THE EUSTACE DIAMONDS.4 By Anthony Teollopk. Chapteb l. ik hebtfobd street* During all this time Lucinda Roanoke was engaged to marry Sir Griffin Tewett, and the lover was an occasional visitor in Hertford street. Mrs. Carbuncle was as anxious as ever that the marriage should be celebrated on the appointed day, and though there had keen repeated quarrels, nothing had as yet taken place to make her despond. Sir Griffin would make some offensive speech. Lucinda would tell him that she had no desire ever to see hi™ again, and then the baronet, usually under the instigation of Lord George, would make some awkward apology. Mrs. Car buncle—whose life at this period was not a pleasant one—wonld behave on such occasions with great patience, and sometimes with great courage. Lizze, who in her present emergency could not bear the idea of losing the assistance of any friend, was soft and graceful, and even gracious, to the bear. The bear himself certainly seemed to desire the marriage, though he wonld so often give offence which made any prospect of a marriage almost impossible. Bat with Sir Griffia, when the prize seemed to be lost, it again became valuable. He would talk abont his passionate love to Mrs. Carbuncle, and to Lizze—and then, when things had been made straight for him, he would insnlt them, and neglect Lucinda. To Lucinda herself, how ever, he would rarely dare to say such words as he used daily to the other two ladies in the house. What could have been the man's own idea of his future married life, how can any reader be made to understand, or any writer adequately describe 1 He must have known that the woman despised him, and hated him. In the very bottom of his heart he feared her. He had no idea of other pleasure from her aodely than what might arise tohim from toe pride of having married a beautiful woman. Had die shown the slightest fondness for him, the slightest fear that she might lose him, the slightest feeling that she had won a valuable prize in getting him, he would have scorned her, and jilted her without Ike slightest remorse. But the scorn came from her, and it beat him down. "Yes Khate me, and would fain be rid of me; poufaave said that yon will be my wife, and yon cannot now escape me." Sir Griffin did not exactly speak such words as these, but he acted them. Lucinda would bear his pre aenoe,—sitting wart from him, silent, im perious, but very beautiful. Peonleaaidthatshe became more handsome from day to day, and ahe did so, in spite of her agony. Hers was a face which could stand such condition of tide heart without fading or sinking under it. She did not weep, or lose her colour, or become thin. The pretty softness of a gul— delicate feminine weakness, or laughing eyes land pouting lips, no one expected from her. Sir Griffin, in the early days of their acquain tance, had found her to be a woman with a character for beauty—and she was now more beautiful than ever. He probably thought toat If® loved her; but, at any rate, he was determined that he would marry her. : He^ad expressed himself more than once as very angry about this affair of the jewels. Hebaa told Mra. Carbuncle that her inmate, Lady Eustace, was suspected by the police, and tbat it might he well that Lady Eustace should be—he made to go, in fact. But it did mot suit Mrs.Carbuncle that Lady Eustace, should be made to go; nor did it suit Lord George de Bruoe Carrutbec*. Lord George, at IfljVjCjubm'P1®'* instance, had snubbed Sir Griffin uioretban once,' and then It came to patw that be was.inubbed yet again more vipleptly than before. - He wss&tthe.hpose; i to Hertford-street on the day of Mr, Buutu's hfsiri some hours after. Mr. Bun fit was gone, whep , >»*» ftill ^ lying oa .her bed upstairs, nearly beaten by the great danger which had pppressed her. Ho was told of Mr. ^agtuprf8aid toat he I•^pffidybdwiish hi to torn her ont because ber bebk^pe bas been stolen r, asked Mrs. ^"jj|»pto.'asy very queer th!bW?.mud 6ir ^®^toey do. Sir Griffin," contihqed Mrs, 3to1bbj>$e. ' "They toy toch queer, tblum tbat r —'f rahtol^t^^ahphldSi imfliijptor'll gib told thiijt the l^^iest tost Gpoige SraSuli;A-;". • Sn- And Boisthflotber; j «* The Bu*Uo« Diamonds* ! nonsense. Do yon mean to tell as that yon believe that Lady Eustace stole her own dia monds ?" " I don't see the use of having her here. Situated as I am, I have a right to object to it" " Situated as yon are, Sir Griffin!" said Luanda. "Well; yes, of course; if we are to be married. I cannot but think a good deal of the persons you Btay with." "You were very glad to Btay yourself with Lady Eustace at Portray," Baid Lucinda. "I went there to follow you," said Sir Griffin, gallantly. "I wish with all my heart you had Btayed away," said Lucindcw At that moment Lord George was shown into the room, and Miss Roanoke continued speaking, determined that Lord George should know how the bear was conducting himself. " Sir Griffin is saying that my aunt ought to turn Lady Eastace out of the house." " Not quite that," said Sir Griffin, with an attempt at laughter. "Qnitethak said Lucinda. "I don't suppose that he suspects poor Lady Eustace, but he thinks that my aunt's friend should be like Caaar'a wife, above the suspicion of others." "If yon wonld mind your own business, Tewett," said Lord George, "it would be a deal better for us alL I wonder Mrs. Car buncle does not turn you out of the room for making such a proposition here. If it were my room, I would." " I suppose I can say what I please to Mrs. Carbuncle ? Miss Roanoke is not going to be your wife." " It is my belief that Miss Roanoke will be nobody*8 wife—at any rate, for the present," said that yonng lady; upon which Sir Griffin left the room, muttering some words which might have been, perhaps, intended for an adieu. Immediately after this, Lizzie came in, moving slowly, bat without a sound, like a ghost, with pale cheeks, and dishevelled hair, and that weary, worn look of illness which was become customary with her. She greeted Lord George with a faint attempt at a smile, and seated herself in a corner of a sofa. She asked whether he had been told the story of the proposed search, and then bade her friend Mrs. Carbuncle describe the scene. "If it goes on like this it will kill me," said Lizzie. " They are treating me in precisely the same way," said Lord George. " But think of your strength and of my weakness, Lord George." "By heavens, I don't know," said Lord George. " In this matter your weakness is stronger than any strength of mine. I never was so cut up in my life. It was a good joke when we talked of the suspicions of chat fellow at Carlisle as we came up by the rail way, bnt it is no joke now. I've had men with me, almost asking to search among my things." "They have quite asked me," said Lizzie, piteously. " Youyes. But there's some reason in that. These infernal diamonds did belong to yon, or at any rate, yon had them. You are the last person known to have seen them. Even if yon had them still, you'd only have what you call yonr own." Lizzie looked at him with all her eyes and listened to him with all her ears. "But what the mischief can I have had to do with them f" " It's very hard upon yon," said Mrs. Car buncle. "Unless I stole them," continued Lord George. "Which is so absurd, you know," said Lizzie. " That a pig headed provincial fool should have taken me for a midnight thief did not disturb me much. I don't think I am very easily annoyed by what other people think of me. But these fellows, 1 suppose, were sent here by the head of the metropolitan police ; and everybody knows that tney have been sent Because I was civil enoagh to yon women to look after yon coming np to town, and because one of yon was careless enough to lose her jewels, I—I am to be talked about all over London as the man who took them!" This was not spoken with much courtesy to the ladies present Lord George bad dropped that customary chivalry of manner which, in ordinary life, makes it to be quite out of the question that a man shall be uncivil to a woman. He had escaped from conventional usage into rough, truthful speech, under stress from the extremity of the to which he had been subjected. And the women understood it and appreciated it mid liked it rather than otherwise. To Lizzie it seemed fitting that a Corsair so circumstanced should be as uncivil as he pleased; and Mrs. Carbuncle had long been accustomed to her friend's moods. "They can't really think it," said Mrs. Carbuncle. "Somebody thinks it I am told that your particular fnend, Lord Fawn "—this he said, specially addressing Lizzie—"has expressed a strong opinion that I carry abont the neck lace always in my pocket I trust to have the opportunity of wringing his neck some day." " I do so wish yon wonld," said Lizzie. "I shall not lose a chance if 1 can get it Before all this occurred, I should have mod of myself that nothing of the kind could pat me oat I don't think there is a man in the world cares less what people say of him than I do. I am as indifferent to ordinary tittle- i tattle as a rhinoceros. Bnt by George, when it comes to stealing ten thonsand pounds' i worth of diamonds, and the delicate atten-: tions of all the metropolitan police, one begins to feel that one is vulnerable. When I get np m the morning, I half feel that I be locked up before night and I can see in the j eyes of every man I meet that he takes me for ; the orince of burglars!" "Audit is all toy fault," said Lizzie. "Iwish the diamonds had been thrown intothe sea," said Mrs. Carbuncle. " What do you think about them yourself ?" hiked Lucinda. ' " I don't know what to think. I'm at a j dcad loss. Yon know that man, Mr, Ben-i jamin, Lady Eustace?' Lizzie; with a little i start answered that she did, that she had had dealings with him before her manias and had once owed him two or three hundr.. pounds. As the man's name had been men*! tinned, she thought it. better to own as much. "So he tells me. Now, in all] London, ! don't suppose there is a greater | rascal than Benjamin." "I didn't know that" said Lizzie. " Bnt l did; and with that rascal I have bad money dealings for the last six or seven yeam . He has cashed bills for me. and has toy name to bills now—and Sir Griffin's too. Toi hall Inclined to think that he has sot W diamonds." JUI* *01 ! "Do you indeed ?" said Mm. Carbuncle. "Mr. Benjamin!" said Lizzie. . "And he returns the compliment" ^ ".Hpw does hereturn it?" asked Mrs. Car* "lie dither thinks ihat I've got 'em, or be wants to make toe believe that he thinks so. BA basn'tdared to say it; but that's bis Inteiltien. Such on opinion from anch a man pn such a subject would be anite a cotoblitoebt And I Jeel it But yet It i trouble* me. You know that greasy, Is Y^UtUh smlle of his, Lady Eustace," Lizzie nodded her head and tried to smile. Whin I asked him yesterday about the diamonds, he leered at me and rubbed his hands. It-; a pretty little game; ain't it, Lord George. he said. I told him that I thought it a very bad game, and that I hoped the police would have the thief and the necklace soon. ' It a been managed a deal too well for that. Lord George;—don't you think so ?'" Lord George mimicked the Jew as he repeated the words, and the ladies, of oourse, laughed. But poor Lizzie's attempt at laughter was very sorry. " I told him to his face that I thought he had them among his treasures. 'No, no, no; Lord George,' he said, and seemed quite to enjoy the joke. If he's got them himself, he can't think that I have them but if he has not, I don't doubt but he believes that I have. And I'll tell you another person who suspects me." " What fools they are," said Lizzie. " I don't know how that may be. Sir Griffin, Lucinda, isn't at all sure but what I have them in my pocket." "I can believe anything of him, said Lucinda. "And it seems he can believe anything of me. I shall begin to think soon that I did take them, myself,—or, at any rate, that I ought to have done so. I wonder what you three women think of it. If you do think I've got 'em, don't scruple to say so. I'm quite used to it, and it won't hurt me any further.' The ladies again laughed. "You must have your suspicions," continued he. " I suppose some of the London thieves did get them," said Mrs. Carbuncle. " The police say the box was empty," said Lord George. "How can the police know?" asked Lucinda. "They weren't there to see._ Of course the thieves would say that they didn't thoiD " " What do you think, Lady Eustace ?" "I don't know what to think. Perhaps Mr. Camperdown did it." "Or tneLord Chancellor," said Lord George. "One is just as likely as the other. I wish I could get at what you really think. The whole thing would be so complete if all you three suspected me. I can't get out of it all by going to Paris or Kamschatka, as I should have half a dozen detectives on my heels wherever I went. I must brazen it out here ; and the worst of it is, that I feel that a look of guilt is creeping over me. I have a sort of conviction growing upon me that I shall be taken up and tried, and that a jury will find me guilty. I dreftm about it; and it as is probable, it drives me mad, I'm sure that I snail accuse myself in my madness. There's a fascination about it that I can't explain or escape. I go on thinking how I would have done it if I did do it. I spend hours in calculating how much I would have realised, and where I would have found my market. I couldn't keep myself from asking Benjamin toe other day how much they would be worth to him." " What did he say ?" asked Lizzie, who sat earing npon the Corsair, and who was now herself fascinated. Lord George was walking about toe room, then sitting for a moment in one rfmir and again in another, and after a while leaning on toe mantelpiece. In his speaking he addressed himself almost ex clusively to Lizzie, who couid not keep her eyes from his. " He grinned greasily," said the Corsair, " and told me they had already been offered to him once before by you." " That's false," said Lizzie. " Very likely. And then he said that no doubt they'd fall into his hands some day. ' Wouldn't it be agame,Lord George,' he said, 'if, after all, they should be no more than paste?' That made me think he had got them, and that he'd get paste diamonds put into toe same setting,—and then give them up with some story of his own making. ' You'd know whether they were paste or not; wouldn't you Lprd George?' he asked." The Corsair, as he repeated Mr. Benjamin's words, imitated the Jew's manner so well that he made Lizzie shudder. "While I was there, a detective named Gager came in." " The same man who came here, perhaps," suggested Mrs. Carbuncle. I think nob He seemed to be quite into mate with Mr. Benjamin, and went on at onoe about the diamonds. Benjamin said that they'd made their way over to Paris, and that he d heard of them. I found myself getting quite intimate with Mr. Gager, who seemed hardly to scruple at showing that he thought that Benjamin and I were confede rates. Mr. Camperdown has offered four hun dred pounds reward for the jewels—to be paid op their surrender to toe hands of Mr. Garnett, the jeweller. Gager declared that, if any ordinary thief had them, they would be given up at onoe for that sum." That's trrfe, I suppose," said Mrs. Car buncle. "How would the ordinary thief get his money without being detected? Who would dare to walk into uarnett's shop with toe diamonds in his hands and ask for toe four hnndred pounds? Besides, they have been sold to some one—and, as I believe, to my dear Mend, Mr. Benjamin. 'I suppose you ain't a going anywhere just at presenb Lord George/ sua that fellow Gager. ' What the devil's that to yon,' I asked him. He just laughed and shook his head. I don't doubt but that there's a policeman about writing till I leave this house—or looking at ma now with a magnifyingglass from the windows at toe other aide. They've photographed me while I'm going abonb and published a list of every hair on mi face in the Hue and Cry I dined at the dub yesterday, and found a strange writer. I fed certain that he was a policeman done np in livery all for my sake, i truned eharp round in the street yesterday, and found a man at a corner. I am sure that man was watching me. and was linking fct my pockets to see whether the jewel oase was there. A* for myself, I can think of nothing else. I wish I had got them. I should have something then to pay me for all this nuisance. "Ido wish you had," said Lizzie. " .What I should do with them I cannot eyen fmadhe.. I am always thinking of that too—making plans for getting rid of toem, supppring I had etolen them- My belief is, that I should he so sick of them that I should chuck them over toe bridge into the river—only that 1 should fear that aomo policeman's eye would be on me as I did ib My present position is not oorufortable—but If I had got them, I think thst the weight of them would crash mp altogether. Having a handle to my and belug a lord, or, at least, called a lord, makes It all the worse. People ate so jjw Jhink that a ford should have AwlfiD ftfl6CKll06. _ Lizrie UstfiDed to it all with a strange fascination. If this strong man were so much upset by toe bare suspicion, what must be her condition? The jewels were in her desk upstairs, and the police had been with her riso-were even now probably looking after her and watching her. How much more difficult must it be for her to deal with the diamonds than it would have been for this man. . ?resentlv Mrs. Carbuncle left the room, amp Luanda followed her. ' P'Hf saw them go. and did not dare to jo with them. She felt, as though her limbs would I not have carried her to the door. She was i how riohe with her Corsair,; and toe looked I up timidly Into his deep-set eyes, as he came and stood over her. "Tell me all that yon know about it," he said, in that deep low voice which, from her first acquaintance with him, bad filled her with interest, and tdmost with awe. 