The Queenslander. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1872. BE peace on earth! Be peace on earth! To men of gentle will! The sentiment finds a very general echo at this season, for whatever our differences at other times, unless " riveted by the old man beyond redemption," the heart cannot beat now without a wanner glow for its fellow humanity. In hundreds of thou sands of pulpits and in the Press of all lands the grand old story of Christmas is told, and it never grows stale. The words used differ according to the fervor and sentiment of the speaker, but the moral drawn is ever the same. We see in the institution of Christmas the example for continuous goodness and progress ; and the joy with which the season comes, year after year, whether in the raw cold or at the cosy firesides of the old land; in the glow ing heat of an Australian summer, or in an equally cosy Australian parlor; on the wide ocean; in the frozen fields of the far North, or the burning deserts of Asia and Africa, Christmas finds a hearty welcome, and a strong current of good-will towards all men. The teaching of the time is lost; the lesson of the day is wasted un less we are led to a still greater reverence for the Great Ruler #ho has guided our country and ourselves as individuals to a time unequalled since the advent of the Deliverer. It is something to live in an age when men speak to each other from the ends of the earth, as though separated by a thin wall, and the child of our heart hears the tale of the Saviour, coupled with the astounding fact that he may know on the morrow how the child of the North wel comed his Christ kindchrn, and the tawney infant of Andalusia heralded his mimic Nacimiento. There are but few men living this day who have not profited in some way from the Great Founder of Christmas. We can but reflect to wonder at the ra pidity with which the glorious tidings of Christianity are approaching all peoples and all tongues; and how the time-hal lowed prayer of the winter solstice, Sicvt patribus sit Deus nobiscum, finds fulfilment in the joyous observance of this richest of seasons when the God of our fathers came to us to abide for ever. With the present issue we send each reader a reminder of the season, in the shape of a calendar fob 1873, and trust it will prove as useful as we have endeavored to make it. The calendar leaves us with a hearty wish that the approaching year will prove a truly good time, that it will be amongst the pleasant recollections of every reader of The Queenslander, and that our intercourse will be as agreeable as in the past. " THE DOCTOR" is a man venerated in all civilised communities. And no wonder. He is amongst the hardest working of the community, but the principal source of our admiration is the energy with which he follows up the latest and most wonder- ful achievements of his profession. We have just had a proof of this in a letter from Mr. F. S. Denham, who, it will be recollected, lost an arm last month while attending to his duties in the Government workshops at Ipswich. Mr. Denham is a man well advanced in years, but, thanks to the skill of the medical men who took him in hand, and to a brave, healthy constitu- tion, he has been discharged from the Ips- wich Hospital, and is able to write to the effect that he is progressing favorably, and hopes soon to be well. This is the true spirit of manhood, and makes us appreciate the age and the men who live in it. We are also in receipt of another striking in- stance of the wonderous progress of surgi- cal science, and one which we would like to see followed out in the case of Mr. Denham, who, having lost a limb in the service of the country, deserves to have the best possible substitute. A Scotch medical journal reports a case at length, in which Dr. Begg, of Dundee, amputated the whole of the extremities of a young wo- man named Robertson, whose hands and feet had assumed a gangrenous condition. Mr. Heather Bigg constructed for her some especially devised prothetic appliances. The artificial hands are automatic in action, opening and shutting the fingers at the will of the patient. This peculiar prehensility gives her the power of grasp- ing even so small a substance as a crotchet needle, and enables her to gain a liveli- hood by making shawls, &c.; The artificial legs are so arranged as to enable her to stand and walk with the aid of crutches. Three years have passed since she first began the use of extraneous appliances, and she now writes an admirable hand, besides knitting, feeding and dressing her- self, &c.; In a communication made by her a short time since, she writes that she can walk alone quite easily with the aid of crutches, and that no one could observe the cause of her lameness. The ability of the noisy few to make their numbers seem many is strikingly illustrated in the ceusus tables just to hand of the population and resources of France. We coufine our attention at present to the re ligious statistics of the city of Paris, for they tell a curious tale, tt appears that in that city there are 1,732,529 Roman Catholics; 30,421 Jews; 17,281 Calva nists; 14,940 Lutherans; 9482 Metho dists, Anglicans, and Quakers; 422 Ma homedans; and 2500 Freethinkers and persons who declare themselves of no re ligion whatever. From the noise made by the ktter, from the oft-repeated assertions that " one-half of Paris is of no religion whatever," tbe actual numbers, when put to the test, appear very, very small, but not one less than we are glad to find. At Rouen the proportion is still less: Roman Catholics, 100,861; Protestants, 74,300; of no religion, 19! Who will call the French heathens after this ? The Vienna Universal Exhibition, which is to be opened on the Ist of May next year, and to continue open until the 31st of October, is excitjng a very general atten tion throughout Europe, and the prepara tions of the Austrian Government are upon a scale worthy of tbe object. In the East, as we gather from the public journals, ex traordinary efforts are being made to ensure prominence, and very important results, commercially and politically, are antici pated from the gathering together of pro ducts from vast areas hitherto unrepre sented, or but partially represented, in exhi bitions of the kind. Tbe English Govern ment, and Her Majxsty personally, have taken great interest in the matter, the Queen having expressed an emphatic hope that not only Great Britain, but her colonies, will be prominent exhibitors in art, science, manufactures, and natural products. The Government have appointed a Commission here to assist in the collection of specimens for transmission to Mr. Daikteee ; and we are sure that Messrs. Hill and Gordon will afford in formation to all who seek it. We would only suggest that it would be desirable, if time would admit, to exhibit the contribu tions here publicly before their transmis sion. The sight might stimulate competi tion locally for a future occasion; and if it did not surprise us by its excellence, might at least shame us into greater future effort. With all their faults, the Americans are a wonderful people. For energy and pluck they deserve all credit, and may well serve as an example for the young of other nations. Neither ancient nor modern times give a more striking illustration of patriotic confidence and determination than that furnished by the rebuilding of Chicago. It is little over a year since the city was burnt; it is already restored, not as a ghost of the former city, redolent of flimsy makeshifts, but in as good condition as formerly. In many places the new is re ported superior to the old city. Even the Corporation were alive to the times: they made and graded streets, filled up, cut down, and drained. In many things they did what nothing short of a general sack ing of the place, or cumbersome Acts of Parliament, with the attendant enormous expenses, could enable them to do. Figures, and figures only, can illustrate the enorm ous proportions of the work accomplished within a year. We know from statistics taken at the time that 98,500 people were left homeless, of whom 74,500 re sided in 13,300 buUdiags on the north side, where every home was consumed on a sur face covering 1470 acres. The report now comes that dwellings for 70,000 people have already been built in that division of the city. In the south division, where the hotels, theatres, warehouses, shops, and stores, were located, and mostly destroyed, 3650 buildings were burned on 460 acres, and it is announced that the ground on tbe burned district is now nearly covered. Twenty-six miles of streets are already re occupied. In the burned district there is hardly a vacant lot where it is not the in tention of the owner to begin operations this season. After the rebuilding of Chi cago, the news that 100 acres of buildings have been destroyed in Boston appears small in comparison. As a role, we are averse to the usurpa tion of the functions of the law by private persons. But there are exceptional eases. Here is one, reported in an English paper: —A man named Walters "in the course of a family dispute* 1 burst open the door of a house occupied by a neighbor named Hay ward, and, having " laid about" him on all sides with a lump of lead tied to a rope, gave vent to his excited feelings by catch ing up one of Mrs. Hayward's girls and deliberately setting her on the fire. The wretched child was most horribly injured, and was snatched off the fire by her sister, Mrs. Hayward at tbe same time most pro perly " rolling Walters to the ground " with the poker, where he was held down until assistance arrived. Mr. Walters, who, it is stated, behaved " in a most indecent and blasphemous manner in court," was fined 508., and his .wife, who had abetted him, and " nsed most revolting expressions," was fined 20s. The money was paid, and Mr. Walters cannot complain that he has been overcharged for his amusement; but it is to be hoped that if he repeats the joke, and the next time he has a family fued attempts to roast his neighbor's child alive, Mrs. Hayward will not be chary with tbe poker, and that the magistrates at Ponty pool will muster up resolution enough to make a slight increase in the penalty. It will scarcely be credited that a sane man has been silly enough to play at bush ranger, and stick up a vehicle on the Gympie-road. Yet such appears to be tbe fact. Tbe particulars appear in an ther column, and the proceeding was so very silly that the statement of its being in tended as a joke appears feasible. The man played tbe part of a big foolhardy, booby boy, and tbe birch would be the best means of correction in bis case, as a warn ing to others similarly disposed to practical joking to turn their attention in some other direction. A sound flagellation would meet the case exactly. VV« learn from the Maryborough Ckromiele that the offer of the Rev. Mr. Tanner bu been accepted to take charge of the Cburoh of England in that town at a temporary arrange ment. —The «me journal says that the last Crown land sale was the do. lest that has been held for year*. Only four lota were aold, of which the following are the particulars: Country lots.—Lot 8, portion 10, 40 acres, county Lennox, pariah of Denison, Isaac Hetberington, £48. Suburban lots.—Lot 4, allotment 1, section 7,2 roods 35 perches, upset price; lot 12, allotment 9, section 7, If acre upset price; lot 26, allotment 10, section 9, 1 acre, upset price, C. Powers. Lota 33, 34. and 85 were withdrawn, having been advertised in error* 