SPORTING NOTES, By "Playboy." There was some fair sport at tee Keuor races on Saturday, and a good many visiters from Mel bourne put iu an appearance, and doubtless more would have dose so had the meeting been pro- perly advertised. However, good fields contested each event, and several of tee finishes were close and exciting. Business commenced with the Maiden Plate, for which Alfred and Black Bess, the latter a mere pony carrying a stone and a half over weight, ran a dead heat, the deciding one ending in an easy victory for the horse. For the Handi cap of 15 so vs., two miles, six came to the post, and a capital finish resulted in old Chance, 8st 101b, beating Topper, 9st 31b, by a head ; Vaga bond, 9st 101b, getting third ; three moderates being behind him. Topper would have won the race, but he waited behind too long, his jockey evidently thinking that he had nothing to do but come and win when he liked. Mr. J. J. Miller pulled off the Trot with his bay mare Dolly ; and then Middy Ashore at last put a race to his owner's credit, as after two attempts the Steeple chase fell to him ; Sulphur and Ben Bolt, both belonging to Mr. C. Clarke, came in first and second the first time of asking ; but a protest was entered against them for going the wrong Aide of a post, and the stewards ordered the race to be run over again. Mr. Clarke then lost the race through allowing bote his horses to go on their merits, for their riders were evidently jealous, and riding together at tee same panel of the last fence but one, they cannoned in the air, and a dissolution of partnership was the consequence; MClusky, who rode Ben Bolt was severely hurt, and lying senseless for some time ; bnt Mr. Clarke informs me that he has now quite recovered the effects. After this mishap, Middy Ashore, who ran last the pre> 5oue bout, won easily. A grey horse in Harding's stable, called Spartan, appropriated the Publicans Purse, Black Bess, the unfortunate dead-heater in the Maiden Plate, being crushed with weight. A Scarry, won by Mr. Poole's Warren, brought the meeting to & successful termination. From Tasmania news comes that great prepara tions are being made by the sporting men of tee tight little island for their annual carnival. The booths, gates, stand, etc on the Mowbray course, have been sold at good prices, and a great meet ing is anticipated. There was some mis under- standing amongst owners of horses on this side of the Straits last Friday as to whether acceptances or declarations of forfeits had to be made, conse quently at tee present moment it is not exactly known what horses are really going, but judging from the telegram received from Launceston on Friday night, it would seem that it was declaration of forfeit that was tee correct thing to do, so only those scratched are out of the various events. At all events, we know that Warrior, Kingfisher, The Pearl, Misty Morn, Contessa, and The Monk intend to have a shy for tee good things provided by our Laimeeston friends; whilst Salarfhy Boyeton, Dolo, and Vulcan have yet to declare their intentions. This will leave only nine in tee launceston Cap, which, according to tee conditions, will make that race wrath aboat £300. The distance is two miles, and although old Warrior is treated to tee steadier of 9st 91b, his performances this year show that when there is no crowd to get through, he can, even with weight for age, make the paoe warm enough to keep all but the beet class of cattle at a respectable distance. Kingfisher, with8st 91b, has declared content, hot I can see nothing in his performances to justify Mr. Barnard in putting tee weight of &st; 71b on a four-year-old of his calibre, especially in such good company, and till I see him race under it, I will not believe teat he can have a ghost of a show. The Pearl has rather more than he likes with 8st 41b, but still it is not more than he is entitled to for winning the Melbourne Cap. Baladin does not look well with 8st, but teen it mart be remembered that tbe handicap is rather a heavy one. Misty Morn should run well under 7st 71b, whilst Oonteeea has only a fair weight for sate a well-perfbrmed three-year- old, and at the present time I like bra chance better than that of any other animal m the race. The rest are Tumaaians, of whom, with tee ex ception of Deception, I know little, and tee game little Panic mare's show with 6st 101b cannot be very rosy amongst so many real good ones. The Tor Club Handicap is Only a mil and a half, and has the same hones from here in it, with but tittle difference in the weights. Both Kiwafiahaii and Misty Morn like the short ffistance best, so tfrrir extra weight as compared to Warrior is justifiable, but I &0 to see either rhyme or reason in Oonteeea giving Miss Jessie 21b in this event, whilst in tee Gap they run at em Wrights. 1 1 teould have done just the reverse had I been the handicavper. However, it does not mote matter, as the latter will not start. Sala- din with fist teould also have a show for this, and nr present impression is tint the race lies between him and Misty Mom. Of the seven handle moras I only know four — Royston, Dolo, Victor, and Wanawmg. Sat Mb is quite enough ®P tee last- named, and uxdess hk eocxm la Tasman' s beautiful isle has wonderfully motored Victor's lota form, Mr. I Brown a likely io hae the finish, to himself with Dole and Rgystim. Tbe Monk, Vulcan, and Traveller are the onlj horses from here left in tee Steeplechase. Tbe first cannot yet be fit, after his BiBaxta mishap, andas toeLaunoeefcoooouree is rather a severe one, it will not suit Vulcan, white will leave Traveller as our best represen tative, faut it is quite on the cards teat one of the 1 ttnwbred hraw« m»y cany off ten no The general entries -are to be made next Tuesday, when all doubts as to owner's intentions will probably he cleared op, and then I will.no doubt, be in a position to give your readers the true and correct tip. In order to give every inducement to Victorians to pay Launceston a visit, tee Tasmanisn Steam Navigation Company have advertised that excursion tickets there and back will be Issued at three guineas, by the steamers Tamar and Derwent, which will leave Melbourne on Wednesday tee 31et January, Saturday the 3rd, and Monday tee 5th of February ; and return from Launceston on Wednesday the 7th, Saturday 10th, and Tuesday the 13th of February. They have also advertised to bring back, free of charge,, any horse taken over in their steamers, competing for and not winning any of the events at the Launceston Meeting. It will thus be seen teat everything has been done to make the excursion a cheap and convenient one, and it need not cost a £10 note to have a week's pleasuring in tbe tight little island, for in addition to the races, there will he a grand Intercolonial Shooting Match, cricket. Horticultural Show, Stag Hunt, Race Ball, etc., etc. . I see that those old stagers, Toryboy, Monkey, and Protection, are to be sold by Messrs Bowes and Lethbridge next- Monday, at Kirk's Bazaar. There should be a cockatoo race left in each, of the trio yet ; but, at all events, Monkey and Pro tection should be worth something as hacks ; and it is to be hoped that some lover of a good horse will interpose to save poor old Toryboy from the fate which generally befalls the broken-down race horse. Mr. Henry Phillips has made arrangements to hold the annual sale of his yearlings after the March meeting. Mr. J. G. Doughartv will preside, and should he only prove as successful in disposing of Mr. Phillips's fifteen young Panics, as he has lately been with Mr. Petty's and the late Mr. Mbfiatt's blood stock, that gentleman should secure a more remunerative average than he did last year, more especially as the doings of Panic's stock lately proved that sire to be one of the stoutest and beet ever imparted. I am glad to be able to state that Mr. Hurtle Fisher — who has been on a tour of enjoyment for some time in tbe old conntry — talks of soon returning to Australia, and that in all proba bility in the coarse of a few months we shall have the pleasure of welcoming him back. He does not say whether he will bring any horses, bnt I imagine not. It will be quite refresh ing to see the rose and black stripes again on the Fiemineton racecourse. Next month we may also expect- to see the ring reinforced by the return of Mr. Don Barnard, the well- known bookmaker, who, since he left- us, has joined the Society of Benedicts. He was to have left in December by the Great Britain, but I see by tbe mail telegrams that that venerable steamship had to put back to port, so he will not arrive quite so soon as expected. The entries which were made on Monday eve ning for the events coming off to-day at Croxton Park most have been highly gratifying to the spirited proprietors of this delightful place of reunion for sporting men, and as £52 has been received for entrance moneys, and £29 for the booths, etc., the speculation should pay better this time, as the sum given away in stakes only amounts to £105, and it now only wants favourable weather and a good attendance on the part of the public to make the second summer meeting a success. The handicaps were declared on Tuesday night, and, so far, I have heard but few complaints. Nankaboo and Moscow appear to me the best in for the Hurdle Race, an opinion, howerer, that would be considerably modified were there the slightest chance of Western coming out anything like his former self. Tomahawk, Wildbriar, and Benjiroo I like best for the Handicap, Mr. Filgate's filly for choice. Young Australia gave some promise as a two- year old, but he has been so long laid up that I do not care to express an opinion as to his merits. Sir William Don and Whitefoot should have the trot to themselves, moderates never get- half a show in these races, and seldom or ever does an outsider get within cooey at tee finieh. My predilections for the Steeplechase are all in favour of tee three top weights — Typo for choice, and the Selling Race should fall to Vagabond. Amongst the items of English news telegraphed by the mail it was stated that tan of Sir Joseph Hawley's horses realised £7,250 by auction, at Tattersall's. At the first blush this would seem rather a high price, but when it is considered that amongst them were Pero Gomez, winner of the St. Legra, The Primer, and Asteroid, there is little to wonder at, and at the sale these three together fetched 5,500 guineas, the two last being bought in, but The Primer was afterwards sold privately. The Greelong Handicaps present many in consistencies, tee weight on Glencoe, ss in the Australian Cup, bring again objectionable, whilst Kingfisher catches it hot for his meri torious but not brilliant performances. However, the number well in is so large compared to those that are out of it that no doubt good fields will see the post for both tee Handicap and the Cup. Darkie has caught it so hot, bote in the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, that it is likely his owner will think twice about sending him. Fair Nell is steadied with lOst for the Hurdle Race, and Moscow is favoured with his usual weight, 9st. Nankaboo is in light enough to repeat hfe last year's performance, and Miss Constance ought to be dangerous, if she has recovered her accident ; but, after carefully look ing over the weights, I can crane to no other con clusion than that tee finite will He between tee same horses that got situations on New Year's Day, with perhaps tee substitution of Hotspur for Fair NriL The Steeplechase is rather a diffi cult problem to solve. Darkie migM be tbe wonder some people think, and win it j bnt I prefer the chance of his little namesake and Typo. By the Tamar, white sailed on Wednesday, Mir. Saqui's horses, Warrior and Misty Morn, were sent over to Launceston, to fulfil their en gagements at tee Champion Meeting. Reeves, tee English jockey, who came out to this country some months ago to train and ride Mr. MofiattV horses, accompanied Warrior to steer him for the Gap. Contessa and Mr. Ryan's two, Kingfisher and the Monk, leave here on Wednesday next by the Tamar for the same destination ; but I hear that Mr. Tut, after all, will not cross the straits this season with any cf his string. On Thursday Messrs. Bowes and Lethbridge submitted to public competition at Kirk's Bazaar, several horses in training belonging to Mr. John Lamb, including his highly-bred Am of Clubs three-year-old colt, from Lotia by Peter Wilkins, in training for the Leger, and named King of Clubs. Mir. Lamb's reserves were however, too high for the notions of purchasers, and the lot were sent bate to the place from whence they came. The colt, which is a very foe «f the thoroughbred, end |im promise of turoiog out a racehorse, was run up to £150, and bought in at that price. A trotting match between Mr. J. Thompson's b. g. Sir William Don and Mr. J.J. Miller's b. m. Dolly, took place in the Royal Park on Thursday, for £5 aside. The distance was one mile, and the mare received 300 yards' start from the illus trious baronet. The ground chosen was not at all well adapted for the purpose, and Berionsly militated against the chance of the champion, who was defeated by about twenty-five yards. By the Alexandra, which cleared out for Sydney on Thursday, tee major portion of Mr. Tait's horses returned to Sydney. They included Titania, J. L., Pyrrhus, and the Sylvia Colt recently purchased at the Maribyrnong sale of yearlings ; Detective and The Pearl remain behind to fulfil their Melbourne engagements, and I hear on good authority that Mr. Tait has parted with the Melbourne Cup winner to the Messrs. Winter of Colbinabbin, who intend to use him for a'stud horse. The exact figure for which Mr. Tait has sold this game son of New Warrior and Ida has not transpired, but I believe it to-be a large ODe ; delivery is not to be given till after the March Meeting. The Pearl will haTe few chances of getting racehorses in his new home, but be will have every opportunity of proving his worth in producing good useful stock horses, a purpose for which from his breeding and constitution he is admirably adapted. Tasmaxian Turf Cxttb. — Tuesday next, the 30th inst., is the general-entry day for the Laun ceston Meeting, and acceptances are also to bemade for tbe Cup, Hurdle Race, Steeplechase, and Turf Club Handicap, addressed toMr.Croumbie-Brown, International hotel, Launceston ; Mr. Bagot, Mel bourne ; Mr. Bucaan Thompson, Sydney ; or Mr. Ciibborn, Ballarat. Jaaubson asd Upper Goulbubn Races. — Nominations are to be made on Wednesday next, 31st in=t., for tee Handicap (vriae, 75 sovs.) at this meeting, enclosing 2 goineas, and pedigree, and performance of the horse to Mr. H. C. Geneste, secretary, Bee-Hive hotel, Jamieson. Majtseield Jockey Club. — Nominations are to be made on Thursday next, 1st February, for the Shire Handicap, of 100 sovs., at this meeting, enclosing 1 sov., to the bon. secretary, Mr. J. H. Kelson, Mansfield hotel, Mansfield. Adelaide Races. — Acceptances for the Ade laide Cap are to be made at or before 4 p.m., on Thursday next, 1st February, addressed to Mr. R. C. Bagot, Melboarne ; Mr. Buchan Thompson, Sydney ; or Mr. C. J. Coates, Adelaide. Bekalla Annual Races. — Nominations are to be made on Friday next, the 2nd of Feb ruary, enclosing 1 sov., for the Benalia Handicap of 50 govs., to Mr. J. Hayes, secretary, Benalia. 