MEN OF THE AGE. SERIES OF BIOGRAPHIES WRITTEN EX PRESSLY FOR THIS JOURNAJi. Bishop Colenso. THE controversies of the present age on ques tions affecting the most important interests o; man_jjjs relations to his Creator, and his des tiny beyond the grave-are viewed with appre^ hensions or with hope, according as the minds of those who look upon them are most stronglj imbued with a sense of the dangers of error, or with hopeful reliance on the power of truth, A late writer, a minister of the Church of England, has left on record these noble sentences in reference to members of other churches : I do not wish to make them think as I think. But ] want that they and I should be what we pretend to be j and then I doubt not we should find, that there is a common ground for us all far beneath our thinkings, For "truth" I hold not to be that which, every man trowoth ; but to bo that which lies at the bottom of nil men's fcrowings, that in which those trowings have their only meeting point. Those who regard religious faith as man's most precious inheritance, and at the same time look upon it as a fabric built up of men's " trowings»" must needs dread the busy spirit of investigation and controversy that is abroad. Those who are sure that there is truth, firm as the rock of ages, beneath all men's " trowings," may readily believe that investigation and controversy, if only they are honestly conducted, must tend to make _ the everlasting truth more and more manifest. Towards a man occupying the prominent position of a Bishop of the Church of England, and taking a public stand for extreme views on some of the most exciting theological con troversies of the day, as Dr. Colenso lias done, -persons of the former class can hardly bc expected to entertain any other senti ments than those of resentment and un qualified disapproval-while those of the latter class may at least obsei*ve with patience, and with some hope) as well as sorrow, the working out of the problems which he has started. John William Colenso was born at St. Aus tell, Cornwall, in 1814. His father, J. W. Colenso, Esq., of Lostwithiel, Cornwall, England, was an officer of the- Duchy of Corn wall. His mother was a daughter of Thomas Blackmore, Esq., of Devonport. He attended in his boyhood the Proprietary School at Devonport, and went from there to St. John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1836 as B.A., and took the position of second wrangler and Smith's prizeman. In 1839 he took the degree of M.A. From 1838 to 1842 he was mathematical master at Harrow. A large proportion of the schools through out the British Empire are familiar with some of the results of his mathematical studies, in the deservedly popular works on arithmetic, which bear his name. In 1846 he became Rector of Fornett St. Mary, in Norfolk; and continued to occupy that sphere of duty until 1853, when he was made a Doctor of Divinity, and consecrated first Bishop of Natal. This diocese was formed out of part of the diocese of Cape town, in consequence of the progress of popu lation in the British settlement of South Africa. The Bishop of Capetown became Metropolitan of all the dioceses of South Africa and St. Helena ; and to him Bishop Colenso, on his appointment to the Diocese of Natal, took the oath of canonical obedience. From the commencement of his labours there, Dr. Colenso sought to bring the Zulus within the pale of the Christian Church. He undertook, with this great object in view, the work of translating the Holy Scriptures into the Zulu tongue. This missionary labour was followed by unexpected results. His attempt to place before the Zulus in their own tongue the contents of the books held sacred among Christians, was the occasion of leading him to the conviction that he was called upon to sub mit to the Christian Church those questions and opinions which have exposed him to sen tence of deposition. He has thus described the change wrought in his views during his labours at the translation of the Bible into the Zulu language : lu this work I have been aided by intelligent natives : and having also published a Zulu grammar and dic tionary, I have acquired sufficient knowledge of tho language to have intimate communication with tho native mind, so as not only to freely avail myself of their criticisms, birt to appreciate fully their difficulties and objections. Thus, however, it has happened that I have been brought face to face with questions which caused m6.somo uneasiness in former days, but with respect to which I was then enabled to satisfy my mind sufficiently lor practical purposes ; and I had fondly hoped to have laid the ghosts of them at last for ever. One difficult question which at an early stage of his work in translating tho Bible was brought before him by the objection of his ]uu interpreter, was in regard to the second ot these two verses-in Exodus 21: 20, 21, it a man smite his servant or his maid with a rod, aud he die under his hand ; he shall be ««rely punished. Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished ; wr he is his money." The Zulu could not perçoive any justice in thc rule that when a master beat his servant so severely as to cause n s death yet if the servant lingered to Te third day before he expired, the master should bo exempt from all punishment; 3, » ' £n the ground that " he is his j money.» Dr. Colenso had, therefore, the alternative forced upon him, of affirming solemnly that this was thc commandment ol1 BIS KOP COLENSO. tyie Just Lord of neaven and earth, or of admitting that words had by some means been inserted in the Bible that could not be regarded as a part of the "Word of God. Few, it may be supposed, will on consideration, maintain that piety requires us to assert the Divine inspiration of the ride as it appears in our Bible. The supposition of a mistranslation, or if that is untenable, of an interpolation by some uninspired writer, would probably appear to most persons, if called upon to decide such a matter, to be less irreligious than the assertion that such a ride ever expressed the just and perfect will of God. Dr. Colenso admitted the force of the objection; and resolved to re consider the whole subject of the authority of the Pentateuch. Se commenced this inquiry in 1861. In the following year, he published the first part of his work-"The Pentateuch and book of Joshua critically examined." His general con clusion he has placed on record in these words : Tho result of my enquiry is this, that I have arrived at tho conviction, as painful to myself at first as it may ho to my reader, though painful non- no longer under the clear shining of the light of truth,-that tho Pentateuch as a whole cannot possibly have been witten by Moses, or by any one acquantied with the facts which it proposes to describe. Shortly before the publication of this work on the Pentateuch, Dr. Colenso had had issued a new translation of St. Paul's epistle to the Romans, with a commentary in which the epistle was " explained from a mis sionary point of view ;" this book was found to contain statements decidedly different to the received doctrines of the Christian church. Early in 1863, the Bishop of Capetown, as the Metropolitan to whom in the first instance Bishop Colenso was considered to be amenable, instituted proceedings against him, founded on the views put forward in these two books. The citation was dated 18th May, 1863, and was served upon Bishop Colenso, in London, on the 1st July. On the 17th November, in the same year, in St. George's Cathedral, Cape town, commenced the trial of Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, on " charges of erroneous teaching." The Right Rev. Dr. Gray, Bishop of Capetown, and Metropolitan, presided at the trial, and was assisted by his suffragans, Dr. Cotterill, Bishop of Grahamstown ; and Dr. Twells, Bishop of the Orange Free State. The accusers were Dean Douglas (of Capetown), and Ai'chdeacons Merriman (of Graham's Town), and Bagnall (of George). Dr. Bleek, curator of the Gray Library, at Capetown, attended as the friend of Dr. Collenso, to protest against the pro ceedings. The grounds of tho accusation were set forth in nine schedules containing extracts from the two works above- mentioned. The most important issue raised in the view at all events, of many churchmen, -was as to the meaning of the word " for ;"-whether it is equivalent to " instead of," or only " on behalf or," that is, " for the good of." Di\ Colenso, admitting the truth of the proposition that " Christ died for us," maintained that " for" in ; this momentous sentence does not mean " in I stead of,"-thus denying what is termed tho' j: doctrine of " Substitution." In another part of 4 I the same book however, Dr. Colenso expresses | ' an opinion which the Bishop's tribunal con I demned for ascribing not less, but more than ¡ '? orthodoxy teaches, to the J^dcnrption of Christ. Commenting on thc words of the apostle, that " the creature (or creation) itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of ' corruption into the glorious liberty of the j children of God, he wrote thus : | I I cannot Bimi my eyes to tho truth which these words appear so dearly to imply, that thoro is a hopo in tho counsels of infinite wisdom and love, for all-for all thc creature, for tho whole human race that fell in Adam, and has been gloriously redeemed in Christ. In explanation of the piupose he had in view in his criticism on the Pentateuch, he expressed this hope : It may bo that the time is near at hand, in tho order ing of God's providence, when tho way shall be opened for the wide extension of missionary work among the heathen ; when that work which now languishes, which cannot make progress among them, either among tho ignorant Zulu or the learned Hindoo, shall no longer be impeded by the necessity of our laying down, at the very outset, stories liko theso for their reception, which they can often match out of their own traditions, and requiring them, upon pain of eternal misery, to believe in them all unfeignedly. He hoped that bishops might have the sanc tion of the Church in ordaining intelligent and devout converts, who were willing and prepared to in-each among their heathen countrymen the | unsearchable riches of Christ, even if they were : not able to give full credence to all that is con tained in the Bible and Prayer-book. Dr. Bleek, after the reading of the charges in the nine schedules, read a letter f rom Bishop Colenso, dated " London, October 5th, 1863," in which the accused bishop admitted the pub lication of the words contained in the charges, and then said : But I claim that tho passages extracted* bo read in connection with tho rest of tho works from which they aro taken. And I deny that tho publication of these passages, or any of them constitutes any offence against tho laws of the United Church of England and Ireland. I have instructed Dr. Bleek (1) to protest against your Lordship's jurisdiction ; (2.) To raad this letter as my defence, if your Lordship should assume to exercise jurisdiction ; (3.) If you should pronounce judgment against me, to give you notice that I shall appeal from such judgment. No other defence was offered. The Dean of Capetown and the Archdeacon of Graham's town and of George occupied two days, with their speeches in support of the charges. After an adjournment of the Court, Bishops Cotteril! and Twell, as assessors, gave their opinion on the case, at great length. The former concluded in these words : I cannot but conclude, most painful as it is to mo to arrive at such a conclusion respecting ono whom I would continue to esteem and love,-that by tho false teaching proved against him tho Bishop has wholly disqualified himself,-unless ho shall now openly retract and revolco this his false teaching,-for bearing rule in the Church of God, and for the cure of souls therein ; and that ho cannot consistently with tho laws of our Church, unless ho shall thus retract his errors, retain any longer the office of Bishop of tho Diocese of Natal. Thc other Bishop assessor took a similar view of the question, and with expressions of deep regret declared his solemn conviction that Bishop Colenso could no longer be looked up to as a teacher of truth-could no longer be regarded as fit to remain in his high office as a Bishop of the Church of Christ. On thc 16th December the Metropolitan delivered judgment. In the course of the observations he made in justification of the sentence he said of Dr. Colenso : Tho Bishop, to do him justice, is sufficiently out spoken. He does not conceal that he no longer believes a great deal that the Church teaches out of Holy Scripture, and has embodied in her formularies. Ho does openly and avowedly impugn, assail, deprave, and ^endeavour to bring into disrepute the Book of Common Prayer. On these and other grounds, the Metro politan pronounced the following sentence : Now, therefore wo, in tho exercise of our jurisdiction aforesaid, do hereby sentence, adjudge, ami decree tho said Bishop of Natal to be deposed from tho said oflico ns such Bishop, and to be further prohibited from tho exoreiso of any Divine oilico within any part of tho metropolitan province of Capetown. Dr. Colenso, who had secured sound legal advice before scuding his reply to the citation, appealed against this sentence nf deposi tion by petition of complaint to tbe Queen, as sovereign of tbe realm and head of the! Church of England. His petition was pre sented to the Queen in the spring of 1864, and referred to the judicial committee of the Privy Council. It was argued in the following' December. The counsel for the Bishop of Capetown, in support of the sentence, on these points : (1.) That thc Queen's Letters Patent conferring on him the office of Bishop of Capetown and Metropolitan, gave him authority to exercise coercivo jurisdiction over his suffragan Bishop, with no appeal but to the Archbishop of Canterbury ; (2), that the oath of canoni cal obedience to tho Bishop of Capotown, taken by tho Bishop of Natal, bound him aa a matter of contract, to submit to tho jurisdiction of the Metropolitan ; (3), that if none of those reasons were valid, the Bishop of Natal had no right to come to the sovereign asking for a declaration of invalidity ; as, in that case he might treat the sentence as a nullity and if necessary appeal to the civil tribunal at Natal to protect him against the con sequences of that sentence. Judgment was given on the 20th March, 1865, when the judges agreed in the following conclusion :-1. That the Letters Patent ap» pointing a bishop in a colony which had an in dependent Legislature had not the force of law. 2. That no coercive authority was con ferred by such Letters Patent. 3. That the oath of canonicial obedience taken by Dr. Colenso did not confer upon the Metropolitan jurisdiction over him. 4. That this was a question which the Queen had a right to decide. The conclusion of the matter was recorded in these Avords :-" Their lordships, therefore, will humbly report to her Majesty their judgment and opinion that the proceedings taken by the Bishop of Cape town, and the judgment or sentence pronounced by him against the j Bishop of Natal, are null and void in law," Thus ended thc attempt of the Metropolitan of the church in South Africa to exercise discipline upon his offending Suffragan. The .archbishop of Canterburywas urged to take action in the matter. But in consequence, as it seems, either of some doubt as to the justice and propriety of the course taken by the Bishop of Capetown, or of an apprehension that the laws of the realm would not bear him out in endeavouring to render Bishop Colenso amenable to ecclesiastical juiïsdiction, he has declined to interfere. And Bishop Colenso still continues in full possession of the dignity and power of the episcopate. The failure of this attempt to enforce dis cipline upon the Bishop of Natal aro sod strong feelings of disappointment and indig nation among churchmen. As an illustration of the sentiments entertained towards him by many of the clergy and lay members of his church, we subjoin 'ome stanzas, by a Rector, who thought that "just sarcasms," such, as Elijah used when ne mocked the Priests of i Baal, would be the most effective way of deal ing with " Bishop Colenso's plausible absur dities." (Tune-" Robinson Crusoe.") An arithmetic teacher, of Gospel no preacher, Worked on witli his ruler and pen so, That bound In red tape, he was sent to the Cape, As Bishop John William Colenso. But his fondness for figures was fatal To teaching the people of Natal ; For carly and lato making sums on a Blate, Couldn't make any Christians in Natal. CHORUS : Oh, for poor Bishop Colenso, Disinterested Bishop Colenso I His see he still keeps, and its benefits reaps ; So unearthly is Bishop Colenso. Bo ho scanned the Ave books With a pedant's smart looks, Full sure he had found a mare's nest, Sir ; For he fonnd that a priest could not carry a By himself, though ho did Iiis big best, Slr. But he uses his critical knife ill Quite misunderstanding tho *' hlphil "# Which means "to cause others" to do what him bothers, For such is the use of tho "hiphil," Clionus : Oh for poor Bishop Colenso, &c.; But sure 'twas a pity a critic so witty Wasn't present to number the dishes Of tho multitude fed on a few loaves of bread And a few insignificant Ashes. For he'd calculate all to a T, Sir, And tell you the thing could not be, Sir, That omnipotent Power could not make in an hour What takes a whole season to bo, Sir. But as that same lord, who did this by His word, Bears witness to Moses as true. Sir ; Though;the Bishop is loth to dishonour them both. If consistent, 'tis what he must do, Sir. So let him prove honest and true. Sir, No longer deceive me or you, Sir ; But come forth in Paine's guise, Say tho Bible's all lies I Not alone tito old books, but the new, Sir 1 CHORUS : But alas for poor Bishop Colenso t Should lie provo thus far honest with men so, His See ho can't keep, nor its benefits reap, But must sink down to simple Colenso. So as this would not do,-with Pusey and crew, They'll tell you our Church does not bind them ; Though her words are so plain, to escape them seems vain, Such wisdom as theirs need not mind thom. Oil what a skilful device, Sir I What critical wisdom, so nice. Sir 1 With Paine, and with Borne, her great truths to disown, Of lier income to get a good slice, Sir. Oh for poor Bishop Colenso, &c.; Besides the publications bearing on the great controversy in which he has been engaged, Bishop Colenso has written several works relat ing to practical questions connected with mis sions to the heathen. And from the ability he has shown in this part of his work, it is the more regretted, by those of his fellow-church men who regard him with mingled feelings of disapproval and sympathy, that ho has deemed it Iiis duty to turn away his attention from the work of evangelizing tho Zulu Kafirs of Natal, and strive to alter the current of religious thought in Christendom. * "niphll" is tho causative form of tho Hebrew verb, meaning, aa stated in the next lino of tho stanza, "to oauso others" to do tho act. 