TOWN TALK.-; . ?We observe that a passage in our leading article of yesterday, from want of 'pre cision of expression, did injustice to some of our contemporaries.' We said, " The Liberal party is " sold"-" sold" by its own representatives and its own papers." The, remark referred to metropolitan papers, which, claiming the confidence of the Liberal party, are yet doing their utmost -they, professedly Liberal paper."-to hand, over" the Government of the (Otritry to Messrs Francis, Langton, Gillie?, Kerferd, and others, the most inveterate opponents of the-Liberal cause. The engineer appointed by the Hon.jthe Commissioner of Railways to examine and report as to. the best outlet for the Black line of railway, was in consultation with Mr Young, the league's surveyor, yester day (Thursday), examining plans, -:&c.; They also took a walk over- some of the ground over which it i? proposed the rail way should pass, and will, we believe, commence active surveying operation this morning. Our readers will, we feel assured, be pleased to learn that Mr Bunce was decidedly better yesterday. His pulse was more regular, and in. fact he was better than he had been any time since attacked. Hopes are entertained by Dr Keid that he will live, but that he will ever be the same man be was before he became ill is doubtful. After the quarterly meeting of the Town Council yesterday (Thursday), in accord ance with ? the usual custom the mayor entertained the members of the corporation at a luncheon at the Town-hall. The aldermen and councillors, with a few ex ceptions, were accompanied by their wives, and a number of guests were present, making altogether about fifty ladies and gentlemen, who sat' down to an excellent spread, served up in Mr Bennett's best style. After the good things had been discussed, the mayor proposed the usual loyal toasts, which were duly drunk, Mr Morris proposed the "Army, Navy, and Volunteers,' to which Mr Winch, Super intendent of Police, suitably responded, and was followed by Councillor Couves. The toast of " The Parliament of Victoria," proposed by the Mayor evoked a speech from Mr Hopton. Alderman Wbitchell proposed " The Health of the Mayor," and made some highly eulogistic re marks on the able and energetic manner :n which the duties of the office had recently been discharged. The Mayor, in reply, acknowledged the assistance and support he had received from the members of the corporation in his present position. " The ex-Mayors, ex-Aldermen, and ex Councillors," followed. Messrs Mathews, Couves, Carpenter, and A. C. Macdoiiald responding. This was followed by the toasts of "The Alderman and Councillors," " The Visitors," " The Officers of the Corporation," " The Ladies,1' and " The Pressj"'all of which were suitably acknow ledged, and the company then-broke up. A young man. named William Morgan, employed at the Geelong Meat Preserving: Works, had a narrow escape from serious injury yesterday (Thursday.) He . was driving in some bullocks when his horse stumbled and fell, bringing Morgan, . who retained his seat, to the ground.: . In. con sequence of his injuries he was admitted to the Hospital, but on examination it was .found that he had escaped with some severe contusions of the left side. The wife of a farmer named Quinlan, residing near Freshwater Creek, Paraparap, met with a serious accident on Wednesday. She was driving'in a spring cart when the horse bolted, and the wheel coming in col lision with a fallen log, the vehicle was up-" set and she was thrown out. On being taken to the hospital yesterday (Thursday), it was found tliat her left shoulder' bone had been fractured. " A sermon was preached by his Lordship, the Bishop.of Melbourne, at Christ Church, yesterday (Thursday).- The text was from Acts, cuap. i verses 9, 10 and 11, relating to the ascension of our Lard. The various celebrations of the modern church were re ferred to, and his Lordship expressed the hope that Ascension Day would be restored to its proper place as a religious festival. There were many reasons for its due ob servance in common with Christmas, Easter and Good Friday. It. was the close of Christ's ; ministry on earth, and if they commemorated the beginning of that ministry so should they the end. The 24th Psalm prophetically proclaimed the glory of that ascension. On that day the earihly ministry of our Lord terminated, and His heavenly ministry began. This heaveniy ministry was important and necessary, for without it the work of redemption could not be completed. It was after his ascension that Christ, assuming the office of High Priest, became mediator, and was enabled to dispense the gift of the Holy Ghost in accordance with his deserts. The glory of the Ascension gave a faint idea of the glory' in which the Lord shall re appear. -Before concluding, his Lordship made an earnest appeal on behalf of the Chinese mission. He remarked that in no better way could Christians express their thankfulness for divine mercies than by seeking to extend Christ's Kingdom upon earth, besides which it was made an imperative duty. There were thousands of these heathens in the colony, und it might be that they were brought hither in order that they might be: christianised, and made the means whereby the gospel could be disseminated in their native land. After referring to the success of the Chinese missions already established, his Lordship concluded by requesting the members of the church to contribute libe rally towards the object of furthering the work of this mission. An occasional Lodge named the Royal Corio of the Ballar^t District Grand United Order of Oddfellows was opened on Thursday evening at the Blue Po9ts Hotel, Yarra-street, by D.M. Bro. Davies, DS. Bro. Pye, assisted by P.F.N. Bro llichards, G.C.M. Bro. Kelly, Bro. Browj, and Bro. Berry. Fourteen members were initiated. G.C.M. Kelly apologised for the unavoid absence of several candidates who had signed the requisition for the opening of the above Lodge. The Lodge was then formally opened, and the following officers duly installed :-To the office of Secre tary, Bro. Hooley ; V.G., Bro. Taylor; N.G., Bro. Bulluss; Treasurer, Bro. Kelley; Warden, Bro Fawcett; Trustees, Bros. Bulluss and Taylor; Minor Officers, Bros. Ilnrninerton, Dew, Clark, and Stan ley. G.C.M. Kelley was then appointed by the District Officers to watch over and instruct the Lodge for the first three months. The District Master, Bro. Davies, then took occasion to congratulate the Lodge in having such an efficient officer to instruct them in all matters connected with Lodge business as G.C..VL Bro. Kelley. AfUirjsome formal business had been gone through, the Lodge closed in the usual manner. The assembly then sat down to an excellent supper, provided by host Stanley, to which ample justice was done. After which a short address was delivered by P.F.N, Bro. Richards, several pongs tuDg, and tgAets propoesd Travellers on the roads leading out of town will be pleased to notice that the practice of carters and draymen returning from town on a dark night without lights was brought prominently under the notice of the Town Council on Thursday fay Alderman Levy, who argued that every vehicle driven through the town or along a road ought to subject its owner to a fine if not provided with lamps. It is probable that at the next meeting of the Council the hackney carriage committee will bring up a report embodying Aldermen Levy's views on the subject. This bye-law, however, will be inoperative outside the bounda ries of the town, and it will behove the neighbouring shire councils to follow up the action of the council. The danger of driving along the main roads at nights ha» been pointed out scores of times in this paper. During winter it is abso lutely dangerous to drive into town on the Colac. road after dark, owing to the great number of woodcarters and others returning from Greeloog, few of whom care about keeping their own side of the road, many preferring the centre, and a good sprinkling being partial to a snooze in their drays, while their horses find the way home the best way they can. The Corio Cricket Club handicaps were well discussed in pedestrians circles yester day, and that they were considered good was sufficiently proved by the fact that there were many favourites for each event. Strachan, if anything, was in most demand for the cup, but Crotty, Pompey and Carr were also considered " well in." Strickland and Wills had the call in the Ladies Cup liace; Anderson in the 440 yds flat race; Gullan, Pompey, Wills, and Thomas were equal favourites for the Hurdle Race, and lieaaett and Strickland, for the ISO yds flat! race. It was expected from the remarks made at the Council meeting, a short time sjro, that the proposal to convert Chilwell Flat into a park, would meet with a very strong opposition. In fact, many thought the pro posal would be negatived. It will be seen, however, that several councillors, in de ference to a very general wish expressed by the burgesses, altered their minds, and on Thursday voted for the formation of the park. .The advisability of throwing Johnstone Park open : to the public on a Sunday was strongly urged by Cr. Ryan at the meeting of'the Town Council on Thursday, but after a discussion it was decided to wait until the public works' committee had re ported upon the subject. Cr. Pardey said that if only kept open on week days the park was virtually provided for nurse girls and a few private individuals, tradesmen anil, their employes could not nnd time except on a Sunday. The objection raised towards opening the park on a Sabbath was, that there would be no men at work there to prevent destruction, and one coun cillor remarked that it did no good to the rising generation giving them too many opportunities of destruction. - How dif ferently things: can be managed on the Continent, where the people would rise in arms if their public gardens we're closed on the only day that they could visit them. The following properties recently sold by Messrs Johii Carr aud Co. show that property in the vicinity of Geelong is not declining in value, viz:-Brick residence, Kai-dinia, and 04 acres of land with 80 acres on the Valley road, £975; 220 acres at the Anakies,.improved, £340; 100 acres on the Colac road, improved, £2G0 , 80 acres, Duneed, improved, £225; 10S acres, Anakies, improved, £320; 10 acres in Germantown, £100 ; 38 acres in Connewarre, ' with residence, £350; 25 acres in Connewarre, £80; 11G acres in G-aerang, £145; 18 acres niar FyausforJ, £300 ; 80 acres, improved, near Steiglitz, £160 ; 20 acres in Moolap, improved, £80; 2 acres, Heme Hill, improved, £120; Go vernment allotment on the Eastern Beach, £250; 155 acres, Modewarre, im proved, £280; 44 feet frontage by 6G feet depth, with cottage, in Swanston- street, £100; and several small cottage pro perties at satisfactory rates. Messrs Carr and Co. state that considerable in, terest has been shown by old residents lately in the number of sales effected of hiuded property, evincing, as recent prices most undoubtedly do, the gradual advance of prosperity and confidence in the town. Cottage . properties and small farms have lately been sold at prices that at this time last year would have been considered very high. Among other sales, Mr Davison has recently sold to Mr \V. 11. H. Weekes and Mr J. G. Carr. the whole of the unfenced frontage'on the north side of Elizabeth street, running from Latrobe terrace to Pakington street, comprising upwards of 735 feet, at a satisfactory price. The well-known adage, that " there is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip," .has rarely been better exemplified than it was by an accident that occurred yesterday (Thursday). A love-sick young widower, who resides in the vicinity of the Break Water, and is constantly employed at the most extenive tanneries in that neighbour hood, has, for a considerable time past been ardently striving to forget the sorrows of the departed, by reuniting himself in the holy bonds to a young and blooming damsel, whose beauty had attained in his eyes some what fascinating proportions, and who lived in a retired retreat among the tall reeds that luxuriate in the valley of the Barwon. After a brief period of wooing in which all the arts that experience could suggest were, of course, resorted to, the young widower proposed to the belle of the village, and to his infinite joy was accepted. Matters havingsofar succeeded the day was named and the wedding celebration and festivities arranged, as only those who have passed through the ordeal once know how *o arrange them. Everything that could be suggested was done, even to the engagement of the clergyman in Geelong to perform the solemn rite, and yesterday in the presence of friends and relatives the happy couple were to be united. . On the previous even ing, however, the young lady found that Sijtne little extra adornments were wantin", and to provide for these deficiencies, ac companied by her intended mother-in-law, she arrived in town yesterday morning, her affianced having previously ar ranged to meet them at the church where the rest: -of their friends would be assembled. . On "starting she received an'order for £5 10s on the firm with whom >'the .widower is employed, and half a sovereign from the youth's mother. In due time, both of them reached Geelong, and the order was speedily changed into hard cash. The young lady then continued to get,.her .friend' to select some floivera, &c.;,in one of the millinery establishments, while she/ herself made a visit to a jewel ler's in quest of a pair of ear-rings. They parted, aud this was the last glimpse that was seen of the intended bride by her would-be relatives. la vain the mother in-law in prospective searched up and down, among the drapery warehouses and jeweller's shops of Moorabool street, and when the important hour arrived, and the bridegroom with his relatives, in blushing expectation, awaited at the church door the advent of the fuir qne, the truth that some thing serious was tile matter began at length to dawn They lingered about the porch till long past the hour appointed, but still no bride appeared. A search party was next instituted, and after many aud anxious enquiries it was at length elicited that a young maiden in wedding robes bad taken her departure by the midday train for Ballarat. The bereaved one was incon solable, and his relatives have since been consulting the police as to their difficulties, but what can they do ? Those who remember Mr E. W. Cook, formerly of this town, will be pleased to learn that he is achieving success in his art as a painter in water colours. A proof of this is to be seen at Mr Frank's in the shape of a little picture entitled " A. Quiet Nook," a view on Lake Tc Atiau, New Zealand. The members of the Geelong Young Men's Association gave two entertainment last evening-one at the Myers-street, thi other at the Eyrie-street Industrial Schools, at each of which the songs, recitation?, and readings were very much enjoyed by tin children, who also did good service bj singing several part songs in a manner very creditable to the tewhers of the re-' ppective ECUqqU. I A tall, slovenly-looking man named James Howell Thomas, was brought up at the Police Court on Thursday and char«e(l with making use of ahu-ive and iusulting languaze to Constable Rabilly, and also with vagrancy. In support of the first charge the constable stated that between twelve and one o'clock on the previous night he saw the prisoner vainly endeavouring to gain admittance to the Ship Iun in Yarra street,- and on approaching him was insult ingly saluted as a " trap" and " one of f he persecutors of mankind." The evidence respecting the second charge was to the effect that the prisoner had done no work since he arrived in Geelong about six months ago, and that latterly he had become trou blesome; going about public-houses begging. No corroborative evidence was produced. The prisoner stated that ho arrived 111 the colony, from Wales, on the 1st December last, and since then had been working for a few weeks at the meat preserving works, but his services were dispensed with, and he found it difficult to get employment. He was, however, ia receipt of remittances from home, and had received the sum of £10 by the last mail, which he had since contrived to spend. Mr Conves, who presided, informed him that if he wished to keep himself out of trouble he would, re quire to cultivate more prudent and imlnstrinl hnhifq_ SInrl hv wnv nf teach ing him a salutary lesson for future guid ance, sent him to gaol for a fortnight. [This appears a most extraordinary and illegal decision. No proof whatever is pro duced of the use of abusive and insulting language, .for it would be absurd so to re gard. the terras applied to the constable ; and the charge of vagrancy is disproved by the fact of the police not being able to deny that the man had worked, and also received a remittance from England. The man's character may be anything, but it cannot be worse than the decision on his case.] The annual meeting of shareholders in the Western Sea Bathing Company is to be held on the 17th inst. It is expected there'will be a numerous attendance of plavers at the opening match of the Geelong Quoit Club, which is to be played on the Crown Hotel quoit ground to-morrow. The ensuing-season promises to be a very busy one, as it is proposed to form clubs at Chilwell, Ballarat, and Portarlington. "VVe have been requested to call attention to Mr C. K. Pearson's advertisement with reference to the importation of watches made to order upon a principle introduced by Mr Pearson. The Post states that a nasty accident occurred on "Wednesday night, at about six o'clock,. oa the Selntopol road, near tLe Hand of Friendship Hotel. A buggy was proceeding along the thoroughfare named at a good pace, when the wheels came in contact with a heap of road metal, the shock throwing the driver from his seat over the side of the trap ia front of the wheels. . He hung head downwards, his legs being fixed in the buggy, and continued in this position while the horse weni on at a trot for about one hundred yards,when' an employee ot the Post office, named -Alexander Dean, pluckily caught the horse and pulled him up. Two men then came up, and took the unfortunate gentleman into the hotel named, where every attention was paid to him. It was found that the injuries, though of a paiu ful character, were not serious, the face being cut about a good deal. After some rest and refreshment, the driver was suffi ciently recovered to be able to resume his journey to his home at the Whim Holes ?' A brigade order notifies that in conse quence of the review at Ballarat there will be no review of the "Volunteer force in, Melbourne on the Queen's Birthday. A report reached Ballarat on Thursday afternoon, says the Mail, that a woman named Anguin, resident on Soldiers'Hill, had attempted to commit suicide by cutting her throat, but at too late an hour to en able it to gain particulars. An application was made to the. Com missioner of Public Works on "Wednesday, by a deputation from the Bellarine shire, introduced by Mr Levien, M.L.A., for the exsension of the telegraph system to Drys dale. Mr O'Grady promised that it should have favourable consideration, inasmuch as the cost would not be more than £350. Circulars have been forwarded to the various Clerks of Petty Sessions,1 instruct ing them to furnish the Solicitor-Geneial with returns specifying the number of com mittals utider fraud summonses in their respective districts, with the amount of debt in each ease, and statements as to whether the amounts were paid before the expiration of the term. of imprisonment, and other particulars. "We regret having to announce,".says Wednesday night's Bendigo News, " as a fatnl result of the recent boiler explosion at the Catherine Reef, the d.ath of Samuel' Jackson, the engine-driver, who was so severely scalded by the steam and other wise iujured by the fall of bricks and tim ber. But little hope9 were entertained of his recovery from the time' he was admitted to the hospital, where he died yesterday." At the sittings of the Commission of the Presbyterian Church Assembly, on Wed nesday, the case of the Rev. J. W. Inglis was finally disposed of. A report from a committee, which had been appointed to confer with Mr Inglis was brought up and adopted. This report stated that Mr Inglis had made a full confession of both plagiarism and equivocation, and after some discussion Mr Inglis was " solemnly rebuked from the moderator's chair." A motion recommend ing three months' suspension from minis terial duty was negatived by a small ma jority. The board which was recently taking evidence in regard to the Western Port coalfield, has, the Argus says, terminated its labours. The Talbot Leader is right when it says that " it may not be generally known that the Governor in Council has reduced the rent upon land held under the 49tb section by one half, that is to the same amount a3 is paid for land held under the 19th section. Mr S." Stewart has obtained the con cession." " . The'Argus "mentions that one or two greyhounds hovebeen imported lately, of which great things have been spoken; and a brace just brought out in the clipper ship Jerusalem are expected to distance all previous aspirants to coursing fame. The dog Cumloden is white-and-fawn, and is by Tullochgorum (own brother to King Death, winner of Waterloo Cup and purse, 1864), by Canaradego, winner of Waterloo Cud, 1861; dam Maida, by Lewis out of Huvara; Iluvara, bji Sackcloth, winner of Waterloo Cup, 1854: Sackcloth, bv Senate. winner of Waterloo Cup, 1844. The Blut Lais is by Cauld Kail out of Bonnie Jean, sister to Lancaster $ .Cauld Kail, by Union Jack out of ScotiaVThistle; Bonnie Jean, by Cardinal York out of Iluvara, by Sack cloth (winning Waterloo Cup, 1854,) out of j Winnefred. Lais divided Wigtonshire St Leger Stakes of 1870, and ia 1871 won three,courses in the Waterloo Cup. Both dogs are of the finest strains in England. The statement that Captain Meade, of the U.S. man-of-war the Naragansett, had annexed, the Navigator's Islands, is not borne ont by further information to hand, and published in the S. A. Register. It has transpired that Captain Meade has only secured Pngopago Harbor as a coaling station for Webb's line of steamers, and as a naval station for the U.S. ships of war that are to cruise in these seas to protect American commerce, and look after the interests of the natives against kidnap pers. Mauga, the chief, has signed an agreement to grant the harbour to be used in this way, and engages not to grant the same privilege to uny other nation, so that he is now safe from thing he feared- seizure by the Prussians. He does not cede an inch of territory, and the chief's laws are to be respected Already Mr Webb's agents have bought laud tor a wharf, and possibly this will be made a coaling station and United States Government depot. There is only one danger in making the harbour-viz., a rock, on which there is only about 10 feet of water, at the entrance. There is plenty i.f room on each side of it for ships of large draught of water. A vessel once in the harbour is m safi? aa in a gignaU« 