HE RUB 1 RING. , like a drop of blood, or a e of crimson dew from the of a royal rose, it plowed on Tressley's finger as sbe sat in lightofherown curtained room, he dusk gathered darkly round be white wilderness of the storm howled without: only a ling, a plain band of gold, with ewel sparkling in its centre, iMabel Tressely it meant so so much ! nder, fragile looking girl, with ue eyes and hair of a rich red he bad blossomed into beauty he knew it, and when Mrs wrote the pretty perfumed king her to come and spend as at the old Hall, with a party of young people ssembled, nobody was more ed than Mabel herself. sure I don't know why they want me/' said the little girl, en her innocent heart gave a within her, as she remembered cciyn was to be a guest there e bought a blue silk dress, "-trimmed the rose-colored , and wrote a note of accepo the grand lady at the Hall; at is liow it happened that she itting in the fire light that December night, with the ight in her violet blue eyes, e red ring sparkling on her ger. it did seem strange < that 'ocelyn should care for her, ere were so many rich and adies surrounding him, and such an insignificant thing, i could not be mistakeu. As ood there in the embrasure of -window, with the rustle of rinents and the raurmer of oices around them, he had the golden circlet on her finwispered : annot say to you now all that y heart, M jibel, but you must een how dearly I have learned you. And with this ring, ~y mother's betrothal jewel, heart. If you wear it,' I now-"aH is"weH';' if you return fthen the solt, ^aristocratically ted . voice of Genevra St he pretty heiress from Hampbroke upon their tete-d-tite, i could only steal away to her with burning checks and pg heart, to be alone with her happiness, her new-bom lingered long in the conserthat evening, when the lamps like clouded moons among the yrtles, roses, and slender ed Eastern lilies, half hoping alph Jocelyn might come to ain, but he did not. Genevra rl kept him at her side all the g, and even in - the fulness ol appiness Mabel Tressley felt a of something not unlike sy. Genevra was beautiful,- with a glowing | type, and moreover «vas a finished little coquette, early loved to flirt, and Mabel not forgethow many hundreds ousands of dollars she was h. hat a little goose you are!' she enly apostrophized herself, bel Tressley, I'm ashamed of nd so, to banish the uncomfortthoughts that began , to flit «gh her mind, she busied herself atheririg the tiniest of bouquets— ingle cream-hearted rose, a stem arnations, a few scented sprigs of sweet geranium, and a cluster of delicious white daphnes, and tying tliem with a blue ribbon she had worn round her throat: ' Charley !' she said to a softlystepping, mild-looking man who was hurrying past the conservatory door, on his way from the dining-room. 'Charley!' ' Yes, Miss.' 'Take these flowers — stay a minute until I tie my card to the ribbon—there, take them to Mr Jocelyn's room and lay them on his table.' ' Yes, Miss,' said Charley, with a quiet smile, for Charley had'not been, deprived of the use of his eyes, and Charley knew perfectly well how much Mr Jocelyn admired Miss Tressley. And' Mabel smiled softly to herself, in the perfumed twilight of the conservatory, to think of Ralph Jocelyn's pleasant surprise when he should find this lovely memorial of herself in his room. ' I won't say anything about it,' she thought, 'hot even if I get a chance to speak to him again to-night.' But she did pot get the chance- Once, indeed, after Genevra St Earl had nodded an airy little good evening, and gone up stairs to bed, Mr Jocelyn approached the corner where she sat pretending to work worsteds, but, as she raised her eyelids with a shy, unspokeu welcome in her eyes, he suddenly turned away and betook himself to quite a different part of the room. Mabel was disappointed, for she had been awaiting this moment with almost feverish expfectalion, but she went on sorting the blue and yellow wools, and listening to old Mrs Parsley's weak, wandering talk, with patient, smiling martyrdom. Yes, martyrdom, for it is not in the Book of Martyrs that you find all the suffering victims. They pass you in the street, they sit opposite you at the dinner table, and exchange greetings with you in the public places; but they wear the seal of their martyrdom hidden, like Mabel Tressley, in their own hearts. ' It's very strange,' said Ralph Jocelyn to himself, as, he went slowly upstairs to his own • room. 'Have I been so: utterly in error in reading the language of her heart'? Does -she not love me, ..after,, all.? I spoke with quite sufficient explicitnessjabout the ring, a,nd yet-——' lie paused suddenly, as he beheld in the softened radiance of the shaded lamp a bunch of delicate hot-house flowers lying on the table, tied with blue ribbon, to the end of which was attached a little card. " Mabel Tressley," he read, in lightly pencilled Italian character. ' She has sent them to me Involuntarily he pressed his lips to the sweet-scented darlings of the hot-house, but as he did so, he recoiled as suddenly as if a tiny adder, lurking among the blossoms, had stung him with envenomed fangs. For there, caught among the budding stems of the cream-yellow rose, something red and translucent had flashed like a fiery eye—the ruby-ring. - r . ' Ah !', h,c muttered, in dry, husky, accents*-* so the riddle is Solved. She has returned it to me; she does not love tne. after all. Well, perhaps it is just as well—-just—as—well.' He spoke slowly and mechanically, as one might speak under the pressure of great physical pain, and the-'blear, healthy glow of his cheek had turned , to a dull, sickly yellow. Mr Jocelyn had not spoken the truth—it ^tfjflgt-as well i Mabel Tressley was gathering up her 'basket of bright-coloured wools to retire for the night sick at heart,' and wearied of the recital of Mrs Parsley's ,list of ailments and aches, when happening to glance downward she missed'her ring. She uttered' a slight exclamation of dismay. Old Mrs Parley nodded her head. * I don't wonder you're surprised,' croaked tljg old lady. 'I was surprised at it myself. Or. Simpkius said he never had seen so malignant a carbuncle in his life. Seven days and seven nights, my dear, I ' ' Excuse me, ma'am,' faltered Mabel. ' I—I have lost something!' And she hurried away to search in all the places where she had been that evening for the missing treasure, while the old lady sat very upright and offended, with the story of the malignant carbuncle buthalfeomplete. Through the dining-room—in the dusky seclusion of the curtained window—beside Mrs Vernon's goldwired harp,, and in the conservatroy, where the dim light still burned like clouded nioohs, ifnd the varnished green of tropic leaves made you think of the Eastern thickets—yet all iii vain. 'The ruby ring was gone, and Mabel Tressley could form 110 conjecture as to how or when it had slipped from her finger. ' Shall I go to Ralph and tell him exactly how it happened?' she thought, with one hand pressed tightly 8 over her beating heart. ' No ; that would be scarcely maidenly Yet—yet ' And then Mabel sat down on the low rustic seat where the starry myrtle blossoms touched her forehead with their cooling fingers, and burst into tears. ' But I will see him the first tiling in the morning,' thought po.»r little Mabel as she crept up-sUirs to her room. The resolution was more easily taken than earned into execution, as Mabel found to her griel. Mr Jocelyn's greeting ol I he next morning was cold as il the biting chill of the Deccinber frost had penetrated his voice, manner, and nature, and the words of explanation died away on the girl's lips. Moreover he devoted himself ex pres.si v to Genevra St. Earl. . " The flirtation grew and prospered ; so much so, in fact, that on the evening of the next day-Mr Jocelyn proposed to the heiress in due form. * For I'll have 110 more sentimental nonsense about rings,' he said mentally. ' Marry you iu^eed !' cried Miss Genevra, with a toss of her jetty ringlets. ' Of course I won't—how can I, when I'm engaged already ?' 4 But what shall I do ?' ' Do ? Why go aud make love to that little Tressley rose bud. Any one with half an eye can see that she is bewitched about you.' Mr Jocelyn curled his lip bitterly. ' You are mistaken there,' he said. ' She does not love me—no, nor ever will.' ' Just ask her and see.' So the heiress ran out to get a bunch of holly berries to wreath in among her black tresses, and Mr Jocelyn was left all alone. ^ He was -turtriijjjg. /slowlyr; away, when a light footstep on the 'stairway beyond fell on his ears; it was Mabel Tressley flitting by, like a pale, downcast ghost. ' Mabel,' he said. She turned, with a deep red pennon of color fluttering athwart her cheek. ' Good-bye Mr Jocelyn,' she said, meekly, extending her cold little hand 'I am going home.' » ' Home ?' , 'Yes, I'm tired of this gay life and over-mcrrimfent,' and she tried to smile. 'And I think a little quiet would be good for me. But before 1 go, Mr Jocelyn, I wish to tell you how very sorry I am about the ring that it is lost!' ' Lost, Mabel ?' ' I don't know how it slipped from my finger ; I can't imagine how it was that I never missed it until the end of the evening, but -' It is not lost, Mabel See !' and he drew out his watch chain with the red jewelled ring hanging from its little bunch of charms. She clasped her hands together. ' Oh! where did you find it ?' * Among the flowers, Mabel; in the little boquet you sent me, and I fancied that you meant to return it, a token that you cared nothing for my love ' ' ' ' Why did you not tell me of this before, Mabel ?' ' How could I, when—when you had no eyes for any one but Genevra St. Earl ?' ' Oh, Ralph ! never!' v 'Mabel, darling —you do love me then?' " Low as her answer was, his strained ear caught the sweet monosyllable ' Yes,' and he drew her close to his breast with a thrill of happiness. 'Genevra St. Eb-1 !' He arched his eyebrows. 'Do you know, Mabel, that I have asked Genevra St. Earl to be my wife ?' She withdrew herself from his encircling arm, with a little low cry. ' And,' went on Jocelyn, calmly, ' she has refused me. I'm very glad of it. I don t know what woiild become of me if she had said, ' Yes When Miss Tressley appeared at the dinner-table that evening the ruby ring was once more on her tote-finger, and Mr Jocelyn sat, with a sort of proud proprietorship in his air, beside her. And Genevra St. Earl, with e. mischievous sparkle of the eyes, leaned across the table and whispered, in a tone inaudible to all but Ralph Jocelyn e Didn't I tell you so ?' 