THE MINISTRY AND THE COUNTRY. what ballarat thinks of the new combination. (FROM THE STAR, 17TH JANUARY.) a Melbourne paper nas ciiscovorea tuau the conjunction of Messrs. Gillies, Bent, and W. C Smith at a tea meeting, portends dinger tn tho Ministry. Had that paper only known that Mr. \Y. Clarke, M.L.A., more popularly known as Bogus, was also present ou that occasion of strong tea aud weak speeches, it might hao been still greater and moro terrible signs and portents of a coming danger. Wo confess, however, that we saw noue. It iho Ministry i3 in danger through a now conjunction of parlia mentary stars oi various magnitudes, it has not yet found a Calphumia to re late to it what sho related unto Caisir. No lion whelpod in tho AHred-hali, or in tho streets adjacent. "Tho noise of the battlo " did not "hurtle ia tho air," but there was, on tho contrary, a placidity which was im movable by ordinary appeals. Truly the ghosts of cortain long-dead quarrelo did "shriek and squeal about " the place, but they had not tho virtue of the Spiritist rap, sad could not move the audience ortho tables at which they sat. Tho political Sidrophels tried hard but could see nothing. Thero wa3 not oven " a comet, aud without a beard," to alarm or amuso thorn, and tho young ladies in eager waiting for tho dance calmly listened, a»d no doubt marvelled greatly at what they heard. So far as the meeting at the Altred-hall goes, tho Ministry is quite safe. There was, iu fact, no demonstration against it. Even the orator of tho evening, as tho American papers have it, carefully hedged, and only threatened opposition in cue he should find the Ministry very ob durate. This boing interpreted moans — nothing. The orator was not there to make or mar the Ministry, but for quite another purpose, which may be discovered by those whotake the trouble to read what was spokcu. Is it necessary to say that the whole business as a political demonstration meant nothing 1 The few voters who wero present were not | opposed to tho Ministry, did not elteor the attacks, such ,13 they wero, made upott it, but just took tho whe le thing as tho usual sort of long.vac3tion demonstration, to enable an honorable member to keep his merits before , his constituents. Nor is it fair to tho other members present to make thorn responsible for what Mr. Smith said. They wont to see aud be eee.ij, to hear but not to bo heard, aud they enn hardly bo held to be account able for wliat Mr. Smith deemed it desirable or politic to say. In short, there was nothing ia it. There was no demonstration of any I kind, and, certainly, none against tho Minis- I try. So, if any supporter of the Ministry I has been alarmed, lot him be rc. assured aud I look to the "banquets" announced, rather I than to a tea-meeting whioh is past and I already forgotten. 