Scientific Notes. 'THE Defensive Eesources of British Insects,' is the title of an article which appears in Science Gossip for November last, a portion of which we shall abridge in the present note. The writer vouches for some extraordinary facts. Speaking of the tenaoity of life observable in some species, he says he had seen a moth (Spilosoma menthastri) when deprived of head, thorax, legs, and wings, so that nothing but tho abdo men remained, continue to oxude its eggs for a long . time, and not till this act for the perpetuation of its species had been completed did the convulsions of the dismembered body cease. If cats have nine lives surely beetles have ninety-nine. Cockchaffers, dor beetles, and wasps, may sometimes be seen alive though destitute of viscera, and moths and flies headless, but still lively, are very common occurrences. The heads of many dragon flies are terribly armed, and their bites are very severe. Some species of them are cannibals, and eat eaoh other. Some of the grass hoppers bite severely, and will readily seize a finger when presented to them ; so, also, will any of the ants. The bites of the red and the wood ants are often followed by pain ful blisters. The attacks of the gnat and the mosquito are too well-known to need description. The caterpillar of the puss moth carries at the end of its body two black sheaths or tails, each enclosing a pinkish tentacle qr thread, which, when the oreature is irritated, it thrusts out in a very menacing manner. This apparatus is said to bo used as a whip to drive away the ichneumon flies which prey intheir larval state on caterpillars. Tho bom bardier beetle is provided with a kind of artillery with which to keep at bay its insect enemies. On being alarmed it turns its hinder part to (the enemy, and lets fly a charge of blank cart ridge, having all the essentials of real artillery-namely, a noise accompanied with smoke, and a peculiar smell. If one discharge is not sufficient, it fires again. It has been known to fire twenty times in succession. Tho explosivo substance is a fluid contained within tho body, which, on being ejected, become volatilized by contact with tho atmos phere. The death's head hawk-moth omits a shrill squeak when alarmed, and this, it is said, is sufficient to scare even the plundered bees, when the moth, too lazy to obtain honey in the usual way, creeps into tho rioh hives for that purpose. The whole family of lady-birds or coccinellidto on being alarmed, fold up their legB, and counterfeit death, at the same time emitting from the joints of the limbs a mucilaginous, disagreeably-smelling, yellow iluid. Many other insects counterfeit death. Birds rarely banquet on dead game, and heneo such insects as counterfeit death often esoape destruction. Timarohia tenebricosa and T. coriaria, two bloody-nosed beetles on hoing handled or alarmed, exude from the head a bright coloured iluid which they sometimes eject with such violence ns to produce a smart pain. The oil beetle, Prosoarabams vulgaris, if taken up in the hand will fold its legs and emit from tho joints a clear yellow oil. Tho caterpillar of the cabbage white and peacock butfcerilos exude a fluid from the mouth when irritated, and the wood ant, Forinioa heroulanea, can dart a venomous fluid which will raise a blister on ! the skin. Some insects have the power of emittin» most disgusting stenches while others are able to dh charges odours which, although pleasant to men ats probably very offensive to their insect enemies. Manv of the hairy caterpillars on being alarmed curl np into a ring and fall to the ground, leaving the stiff spines to project on every side as a defence from attack on the more vital parts. The almost impenetrable coat of tha hairy caterpillar is a capital means of defence, and ii no doubt the reason why so few of these insects fall victims to ichneumon punctures. Another protective resource of insects is'' their rapid zigzag motions well exemplified in the leaps of that pest of the Australian household the common flea, and also in the zigzag motions of butterflies. The ghost moth flutters over the herbage in meadows and fields during summer evenings disclosing its white upper wings, then sud. denly settles on a stalk closes its white wings and presents to the spectators only its dark hinder ones {. thus appearing to vanish almost magically from the % sight. A great number of insects hop or leap with ' great force, as do the grasshoppers, the skipjack beetles § the soarlet hoppers and the little gilded hopping beetles & found on the leaves of tho elm, the willow, and tha ^ hazel. Many insects resemble other carefully avoided b insects. The hornet moth is often mistaken for the "' , ferocious crabro, itsj namesake, the currant clear wing $ is quite aa likely to be mistaken for a gnat or fly, and >1 the humble bee-fly is like the insect after whioh it is ^ named only that it does not possess a sting, The '! ' humming bird hawk moth of England when on the wing t is so like a humming bird that people familiar with the s true bird are liable to mistake the moth for one. The manner of flight, manner of S feeding and general appearance of this insect \l ia very similar to that of the humming bird, a Tho birdlike the moth hovers over the flower, and f with its slender bill, similar to the haustellum or sucker of the moth, extracts its food. The tail of the bird is well represented in the moth by a feathery process at the end of the body, and the wings hum and vibrate like those of the tiny bird. Some of the ;; looper caterpillars have the art of stretching out and t stiffening their bodies into the forms of shoots and twigs, and aB their colours generally harmonizo with the leaves ..' and branches, the deception is often so complete that [j persons have unwittingly gathered caterpillars when I they meant to gather twigs from sheer inability to !;' distinguish one from the other. In somo cases cater- t I pillars bear on their bodies, crooks, humps, and even thorns. Some insects resembles leaves. The lappet moth resembles a bunch of leaves when it settles ona branch, and the lime hawk moth when hanging to à twig resembles a prematurely faded leaf. These are a few of the defensive resources of insects sketched by the author of the paper referred to whoso remarks we have greatly abridged. In Silliman's American Journal of Science for Sep. tember last, there is an article on the testimony of the spectroscope to the truth of the nebular hypothesis, by Professor Daniel Kirkwood, of Indiana. This article is copied in the Philosophical Magazine for November, whence we shall extract as much of it as may appear to us to be interesting to general readers. The writer says that in March, 1S46, the partial resplution of the great nebula in Orion was announced by Lord Bosse. In September 1847, the late Professor W. 0. Bond, of Harvard University Btated that the part of the nebula about the Trapezium had been resolved into bright points of light, by the great refractor of Cambridge.* 'It should be borne in mind,' continued Professor Bond, ' that this nebula and that of Andrómeda have been the last stronghold of the nebular theory-that is, the idea, first thrown out by the elder Hersohell, of masses of nebulous matter in process of condensation into systems.' These grand achievements were regarded by tho majority of astronomers as fatal to the claims of the nebular hypothesis. The spectros cope, Professor Kirkwook thinks, has reversed this condition of affairs, and in the hands of such men ai Huggins, Secchi, and Young, has yielded results whioh substantiate the Laplacian hypothesis. The ring nebula in (Lyra, the Dumbell nebula, the great nebula ia Orion, and others whioh might be named, are not, as was but recently believed, extremely remote sidereal clusters ; but their light undoubtedly emanates from matter in a gaseous form. According to Lord Bosse and Professor Bond, the brighter parts in the trapezium i jg (in the nebula or ; Orion) consist of clustering stars. í If this be the true appearance of the nebula under if great telescopio power, then these discrete points of I light must indicate separate and probably denssr portion j. of the gas, and that the whole nebula is to be regarded [' rather as a system of gaseous bocues than as an un* | broken vaporous mass. Progressive changes in the j; physical condition of certain nebula are clearly indi- I oated by the fact that nuclei have been established \ whioh, as shown by their spectra, are not wholly gaseous, but have passed, at least partially, to the solid or liquid form. The spectroscopic analysis of the light of several comets reveals a constitution similar to that of the gaseous nebulas. The Professor concludes therefore that the spectroscope has demonstrated the present existence of immense nebulous masses, suoh as'that from which Laplace supposed the solar system to have been been derived. It has shown, moreover, a progressive change in their physloal structure, in accordance with tho views of the same astronomer. In short, the Professor thinks that the evidence in favour of the nebular hypothesis is cumulative and of itself sufficient to give the nebular hypothesis a high degree of probability. It ought not, however, to be forgotten by the readers of this note that the views held by philoso phers of the present day respecting potential and kinetio energy and the development and laws of heat are in many respects different from tho views held in the dayB of Laplace, and that hence supposing the main foots of the Laplacian hypothesis should be established, that is, that in the regions of space nebulous matter is gradu ally condensing intojglobes, still the hypothesis in many of its minor features would require to bo- modi* fled. Captain Eldridge of the Eoliptic, at Newoastle, has introduced a now dial for indicating the amount of dead weight on any vessel. It is thus described in the Chronicle :-Passing upwards through tho timbers tf a small tubo three- eighths of an inch in diameter, com municating with the water tho vossel floats in, and permitting it to ascend a 4A-inoh pipe, in whioh there is a float. This float is attached to a chain, which chain passes over a drum, and then (having a compen sating weight on its end) descends another pipe two and a half inches in diameter that does not communicate with the vessel's outside. The drum, set revolving by the motion of tho chain, causes some simple clockwork mechanism inside its casing to inovo the hand on tho face of an indicating dial. Tho vessel then having a clean swept hold, tue water, passing up the larger pipe, lifts tho float to her lino of flotation ; tho dial hand stands at zero. AB cargo, or water from a leak, passes into the hold, tne hand gradually moves round, and indioates, ton lor ton, tho increased weight thus given. Of so delicate a naturo is the mechanism employed, and so accurate tue indication, that in the case of the Ecliptic tho mere foot of three men stepping on to tho ship's deck sensibly affected it, cabing the hand to show nearly .a quarter of _a ton increase-. 