a " ARRIVED. FBIDAY, JUNE 21. COORONG, steamer, 304 tons, Fletcher Ashton, master, from Melbourne June 18. J. Darwent, Town; J. Newman and Son, Port, agents'. Passengers—Madame and Misses F. and R. Carandini, Wm. Moore, Miss, Chambers, Miss Milne, Messrs. Walter Sherwin, Gordon, J. C. Moore, Sawers, J. Bowman, Captain Simpson, Master James Hay, in the cabin; and 10 in the steerage. SARAH, from Port Louis. ARRIVED COASTWISE. FRIDAY, JUNE 21. TRIUMPH, schooner, 46 tons, Thompson, master, from Wallaroo. Cargo—46 tons copper ore, E. and A. Copper Company. COURTS OF REVISION. ONKJOPARINGA, June 20.—Returning Officer, Mr. C. F. H. Esau, J.P. Legislative Council— Previously on roll 844, added 30, struck off 9, now on roll 865. House of Assemblv—Previously on roll 1,308, added 187, struck of 18, now on roll 1,477. Legislative Council—Number on roll—Woodside, 246; Nairne, 118; Kanmatoo, 58; Hahndorf, 111; Lobethal, 104; Mount Lofty, 84; Callington, 115; Harrowgate, 29. House of Assembly—Woodside, 387 ; Nairne, 257; Kanmantoo, 128; Hahndorf, 141; Lobethal, 138; Mount Lofty, 150; Callington, 237; Harrowgate, 39. VICEREGAL.—The Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which all the Ministers were present. SLIDING ROCK.—Captain Terrell, late of the Blinman Mine, who has been appointed to the charge of the Sliding Rock property as Captain Vivian's successor, arrived at his post on the night of June 15, accompanied by Mr. McDonald, of the South Australian and Victorian Copper Mining Association, and proceeded northward to inspect the mines which that Company have purchased. Mr. John Woodforde is shortly expected at Sliding Rock workings, where he is to be Purser. ROYAL AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The first meeting of the Committee appointed for the manufactures and miscellaneous sections was held at the office of the Society, Register-Chambers, on Wednesday; present—Messrs. E. W. Andrews, G. Wyatt, A. M. Simpson, A. Adamson, C. Peacock, T. Johnson, D. Lithgow, and A. McKenzie. Resolved that the Chairman have merely a casting- vote. Mr. E. W. Andrews was elected Chairman, becoming thereby a Vice- President of the Society. The Secretary read a resolution from the minutes of the Committee of Management defining the powers of this Committee as follows:— <( That the Committee appointed for manufactures and miscellaneous manage all details connected with industries and manufactures not assigned to other Committees, that they arrange prize-lists and nominate Judges for the year ending 31st March, 1873, and that the sum of £150 be apportioned them to be offered in prizes during the said year." A letter from Mrs. Chiles suggested that prizes be offered for larger quantities of olive oil than heretofore, say 25 to 30 gallons, and that an entrance-fe£ of £1 be charged for each exhibit. Consideration deferred to next meeting. The sum of £81 and 81 certificates were apportioned to be offered in prizes for South Australian industries and manufacture?. The further consideration of the prize-lists relating to this department for the year ending March 31,1873, was then adjourned. VALEDICTORY TESTIMONIAL. — Mr. R. C. Mitton, the master of the. Rundle-street Giammar- School, was on Tuesday waited upon at North Adelaide by a deputation from his late pupils, who presented him, prior to his leaving Adelaide to take charge of the Riverton District School, with a handsome illustrated Bible. - This was accompanied by an address, beautifully engrossed by one of the boys, expressive of gratitude for his kindness and efforts "to promote their educational progress. Mr. Mitton said that he was agreeably surprised at receiving such a mark of esteem. He warmly thanked the lads for the feeling they manifested, and expressed sincere wishes for their future happiness. It was mentioned in the course of the proceedings that Mr. Mitton is likely to be succeeded by a teacher of superior qualifications. • ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.—On Wednesday evening, at the Town Hall Exchange Room, a publicly convened meeting of the congregation of St. Paul's was held - to discuss financial matters, the question of completing the church, the management of the day and Sunday schools, and other subjects. There was, considering the weather, a good attendance, including a large proportion of ladies; but Dean Russell and the Committee of Management believed it to be desirable, on the whole, not to debate the various topics to be brought forward till a more numerous audience could be secured. The meeting was acordingly adjourned. VITAL STATISTICS.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, June 15, were: — Births—Males, 14; females, 20. Deaths—Males, 14; females, 12. Total—Births, 34; deaths, 26 Excess of births, 8. PISTOL ACCIDENT.—On June 12 Mr. Joseph Thyer, son of Mr. James Thyer, sheepfarmer, of Wabricoola, attempted to discharge a pistol, but it hung fire, and as he was taking off the cap, with his left hand on the muzzle of the weapon, it went off, and blew, away the middle finger. He "had a black boy with him, who rode 15 miles to Messrs. Pont & Sons' station, the nearest place, for assistance. When Mr. Pont arrived to help, the sufferer was insensible from the loss of blood, as he had been bleeding freely for several hours. The accident occurred about 70 miles from Wabricoola. RELANDED.—During the passage down the Port river ef the s.s. Aldiiura the Immigration Officer was proceeding with his inspection of the muster roll when he found a persoa named John O'Brien without a passage ticket, and what was of more importance he was minus the requisite cash to pay the fare. Captain McLean remembered the introduction to Artemus Ward, so although Mr. O'Brien could pay without going, the captain objected to his going without paying. On reaching the Semaphore the defaulter was passed into the shore boat and landed at the Jetty, having had a pleasant afternoon's cruise without the inconvenience of ts costing him anything. JACK FROST.—At Templers sharp frosts have destroyed the locusts, and have reduced the number of mice which in hundreds threatened to be as great a nuisance as the grasshoppers, although small hawks have made a comfortable living by eating many of them; STOCK.—It is mentioned in River District letters that a large number of cattle and sheep are on their way down to the Adelaide and Melbourne markets. DARLING COPPER.—At a recant meeting of shareholders in the Alice Edith Copper Mine, held at Wilcannia, an offer from a Melbourne firm of £12,000 to float a Company was refused. A proposal from a local firm was read, and referred back for further particulars. Mr. E. Quin was then appointed Hon. Secretary, and Mr. J. P. Tripp Auditor. New ground has been taken up adjoining the Nalta Mine. A parcel of 20 tons of ore from the Wilcannia and the Alice Edith Mines lies at Tripp's Wharf ready for shipment when the river rises. "Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Partington?" was asked of the.old lady, somewhat timidly. "To be sure I do," replied she, "as much as!I believe that bright folmmarr there will rise in the yeast to-morrow morning if we live and nothing happens. Two apprehensions have sartainly appeared in our family. Why. I saw my dear Paul a fortnight before he died jest as plain as I see you now. and it turned afterwards to be a rose-bush, with a. nightcap on it; and I shall always think, to the day of my desolation, that it was a forerunner sent to me. T'other onecameinthe night when we weie asleep, and carried away three candles and a pint of spirits that we kept in the house for embarkation. Believe in ghosts, indeed ? I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful styptic as doesn't" A modern Munchausen, addicted to humming an air beginning "Strike the lyre, 1 ' was mnch surprised when one of hie acquaintances, taking him at bis word, knocked him down. 