A SEANCE IN A FASHIONABLE NEiV ÏOBK OUUHOH. TUB Now York Horaldroporto what it gravely calls ' oue of tho¡inost extraordinary and intorcBting mani- festations of psychic forco whioh has ovor appealed to tho credulity of intclligont mon,* and women rind gives tho following relation ns tho ' faithful nnd Berious statsmont of an oyo witness, who intonds simply to toll tho truth':-' Sunday nftor Sunday lüst summer a tabla, standing immediately undor tho litt lo dosk from whioh is wookly announcod the Gospel according to Botcher, in Now York, showed unequivocal symptoms of b&ing; thrilled by the fervid oratory of tho "Young Men's Ap;stlo." As everyono knows who has ottondod Plymouth Church, tho preacher und tho audience usually settle down to serious business _ at about tho middle of the " prio-ssrmon" prayer. It is Mr. Boocher's custom at thiB point of tho servioo to ' lot himself out " with that graud oarnostncsB which is the chief secrot of his sucooss ns an orator, and nftor a fow sontoncos of passionato rhotorio, tho congrega- tion willingly abandon thomsolvos to his magio spoil. At timos, indood, tho audionco soom en- chanted ; they sit motionless ns tho men in that Eastern talo who had boon turned into stono by the wand of a wiokod magician. It was at this junc- ture that tho disombodicd spirits who, viewless to tho gross vision of mortals, delighted to haunt tho prsoinots ef tho templo, woro wont -to betray symptoms of agitation. And thoy " manifestad thoir exoitamont after tho cus- tomary fashion of modorn ghosts by an attaak upon a table-that "middle roportors' tablo," whioh is one of the most conspicuous objoots in tho ehnroh. The tablo bogan to movo to and fro, slowly at first and then foster, with a weird, tremulous, sliding motion that stirred the souls of those who lookod on with solomn awo. As "Amen" closed tho invoca- tion to the Deity for wisdom to know the right and strength to hold fast to it,, tho dumb furniture, whioh thus betrayod tho symputhotio energy of the dead with the o grand aspirations of tho living, tipped up and down-so violently, indeed, as to throw tho penoils of tho sorlbes upon the floor. Through tho sormon the manifestations wero even more marked. Those things, wonderful os they are, oocurrod not onoo or twioo, but many times. They wero only stayed by tho dlsporsal of this set of roportors to other tables. Yielding to a mutation fear of Mrs. Grundy, a vigorous otlorthasb3eniua.de to hush up thoso intoretting and instructivo illustra- tions of an unexplored force of nature. Wi aro assurod by eyo-witnesses that thora was no fiosilblo oonoort among tho roportors to move tho able, and that its gambols continued in a moro dé- monstrative form than boforo after ovary human being near by had drawn baok thoir chairs sevoral I feet from it. Those movomonts, also, whioh at times assumed almost a saltatory oarnostnoss, curiously oorrespondod with the outflow of the eurronts of Boochor theology. Whenever tho praaobor mada aa effective peroration, ho thrilled tho tablo as well ai his hearers, whilo in soasons of merely ordinary interest the tablo had sonrosly a poroeptiblo motion1* 