HORACE WALPOLE. Walpole is almost the first modern English man who found out that out old cathedrals were really beautiful. He discovered that it most charming toy might me made of mediie- valism. Strawberry Hill, with all its gim- craoks, its pasteboard battlements, and slained paper carvings, was the lineal ancestor of the new law-courts. The restorers of churches, the manufacturers of stained glass, the mod ern decorators and architects of all varieties —perhaps, we may venture to add, the Ritua lists and the High Church party — should think of him with kindness. It cannot be said that they should give him a place in their calendar, for he was not off the stuff of which saints are made. It was a very thin veneering of medievahsm which covered his modern creed ; and the mixture is not parti cularly edifying. Still he undoubtedly found out that charming plaything which, in other hands, has been elaborated and industriously constructed till it is all but indistinguishable from the genuine article, Some persons hold it to be merely a plaything, when all has been said and done, and maintain that when the root has been severed, the tree can never again be made to grow. However that may be, Walpole's trifling was the first forerunner of much that has occupied the minds of much greater artists ever since. And thus his ini tiative in literature has been as fruitful as his initiative in art. The "Castle of Otranto" and the " Mysterious Mother " were the pro genitors of Mrs Radcliffle's romances, and probably had a strong influence upon the author of "Ivanhoe." Frowning castles and gloomy monasteries, knights in armour, and ladies in distress, and monks and nuns and her mits, all the scenery and the characters that have peopled the imagination of the romantic school, may be said to have had their origin on the night when Walpole lay down to sleep, his head crammed full of Wardour- street curiosities, and dreamt that he saw a gigantic hand in armour resting on the banis ter of his staircase. In three months from that time he had elaborated a story, the ob ject of which, as defined by himself, was to combine the charms of the old romance and the modern novel, and which, to say the least of it, strikes us now like an exaggerated caricature of the modern school. Scott criii cises the "Castle of Otranto" seriously, and even Macaulay speaks of it with a certain respect. Absurd as the burlesque seems, our ancestors found it amusing, and, what is stranger, awe-inspiring. Excitable readers shuddered when a helmet of more than gigan tic size fell from the clouds, in the first chap ter, and crushed the young baron. to atoms on the eve of his wedding, as a oat smashes a mouse. This, however, was only a series of unprecedented phenomena. At one moment the portrait of Manfred's grandfather, with out the least premonitory warning, utters a deep sigh, and heaves its breast, after whiich it descends to the floor with a grave and melancholy air. Presently the menials catch sight of a leg and foot in arrnour to match the helmet, and apparently belonging to a ghost which has lain down promiscuously in the picture gallery. Most appalling, how ever, of all is the adventure which happened to Count Frederick in the oratory. Kneel ing before the altar was a tall figure in a long cloak. As he approached it rose, and, turn ing round, disclosed to him the fleshless jaws and empty eye-sockets of a skeleton. The ghost disappeared as ghosts generally do after giving a perfectly unnecessary warning, and the catastrophe is soon reached by the final appearance ot the whole suit of armour with the ghost inside it,, who bursts the castle into bits like an eggshell, and towering towards the sky, exclaims, " Theodore is the true heir of Alpbonso !" This proceeding fortunately made a lawsuit unnecessary, and if the castle was ruined at once, it is not quite impossible that the same result might have been attained more slowly by litigation. The whole machin ery strikes us as simply babyish, and some times we suspect Walpole of laughing in his sleeve ; as, for example, in the solemn scene in the chapel, which closes thus : — " As he spake; these words, three drops of blood fell from the nose of Alphonso's statue" (Alphonso is the spectre in armour.) " Manfred turned pale, and the princess sank on her knees. ' Behold !' said the friar, ' mark this miracu lous indication that the blood of Alpbonso will never mix with that of Manfred !' " Nor can we think that the story is much more in teresting by Walpole's simple expedient of introducing into the midst of these portents a set of waiting-maids and peasants, who talk in the familiar style of the smart valets in Congreve's or Sheridan's comedies. — Corn- lull Magazine. Paper Clothing. — Travellers have to pur chase the protection of the Bedawins of the Jordan against enemies of their own or neigh bouring tribes and the agreement is to the effect that tliey shall be taken by the Sheik Yeschid and a proper guard to the Dead Sea " and the Jordan and back in safety to Jerusa lem. Without such protection the journey is simply impossible, and there is an amus ing account of a lady and gentleman who had attempted the trip without the formality of a Bedawm guard, and who had. been met and robbed of their baggage, their money, clothes and valuables — the gentleman having to beg of the Bedawm robbers the Times newspaper in which to clothe himself and his wife. The husband returned to Jerusalem in that valuable journal, his wife being wrapped up in the supplement. — Jewish Chronicle. A gentleman in Syracuse, blest with a very jealous wife, gave her a lesson and himself a hearty laugh not long since by a very simple yet ingenious device. While his wife was away calling he cut from a paper a couple of figures represented in the act of kissing. He put the paper in such a position that the light would reflect a life-sized shadow upon the curtain of the window that she would see on arriving, and awaited the results. He heard footsteps, then they paused, and were followed by a mad rush into the house, where the little aflair explained itself, and the story ended. . 