GOOD FRIDAY IDOLATRY. Protestants who on Good Friday go. to : cliurch for prayers, aiM; those who, having no regard for the sacTbdness of the day, spend it in healthful recreation in the open air, ought to feel for their Roman Catholic fellow-colonists, who, on Good Friday, are compelled to witness, and to take part in, as gross a piece of religious idolatry as ever pagan debased himself to practice. Let us make good this asser tion, and appeal to the Christian sympa thies and Protestant convictions of all thoughtful men. On Good Friday takes place the im posing ceremony of what is called " the adoration of the cross." Let it be dis tinctly understood that the " cross," the " wood of the cross " is worshipped — wor shipped with the highest of all ' worship — worshipped with the same feelings of veneration and adoration which are em ployed in the f worship of God himself ; and it is prayed to, and called upon as able to hear, and help, and save I In the subtle and misleading distinctions which the Church of Rome has invented, there are three kinds of worship — mark, " religi ous worship ; " the lowest kind is given to common saints, angels, rags, old bones, and other relics of so-called saints ; the next kind, which is higher, is given to the Virgin, and by this she is exalted and worshipped as only less than God ; and then there is the highest of all adora tion, the latrian worship, which is given to God, and Christ, and the Holy Ghost. But this same worship is given to the "croBs" — to the wood of the cross — and it is done with all the circumstance of prostration and adoration which is possible in the highest act of worship. After prayers, a priest takes a cross from the altar, covered with a veil. He uncovers part of it, so that the top is seen, aiid he calls upon the people, " behold the wood of the cross," and the choir answers, bending to the ground, "on which hung the salvation of the world." Amd then he uncovers another part, and the call and adoration are repeated. He then uncovers the whole, and the cry and adoration are again repeated, and hymns are sung to the following effect, which supplicate the wood of the cross to help and bless the worshippers ! — " O lovely tree — how glori ous does thy body shine — hail cross, our hope on thee we call — grant to the just increase of grace, and every sinner's guilt efface !" Surely this is as foul idolatry as ever was perpetrated by Jew in the wilder ness, or by Pagans in Greece and Rome. Of course, cunning priests will say that it is Christ on the cross that is worshipped j but tho words of the exhibiter, and the words of the hymn refute this explanation. What is adored is the wood of the cross — a piece of common wood. It is wood- which is addressed as the " lovely tree," " the faithful cross." It is the cross — the wood — which is said, to have a shining body. It is the wood which is said to be "our hope," and the woodia asked togi veto thej ustincrease of grace, and to the sinner pardon ! So that if words are to be accepted as mean ing anything, this Good Friday service of adoring the cross is such palpable idolatry that the deluded victims ought to receive the pity of every Protestant, and the de ceiving showmen ought to be regarded as the objects of withering scorn. Until recently, in Italy, there was a still more blasphemous ceremony performed on Good Friday. A religious pantomime was observed, in the open air, with proces sions sometimes a mile long, and a cross on which a living man was fixed to per sonate Christ, and three women, repre senting the three Marys, clinging to the foot of it. The man who gave himself iip to be fixed to the cross, and the women, were people of the lowest character and morals ; and they acted their part for the few pieces of money which the priests bestowed cn them for helping the church in so grand a service ! Loving, meek, and charitable Protest ants amongst us will scarcely believe that such idolatry and blasphemy are possible, nevertheless, the fact is so. And while xve are sending mission aiies to, China, Fiji, the HeAv Hebrides, and India to con vert the idolaters, they think it Avrong, ' unbrotherly, uncharitable, unchristian, to do anything to convert the idolaters at our OAvn . doors, aa'ho shame the s Gospel by such mocking misrepresentation of it !, "University Commemoration. — It is satisfac tory to find Dr. Badhain acknOAvledging the necessity of some concession of the strict require ment of Greek for every graduate. Wo could have Avislied he had eoneeded it with better grace. Indeed, the manner in Avhicb. it has been conceded almost spoils the boon. Dr. Badham acknoAvlodges that in Oxford, Avhich has sacri ficed almost everything else for proficiency in classics, tho overwhelming majority of the graduates Avho pass in Greek, have no real knowledge of the language for Avhoso study they have left mathematics, physics, experimental sciences, modern languages, logic — nearly every thing else in the whole range of learning. He thinks it is the same hero, for he does not ex press a hope that Ave shall have a higher standard in Sydney than in Oxford. He consents then that graduates should be alloAved to choose those other subjects, and become proficients in them, leaving out the Greek, in Avhich they could not hope to ho so, except by devoting their . whole lives to its study, — Avhich not one man in a thousand can afford to do in this country, wero his thirst for it as great as that of the learned professor himself. But the Doctor spoils the boon by niggardly withholding from such mathematicians, &c.;, an absolutely equal position of honor Avith the half-quarter-smattering Grecians. The honors of the University are still to be reserved only for Grecians — a splendid sueeess in the othor subjects will only entitle a man to merely pass, Avhereas a moderate amount of Greek, Avith a bare pretence of tho lowest rudiments of some of the others, may get a man honors. Who Avill accept the boon Avith such a stigma? We think the mathematicians will laugh to scorn tho attempt to pretend a superi ority of classical men over scientific men. We remember the injustice, and hoAv we felt it. W.e once in the University of Dublin Avent in for a mathematical prize which Avas competed for by many honor- men, and, being in great request, required tho harder fight, because there Avas but one vacancy each year and the reAvard Avas con siderable. There Avere similar prizes for classics — tAventy to one — but whereas the classical competitors had not to touch mathematics at all in that examination, the science and mathematical competitors had to go in with tho classical, and qualify by coming ont among the best third of them, besides their own hard Avork. We took tho prize and pocketed the injustice. This has since our day been rectified. We hopo the apparent injustioe will be rectified here likewise, and the mathematical proficient be fully acknowledged without reserve as fully the equal of the Grecian. Parramatta Murders. — The inquests and Magisterial inquiries respecting the deaths of Messrs. Bridger and Walker, have revealed a conspiracy for murder, which shocks and startles the community by its deliberate and cold- I blooded villiany,— and wo ought to learn some thing of the holloAvness of the modern cry of Education as a panacea for moral evil, from the fact that Nicols and Froudo alia3 Lester, tho ac- oused, have a fair education and good address ; Froude being, in fact, a very near relation of the celebrated historian of that name. All the facts lead to the suspicion that there was a set plan, not only to murder the victims whose bodies were found, but to set up a regular business in mnrder, as coolly as if it wero a le gitimate trade. The advertisement proposing employment, the boat to take the victims to their pretended employers, — tlie sale of their effects, the hiring of a house — everything was of . the most businesslike description. Stories, more or less authenticated have reached us, which show that this evil is in the air, and more prevalent than we could have supposed — that therd are many living among us, whose notions of right and wrong are confused, and who are ready to take to violence, if not to murder, with out a pang of conscience. Last week a gentle man was crossing Hyde Park at night — a man jostled him two or three times, and when he re monstrated and asked what he wauted, he told him he wanted his money, and he had better hand it out quietly. The gentleman refused, whereupon the man whistled, and twelve men appeared in reply, and surrounded the gentlo- : man, who would have fared badly but for the advent of some police, at whose appearance the robbers decamped. We have also two authenti cated instances of a man calling at gentlemens' houses, stating that a parcel had arrived for them, aud were lying in a certain ship, offer ing to accompany them in a boat thither in the evening. On one of these occasions, the gentle man was not at home : on the other, his mother dissuaded him from going. In neither ease did the informant turn up a second time, although in the latter instance ho was invited by adver tisement. Printing at the Standard Office.— Our readers have been long prepared for the printing of our paper under our own supervision, at our own office in Pitt street. We beg to draw their attention to the fact that we have had the neces sary plant ready for a considerable time, but our agreement with, the printers did not allow us to.; taketheadvantago. Our next volume, from the 1st of May, will be printed by ourselves. Our type feeing all new, aud everything of good quality, we are in a position to print circulars, business cards, pamphlets, &c;, in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. We trust that we shall not look in vain for the support of our protestant friends, Orangemen and non-Orangemen. Tickets and circulars and other business connected with the L. 0. Institution would most appropriately he a staple business of ours, and help to make some return for the outlay, and to help to keep the Protestant 1? tandard independent and to enable it to unfurl its folds wider and to increase its power as the organ of civil, and religious liberty. 