THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE FRASER ISLAND BLACKS. A PRIVATE letter from the Rer. E. Fuller, the devoted missionary at Fraser'e Island, to a friend in Ipswich, bas been placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier. Mr. Fuller gives an interesting account of the work of the mission, and gives an account of some of their prejudices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in-law at any time ; they believe that if she did he would go mad, end would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together to sing at school time, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their sons-in-law there, and you will see them " backing " into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise bide himself from his mother's gaze. The young man will not sit down on the same stool or box, or, in fact, anywhere where a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young man would sicken and die. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentle- men. The shadow of young women must not pass over the sleeping faces of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel, near the mission, and enable them to get on board tobacco, biscuits, etc., which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the " mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or sucb is the case, etc. They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night. They believe that there ii a devil (mellong), but they have no idea of a God. Do eire voa an idea hov the natives have de- creased in numbers since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say t-That on thia island, which is about 66 miles lons; by IS broad, there are, I think, not more than 800 blacks, and yet there are no less than nine- teen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, have made auch havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few «heep left from many flocks, they amalgámate as n last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title hos almost died out, the strongest man or the greatest bully, "takes upon himself11 to be No. Î. Although tho aborigines were not in the habit oí smoking before the arrival ol the white ?usn, yet now since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great smokers-men, women, and children. A. little girl or boy about two or three yean old may be seen with a tripe in its mouth emoting tobacco j yet they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast ont of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at the town- ships and from the vessels pasting. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouth) when they are awake. And again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also take the trouble to teaoh them how to play j so that we not only have to preach Jesus to them, but .Iso to presch against card-playing, for they get so engrossed in playing them that they Will not leave them to come to school, und sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of the land which they look upon as individually theirs ; on the death of the father it descends ta the sons. They are cannibals; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it wss before the white man came. When a person dies they skin bim (old men and women excepted) ; the akin is dried and carried about by one of the-relatives as a cort of charin. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body, and carry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. 'Abey generally shift their camp when one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, atones, pircas of glass, ¿c., from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that fae can go in the carl li here and come out again at some considerable distance off they say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. 