1 MAIK JARRIETT'S DAISY, TIE WILD FLOWER OF HAZELm0ooei. CHAOPTER XXXII. IT was a dark, dismal, murky dlay ;a bitter, penetiating, cold wind blew in fierce roaring gusts, and bore with it an icy, misty rain, whirling it in shooeets fantaestically as if it were sleet, and chilling to the marrow those who had to loiter about in it. The village church, in the chancel of which stood the tomb of the Templocombes,1 was situated on a'ni eminence on the centre of an extenesive graveyard, turf-covered, and intersected with sinuous gravel-paths. Its ancient L vy-covered,' square, ' embattled tower stood up frowningly against thd leaden overhanging sky, and the belt of sed oldis and solemn yews, which almosd ..~s'rrounded it, clustered blackly, and sadly,, as if they participated in the affliotiori they dso codnstantly overlooked. ''The distaroo: from the roadway to tlid oliurch, thie' entrance-gate being. at the farthest point of the encloseod, land, was con siderable, and here the body was removed from .the hearse and carried on men's shoiilders` up the gravelled pathway, prro ceded b the 61 clergyman. Whether Arr. Ohougi" Jurgeson had acted o'n positive instructions or not, it was very ortaii1ihat'he had arranged for the funeral proceseion to be of meagre proportions, and of 'the 'iimplest' kind. There was, it is true, a rich black velvet pall and the usual feathers, mon with batons, and hired pall Sbearers, but anything, in the shape of funeral pomp there was none. As' soon, as the coffint was set in motion, Mr. Rokeby prepared to assume his self appointecl ?dlo. as chief 'mourner; but lie had nsot' advanced half-a-dozen paces before an iron grasp caught him by the shoulder, and he felt hinmself. swung aside with rude 'violeohe. As he reeled and strove to keep his foot ing, a man, with a white face and an up lifted. clenoheod fist, followed him closely, growing gutturally "DogI how dare you take that high position? Back withl you, and slink off like the hdound' you are, or, despite this eolemoity,'I'll beat your skull in with my fist h "' . Mr, Rokeby glared with distended eyes on the face of his assailant, and he too became instantly white with'excitement. "Jarrett I1-villain I" he gasped in furious wrath, and ,made a dash at the aggressor's throat ; bit before he could close with him, both' were seized, in an instant separated frbm each' other, arind hurled in 'opposite 'directions. '. .'p " Mark Jarrott, if it were he,by.Mr. T'atch 'max,' and Mr. Rokeby by his son Wil, who restored him to his position at the head of the'procossion. Mr. Chough Jurgeoson had, wheni Mr. Rokeby was hustled from it, in stantly slipped into it; but as Wil convoyed his fatheri to it, Bertie Rokeby quietly but effectually, moved him back to his original place. Slowly and gravely, 'at. least outwardly, the train wound up the pathwvay-=the clergy mian,, an old, white-haired 'man, thin and erect, reading the service for the dead in a clear 'and almost sonorous voice, yet with animall iiifltiuOsce upon' those who tols part in the ceremonial. Scarcely ono'e who followed at accompanied that stark lifeless body to its last resting-place 'had a thought for the oeternal welfare of the dead, or oven on" - siotiusly listened to the affecting words of that solemn supplication. nTob' maiiy of them were 'deeply interested iih'the'issies to which the'earl's death would give' rise to think of him or his future.1 They thought only of their own, and thought only;'f it with an absorbing excitement. 'Agitated as Mr. Rokoby was, still as he walked with a bowed head, and slow, measured stop, he cast his eyes among the lines right and left of the spectators who skirted the gravel walk, as it. expecting to perceive among the faces which :mot his gaze one or more whose proximity he an 'ticipated, but whose presone, there, or eoven in 'the immediate noighbourhood, it? was ini portant to him to be acquainted with'.: . 'To his surprise, lhe' detcotd, the .fdaturies of hi?' house-steward, Dean, who Wa~is shlirink iong behiud'twomtn who retained boire than. thq'traces' of consideriible perisondl 'beauty, but' whose lineamonts' bore" signs of the cdidrs' of fibrdo passions ind bitter trial. 'A few paces farther he discovered his raeonly agent, Titus Vink,. who was, evi "dsiitly in thie disguise of a travelling', horse stealer afflicted with'a sovere catarrh, caught throutgh having boon drawn through a horse-pond, after having beoon detected in filching a poor widow's donkey. He hold a very much coiled rod cotton handkerchief .?pforo his featuros, until hlie saw Mr. S.p>koby'e oyes fhston on him, then he die closed them for an instant, pointed in the ,direction in which Dean had been crouched behind the woman, slid away from the spot on which he had boon standing, and vanished like a phantom. "' " Yet more to startle Mr.' Rokeby, as' the body of the 'late earl passpd nundetitlhiaeorch .into. tho.body of the 'churohi..' o 'heard a mody' broak 'from tho lips of pne. whho was standing. in the shadow of the ocoverod, ar'ched eoitriindb,'aid'to his amazement be hold again the faco'Of Jarrott, although iii ionicivably altered in its expression. The 'foatures, instead of betraying fierce and ibrital fury, wore composed and cad, and looked almost eublimo in their cilost grief.' 'An instant, and that had vanished too, and 'he was ushored into the late carl's family-. pew, tohliston to the prayers for the reposo of the cccil of the departed, anid to offer upl his outreatice for mercy at the last dread 'day, if he felt it to be Ilic duty to do it. But no; his mind wail in a whirl-a do lirium-and he saw horo and thore faces flash upon him, making him believe that he was still the principal in cu awful dream. Now, Lord ]levoir'a oeeiunctoneoui glarod scornfully and gibingly upon him, and near to it-sall too nour.i-tho yet l)issutifiil fie of his wife. That could not be, however, it .must be a more dolhiion, and he turned his eyes away to dieover, ale ho fondeid, the swoot young fatc of M[irk Jforeott'si Daisy. Ilo covered hiin eyee with hii handa for a, momeont, and then rcumoviig thien taried his' gae to the gallery. Iii eiiothuer part of the church, peoring buetweeos the intorvil of a small divided caritii in fiont of a pew, he again boheld, to liii frighht, the faoo of Marlc J'arrott's Dauioy, io hl had eoon it near the end of the diole below, though not a minute had olapsod sinon he had looked upon it. "I am going mad," he muttorod, as he baet hi h'and down low, acml piasesl his burning hands on his yet more burning temples. After this he had only a hazy cominprohen Sion of what was going on. He was aware of the coffin being lowered into the vault, of shuddering on its brink, when he hoard the mould rattle upon it as an awe-inspiring ac companiment to the words, " dust to dust," of being out in the beating, blinding rain, and hearing the roaring of the tempest, as it howled through and bent down the grim old trees in the churchyard and its neigh bourhood. SIt was with ii sense of relief that he found himself within Tomplooombo Priory, in a large room, surrounded by a number of ox-. Aited men, who had alroady cast aside the trappings and even the 'sombli'nie of woo, and heard a dozen voices at once. badgering Mr. Ohough Jurgoson; wliho looked swelled, more inflated than over, white-hot, and, with hair :'erect, as if into the bargain he was undergoing a course of electrical shocks from a strong battery. There was much protoesting on his part, and vehement assertions of right on the parts of them. At'last, 'lth a simultaneous burst, they all appealed to Mr. Rokeby toi give his opinion, if not his dooision, in favor of both parties. ' HIe was obliged in stentorian tones to on treat them to cease their clamour, to ro member that it was a grave solemnity which had brought them together, anid at least to preserve an outward show of decorum, what over might be their indifference to the memory of the late oarl. At this appeal something like silence was accorded, and then Mlr. Chough Jurgeson exolaimed, panting for breath "I am the sole legal advisor of the late earl, and although it would be one of my duties to read the last will and testament of the late earl to assembled relatives, and legatees, I do not see before meoany one in dividual whom I can reooognise here as pose sessing such a claim." "I bog your pardon," exclaimed Mr. Rokeby, Lord Bolvoir, Mr. . Tatchmax, Colonel Waldron, and two.or three other gentlemen, with one voice, "I claim !" Mr. Ohough Jurgoson raised up both his hands. "I deny-I dispute it-I do not know any of you; and if I had a sufficient force. here, 'I would have every man Jackl of 'you turned out of the Priory." A yell of derision was the response to this. implied menace. ' ' "How dare you say that to me, Alvanley, Rokehy ?" oried that gentleman, with in dignant wrath. "You know me, Mr. Jur geson, and you know that, at least, I am a relative of the late earl." "0 l--ah !-yes, I'forgot you-a Mr. Al bany Rokkingham," returned Mr.' Ohough Jurgoson, so painfully flurried as to wrongly name him. "You-yes yoti do, I think, take something under the will. I have, no objection to read the documents to you." "No objection! " repeated' Mr. Rokeby, with ire. "I insist upon your doing so I" "What, 'before all: these .porersons, who have not a tittloof right to appear here! " submitted Mr. Ohough Jirgeson, with a lofty professional dictatorial tone. ' "Before the whole world I" cried Mr. Rokeby, passionately. " We have had, enough of concealment and mystery ; let us have the light of day shine ?nn AVArsthinsi now 1I" "' A maia rtel"'coor 'broke from the as sembled' throng. " ' "Now; Jurgeson',' bring ouit the will I" exolaimed Mr. Tatohmax, screwing up his eyes and 'mouthl. "You are such a whileo !" "Yes, bring forth the will I " adjoined Lord Belvoir. . " Bring forth the will' I" echoeod Colonel Waldron. ' This delay is monstrous! " Mr. Ro?keby tiurnoed swiftly to hin'' " Colonel Waldron," 'fe' exclaimed, sternlyi; " I must request you' to be .silent. You have no semblance of a claim to be hero to'day. Your remaiirks are therefore gratui tons anid obtruslvoe,"' ' Th6 colonel's f'ace p'aled, alind assuming an imperious' beoaring, ho replied-' "You said, Rokeby, thnst'you did'not in tend to watch or dofeondthe interesis: of your niece, Miss Gabriolla, Lutt'rell." '. "I did I" hio answered, firnily . ".Then I do I" Colonel Waldron rejoined, emphatically. "She is is next of kin I". '" Pooh I" oried Mr. Tatehmax, scoffingly. S"Who ?" interrogated' Mr. Ohough Jur gesoni, elevating hi 'oyebrows'. " Miss Gabriollo Luttrell the o6nly daugh' tero of the liate GraysLuttrolf ?and sole living representative,' of the late Earl of Teompl conmbo, therefore his next of kin,' and ebtitled to allisis personalty at least," rejoined "the colonel, folding his arms, anri assuming an air'of defiance." " "Bah I ". oried Mr. Tatoblmax, with "a jeeoring liugh;',' if slse were all that, and ever so much mroe, her c'laim would'not' be worth'the I 0 U of a frauduleont bankrupt." 'Shel ie's not evoin a' Luttroll I" 'exclaimed Lord Belivoir, with emphasis :. . " 'Not ir Luttroll I" repeated Colonel Wal dron,' hia fioe gougoing whiter still." Wh wh-what' 'do yotu know aboiut Miss' Gai briollo--" "?' wEnough that'hhlli i"t "a"Lu?tftll," re iterated' Lord 'Blvoir. "' '" Who sani Mie' Ghb?,lbdle, "6'Psairholnm Priors, is not as Littrll'?' I' say ehe is I" sharply exclaimed a fomalo voie , in a lode dlour, ringing tone. ' i a l All turned rfiirid, to bohold Joyso Stokts standing in their midst, with a resoluto de meanour, as if she know she had a right to be there, . No one had noticed her ontranco, but thoro elio was among them, having ovi dontly beon one of the first-perhaps the flrst--who had entcrod the room. " You?" demanded half-a-dozen voices. "You, woman ? What do you know about it ?" ' " Ask Mr. Rokehy," eshe returned, dog. godly.'." He knows that ho received the l'ittlo' Galbriclld from Joyce Stoke.' I am Joyso Stoko 'I bght to know from, whom I took her.' " 'Bsit ian'y oip~ie it b?" demanded Mr. Chosigli 'JTe oxeitedly'. "'6twl boe a most -mpor feot' if yo'udian. prove what y'ouassort, woman'.' . ' "I canl asid. "ill," ehe answered in.a 'most o'mphatic tone: ' ' ' ' ' ' "You stole her, Isupposo," .he suggoeted. "I stolo lie?," she replied, firmly, 'and with a terribly suffiocent motive, Ask him," elsh added, pointing to Colonel Waldron, who shrank back with the face of a ghost, as he looked with restleos, shifting gaze upon the handsorme and dotorsined lineaments of the strange womhnatw. If Gabriollo should be the sole surviving daughter of the (oad Gray Luttroll, after all ! Thou, again, he started with a bowildered fooling. Why, were there not hero two men who positively declared that they repro sontetd the twin sons of the earl i-repre sentod thea as living man, and not doad, as had booin for so long boliovod ? What wes he to think ? Nevertholoos, if oither or both wore living, and Gabriollo was the daughtor of Gray, as the woman avoerred, to fact would still be of the greatost momenot to' hiia. io moved to her. " Joyso Stoke," he said, quickly, and not without agitation, "I cai substantiate one part of your story. Nowi can you prove the othor-that is to say, thdl Gabriollo is the daughter of--" " . . "Iobject to tha L'-loloct to any Auoh statoment," intorrupted Mr. Tatlchmax, per emptorily, "I shall lieroafter produce the heir-at.laid. That will, bo tho timo torahi?o the question whether the young lady is or, is" not his daughter. If weo produce the heir, she is nowhere; if we don't, then lot, her sabmithor proofs,.and establish them." "I agree to that," obeordej Lord Bolvoir. "The introduction of the l'ady's namo is at present a noedlhes waste of time." "But I bog to siy that I think it of eho utmost importance at this moment," inor posed Mr. Ohough Jurgeson. " I will t'ko down your address, my good woman," he added, addressing Joyse Stoke. "Ask it of Colonel Waldron, who stands before me like a boaten hound," she answered, in a voice of supreme scorn, as she bent her bright dark eyes, with fierce hato in them, upon him., 'f "o will always be able to furnish it to you, for from to-day I:shall be as his shadow." She waved her hand imporiously, and walked with quite a stately air from the room. Her departure was watched in silence, and as she vanished through the doorway, Mr. Tatohlimax turned to Colonel Waldron, screwed up his eyes and mouth, and hissed, rather than ejaculated "Who's she, colonel-who's she ? "' Hoe started as if out of a dead sloop, and with an impatient goesture, said, fiercely, to Mr. Tatohmax, as he advanced upon him, and treading on his toes, forced 'him baok- wards " How should I klnow, idiot ? A drunken, mad gipsy, for ainght I know or care." Mr. Tatohmax placed his hand on the colonel's chest, and thraust him back in turn, as he screamed loudly, with pursed-up lips and scarcely visible eyes "An important witness for your client, colonel. I wouldn't' offend her if I were you.. She krnows 'you- she knows you there's no doubt about that. Perhaps you owe her somothiig? " ' ' "Rotparltion I" shrieoked a woman's volse from theo'corridor. Thoun followed a harsh laugh, which died awayin the distance. Before it had ceased, Ldlfd Bolvoir, ad dtressing Mr. Rokoby, without noticing the last inoident, said, with dignity, yet with some impatience " These are really very childish and im proper proceedings at such a time as this., There may be,, and it appears there are, separate claims to the title and the estate; but: they cant be adv.?naod '~tinrn th'.?walyyt?)75_ farty, anroazrtho-sutuimom.taao atwd.ptao.. "il?oa, hoar," gurgled Mr. Ohough Jur-' goson. "At toe present monment our sole object es to hear the will road, and to learn the dis positiones, the last wishes and instructions of the late earl," he continued.. '.' When we know them we can contest for the right of giving them force; but now, iokroby, lot us assume an attitudo of 'decorous silence, and listen attentively, to .Mr. Ohough' Jurgeson while he reads the', testamoit.. I must re quest you, in the name of myself and those hero'proesoit,, although they, may have in terests conflicting with mine,'to assume the positidn,.you did at the funeral prooosalon and instruct-command, if necessary, Mr. Chough Jurgoson' to produce the will and road it." . . . There was ua murmur of oonourrenco from several of those present, and Mr. Rokoby readily.ssented to the lproposition. Hie glanced roid'tho apartment, expeeting to see his son as an interested spectator; but neither he nor his cousin.Bortioe were' presoent,. and Colonel Waldron, in a curious die. comfitod kind ofway, had fallen back among three or four of the oldest tenants-at.will' on the estates, who hbd craved permission of the magnate, Mr. Obough Jurgeson, to be pro= sent on this oconesion, that they' might learn how,.the old earl had disposed of them and theirs, . , ' ' ' ' The colonel did not intend to take his do parture until he lihad learned what 'the will contained, andi how far Gabrielle viWks' In terestod. : But lie was in a "cold porapiratiod at what he hiuld hoeard from Lord Bolvoir and Mri. "Tatohalmax, ad silck at hesrt with an in definable forehoding of 'what was to follow a mnting with one Whomi itn years gone paest he had m tst basely wroiiged. ' ' ,Mr Rkeoby fooling more at his oass, he knoiw not why, by the absence of Wilfred, and sueing that h lihau thie concurrono of the mijo'lty prreesat, addressed Mr. Ohough Jur geson in ednelliatoey toris, disoieeod the qiiostlon temperately with him, nand pointed out that he had no reol iiithority to refuse to read the will, whereas if there was any weight to rbs atteached to the statements of both Lord Bolvoir and Mr. Tatehmax, ie had some thing ik un inuthority for doing so. Mr0 Ohough Jergsomi loolted ns if he bad boon cold and hot by tuns during Mr. Rokoby's speech, and quito irresolute whae stop tw take. At length, however, after several preliminary coughs, ha said huskily " M'. Rokoby, my lord, and gentlemen, I cannot hut fool that I am but a more hnstri moet In this matttr, and that beyond a logacy I taice no further intorest under this will." "'Who are the:execntors?" abruptly do manded Colonel 'Wldron from his hIrking place,' ' iBeileedo I "'oxohtlmed covoral angry voloao. "'Will 'you be good enough to keep your ponos? s iuggeott'd Mr. Tatihmnx, orewinag up Oyes and lips viciously. " Or shall we sond for the woman with the fiery eyeoa? " " You will know all in good time,' oborvod Mr. Ohouhii Jui'gson, a little more bhildly. "In the meantime, Mr. Rokoby, you will do well to consihor that thero are eome very i, mnarhiiblo, vory 'straruge, very torriblo dla closures in the will, whish priidonoa and dis oration would coun?ol not to be made public that is tob publio." " Mr. Itokoby is not alone to be considered in this matter," oboserved Lord Bolvoir tartly; ' but Mr. [loklcehy has ignored all further conooaloent, thereforo read the will. "Right," supported Mr. Tatohmax, as usual, "publicity is our desiro. Opon day, broad sunlight, and all that sort of thing." S" Road the will," exclaimed Mr. Rokoby, with impatient emphasis, as if he worn Ihoartsick of the disocusion, Road I We will deliberate afterwards." "Vory well, Mr. Rokoby, and gentlemoen," rejoined Mr. Ohough J.urgoeson, pulling down his white wrist.bands below the cuffs of his shining black coat. ." 1 oast upon, your ishouldors the whole responsibility of. this transaitction, and I will, road the will." SEverybody uttered a sigh of reloief,, and tmurmurs of congratulation wore freely ox pressed. Mr. Ohoughl Jurgeson pointed to an iron. bound, largo, massive oak chest, which hod stood near the open firoplace hitherto un-, noticed. ..'.,In this ,box," he said, resuming his pompous, p~ufly tones, " rest theo last-vary Iist-diroections of the late oarn as I took them from his mouth. I may say that his. lordship died a very different man from what ho had lived. He regretted, with groat bit-1 tornoso, the harsh tyranny with which ho' had driven Iris twina sons frnom him, and ho oxplainod, in writing as well as vorbally, that it was owing to the machinations of one, that the other was cast from him with curses, disinheritod as far as it was possible, and pursued with acrimonious rancour to his. death. It is a pity that heo died, for that box contains documents and proofs which are incontoestiblo, verifying which of the twin brothers was the older son, and, thore fore, the hoair to the titlo and estates, and alsodoods, which, as far as possible, would have componsated him for the unkind treat moot ho had received from his angered parent." " Which of the two sons does it prove to be the older?" interrogated Lord ]3olvoir, eagerly. "Gray or Gay?" " "Ay I " exclaimed Mr. Tatohmax, rub bing his hands, "Which-Guy or Gray ? Which, Jurgoson?" "Guy or Gray-Gray or Guy I Upon my word, I forget; but, we shall soon know," returned Mr. Jurgeson, loftily. "TThere are other documents, too, of an extraordinary charactor, which confer fabulous wealth-" "Open the box," interrupted Mr. Tatch max, with visible anxiety. "You are such a while, Jurgeson." , Mr. Ohough Jurgeson gave him a look of ineffable scorn, drew ;forth a bunch of keys, and applied one he sleotod to the look, while all present drew up and crowded round him. But the key would not turn the wa' heo moved it. He turned it the opposite way, and the bolt shot with a loud oliok. " Why, it was unlooked, Jurgoson I " cried Mr. Tatohmax, with excitement, "You have looked it-unlock it again. Look sharp I You arc ouch a while I" Mr. Ohough Jurgeson's hand trombled; but he did as he was requested. He turned the key and lifted up the lid of the lchest, which hIe had laid back, antd. then ho looked into the box. SItwas empty! I Mr. Ohoughl Jurgeson looked into the empty space distrauh?ht, ,. rng - hoar o gisý-od, in untearthly. tones. ' I naw them-checked them.. lio turned round to the astounded throng, and sputtered, hoarsely "Robbed I- roblbd 1.- stolen I A thief has stolen the will, and all the documents con neooted with it." ' Then he fell down' in a fit,. •" OIrArVT XXXIII. Mr. .lokeby'Was not tohe only individual in the little picturesque village church on that Bstormy day who was troubled with perplexing visions during the interment of the lato Earl of Tomplooanibo with the many christian names. Among those whoso' eyes roetlessly and eagerly wandered with an anxious scrutiny over the many curiously various counten ances gathered there, all heedful, concerned, but none apparently betraying'grief for the departed earl, was Wil Rokeby. Hie had hoiard quite enough during the squabble at the Priory in reference to the heir-at-law to intensoly interest him, and in his self-imposed character of amateur deteo tive he perceived with quick saganoity how much thereowas to develops, and how diffi cult the extraordinary mystery would be to them. Therefore, on arriving at the church, he at one separated himself, in silence and swiftnoes, from his party, acd determined to minigle with the various groups collected, unobserved and unnoticed if he could, but under any circumstances as quietly and glid ingly as if he wore his own phantom. He had had experience enough to know, or at least hle had the shrewdness to conjec ture, that valuable facts are frequently derived from scraps of information gathered piecemeal in different places and from va rious persons. lie could soee assembled there a numerous body of the nlato earl's tenantry, and of them groupod together wore come of the oldest-two or three very aged-who, with their heads close together, wore whisporing garrulously, nodding, wink ing, and gibbering at each other, while they pointed signifloanutly to the dead earl's vault. To their immediato neighbourhood hle made his way, and, while he seemed to take no notince of them, he listened intently, and strove to catch what, in their strange languago, they wore communicating to oash other. " cI morhual nil sid benomen" was an in jnnotion to which, if they had over heard it, and it in very doubtful if they had oven from the lips of "parson," they paid very little hood. They talked very freely, alboit in an undertone, of the dead, and they said a great deal of him that was not good. It was clear, however, they wore acquainted with many strango oirenuietancon, the utter anoes of which gave Wil a clue to two or throe quarters in which to purseo the inves. tigations he had dotormined to make. One wiry octogenarian, whoso face looked as if a seolf- taughnt grainoer had painted it in imitation of old oakl, and it had cracked groatly in the ounohino, stood with his head inclined to the toothless gums of an older frioend, who was mumbling stories of the departed earl, in what hie irroverontly termed hise " hell-fire days," ojaculating every now and thenou "ah I l " in a con firmatory tone, ano if hlie had leithor boeen identiflad with the reokleos and depe?rnto excossos,' or had known them woll by roport. This loan and tough old farmer, whoso sunken eyes gleamed, and whose cup.like month curved overy now and then into smiles at what he ought to have boon shocked at, if ho had any shook loft in him, suddenly startled Wil by remarking, with a very poculiar significance "Al ! un! ahl ! Well, I don't believe in ghostos an' spoctums, I don't." I've had a good innin's at the stumps in the game o' life, I have, an never seed nothen' unairthly 'sept what come out o' too much boor. No. body never saw a ghost as warn't as drunk as David's sow-a boon near upon that myson a time or two, at wakes an'. snobh likes, an' yet I never seeood no ghostos." ' "What o' that, foythor ?" interrogated a burly old dame, whose ouar was as near to the previous talker's month as' "feythor's" lihad boon, and whoso 'sonsd of simoll was thorofore obsolete. " Eli, lass " he rejoined-she looked the mother of thousands-" a know Guy Lut troll when he war ai boy; a taught 'un shootin', ridin', baitin'-oeh, a lot o' spoorts. I war allus with 'un-I bred his dogs for'm. I wur allus with 'un, follored 'un like a spannel, uintil 'un got too bad for I. He wur a mortal bad 'uni, hlie wur." "Woll, foythor," ejaculated the lass, in torostedly, " what o' that? What be that to do along o' ghostos?" " Al I " muttered the old man, turning his eyes towards the church door, slowly, "folks have said hlie be dead; but I saw him in churchyard this blessed day, if over I saw livin' man." "Toot I toot!" mumbled his friend, derisively; "a maun a beoon his ghost, then. Why, maini alive, it wur Guy who wur killed by his brother Gray-a knows the old ooman as saw 'n bloodun an' dead." "Yah! " champed the former speaker. "Lyin' old Sal Ohatters, I o'poso?" "Not she. Summun noas kInow'un bettor 'an she," was the prompt reply. "I means old Phillis Blythodalo, who brought 'un an' Muster Gray inter wurld, for doctor warn't come when they wore born. She as could toll, an' nobody else, which was first coom, an' which, an they had lived, 'ood ha' boon fust served, an' be earl now." This remark caused Wil's heart to leap into his mouth. fHeoro was evidence, indeed, to be secured. It struck him that he had somewhere heard the name before, he could not now remember where; but whether lihe had or not, he determined to obtain the ad dress of the old woman mentioned. He hold, his breath while the speakers wont on, for they gave him further informa tion, which startled him almost as much as that he had just proviously heard. "An' sho says she saw Guy Luttroll dead earl's son-a corpse, did sho?" ejacu lated the tenant farmer with the old oak face, sneeringly. "She did; an' a bloeove her," responded his friend. '"An' a bloovo.my own two eyes as ain't failed me yet, and I've had putty slght o' work out of 'em, too," was the rejoinder. " A tolloo a saw Guy Luttroll in t'flesh make a dash at chief mourner sittin' yon. A know'd him in instant. Many men ha' marks an' signs to know'm by; but a never saw but' onoe man Iha' a blood-rod band, brisht as scarlet clotikglpgpdlnjlyd-a psytr aa toworiin' passion, but Guy Luttrell, an' a saw that man at churchyard gate when proces sion war formin'." "You mean hlie who fastened on Squire Eokoby," chimed in a third member of the group. "An' twar Squiro Rokoby-I mean ho," wans the reply. "Nay, may, he war no Guy Luttroll, he wlr Mark Jarrott o' Hazolbrook. A know 'un. I ha' sold 'un corn for his stalbles," re joined the previous speaker. ," All one for that, ho be Guy Luttrell or Guy Lnttroll never lived. , You can't do cive me in his face. Tho devil don't brand two of his babboos ozackly loikeo," persisted old oaken face. At this moment, like a flash of silverlight, the enchanting face of , Mark Jarrott's Daisy gleamed in Wil's eyes from the shadow of an arched aisle, and then as quickly vanished. For the instant he fanoled his vision had deceived him, atndl lie had been permitted a glance at the angel face of a wandering Peri fresh,from paradise ; but as'quickly he refleooted that she would hardly have adopted for head-wear the swootest of little jaunty sable hatse, bofoeathorod from the raven and osprey, the latest of the most modern types. Therefore, Mark Jarrott's Daisy must it be, and with her he, would confor. For strong upon him was the memory of the strange,, sudden, and .foierce oncounter between Mark and his father, and he con ceived the notion that, as sho had previously warned ' him of : Mark Jarrott's ill-will towards any one bearing, his name, she might be able to furnish him with the origin of the bitter animnosity subsisting bo twoontthom, and afford him the opportunity of making peace between them, or of secur ing her for himself, in opite and in defiance 'of the inoxtinguishiablo difforoeces of their common guardians. So ho left the rustic, gabbling group with the same phantom-like movement as before, and attempted to cross the nave, to gain the spot where he had soon the visage dearest to him in the whole created world; but at the same time the coffin containing tho mortal remains of the late earl was just being low ored into the vault, and the spootators in the body of the church moved forward so as to impede his movemonto, and ho was aotually wedged in until the lest rites had boon per formed, and thoro was a general movement towards the door of the church. Thou he made Isis wuy is quickly as he could decorously to the aisle, where ho had soon Daisy; but as, with a bitten lip, hue conjecturcd, not to find her there when he entered it. No doubt she had quitted the church when also perceived that the solemn ceremony had boon brought to a close, and was already miles away. It was in hocordanoe with what he had come to regard at the uupromo fortune that attended his hopos and wishes with regard to her, that he should be ahle to soe her and not to be near her, to hoar the sweot music of her voice and not be permitted to have her gentle words addressed to himself. But he 'pressed forward, olbowed the yielding, and forced-in a gentleman-like way-the stubbore aside. Ho scraped the heels of the sluggish, and trod on the toes of the lagging, and lie gained thme porchway before many in whoso roar he had started. The wind was roaring and howling,', the rain driving in blinding sheets; but he ogazed eagerly through the misty atmosphore,.at every human form visible. It was with a hot flush of angry. ragee he behold, at some distance from him in the roadway, his mother assisted on to her horse by Lord Bolvoir, and impetuously-heo did not stay tp analyseo the impulpo-ho ran to wards them. But his mother long, bofore he could got up to her was in th6' saddle, anid with a friendly bend and a wave of the hand had galloped swiftly away. Lord Belvoir, too, with the nimbleness of a jockey, leaped on to his horse, and set off at a hand-gallop towards the Priory:. In the direction his mother had taken 'i' observed, at this moment of bowildormenf~ for his mother's apparently secret' intimacy. with Lord Bolvoir confounded him-h slight female form on horseback. She was beond= ing before the fury of the storm,; and' going at an easy paceo, unlike his mother, who ihad set off with aspiuoh speood as if she had just started to win a half-mile race. "It is Daisy. There is no one else in' the world like her," ha muttered, with a' eteri enthusiasm, as if he believed'there was one at his elbow to deny his assertion. "She is alone, and I will speak to her again at any risk. Not one word have I had the chance of uttering to her in my own behalf. Of course, she can have no idea how dearly how very dearly-I love her,'. and she might-- But, no, I will shoot any sooun drIl who dares attempt to look on her with loving oyes but myself." Without looking for his cousin Bertie, who had boeen his companion toTemplocombo, or even thinking of him, ihe ran to the place whore he' had loft his horse beneath a thickly leaved elm in chargo of a rustic, tos?od 'him a silver piece, and mounting, set off in "the direction ho ihad seen Daisy take. To.be sure the road was winding, and turned abruptly at a comparatively: short distance, as is the wont of 'country lanes. So, therefore, when even well on his: way, lhe perceived no trace of the delicate young form on the back of a floeet stood of '_which he was in pursuit. i . "No doubt," he muttered, '.potulantly, "it has entered into her sprightly, mis chievous young mind, out of a mere; spirit of rivalry, and notwithstanding what 'has already passed between them, to have ano thor spin with my mother, and-is, of oourse, already three or four miles ahead. I'll'make one in it, however. I am better mouanted than both, and shall run them to a nook, I'll swear." . .. '' .., ( He urged his horse forward with spur and voice, and though the wind blow fiercely, and the rain drove' sharply in his face, he was so possessed with, this singular idea for hIo know that his mother' clung to the ambition of being considered the best, lady horsewoman in the kingdom, and that Daisy was not at all disponed.to yield the' palm- that he pressed onward, expecting at each turn of the road to discern them in the dies tance racing together, as he had once seen them before. Then a thought flashed through his mind.. "If I can only bring them together,", he thought, with a thrill of delight, " my me-. tIhor may prevail on her to accept her ,'guar-I dianship, though I ftilod." ' ge:fro5"pfCrolina ?'y Id' 'hoert,:'ofad:id?ali" eonward swiftly, until lie wooeptrounda bond. of the road, and behold '.a iight which causeod him to rein it his stoodewith a, pow orfeil oheck. , . At no great diiitance from him lhe par-. coived the object of his quaest, but notaloce, yet no signs near her, of' ,hIis? mother? Riding by her side, howover, was a be loaked figure he had no diffloulty in recog nidingr an Mark Jarrott. , Hle at once anathematised his ill fortunme, and almost as quickly resolved to overtake, and join the unquestionably ill-assorted pair, for it oeourred'to him,that if theo memory of. theo oaken-vianged taiirmuso was worth the yoariest trifle, Gu'y Luttrell, son of' th; Earl of Tem-, plooombo, had boon for, yearsliving ?in the; disguised name of Maerk Jarrett. ,;; f thisi should prove to be the truth, who, aisyr really was wouldi be a matter of no little im portanooe. '.'' ' e, si Those con ectures sot his leoart beating wildly, but did not deprive hin of ,nought common sense to induce him to: adopt a me doreato pace, and not ride up to thome'as .if?heo were carrying a reprieve of .'a, valuable life, with not a socond to spareoto aceomplishr his, task successfully. ' "' ,... l, f , . An easy cantor enabled him to observe thati Delasy was mounted on a boast with a ver awkward temper, who did not like the wild' whistling blasts of the wind, or the irregular. sweoeps of the cold rein, and displayed roe tiveness; prancing and curvetting in anything' but a frolicsome way. To his surprise, like wise, he noticed that Daisy did not appear to have that control of the animal which he had; hitherto seeoon her display with so much oese-. that, indeed, her manner, if anything, betoe-' koned timidity, and,Mark Jarrett was not only giving her counsel, bat oven rodo up to her; and stretched out his hand to catch hee' horse's' bridle, with apparently the intention of load-' ing him. HIe 'we, however, ueldenly deprived of right, hearing, and breath by a gtet of wind which as nearly as possibla resembled a tor nedo. The wind roared, howled, and screeched ; the tress boat-bowaed; bronches trnd twig, crashed and t e apped, anei for ecu instant et stemed that a brotd shoot of water was whirled over anui past him. It was, however, bute a filrco squall, of transiont duration, and when he was able to recover his vision-and he lost not cc rioond of time in doieg os-ho diacovered that where Daisy had eoon was nu empty apesco, and thtat Mark ,Jhrrott was orgegeed in a florns conton tion with hli horse to maintain anything like eontsrol over him. It requeired no noeond Ilhought to seeggest to hie what had beo,,ie df Deiey. It rvai ohare that her heoran hlad obtained the mastery, and hd goeee away with hor--.leeavee only know whero. Never did le conagrateel to himeolf eor' upon beeing renet,.,d upon a high blooded, high-sourerdei, esowoerfl, and swift horse, peorfetly broklee ie , theen reow. In lo?ss thiee a einetjee he tind oselpt, lest Mark Jarrett, witihout ee word to, withont a look et him. Anotie'r eeoeeeeeit, only, it eeoomed, and le hecl i(,eedei over tn sineueoui!5 wind of tbo road, and gaierci a chnee,,r rtretch of the apparcetly intorreireclhe hiro, rlen be hold bsfor' him, i full ilighe, ae he lee con jsetared, the stoed on which tlre feir yoerrg Deeley was seated. :lie wan ?thctfloe to flue that she ha.d nut. only evidently lost her usual control of the horse, but her presence of mind, and that instead of maintaining her seat with the graceful ease and dignity which had beeoon a remarkable foeature in her equestrian skill, she was actually clinging to the pommel of her saddle. Yet further was lie amazed when her horse, in its panic, instead of following the winding of the road, leaped a fence and breast.high bedge before him, to hoear it wild, affrighted, piteous shriek burst from her lips as she dis appeared from his sight. 1'o put his own horse to the same hedge, though at a more difficult spot and a severer jump, was but the work of cn instant, and he landed in a park.like stretch of grasy land, sloping down to a broad sheeoot of water, which, indeed, was an extensive branch of the Kennot, on its way to the Thanmes, greatly swollen by the late rains, much increased in the speed of its flowing-too wide for a leap and too deep to wade. He took all this in at a glance, but also, to his increased astonishment, the form of Daisy, cowering, croueching, clinging to her saddle like a terrified child, displaying no single trace of that wondrous, hligh.-otled courage she had exhibited when riding on the edge of a precipitous cliff, conscious that a false step or a slip of her horse would involve hert in stant destruction. There was, however, no time to think, for the descent to the river wat more rapid than it looked, and, as is mostly the cease in such predicaments, the rapid heating of his horseo's hoofs upon the turf in pursuit only stimulated Daisy's stood to greater exer tions, and it dashed into the river, was off its feet,. and swimming wildly down the centre, before ho had got within fifty yards of it. He, however, brought down his whip upon the flanks of his own unimal, and gored its sides with his spore, so that it flow like a dooeer; but to his infinito rage and mortification, on reaching the brink of the river, it stopped dead short, nearly flinging him over its head, backed, whirled round, and bolted with him. It is impossible to conceive the frenzy which seized him at this unexpected action of his horse. That Daisy must be drowned unless she receioved instant aid he did not doubt; that he could save her, with the help of his horee, he was convinced, and an terrifiestrugglo instantly ensued between him and the animal. All that he know in the art of equitation, all that a courageous determination, a strong wrist, and whip and spur could accomplish, hlie essayed with a desperate rapidity and a maddened per sistency; but in vain. His horse would not face the water; but eventually, after leap ing, plunging, circling, roared high up in the air, and fell over on its side, bearing Wil with it. This incident did not, however, overtake him unprepared for it. As the horse was falling, he slipped his foot fsom the stirrups, inclined himself to the upper aide of the animal's body as he turned over, was free from him as he reached the ground, tore off his coat, and plunging into the river, swam at his best, speed in the direction which Daisy's horse, with her slight form scarce visible above the water, was taking. ...co ?hersivxi?n-tg----vi rlivbYttilltt"i object to be achieved paramount to consider tions of 'personal safety, a man who is a respectable natatorial can swim like a fish, and keep himself afloat as long as his physical powers remain unoxhaustod; and thus, though it was raining and blowing fiercely, and there was a dull hazeo on the chill water, rendering a swimming-bath any. thing but a simple or easy task, Wil thought nothing of the peril or the disagreeable con dition of things, but only of Daisy, and the chance of saving her life. It gave him power, resolution, porseover ance, and unflagging tenacity of purpose. It gave him spooed, and a kind of ferocious determination to rescue her or perish with her, and ho swam direct tothe struggling horse, which was plunging now towards the shore, anon down the river, and again towards the side he had quitted, snorting and whinnying, yet more terrified, if that were possible, than the young girl fainting upon his back. It Was 'this uncertain progross which afforded Wil the only opportunity he had of overtaking the frantic animal. Indeed, he did not actually overtake him, for he ond donly behold a white young angel face float ing on the surface of the water-nay, slowly settling down beneath it-and with a gasp and a;ory, he recognised it, passed a hand and arm tenderly beneath it, and boud ing his humid, smarting eyes towards the green, sedgy banks on the opposite side to that he had quitted, and which to his dim aight appeared to be the nearest, he uttered a short, earnest prayer to God not to desert him now,,and with.l all the strength he had left made for them. He, took no fuirther boed of the horse, whthco'eill hkept drifting down the rives', but sought for the nearest and safoot spot for a landing., ' ',frem silgyfleg?, strotohiing s'ore distanoo from the bunks, huq knew to be dangerous apots, for they not only indicated beds of deep eoae be neath, but they would entangla fatally his limbs if. he got.amongst them. Then;,.t'oo, ha 'aw, as lie was home down by' the ,swifily-increasing aipidity of Iht stream, that the hanks 'c t li? iver net only anconded 'ihjidily,' but that they weri, artificially made, and Iiniitained by stodc nih 'wooden' piles, and' hlit, tholgh ilmost frees ''fro redsad and sod'gi, 'tie witer was v'cry deei'i' ath them, tind offered him no availlble dhnide o'l laeilini'g. Al "this' moiment a lowii dull, 'booming sdthili caught his 'ear, ianr a fteeling of lisk. g'ih'ct tlasi d' . .ir tiriugli his brain, for ho ti.e tested is its matning eoiiid the awculiar noise made by a irgsg body' of wiitsr tlliig over a w I r ', liaid ro dlibt tliut he was hinig rii'dly" drhwn to one of greint ditnousioii loes exlootlitio'n, if cirried over it, of seoccsa. fully struggling with the waters of tbo damp basin into 'which tha hugs volume of that swvollen ha ti'n ll.' Even with this desperate peril immirnnet, 'he sharpened aihearng caught the catai of carrisgocwhe'd. lie turned his eyes again to the river banks, and beheld a low phaeton, drawn 'by a pair of poaios, containg two young ladios, one of whom was driving, trotting rapidly paest, him towards the woir, along 't roadway which hs hiad been uasbte t.o ass ".~ ' " ',' ,, ' ' ' ' " , : . . lie shouted lustily to them, nnd thv'both tured their facen towsrls hie4bait only far a sooQnd, for the young lady who hold the reins whipped up the ponies sharply, and in a moment more they were out of night. His heart sank within him. lie turned his eyes upon the pallid face, go alose to his own be could have kissed it, and he saw. its eyes were closed, that it was whiter than marble and betrayed no signs of life. " Dead I " he mattered, with a sudden frenzied paroxysm of tears. "Dend I dead I Why should not I perish too ? What will be the world to me without hdr ? " As if in answer to this agonised utterance, a sodden shout startled him. He heard the splashing of oars; he saw a dark object swiftly approaching him. It was a boat, con taining two men, and maklting swiftly for him and his lifeless charge. After this he had only at confused sens of being hauled into the boat; of being landed; of bearing his Daisy in his arms to a car ringe; of being whirled att a mad gallop through an aventue of trees up to a house; of hanging like a delirious lunatic over a white, white fate ; of seeing a pair of eyes open and gaze upon him, a pair of tiny lips part and smile upon him; of hearing a buns of voices, like a choir of angols, chanting "shel livesl " and then he remembered no more. (f2b be coatieted.) 