; /.THE' COMING.- COMET. . ' (Saturdav Review.) < " 'Nervoub people, "as it is creditably. stated, ' liavebeen put to great anxiety by tbe announoe- menVwMch recently' appeared in the papers, tbat a distinguished astronomer had discovered o mnnot.rniia. rinmhf; l'lishillrr straifrlit towards us "' -with amazing vapidity from' the remote -. abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course -witti.as little tendency to dtyiation'as.though it,; wete ruririing', upon rails. Some friendly i planet might by possibility put foi- tlr a helpf ; ing; hand,- and twist the approaching monster fromritSj Coui-sej as the hero, of a novel diverts the. runaway, steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. ; Good-natured astronomers have "taken pains to explain that there is no sucli comet ' coming j that, if it were .corning, it would ;be a .very welcoriie. visitor ; and that we have already passed through a comet, and ' / found it "less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are -ter? ribly prosaic . people. Tliey .'ought surely to \- understand .that - they , are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boy- "hiood—for. even astronomers have .been boys —snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other;; supernatural dangers with which tlio. "childish ' imagination loves to people the dim borders? of its ljttle wor-ld 1 Would anybody willingly give up that' delicious feeling 'of super-, stitious, awe which was at once the charm and terror of his . early .years, and have all phan toms, suppressed till the world should be no' more haunted than a railroad station 1 As-; tronomers have ; already taken temble liber ties witli the comet of our childhood. The. -huge fiery' monster plunging through the sky i mthj a'1 jdeatlr-dealihgikil has been tyeighedj and.: measured, and bad, as it were, a inathe- nratical lrook put in his jaws, till his impres-j sivcrioss has departed from him. We know! 'the, legend " bf' - Cuvier's descent -into the in-i fernal regions/ and of his declaration that the, honrs. and hoofs which terrified our infancy, were unriristakeable proofs of a gramiuivor-- ous nature. ' Even so the comet lias been low-, e'red in popular' estimation 'till our skies'lravei become as, empty of horrors as Hyde Park of; ttgers. Sir Wl . Thomson, indeed, .Was kind, enough last autumn to revive some, of our .ancicmt alarms, and to assmc us. that, some .time or ; other, ; the world would be smashed into atoms, like a bur-sting shell, by a fate as; inexorable as - tbat wbicb will bring about. a- cbllision-at a metropolitan juhctiqu. Of cour-se his fellow-philosophers found fault with some, of his details, . for science . is a remorseless enemy to poetry. . Let us, however, for a brief period "daily1 with ifalse surmise, ":and endeavour to i-eturn to the simple faith' of- a child. . Let us ima-: gine that the astronomer has really prophe sied our approaching fate, and that tiie pro phecy is correct.:;. Within .a few weeks we shall be able,, without tire help of telescopes, to- see the little cloud no bigger than a man's baud, and fraught with omens more dreadful than . have .ever before affrighted the lruman rabe. . ..It will grow/slowly at first, but after/ wards . with a rate of increase' almost percep- ' tibie to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky.; Will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night "by night : We shall .watch its terrible growth, arid before long itr will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The tem- perature will , rise to be first tropical, and then hotter, than ariytbing tbat is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time /during which 'we shall he conscious of excessive heat .will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging toward each other at a pace - compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will ci-ash' into each other1 with a hideous collision, If we happen to be placed bet ween two such antago nists, ' we. shall . riot have' titoe even for an ejaculation.''; The petty race, of insects that orflwls amorigst.the little excrescences on'the j,. earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. , On the other, side of the . World we shall, : perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. -We shall, see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rains, and -be ourselves 'serit'spinning into, space just as' the'dust— fo indulge in a humble simile t is knocked, oiff the under side of a carpet by the blows /upon its upper surface. For an in stant we shall have a glimpse of tlie broken fragments of 'the1 earth starfcing'off; each ori its;new career, ;to whii-1 through the universe, cacti bearing with it— so we shall remember on the faith of a President of a British Asso ciations-some minute germs to be planted, if 'thtyhaye good luck, on some distant planet arid there to. begin, over again. that endless . process of evolution whioh will have come to so. ; summary a conclusion here. Or, if We. . please, we may contemplate another alterniir tive, and suppose that we just miss the nu cleus of' the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the eternal ' ice "'of the ; poles, and singe tli e - world into the likeness of an Ameri can prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes gradually to be converted into mud as .the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated ' planet. Alas l ive cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writ ing , under the superintendence of Dr Climi- ming, might, possibly, be equal to the task of ..describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she- only gives .one such mind at a.time-; ' We have ventured to suggest the bare out lines of a purely imaginary picture which our 'readers 'must fill; up : for themselves. Jt is rather curious to Inquire What, -Would' be the state- of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be predicted on scientific grounds, ' and ' we wert> really to believe the men of science; 