LA.RRNG OF "HE I-OUNDATIOV-STONE OF ST. BARNABAS'S CHURCH, BAL- RANALD. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] The foundation-stone of St. Barnabas's Anglican Church was laid last Mondsy afternoon, in the presence of the greater portion of the inhabitants of the town. The ceremony was performed hy Mrs. Yarrington, the wife of the ineumbent. The rhildren of the township, to the number of 100, were gay with rosettes, while flags and banners of various hue were borne by the boys, who were evidently proud of their part in the day's proceedings. The weather was most propitious, snd great interest was manifested by all in the pleasing ceremonial. At the time appointed, the proceedings were commenced by tbe singing of a hymn (241, ancient and modern.) The Rev. Hr. Tarrington tben resd tbe 118th Psalm, and engaged in prayer; after which Ur. E. B. Mitchell, the pnlioe magistrate, stepping forward and addressing Mrs. Tarrington in the following words, presented To her a valuable trowel, provided by special contribution :—"Mrs. Tarrington,—I have been requested by the Building Committee to ask you te lay tbe foundation-stone nf this, the first church ever erected in this district. I do so with much pleasure, believing that you, as the wife of our respected minister, without whom, no attempt would ever nave been made to erect a church here, are the proper person to perform this duty." Mrs. Tarrington, expressed her pleasure in Receding to the request, and having performed the ceremony, in a distinctly audible voice declared the stone to be well aud truly laid, in tbe name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Hr. Mitchell then addressed the assembly in eloquent terms, expressing-the deep interest which all must feel in the ceremony they had just witnessed. Many of us (said the speaker) shall in all probability have passed away before many years have elapsed, having either removed to some other locality, or passed on to that bourne from which "no traveller returns—but wherever we might be, we should not easily forget the proceedings of this day; and the children now present may, many of them, reside in this district until they have grown old, and tber, too, would remember, with mingled emotions, the "bright and sunny evening when the first stone of the Church of St. Barnabas was laid in Balranald. Trusting that Mr. Tarrington, the zealous and devoted pastor of the church might long be" spared to preach the word of God and administer tbe rites of the ehurch in their midst, Mr..Mitohell concluded his speech amid the cheers of the assembled people. Tbe Bev. Mr. Tarrington then addressed the assemblage. They (said the rev. gentleman) had so often listened to him, that he was sura they would be perfectly satis6ed with only a few remarks. He was, indeed, thankful to see so large an assemblsgs present on this suspicious occasion. Though the ceremony which they had ju»t witnesood was in itself of a simple character, it derived its significaney from association and its honour from antiquity. The first foundation-stone or pillar ever erected was. perhaps, that on which Jacob had rested his head when there appeared tbe vision of the angelt ascending and descending—representing the pravers of G<KTS people ascending to Heaven, and their answers descending therefrom. " This," said Israel, " is none other than the house of God, the very gate of Heaven." All the developments of the intellectual energies of man found for themselves appropriate abodes and substantisl realisation; commerce was represented by magnificent buildings, such as tbe Roysl exchange, the magni6crnt bank, or the stupendous warehouse ; learning bad its seats in university aud college, amid whose silent cloisters, longdrawn corridors, or stately halls, the student loved to hold converse with the illustrious dead ; the fine arts, science, literature, all had magnificent picture galleries, museums, or libraiies; the Psgsnsof old built their glorious temples, whose ruins are still msgnificent, to tbe honour of their imaginary deities—should not we, then, build a hnnse to the glory and honour of the only true and living God, where men might worship Him, and heir the glad tMingsof salvation through a crucified Redeemer declared unto all f Mr. Mitchell then called for three cheers fot Hr. and Mrs. Tarrington, whioh am heartily responded to, as alra were cheers given to Mr. Mitchell and the Building Committee. The church is to be built of brisk, 46 feet by 23, internal measurement. The sum of £25 wan placed upon the atone, under whieh was a bottle, containing coins of tbe realm, copies of the Pastoral lima and the Town and Country Journal. The Assembly dispersed much pleased with the manner in whieh the whole ceremony had been conducted. 