BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. The business meetings of tbe annual session of the Baptist Union of New South Wales was held on Wednesday in tbe Bourke-street Churoh, Woolloomooloo. Tbe Kev. A. W. Webb (Chairman of the Union for the ensuing year) presided. The Newtown, JBourke-etrae. and Walleend English Baptist Churches were admitted to the Union. The Rev G. Sheppard was elected Secretary to tne union. The report of the Union and reports from most of the Churches connected with the Union were read. It was agreed — '1. That a model trust deed be printed and published with the report of the Union this year, for circulation among the ohurohes, with a view to its full discussion and adoption at the next annual meeting. 2. That instead of a schedule of doctrine there be inserted a statement holding the doctrines of the sinful nees of man, the need of the Holy Spirit for conversion, the divinity of Jesus Christ, and atonement for sin. by His death, the divine inspiration of the Bible, the resur rection of the body, rewards and punishments in a future state, and tbe baptism of believers only by immersion. 3\. That a committee be appointed to prepare the deed for publication, such committee to consist of the chairman, the fteve. J. Greenwood, F. Hibberd, T. Robey, Mr. T. Palmer, and Mr. J. H. Palmer.' On the motion of the Rev. A. Buiu-ETT,tb.e Revs. James Greenwood, A. W. Webb, and G. Sheppard were appointed a deputation from the Union to wait upon the Congrega tional Union at its next session, with a view to confer with them on the subject, and to secure, if possible, united action. mine evening, tne annual meeting was neia in tbe Bathnrst-etreet church, when the chairman, the Rev. A, W. Wibb, delivered the subjoined ADDRESS. I thank you for the expression of esteem and confidence im plied in my election to the office of your chairman. I must con fess that, whilst I would by no means underrate its honours, I feel that they oppress me less by far than its responsibilities. These culminate in the address which I am now expected to deliver. You expect niy utterances to be indicative of wisdom, freighted with devout thought— excitive of humility, stimulating' zeal, and ministering to general profit. I trust in the Master far the necessary equipment te fulfil in some' Email measure your expectations. Before proceeding further, I must congratulate yon upon having incorporated in the Union, with one exception, every church bearing the name of Baptist. I compare the united con dition of our body with the condition in -which it was when first, nine years ago, I took my place amongst you. Surely there is reason for thankfulness to Cod that our efforts towards a better state of things than then existed have been crowned with such success. This has not been the result of any unworthy compro mises in matters of Divine truth, but to the growth of the spirit of forbearance and a determination to work together, notwith standing acknowledged dulerenccs of belief, solar as such co operation was practicable. My honoured predecessors in office have been -wont to introduce their interesting and impressive addresses by a review of the condition of the European world. They were fully justified in such a course, for their term of office fell in times so njomentous that the great movements which filled the world's eye were not to be warrantably passed unnoticed. But at such ever accelerating paces do the world's politics proceed that although two years ago we could think of nothing but war, now all the earth is quiet and at peace. This year has been one of such comparative uncventfulnesB that I may excuse myself from either reviewing at length its events, or hazarding a speculation upon the political future of this interest ing planet of ours. Our position reminds me of the morning- after a terrific storm. At midnight we looked from our casement, and saw the outer darkness at intervals and momentarily broken by the lightning, which revealed above the masses of inky clouds, and below the trees wrestling like doughty giants with the tempest's wrath. Whilst the deluged earth glistened in the lurid light like molten lead, and the ' surge most swollen ' bellowed its symphony on the rocky ledges of the shore. And the morning ? It broke so stilly, so bright, so warm, that as, at noon, we looked over the now bloom ing land, and the gently heaving sea, we could scarcely believe the testimony of our senses, so great the change, eo short the period. And so with the political world. The raging storm revealed in the sharp sententious utterances of an electric wire only two years ago, is followed by the return of ' gentle peace,' and as we look upon the hushed scene we can hardly realise its facts. Slay we not rejoice is tbe fact that, whether through rivers of blood or plains of peace and plenty, our God is conducting affairs to the issue of old predicted, and long expected. The horizon of the future glows in the light of Divine promises, with the dawn of [a day that knows no breaks of storm, no vengeful passion wreak, or unscrupulous warfare, but everlasting peace. Leaving, then, the Antipodean world, my remarks to- night will be confined chiefly to our position as colonists of Mew South Wales. Our position as colonists has its advantages and its dis advantages. We have ruptured ties most tender to adventure ourselves in the midst of circumstances novel and exciting. Our daxgers arise from the spirit of radicalism which a position necessarily creates. Breaking away from the oppressive preju dices, the antiquated customs of our forefathers. We may become to intolerant of what is old, as to lead us to cast off the yoke of the true and the useful, and ia our excessive fond ness for novelties adopt what is not only burdensome, but perni cious. It will be well for us to cherish tnat veneration for the old land and its precedents which its history claims for it. Its natural strength bes Hot abated, nor is its eye dim, but the blossoms of mature -wisdom are in the hoary hair, and it becomes the young Australian to reverently rise in the presence of her sire. We must evince more of the spirit of the firetemigrant who, though, moving under Divine guidance, made Haran a resting-place till Teran and the ties; represented in him were gently loosened. Though we cannot justify the faithful Abraham in such a delay, we do not wonder at it. And can it afford matter for wonder if we linger in spirit and affection about a land so worthy of our love as Britain 1 Whose history is eo rich a bequest of honourable progress, of battle for right against might— whose every foot of land from Ultima Thule to the Land's End is fraught with memories of conflicts and victories the memory of which the world -will not willingly let die. Is it a wonder that, only balf conscious of the love-spell which it exercises upon us, and the latent but honest pride we feel in the conviction, we spontaneously call it ' Some 1' No ; for it is the ethnic home, email as it is, of a race fast corering the earth »,-Z the signs of a progress which is more than material, anrt i£r may our children gather the inspiration which lingers abont»uR utterance, ' I am a Briton !'— and may those mysterious S^T6 which we derive from a strange yet wisely ordered compw ;?, ? race, yet in the main making for virtue and honour aaain« i and lalsehood-may these forces be transmitted as a Sracv »» mented in the trust, to our children and our chUdjen'schild'rm'' Bnt if England has a civil history with which we would?' be linked it has also an ecclesiastical history, and I have i * that history wrong if we, as Baptists, have not something wm?u inheriting from our sturdy Puritan ancestry— something that »J» invigorate our hearts in any conflict we may wage cabin? )„*£ exercise of patience and forbearance. What the England of t-T nineteenth century owes to Nonconformists— of whomthe Bantta have formed neither an inconsiderable nor disloyal nart-H, impartial historian well knows. And though now, the batti* once begun in weakness, or only the strength of right, and enn tinned through reverses and successes, is nearly won, yet ?»* cannot forget the history of the conflict. No sublimer exemaif fication of heroic self-sacrifice,1 of leonine courage, can be tmn* than lives of KnoUy and Keffni, of Bunyan and Gifford 3 Hardcastle, and men of their time afford. 'We can die 'w hear them saying, ' but we can never cease with might to oddoiw giant forms of religions wrong.' We will not, we fan not fZJ£ that we are British Baptists. 'onorget But we are colonists. This great land lies before as and wi» have to replenish and subdue it. Its aboriginal tenants har» given us but little trouble in wresting from their hands a treason, the value of which they knew not. It is ours, materially 5 unearth its rich lodes of metal, with plough and harrow to till'iu fat surfece, until its tea-tree ewamps and its alluvial flats ar» covered with laughing harvests of corn and wine and oil it is I fair heritage, fairer than our woad-stained forefathers had fairer than our Puritan ancestry found at Hew Plymouth. And it is onrs t Ycb, to live in, to develope it, to educate our children in it, to richly enjoy it, and at last, if God permit, to yield oS bodies to its trust. Aye, it is ours— but for something more than this, if we are Christian colonists, true to the remembrance of what other colonists of our own faith have done ; colonists too whose position was very parallel to our own. By the remem brance of a people whose history may be told in no Tery cultivated phrase, ana with a strong nasal accent. but who can give us sapient counsel— our American brothers Let us not say our work is done when the forest trees art levelled, when tbe reticulations of golden veins are explored! when our vast coal-fields are yielding their inexhaustible wealth* ?when a harvest of good luok is garnered. ' By the remembrance of the hardy backwoods preacher, wh» carried two axes, one of which he laid to the roots of the trees or with it clave asunder the heat's skull, and with the other (the Word of God) hewed down proud impenitent hearts— by the remembrance of the men whe to the little congregations of in. fantile America, through snow of winter and heat of summer fought their way— men who endured hardness for Christ— aea who knew no material wealth ceuld compensate for a lost soul men with slender education, but large ' noua,' and of vast wis dom—men who valued principle above their lives,— by the re membrance of such colonists as these, who laid the foundation ot our denomination in America, now representing in i g adherent* eight millions, or one-fourth of the people — I challenge you not to forget that whilst yeu are colonists you are Christians, and that of a race to whose instincts you are not true if you do not by tbe same self-denying toil seek the salvation of your fellow-sinners as of first importance, and, whilst giving clear testimony to ysur distinctive principles, take your share in making the wilderness glad, and tbe desert to blossom as the roBc. I therefore shall occupy your time for a little while this evening in speak ing of tee work, duties, and prospects of Australian Baptists. Our work differs materially irom that of our forefathers an4 brethren, our contemporaries in Britain. They were and are Non* oonformiEts, protesting against a principle which they beliers iuiquitnuB and unwise— the alliance of State and Church. A principle violating the plainest teaching of Holy Scripture, and therefore iniquitous ; fraught with mischief in daily experience, and therefore unwise. In this llaiid, however any one Cliurch (ia violation of the precept and spirit of the Master) may assume airs of superiority over another, the law recognises all as equal, none as dominant. Religious conformity secures neither immu nities from suffering nor endowments of temporalities, and it U a piece of impertinence to classify any as ' Dissenters,' save as we dissent from one another. We have as a consequence no protest to raise against the mal-appropriation of moneys for sup porting- a State Church. A Church which whilst with all em bracing motherliness, she gathers round her lap, Evangelicals, Rationalists, and Ritualists to partake of spoils wrested from the people at large (Evangelicals, Rationalists, and Ritualists being equally submissive to her terms), yet refuses a crumb of comfort to the dissidents from her Ritual, or barely endures their existence. Against this injustice our brethren is England are still protest ing nnd nobly contending, and may God defend the right. Here we have whatever energy would be absorbed in this lawful strife set free for nobler work. We may lose some of the esprit de corpt engendered by such a contest, but let us know the closer bonds of a higher union, and intenscr devotion to a service in which -we gladly recognise all the evangelical Churches of Christ as fellow workers, and rejoice in their labours and successes far the one Master. Our numbers arc, relatively to other bodies, smaller in New South Wales than in any other part of English-speaking Christ endom. We have been late iu starting on an ecclesiastical race. We have, in common with our Congregational brethren, reso lutely refused the fostering favour of the State, whilst other bodies have sought it eagerly. Our numbers would be greater if those professing our principles were stanch in their adherence to the cause they once espoused; bat the wealthier Baptists have too often forsaken their own churches and united with these whose temporal condition comported more thoroughly with their own improved status. Moreover, we hare thousands of what liave been facetiously called 'dry Baptists' in the community, men and women who believe fully in Baptist principles, but too feeble in loyalty to obey. But our smaUneu should be an. argument for unwavering fidelity, untiring activity, and unbounded liberality on the part of the few. Yes, few though we be, we have our work to do for the Master. ' Duty is ours, results arc God's.' Our work, as Baptists', demands that recognising the lost but salvabic condition of our un believing fellow- colonists, we should be active in sup plying their religions needs. Each, generation is to the Church a fresh harvest-field, into which tbe sickle of Divine truth is to be put. Whatever advantages belong to our e gc— advantages of an intellectual— or material kind— however advanced in science, literature, and art, we believe that from love of self and enmity to God, the world needs aB much a salva tion as when at the shrine of Thor, our forefathers prostrated themselves with defiling rites. If the Church by any wtod? belief has this conviction deadened, just in that proportion will her testimony be wavering, and her work a failure. Admitted, we live in an age of progress, that the world never wore so pro* mising an aspect, can the nostrums of science reach that radical, that innate diBease which we call sin, and work that cure wui-« we call salvation ? ' There is no physician there ! ' A young land, an embryo nation, is to be turned to God, to uo beloved in righteousness; to be taught that goihness is Hist, end to teach that axiom of religion amidst the ever accumulating stores of material prosperity, to commf generations. This is our work, and if we discover others doing this work faultily, stultifying the Gospel message by admixtures of human invention, by so m'ch the more do--s it behove us to m the work of the Lord faithfully, for if the foundations of our reu gious life are not level, the whole superstructure will reve&iuie; defect. 'We may be discouraged in our work by thinking our influence upon the world is inEignificant. True it is ; but it is a gr ovnsf influence, and its growth implies the diminution of sin and error, and though we may not, others will reap the harvest wears sow ing. Let us not, because our talent is small, bury it, but \tase on place in fulfilling the terms, and that completely, of the K»J» commission of ©nr King, Messiah,— 'Discipling all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the triune God, and Macung them to observe aU things whatsoever the Christ has commamwa ^Our work will be largely modified by the prevailing errors of the day. Truth is everlasting. The errors are ephemeral, weu called the errors of the day. But there never was a day w«w»; them, calliDg forth the militant virtues of the Church, ana m^ ting as defenders of the faith some of her noblest sons. '» nobler was Augustine battling with Pclagius than Nilus s&«™'J| off to Eome lone monastery to count his beads in ignobtomaw^ and imaginary sanctity, a parallel often reproduced in tue _srow centuriei of later times. The Church is a roihtam body. ^ fortress she defends is the pillar and ground tf.'8*™.1?1'.,,^ soon as her reverence for truth abates, her .«hl™50??^ of ! wanes, her vantage ground is lost, and with «-e ?gj^., Latitudinarianism the golden shields indicative of a David's prowess are exchanged for the mean apologies in brass, th sequences of a Babylonian invasion. Young as our history is we are not strangers to various incipient forms of religious error. If the pulpit were uninfected the Press introduces all the latest forms of misbelief to the unsuspecting reader of European literature. Some of the most valuable con tributions to religious literature have lurking under their greenest umbrage and fairest flowers the serpentine form of error, and some of our most favourite novelists indulge in the utterance of opinions which our reverence for Scripture leads us to regard with deepest suspicion if not abhorrence . Infidelity of the broadest character dares to lift her brazen face in our midst, and from behind the honoured name of the Divine Christ, the author and finisher of the faith, proclaims Him as beneath in worth and dignity and knowledge the modern prophets of Pantheism A school of theology has arisen in the professing church itself which would reason us out of our beliefs as too cramped, and if we are to be permitted to retain the nomenclature of a biblical theology it is to envelope us in old clothing new forms, and from beneath the habiliments once reserved for the Hebrew prophet and seer we see smiling calmly, oblivious to the dignity to which they have been rated. Milton and Shakepeare and Dante. For inspiration with this school is simply a synonyme for genius. The atonement is retained as a nam^ ^ ^ vio I ness is eliminated. The substitute for sinners is gone, and who will provide for us a lamb ? The names are retained, but the facts are discarded, and why ?' Because an endeavour having been made to hamonize revealed and infinite truths with the dictates of puny reason, and having been found to be in vain, the stubborn and unyielding truths are quietly removed from their ancient positions and consigned to the limbus of antiquated fashions We must be on the alert. If there be such a thing as Divine truth, there is no room for indifferentism A political injustice menaces us! and bow quickened beat the 'u imagination ! how hastily we combine to cry nulfi£S °* . «' j i d°*? ^'i^se'lies at the portals of the land ! and, at the risk of ^ ^VdSracter for charity, how clamorous we are for rigid losing our ™rrt ^g pntrescent small-pox desolate our coasts ! «uy h.?i we be so confierrotive of our political rights, and so ^.^^r sanitary weUbeing, and not lift our voices in fre heedJ.U«,StaB Against error, and in careful and dogmatic pro 4oe,nt^rfthe truth, knowing, as we do, their respective forces mulpatioD t-i ZtnnA i ioli^ ^«dft chMity'which is false, which is from beneath. Its Ihel? «'ppace 't any price.' There is a charity which is from 100110 .nd over her radiant face, smiling a perpetual benediction a!^Vt ™onthe world, and round her lofty brow is bound her °l H^tlrv onwhich is in* cribed her motto, « The wisdom that p^m above is first pure, then peaceable.' ^^Lrr known error in the Church ©I Christ we must expose ; *! Z&t; hr the favour of friends, and gather around us the frown *?d; cm it may, yet we are set for the defence of the Gospel ; j^fthe union of the Churches of Christendom— a consummation fcnntir tobe wished-is to be bought by unholy compromises, 1 d6M« silences and false flatteries, then better that we be outside the camp where The Truth is, and if needs be, be cruel We see our work, then, comprises two things. First, the pro i «,«t!nn of the truth ; and, secondly, the defence thereof from r_a defence involving vigorous protests, determined on | 'unghts, and that proportioned to the pernicious character of the I *ri°row advance to the consideration of the various means which, T conceive, will render us influential in the accomplishment of By a devout reverence for and adherence to the teachings of There is a danger of our reverence for the Scriptures being cor rupted. The enemies of the Bible are of two kinds, the Rational ists and the Patristicians. It is from the former of these we have most to fear. The attitude of reason is by no means naturally and essentially antagonistic to Scripture; but reason has suffered in the fall and needs regenerating before she can freely serve the ends of a devout philosophy. Then, as a trusted counsillor may she be permitted to hold a light to the student of revelation, and from out her ample stores of scientific truth adduce helps in creasingly numerous and valuable. Rejecting patristic authorities as grossly fallible guides, our forefathers were famed for their rigid adherence to the ipsissima verba of Holy Writ. Let us follow their example. Inductive science, of which they knew but little has done worthy service for the world, but we must not allow its verdicts to shake our confidence in the Bible as the whole counsel of God, and that in contradistinction to those who regard it as containing, mixed with much impurity, the counsel of God. The distinction is essential. If it be that it is mingled, then its assortment into divine and mythical may be the province of man, and that by the faculty of reason. But reason, being a variable power it will be difficult to say whose reason shall be deemed of the proper gauge. The meshes of some minds, sieve-like, -will re tain as worthy of preservation what others will reject as worth less and only fit for the cinder heap of old superstitions, a truce to each sophistry. We are content to take the book as God has given it, believing it to be pure ' as silver tried in a furnace of earth purified seven times.' We rejoice to know that no well authenticated fact of science contravene the revealed mind of Cod. In the year 1806, the French Institute counted more than eighty theories in geology hostile to the Scripture history, not one of which has lived to the present time (Lyell), and we are content to believe that though a hundred more theories oppugned its veracity, and in the esteem of unbelievers, tarnished its lustre, it shall come forth immaculate from the trial. The clouds which hide our glorious sun are not of heavenly birth ; they rise from the fens and marshes and wild watery wastes of earth, and they but for a time dim his lustrous disc, and our doubts and unbelief are begotten of that Sygian pool which lies deep and dark in our hearts, and hide the face of God in His word ; but that word shall yet dissipate every cloud, and whilst they shall perish it remaineth, and they all shall vanish away ; but of the bible, like its Divine Author, we may say ' Its years shall not fail.' If in this new land we would triumph in our warfare against sin and error, let our conviction be firm in the divine authority of Holy Scripture, for it is our armoury of weapons for attack and defence ; and whilst accepting the results of devout criticism on the sacred text, let us cleave to the Bible as the most potent instrument the world has known for its advancement in all that is permanently grand and great. As far as the influence which we exert upon the outlying world goes, of this I am convinced, that for all enduring results any other Gospel than that anciently delivered— the Gospel of the grace of God— is impotent. We have sturdy work to perform, and need divinely-tempered weapons . The dilettantism of some of our modern and un-Scriptural theology would give us a testimony out of which all the sterner attributes of God are eliminated. The very fires of Sinai, the very darkness of Golgotha, on which, as a dark and terrible back ground, the cross has stood out in such lucent relief, these become under their refining process mere theatrical displays, destitute of the awful meaning which a scriptural theology detects. Yen, Calvary itself is only an impressive drama ; its influence is moral, and its uttermost meaning is 'God is love.' For 'afflicted consciences which do groan under, and wrestle with sin,' something more is needed than this tame and cmas culated teaching ; and I have no hesitation in saying that this theology will show itself as powerless in suppressing sin as a spray of rose water would be in subduing the roaring billows of a bush fire. It is a leaver having no fulcrum in the soul of au agonized sinner, and so possessing no power to raise him from despair to hope and God. If we would see the days of Liviag stone at Sholts, of Wesley in Cornwall, of Whitfield amongst the Engsmill colliers, of M'Cheyne at Dundee, and reproduced in our own Australia the work of our beloved Spurgeon, we must proclaim on ihcone hand the convicting law, with all its terror*, and, on the other, the healing Gospel with all its rich comforts, and that despite sneer of philosophic Greek or the cavil of seli righteous Jew. And let it be remembered how entirely our position as Bap tlsto depends upon an adherence to Scripture. So long as we adhere to that our position is impregnable. It is true we may be left behind by an age too fast for God; but, believing that the Word is an infallible guide for every age, we need make no haste to overtake those treading a road which will have to be retraced step by step with repentant tears. If left behind, it will be in good company, for the Master has said ''Follow me,' and with Him as our leader we shall be fast Bj *?J'ig h and forward enough. Let this be the position in which Biblical conservatism shall keep us, and we are then in the very best position for doing Christ's work— whether aggressive or B I may further say, that reverence for Scripture will save us ?B noni that narrowness which is an immense barrier to success, ?J MO give ub that breadth which some affect at the expense of ? 5?iettutn- You cannot have studied the character of the bigot without observing that he elevates some one doctrine or precept to the sacrifice of correlative truths, and often his pet dogma is one of comparative unimportance. Now, the Biblist is delivered from this ; he knows truth is many sided ; he knows that what BJ Sr™ i6e *ery opposite of one truth is often in reality its coni ? i??r and a any man may reaUv claim the title of ' broad,' H tt;i ?-eman.wno reverences the whole counsel of God. He too B i« L KruDmate wi* a delicacy impossible to the man who B nZJ ryn?'ePreJuQice, between what is essential and what is B tfr,T( aV He knows that whatever is revealed is essential, B owl- Balvation Jet to obedience, or to the moulding of a B i!EISnfvbaracter spterical and symmetrical. He knows that B SD™« wnich God nas been pleased to reveal can be (ex B S 7 * generation out of whose heart all disinterested love has B miSTF** ¥ ''difference, but he also believes that on matters B itan&ntw; and. vleftt0 Christian instincts, a wise latitude is Bl ieimm. u! S™ ne ^ bejprepared to meet and bear with pre B ?canrnS^i- rtolate no law of the kingdom of Christ. Nothing B atuE »? men more against the truths we hold, than an insane B mtaed w ? ttere ?whuns-than the elevation of things deter B S? y lom and choice t0 the very level of clearly revealed I tartn^!!!6 innuenee ^hich the whole Word of God will exert in B «imul« l, ?aracters- M wise' broad, large-hearted Christians Bl Plishin oT r^r'i poyer as our one grand instrument in accom B irhownnM «? 'j1 charge you, AustraUan Christians— colonists B That Z? doyour God-Biven work-reverence the Bible. B «P &nZJ;?0Tk ma* be donci let «s Beek to have raised Bl here hS, i M a di^nely quaUfieii ministiy. I would ? «5«rtSsly-,guard gainst the idea that the Church ? ^nrcL S ?lt,houi.a ministry. The minister lives for the H ihJSBeint^o jtUe Churchforthe minister. Misconception on ? 1*iifeXi«»«2ll!nmch-to Paralyze personal efforts, and has H V* m t .^nsned with a delegated service. Every mem w B * uPolL?dividual efforte as of primal importance. vaScy 5 tf,n ^.Cnwch ought to be a worker ; and, if the H JeEB6ontlm« Pulpit means a suspension of all testimony for ? f«acr onj Ti?t ' oi the Churcn- as it sometimes does, then the sooner our views are rectified the better. The German ^,???ti6tU?ion-rcPresentingthe Baptist churches mnch over « m,«w enniarkl haB B membership of about 15,000. Not a shoemaker's„ +of a,c?ntury ago, the Rev. Dr. Onken met in Church Tth™ t P- *? ^ebrate the Lord's Supper with the infant proscriptions *°,n8.lstln?of not six members: In spite of fines, spiritual TenVnH imprisonments, such has been their vitality and '?«» Thk™? oc5jeness- that they now number 15,000. The 'wuld do soinetWn for T^** physicaUy disabled, evcrymember S?!«a«o£1thEr^«i£m m 8ervice i8 the very thin& t0 meet thc cltistianiK. £-, '^T everywhere, but the exigencies of colonial ? «»»y with thTne;Ma1?UafteIjr met ^ no other- AnA wiU this d0 ?? S-esn*an orri«^ yiir a 'amisterial order? No.butwiU H ^-^afentfcf^ nobleBtwork,in counselUng ana leader ? » the united wfJff.we/BiM56ervmE f°rce, and giving direction B ^ai«iuS^l?-ftheClluroh- Then will the minister find I ^^4oa 'SeSSSSST1''* hifl uork is of ten toil to weari ? S,echwch Utn^6^ftcoiltin'ID3 neea of a ministry, even where ? oL*? tte«Ji CK4 a?d aUve to itB responsibilities. What B S!111 deputed » H^f er! Nota functionary paid to perform B S/^mroblc^nffl^1566'-* mere ecclesiastical orna B S haBd Platod« ^ml sanctity- Not amcreuttererof B ?«^et°PuWici5»2?' ot a Geological confectioner who, B i^C?ft«--8n»W meaf?1si|rith ^ EPice mostin v°Kue' B Jh^^ed('SSt mi,.? trUth8- which' ri&htly; apprehended, B '^ttaW-^f0161'* M»d thrill the heart. Not a pro^ fl| ur , nut a man-a mau of large siiontaneity, of tender chanty, of vigorous intellect (if that intellect have ample *£?£? f kara^Bat its command-locked is the conservative I*? T1,! memoryiand ready for reproduction at command, bo Si? -^5 be'er); A aan who speaks with authority-- the amnonty of absolute conviction, otherwise called faith, Believing, therefore speaking, not apologetically, but dogmati cally where the Master has given warrant. A man above the people; but not in priestly anogance nor self- sufficient wisdom, le^dS aft^cS SneSB °f * DiVlne C*U t0 be tU0ir tcaclier' tBeir Bucha minister is God's gift. We cannot make him. No college ever yet achieved the wonder. But given the jewel, the hard though incrusted diamond, wo can divest it of its brown crust and polish its indurate sides, till a brilliancy irradiates irom it such as belongB to no paste composition of man's inven tion. _ And have we not some diamonds in the rough— hard in intellect, tender in heart— men in understanding, children in malice — I hope we have the men. And I think, though we may not with art of lapidary bring so exquisite a polish on our diamonds as our more favoured crafts men at home, wiih every appliance for mental furbishing at their command, we may g«in a lustre which shall coruscate some of the pure light of Divine truth in our own Australia. For we want not geologists, art-critics, astronomers, but theologians well skilled in dividing the word ; and he who answers that demand has no mean endowment. He will have a knowledge of the Scriptures— ;in the original I hope— at least of the New Testa ment) and he will study that profoundest of problems the human heart, the microcosm of his own first, that he may know the outer macrocosm of sinning agonized humanity. One had diiectcd his disciples to look to heaven for the in crease of thc harvest men. I have heard the injunction given by men who should have known better— that wealthy parents should devote their young sp_n6 to the service of the ministry. Unwar rantable advice ! The divine call is the precursor of all devotion, and we must leave it to him who called Peter from his fishing smack, and Paul from the Sanhedrim, to arouse our young men, plebeian or patrician, by the potency of that voice which lures the young heart ' to forsake all and foilow Him.' I think that as a means first of affording a sphere for the exer cise of gifts, second, as a means of helping settled pastors, and thud, with a view to developing the nascent powers of our young men, we ought to have established within definite local limits, Lay Preachers' Societies. I have not time to descant upon the pro bable benefits of such, bnt I believe without them we shall never overtake our work without this useful auxiliary. * We must cherish the spirit of work in our people— try and keep them all at it, and always at it— and with this spirit infused, we shall have some manifestation as to the future ministry of our churches. But given the men, what shall we do with them ? The most an gelic minds dwell in bodies. These minds and bodies, true to a very ancient law pronounced against anchorets and nuns, affirm ing the un desirableness of lonely life, reveal affinities for others of like constitution. The ' bishop ' takes his ' one ' wife, and then blessed little Ecqurnces throng about him, and as years roll on these little ones make increasing demands on not only the heatt, but the purse— make certain tradesmen dt» a brisker busi ness, and if the dear minister has not a competent income, make him break into the white blossoms of care and age too early. The minister, too, niuet always look respectable ; his own and bis people's credit is connected in some measure with the decision of the hue of his black coat and the density of the nap on his hat; and his wife must be equally a model of propriety. And then he ought not to be denied, if a thoughtful man, thc pabulum ot the mind. He wants to buy books in order to come into contact with the world of thought, and especially books bearing on the subject-matter of his life. His Alford's Greek Testament will cost him £5. His Smith's Bible Dictionary another £5. A few volumes of Clark's Theological Library will make e large hole in £10. And this leads me to say that if vou with for a ministry at leisure from corroding care, from constant misery about ways and means, from anguish of stral at the thread bare aspect of bis whole life, and provided with the appliances of a thoughtful service, you must, dear Australian Christians, in crease in liberality ; — and the next duty I would enforce upoa you, as workers of Christ, is increased liberality. Our history has been the record of a stiuggle with poverty, a poverty which I believe ought to have been relieved by our British brethren. Those who -ave suffered most on this account have been the ministers, and I do not believe that in any large measure the blame has rested with the people. In all probability their liber ality lias been quite as significant of devotion to truth as have been the self-sacrifices of the ministers and their wives, — I say their wives, lor our Churches owe not a little to thc unmurmuring economical ministers' wives. The past must not be a precedent for the future, our people will increase in wealth, and with every augmentation of wealth let there be a growth of liberrlity. 'J'liOEe whose deficiencies on this score are most lamented are the young. These too often, without compunction, leave the support of God's cause to their over-taxed and care-burdened seniors. Apprentices, farm- helpers, and servant maids, eeem satisfied with very slender contributions. The cost of a few Josephine kid gloves would cover all the contributions in a year of some young women to thc cause of that Kcdccmer who gave himself for their sins. Dicee and luxuries oulvioing in costliness the indulgences of persons* niucu t,bove them ia station, are purchased without any thought u! 11: i' ouiyatd privilege ol sclf-ucnial. But thc amounts »l;cii persons of limited incomes would give arc not of ,m» much nccxma ys \\\\-e bletsiiiys they are missing, and thc spa it ol tcll-iudulgcntc unil parsimony which they arc cherisliiug, nrd which will (;iow with lluir years and wealth. As a means of grace we would urge Jibei ulity. As a debt ye owe to Christ we would urge liberality. The gracious soul cannot live without giving — the luxury is so great. Special promises are connected with giving-, and it will be a melancholy day to' the Church when no more channels arc open for the distribution of her benefactions. I commend this subject to our deacons. A pastor shrinks from a homily on it, lest it be thought that mere personal benefit is all be has in view, and for that very reason our deacons thould embrace every opportunity for enforcing a duty with injunctions respecting which the Scriptures of the Old and New Ttstimcnts are replete. We read of a case in which a rich man was converted from infidelity to Christianity, who, when he was about to be bap tized, ititiEted upon his going into the water with his pocket-book in his pocket, that he might practically express his wish that the money he had as well aB himself should be consecrated to the Saviour; and his conduct since has proved his sincerity and earnestness. Nathan Cobb, a Baptist merchant, of Boston, in 1621, entered into the following covenant, a covenant faithfully fulfilled : — ' By thc grace of God, I will never be worth more than £10,000. By the grace of God, I will give one-fourth, of the net profits of my business to charitable ana religious purposes. If 1 am ever worth £4000, 1 will give one-half of my net profits ; and if ever I am worth £6000, 1 -w ill give three-fourths, and the whole alter £10,000. So help me, God ! or give to a more faithful steward, and set me atide.' Kich nun ! remember ye are only stewards ! If, thtn, our pastors are to be adequately remunerated — if young men arc to be trained and sent out for the occupancy oi new territory— yea, if the windows of heaven are to be opened wide, and blessings abundant arc to be dispensed upon a needy Church — our duly is increased liberality. Ana, deacons, remember, as you love the Church of the future, educate the young people of our churches in the exercise of this Christian grace. And, last of all, but not least— nay, chief — if we are to do our work wisely and successfully, we must be more diligent in prayer. The power of ft Church is in ratio to the pruyerfulness oi its members ; and out of weakness we shall be made strong only by the power of prayer. ' More things are wrought by prayer Than the world dreams of. Wherefore let thy .voice Kite like a fountain, night and day. For so thc whole round earth is every way Bound by. gold chains about the feet of God.' But it must be believinjr prayer, not formal— believing that we have the things we ask lor we shall have them. I shall have but little hope ol a widely-extensive work of grace till our prayer meetings tear a nioro proper proportion to our membership. We f hall never have the Bivine enthusiasm, the tenderness of heart, the unction ot God, till we have more earnest believing prayer. I have kr.own churches having ministers gifted with tvery talent excitivc of human admiration, but their ministry was powerless— a blazing meteor's glare, a rainbow's evanescent beauty. I have known ministries characterised by simple earnest ness, but backed up by an importunate people's prayers ; and the little one has become a thousand! We are believers in God the Holy Ghost, in the reality of His work, in its absolute neces sity. Keed I Eay more ? Brethren, pray if you would prosper. Pray if you would take this broad, fair land for Jehovah. PraverleSB, your voice will be as inaudible in the sinner's ear as a oeetle's hum amidst the shock of armies; your weapons, as powerless as a bee's sting against the mailed warrior. If time had permitted I would have spoken of the dangers as well as the duties incident to our position, particularly those arising from worldliness— that persistent bane ef the Church's highest interests, and especially as fostered in this community by the rapidity with which large lortuceE arc made. I would have warned you against that terrible snare, the will to have riches, and that simply for selfish ends, as also against thc disposition to court the world's countenance, by lowering the standards of Christian excellence and relaxing those claims of whole-hearted loyalty which Christ makes upon his people. It is a fatal thing for thc Church when respectability and worldly Etatus become her ambition ! But I hasten to the conclusion of my address, and I ask you to project your thoughts into the future and gather encouragement from the assured results of present toil and self-denial. ' He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again with joy bring ing his sheaves with him.' You have stood at the break of day in some valley lying under the eastern slopes of a lofty mountain. The first shafts of light from the approaching sun— premonitions of the coming day — fell upon the crown of that summit, making all radiant. Every dew bathed green leaf ehivered and glistened in the light of the approaching sun not yet himself visible. So those longings of the Christian's heart are premoni tions of the coming day. The light of prophecy has fallen on the highest points first, the hearts nearest heaven, and given earnests of the consummations promised. We see (and hope says « not far distant') « the brighter, fairer Eden ' of a renewed world. Every deadly upas of error and sin rooted up, and all fruit6 of righteousness, goodness, and truth abounding. This shall be the end of Christian labour and success. Bo we desire success 1 Then why ? For the adrancement of sectarian interests, that our creed may be dominant, that our Church may sit as a queen, undisputed monarch, at whose feet commerce and art and science shall pour their lavish gifts, and we made rich on her benefactions. If suoh were our aim, the results would only add one more to the many travesties upon the true Churoh of Const. But your aims are totally different. First. To gather out of Aus tralia a people saved of the Lord— knowing the joyful sound of a reconciled Father's voice, walking in the light of His counte nance. Secondly. To conserve and defend the truth cf Christ m its completeness, as contained in His own Testament — and 'great is the truth, and it will prevail.' And first and last, to glorify tbe Divine Christ, our living God and King. Constrained by love, you would now bring forth all precioiu things of heaven and earth to do Him honour. Tour toils, ministering brethren, your gifts, people of Christ, seem as nothing when thought of in the light of His love. Gladly will you spend and be spent for Jesus, for His glory is jour aim ; and though at times the motive may sink into the back ground, yet you can, from the deeps of your heart, exclaim, ' For me to live is Christ.' Then you shall see Him crowned, and be crowned with Him. A few centuries at moRt lie between us and that day when the last enemy that has reared its defiant head against the Christ shall be broken in pieces, and the kingdom, immovable and immutable, shall be established for ever. His friends who bore His cross, sometimes in prominent singularity, but untempted from the rugged road of unques tioning obedience— His friends who believed in His royal right to give law, and who dared not, for any hope of immediate interest, extended influence, or pecuniary gaiB, swerve therefrom— His friends, whose personal attachment was proven by personal sub mission and self-denying toil—they shall gather at His feet, and find the ample successes of their labour in gathering hosts who join in blessed unison as with enraptured hearts, abundantly satisfied, they cry, ' This is our God, we have_ waited for Him ; ' and in their turn hear His precious word — hi itself a reward in effably precious— ' Well done!' May such success at harvest time bless the Bowers and reapers of Australia. The thanks of the meeting were, on the motion of Rev. A. Bubdett, seconded by the Rev. J. Ingbam, given to the chairman for hie address. PUBLIC EDUCATION. On the motion of the Bev. James Greenwood seconded. byjMr J. H. Palmer it was agreed, ' 1. That this meeting, representing the BaptiBt Union of New South Wales protests against the extension of Denominational Fchools at the expense of the State as being another form of State endowment of religion, and therefore an injustice to a large portion of the taxpayers of the country. 2. That the foregoing resolution be embodied in a petition, to be eigned by the chairman of the Union, and presented to both Houses of Parliament.' 