THE O'KEEFFE CASE. The following letter has been addressed, to the editor of the Dublin Evening ifai'L'— "Callan, July 17, 1872. "Sir, — A correspondent in the Mail of last evening directs attention to a phase of my case . Avhicli he truly says presents a must cloudy aspect; and, holding the Government to be accountable for the manner in Avhich I have been tre.ated bj' the public boards, he asks Avhether I am to be prosecuted for celebrating illeg.al marriages. I certainly ought to be prose- Ciited by the Government if I have been fairly treated by these hoards ; but your correspondent has only a foAv days to Avait till he sees, bj' a debate in Parli.ament, whether the Government Avill adopt or repudiate the action of the boards in degrading me at tbe simple bidding of the Pope's Legate in Ireland. ' ' I celebrate m.arriages, as I haA'e always done, and believe I do so validly ; but Dr. Cullen de clares publicly that my marriages are invalid, and, by implication, th.at I am a monster of villiany, pretending to make holy Avhat I know to be .an unsauctified union. On the other hand, I believe firmly that every one of the six susxien- sions thundered at my devoted head by the three ecclesiastics Avho, in succession, h.ave taken me in h.a'rid, Avas .altogether a'oid .and ineffectual by the c.anon laAV itself, which requires a trial and eouviction before any suspension can he issued. Public bo.ards, hoAvever, Avhon the Cardinal and I contradict each other, have believed him and disbelieved me, though people gener.aUy think that the possession of a chaplaincy or a manager ship ought to count for something in a disxrated right. "It remains to be seen what the Registrar- General Avill do. So far hack as the 2Sth of December last I c.alled his attention to the cir cumstance that ten of the marri.ages I had cele brated reni.aincd unregistered ; and of the marriages I have colehrated since that date I am aAV.are that six more are still unregistered. Dur ing all this time the other marriages I have witnessed have been registered. Noav,' your corresxiondent asks, hoAV Avill matters fare should leg.al points chance to occur in families hinging upon these celebrations ? and I c.au only refer bhn for information to some of your legal corres pondents. , "Your correspondent says truly there are m.any phases of my case ; still, xerhaxis, he is not aware of the constabulary xibase, and that I have been suspended by the Inspector-General, Avho will not alloAV a Roman Catholic man at the station here to receive my ministrations. They have all been informed that, under pain of re moval, they must hear mass in the Friary Chapel, .although my ehurch, Avhere they had been accustomed to hear mass, and Avhere they were accommodated Avith a sxieciai pcAV, is not ten doors from the barracks. 'I'bis will, perhaps, give your correspondent another sdrprise ; hut i tell you there are more xihases still in my case that have not yet come to distinct light. "Judge Keogh said to the grand jury of Tyrone, ' If it he the design and the Avili of the legisl.ature to exempt a class of citizens— the sacerdotal class — from amenability to the law, to restore, the ancient immunity of the clergy from the jurisdiction of civil tribunals, let that design and Avill be expressed by statute.' Now, this is exactly Avliat Cardinal Cullen in .aiming at by endeavouring to make the Papal bull of October, '69, the iicav canon laAV in Ireland. But Avith all the help he has got from public boards and other inllueiitial bodies in Irel.aud he has not yet succeeded in bringing us back to the ages of faith and Hildcbrand. — I am, sir, your faithful servant. "R. P'Keeffe, p.p. A Ghost in a Coal Pit, — The present tide of prosperity in the co.al trade has been disturbed at the Broughton Colliery, near this town, by the appearance of a ghost in the underground workings, Avhich has had the effect of frighten ing some of the colliers from the pit. JNone of the men profess to having had a sight of the pirit who appears to have taken up his abode in this " vasty deep," but thoy all confess to hav ing heard at times the most unearthly sounds, and when they proceeded to search for the cause, the same noises Avcre heard in quite an opposite puarter. The fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to interfere considerably Avith the 'working of the colliery, and it shows that Itlrn niinnrii. n.rA AYAAnnivAlvniinArafitioilB on the ghost question.- -Wrexham Advertiser- King Amadeo has made a present of 10,0UU reals to his coachman, who, by promptly whip ping up his horses, contributed in a great measure to save the lives of their Majesties. 