the education question;-/- i lecture by rev. a, robertson.' Tho Eov. Andrew Robertson dolivored a Ioctiive on the education question last night, in tho Presbyterian Churoh, West Molhouruo. Tho first part of bis remarks referred to tbo excel- lences of the present Common Schools Act of Mr. Hoalos, which had nevor beon properly apprcu ciated, to tho difficulties which tho Board of Education had to contond with, and the goad it had done. Ho painted out that tho great defect wa3 in the want of power to amalgamate schools, and said thero wero 300 schools in the colony which could with advantage bo amalgamated into 150\. Tho board had prepared a draft bill for this purpose throo years ago, but Parliament had as yet done nothing with it, although tha hoard had in two reports unanimously expressed tho opinion that if it wero passed, with the addition of a tentative compulsory clauso, tho educational wants'of tho country would be adequately met. Mr. Robertson proceeded to say What is it in our present educational system that requires im mediate eradication and reform? It may bo summed up in one word— denominatianalisni. Destroy it— remove tho denominational olemaHt from our present system of public instruction- place education in tbo hands not of the socts but of the citizens— do this, and you will take away tho cause of nil tho evils and complications that exist, and go far to mako this colony, in the matter of public instruction, tho first aud foremost in tho world. Inspito of adverse circumstances some progress has been made in this direction already, but it is slow, aud it docs not promise to be more rapid in tho future. The number of public schools, or sohools vested in tbe Board of Educa tion, has increased since 186)2 from 193 to 457 — (I take my facts .from tho report of 1870) ; bnt there are still 434 denominational schools, includ ing afewprivate schools, which also receive statc- aiu. These denominational schools have dimi nished, it is true, from 513 to 434: but this i3 by far too large a numbor to have upon the list at this advanced period in tho history of the Commons Schools Act, while from various causes the number is not likely in future to bo very largely or speedily reduced. It caunot bo so with the Roman Catholic schools, which are still slightly on the increase, and which of ceurso will multiply with tho growth of their denomina tion ; and if other bodies do not add to tbo num ber of their denominational schools it is simply because it' is not deemed wise or expedient at g resent to do so. Tho Frcsbytorians, indeed, avo from the first displayed a willingness to merge their sohools into national ones, but of late they have been refusing to do so, excopt in a few exceptional cases not worth retaining. The reason for this change of policy ou tho part of the Presbyterians is the avowed tendency of some of onr leading poli ticians towards a pure and exclusive secularism. Deuomiuationalism, therefore, if not dealt with now, and vigorously, instead of grow ing weaker, will become stronger, and tbo coun try, if not roused to energetic action on tbo sub ject, will have for many a long day to regret its supinoness, But, it may bo asked, can denomi- nationalism be rooted up, and our system of public instruction freed from this element ! Did not Mr. Higinbotham first of all attempt this, and signally failed? Ho did. But Mr. Higin botham, than whom one more capablo of grappling with this question is not to bo found in" this colony, did not recoivo from his colleagues in the Ministry that support to which ha was entitled, while his bill itself was liable to tho most grave objections. Not to speak of his insisting on prescribing by legislature tho kind of re ligious instruction to bo allowed by local committees in tho schools — an error for which I blarao not so much Air. Higinbol.h&m; as tho members of tho Royal Commission of which he happened to bo chairman— Mr. Higinbotliam committed two other vital mis takes. Ho required first that all schools aided in future by tl.o State should be vested in tho minister of public instruction, to many a very doubtful and in my opinion a most dangerous proposition. This was to bo done within five years after tho passing of his bill, and then if not complied with, which it would not bavo been, at least by tbo Roman Catholics, Air. Higinbotham gave tho country to understand that it would then bo an open question lor Parliament to consider whether in such cases the denomiualion that did net go into this arrangement might not after all have tho State aid continuod to their sohools. Tho Protestant denominations v.-ero not to he caught. Thoy foresaw tho danger, aud were re solved to keep then own schools in their own .power rather than permit tho Roman Catholics to Uiecomo masters ot tho situation after their own Protcitant schools had slipped through their fingers, flenco the failure ot Mr. Higiubctham's well meant and in many re pects admirably conceived measure. But ho lias acquired expe- rienco from 4thc failure, and when the proper time comes 1 havo uo doubt ho will head tho move ment that Is dow looming in the horizon. Next camo the attempi cr toe M'C'uibcu Administra tion. Thedralt hill «bl:u they drew up with tho same vicw-nacelj. the OCBtrootioo cf deoomina- tiouallsm— watll possible ettil moreot|oot:oa&tlo.; H contained proposition! nhiah oat ocnlo percclie at a planco to be utterly impracticable, and succ as no minister of public instruction that might havo been appointed cccld have carried into exe cution, whilst it would have involved an amount of expenditure which tho country would never have sanctioned. So much for the past ; now for ti„. present. A new Ministry, pledged to make tho education question a cabinet one, lias just beon invested' with offico, and the Attcrcey- Goneral. wc are informed, is now employed in framing a measure by which they intend to stand ot fall. Th'! is at least manly on their part, while to roe and ethers to whom it is a matter cf comparative indifference what party is in power, provided the best interests of the country are ad vanced. the resolution of the, present Ministry is a subject ct unfeigned satisfaction. Wlir.t, then is t bcir scheme ' . . . I gather from what fell from the lips of tho Chief Score1 a.- v it will resemble neither that tf Air. Iliginbcthzm nor that ct HieM'Cuifoch Adminis tration : that it wii: not, in fact, attempt to grapple with Jennmicaticnolism at all so far as the immediate destruction of it is concerned ; but wiil allow things te continue in Ibis respect mush as the; are. or, more correctly speaking, to dcvciope themselves as they have boen slowly doing under the administration of the Board of Education : the enly difference— and it is slight —between the beard and tli.il of the Atinistry as announced being that tho Ministry, besides making education free without fees, will atop tho farther increase of what they call sectarian schools. The Board of Education, after all that has been said against it. may congratulate itself on having its policy thus endorsed. But will this scheme satisfy tho country ? So far as t.hc Wesleyans, the Church of England, and eyen Pres byterians are concerned it will not trouble them much, haying already got all the sohools they care to have in the meantime. The only denomination it will touch will be the Roman Catholic body, who will receivo no State-aid to (yhatevor new schools they may erect. But is this a vigorous, comprehensive, or far-seeing polioy ? The stop- page of aid to the few new Roman Catholicschoolsi may bo deemed by many a master-stroke of policy, | both for what it smite3 and for what it spares, but I donbt if it will provo so in the end. With education freo, and a compulsory law brought to bear unou the community at largo, wo shall have tho Roman Catholics placed in this singular position. If they send tbcm to i heir own schools they must pay for thom, hut if tfioy send tlicra elsewhere , they will get thoir education for nothing. Tboy will be compelled, like us Protestants,, to educato their children ; but, unlike us, they will not get edu cation free, not oven tho secular branches, if they prefer to receivo this secular instruction in their own schools rather than in those which tho Government will alone assist. Our politicians in deed will probably point you to England and Scotland, where they ore not so much abolishing as utilising donorainationalism, but no ono who is aware of tho difficulties which are experienced in old countries from tho long-standing of donomi- nationaiism that cannot now bo suppressed, would ever counsel a young colony like this, with its mixed and increasing population from all lands, to retain doneT.iantionalism in any shapo or to any extent in its systom of public instruction beyond the time it is in their power to eradicate it. But is it in onr power to eradicate it at prcsout ? I maintain tliat.it is— that tho present is the most favorable period for doing it — that it cannot only he done, but done at onco, without delay, without any additional expenditure to the coun try, and without prejudieo to any denomina tion, but tho reverse, including tho Roman Catholics amoug the number. I shall reserve tho unfolding of my schemo to a subsequent occasion, when I shall submit for your consideration an Amended Common Schools Act, iu which, taking up the wholo subject, thoro will bo substituted in room of clauses in tbo present act certain provisions by which, in accordance with its principles, all the ultimate designs contemplated by tho act will be aikply, fully, fairly, and at once accomplished. Some of our publio men appear to bo drifting, who fancy thero is no escapofrom danominational- ism excopt by tho introduction of a universal, oxolusive, and purely secular system. This call for secularism iu most cases proceeds from not understanding properly what our Common Schools Act is. So far. us tho Government 13 con cerned, it is a3 puro out-and-out a secular system as can possibly bo had. There are no hours prescribed for religious instruction. The instructions givon by tho board to its in spectors of schools are vory oxplicit. . They are enjoined to " boar in mind, in tho performances of your duty as inspectors of common sohools, that tho board's superintendence extends only to the temporal regulations and secular efficioncy of the schools," and thoy aro therefore " to avoid all interference aud expressions of opinion eithor to tho teacher or - the lccal .committee respecting thoir arrangements, if . they have any, for imparting religious instruction." Surely onr socular friends do not mean that no religious instruction can ho given by any one at any timo within the walls of our public schools ? This isnotBurely what tho Ministry moan when thoy speak of an ultimate system of secular in struction, First of all, such a systom exists no where. Secondly, it receives no countenance whatover from tho firmest frionds of civil and re ligious liberty. (Mr. Robertson here quoted from tho declaration issued in 1839 by tho contral board of dissenters in Scotland, and adhered to since, in which it was stated that :fc would be un desirable if it ware practicable, which it would not be, to excludo religious instruction from the system of national education, and that tho only way to meet the ' difficulty wns to have a local committee in every district, elected by the beads of families, which should say '.That kind and measure of religious instruction should bo given in tho school, and sotjdo tbe additional fee which should bo payable for suoh instruction, provision being of course made that thoso who objected to tho religions in struction should not be subjected to it, or mado liable for tho fee. He then proceodcd) With the exception of the additional fee, which is not insisted upon in this colony, this is substantially the very system in operation amongst us, and I do not concsivo that thore is any intention of depart ing from it. la Scotland no objections would bo raisod against tho principles embodied in our Common Schools Act. .As to England, although the Nonconformists, arising from circumstances into which I need not enter, have lost ground in the oiucational controversy now being waged at home, yet no ono who is at all familiar with facts but knows tbat pure and unalloyed secularism has not the ghost of a chanco in England any more than in Scotland, either with tho people or the Parliament. The intention, if I have inter preted the Chief Secretary's remarks aright, is to relieve the teachers of our public schools from the giving of suob supplementary religious in struction as the parents may desire their children to receivo. I contond that no teacher should bo eligible to a school whose moral character and habits are not unexceptionable, and who is not qualified to impart when required a knowledge of the simple primary olementary truths of morality and religion. It is woll known that in not a few of our schools thero is no religious instruction at all, partly from tho indifference of local com mittees wlio bestow comparatively littlo attention on tbe affairs of tbo schools intrusted to thoir chargo, and partly and iu some instaucos chiefly from tho indisposition or aversion or moral unfitness of tho teachors for tho work. After tho fow school hours, tho secular teacher, according to tbo Chief Secretary, is to take liis departure, and tbe ministers of religion are to appear on tho field. Of course the scholars aro to be arranged and divided according to thoir different ecclesiastical distinctions, and oitbor in separate rooms or on different days the work of supplementing religions instruction is to bo carried on. Thus tbe first lesson tbe cbildreu aro to receive at school is a lesson in denominationalism, and no doubt they woll know each other in theso professedly non-sectarian schools by the distinctive appellations of the sects to which they belong. Happy dovico ! Ingenious mado of banishing denominationalism from our public schools — a mode which I trust is not seriously contemplated by those who have undertaken to grapple wiih this all-important qnostion. In conclusion, Mr. Robertson urged on his hearers, to make themsslves acquainted with the subject of education, so as to be able to tako an intelligent part in agitating for its settlement; for it must bo discussed and agitated until tbe conntry was ripe for giving its enlightened and final verdict on the subject, tho rcsnlt being seen in tbe future ever increasing strength and stability of our social institutions, growing out of the mental, moral, and religious education of tbe people. 