-... ...» ? . ? ? .~., ? ~_~. ? .— ~.ywg AtETteKHCJIST MH^TERS* j \- -On.?=Sliniday,- Awgnsfc . ^, ihe Beve. J ! ; jSdOtaaa«a«L J. T. Kearns, ministers connected , -wikhritB* Primitive Methodist Church, re -? «ently arrived from England, preached for the .:? firsfcr time cin Adelaide. The Sev. B. Master ?; 'jnan, arfeojhaa also juBt:arrived, was likewise to r. -have ^preaolied, but. iesraa prevented from -;: going so by indisposition, - At the Morpaett ; 3 Bfci^t Ghnrch the morning; service was con -. i fkwtedby the Bev. Mr. Graham, who preached a . :/diB©pittse characterised by earnestness *nd clear .:- nesa. ,Sis text was 'Verily, verily, lay unto r ' yop- be .Wat believeth sen me hath everlasting x: fife'5-JTohn yt,- 47. Admitting the Bible to . , foithe xeveauA 'Word of God, there could, lie „ o said, .be no doubt «a to the divinity of Christ ; and the belief: which ,waa necessary was, he pointed out, a belief in Sim both in Hischa : .rioter ae -3©d*nd as Mediator. » JEto reward of -. Buchbeliel was everlasting life. There was nothing manpriEed more than life. True indeea : was the saying, 'All. that*, man hath will he give for his life j''fcut life here was; of uncer \- tain tenure and subject to trials and to sorrows; ?but-the life .promised -was everlasting, and, being free from sin, would be free from evil of every kind.. Believing on, Christ securing so . mU(m; he urged his hearers to believe on . Him and to. be Christians, or Christ-likei ; ,/ .The ; i&eY.J.; T. .£earns. preached in the even ing *t,the Tynfce-street Church, North Ade ?? laide, ^basing his remarks on the words, ''Thou : . art notrfar from the -kingdom, of God,' Mark ; sSL, 34. ?;?? After referring to ancient history to . -show title preparations made -for the advent of \- ^Christ . and the fitness of the time at which He flame, h«r#iyjded his text into- two portion*— ' ' £xst nuking what might be considered to be the -kingdom of^God, and answering it by -saying * - *h»tit was righteousness, 'peace, and joy is the . -H«ly .Ghost-; and then he . directed attention ,:-_ to those who might be said to be not far from this kingdom. ; He mentioned Zaecheus, Sing r Agrippa, and other personages in the Bible as . types of .classes- to be found in the world At the present day who might be said to.be not far from, the kingdom of God. . He dwelt : forcibly upon the injunction in the Scriptures to take heed lest .they fell, pointing out the in-. evitable consequences which would befall -any inconstancy, jhajf- heartwineB, or wantof love to . Ged.; The.aennoB was listened to with atten tion by -a large, congregation. Jflx. JEearns's ptyle ju .deliberate and impressive. ~ : ' Onilondsy evening, Augnst26, teaand public v imeetangs nto welcome, the Primitive Methodist ministers recently: arrived from England were ; :held in iie XJhanoh, of the denomination' in Uorpbett-street. The building was decorated with-^vergreenB and flowers, and immediately -sover ihe platform 'was the motto, in flowers, ,? V Welcome to Australia;' whilst at theoppo ..v j#ej«ndwas the inscription, *'Iio, lam with youaiway.'? There was a large attendance at the fea, and at the public meetiug, presided .;«to% Mt. W. W. Wiawood, the Church . -was crowded. The Chairman, having made a few introductory remarks, called ... npon $be Bev. J. G. Weioht, who moved the following lesolution :—' That this raeefc ing expresses its gratitude to Almighty Ged for the «afe arrival of the Bevs. Messrs. Hastennan, Graham, and Seams, with their families, artdcordially jeeogoises them ^» fel .- low. worker* ia Christ. Having referred :- to' r.JBpmeiof the -earlier -phases of Primitive Metho :, dist life in the colony* he die w attention to the. . , success which their XJhurohhadwith Divinehelp achieved, and concluded by saying he was sore : the new. ministers Would-Jike this country, and . : 4he people amongst whom they would associate. They would find them a warm-hearted loving ?? people, ready,andwiUing to join heart and hand , inimygoodworkimoreespeciallyif the work were : of a religions character. The Rev. J. S. Way- land seconded, confirming tibe remarks of the previous speaker as to the spread of religion in a colony which a few years since was compara- tively unknown. Having humorously alluded to someadrantagea Australia vas'thoughttopossess, lie welcomed the ne^lyranived clerical brethren/ . saying there waB plenty of room for earnest workers even in the city -alone. ? Indeed, ite . said,. lie did not believe they, as Primitive MethedistB, had paid sufficient attention to the city, and-*hat-*hey^iroald4-e^otingiinwiBely to learejthousands^n the city to attend to units in ? th'erbush. {Hear, hear.) The Reva, W, JbsjKJN andS. BATMOND 'supported the motion, the. former -dwelling «apecially upon individual activity In i;he work of the Church. The motion was carried by acclamation, and the Chairman called upon the Key. E. Mabtbe KAN, who spoke of thejdifficulty he at first felt ? with regard to coming out to Australia, the con sideration he. gave the subject, and the ulti mate determination he came to to accept the calL When lie first mooted his determina ?iion to go out, Mb friends endeavored to dis suade Mm from leaving, but, having the feeling Uiat possibly he might be the means ' of doisg good, he determined to go, 'and he -was glad he had carried out the determination, that he had ariived safely, and that he was now amongst them ; and lie was additionally pleased with thereceptioniie had met with, which bore out ; in 'the* fullest sense, tha motto over the plait ' form, -*' Wblcome to Anstra'ia.' He Tecipro Joatea the welcoming words of Mndneas he had \ met wi£b, and expressed an earnest hope that ? He would sot prove unworthy of their conii aenco and ihe high calling to which he had ' been ordained. 'Congratulating the - Primitive Methodist body upon what it had done, he ex . pressed his desire and intention to preach no new-fangled doctrine, but the simple grand old truths of the Gospel, and urged them to join him™ working, as far as possible, wisely,' wil -lipgly, and vigorously. The Bev. J. T. Keaens, althongli he was going to Victoria the next day,, and' therefore would be pre . suined to be less affected by that meeting than his ministerial .colleagues, could not help expressing bis deep interest in the proceedings, and his heartfelt sympathy with the Primitive Methodists in this colony in' their labors and successes. He humorously touched upon ihe -satisfied manner' in which some of the speakers had expressed themselves with respect to the excellent lot the new ministers 'would have amongst the' people here; and to the contented feeling which, it. was supposed would mutually obtain bntweeh themselves' -and their congregations, and closed bis remarks' i-y pointing out the necessity for. a personal active'Christianity. TheEev. J. GfiAHAMsaid i«j canteito the colony to work, and he hoped h« should^ be__abh3 to^_a»sist in achieving anxccesses -eqnalif^oli^superior ^o ' those which had already, .been: achieved, by : the Primitive :Me%hbdists here, fie could not rid himself of the ddea irhich had struck Iiim often, but -nKroffrequently, reoentlythat new empireB wieie forming in lie Ausixalian colonies, and that . some dayr-he «oald Jiot say how near or how .distant, was that, period— there would be a severance of ihese colonies from England. He .was sore, however, that it iwduld be a long time before the old land, with Its pleasant memories and endearing associations, would be forgotten, -Hear, hear.) There were some features here which struck him favorably. There was greater independence of feeling— inore of the feeling ex pressed by - Burns in his line, 'A man's jsman for a' .that,* and less of the caste or ^slass feeling; and, -while admitting ihe necessity which existed for certain social distinctions, he rejoiced in the- greater liarmony which characterised their existence in -the colonies. {Hear, hear.) The Bev. T. James, dMothe only -representative of other denomina tions present, cordially welcomed the newly arrived ministers as laborers in the Lord's vine yard, and made a few kindly remarks indicative «f -sympathy and friendly feeling with the ministers and people of the Primitive Methodist body.. Votes of thanks having been passed, the proceedingBlerminated. , The Rev. Mr. Mastennan takes the North Adelaide Circuit ; the Bev. Mr. Graham the Wallaroo Circuit; whilst theJiev. Mr. Kearns will go to Victoria.- ' . On Monday an accident occurred to a youth named Henry Donstan while driving a spring-cart along South-terrace. He was stand in; on the front of the cart when, by a sudden jolt, he was thrown to the ground, and the wheel passed over his body, breaking one of his *ib«. » 