ODD NOTES. By a Bohemian. The Toowoomba Hibernian Society are going to celebrate St Patrick's Day in high style if they only to carry out the programme The D D Gazette of Wednesday last says -' Ourroadors will be interested to learn that, in addition to the premiums offered for feats of strength and the prettiest specimen of colonial industry, the committee of the Hibernian Society have determined upon offering a prize for the best poetical contribution on the first annual gathering of the Hibernians and the sports to be held on the 18th instant " I shouldn't like to be one of the judges either of the ' industry" of the poetry mind you It's an invidious task to impose on any man Tastes differ so much in these matters, you see I have my own ideas of best, second best, and the like, but another man just as able to decide might hold the very opposite opinions respecting the same set of specimens The prettiest specimen of colonial industry that I have yet seen is about fourteen years old, has ringlets hanging down its back, little red poet in his, small white teeth, no news worth mentioning, and large dark eyes with very long eyelashes This specimen is uncommonly fond of romping with handsome young fellows of two or three and twenty, and when asked a serious question, says O bother, ' speaks of its respected parents in the most irreverent manner, takes a delight in calling them by not medicines, and is always either teasing or coaxing them. It is as mischievous as a mon key, and has as much impudent assurance as a bushranger , knows more than its father, mother grandfather, and grandmother, all put together, and is ready at a moment's notice to give a decided opinion upon the most abstruse question that can be propounded I should sincerely pity the judges who had to decide on the relative merits of ten or a dozen specimens of colonial industry like this You may take your affidavit that those judges would not have a good time of it in the performance of their o'er 000 duties, and most likely would be glad to run away before they had completed them. The judges of poetry would not be so likely to get interrupted over their task, but it would be a terrible infliction to impose on a number of innocent men who had made up their minds to have a day a pleasure It would utterly spoil their holiday, and might do them an injury from which they would never recover By the time they had got through half a dozen poemS, on the first annual gathering," as, they would be reduced to such a state of mental prostration or nervous irritability that it would be danger OUS to let them at large, for fear they might commit some horrible deed, either upon themselves or somebody else The only safe course would be to have a Police Magistrate handy, and directly they had finished "judging," get them committed at once for a month each to the Brisbane Lunatic Reception House Now, I don't see any necessity for running such necks in order to celebrate St Pat rick's Bay The Hibernians will, I feel confident, be able to get along very well even though the prettiest specimen of colonial industry is left ticketed, and the poems " On the First Annual Gathering " are left unclassified ' A Scrub Farmer," writing to the Ipswich Olsen er makes a valuable suggestion to the Government If the Minister for Lands will only take the hint " Scrub Farmer ' says " If the Government, instead of pursuing the doubtful policy of expending large sums of money in railway extension, were to lay aside say £200,000 to let on a loan at a moderate rate of interest, redeemable in ten years, to working farmers " I thoroughly endorse this proposition and think it might be extended so as to include other classes besides working farmers Make the sum half a million, and take in " most agriculturists " like our old friend the Captain, in Wilkie Collins " No Name " I know of no project which would confer so much real happiness upon a worthy but impecunious and neglected race The working farmer has his difficulties no doubt, and has a fair claim to assistance from the Government, but the moral agriculturist is ten times worse off here The chances of his begging borrowing or indeed raising a little money in any legitimate manner by the ordinary methods, are very slight indeed, and seem to grow less year by year there are so few sources of supply to operate upon Notwithstanding the advertisements. that are constantly appearing in the Courier of " Money to lend in sums of £1 to £100," " To lend £1000 in one or more sums," una so on, you might as well try to get the appointment of third Judge is obtain any of this money which is so liberally offered The people who insert these advertisements always object to the security They are mostly Jews or Heathens That is my belief Certainly I none of them believe the New Testament Quote that sublime passage, " Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee, turn not thou away "-and they will laugh in your face, and make use of slangy expressions of incredulity , ask you whether you are not " a shingle short," whether you " see anything green about them," what you " take them for," and other absurd and irrelevant questions Now, this being so, it's just a case iq,te(-}ioh the Minister for Lands, the Colonial Treasurer, or some other Minister, I don't care which of 'em does it so long as it b done, might come forward with half a million or so to lend to these distressed would be borrowers I wouldn't insist upon the repayment in ten years, because ten years is a long time to look forward to, and there's no knowing what might happen in that time. The probability is that the borrowers would in ten years be better prepared for a second advance than a re payment of the original loan The most satisfactory plan, and the one least likely to lead to disappointment, would be to lend the money and leave it to the borrowers to repay it " when they found it most convenient to do so" This, you see, would give them a fair chance If I see Thompson or Bell, I'll just mention the scheme to them Take it altogether, the Government seem to have a good deal of work accumulating on their hands one way 0r other That affair about the Chinese storekeepers at the Etheridge, referred to in yesterday's Courier, ought to be looked into The memorial sent to the Commissioner by the European storekeepers already on the diggings was a most reasonable and proper one, and the Commissioner did very wrong indeed to give the quiet scrub he did in reply The arguments used against the Chinese, with their ready money and low price" come. person, being allowed to drive the European traders out of the market they had themselves created, are founded on sound pnnciples-prm-1 HE As to Se g ciples professed and acknowledged to be true by every civilised nation in the world, except England, at the present time. ThoBO European traders at the Etheridge wanted no more than to persuade Mr. St. George to put in practice the same commercial union that the most powerful statesmen in France and the United States of America, or, to come nearer home, that the most popular Ministry in the richest and most populous colony in Australia dare not question. It was the pure and simple doctrine of Protection they wanted, practically applied in exact accordance with its fundamental principles-only it was on a small scale. Who is Mr. St. George, I should like to know, that he should presume to doubt the correctness of such a doctrine P By the way, was " W. P. (communicated) " in last Saturday's Colonist written by the Head- master of the Brisbane Grammar School ? It is amazingly like his fine Roman hand, and he has just cause to be wroth with both the editor of the Courier and he of the Queenslander. The manner in which those editors have over- looked the superlative merits of that Head- master is a disgrace to journalism. They have caught it at last, and I'm glad of it should have rejoiced to see them get it ten times hotter. Who are they, foraooth,tbotthoy should presume to have an opinion about the kind of education most suitable for the youth of this colony and more especially when they could see that the course of instruction at the Brisbane Grammar School is the best it is possible to have. They were never headmasters of grammar schools. By-and-bye, if not checked, we shall have them hinting that the thousand pounds a year paid to our noble grammar school out of the education vote is as good as wasted, because the instruction imparted there is little if any better than that to be had at our Normal School-as if that had anything to do with it. For my own part, I am proud of our local Grammar School, and everything belonging to it. The building itself, although a little lop-sided at present, is of an entirely new order of architecture, and is as much an ornament to the city as the head-master is an ornament to the school. And, even admitting that the education to he had there is primary rather than Booondory-it is more select than the Norma' School. The boys are not compelled to associate with poor people's children, while learning their lessons, besides having a bigger playground, and a better supply of bats, balls, and other playthings. These, look you, are no small advantages, and fully justify the Government in subsidising the school at the rate of a thousand a year. Besides, it's not the Headmaster's fault that the boys don't get a higher class education than they do. He has never yet had all the proper appliances', as he tells us every year in his annual address-and probably never will. Again, as he intimated the other day in his address his pupils are taken away too soon before he has the chance of putting the last finishing touches on them, so to speak. They leave, he says; by the time they get to be sixteen or seventeen years of age, just when they are beginning to know how to learn. I have no doubt this is perfectly true, and sad as it is true. If theRe boys could only stop at the school until they were four or five and twenty, they would turn out to be something afterwards, depend upon it. We should be a race of scholars in this colony thou, my good sirs. But parents are in such a plaguey hurry to got their boys out into the world learning to earn their own living, that a Head-master of superlative excellence don't Bland the ghost of a chance of showing what he really is capable of doing. But I am forgetting those editors. I hope to hear no more of their preaching about high-class education, at any rate nothing higher than what is to be had at the Brisbane Grammar School under its pro sent Head-master. One might have thought that a gentleman who earned his bread and choose by teaching boys, and who had a genuine love for the work, would be able to see some merit in other systems of teaching besides his own but of course he knows best. You can't got beyond perfection you know. 