GHOSTS. (Examiner.) A ghost has always something AEschylean about its history. It has murdered some- body, or it has been murdered by somebody, or it has been buried without Christian burial or it has buried a large sum of money, or a title-deed, or some other valuable piece of portable property. It is clear then, that as a ghost is always connected with something or other which is in family parlance unpleasant, its existence will naturally be kept a secret for several generations. Parvenu families which have ghosts of their own - if there be any such - wrap their sayings and doings in a profound mystery. To have a grandfather who was hung for murder is not exctly comme il faut. But to have had an ances- tor or ancestors who committed some abom- inable crime in the times of the Roses is, as family distinctions go, rather a credit than otherwise. It is not strange, then, that - as our old families die out - our old ghosts should become as rare and as far between as bottles of crusted 1847 port. Nor is this nil. Iiiko Irituian beings, ghosts ht\vo. tlutir fancies ntul iKieulinrities, Liko oftls,' they profor plaoiKx to porsons, or oven to fktnilies.. -Tho ; ghost-of Mr "William Weave used to Imunt I doivh. A highly-rospoutahlo ami vovv well- connooted ghost nsol to dwell in Ohoymv Avwlk bofovo -Mr Oavlylo took to living in' Oh Hplj'woH skvoty in Sk' Mary Axis in llog-' ,'lwio, 'aiul in tlio old houses on tlio south side of Iloibovh. TIhhx! is, indeed, a manifest pwprioty in litis. In a now house in a now; street in a now Iptavter of the town, a ghost would ,Ihi not so uvuelt ineouvenient' or use- less" as iheongtuottsk A ghost in Belgrave- sfiuavo xvonld feol in a moment thiit. 'ho was out o( all keeping with his surroundings, ami was litUo bolter than a "ImtVoon. But. tv ghost in tho Tempio would be quite en wp- witlv his surawndings. And wo have heard it Vh»Ui rmuovuxxl and denied that the host of Thuriow — a gliost. well wortliy of life — is often heard swearing dteadfitlly at midnight as it gropes its way up a wry crooked mid dark corner staitvaso to Thue- low's old ehambers in the north-wixst angle of IVnnveotU'L ' Other causes for tho decay of ghosts might he alleged by the curious. stihftVtns /arc tf mm ncenwtiMS iiiyttiVnn#, We believe, how- e.m, that, with old tmuilies and old houses, ghosts are doometl to extiuojion, and that no StvUier retvson is uoihUhI for their disappear ance.-! For to the theory that thev no longer npiar hcoause jieoplo Iwause jteoplo no longer heltove in them, we attach no manner of im portance ; nor can we, for a moment attempt to tmnsfbr to ghosts all the elegant; fancies which' Mr LccSy has sited around the sub- jiecti of nwvaelos. In the .first, place, any one who will trouble to investigate a rvally go- nuino ghost story — such as that told bv Alrs Boss Church in Haryirs Weekly of liecem- lyw ISTQ— will find that the ghost alxvays makes a jxiint of appearing to unWliewvs, and very rarely iudeexl condescemls to sltow himself to Ute taithftil. Captain Marvyat, to whom the u Lady of liuruhaut Gveen" ex hibited' herself, first laughed at the spectre, nnd thrnv took a potshot at a couple of yards witlv w gscd mstol. Bnt the captain did not laugh when his bullet went through the itu- palpeble holy, and hit the Bedroom vloor. Nor ought we to laugh at a story which, as Mrs Ross Church tells ir us herself, is ob- viowsly fiwe ftvwn m\v suspicion of exaggeie- tixm. We -have, then, no right, to assume the nnyor pmuiss, that no ghost ever reveals himself to an unbeliever, iuasmnch as all ex- perienoe contradicts it. And still less ought we to assume the minor premiss that, as a rule,ryxqde nowadays do not believe in ghosts, IVople who Believe in spiritualism, who go to lock at pictutxxs of the Deity drawn iiv Miss Hough ton V hand under spiritual guhi- ance, who hold it as a yod n-.-vowrvi that Air Home fioats in the air, and that Mis Gnppy comes dump tlnvmgh a fire-proof ceilhnj, who wmmon up the ghosts of Confucius, itaoen, anil Shaksnearo, and who soberly write and soberly read terrible nonsense alvut " (vsxvlnc force, or still rucac terrible nonsense alvnit unconscious celelwntion,'" — people such as these would Vliew in anything, and they cxwtsinly have tie right to disbelieve in ghosts. How far it is pcssilde that ghosts have taken eaSmce at the insults ofiereel thrnn bv lYofes- sor l\er is another and a difficult qnosticm. No man Rkes to tv tokl that as good a man as himself csn Be cut. ont of a forkxd ra,iish ; and so. too, jvxsrihly. no ghost may rate to knots- that as good a ghost as itself ran be. produced with a magic hinte«v a limeRght, and a ccsqQe of big ivlBhcxi rawcx-jMn lkis. U is tmxh to be wished that the merits wese eqwafQ" sensitive. The Sort that \wcessror.sl co5\iv-tors ran prvdnce Sowers cut of a hat onite , as qnrek%- ss Mrs b«ev ran produce fWn in a xhurk rvom ; thst Siwrit drawings, ami mnrit writits, arsi spirit tajwings can be> SKtaniSfsted oy pow-ee w ho are no;, me- tee at xii But eecreix- \\-r.igsr jnggeera ; all j this dot not aresr to shsme the spirits in the Sraas. I t was ceccsinix- a Bs.5 day fee- 1 so j more ntececrahfte grAxsts when the sacse n«vBr I and insccxent of the traxsxrnity gcc inm the f hweds 'cf n&cdhnntis;, an.? begsn to make thrir | spprarsnoe asssnrits. Wcw wo. scene ,B.ik | nkt: in Grays Inmmrari-kthe.ghossscfl FSioon, FraAAsw, an.5 "fonthey | sciew-.niy fibyhrg whisk assi swabBtcs, we I shells swKVil goratiy. seshsps. "Dnt we| rikotdd nose the hass fori thcce was noshing dn g«se cf whist nnwvswhy cf th«a. I; n. whoa the of Haoos srih-ws Mrs Gsaxpy Nke a tame pooSk or when Iswd .crsSthy snskes a fori cf hhssrif with a hv- thtee in CBstdon "Sfewn vh»a -webcgSnto see why St. 5ShtamspriV«jd&ghsv;$s."J« sshfcTtioacf thfhr »»- — — — — , 