items of news. Tho hot. the Chief. Secretary has replied to the invitation forwarded to himself and col leagues. . The letter says, "any period in March suitable to you will be also suitable to ub. As it may bfe Convenient/ however, to have a Specific time nri-nied I shall tiaihe Mondfiv. 11th March, with the understanding,, however, that any other day in the month which your com mittee prefer shall be substituted for it." A meeting of the committeo will be- held to definitely fix the day, althoiigh it will probably be merely to give a formal assent to the time fixed by the expected guests. Tho work of preparation will then fairly commence. Mr Reeves and his company opened a short Beason at the Theatre Royal last night.. There was a favourable though sot very large audience — the performers went through their several parte with considerable skill, and those present enjoyed a good evening's entertainment. The pieces played Were " Perfection " and " Widow's Victim." The company perform again this even ing, when the pieces will be repeated. Yesterday a lad, one of the children of Mr Lyons. Market Square, was getting in or out of a vehicle, and fell dowh heavily against the stop. : The force of the fall cut. the boy's ear completely asunder across the lobe. . Dr Mal colm sewed the part together, and gave the necessary aid. Yesterdayafternooncoastable Conned arrested a Chinaman of some celebrity in' the police annals, named Ah Hing. The fellow had in his possession a shirt and a hew shoot, this latter neatly folded and damp as if just taken off a clothes line. On a corner of the sheet was','' No; 5" written in ink. ' At the usual weekly meeting of the Young Meh's Mutual Improvement Society, held last evening. Mr E. C. Bishop read a well written essay on " Fiction." Some considerable discus sion ensued, in which most of the members took part, .after which the programme for the next meeting, on Thursday, was arranged. " Elocu tion practice " will be the principal business. . An accident occurred yesterday afternoon at the level rililway crossing in Parker-street. A dray was being loaded at Thompson's mill a few minutes before the mid-day train from Sandhurst was due, when, from some cause or other, the horse bolted and rushed with great . impetuosity towards the railway line. - The gate-keeper; who had just closed the gates, endeavoured to stop the animal, but without avail, and in a few mo ments the horse dashed against tho gate, break ing it to pieces. Such was the force of the col lision that the -horse is Beriously injured, and the dray broken in soveral'places. Fortunately the line was all cleared in time for ,tlie train. At the Taradale Police-court on Wednesday last, before Messrs Heron, P.M., and Berry, J.P., tho following causes wore disposed of : — Hatton v Stewart, to recover Ll 15s, goods sold and delivered. Verdict for amount' and costs. J. Garden v C. Law, Ll9, for use and occupation of premises. Postponed for 7 days for production of witnesses. Berry v Rigbye, fraud, LC 3s Id. -Ordered to pay at once, or one month's imprisonment. At the AVardon's Court, Taradale, on Wednesday last, before Mr. AVarden Heron, G. A. Egerton, for the Malms- bury Reserve Gold Mining Company, made ap plication for lease of land on V! W. S. reserve. Evidence., having been taken the .'documents, &c.;, were forwarded to the Minister of Mines. A Mr Cox,one of tho Newington Tribute party, Stawell, was killed on "Wednesday. An affecting story is told by the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser. That journal says : — An interesting, though melancholy event oc curred in connection with the wreck of the Underlay, which was reported in our telegraphic intelligence some time since, as occurrinn off the Isle of AVight. On board that vessel were two valuable terriers, the property of Mr Clegg,- of this town, . and shippod for transmission to Victoria. It will bo remembered that' the 'only person of those oh board who was lost was a stQward. To this steward, we learn, had been entrusted the dogs mentioned, with a special charge that, as they were considered valuable, he would see them safely to the colony. When all had got away 'from the wreck and safely landed, this unfortunate, though eminently trustworthy, man remembered that he bad left bis charges on board, and, despite the en deavours of the numerous bystanders he per sisted in returning for them. He succeeded in getting them off the wreck, but before he reached the shore a wave carried both man and dogs away, and though every attempt was made to rescue him, it proved unavailing. The fidelity which led a man to risk his life in such a man ner- that the death could scarcely be considered an accident, in the endeavour to fulfil honourably the trust reposed in bim, is worthy of more than this passing tribute. Tho cause of some vessels foundering lias often been a matter of conjecture, but a singu lar circumstance which occurred during the passage of the barque Planter, from Newcastle to Adelaide, serves, says the S. A. Register, to illustrate how a craft may be unaccouutably lost. After the barque bad been a few days at sea it was found that she had sprung a leak, and seeing that no very heavy weather bad been ex perienced, it was considered strange that, as hour after hour passod, it was necessary to have recourse to the pumps. On the third day a seaman on the forecastle distinctly heard the water trickling in a rill from some position near his berth. The carpenter at once went to work, and succeeded in so far removing the ceiling or inner skin of the vessel as to discover that a rat's hole was the cause of the leak. The rat had been obstructed by heavy timber, and instead of eating through it, the animal chose a portion, of its hole in a line with a Beam between two planks. Here the rat had so far thinned the wood that the oakum had given -way inwards. Hence the leakage, which was partially stopped, but on his arrival the master was. induced to charter a steamer, in order to immediately proceed into harbour. Our Melbonrne correspondent writes : — Mr "Wil liams, M.L.A, who your readers will be pleased to learn has regained his health, on Wednesday intro duced the President of the -Maldonshiro Council, in reference to the repair of the reservoir at Maldon. Mr MLellan on inquiry found that the Borough Council had already received £300, a portion of the parliamentary grant for works of this kind destroyed by flood, and ho thereupon de clined to recommend any further grant, inasmuch as there was nothing to show that the former grant had been expended in the direction intended ; and he further recommended that the sum so advanced by Government should be returned to the treasury funds, as it hadjnot been devoted to its legitimate purpose. Poverty and destitution, according to some poli- tieal eeonomiats, always have been, and always will be, inevitable concomitants of civilisation, and Sandhurst, like other cities and countries of tho world, notwithstanding its prosperity, cannot clnim to be exempt from the natural penalties of progress. Indeed if wo (Advertiser) are correctly informed there is much destitution hero, if not considerably more than in any other district in the polony. This is owing to the enormous increase of tho population which has taken place within the last twelve months. From every quarter of Victoria people have been pouring into Sandhurst, and every passing day they continue to arrive and establish themselves on Bendigo soil. Of these newly-arrived masses, the majority have been forced to come here in consequence of the scarcity of labour and distress in other parts ; and sis desti tute people themselves, they have, as a matter of course, brought their poverty with them ;. and tints help to swell the tide of destitution of this city. Every day such oases as these come urlder the notice 'of the Mayor, whose liberality is sometimes very much taxed. . There can certainly be no objection to an increase of our population ; but it is useless for people to como here in the helpless con dition which wo have just described. In Sandhurst there is' ample room for industrious working men, but none for that objectionable class who are always improvident, and who always will be desti tute, ever relying on charity' for' that which could and should be won by honest labour, .' i.u' '.-I i It is_ not often, -says the MdtdhrV; wo'hdar of a medical man being locked up for - inability, to give evidence at a coroner's irtqtlesk, find it is to b6 hoped that the member of the faculty from Bullarook, who experienced on Monday this un pleasant ieiisatloti, will be wiser for the future. As the coroner truly remarked, any. gentleman ought to be ashamed to dnter 3 court in a condi tion that incapacitates him for discharging a publiodufy. Mr Jos. Pickersgill exhibits a outiousify in tho window of his wine stores, Collins-street west. It is the photograph (says the Age) of a drop of water magnified about a thousand times, and certainly it is well calculated to terrify the tee-1 totaller, if that be the object of the exhibition. The ' animal culm in this immensely magnified reproduction attain quite the dignitary of animals, " and are seen crawling like crocodiles round great floating logs, to which other horrid, monstrosities are clinging, while a host of their fellows gyrate about in'the hugo globule. Not a bad opinion; says the Advertiser, on a subject' that has aroused much controversy and investigation at tho hands of scientific authori ties, is conveyed from a practical source. Talk ing of rust, one of the farmers at Lovely Banks, who has himself suffered considerably, from its ravages, and has therefore had a good oppor tunity of watching its progress, describes it as the result of the vapour that arises in conse quence of late rains in spring. The beat of the land produces after rain, and especially ht night, a warm fog or mist, that covers the ground like a quantity of steam issuing from a furnace. "Where the crop is advanced less harm; is done, the moist. atmosphere apparently, doing. 'greatest, (damage while the straw is quite , green. All, kinds of' remedies have been tried bv the- farmers, but in vain. Rust has been found, to prevail in all situations, and under various, cir cumstances. Poor and rich land, the hill and: the valley are alike liable to'its .ravages, and - the opinion of (our informant is that no effec tive remedy has yet been or is likely to be .dis-' covered. A correspondent furnishes to the Argus the. following rather sensational account of a fire in an omnibus : — " On Monday evening, between 5 and C o'clock, I took my seat in one of the company's omnibuses at the Hobson's Bay rail way station. On my way to Collingwood, six ladies got in, and when opposite the Model School, snddenly I saw a flame, folly 2ft. high, issuing from the dress, of a lady sitting opposite tome, which I instantly rolled together in my hands and extinguished. -Turning my head, I saw the lady sitting alongside on tire aiso, when I repeated what I had done before, by which, no doubt, a most lamentable occurrence was prevented, as the. dresses were of the lightest material.1 In another minute we would have been enveloped in -flames, by which lives might have been sacrificed.., I carefully examined the- floor of the' omnibus to ascertain the cause, and found a half-burning lucifer match,- which, no doubt, the foot moving on had caused to ignite. I tbink the public- should know of . the circum stance, especially those who carry such combus tible materials, that they may in future be more careful, and not drop them in publicplaces or conveyances." Bus PapersinWeekly. Times say : I met another two-legged idiot the other day, who, after mak ing the' usual insarie remarks about the weather, added that he supposed it was scarcely hotter, than this in India, and that people who had been there, or in the tropics, had no cause to complain." . . I had no time to waste on the softened lunatic in question, or I should have told him that in India men "live, dress, and drink climatically ; that houses are not dolls' houses, that rooms are not cages, that verandahs are not sheds, and that there are such things as punkahs and tatties. Some day, perhaps, we shall see these things in a more common- sense way, and" though we can't get'labour as- cheaply as uur friends in the Eoofc,- wo can, at any rate, build more sensible houses, and make. more use of hydraulic power. You should have seen my friend Jehu the other day when I told liim that drivers of Oriental vehicles always paid a man on the box-seat: to fan them, and that an iced drink was administered at every halting place. " Lor, sir, you don't say so ; that's the way to beat the climate, sir." 1 cannot cer tainly vouch for the perfect accuracy of my state ment, hut virtue has its own reward, for though the driver did not ask me at the " box-seat " to fan him, he certainly did, on arriving at the ter minus, drop a hint that some liquid refreshment might temporarily reconcile him to his sojourn in Victoria. 1 had laid on the whip, and so I supplied the balm, which, total abstainers notwithstanding, is still to be found in Gilead. ' , The Kyneton Guardian says that flocks of par rots have visited Kyneton during the past few days. The orchards and gardens are crowded with them, and the trees in the different reserves form a favourite resort for our feathered visitors..-' Old colonists say that a lack of insect life in the bush, resulting probably from the intensely hot weather from which we have suffered of late, has induced the parrots to venture within tho confines of civili sation. A. Dancing Dervish.— The Levant Times describes the burial of the Sheikh of: the Dancing Dervishes, who died at tho Teke, Pera His body was carried by the der vishes to the mosque at Tophanob, . where prayer, was said, and back by another road to Teke, where it was interred in the cemetery belonging to the order. The deceased's person was _ familiar not only to residents, but to myriads of tourists, not a single one of whom is likely to have, omitted, in doing tho ' lions ' of Constantinople, to pay a visit to the Dancing Dervishes., : He is reputed to have attained the fabulous age of 108 years, and there is at- tacbed-to liim a still more extraordinary inte rest — namely, that he was born in tho grave just after the interment , of his mother, from which circumstance bo derived his name of Coudret-oullah, or 'Child of Earth.' He him self firmly believed in this story, which wo have on his own authority; AVe have also heard it narrated, though' 'not by himself, that, like his mother, lie was prematurely buried. This is said to have happened some: 30 ynars a»o. Mussulman coffins, and also graves are, how ever, adapted for such accidents.' The former are vory flimsy and latter the shallow and lightly covered in, until a long time " after the burial. The late Sheikh, though very infirm in body, possessed all his facidties 'unclouded 'to the last, and his memory, ' which was remarkably 'te nacious, never failed liim; The office, being an hereditary one, devolves upon his son, Atta Boy, who is a man of middle age." A German View op the Battle op Dorking. — A correspondent of tho North German Gazette writes: "It seemstonsinerediblothatauEhglishman would voluntarily undertake, at one and the siime time, to render his eountry ridiculous ahroad, and to make England tlie goat in tho well, on whose liornstlie Gallic fox is to spring out of tlio awkward predicament in which it has been placed by an Inordinate and solfish thirst of conquest. England lias hitherto gained; only problematical advantages and scanty reputation fromheralliaiicp with France, and Englishmen ought not to forgot that Germany has never yet stood ,ou the same battle-field with England, oxceptasn friend and ully. it is, conse quently, with pain that we hear them'speak of us as possible future enemies- The writerof .tltis "foolish lucubration, 'The Battle of Dorking,', it -is very evident, has the interests of France mueh' moro at heart than those of England, and in the signification of the term, at least, ' we - perfectly ugrco with our correspondent, adds the Gazette, thathe-is!iio true Englishman." - Shakspeare would never liavo asked, f Achat's ; in an aim 1" if he had been hit on thc-head with a brick. ; ; . AVhy is a soldier /who ' attempts to ' bayonet a ghost an - unprincipled fellow!— Because he sticks at nothing. .;J ' ; ; ;.K- AVhat do great liars do When they die !— Thoy lie etill, : a ; ' 