' THE INEBEIATE ASYLUM, NEW YOEK. This is an asylum for drunkards, . who voluntarily enter it for the purpose of aban doning their drinking habits, having lost all power of self-control while subject to the every-day temptations which surround them. The trustees of the proposed Inebriate ^xsjiuui iu xiuvv xuiJi. ntive issutju a.u tippeat to the churches of the United States and the American public for assistance. Some of the statements are startling, as — Who can doubt the vital importance of such an asylum when, even before its first story is completed, applications have been made for admittance, many of which are from the patients themselves ! Among the appli cants are 28 clergymen, 36 physicians, 42 lawyers, 3 judges, 12 editors, 4 army, and 2 naval officers, 179 merchants, 55 farmers, 515 mechanics, and 410 women, most of them ladies. How came all these to be prostrate and so disgraced ? Did they descend to drunken ness and shame with one step, or did they go- down by the dangerous stairway of modera tion? , ' Twenty-eight clergymen' — men who were, if we believe their profession, called by the Holy Ghost to watch the flock of the faithful, and to be themselves sentinels and guardians upon the walls of Zion ; these men by the way of moderation, have fallen — alas ! how low. 'Thirty-six phyisicans' — men who knevr the danger that lui*ks in the cup of abomin able things and yet partook of its unholy and destructive contents. They are prostrate and helpless in the fiendish power of the tyrant which has bound them in his adamantine chains. . ' Forty- two lawyers' — who, by the prac tice of their honourable profession, see often, deep into the affairs of others ; they ?'have-'' turned their knowledge to licentiousness-* .have disgraced humanity and the bar, are now shivering inebriates seeking admission into the 'halls'' and retreats of the asylum. ' Three judges' — conservatives of the peace, purity, and protection of fleir respec tive jurisdictions — men who m'nister the law themselves, prostrated below the poor crea tures upon whom they executed the ven geance of the violated statute, and their ermine dragged in the pollution of Bacchana lian degradation. 'Twelve editors': — men who, for the sake of the community and themselves ought to abstain from, : and honestly denounce, any pai'ticipation in. the demoralising customs of society— they ? advertised the poison in their columns, took bribes perhaps, to slander the temperance cause, and fell into the snares .they assisted to set for others. ''fi ]. And the ' army and navy' seek a repre sentative within the walls of the Drunkard's Asylum- ' 179 merchants !' — what horrible havoc upon the commercial enterprise, indus try, and intelligence, of the country. '55 Farmers' — who should have been publicly mseful in their day. ' 525 mechanics' — men who might have carved out an honourable name, and left an unsullied reputation. -? '410 women from the high walks of life' — horrible words.' 'What a summary. Surely the demand is loud to the pulpit, the platform, and the press to ' stay this plague.' — American Paper. 