GENERAL EXTRACTS. | The New York Herald of December 26th prints a long letter from the leader of the expedition which the proprietors of that journal, with unexampled enterprise, sent in search of Dr. Livingstone In a leading article on the subject it says : " The Arab village of Kwinana, in Unyanyombe, was reached on the 30th day of May, and in this place the expedition halted, after having travelled 525 miles in 34 days. It is from this Arab village, far away from civilisa- tion, in the wilds of Africa, amid a strange people, and hemmed in on all sides by the surroundings of barbarism, that the Herald correspondent writes us the first tidings he has heard of Dr. Livingstone. ' I saw the Musungu at Ujiji last year. He lived in the next tent to me. He has a long white moustache, and was very fatigued SaUmbinlînahendto our corres- pondent. The Musungu has gone to Marriorna,' replied the Sheikh Abdullah bin Washib to the queries put to him. 'I lived with him at Ujiji. His men have deserted him. He had nothing with him to buy food for a long time. He is a very old man, and very fat, too,' answered Sheik Thank bin Massoud. These and like answers did the correspondent receive from the native chiefs regarding the great traveller. From all the information received, which is detailed in our correspondent's report in another page, there is every reason to believe that Dr. Livingstone is alive, and though ago, fatigue, hardship, and want have laid their marks upon him, yet he lives, and the labours of his years will yet enrich science, and add to the general information of the world. The work of the expedition, however, is not yet completed, the journey not yet ended. The point, however, has been reached from which a new departure will be taken. Onward is still the cry, and deeper still into the wastes must the journey yet be carried. The mission so favourably commenced, so energetically persevered in, so courageously uphold, must crown its enterprise with success ore the announcement can be made to the world that the goal is won, and that the great traveller whose name is a home word throughout the universe has been saved or has sunk to a lonely grave among the wilds of Africa." The Daily News, man article on the sitting of the Telegraphic Convention at Rome, points out the in- congruity of such an assemblage and the historic associations connected with the city in which it is hold " What," the News asks, " has the electric telegraph to do with Remo ? A tramway from the Piraeus to Athens scores in positive harmony with the genius of the place, when compared with a caution of electricians and telegraph officials assembled in the city of the conclave Yet there is the Telegraphic Convention in session none the loss Modern science is not afraid even of the most majestic ghosts So it calmly enters the city where, according to an Italian writer, you cannot walk the streets without treading under foot the dust of heroes and saints, and it proceeds to make arrangements for new enterprises and new tariffs of telegraph), All this is quite in keeping with the spirit of our modern world, and such a convention would appear just in its place in London, or Berlin, or New York But it is enough to make ' Cap) is, the sightless soon,' start up in wonder again to hear of a telegraphic council being held in Rome ' But thou, what does thou here, in the old man's peaceful hall ?' Can nothing be done to bid back the audacious intruder Science from the sanctuary which for so many ages has been impressed ? Where is the edict that condemned the heresy of Galileo c It is as powerless as the sword which Pope Julius ordered Michael Angelo to place in the hand of his statue instead of the book which the sculptor suggested But the orator is a good one for united states when the same season seen within the walls of Rome the session of the Italian Parliament and that of the very- graphic Convention Politics and soionco,froo speech, free press, and the electric wire will, if anything can, i send back her youth and her vigour to Rome. fill with now glow and vitality) for long-torpid veins, and revive that intellect which once thought it little to attempt the government of a world " " The progress of the J vpnnoso m adapting themselves to European ways is," writes the Daily News, " extremely rapid They no sooner board of paper money than it was substituted for Specie, and un mediately after understanding the principle of public loans, the Government appeared in the London market as the horse of a million sterling While the Chinese reject every ollormndoto construct a railway, the Japanese are making one of several hundred miles in length While persons of consideration depreciate in Parliament the introduction of tram roads in London-the) aroboingliiidin\okohama While our Australian brothron,soshrowdinothorrospocts,nre permitting themselves to be deluded with the fallacies of protection, the Japanese are declaring for free trade, and, as a beginning, have resol v ed, when the treaties are revised next year, to expunge the prohibition on the export of rice flies are the first among foreign nations to follow English example in forming a society for the prevention of cruelty to animals Chief among the movers in this new department is the Mikado He has emancipated himself from the rule which ordained that he should remain secluded from his | people's nniHiblo sovereign who was one half a divinity, and all the more divine, perhaps, because he was never seen by the commonalty I lo recently attended at the opening of the first section of the railway Wishing to cultivate his mind, he is now engaged in the study of German When he indulges in drinking he prefers champagne to the beer brewed liquors His soldiers have for some time been armed and drilled on the European model One thing, however, distinguished them from European troops This was the manner in which their loot were covered, or sometimes left un- covered The decree has now gone forth that the soldiers and all the Government officials are to be shod in shoes of European pattern All these changes, and others equally swooping, not included in the foregoing enumeration, are equivalent to a revolution in Japan of which we can with difficulty form any) conception." One Sunday recently a preacher in Iowa advised the sisters to mortify Satan by giving their jewellery to the church on the next Sabbath evening. The result was a galvanised watch and three brass finger ring. " They are a mean lot of sinners," said the pompous 