Facts and Fancies. A FEW PLAIN FACTS. DIOGENIS. MAN'S a fool ! When it's hot hot he wants It cool: When its cool he want's It hot—<*> Ne'er connected with his lot. When iU dry. Hs for showers is sure to sigh; When—to msst.hi* wish—it rams. Of the wet the fool oomplauu. Hot or cold, or dry or wst, Nothing suits that he oan get; I consider, as a mis, Man's a fool t A JOXXY-BOSBD votary of Bacchus, while rambling in a wood, was bitten at tbe end of bis proboscis by a venomous snake. The snake died! Tbbbxblb.—A person being asked why he had given his daughter in marriage to a man wifsa whom hs was at enmity, answered, " I did U out of revenge." At an auction of miscellaneous articles in tba open air it began to rain, when a bystander advised the auctioneer that he had better pat np his umbrella the next thing. A asETLEaUE, having written a letter, con cluded it as follows :—" Give Everybody's love to Everybody, so that Nobody may be aggrieved by Anybody being forgotten by Somebody." Cheebiko Ebmasx.—At a rural summer resort, the only walk is to the graveyard, and when a visitor shrinks from taking it, his land lady oheers him by remarking, " Ah, sir, there's* no telling how soon you'll be carried there!" A vibe young gent, in turning swiftly on bis heel, ran his bead against a young lady. He pat himself in a position to apologise. " Not a word," said the quick witted beauty ; " it isn't hard enough to hurt anybody." The coxcomb frowned, and the young lady smiled and coarse' sied as gracefully as an angel Cbbdit.—A young man having pat a crown piece into " tbe plate," in an Edinburgh church, by mistake, instead of a penny, asked to have it back, bat was refused. In once, in for ever. v AweeL aweel," grunted he; " I'll get credit fort in heaven." " Na, na," said the doorkeeper, " J*'U get credit only for the penny ye meant to gie." A Wittt Waxteb.—Three Cambridge under graduates went into a hotel celebrated for ita wines, particularly old hock. One of tbem, who took upon himself to be the wit of tba company, ordered the waiter to bring a bottle of " hie, h*e, hoe." The waiter, however, paid no attention to tbe request, and on being again called, said, " Really, gentlemen, I thought you had declined it." Stiee-Kebed Siegers.—ln a recent paper on "Church Music," the writer, De. lVsa, alleges that Paul and Silas " were singing on thoir knees, whence be deduce* the duty of sing ing on our knees at " holy communion." Upon this, a correspondent of the Record puts tha very pertinent question: " But how could Paul and Silas kneel when their feet were "Hlt fast iv the stocks ?" Gem.—The following, we are assured, is a verbatim copy of a letter recently received by a schoolmaster in the North from a householder in his locality:—" *• ur, ass, you are a man of no lees, and I wish to inter my sun in yonr skull." Tbe obscurity and seeming offensiveness of this address disappear on translation. What was intended to be written was: Bir,-<-As you are a man of knowledge, I wish to enter my son at your school. Wsstebe Neighbors.— " Where is yonr bouse P" asked a traveller, in ths depths of one of the wildernesses of the West. "House! I' ain't got no house." " Well, where do you live ?" " I live in the woods, eat raw bear and wild turkey, and drink out of the Mississippi I" And he added : " It's getting too thick with the folks out here. You're the seoond man I've seen within the month, and I hear there's a whole * family come in about fifty miles down the river—fl I'm going to put out m the woods again." The Tail or a Ghost.— A propos of ghostsJS ypt another story comes from Peckbam. A^ certain French polisher left a bottle of sweet oil uncorked in his workroom, and after the lapse of a few days, though he bad not bad occasion to use any of the oil, he made the discovery tbat it was getting " smaller by degrees and beautifully less." Hero was a mystery. No one had been into his workroom except himself, and oil was not a thing to evaporate into thirs* air. Another day passed, and the oil in tha bottle was found to be about half an inch lower. He had heard of ghosts, but did not know that they had a taste for sweet oil. However, he was determined to fathom the mystery, and this is how he went about it. Next to bis workroom was a storeroom, and these rooms were divided by a wooden partition. Through this partition he bored a small hole. When night came, he left the gas burning low, so ss to throw a glimmer of light on the mysterious bottle of oil Then he took up his quarters in the dark store room, and put his eye to the hole he had made. Here he watched the bottle until tbe " witching hour of night, when churobyards yawn," when lo! the ghost appeared. It was a monstrous rat with the numerous family of seven! This was tbe modus operandi. The old rat climbed the bottle, dropped her tail into the oil, and drew it out well saturated. When the young ones had licked the tail, the operation was repeated until they were satisfied j then the matroniy old rat held a Uttle " waysgoose " of ber own on the top of the bottle neck, and then the rats retired as mysteriously as they had come. Next day our Frenoh polisher inserted some rat-poison in the oil, and the following morning he had tha satisfaction of finding the old rat with all bar progeny dead on the field of tbeir exploits. Ak Actob's Happy Thought.—Tbe follow ing anecdote exhibits a late Emperor of Russia in a new character, as well as records one of the most happy escapes tbat was ever effected by wit and presence of mind. Some years ago there was a celebrated comic ».ctor at St. Petersburgh. named Martinoff. He had the most extraordi nary powers of imitation, and was so great a favorite with the publio as sometimes to venture interpolations of his own, instead of following the advice of " Hamlet" to bis players, "to speak no more than is set down for tbem." The Emperor bad a high chamberlain, or a person filling a similar oiQoe, name Poloffsky. Whether for fun or mslice, Martinoff, while per forming, contrived to let fly some puns sgainst this great man, whioh were rery warmly re ceived by the audience. The consequence was, * as soon as the play was over, the actor found himself in the custody of a guard of soldiers, who took him to prison, where be was told he was to be confined for a fortnight. Not oontent with this, Poloffsky either told the Emperor himself, or contrived that it should come to his ears, that the player had actually had the pre sumption to indulge in imitations of his imperial majesty. On his lioeration, Martinoff went to Court to pay hi* respeo.s, as usual, and the Emperor told bim of the uccutation, whioh he denied. " Well," said the Emperor, "if you never did so, let me have an imitation of myself naw. We know you can do it if you choose." This was an awkward and dangerous position for the poor actor, who felt he should get into trouble for either falling short of or overdoing the character. But the autocrat was determined, and there was no escape. Suddenly a bright thought struck Martinoff, and drawing himself up, he assumed the exact bearing and man ncr of the Emperor, and in a voice so like that it made everyone present start, he said : " Poloffsky, give Martinoff a thousand silver roubles." " Stop," said the Empor.>r. " I have heard quite enough. The iu.nuuou is admirable, and the entertainment prc.iL.iTtt to be too expensive Give bim tbe roubk'B. i'olclfitky; but now, mind, sir, let this be the lost time you mimio me here or elsewhere." It is, of courso, un necessary to say that litarthioff, who had expected nothing less than a journey to Siberia, wo* too glad to pocket tho money and escape so well. Tux following " notice " was taken from a tree near Lenneberg'* store, Pimpama:— BPOETIXO. INTLKLK^FNCE There wIU be aralse held ut skrubby Chreek on Saturday march the lath Wi -J i.Uk* from the wutherd logon ferrey sad on the main rA V) brUbanc ami ou the property of Thomas O .lav.-l! tlio Corse in < "lour und is the best Courses in the Colon:..» baring mulbouren there will be 4 racie* the flr.t aMeq.ls Chaise uxoud the Maiden plaite third the wuu-rfortl (houeu plult aponle* raise for the ladies punm ti)<: poui*-* not to ecccid 14 haudes in bite there will be a meeting cald for satcrday Fsbuarey tbe 10 at hustheti bulbil to apoiute Judj and sthurdes to Carey out tbe ahove bevineos this is the onely district and siiitral plac of the lugan albort browns pbtine oceley and Coopers jiluines and bilsbsne it is alsow free from Clapthorp liotell. 