NOTHING IN THE PAPERS. There, we have it again, this nothing that night and day disturbs my serenity, . that haunts me worse than the ghost does the house at the coiner of Church and Newcomen streets. Is it not a fearful /thing 'to be; troubled with nothing t Nothing to do, to say, to think about, to eat, to idripki'^o smoke. And now I come to think of it, t^m reminded that a wor thy friend of mine has discovered the curative properties of nothing. He has Ions suffered from a bad leg. He told me a few evenings ago, that his leg got no better ; he had had any amount of medical advice, but* all reme dies had failed to effect any change for the better; nothing did him good. Said I, 'apply Ttothing and you will improve.' Saiche, ' I will' I have not heard the result. Now I am a contented man ; I've gQ^jipthinq, there fore to say that I want nothing would be ab surd. I do, however, want something,; and badly too ; it is that I may be delivered from all rats and mice^ffom cockroaches and spi ders, from anjMff various kinds, from F sharps and B Flat*, from centipedes, snakes, candid ates'^saCetings arid hustings speeches, and from all general elections and their concomi tant evils. I am much afraid that the .rise or benefit to raankindjpf any of. the foregoing is decidedly questionable. There's nothing in the lot ? but vanity and vexation of spirituous ? liquors. '' ' ' - ;..; ' ?';.' '.? . - iV . Friday evening.— What's , aty the dust? Ha ! I hear the bleating of royx4ambs ;. they are being run into the pen1; thfe' Jshepherd is with them.', Faithful shepherd, tell me, where were , yon when the bell weather was chosen by the little flock? I observe that there has been an importation of new stock ? there are some . - sttange Iambi ; they look like Rummy Marsh . ??? . sheep, as if they'd been born and bred in the midst of swamps and morasses.. I hope there's ' no fluke. The bleating is of a mere formal 'nature. The innocents determin%' to meet once a. week, and then go about their business. So do I about mine. Saturday.— General holiday in the Bake house ^police market dull* nothing doing; C:— y and Idonowho busily engaged getting up their muscle for this day week. I had an op-, portunity of seeing the men., Idonowho looks fit j : C— y is rather .top fleshy for myjfancy. I hesida bystander remark: Oh J he be bio wed! I suppose he referred to a probable shortness of breath in. the second roiu^d. Still there .??.,'; stands forth to die world tba^notable fact that ^?\ we,' up to date,, had been for four-and-twenty ' ' hours a happy community, Would you know . .why't'i i '.. . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? .''.'.? v : . Know, then, the truth (enongli for yon to know) ~ '??? Virtue alone is. happiness below. Funny idea, too ;' didn't know that any happi ness was to. beexp^ct^d. there. ' ITve Wandered orer many lands, - . . butj oddsbodkins, grammercy, i'faith, of what . ever other polite expression «f the middle ages ??. ? ? :you' may choose, I never saw such a woe beg6nei unhappy-looking place as our mar . , keti It's just as well no fuss was made over the opening of it A fearful rurnoWr has got about concerting it ?''It's said that its last occupant is abduCto retire, having made a , fortune there. Well,^tbis Bates everything. » Deato.— All Hopes, Esq.^pf Borough Mar : ; ket, Newcastle, leaving a numerous circle of ratepayers to deplore their untimely loss. ,. :,, Cease, erery joy, to glimmer on my mind. Bat leare— oh I learo the light of Hope behind'! It's all no use, the light is quenched. So's my candle. '.,... -: '? . . Monday. — 'Poitr encourager lea attires ; iRobert Welch— Welch! Oh, yes, to be sure, Welcher, that's what I was thinking about — ? . for that he did feloniously, et«., etc. ; one;borse ? ? to wit, etc. ; case made and provided by C — jy, Much better have left jxnWbehind, as he would have found it in his Latin dictionary had he looked for it. . ' The hone ia a noble animal, ' — Match's Epitomc fob tub Yodno, only he's a beggar to get folks into trouble. The assault case whereof I wrote unto you in my Hast, turned out a regular-bag 'of smoke, and 'pon my word had I been B — y and H — y I'd | have done as they did; nothing could nave been. -more righteous than ihe decision; of the bench. Threatening? Ian ? CTage».;ffly°wed ty ?* demand; for sureties '' of the peace found its way to Chokee for' a month. Th« day is. devoted to canvassing^. They do say one, of trie can didates ; hasV been canvassed and papered' i,-- ! enough/ aMtyat white ajits have got into his ''.'' waistcbating. ' TheV-l. was going to say . fathers— juveniles met during the evening. ... If the meeting is to be take* as ;;.a sample j of future ones, I shalLfeel inclined to dub the youths as the ' Sons of Harmony.' The new , Mayor has- settled steadily into -work' and stakes the collar kindly. I was astonishedjto '.'hear, the deputy oracle of democracy, the, '''Aboriginal, advocating the burking of public discussion ; though I ' have always known . your through democrat to be more ineonsjs ,';' teht than even the two-headed calf. Babbage . took to punning ; he said he was anxiotis ito tee ''the city weW supplied 'with 'water.' Andthen they took to balloting, and, after a clotesoTtttiny of the papers.it was declared tllat the Aboriginal 'was 'touched.' I always thought so. Oh, law! the 'fact of the youths possessing a live. solicitor, which they keep On a chain, is an irresistible inducement to gojto law. His Excellency of Belmore said so. He was anxious, waVHis X., to try his hand at settling some, if the disputes between the individuals whr differed froni the whole body of the ratepayers. I'd like to see him do it; V, u TU Ulk* wort VUhfcMi same leanwdlliel^! j, .What: could you do, O lately elected one? -'- You oould only compromise. Compromising you- would deal unjustly with the many for the -..sake of oiiewwbuld you? You'd allowthe--Jne to take the benefit of the law. and deprive the many of it, woui&'.'y.bu? ' Gel out ! Tour in . Hxperieace s.hpcks me; your non&encs; galls 'knei You have given me a taste of your quality. J .don't like it. .- ; Many a man has made-himiejf* regulation l^r wjbdorq by hold ing his tongue, and shaking bis head ; go and do likewise. ;.A^ Warafah, the* Sages met. : The . juenieteiy', again; some fyfpes of getting the V matter settled at last. L&o; trust it will not '?'? be at' Waratah, but in some quiet and secluded nook^ more fitting to the resting place of those '.woo. have passed away. Associations have . much to do witib* this cemetery question. Contrast a gravejwd in a busy city with one in the country,' . Bemember your thoughts , in ' otte^' sid' in tie other ; then decide. What ho * court of pttty setsions at Waratah? Impoj ; ' aible ! Did th^jt at last .condescend to settle up the- Whiteman's claim? Take it easy'; . gently i over the atones; once a fortnight ?iriitead' of weekly. Not a bad idea either. ! Mpre time for reflection ; leu for talk. Wha^ -& shocking bad lot of surveyors to be aura ; not one to be found equal in ability to an ordinary alderman. Take the job by, turns,, my friends, week about. That's your game. Or get one for all the municipalities and worry him like the hounds do a dog-fox at the death. Yoicks, stole away, gone away ! Tuesday. — Day of thanksgiving ; observed' with due decorum. Let us not enlarge on the subject. Each one of us must know in his heart of hearts, what good cause we have all had to be thankful. Long live the Prince of Wales, ditto when he comes into the five shiUings a liberal nation will hereafter present him with. Wednesday. — 'Pon my honor our leading bobbies are getting too stout altogether; no thing to do yesterday, next to nothing to-day. Threatening language — dismissed. Stolen colt remanded. Wages case. What's become of ali^the drunks ?v Permissive Bill must be frightening them, or they're saving space for this evening.^ Which ) Possibly men are too busy election«sku& and can't find time to take their liquor/*' Posters and handbills galore. L. and Mac'Wry much alike, 'specially Mac. Wickham witnesses the meet ing of the Happy. Family. Alderman H— d, can it be that you really were out of order, or was our friend joking ? I think the latter was the case. Port Waratah under orders to come into Newcastle. Railway village to be handed over to the engineer corps. ; Maitland Road ! Attention ! As you were ! Halt I What, do people living on Tighe's HirSftftrat to come . into town for? Nonsense!, let them go to Waratah, the road is good nearly all the !way, and then - they ??can come 'in'/ by rail. |Yes'! that's the idea ! It is not because these people pay rates that therefore they are entitled to consideration. Oh, dear, no! They'll be able to come in by way of Port Waratah; by-' and-by. HpW about ; Main-stree'T?' Left get. away home ' -Wickham's flourishing — lei ijj. , , Thursday.— ^Whilst it was yet early Gedrgey .landed. . ? i .??..' u ?'-.? '?' ' ^^^?^?ijSJot one voice cried, God bless him. .J i ' '. . I've heard-ofVa fpjith who entered London under somewhat' Smilar cjreumstances. But it was Georgey's own fauft. He should have ordered his carriage, or at .all events warned' his committee. What a chance they jlost, what gigantic preparations had they not in tended making for the mid-day boat : ? '.'. 0, how full of briara is this working-day world ! Never mind. ' He'lgoing to have the Borough i^arket.; ; ' Ah,' said a friend of mine on hear ing this, ' he's diiving his pigs to a bad niar kefc' Three' o'clock- sharps' -Tne VVallace wight takes a, pot shot at the CroeodilA the ball,. rolls harmlessly oft the.saunans scales. Shocking bad . powder,, and the aiifl '^^s not irue^ Then Georgey,. thus — \ Let .me play the lioa too: I will roar, that I will do any man'i heart jtood to hear me; I will ro»r, that I will make old Croco aay, Let hiin roar again, liet him roar again. ~ ? , I Mr. Chairman and gentlemen— I ? Hannell ? Macquarie — — Pilot ? Stokes -| — r: Chronicle— — I . — — Macquarie ? we— — ?' protection ? ministry — r— Hannelb -| — Chronicle. , ,, Ding, ding! ding, ding P- The Bell Poole jb in the offlng firing guns ?to windward. The ' Fiery' Cross 'gets j up steam,. and, under the eye of the great Nelson. —Nelson and Morpeth, you know—bears down Mpon the enemy and boards-; the ? Bell Poole hauls her wind ; then tacks and' stands! in again. Another gun or two to windward and then ' she' throws her after— f sails to the njast and watches. I'm told she's acting under the command of Admiral Goliah. I knoW this is false. The .admiral has his ports down and is. merely recorinoitering. I cannot but admire the action — actions speak louder than words — all I could hear, with the- exception, of 'the brief report I have already given, was— actions. Put me in mind, of a Maricmette theatre. : I took stock of Aim. I\found(him. j ' A tun bo various that he eeemed to be, i Not one, but all mankind's epitom* ; ' ! Stiffin.opinionB, always in thu wrongj , Wm evetytking bj starts, and nothing long ' . But, in the. cqurse-of one disooraire apeoeh, ; ' Did immigration, fnetrade and protection teacH. Vote of confidences Of course. Didn't Tommy Adam put' it to .the meeting? Did he. put to the contrary?' No!,.Tpmmy's .a; dodger. He knew it wouldn't do. Cheer away, Tommy ; you're not out of the wo(-d, nor in Parliament yet, nor would you: 'be in the council .if—you .know ITommy, ': Lo|-di how they on the platform did laugh, to be sure ; ? how they did grin. ? -Why not ? Prema^ ture, perhaps; but why. not? This .evening will be grinning time. More meetings in the evening.1 Mi»c. and L. ' , , ; . i ?'? , ' Go it,' little one ; big one beat. ' :: ' . ; : . Tales of the Crusader^. Rows and rotten eggs. Went to hear the opera troupe. Said last week I wasn't afraid. Very1 much pleased, but regret the hall's being too small -for the compass': of ' their voice. Ye Rose of Castile. Happy thought Castile soap better than the old G. A. L.'s' soft! soap. Save your fat ! : Too late. This peculiar soap is at a discount- ' No more, thank you; ' . Friday. — Preternatufally quiet is the city. The hostile forces are arraying themselves Jin' order of battle.' Their leaders will address them to-day. I see before me the same plat form on Which, last week, Shiney William gave up the political ghost'; I make preparations for mounting it/ 'Jwill he 'there. ''???'?''' i :? Electors of 'Newcastle, - .:.''. ', .Be.not deceived, .. ..«?'..??. . - i G. A. LlbjdwUlgototheBBUl | which also Macquarie intenda4o do. Even as. I sit writing I: hear two Refrains. I give them:— ? / j 1 ' -i. Ltoyd for ever, 'J '?/ '? ?'?' i\ '.' . , Maequarie in therirer . : ?. ' f . . Catching fiah for Uoyd'a dinner.- : ? ? . ' i ' and : ?:. ? i .:.? .???- ? -.}' . .?!'::??? .'. : ;. ! .-. Uaoduari* for erer, ? - ? ? . Lloyd in the river ? ????-. ??.'. - . ? Kihing for. Maoquarie'a dinner. '1 The latter runs more glibly arid the metre is better. Who's afraid ? Shall I' teU; you ?i Hisht, whisper ! Lloyd's committee are in an awful funk! I w* present at the nomination. I heard G. A. If, I saw,his supporters and admirers; theyjooked blue. ? G. A. L. sajd 'ditto;' his friends said 'hodrod.' l, There1' was a fight. JQ. A. L. said 'ditto.'' There, wasanother/ght, two fights, six fights,! a free fight, and h/ting all round, winding up oppo-' site dip DjCstor's. C—y was into andiout of the chanpfing1 'circle, pareh'd peairi frying pan fashion ?' his myrmi^pns were to tnefpre, and distinguished themselves in a most rttaarkable manner. G. A. L. saidl if Mac's raeh would pnly^be quiet,, his friends would not create any disturbance. I believed: every wora that he said, bar only the ditto. Mac 'spouted Jike a whale. Both srere well received. The re turning-omcer gave it to G. A. L.— that is to say the show of hands ; it Was Brown thai gave it him t'other way. My opinion of his (JL's) speech ain't worth giving, for it's so bad. ????:??? ? ' ? ? '?' \ rBut all waafabe and hollow, though his tongae . ', Dropt manncn, 'and oould make the worse appear The better reason. , . J i I fiave heard bSbre now of men whojrbmen aded putsld^ of., the Westminster Courts,! with each a strW*Sickirig out of his shoe. ' Why did they do it 1 But I. must to roost, or I; shall not be in a fit condition to crow at the' dose of the poll. Lloyd for ever and ever, that is if it'll run it, but vote for Macqoabie ! 