STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. MELBOURNE. We report as follows of the week's transactions and of the state of the market - SATUIMAT KlfcMNO The hu Trees Of li o past week has been of only moderate extent but general by at rates fully sustain li g previous quotations Debentures continue in short supply laid any i offered command full rates Bank shares have been in good demand and orders difficult to execute Oss and Insurance, have had four transactions Among alluvial mining o impanioB there has been a rise in Band and Albion OOPBOIB, and a heavy fall In Great Gulf and Haddon Extended In quartz companies are note an advance in Long Tunnel, rounded Hustler's Hustler'- Freehold and O V Brooks- Several cases of repudiation in Black Horse, Great Gulf and Haddon Extended have occurred In connexion with the transactions of Mr Levey, of Bal Lovat who has been placed under restraint on account of mental aberration The dividends declared during the week amount to £24,796 14' as particularised below Debentures, Banks, at d Ml'cellancous Stocks - Victorian Government six per cent, local debentures have been placed BY £116 and Wales Melbourne and Hi son's Bay Railway six per cents wanted at £104 10s Melbourne Gas seven per cents line buyers at £102, and New South Wales fives at £102 10s Coln nial Bank of Australasia in continued request at £0 18s 6d a sale reported at £7, shares very near no Commercial have been placed at £3 16s and £3 16s 8d and olOBeilim Nailorml have changed hands to sfalrix*cntat£616s Gd and £510 , flares on the London register wanted at 253 Bulli of New South Wales have buyers at £86 10s Bank of Victoria sold at £42, and close with bujarsat£42 10s or a little more Gan Bhiros (caree Collingwood and Fitzroy sold at £8 16s, and Melbourne at £0 69, buyers of the latter unsupplied Insurance shares have little business Southern have been placed at 11s 6d , and close with buyers at same rate, National wanted at le Gd , others nominal Melbourne Meat preserving quitted at £4 11s 6d and £1 12s 6d for small parcels, buyers at £4 12s 6d enclose, with £6 asked The half yearly report and balance-sheet of horned Mortgage Bank of Victoria has been issued and shows steady progress The usual dividend at rate of 10 per cent is recommended The reserve fund is increased and a balance carried forward Ballarat and other Mines Band and Albion Consols have been in good request throughout the week, and shares sold to a fair extent at 120s to £3, closing firm Black Horse have had a considerable advance rising from 22s. 6d to 38s ; some of the sales made at low rates last week have not been completed Bonshaw nominal at about £21 Clunes COHBOIB have been sold at 66 8s and £s, and are now held for 57s 6d Cornish Company have had a fluctuating market shares having been quitted at £100 (cum dividend) and afterwards realising £166 to £180 (~x did di in)) Great Gulf have been aroused on the market all the week receding from £4 to sellers at £2 12s 6d , with no dec aged buyer over 36s ; numeral repudiation have occurred in connexion with this e ock Harbinger inquired for at £3 fOr. Hope wanted at 12s. 6d Kneebone neglected. Kohl poor continue depressed ; shares offered at 30s Leviathan without reported transactions; sellers £8 16s Long Tunnel have advanced in value, having been placed at £113 £114 10s Lothair continue to meet good demand, shares have changed hand i at £4 3s to £4 6s Magdala, after having been quitted at low as 30s In the early part of the week, have recovered to 38s Melbourne and Avoca have had a good deal of inquiry without leading to much bull nets, yields improving New North Clunes held for £114 North Cornish extremely depressed, sollen at Sis ; the management has been removed to Melbourne North Gipps Land nominal at £9 buyers, £10 10s lollors Park have been sold at 16s to 10s 6d and close about 103 Prince of Wales quiet at 30s to 40s buyers 42 sellers Red Jacket declined to 29s sales, but have improved since to 29s buyers, a good yield reported, and dividend expected St George and Band nominal at 22s for paid up Tookey have changed hands to a moderate extent at £20 to £19, closing at latter United Albion and Prince of Wales nominal at 12f United Hand and Band placed to a small extent at £4 IGi to £4 18) 6d Unit ed Ovens nominal at St 121 0d Walhalla hold for £110 , buyer at £108 Wellington neglected Winter a Freehold nominal at £19 Sandhurst Mines-Avondale Company have had some little inquiry, shares obtainable at 7s Tribute No 1 nominal at the Gd andNo2at8<8d Bufftlo Road have had but little business this week, the sales made ranging from 10s to 10s 9d closing with sellers at 10s 3d Catherine United quiet at 18s 6d sellers Clara sold at 2s 3d ; and obtainable at Is 6d Comet hold for 102 66 , buyers about 8s Eureka Tribute placed at 7s to 8s Extended New Moon sold at 2s 3d to 2s 6d , have buyers at latter, and are hold for 8s Fraser's Reef- nominal at Of Garden Gully United and tributes without' business G G Consolidated cum Tributes sold at 27s 6d and close with sellers at 26s buyers offering 23 Golden Fleece Company placed at £5 2s. 6d and £6 6s. Tribute No 1 sold at 18s 6d to 20s and on terms up to 21- Gd No 2 Tribute sold at 26s to 23s 6d, and No 8 at 23s to 21s 6d, all the tributes closing rather under opening rates Great Comet quiet with sellers at 7s Great Extended Hustler's Company have changed hands at £7 12s 6d. and £7 18s 6d with buyers unsupplied at CIOBO-holders looking for a further advance, Tribute so I have been in strong demand at advancing rates, sales from -6 6s to £7 Gs ; next yield expected to be even larger than the previous one, No 2 quiet at 18s G V Brooke Tribute have been dealt in to a large extent, sales from 4s 6d to Or 4d , receding chico loos 6d, at about which they close Hercules nominal at 30s Hustler's Freehold receded to 42s, but have since improved to sales at 47s, and are held for 401 Hustler's Reef nominal at 21s Hustler's Reserve neglected Johnson's Reef in the marist at 26s Lancashire and Stafford have a buyer at mere nominal rate Londinrlorry offered at £12 , buyers about £88 Myrtle Creek sold at 8s 6d and 9s New Chum and Victoria Tribute have been in steady request at improving prices, sales at £62 7s 6d to £60 and £50 offered at close New Moon quitted at 17s 6d and close with sellers at 18s 6d North Golden Fleece and Glasgow sold at 4s and 4s 3d North Hustler s nominal at 10s 6d buyers, 16s sellers, and North Johnson's at 27' GJ North Old Chum sold at 20s, and held for 221 Od Old Chum lead for 42s 6d Progressive wanted at 8s Rainbow Tribute have had increased attention, a sale at 16s , o loth g buyers at 15s 6d sellers 17s Richard Heales have been placed at 16s to 18s, and are held for higher rates, tributes inquired for at late rates Royal Hustler's quitted at from 20 to ads and close in request South New Moon nominal at 6s 6d sellers South Stafford, nominal at a Gd Stafford Star Tribute have sellers at Is Sd Union Jack sold to a fair extent at 10s 6d to 11s 3d , closing about 10s OF the reef has been cut in the lower levels but owing to the water coming in strong the quality has not yet been ascertained Unity, Garden Gully, i if fired at 31s and Unity, Inglewood, at S V oiorla Gold Mines have buyers at 60), dollars at 52' West Carshalton Tribute have sellers at Or Gd Vi ikons, Marong, quitted to a small extent at 17s 6d , but are generally held for higher rates The dividends declared during the week ending January 20 amount to £24,796 111, of which £24 033 14 are from six quartz mining companies, and £763 f cm three alluvial mining companies The dividends in detail are as follow Great Extended Hustler's Tribute Sandhurst 6s 6d per 28,000 h £9 100 Victory Gold Mines, Sandhurst 1s per 20 274th £1013 14s, Annabella, Huntly, 1s. per 3 100th 15s, Oor nish, Daylesford, 10s per 1 SOUTh £060 ; Mow Fear not, Daylesford, Is 6d per 3 000th £270, North Cross Reef, Pleasant Creek 18s per 10 000th, £9,000, Haddon. Haddon £2perGlth £128, Argyle, Linton a, 8s per 3 200th, £480 ; New Chum and Victoria Tribute, Sandhurst, £6 per SOUth, £4 000 BALLARAT. Our Ballarat correspondent reports as follows of the business and events of the week - SATURDAY EVENING "The great sensational event of the week has of course been the melancholy insanity of Mr William Levey and the confusion arising out of that sad event The doings of this unfortunate affair have already been so fully placed before the public that it will be in necessary to recapitulate them here Of those who may have taken advantage of the unfortunate gentil made an effort to repudiate their own engagements by laying them on his shoulder, It IS impress of to speak too strongly, in any kind of language could teach their hearts, and they may be treated with the contempt they deserve, but it is earnestly hoped that a strict and impartial examination of his books and papers may reveal the truth His mental disease and all the confusion attending It, may be traceable to the same cause that has ruined many before him speculation in time bargains and perhaps his case may prove a warning to others and help to check BO ruinous and so dangerous a system One thing seems very certain, that bad Mr Levey's mind not given way, and had he been backed up to the extent he was led to believe he would, he could have made it a warning, In the matter of Great Gulf and Haddon Great Extended to one or two at all events of those who have been doing business In time bargains, but, unfortunately for him, even in these cases he exhibited towards those he desired to circumvent a most implacable hostility, and expressed the immense gratification he felt at having been at last in his power It may not be possible, perhaps, without the aid of legisla- tion, to render time bargains illegal. and it might possibly be deemed beyond the province of Purlta ment to interfere In mob a matter; but If either legislation or custom could introduce the rule that no time bargains should be binding on either party entering into them, we should soon see a restoration of cocOdoncoin the mining markets of the colony and a great impetus would be given on to mining Industry, because road Investors would see that' we got some protection from the danger of having their shares rushed up to. boiling point one day, and down below zero the »(x1 at the whim of those time bargain speculators, and paying mines would then be profitably worked. Another matter that has attracted a good deal of attention since It was known has been the " Regulations for Mining on Private Pro perty, under the 99th section of the Land Act, 1860," Which Is admitted all round by the mining community to be the most disgraceful piece of tin Helve legislation the colony has yet seen So much trouble seems to have been taken to throw every possible obstacle in the way of miners getting possession of the lands that the 60th section declares them entitled to, and the whole of tho proceedings have been to trammelled with expense and distressing action, that it is impossible to think otherwise than that these regulations were framed In reality In far mr of the landowner, though ostensibly for the miner It BOC ma quite vain to expect any improvement In the Mining department but this last barefaced attempt to benefit (1 the miners shows the do parliament to be getting more reckless of the great In forces it is its duty to foster, and more dangerous to the miners, whom it should use in power to protect ID their rights and privileges The Hand and Band Company aroropoi'od to have every indication of > getting into deep ground to the west and south west, and also of that ground being of a much more payable nature than they have been led to expect from anything they have yet seen in the mine. The Slater's Fresh and Company have also had better prospects of late of getting more payable ground, but the direction in which the best ground has been found in not stated yet The Gravel Pits Company have got their chamber finished, and their main drive in about 20ft. As soon as they have got it In 60ft a bore will be put up to test the level of the reef over head, and to see it they are under the Washdirt struck in the prospecting drive The Go-ahead Company are making good progress with their new shaft The Prince of Wales Company are said to be opening into washdirt In several places. The Band and Albion Console Company have been washing remarkably well duing the week. The Lothair Company at Clunes la pening into some fine bodies of stone 6in Magdala Company report having morn certain indications now of getting near the great II.', reef and notify that their manager has received orders the moment the reef is struck tncoaimtinlcini he fact to Melbourne. Geelong, and Ballarat. The Viney aids Company have not been doing NO well of late, and have had to maisonette. The New South Temperance Company have got up steam this week, and as soon as the baling out of the shaft is Qulaho'l, It will be centred up. The No Surrender Company have got into interdict, and expect to increase their yield considerably. Steady but by no means rapid progress continues to be made out in the Dead II irse Ranges; the want of capital is a great drawback. Another large reef has been noticed above the surface of the ground in Little Bendigo, in which void can be seen in the western wall, the name reef has never been crushed yet; and about a quarter of a mile higher up the range Is another enormous body of quartz cropping out of the ground, in some places eight feet thick, and apparently stolid stone ; this has never been tried either. The market has been very unsettled all the week, owing to the confusion caused by Mr. Levey's misfortune and his attendant circumstances. Great Gulf and Haddon Great Extended shares are completely out of the market- Band and Band have improved and closed (lim. Band and Albion Co soils are stronger, and showing an advance Park have weakened again Winter's Freehold have not been named for business during the week. New North Clunes have received a little vince the early part of the work United Albion are weaker, and scarcely ever mentioned, Queen Vic tells have flooded, and are dull. Clunes Consols remain very firm, Prince of Wales show signs of Improvement. Reform remain unchanged Tookey are very quiet. Black Horse are slightly easier. Lothair have improved and close very firm. Cosmopolitan are steady. Wallaby very dull Racecourse are firm, Magdala are improving a little. Leviathan are dull. Bonshaw and Vineyards have had no business-. Newington are quiet, but steady. Saints' have had very little business, but are steady. Argyle remain pretty steady. Parker'sExtcndod are quiet, but ready. The fol- lowing are the only returns to hand : - Llanberris, 88 oz, 6dwt'. for the fortnight ; Temperance, Flour. 17dwt. for 'the fortnight; St. George and Band, llSoz. OJwt. for the week ; Great Gulf, 14oz. for the week ; United Albion, 36oz, for the fortnight. Haddon declared a dividend of 40s. Band and Albion Consols, 1 072. 5dwt. for the week. SANDHURST. Our Sandhurst correspondent reports of the mining events of the week as follows: SATURDAY EVENING The business of the share market, as well as the work of producing gold from the mines of the strict, has shown an Improvement and an increase during the past week. When we find such returns as between 1,400 oz. and 1,600 oz. from the New Chum and Victoria Tribute, between 600 oz and GOO oz from the Shenandoah Tribute for the present week and there is a certainly almost of the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute producing nearly i.OOOoz on Saturday next, it will be readily admitted that the gold-producing interest of the district is healthy and prosperous. On the other hand, there are, no doubt, many companies where it is all outlay and no income and when perhaps a large amount from the gold-producing claims has to be put in to pay calls. Tula circulation of the money, however, is of advantage to the general interest of the whole commonalty. Matters In the share market have been in a somewhat similar condition to the. mines. There has been a considerable amount of business done to substantial and dividend paying stock, while outside and low- priced stocks are still neglected. Those which have held the foremost positions during the t set week have been the Great Extended Hustler's (companies and tributes), New Chum and Victoria lines, Shenandoah Tribute, to Fleece tributes, 0. V. Brooke and some of the adjoining claims, the Empire, and one or two others in all of these there has been a large business done, and the shares have changed hands In large parcels. In all of them the rates have improved dally, Ihospeoulatlon In them being of a healthy character, and founded on the well established and excellent prospects of the ground held by the respective companies. The following report briefly summarises the work done, and the changes worthy of notice by those companies which are engaging attention in the share market just at present : -The Great Extended Hustler's Company expect daily to strike the tribute stone in their cross-cut, and from the lay of the reef, towards the ground of the latter, it is expected to be even of a richer character than in the tribute. The tribute are getting out richer stone than they have yet obtained ; a cake of something like 4,000 oz, It is expected, will astonish the public on Saturday next from this astonishing claim. The Royal Hustlers. The stock rose considerably to day, In consequence of having struck another body of stone in their western crosscut but there is still the same uncertainty prevailing as to its being the Hustler's reef as when they struck stone at the five or six weeks ago. The Hustler's Reserve no still extending their cross-cut, no material change having occurred during the week. The same favourable indication of water and promising spurs, showing i bat a reef is likely to be soon met with. the City of Sandhurst have started their pro 'paratlonB for the erection of their machinery The Empire Company (Sparrowhawk) are opening out on their new reef which they recently struck in the shaft, and have extended It 18ft to the north and 12ft. to the south, without yet getting to the etc treme width, They expect a good return to-night, and a continuation of very remunerative yields for so me time to come. The Shenandoah Tribute having completed the arrangements for thonropor ventilation of the mine, are now getting out stone from a roof 14ft. in width, which, as is reported. IS Improving In richness. Their last dividend was 8d., and that from the cake to-night will be Is, or upwards. There is every appearance of a continuation of the same good yields. The New Chum and Victoria Tribute are at present getting out stone from a very rich reef, ranging in width from 4th. to 16ft. thick, with excellent prospects of a continuation of the same rich stone, Their yield to-night in 1,416., and the dividend £6 per 800th, equal to £4,000. On mo B'afford Uno, the principal companies have done a large amount of work recently. with the same good prospects they for some time had. The Golden Fleece Company have sunk their new shaft a further total depth of 50ft., and will continue the sinking 20ft. further At about- 60ft from this depth, whence they arrive enced further sinking, or at about a depth of 40ft from present sinking, they will open out on the reef. The now crushing machinery is nearly come [listed. The No. 3 Tribute are down with their main shaft 280ft., and expect, when 20ft. further is Hundred, to be on the Fleece reef. Both the No. 2 and No. 1 Tributors are getting out good stone from the reef, which is expected, when they can get it crushed at the new machine of the company, to yield as high as the stone crushed by them lately. The No lTilbuto have up in the paddock about 60 tons and the No. 3 about 60 tons ready for crushing, which shows gold freely. There is no important alteration in the prospects of the Heales Company, who are still extending the drive in the old shaft, and sinking the new one, On the supposed continuation of the Fleece Uno, the Staff and Star Tribute expect to make early arrangements for a trial crushing of about 100 tons of stone from the ' reef they are now sinking, which shows well with gold. A remunerative yield in expected. A. good deal more attention is likely to be given to the mines of Golden square, which have been somewhat neglected for some time past. The previous unsettled state of things with the tributes of the Waterworks Company's ground and the company has at last boensatlaftctorlly arranged, by the company giving the different claim holder's sound and valid title to the ground. The Waterworks Company sold their right In the reserve at Golden square for £5 SOO to a company consisting of 26,000 shares, 4s 8d, being the prices fixed per share reserving to themselves the right to take up half the number of the shares, which they have since done ; all those offered to the public were placed at once. The new company's title Includes the claims of the South Frazer's, Frazer's, Progrostlvo and Agnes Companies, besides a good piece of ground through which number of established roof i are known to run. Those companies have to pay 15 per cent. for seven years, and looking at the nature of the ground it should make the nowcerapany a dividend-paying one before long. The Progressive, Frazer's, and South Frazer a will be enabled to sink on the good stone In the course of a very little time. The Caledonia Tribute Company have their new machinery nearly completed. They expect to be down on the payable stone, which they know they have under foot,' very soon after the resumption of work. The Great Extended Nelson Reef Company was formed a few months back to work a line of reef that has hitherto been almost overlooked It is a parallel line to the Hustler's and Garden Gully the reef is well defined, and can be traced on the surface for a considerable distance A shaft has lately been sunk to a depth of about 120ft, and the company are now cross-cutting for the reef which they to post to meet with at a very short distance from the present workings. Should it prove payable, it will be the means of forcing many other companies starting work, as already the ground has been taken up for a considerable distance north and south. The following is a list of the purchases reported by the banks : Bonall Company, 26oz. 16dwt. ; Kitto's Tribute, 16oz 4dwt. 12gr. J Myrtle Creek, 1200 rider. ; G.G. Free hold Tribute, 17oz.; Happy-go-Lucky, 65 z 15dwt. ; Prince AWredTributo, Golden-equwo,4loz 6dwt. 12grs Shenandoah Tribute, 433 14dwt. ; St. Michael's Mount Tribute Company, 6oz 12dwt. 12gr. ; BOBO of Denmark Company, 62oz. 17dwt. ; Now Obum of Victoria Tribute. 1,46001 10dwt. ; Victory, 270 oz 4dwt. 12gr. ; Young Chum, 15oz. 8dwt. ; Old Chum, 158 oz. 10dwt, 12gr. ; St Mungo Tribute 42oz. 4dwt. ; Unity Company, Garden Gully, 15oz. 2dwt, 12gr, ; North Johnson's Company, 6oz 12dwt.; Plgftftn Reef Company, 26oz. 10dwt 12gr. ; South-, young, Company, 6oz. 8dwt, 18gr. from 10 foMj . Franklin GorDan. SON Just. Golden Fleece Company, 474 oz (amalgam ; Telegraph Company, 14oz. 8dwt ; Extended yield" is, 248 ozs. The following dividends have been declared : -ShenandoahTríbulo. Is. per share, £1,200; Young Chum,. 6d. per share, £500 ; Ironbark, le. per share, £460; Garden Gully United, 6d per share, £660; extended Hustler's-, 5s, per share, £1,400 ; New Chum and Victoria Tribute, £5 per share. £4 000 ; New Chum and Victoria, 1s per time, £1,200; Kitto's Tribute, 2d. per share, £200, During a storm at Talbot on Tuesday, the Welsh and Wesleyan Chapels on Rocky Flat were blown down. There were some school- boys in the Welsh Chapel when the building gave way, but they heard the crash, and ran out just in time. A ghost story is told by the MeTeor Times, After disclaiming all belief in ghosts, the journal says-We give the remarkable story as nearly as possible in the words of our informant, who said that on the night of the 8th inst., at about 9 o'clock, as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, and when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel. Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arm right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, ' Dear me, what was that Mr. Bnyloyondeavourod to pull the horse up, but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the base at Winhaven. This is all we know of the South-end ghost." 