THE DEVIL IN BRISBANE.. The following amusing case was tried at the law sessions,. Brisbane : Desmond v Batty. This was an action for £15, for personal injuries. The. plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, labourer, re siding in Lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus per forming in Great George's street. The process stated--" The plaintiff olaims L15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through the carelessness, negligence, and misman ggement of the, defendant, he having in his circus in Great George street a certain animal called a camel, his property, which animal he, in the month of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly per mitted and suffered to escape and break from the said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the Lower Glasheen road, where the said camel dij?force its way into plaintifds henou, and theor injure, knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice he has been put to expenoe and loss of time." Mr Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr J. T. O'Con nell for the defendant. The plaintiff. on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at .he door of his house on the Lower Glasheen road, minding some pig's food. His wife was at work tithinthe house. He and his wife had been talk ing about ghosts and about the Idevil, d about half-past 6 o'clock. while they were s talking, a queer thing came up to the door. IIo eeched, for lie did not know what it was-he ught it was the devil-(laughter). It had a long ek, big legs, and a hump ever so big on its b c. He screamed, but he could not stir-- he was fright. cued. It put its long neck and its two fo paws in, and crushed him against the side of o door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of fe inside the threshold, and left the prints of it paws there. Mr Hayes-Why didn't it go in further P Desmnond-Oh. sir, the hump-(laught -the hump was so big he could not get in at tl door. (Renewed laughter.) I got such a fright was not able to eat as much for three days as In one day before. (Much laughter.) Mr IIayes-IIow did he get out ? Desmond-IIo backed out again the w he came in I could do nothing to him. I Cross examined by Mr O'Connell-What dl you think you had before you when you saw it ?r-ho devil. (Loud laughter.) I believe you ha been talking about the devil ?-Maybe I wor. (L gh ter.) But were you ?-I wor. (Much laugter.) What put the devil into your head, that you had been talking about him Q-Faith, I could no'tell you. But what sort of a thing was it ?--Ohi ir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing amidst roarm of laughter to a jury-box about 15 feet from him.) I[ad he anything but this neck ?-Faith, he had a hump on his back ever so big, and hl had long les. and oyes, and a big mouth. (aMoro Iauglltr.) Do yoe ecu any thing in Court that you could compate him to ? I don't then, I'm suro. When lie came in the door I would give all in thi world to get him out of my sight. (Great laughter.) Did you get up elf the chair ?-Indeed I didn't-a better man than me. couldn't do it. (Renewed laughter.) Did you at tempt to shove him out ?-I did not try to shore him out. I did nothing at all to him, for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith, !if you had bayo nets you could do nothing at all to. him. (Great laughter.) I was not able to go to work for four days after, for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughter.) Mrs Desmond, wife of the "plaintiff, said-My husband on the night in question was minding some pigs' food at the door, and I was at work in side. All at once I heard a bitter screech out of him. I looked down, and I saw the thing " a blow" me, with his nook stretched in as far as lie could stretch it. " Oh,"says I, " pray to Almighty God, for its nothing good. May thle Lord resave our soul," and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Roars of laughter.) Did you ever see the like of it be fore P-Oh no, sir. What happened then f-The' boys about the place took it away, Cross.examined by Mr O'Connell-What were you talking 'about when the animal came to the door ?-My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, I said the devil is there now, surely, (Shouts of laugh ter.). Mr Hayes-That is the defenceo at the other side,[ your Worship- that it was the devil was there, and not the camel. (Laughter.),: Mr Gregg-Did not [your husband say to you just before, the devil take you t Witness-He did, sir. Mr O'Connell-Is. he in the habit of talking about the devil ?-Well,' he was,.sir t he was too often in his mouth, as I often told him. (Laugh. tor.) Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appeauance to see 'after him under those circumstances ?-Wisba, I supnose it was, sir. He was after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laugh ter.) Has he been talking about the devil since ? He has not, sir. His Worship considered the plaintiff had received damages on the occasion, and gave decree for L3I. Q. Times 