THE CULTIVATOR. Tea Culture in Australia. No. 1. AMONGST tho Queensland contributions to our recent Agricultural Exhibition vas a fine specimen of the tea plant. Although to New South Wales no novelty, the exhibition of this plaut by her younger sister, in many ways, like tho olive discussed in a former number, full of interest calculated to arouse serious and useful reflections in tho minds of her sons. It afforded striking example ol' tho utility and advantage that may bc derived from exhibitions iu general, but moro par ticularly from exhibitions like the one alluded to, con nected with productions ' of the soil nuder tho honour able toil of the husbandman. By such means it is that objects of the highest importance to tho successful planting of a contented and prosperous nation, arr, chough often overlooked or forgotten, time after timo, presented to the notice of tho people, till at length thc value mid promise so long recognized is observed und discussed. Of such a character is thc tua plant, about which, aa a home-grown, common, garden produced necessary, comfort, and luxury, it is 11017 proposed to present to the readers of the 'AÏum and Country a few thoughts, ideas, and experiences which it is hoped may attract tho attention of some, and not altogether uselessly occupy the space devoted to che purpose. The stdio and modo of culture which the speciir.ru ¡alluded to displayed was in the highest degree credit able to Mr. Walter Hill, the energetic Director of the Queensland Botanical Gardens, as indeed were tho many other exhibits from the same quarter, and under thu same direction. Tho specimen displayed tho plant as it would appear when nuder proper cultivation for the purpose of affording leaves for the lea harvest. The habit of tho plant, when it is permitted to grow iu its uatural manner, as it i¿ always seen in the gardens and shrubberies in thc neighbourhood of Sydney, is a hard-wooded evergreen shrub, or, ¡13 it may, from its haviug but ono stem, bo more properly termed, siuail tree, attaining a height of from eight to twelve or fif teen feet m suitable situations. The plant grown by Mr. Hill was, by pruning, truiued so that it displayed numurou? shoots springing from old stctiui near thu sur face of the noil. Each stem wii3 occupied by numerous leaves, all of which hud passed tho stage suitable for gathering, but showing distinctly the habit Óf growt h desirable when cultivated for profit, and also suggesting the modo of harvesting tho leaves at an oarlier stage of development. On ,'ono or two previous and similar occasions the people of New South Wales have been indebted to tho same colony and director for bringing under their notico not only specimens of thc plant like the one just mentioned, but of thu prepared loaves also. Although tho genuine tea plant has bcou established iu this colony from a very carly period in its history, so long ago, at least as tho timo of Macquarie's Governor ship, aud has increased, thriven, and thrives as well as though it were indigenous ; yet it has never attracted amongst us, the attention it surely would have doue, had «ot tho oft complained of, still existing, darkened vision as to, or supreme contempt for, all but one hus bandoriai feature belonging to our much neglected aud Ciiluminated country, been unfortunately too true. Dur ing thirty or forty years past, passing notices, on isolated occasions, havo appeared in the Press., Occa sionally newspaper reports have recorded tho fact that some humble gardener or nurseryman had placed 11 plant of Thea Bohca, or 'Fliea Viridis, or some other Thea, amongst his collection of plants dubbed "com mercial" at some of tho horticultural exhibitions. Ou ono occasion at least, somewhere about a quarter of a century ago a pound or so of Sydney grown and Sydney prepared tea of a fair usable quality and marketable appearance, was exhibited at a horticultural fete, hold ' in the old market-place, George-street, under the aus pices of the " Australian Floral and Horticul tural Society," then tho most successful, and, at its demise, the longest-lived society of the kind that has either boforo or since existed in New South South Wales. As a matter cf course the tea was examined by the judges and an infusion tasted by_ them and by leading citizens, visitors to thc exhibition ; opiuious pronounced, prize awarded, duly reported in tho newspapers ; and carefully recorded and published in thc society's transactions. And that was all. The producer, tho society, and tho Press did their duty, nothing moro could bo expected from any of them. And so the tea plant retired into its former oblivion and occasional pnssing notico iu tho press. No moro Sydney made tea has been presented to tho notice of the public. Aud it is very probable that, 'until very recently, nob ono colonist amongst 11 thousand wero aware that the tea-plant has beeu long established or is in tho colony at all. Strangers or travellers have sometimes written to the newspapers declaring their belief that tho colonj' was suitable for tea culture, and urging the introduc tion of the plants for tho trial. G encrally these communi cations aro allowed to pass without notice, and when some obscure horticulturist-iu New South Wales all horti culturists are obscure- raises his voice or moistens his pen, in order to explain that tho plaut has bocu long ago introduced and acclimatised, he is uot heedod. *' It's not worth a secoud thought." Let the "Heathen Chinee" grow tea for us. Salt Bush for Australia is thc ouly bush wanted, tho only bush that will pay. Hurrah ! Hurrah ! for the Salt Bush !" Gently dear Cornstalk. " Hold on a bit." Answer a question or two from your brother, and consider. Pauso before you reply. What about tho catarrh ? cntosoj ? iluko ? pleuro ? foot ami mouth disease ? And what about tho probabilities of other new or unknown plagues or pcstileuccs, annihilating or decimating your great but unstable dépendance 'r1 Bo assured that neither nation uor individual eau bo safe when too much depending upon cue function, or a single resource, to thc utter neglect or even partial slight of all or many, of thc rest. Tho day will, must como when sooner or later this resource will fail, and most likely thc failure will come upon us with suddenness. If you neglect until then, as you aro now neglecting, your other abun dant resources, more natural, more stable, and to develope which is more honourable, sore but useless repentance will bo yours. Thcso rosources and the folly of neglecting them while yet there is time, woidd bo plainly visible if you would but condescend to brush away tho foggy spider-woven films of prejudice from your mcu tal vision. Then, and then only will you bc enabled to behold a beuificont provision of adaptable resources, an aspect of grandeur, of beauty aud strength ; a noble inheritance ; a laud of promise ; a laud of promiso beforo unimagined, undreamed of. Tlie iustabiHty of the foundations, without "retaining walls" upou which your present and past prosperity has been, and is, dependant, would be madeplaiu, the course which both duty and iutercst demands, plainer, and past bedimmed perception viewed with regret and wonder. Tho tea plant is a hardy, enduring, evergreen shrub, indigenous to China, Japan, ¡iud Thibet. Tho leaves nre laurel-like, and when fully developed aro from three to four inches in length, with a breadth of about ono inch. The flowers aro white, numerous, and iu shape RIK! size somewhat like tho flowers of a strawberry. It belongs to the natural order FernäiromiaccK, or threhdtes tifo ötttoo ttl wliibli bolong's tho well-knwn gorgeous varieties of Camelia Japónica. Different botanists have sought to establish several species of the genus Thea, such as Viridis, Bohca, Asammica. $c. These botanists, uo doubt, have beou influenced partly by the great difference iu the flavour aud qualities of thu product of the plant, and partly by an observable variation in tho appearance of tho plants themselves. lint it has been ascertained that tho difference in the first is more in consequence of harvesting tho leaves afc d'f-u-ent stages of growth, and tho different modes of " curing" and artificial flavoring than to anything else. And tho last cannot be wondered at when considered in view of the vast extent of country over which tho cul ture has been carried on for ages, and the groat diver sity of soil and climate to which that has exposed them. Under such circumstances no plant has eyer existed oi rán exist, without considerable variation from tho original species. The best authorities have now agreed that tlie observed differences iu tho plant arc attribut able to this cause, and the so-named species are to bo considered varieties only ; tho original species will henceforth be known as TJIKA CIII"NKNMI3, tho name originally bestowed upon it by thc immortal Linnams. The close relationship which the tea plant bears io tho genus Camellia has led some botanists to set it down as one, and in some works it will bo found under the title of Camelia Botica. It i.i also a pretty well autluuti eated fact that one or more of that genus are used lo a limited extent for tho purpose of adulterating lea, and one, Sasauqna, is said to afford a superior kind of toa, but is not extensively cultivated, probably because it is more delicate or less productive. _ The samo species, in two varieties, has, after a long trial, ia this colony, proved to be less robust, and moro suscep tible of injury from frost than tho tea-plant, or other species of its own genus. lt is to be found in most of our gardens where any pretensions aro entertained^ of keeping a collection of camellias. But if the situation be colil it requires some protection in winter or it will not thrive. There cannot, however, be any mistake about the identity of Thea Chinensis. Its specific dis traction from all its kindred is as apparent to thc super ficial as it is to tho profoundly scientific judgment. Nol is it less certain that it is the identical species which is now being so largely plautcd in that golden state. California, under liberal and ii-is« governmental stimuli. Tho resauiblaucc which that state, iu several of its physicial characteristics, boars to this colony, gives assurauce that the plant will suit that climate because it has been proved to suit this. The fact of tlio eutorprisa of tea-plantiug being undertaken ou a large scale iu a country ,whore it is unlikely a single plant of it had ever unfolded a hud, or formed a rootlet, a " cat's spaw" of years back, oughb to bo au eye-opening one, to another of somewhat similar condi tions as to soil and climate, and whero the plant had been known to thrive for half a ceutui-y, and tho home grown product publicly tasted aud tested more than a quarter of a century beforo, and not yet a ghost of a plantation either made or imagined. Is it so ? Yes. What's the reason ? Why, it must ; yes, it must be -cobwebs. And cobwebs of thc most adhesive kind they are. In tho Anglo-Indian Empire large sums have, during tho past twenty or twenty- fivo years, been expended with a view to tho establishment of tho tea industry. At the commencement; of these efforts much difficulty was experienced, both iu procuring thc plants and obtaining tho knowledge supposed to be necessary. But the British Indian Government were not to bo dis couraged. With wiso and praiseworthy liberality they spared no expense or exertion in pursuit of tho object which it steadfastly held in view, till at'length under the management of Fortune (an obscure horticulturist), undoubted success has attended tho project. On the slopes of tho great Himalayan mountains many millions of Thea Chinensis have been established in plantations ; and their produco is already beginning to mark a new era in Oriental commercial history, a grand amelioration in the condition of tho poor and down-trodden people, for whoso sake an enlightened and philanthropic Government has sought and succeeded in establishing so promising an iudustry. In China the great tea districts are situated between thc 24th and 31st degrees of north latitude, aud from tho seaboard on the east to a great distance inland. But the plant is found indigenous and cultivated over a far wider extent of country than is embraced by tho term " great tea districts." According to the testimony of various travellers it is cultivated, including, with China Japan, and other islands, a track extending over thirty degrees of both latitude and longitude, and according to Konipfer it appears to be cultivated, in tho island just named, as far north as latitude 45'. In the vast space included within the above ficruros, evory descriptiou of soil and climate aro to be found, and of course it is to bo supposed that somo parts of it are moro favourable to its culture than others, and that somo also aro quite unsuited to it. It is, however, undoubted that it is largely cultivated both in tropical or sub-tropical, aud in temperato climates. While some of these great districts are situated in a climate where frost is unknown, others aro situated iu elevated or mountainous regions wero tho temperature falls far below the freezing point, and snow covers tho ground for a certain period overy year. Fortune, the previously mentioned " obscuro horticulturist," with indomitable pluck aud perseverance, succeeded, after many escapes, iu travelling through many of the vast, varied, and m some instances remote tea districts of tho Chinese ouipire. His travels were undertaken with a view to discover thc nature and modes of toa culture, and all other useful particulars concerning it. Tho jealous policy and exclusiveness of the Government and peoplo, which causes thom to prevent foreigners from travel ling their country, and the still greater jealousy enter tained by them with regard to disclosiug secrets, or knowledge regarding any of their industries, of which tho tea industry is the chief and most religiously guarded, rendered tho enterprise a very dangerous ono. Discovery would have been death. Having acquired a knowledge of the language, and adopting numerous devices aud disguises to tho Chinese and Tartar, sometimes travelling as a nobleman, sometimes a servant, and experiencing inauy dangers, aud making many hairbreadth escapes, he travelled for several years, and gained the knowledgo ho sought-a knowledge which has resulted in the suc cessful establishment of tho industry in British India, as already stated. The great simplicity of the culture, and accommodating naturo of tho plant, points to somo degree of wisdom exercised hy the Chinóse iu trying to hielo the knowledgo from others, for they no doubt understand that when it should lie introduced into the countries of tho ''white or black denis" its great importance to them would ceaso. According to this traveller, tho choicest descriptions of tons aro tho produce of the moro elevated and interior parts of this extensive country, and tho most celebrated of those hill districts possess a climate so exactly suited to tho plaut that thc culture requires little attention. Neither manuring «or irrigation are there required. Thc shrubs cover the mountain sides and slopes, almost as though of spontaucoii3 growth. Tho reason for this is not so much owing to richness or peculiar adaptation of tho soil, although to some pxtent there can be no doubt that it must be, as to the certainty aud regularity of tho seasons. Tho snow falls and remains upon the ground, thus protecting the plants from thc injurious effects of frosh, during, and afc tho same period of each Winter. 9o certain is tho annual return of fchb^Winter snow, and thtí Spring rains, that they are looked upou as a certainty ; one year with another never varying moro than a day or two. Winter, Spring', Summer, and Autumn being uniformly attended with tho regular allowance of warmth and moisture peculiar, constant, aud proper to each. No horticul turist needs to bo told what such a peculiarity denotes. Seed time and harvest aro never interrupted either by delay or undue baste. Tho season of growth is passed on to the season of rest without check, intermittent stimulus, or uuseasouablo suspension, aud all tho ener gies of both the plant and tho husbandman have room for full development, the one to produce tho loaf, tlie other to gather and prepare it for use. This happy climate, however, Í3 confined to tho particular kind of country named, and only to some portions of that, aud compared with the whole space occupied by tea planta tions, occupier only a limited area. As the country passes from tue elevated regions, and becomes warmer ¡md less hilly, both manuring aud irrigation aro necessary to produce ju-if. ta hie results, and to this class by far the <¿re.,?.t>r portion of tho country beloii>.:s, aud thc pr.;-lace, on tho whole, is said to be IUIJ.M- uer acre, but varying in quality, aud producing li tile if any of those very choice and costly kinds which are said to bc carried by hand, a single small box per mau. to its destination or market, sometimes a distance of from 1000 i ti 1500 milos, during the whole of which journey the earlier is expected never to set the package on the ground, or anywhere, to rest himself, except in a house or shelter of some kind ; so exceedingly careful aro they to jiresoi-vo the aroma, or whatever it may bo, that is so much prized in this precious article. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 