A BRAVE BOY'S BATTLE. By Leon Lewis. Chapter XI. eddy hopeful and defiant. In a dim, dark, underground vault, beneath the basement of Heart's buIes, into which the free air of the sunlight never penetrated, lay Eddy ' Beneath him was the damp earth, around him were stone walls, dripping with moisture There were no windows, and but a single door That was bound with now and bared, bolted, and chained upon the outside, as if it were the door to a den. The boy's hands had beat upon those massive, iron bound planks at intervals, day after day and night after night, until his hands were battered, swollen and bleeding , but no one had heard or heeded the Bound. He had sustained by the hour for help until his own ears were deafened, and the frightened rats had hid themselves in their holes, but his voice had not penetrated beyond the walls The dungeon was literally a tomb. 1 once in twenty four hours, a little after mid night, Hogort had made a practice of visiting him, bringing him a meagre supply of food and water No one in the house save Bogart and is man Barker knew that he was there Had anything happened to them, composting sudden light, or had they been killed many of the nightly brawls in the saloons above, the boy must inevitably have starved to death He was lying prostrate upon the damp round, as we have said, without even a blanket between him and the bald, chilling earth, when he heard a faint, muffled sound as of footsteps at the lumber vault which guarded the op roach to his prison He did not raise his head, nor stir " It must be midnight," he murmured, and for art is coming with food This will make weary one times he has come with food I have been here twenty two days, twenty two days and units' They seem like twenty two years I iota bear it, if it wasn't for my awful anxiety bit mother and Tina '" f this moment the chains and bars and bolts setting his door upon its outer side wore an do, the door opened, and Hogart, bearing a life, entered the dungeon ellis and Burgoyne followed him be boy's eyes, so long used to the intense 1 in, were unable to bear the sudden influx fight He raised himself upon his elbow, scoring his eyes with his hands Come in, gentlemen," said Hogarth, with a hoarse laugh " The room isn't very inviting', but you won't mind that Where's the boy fo dark heap in the corner !" Burgoyne looked around the vault sharply There was no bed in it, no chair, not even a fine of straw to he on It would have compared favorably with a dungeon of the Inquisition While he was thus surveying the place, Volhs asked sharply at the boy " He isn't dead, is he he exclaimed " No, I see him move' Stir him up with your cane, sugar--" The sound of that hated voice was to Eddy Like a shock from an electrical battery He leaped to his feet, dashed his hands from his eyes and panting with a sudden breathlessness, he cried out So here ' Jacob Volhs here >" and with di- lating eyes, he strove to make out, in the unwanted glare, the figure of his enemy Burgoyne stood in the shadowy background, unnoticed as yet by Eddy Hogan was near the lad, a bnght)anteru uplifted in his hand Volhs stood in the foreground, his disguised face full of a sinister eagerness and exultation Despite his disguise of wig and board, despite his broad brimmed hat slouched far over his brows, Eddy knew him No disguise could now can coal from Eddy the identity of that short, squat figure which he had learned to know so well As Velha had had no dealings with him since his capture, and as he know well his yengo ful hatred, Eddy was now sure that he had come to make the threatened assault upon him " Throw the light on his face, Bogart," said Velhs " Let's see how he bears his imprisonment " Hogart held forward the lantern, permitting its broad rays to fall full upon the lad's face Burgoyne, standing in the shadows behind Velha, bent forward, peering at the boy with eager scrutiny Volhs scanned the boy's face and figure with a sinister delight, which soon became mixed with a keen sense of annoyance and disappointment. Eddy had changed in the three weeks during which he had been shut up in this damp, foul aired dungeon, during which he had seen no face save Hogart's, and had heard no voice save that of his gaoler , during which he had been meagrely fed, his young frame racked with rheumatic pains, his only thoughts those of the keenest anxiety and foreboding. He had suffered mentally and physically, he was thin and pale and worn , his cheeks were hollow , his damp garments hung loosely upon him and his long fair hair clung to his neck, and was almost dripping with moisture. But cold, nor dampncBB, nor meagre diet, nor anguish, nor trouble had broken the lad's spirit, as his enemies had expected. He tossed back his fair locks, from his broad white forehead, and looked at Velhs with his brave blue eyes set in a haughty, unflinching glance From the proud, pale, boyish face looked out the soul of a young here. They might torture him, they might kill him, but they could not cow that resolute young soul. And as Velhs realised this, a sudden rage convulsed him. He could have torn the noble young face, so calm and defiant, with his hands. He longed to assault the lad with the violence he had himself experienced upon two separate occasions But Burgoyne was his master, and has ordered that the boy should not be harmed for the present, and therefore revenge had to give place to greed. But in his soul, Velhs swore to be revenged upon the lad in the near future, when other matters should have so adjusted themselves as to render such a proceed- ing practicable. "You are looking at your work, Jacob VelliB," a old the boy, bitterly, as he looked down at his shrunken legs and stretched out his slender arms. " I suppose you have come to complete it You are here to kill me, or to torture me ? It is well, perhaps. Do your work quickly " " I would like to kill you," busied Volhs, all his hatred of the lad rising up with renewed strength within him. "I would like to flog you--" He took a step nearer the lad involuntarily, r curving his fingers nervously like claws. "Stop!" said Burgoyne, in a deep, quick voice, from the shadows near the door. " Iiay not a finger on the lad ' His future his life even-are in my hands." As Burgoyne's voice resounded through that dreary dungeon Eddy stood for an instant as if paralysed An utter amazement and more dusty seemed to possess him Then he put his hand to his forehead, saying brokenly "I thought I heard the voice of a man who is thousands of miles from here ' It is a strange delusion, but I thought I heard the voice of my mother's persecutor and my own worst enemy, Hurt Burgoyne " You did hear it, Eddy Burns," said Burgoyne, stopping forward into the light Eddy made an involuntary recoil, staring wildly at the smoothly shaven features, shadowed by the long and thick grey wig which Burgoyne had adopted As he met the full gaze of his enemy, he know him "Hart Burgoyne here?' breathed the boy, hollowly "Bete t ' "Yes, here ' said Burgoyne a slow, sinister smile wrcathiDgitoelfabouthis mouth "Here, in San Francisco in your room You look in credulous still Yet it is and not a ghost, as possibly you fancy " The truth forced itself upon Eddy The fears he had resolutely repressed for himself now broke forth afresh for another " My mother ' ' he whispered " My mother It she dead ?" Burgoyne hesitated He was tempted to tell the boy a ho to cause him further s uttering, but he reflected that the lad was to be used by him as a lever to bend the mother to his will, and he should have to tell Eddy the truth sooner or later So he chose to tell it now " No, 1 day," he replied, blandly " She is not dead " " Not dead ? Thank God the boy murmured upraising his blue ores in a fervent gratitude Not dead ' I thought she had died, perhaps, and you had fled But she is not dead ' You have come out here then to kill 1L.0* " You exaggerate your importance," said Burgoyne, cooly "Do you talk to me of killing anyone f choose your words more carefully, sir " " My mother is she at Dr Butler's asylum still ? ' breathed Eddy "No She set fire to the asylum and de stroyed the women's wing entirely In the tumult that followed she fled Sho robbed my desk of money, and set out for California She is at this moment in this city " The boy's amazement was stupendous he retreated to the wall, bracing himself against it His big blue eyes stared at Bur goyne, growing larger with every instant A glow suddenly diffused itself over the thin, wan features " My mother in this city? he Bald at last Ah, God is good ' She has escaped you, Hart Burgoyne Perhaps she has found my father? Perhaps they are looking for me?" "And perhaps they are not," said Buigojuc, with a sneer " My wife-you need not wince at that word-my wife is still under my protection She is in the house and under the care of of an able doctor, who thoroughly understands her case, and who undertakes to restore her to reason She has not seen a free minute upon Californian mail She is completely in my power, as you are " The glow faded from Eddy's face No moan or cry broke forth from his polo lips, but he set his features steady, and his blue, blazing eyes looked out from under his frowning brows an expression which stirred the heart of Burgoyne with a vague uneasiness Boy as Eddy was, there was a power in his stern gaze before which "Rllnaoyno it voluntary ily quitted " I understand," said liddy, calmly "You adhere to your plan of forcing my mother to live with you ' You intend perhaps to kill me-" " Not so, my lad I shall keep you shut up, and tell your mother that you are dying by inches in a dungeon She would be devoid of all motherly love if she could Buffer j on to perish when one word from her will save you ' Eddy comprehended the wicked plot His generous heart swelled with horror and indignation "Monster'" he breathed "I would not so cept a liberty bought with such a price ' My father lives Beware in the moment of your expected triumph, justice and fearful retribution may overtake you " His passionate voice, echoing through the gloomy vault, Bounded in the ears of his enemies like a prophecy " See here," said Hogart, uneasily " I am wilhngtodoanythingtoobhgoafriend, you know, Velhs, but there may be truth in what the boy says ' It's a long lane as has no turn ' And if retribution is a goin' to overtake you, I don't want to be mixed up in it I'm a done' a good fat business, and I can't risk too much You understand what I've kept the boy hero on condition that no murder was to be done in my house And the more I think about the way things are mixed, the more I'm sorry I took the lad in He's safe here-as safe as in a tomb, but if the police was to got their eyes fixed on me in connection with this game of yours, why, then, away goes my business Now, Mr Burgoyne, why don't you take matters in your own hands? You're rich Why don't you get a sheep or some other vobboI-tboro's plenty in the bay, their captains and crews being off to the diggings-put your wife and stepson aboard, take Velhs and a select few, and put for Ballyhttck, or Guinea ? Then you're safe, and we're safe " "There's something in that idea," said But goyne If Hogart's going to turn coward, there's lots of places to hide mother and son in without going to sea," muttered Volhs "I'm not turning coward," asserted Hogart, hotly "But I'm not going to ruin myself for nobody I'll be true and faithful to you, and will let the lad stay so long as no violence is done that can fetch me into trouble , but all the same, I'd rather you'd take him away " I'll think the matter over," Bald Burgoyne " I will try to remove him within a week Perhaps by that time his mother may choose to be the means of his release I'll talk the matter up with her to morrow Meanwhile, my friend, let him occupy your ' rooms ' You shall be well paid for all your trouble " "Hogart, mollified by this reply, smiled a grandsons to the proposition that Eddy should remain for a longer period in his custody He desired to make all he could out of his present little ,'specnlotion,"as he termed the nefarious business of imprisoning the lad in this foul dungeon, and he was willing to incur a risk when their was a prospect of great gains " He can stay," he said. " You've seen the boy, Mr Burgoyne "Have you anything further to say to him ?" " One word," said Burgoyne, " Eddy, would you not like to write a few lines to your mother telling her where you are ?" The boy flashed a defiant look at Burgoyne "You fear she won't believe you when you tell her I'm Shut up in a dungeon '" he asked, quickly. " No, sir I have no word to write to my mother, I cannot tell her how I am situated She has enough to bear already If I strove to comfort her, she would know that I am in your power I will write nothing to her " " He's wide awake," said Hogart, admir- ingly " soon as a steel trap," said Velhs, with a dark smile. Burgoyne's face flushed angrily " I can make you! mother believe me without any letter. If not, I may choose to render you insensible, and carry you into her presence," Burgoyne said, grimly. " You will got off your stilts before I'm through with you, young man I've long had an itching to humble you I'll try it you " " Try it," said Eddy, quietly, setting his teeth together in an expression of stern determination "You may find that you have no timid child to handle Since I left home, Hart Burgoyne, I have grown old beyond my years Enfeebled as I am by long confinement, I might develop a man's strength upon occasion. Even the deer will turn into a very tiger when brought to bay by its enemies " " We'll see," said Burgoyne, humbly. "I'll be here to see you again in a day or two. Till then you can think of your mother " He turned to depart. Velhs and Hogart followed him Eddy sprang after them with a bound, and caught Vcllts by the arm. The ex river thief turned upon him fiercely " Tell me, ' said Eddy, his stem, blazing eyes seeming to read the soul of his cowardly poise cutor, " what have you done with him Is she dead ?" " Don't you wish you know asked Velhs, delighting with all his narrow soul to deal tins stab to the heart riven boy. " I've disposed of her. " He, ha I She's where you will never see her again '" He burned out, with a last gloating look at the white, anguished face of the lad Hour followed him with the lantern The door was shut, locked and chained, and the three men returned by a private way up stairs, leaving Eddy to a renewed desolation and grief " Come in, and have a game ?" asked Bogart, as his guests arrived with him in a little dark passage, from which a door opened into the gambling room " No-thanks," said Burgoyne " Vcllis and I will go on We don't dare to risk any thing by showing ourselves We'll go into the bar room, and so out into the street " Then, mm in arm, they sauntered away from Hogan's together. Chapter XLII THE SEPARATED FRIENDS. While Velhs had been so far successful in his Schemes that he lauded Eddy and Tina in San Francisco as pi leonora, and had spirited them away before Gorso, Captain Hudson, or Mr. Burns could put the real state of the case before the officers of justice, fate, for a time, was kinder to Mrs Burns We have soon how she escaped from Burgoyne, and how that worthy had considered he could secure his victim safe again, even after her escape through the window But he was mistaken for once Mr Perry's action was prompt. Ho intuitively saw that the poor lady was in bad hands, and he set the throats of Burgoyne at defiance Before night he had the almost deranged lady safe on board the steamer Golden Gate, en route for San Francisco Burgoyne Mustered and threatened. Mr. Perry was quiet, and carried his point by the decision of the captain, that " as it was a foreign country it would be better for all parties to wait until they reached San Francisco, where Uncle Sam would soon set the matter right." He could not refuse Burgoyne a passage, however, so that worthy and his satellite again went to sea with their victim. They did more, they kept out of the way, and the poor harassed lady enjoyed the freedom of the deck, and almost came to the conclusion that her persecutor but determined to leave her unmolested for the future. That she was mistaken was soon made manifest ; but tearing her to brief enjoyment and security, we return to Gorae and his friends. As soon as his liberty was regained, the search of Gorse for Eddy was prosecuted un- remitting for days. The police bent their energies to the task. A watch was set upon the various places Vellis might be supposed to frequent. Detectives were actively employed, various houses and dens of drinking and gambling were searched. Persons whom the police officers thought answering the descriptions given were carefully watched in one or two cases arrested. But all in vain. Welles and the boy had disappeared as completely as if they were buried. In this new horror, even poor little Tina'B face was almost forgotten, OorBO grew thin and haggard. He haunted the streets day and night. He ate little- slept little.- Out of money and out at elbows, supported by the small loans Captain Hodson and Harris were able to furnish him, and which barely paid his board, unshaven and uncombed, lie wandered through the streets and haunted the shores of the bay more like some demented person than like a sane being. Captain Hodson and Harris determined to go to the diggings, but delayed their departure, assisting in the futile search. But as the days were on, and no trace was discovered, they came to the decision that Eddy was dead, his body sunk in the bay, and that ellis had fled to the mines. Their own funds were getting low, and it became necessary to do something to replenish their purses. Therefore, a fortnight after Eddy's disappearance they sought Gorse. It was about the middle of forenoon when they entered Gorse's room, but the Ohioan lay extended on the bed, fully dressed in an attitude of utter abandonment and exhaustion. He looked as if he had been crying. His eyes were swollen and bloodshot, and a red flush burned fiercely on his thin sallow cheeks. He did not arise at the entrance of his visitors, but looked up with a gaze that expressed to the full the anguish that was eating at his heart. " You look as if you'd got your death-blow," cried Captain Hodson, himself worn and haggard with grief and anxiety, and seeing for the first time plainly the changes sorrow had made in the appearance of Eddy's friend. " I feel as if I had," said Goree, wearily. " This isn't going to do," exclaimed Harris, and I his bluff red face having an unwonted pallor of late You're just killing yourself, Gorso. The captain and I have come round to make you a proposition ' "Well?" Harris hesitated, but the captain made him a gesture to continue "You see," said the mate, in some embarrass i, at, " we're short of money regular hard up, on foot All the crow went to the diggings two weeks ago the day aftoi-after-we will say we landed I understand,' said Goieo, in a low tone , " and the day after Eddy disappeared Go on !" " The captain s lived what money he had from the wreck of the Graham, and we've been living on it 810 he came to Musco the money's nearly gone, and there's a party going to the diggings today, and wo'y o consented to join them We want you to go with us-" I can't," groaned Gorae, his broad chest heaving " You can't understand how it is with me You mean well, I know, but you don't know what that boy was to me. We have suffered and enjoyed together, we have shared flight, we have fared poorly and been cured for sumptuously, we have known every shade of feeling, every emotion, and all these no shared together In our adventures by land and by sea, the boy has become as a part of myself He was oh, Goethe is the truest, the bravest, the most honest, truthful, noble soul I ever met He is nearer to me than a brother What is the mere accident of his to to the sympathy and love that bound us together ? He loved me, and I loved him I vowed to my self to take him in safety to his fiths and where is he?" His visitors made no answer " 1 think often,' continued Gorae brokenly, of his mother in her mad housecoat, thousands of miles to thoeastwiud, and I think how she will wait for her boy who will never come to her. She will never see again the bright young face she will never hear again the glad young voice, from the free, bounding stop. He will never bring her husband to open the doors of her prison " He buried his face in his pillow, and his form shook with a heavy tremor " Boys, don the Build the captain, going up to the bed, and taking the hand of the Ohioun " Don't go on so It n don't be ing him back-' Goiso lifted his head in a sudden revulsion of feeling. "He is not dead'" he cried "I say he is not He cannot be dead-so young, so long life, so brave I I will not believe it " The captain sighed, and retreated to a chair "They must time got some clue to the mystery by this time around those at the police office," muttered Gorso, half raising "I'll go round and see" Harris looked questioningly at his captain " Shall I tell him ?" he asked The captain nodded sorrowfully " We've just come from the police officer," said Hums " We saw the chief His dotes tires that have been out the last three days reported late last night-" " They have got news ? ' cried Gorso, his heavy countenance lightening They have found a ohio ? " No clue to the boy's life," said Harris " They have found that ellis. left the city on the very night of his arrival, and went into the interior, probably to the diggings They have found that he went alone He has not since returned, and they con- get no clue to his present whereabouts They do not believe that he will dare return to the city at present ' "He went alone" reported Gorso, with a shudder, in a low monotone, as if speaking to himself " Alone 1" " Alone, Gorae Beal the fact like a man The chief and the detectives think be he put the boy out of the way before he went The day was Sunday and it would have been easy to sink the lad The night wusdttrk.you know" Don't" said Goiso, putting up his hand in H gesture of pain " It seems as if I could see it all Don't picture it out so I cannot be lievo him dead-" ' Why hope against hope? ' demanded Hui ris "Why not face the worst? The chief and the detectives think that Veins has killed both Eddy and line, and fled to the diggings possibly fled the country They believe he'll never show himself in this city again They've bestowed a good deal of time and labor upon this affair without fee, and other business is now pressing, and this matter is so utterly hopeless and fruit less-in short, Gorso, They've given up the search for Vollia, recalled the detectives, and re- linquished the whole matter The chief says he has sent a history of the students to the head chief of police, and a description of Vellia And here, unless some accident should throw Veils in their way, the matter must rest " "They've never seen VolliB,' Bold Goiso " They might pass him in the street without knowing him, How can they be sure he is not in the city ?" "Because they've tracked him as far as the Stanislaus-because though they lost his trail up there near the diggings, they know, understanding the nature of rogues, that he won't venture back hero-and because they are satis- find that the boy is dead If he's killed Eddy and Tina, he'll keep clear of this city " " But has he killed them ?" asked Gorso breathing heavily " There's no question about it. He has said the captain " And, baring killed them, he's hid himself in the diggings Now, as we are out of money and must do something, and we're no resource but to go to the diggings, we could combine profit with justice-look for Volhs while we are gaining money. We want you to go with us The party we want to join starts at noon, less than two hours from now " " I shall not go I cannot," said Gorse " But you've no money You'll storys " "I'll die in the street, I'll turn day laborer before I'll leave this city with the fate of Eddy Burns an unsolved mystery I ' cried the Ohioan '* You two had better go on to the diggings You may happen to go to the same diggings to which Veins has fled As for me, I will stay where I lost the boy If I cannot find him, I may at least discover how he died " "He is certainly dead-" " If he's dead, I have a duty to perform," said Goree, solemnly " I told him I would see him safe through to his father When I know beyond all doubt that he's dead, I shall hunt up his father, tell him how the boy perished, and send him to the poor wife and mother languish ing in her prison. This is my duty, and I should know no peace if I failed to perform it There will be time enough for me," be added, " to seek for riches when I am sure beyond all doubt that Eddy no longer needs my help " r of I From this resolution no urging could sway Ichabod Gorso To all the loading and remonstrances of Captain Hodson and Harris, he was immovable They arose at last, said good-bye to him, and departed to join the party for the gold region After they had gone, Gorio put on his hat and went up to the police station The report of the captain and mate was confirmed. The fates of Eddy and Then were already consigned to oblivion, a terrible crime of more recent date demanding exercise of all their energies and ability A gentleman of wealth and stand ing had been assassinated in the streets of San Francisco at noonday, and the assassin was not known A large reward had been all rod for the discovery of the murderer, and the police were concentrating their efforts in the search for him in the general excitement and tumult consequent upon the terrible affair. Eddy and Tina were forgotten Gorso came out of the police office copy need that the search for the missing ones, or for the knowledge of the manner in which they had perished, now devolved upon him, and again he set to work with an energy knowing neither peace nor comfort He visited drinking saloons and gambling houses He disguised himself and play of the detective He dogged by serious rough looking men, but all in yum He found no trace of ellis, no clue to the future of Eddy Within three days of the departure of Captain Hudson end of Burns for the mines, jo I poverty stared Goiso in the face the bitter ree]f morseless poverty of utter destitution He had no money to pay board bills no money with which to prosecute his self imposed mission In this strain, he went down to the docks and ne mated for two days in unloading a vessel with goods via Cape Hor n, and the causes for such labor being high he had again some funds at his command But the week drew to a close, making three tremble weeks of horror and suspense since Eddy had been torn away from his friend by his enemies Upon the Monday morning following, Gorso, being again penniless, again found employment at the docks Moody, silent, and despairing, Ins hollow eyes burning fiercely, the mystery of Eddy's fate preying upon him like a living vapor, he worked with a restless orderly all the day, in- and when night had come, instead of returning to his lodging, he wandered up and down the shore A little after 7 o'clock a drilling mist set in, the wind blew cold as 1 chill, and the sky became sullen and overcast with dark clouds The docks were deserted, but Goiso, knowing no difference, or not caring for it, between pleasant weather and foul, continued his lonely walk The highly of (the shipping gleamed uncertainly through the mist and the light of ferry boats moved slowly in the distance through the gloom But presently people began to arrive upon the dock, despite the mist and the darkness " Sfonmor in!" was the cry Goiso heard on every side. A general excitement begun to prevail Lautoins reached, the dock lights gleamed, und a pleasant murmur, bu cb us used to greet a steamer from the East in those days, began to hum along the shores of the buy "What's the matter?" asked Goiso, of a man standing near him Steamers coming through the Golden Gate was the answer " It's the steamer Golden Gate Sho's oioiduo-bioko her engine and has come on under suit The California bioii(,lit the news these days ago She passed her under sail and signalled Yes 'The Golden OntobungB chu mails " " Oh, yes " said Goree, moMiigon "I hadn't heard of the accident Much obliged " and he resumed his weary walk, with folded arms and downcast face. The crippled steamer Golden Gate, with her freight of passengers, was indeed safely at port at last. Mrs. Burns and Mr. Perry, who now fully know how they were related, stood on the dock, searching with eager eyes the mist and the gloom for that shore upon which they hoped to find all that they hold dear. The mist and the gloom were emblematic of what awaited them. "How my heart thrills!" murmured Mrs. Burns. " I seem to be upon the brink of a great event. I am about to meet my husband and boy. What if they are standing upon the dock yonder, in hope of meeting some one they know ?" " And what if This is with them ?" said Mr. Perry, beginning to tremble. The steamer rounded into the boy, and slowly felt her way up to the deck, under the influence of the favorable wind. Gorso stood Bull in the gathering throng, and watched the tide of passengers as they swept ashore. Among the first to land were two men, who sped off as though they know the ground. After the bustle had ceased came Mrs. Burns and Mr. Perry, both eager and expectant, both vaguely hoping that they might see the loved faces in waiting for them, although they know how utterly impossible it was that they could be expected. As Mr. Perry gave Mrs. Burns his arm to lead her down the gangway plank to the dock, a hackney carriage drove up, and came to a halt. Two men, cabmen to all appearance, were on the box. One leaped lightly down, and opened the carriage door ; the other grasped his lines firmly, holding (his whip in hand in readiness for a start. Two other carriages followed, taking their places beside the first. Mr. Perry conducted Mrs. Burns to the first carriage, and hurried her into it. " I'll get our small amount of luggage," he said. "I left it on the deck, in my haste to get ashore. We will go to the boat hotel, my good man. But wait for me. I'll not be gone an in Start." He rushed back to the steamer's dock. Mrs. Burns put her head out of the open door, and looked after him. As she did so, the full rays of the carriage lamp illumined her fair and noble face, and Gorae started, reminded by it of Eddy's. The man who held open the door also studied the face closely, and his eyes lighted up with a sudden glow. With a' quick, dexterous spring, he leaped into the carriage, and shut the door with a clang. The driver whipped his horses, and the vehicle bowled away from the dock. Gorso made an instinctive bound toward the carriage, but the crowd, unconscious that anything unusual was transpiring, closed between him and it, and the vehicle rolled away into the gloom and darkness, disappearing from view. of By OSTIIUm. He that has no friend and no enemy is one of the vulgar, and without talents, power, or energy. 