HAS A CATHOLIC , ANY REASON, OTHER THAT{ THE MERE ACCI- DENT OF BIRTH, FOR BELIEV- ING IN THE CATHOLIC CHURCH ? FATHER O'M ALLEY'S SERMON. ( Continued.)_ PART 1.—EVIDENCE AFFORDED BV PRACTICE OF RELIGION. You will grant me, I suppose, that if Our Saviour had remained on earth, teaching His Religion, "freedom of'judgment" would have been an absurdity ? The mere idea of even the cleverest of men discussing or questioning anything He taught, is monstrous. I suppose you will further allow, that if He commissioned others to teach His doctrine, and at the same time gave a guarantee that they; should teach nothing else, such freedom would be equally inadmissible ? Now, this is precisely what He has done., ''As the Father sent Ilim, so does He send, His Apostles " (John xx. 21) " to teach alt' nations . . . to observe all things whatsoever He has commanded" (Matt, xxviii. 19, 20). Here i3 evidently the commission, and the guarantee is as evidently contained in the assurance that " He ivill be with them all days even to thcconsummatumof the world " (Matt, xxviii. 20), and in the promise " to send them the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, to teach them alt things, and to abide with them for ever" (John xiv. 16, 17). Moreover, on three distinct occasions—when sending His twelve Apostles on a, mission (Matt. x. 40), when sending His seventy-two Disciples (Luke x. 16), audat the Last Supper (John xiii. 20)—He declares how He wishes His envoys to be received. "He that heareth you, hearetli Me: and He that despiseth you despiseth Me. And he that despiseth Me despiseth Him that sent Me." I appreciate, my dearly beloved Protestant brethren, the difficulty you -must have in reading these texts as I do. But reflect an instant, that, hut for the mere accident of birthj you would certainly understand them as every Catholic does. Recall to mind the many strong reasons you have for doubting if your religion be true; and laying aside all preconceived notions, all previous interpretations, consider yourself as an impartial witness, called in to decide between Catholic and Protestant, as to the obvious meaning of these texts. The Catholic believes that there is here a. promise that the " Spirit of Truth will teach all things, and. remain for ever," to prevent error from creeping in ; that the Spirit of Truth has kept this promise and must ever keep it; -that, consequently, no.error ever has or ever will creep in ; that as to question the words of Christ would' be to "despise Him," so to question the authority of His unerring Church is to "despise Him," and, consequently,'that we are not." f ree " to do BO. ;,; If-this be not the true meaning of these words, it is at least a very natural, simple, truth-like meaning. Compare with it the Protestant one. • These words do not mean that the Spirit of. Truth will prevent error j and there is "freedom" to.question what is taught, and to " refuse "to hear what does not meet approval. I '.':"• . How like the Protestant interpretation of the words used in the institution of the Blessed Eucharist! The Scripture — even according' to the' "authorised 1 version" says:—" This IS My'Body which is given for you " (a); but the majority of Protestjipts :read :—".This is NOT My Body " (6). 'Considering, yourself, still, as an impartial judge between Protestantism' and Catholicity, Weigh well the meaning, of Christ's 1 foretelling, and- denouncing the false^Qh^t 8 18) V his reminding them that fitluy^iave the mciim .from,ike Ji<Ay i&wsm;&i; Jitmo oil things" (20) ; his order,th^t; J'whatthcy have. HEARD from thejbeqiiinirigis to j&ipfiintliem;" (24)-;' his "' writing'them'iltoifyiiiigi! tokcern-' Heaven, and KOT here." ing those that SEDUCE them " (26) : his relating that the "unction which they tuivc recent from Chd is to ABIDE in ihern;"' suronce that " they have no need that . n7* man(c) should TEACH THEM " ; his reitehit! ing a third and a fourth time that they " to ABIDE in this unction which hath taimhi m them all thims" (27). , The Catholic reads in the Apostle's aisu. ranee that they " know all things," the fni. filment of the promise that the Holy Ghost should "teach all things." He further ' understands that they know all things " because they have •" heard" i them, that is they have' been " taught" them by the Apostles, in virtue of their mission to<« teach all nations." • He thinks that those who- "seduce" the faithful, ate those who permit themselves the "freedom" of questioning what they " have heard from the beginning " and he does not see how the faithful are to • "abide in these things," if they are "free" to abandon them. , The Protestant does not see anything i n, all this against the-freedom of private judjr. ment; yet. if I am free, I am free to err, and if I am free to teach error, I am free to seduce. St. Paul had expressed himself still more energetically about twenty-three years after our Saviour's Ascension :— There are. some that trouble you, and would' pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we or an angel from heaven preach a gospel to you beside that which we have PREACHED to you let him be Anathema. ' And he repeats :— As we said before so now I say again, if any om preach to you a gospel besides that which you have RECEIVED, let him be Anathema (GaL i. 7, 8, 9 ) And so the grand accusation that the Catholic Church will tolerate no change whatever seems to be pretty clearly brought home to Her: yet I will now adduce arguments which will place this immobility in even a stronger light. Christ had foretold the false christs. They commenced to appear before the Apostles had vanished from the scene of their labours, and from Cerinthus, in the days of St. John, to Fisher in our own days, and almost in our own city, there never have been wanting men who claimed the right of private judgment. Christ had emphatically condemned such " freedom ;" the Apostles condemned it no less strongly. We need not, then, be surprised that their successors, educated in this school of "intolerance," should oppose innovation as resolutely. There is a most important fact,'which must not be overlooked. The Apostles did not all die on the one day, nor were they on the one day succeeded by a set of men untrained, and entirely new to the work. As they gradually died out, they were gradually succeeded by meu whom they had known and trained for years, and who were selected from amongst many, as being, by their piety and steadfast faith, capable of handing down, unchanged, the doctrine of Christ; and these in their turn selected others with the same care. , . Change under such a system, change in so vital a matter as religion, change in the beliefs which they solemnly professed every day, change in spite of the denunciations against freedom to change," was unlikely; change in spite of the promised assistance o£ Christ and the Holy Ghost was impossible ; yet such were the precautions against change, that even if no such assistance were given, change would be, even humanly speaking, inconceivable. The grand principle was, that "the Faith was to be retained as handed down ; that all innovation was subversive of Faith, and fatal to salvation." This principle was expressed in various quaint formulas, of which the following are the most remarkable :— " That is true, which is first; that is first, which is from the beginning; that is from the beginning, which is from tlie Apostles." (d) " Let novelty cease to assail antiquity.'' (e) " Let nothing be permitted to novelty, because it is not right to add anything to antiquity." (/) "Let nothing be altered except what has been handed down." (g) But the successors of the Apostles werenot satisfied with denouncing innovation; they exercised the greatest vigilance, lest any one who did not hold the " old Faith" should creep in amongst them, and the new Bishop (especially if elected to one of the more important sees) had on his election to send to his colleagues, and above all to the Roman Pontiff, a written declaration of his Faith. (A) And if, in spite of all their vigilance, any one succeeded in intruding with a " new Faith," or, unhappily, lost the "old one," or if in any other way novelties began to spring up, it was the duty of whatever Bishop might discover the fact to admonish the others, and especially the Sovereign Pontiff, that all might unite together in condemnation of the novelty, (i) Could the uncompromising " intolerance of novelty" go farther ? • But this uncompromising ".intolerance of novelty" appears in an even stronger (c)'In Latin aliquis; anyone. This passage is sometimes cited, by Protestants to, prove that obedience is hot due /to the Catholic, Church. . Her teaching, is but the teaching of 'f men," and ' the faithful'do not need that any " man " should teach them. Any man means here, any one." Besides, the Apostles were told tojteach,"though they were men, and every Protestant Bishop and minister teaches; anM -where^oitHing is taught, ; nothing:cau be l«arn6d.' , .. . m. TtertuMnja HUMT. C. S. , jjWjf*lesUu. ,PontUesc. ep. 21 ad jBpls.. Gallfll, .'•£! Xyatas Ui.,Ponttfex ep.e. No. f. ad Joanl Ai)tlpoUen. «d. Conatant, p. mi ' * (0) Bteph. Pontlfrx Cypr. ep. JJ ' W Cone. yi. Hard. i«. 1 p. i 2s 9 • • (1) Hard. X. 11. p. 699. •t be BOMible, in following dogma thatthe " r t l t T r S from the Father' and Holy GHost P r °° e | ettiei i t has even been denied thattue «- ^ uently inC0Qdemnew formulas, Sffi^fctoaviL ToM.there- ^fbthe craod, an declaration* ^Catholic Faith, tonohing theprocession of £ HolyVhost, would eeem. to'be inatriot ac- SrdWiwith this practice yet, whw,. in ' fflomofthe Franks, such ^declaration /2ted—when the two word? which the ^LfrSatsin the "Credo"-Filbquewere added, ahd when Charlemagne sent to iZlll,to obtain his sanction for the addition, xC Pontiff, while expressing his approbation of the king's zeal, refused his sanction and apiiiallvto the intense astonishment of the roval legates, requested that the custom of S g these two words should be gradually ^continued. As he gave them, at the came time a profusion of faith containing t^se very two words, the legates naturally. Liked an explanation of this apparent moon, suteaoy. He replied, by appealing to a decree of the ancient councils, forbidding the insertion of anything in the Creed, save by an authority equal to that lohich.had compiled the Creed. The wisdom of such a proceeding is obvious. If ever a new formula be really necessary, it will be composed by the Church after solemn deliberation, .and in the meanwhile, the people are saved from the indiscreet zeal, or evil designs of private individuals. (7V> be concluded in our i . next). 