A WHISPER TO GENTLEMEN. Jupiter Ammon ! Don't I wish I was a man ? just to show the masculines how to play their part in the world a little better ! In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that as got as far as A B C in the art of making love ! (and I've seen a few aberations in that way | myself, as well as the rest of the sisters. What j woman want* to be told that, 'her feet and i eyes are pn?r?y%'' or ' her form and smile be witching »' Just as if she didn't know all her fine point* a* s-'oo as she is tall enough to neen into a looking t'lasg. j No, you ineffable donkey, if you must use the ; small coin o» tltttery to pay toll at the bridge of i her affections, let me whisper a secret in your | lorg ear-, Comijhmenfc her upon some mental attraction she does nut possess (if you can find one !) and don't wear the knees of your best pants thread bare at her feet, trying to make her believe she is your 'firstlove.' We all know that is among the things that were, after you ire out of jackets and trousera. - What a splendiferous husband I (Fanny) should make to be 8ure, had providence so ordained it. Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious hoys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe strings, I'd scowl at her like a hyena, and pull my portmonnie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth? Do you suppose, when pier blue eyes grew lustrous and the rose ' paled on her fair cheek trotting round the domestic treadmill day after day, that I'd come home at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her face till her eyes were as red as rabits ? or take myself down off to a club or game of ninepins, or any other game, and leave her to the exhilarating relaxation of darn ing my stockings ? Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in the j street, arid leave her to keep with me or not, i as her strength would permit 1 Do you suppose I'd fly in a passion and utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her a healing plaster in the shape of a new bonnet ? And don't you suppose, when the anniversary of our wedding-day came round, I'd write a dainty little note, and leave it on her toilet table to let her know I was atill a married lover. Pshaw ! I am sick of you all ! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high-souled woman. If you want a housekeeper hire one, and be done with it. IE you want a wife ? but you don't. One woman will answer just as well as another to sew on your buttons, and straps, and strings, and make your puddings and so forth. Do you suppose we have cultivated our minds and improved the bright and glorious gift of in tellect to the best of our capacity, to minister only to poor physical wants ? Not a bit of it ! When that's over we want something rational. Do you ever think of that, you selfish wretch ? when yoH stretch your legs right across the fire place reading the newspaper all to yourself ? or sit from tea time till ten o'clock, staring the ashes of the grate out of countenance ? Lord Harry ! If I had such a block of a hus band, I'd scare up the ghost of a lover some where, if there's any wit in woman 1 FAKmr PlRK, 