0HARLES LEVER. Tun lost monthly'mail from England brought ' ^intelligence of the decease of ., Mv. Charlea " James Lever, the novelist, and some.notice of tho lifo of tho accomplished writer who has contributed so much to the entertainment of the'public, will doubtless he regarded with interest at tho present time. :' -V , Charles James Lever was bom in Dublin, in thé year 180». His father was an architect.. Ho himself having in his early days manifested an .inclination _ and a capacity for scientific pursuits, was induced to choose thc Medical profession; and after leaving school., entered Trinity College^ Cambridge, with a view to qualify himself for that callfcig. After taking his degree ut Cambridge, he wont to tlië Con- tinent and studiedmecUoino in tho University of Gottingen. There , also he succeeded in obtaining a degree in medicino. Shortly after the completion of his studies, when the cholera broke out in Ireland, he obtained an appoint mont'under the Government as Medic.J Super- intendent of à large and populous district inclu- ding the city of juouùuuderry, and the towns of Newton, Limavady, and Coleraine. His energy vigilance, and skill, commended him to the high opinion of tho authorities; and after the ' cholera had passed away he waa appointed physician to tho: LVifcish Legation- at, Brussels; .' - "Whilst enjoying the abundant leisure which this position secured to him, bo turned his recollections of Ir: jh life to ' account by writing his first tale-" Harry Lorrcquer." He had observed his countrymen: during a period of unusual alarm and distress, amidst which the irrepressible humour, . the lively affections, aud tue laughable weale uesses bf Irish character were the more remarkable. Ho has riot spared them. In his earlier tales, one may traoe tho influence of the painfully exceptional circumstances of his sojourn in the ?district of Londonderry. Irish eccentricities are exaggerated to suit the purposes of a comic ^writer. In his late productions ho has done more ample justice to those qualities of the Irish soul that lie beneath the surface. Tho success of " Harry Lorrequcr'' encouraged him to continue. his literary labours in the same direction. His next tale was .' Charles O'Molloyj" then at. no long interv.dj followed " Jack Hinton," " Our Mess," " The O'Donog hue," " St. Patrick's Eve," " Roland Cashel," "Tho Knight of « i wynne," "The Daltons," J'The Dodd Family Abroad," and "Arthur O'Leary." He also pubUshod anonymously " Tho Diary of Hornee Templeton," " Con Oregan tho Irish'Gil Blas," " One of them," "Barrington,"-" Luttrell of Arran," "A Day's Bide," and " Sir Brooke "Fosbroko." At a later period he publish;:! "Irish Military Life," whioh -was illustrated by Mr. Hablot Browne. .'.-^In.the year 1842 Lever entered upon a now kind of undertaking, tho editorship of the Dublin University. Magazine. This~work ho carried on for four jews.'-. And tho record of ,his "views in that periodical on public questions of historical interest enables us to exhibit the political views; of the novelist, of--whoso ''in- centive genius .bur; readers have already had ample illustration. As editor of; tho. "Dublin ^University -Magazine he ably- supported-Con- servative views bn the eventful course, of Irish ^ffiiirs. The chief efFoi'ts of thc ^Conservative jPartywore in those days directed against, O'Connell, and tho Whigs, who, notwith- standing a few outbursts of tho great orator's passionate denunciation against them, Were linked ? with O'Connell by mutual with O'Connell or his allies, Lord John Rus- sell and other leading Whigs. Ho blamed Sir -Robort Peel for being too patient with the agitator. When at last Sir Robert Peel inter- posed-tho authority of tho Government to put a stop to tho Repeal ? demonstrations, the illagmin».ap¿A.MVIC-I 'huii for his decision, and, -sai^castically praised the now-born moderation .of O'Connell. ; .' To om' minds," wrote Lever,1 Mr. O'Connell never in his whole life acted with moro consummate prudence and dex- terity than ho is acting at present. What is his case?' Ho had by a series of energetic . démonstrations worked an excitable people up', to fcb.6 Very point of iüsUri'éótíóü. Whether . ne commenced with any decided determination: -to oarry matters so very far, it is beside our 'present object to pronounce. But undoubt ledlif a spirit had T)ecn'generated which was rapidly obtaining the mastery over the popular mind, and which, when the proclamation for preventing the Clontarf meeting was issued, was all but uncontrollable. Against that spirit evoked by himself ho lind to struggle ; and he has as yet been able to remand it to the place from whence it came. He now found that ho had calculated erroneously on tho passiveness of Government, and, upon tho effect of the bullying system upon Sir Robert Peel. The minister, though quiet, was not unwary ; and whilst to most mon he appeared criminally indiffèrent to the action of tho seditious classes . which were rending the empire asunder, he was only bicUng his timo, with a predetermination to como swoop upon the agitator, when that per- sonage had clearly passed all limits of consti- tutional forbearance, and when- tho real char apter and objects of tho agitation wero so manifest that a man who ran might read them. Well, the proper time nt length arrived; the blow was struck; repeal agitation was sud- denly brought to a dead lock ; and the incen- diary found that ho must either retreat from his formur position or advance upon hostile bayoneta. Can it bo doubted that_ ho wisely '.resolved to adopt thc less heroic alterna . tive P .... Tho true play of tho great dissembler now was, to assume tho char- acter of tho moderate man, to ap ; pear under tho guiBO of an apostle of poace: to doprcoato nil violence, and wrath and evil \- speaking against tho Government ; and to pre \- sent, as tar as it was possible so to do, an aspect of meek and injured innocence to the nation at largo, which might begot _ further sympathy, instead of blundering ferocity which would only provoke indifnation." While taking up decidedly tho Tory viow of Irish affairs, and thus making himself obnoxi- ous to a largo proportion of his fellow-country . men, Lever showed himself a fair and merciful opponent. Ho did not disparage thc grandeur ox tho Repeal movement, The following do BOription might oven be reud with pride and "gratification by Repealers ; and to all parties "IIB now a record of historic interest :-" Wher J, over,' for months. Mr. O'Connell moved, the .spring tide of population flowed and ebbed with all tho regularity of gravitation. .lb was not a movement of the 'surface, stormy and therefore transitory; 'but tho stirring of tho depths, the very quietness of which indicated th« pervading law,-a law that neutralized in mobs their instinct of riot, and in crowds their impulse ,of disturbance.The drilled and bannered masses,-whioh moved with less than regimental regularity, but with moro than ; military subjection, with loss than the niechan .' ism, but moro than the unity of an army, ^woro incapable of committing breaches of the i peace; tho display of personal hatred was inoompatiblo with tho spirit of combination. . Tho soldier of repeal dared not to fall out of , rank ; to oommit an assault or com , monee an affray ; a warden with : his wand 'i' waa there , to : stifle the solitary emotions of ?transitory anger, or tho Bottled purpose of i faotíous revengo." ' One' more oxtraot on Irish politics will show that tho Conservative opponont of O'Connell was not without humane con- sideration for tho sufferings of his countrymenV<-.v In April, 1844, be wrote in ( favour of génoroüs dealings towards tho Irish ' peoplo. The patronising generosity bf the Tory ^party' might well seem .more offensive to Irishmen than tho measured" concessions in the direction of equal rights recommended-by English Whigs and Radicals. And since the liberal policy of tho Gladstone Administration has become a fact in tho Mstoi-y; of Ireland, both the Tory compassion and the Whig con- cessions of thirty years ago hear quite an anti- quated aspect. But the'sentiments expressed by Lcv-r in 1844" must be judgcul by the standard of tho time. ' . By . " we" of course he means tho Conservative party, then headed by one of the greatest and best statesmen that, ever led a party in England, Sir Robert Peel. : " Our course" ho1 thou wrote, "is an easy one, arid compromises nothing. You have been advised . to buy the priests ; we say-buy tho people; the price will not be one-twentieth of the amount ; and the bargain will be au honest oue on both sides. There is hunger to be'fed, and nakedness to be clothed';--try to disabuse' the sufferer of the impression that these things' can only be done by pulling down tho church) or dismembering the Empire. You have want on every side. ' Endeavour to show its victims that a Registration Bill, or a Poor Law, pr an Apjiropriation Clause cannot, ho its remedy. Open the poor man s oyes to the fact that his poverty is tho stock-in-trade of selfish politi- cians, and that _ hÍ8 misery is the standing grievance on which Whiggery and Radicalism assert their claim to power. In any case, you have tried, many remedies to relieve tho woes of Jrelaud ; this at least you have not experi- mented.^ If you succeed the victory is a great one. The restoration of the socjál state of the island to a condition of health is a subject pregnant with hope. Every Irishman must conceive tho strongest expectations of national', greatness from such a consummation." . ' ; If the readers of "Harry Lorrequer," "Jack Hinton," and the "Kearneys of Kilgobbin" faili to recognise the author who has. entertained' them with an endless variety of pictures from! Iriah life, in the Conservativei'politician of the' Dublin University Magazine, they will soon find' that the philosopher of that Journal is iden- tical with thechdrmiug novelist. As a philo-' sopher- of his own school-he writes of " the Nightmare." Ho protests against the modern' Sadducean belief, that all visions of nightmare are traceable to internal physical disorder. " There is nothing elevated," he says, " about indigestion : it is neither . saintly, nor . in its I unsointlincss is it sublime. In general it comes from eating too muck, -which is not a proceed-, iug of seraphic tendency, nor the first step to a movement heavenwards. And these' affections of tho epigastric regions are, i ordinarily the produce "'-of indigestion;: I wherefore- the - sleep-waking", ; state ¡into': j which they cast xis- namely, that sleep of the outward and waking of the inward man, reveals to the eye of the; sleepèr a base neighbourhood. : The nightmare:-does not come up into our« sphere ; but we spiritually descend into his.* Ho is there already, while we are gorging^ our-; selves ; but we are not aware of him, until the' outward senses aro sealed in torpor, and the inward world, opens , ii: its; dim horror on the troubled eye of'the soul." ¿Then after narra- ting, without a sign of doubt,'thc account of some German who had a wooden peg driven -by an invisible hand through his foot, fasten-; iug him to the floor, the author reasons thus! upon the "faots."] ""Was that imagination? The pow«vr .of thought might have produced; the hole in 'tlie man's foot ; but where,' did tho wooden peg come from P . .. .. . ; .' After all, is it not a frightful thought, that. our own soul can people its environments with goblins and demon's, than that some such come near it from a sphere of their own ? "Were it not better for mo to be able to say, when moping and mewing fiends or gibbering phantoms surround mo-' these subsist apart from me-they have no part in me, nor I in them ;'than, to bo obliged to think, 'These aro tho projected aspects of my own spirit, multiplied reflections-of my inner self; they are creations of a power within me over which I have no control ; yea, I myself am tho abyss out of which .they ascend, and which may, yet pom" them forth, myriads upon myriads, over ghastlier, ever loathlier.' Hea-. vena! are we Btriotly speaking nothing more than portals, spiracles of the infernal pit Pr Have wo within us the true » Devil's ladder,": tho well staircase winding down into bottom-; less gulfs, and tho blackness of darkness, by; which all shapes of night, of hellish spectres, of monstrous and malignant things, come and go between their world and ours ? If we will not be afraid of ghosts, have we to not be afraid of ourselves P To this has the "March of Intellect brought us P to come back with this message to us wont tho Schoolmaster abroad ? Then let such March of Intellect, say we, end in a Russian retreat; and as for such a School-, master,-tho reader and I will bar him out 1" Thc talents and services of the editor of the' Dublin University Magazine did ' not pass without recognition by the Conservative party.' After 1845 he went to live at a castle in tho' Tyrol, and: then spent some years in Florence/ And having thus added to his other attain- ments thc qualifications which residence among tho Italians enabled him to, cultivate, ho was appointed by Earl Derby the Conservative Premier, in 1858, to tho post of Yice-Consul at Spezzia ; and "in 1867 he was transferred from that position to a more important ono: at Trieste. 