A Visit to the Republican Head quarters—the Hole-in- the- Wall. The meetings of' the London Republican have been viBited by the correspondent of u morning journal, and he thus accurately de scribes, in amusing terms,' the scenes be wit nessed. He says that he went with a corres pondent of an American journal to ' inter view' Engliih Republicanism at its headquar ters, the Hole-in-the-Wall. A public meeting had been called to consider Sir Charles Dilke's Newcastle speech, and many eminent preach. era ot the new political gospel were expected to'attend, bo that, to nse one of my friend's phrases, it was tolerably clear the ' pow-wow' would be one of no ordinary interest. So it turned out. As a wigwam the Holerinthe Wall can scarcely be considered a success. It is a dingy, saw-dusty, dimly-lit tavern, which the unlearned might easily mistake for a beer- r shop, and wonder how the deuce the blinds ;-, became so faded even in that. We passed the r'! bar, where some of the orators of the evening ft were busy taking ' nips,' and were directed ^ upstairs to the 'fust door' as 'we come to,' ^i , which having reached, we entered the room. Kfe- I had never been to1 a Republican 'pow-wow' I in England before, but I knew my men, and I ~%t take this opportunity of saying that better ^ fellows never played either at Republicanism, ^ s skittles, or any other game ; ao I was some- %?! what prepared for the scene which opened upon II ' ns. I was, however, uncharitable enough to ||_ enjoy tbe twitch which came over the features I' { of my -companion, who, unlike most American I * correspondents of my acquaintance, is a down- E right, earnest, divine right Republican. Poor ff man, I knew what his eye whs resting on ? I that fuuny little plaster of Paris image of f Garibaldi, which had been decorated with a f1;. sash of red riband by one artist, and a cleverly executed black eye by another, possibly a rival, was too marked a feature to escape oh sei vation at a meeting called to protest against the gewgaws and fripperies of ' that system of government called Monarchy.' The room was tolerably full of men and women, and in tolerably of a white, choking mist, for, as if to hurl defiauce at the memory of the late Royal author of the 'Counterblast,' the Re publicans present seemed to puff tobacco smoke more persistently than they did Sir Charles Dilke. Beer was on the tables and the waiter in the room. The chairman, hor rible to relate, But under a canopy of state and upon a throne, and as we entered was despotically ruling a poor speaker out of order for merely having declared, with »bme empha sis, that the Prince of Wales was a 'thief, a blackguard, and 'wuss.' The ' wuss' was thu straw which broke the less advanced camels' backs, so a gentleman rose to order, with the result that freedom of npeech was curtailed in the manner stated. The people present were neither more nor less than ave rage English working folk. Their faces had the usual clean; slate-like want of expression so characteristic of our race ; tlie repose of feature which is the infallible sign of energy held in reserve, instead of being allowed to waste itself on the perpetual figuring of sums, merely to wipe them out again and begin all over afresh. So anti-conspirator like were these men and women that it is doubtful whether the whole sixty or seventy present could have raised a really evil wish between them for any government on earth. At home I was one of the ' roughs,' who, believing vucuiaunca B.e|iij uiti* ul xiyuc x arK Dy arbit rary and illegal force, were present when tho railings fell, and I remember how my usually placid fellow- countrymen appeared under the goad of what was felt to be a real grievance and an ,infringement of that liberty which, depend upon it, half the men of the Holein the- Wall were ready that night to die for. The only earnest Republican is Mr. Odgor, who mentioned that he wan commissioned by a rich gentleman, whose name he did not men tion, to purchase the first house he could find suitable for meetings. It was muttered v«rv close to the table we sat at, that the sign of the meeting-house would be the ' Sir Charles the First,' but who the mysterious and muni ficent patron could be puzzled all of us greatly. The moat applauded and moderate, but by no means the best speeoh of the even ing, was made by a gentleman who opposed the Republicans. He frankly pleaded guilty to having saved £1000, and by a train of rea soning which must have been even more satis factory to himself than his audience, lie con cluded that this aum under a Republic would illogical, he was an awkward customer to jeer at, aa poor Odger soon found ; for, in answer to a good-naturedrbut meaning laugh from the latter, which plainly meant, 'I'll take the 1 ghost's word for £1000,' the speaker turned I upon the interrupter and made the one brilli- | ant hit of the evening. ' Yes, Mr. Udger | may laugh,' said the man of property, *? but I when I mention one fact, which I challenge f him to denr. the lausrh will he nn V.hn ntw 5 side of the mouth! ' 'You say,' ' he continued, J ' that you are rapidly educating the people of . 1 England up to Republicanism. . Good 1 You | hare had a newspaper preaching that doctrine | for nearly a year, and you have had so many converts that you are not able to bring the next number out without getting up a raffle for a blanket' This sally (which was true) was greeted with roars and screams of laugh- j .far, in whiph JJr. Qdger joined, until I *»w j the tears running, down: his good-humoured I face. The great speech of the Republicans j wan, of course, Mr. Odger's, and a capital 1 speeohit was~neat, to the point, moderate, 1 and- without statistics; on which sharp rocks 1 all the others had been dashed to pieces. It I was, however, ax perfectly natural, one long I psalm of joy over one British baronet who had I repented. The Throne may «bme, the Throne I may go, but our. baronetcy. shall go on for I ever. 1 cannot help Wishing that Sir Charles I Dilke had paid a vjajt tq - the Hole-in- the- Wall I before going (o Newcastle; Tho levity, roll- I ioking fun, and impartiality of the night's I assembly, the vagueness of the speakers, and I indifference of. those who' listened, were more I than enough to convince any man playing for I 4'lefel stake thari.the Presidency of ' Greater I Britain,' that Britons never, never, never will I become' crotchetmohgers. ° ' I TRANSFER OF LICENSE. — Yesterday, by H. Scott, Esq., P.M., and H Stokes, Esq., J.P., a transfer of license for the Great Northern Hotel, was granted from Mr. Clement Oxley Clements to Mr. William Winch. 