THE WATCH ON THE BORDER. The halcyon days of Her Majesty's Custom House are over. In the good old times of Collector Gibbes, it used to he a jocose tradition that certain officers of that Department were more skilled in catching flies than their contemporaries of the Commissariat. Fly-catching was, in fact, a favorite recreation, during the summer, in both ' these branches of the Public Service, and we believe a good Jeal of money changed hands among the adroit operators. It is now all changed — more changed than ever during the last month. When it became generally known in the Custom .House that Sir James 3Iartin determined to gratify his ob stinacy at the expense of his public char acter, by collecting the Border duties, an extraordinary flutter of excitement was perceptible amongst the officials, particu larly the extra hands. The departure of Mr. W. Augustine Duncan for Albury raised the excitement to a furore. Billets were to he had, and billets were given, and some half-dozen waiters on Providence were raised to the more substantial status of Tide- waiters, or permanent officers of Customs. We have not yet received the official list of the beatified ; hut we are sufficiently well informed to state, that efficient officers are now " disposed" along the New South Wales hank of the Mur ray, and that — before we again address our readers — the oppressive and com mercially repressive action of the Govern ment will have been brought to hear on our fellow-colonists in the portion of the territory loosely described as Riverina. And what is it all for ? To gratify the wrong- headedness of the Premier and to justify the blunderings of the Treasurer and Postmaster-General. There is not a shred — a thread — a ravelled skein — of argument in favor of, or favorable to, the -conduct of our Government in this mat ter. Its members have been beaten at all points. With the suppleness and sub tlety of an old Celt of Finn M'Coull's Militia, Mr. Gavan Duffy discomfited every attack of our Statesmen. He showed Sir James Martin that the bounce of a bravado was very like the courage of a bravo. He taught Mr. Robertson manners, or, at least, gave him a valuable lesson in the conventional courtesies of official life,. In a word, he has exposed our whole Cabinet to ridicule— nay, to worse ; for has not Mr. William Forster tabled a motion which is not only con demnatory of .the conduct of our Execu tive chiefs, hut practically an impeach ment of their common sense ? The nebu lous density of brain that could not re fract the straightforward proposals of the Melbourne Government, in reference to the Border Duties, transends all our pre vious notions of mental opacity. Mr. Gavan Duffy, in the plainest language, signifies the willingness of his Govern ment to come — in the view of sustaining intercolonial commercial relations — to any fair arrangements for the purpose of ascertaining what amount of revenue this colony is really entitled to from the Mur ray trade. If we find — he in effect says — that New South Wales has equitable rights to any sum from thirty to one hundred and thirty thousand per.annum, we are willing to give it. Let ns, conjointly, find out what your claim is, and take it to the last farthing — the farthing itself included. But, no ! our bumptious Premier (and commander-in-chief of the little army of placeholders at the Victoria Barracks) must take a high stand — a kind of moral stilts — and start at £60,000 per annum as the minimum he will take. What shall we say of the sneaking majority in Parliament that hacked him — of the blatant Buchanan and other windbags that puffed praise in his nostrils for this proceeding — of the cowardly metropolitan press that half excused him ? We are fallen low, indeed. The treachery of the Assembly has no parallel in nature unless the crass perversity of the Head of the Administration rivals it. There is no narrow defile of retreat left us — to vindicate our honor and intelli gence as a people — except Mr. W. Forster's motion and its result. If the House has sufficient sense and honesty to carry his censure on the conduct of the Government,' there is ju&t; the ghost of a chance — even if it he the Kiama appari tion ! — that we shall escape the ludicrous contempt of Victoria and the other Austra lian States. A dissolution of Parliament will follow — Mr. Buchanan is proclaiming such a result at street corners. Let it. lue nouse tnat Dackect tne u-overnment in its insolent arbitrary way of dealing with so delicate a question as the Border Duties, does not deserve public confidence for a solitary hour.' What a glorious out growth of statesmanship ! Watch-houses on the river Murray — armed watchmen in their lairs on its hanks— patrolling re venue officers on our southern boundary — and all for the benefit — Heaven help us ! — of our- own colonists. Hear it not in Downing Street where our Premier is trying to pass for an Englishman of the extra loyal stamp ! Hear it not in West Cork, where his Irish relations will blush for shame at his meanness and perversity ! The feeling of contempt does not ex clude pity. Much as we despise Sir James Martin's public conduct, we can not get rid of a sense of regret at his pre sent humiliations. He has barely had time to digest Mr. Duffy's scornful logic and send his revenue emissary to the Border, when an extra squirt of inodorous criticism from a leading English journal is discharged at him. The English Press will no more swallow his flunkey expres sions of loyalty and attachment to the step mother country, than the people of New South Wales can tolerate his inso lent obstinacy. As we Have some feeling of pity for him, we would advise him — before it is too late — to make his arrange- ments with the Chief Justice, take the central seat of .honor in banco, and leave public matters to those who have some sound conception of the accidence of poli tical economy. The obstinacy that is a mortal sin in a statesman, may be stoical virtue in a rugged interpreter of the Law. A Chief Justice, perverse as Balaam's ass, or any pig kept by Sir James Mar tin's forefathers, cannot do a tithe of the mischief of which a wrong-headed Premier is capable. Whatever the cost may he to the country, the settlement of Sir James Martin in some honorable state, outside the political arena, will he a paying in vestment. He is yet capable — if allowed to follow the old course; — of doing more mischief than circumstances have hitherto allowed him to perpetrate.. Throw the sop to Cerberus, and pass on tranquilly. ' 