TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES [From the Melbourne papers.] VICTORIA. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH PORT DARWIN. The following telegram was received in Melbourne on August 22nd, from Mr. W J. Cunningham acting-superintendent of telegraphs, Adelaide, who forwarded it to Mr. T. R James, telegraph superintendent at Melbourne : " Adelaide, 22nd August. "Direct communication established who Port Darwin at one p.m. to-day. Cables still interrupted. Easterly monsoon blowing very strong. 'The line works splendidly throughout. No ropoutingnecessnry. Working with Port Darwin ians If speaking to a station a few miles distant. The operators along the line say that they quite enjoy the life they load. They say it is jolly, but are glad to got in direct communication with the civilised world again and as they have had nearly nothing to do for the last twelve months, they are anxious for the cable to be repaired so that they may commence business. The line is deluged with congratulatory messages to Mr. Todd, who is at Central Mount Stuart." The following message was telegraphed to Sir James Fergusson, who arrived at Melbourne on August 22nd, by Mr. Henry Ayers, Colonial Secretary of South Australia : " Aiip.t.Atnii, 22nd August. " His Excellency Sir James Fergusson's have much pleasure in informing you that the wire was joined, and a message from Port Darwin received at one o'clock p.m. to-day. Henry Ayers." St. Arnaud, Friday, 10th August. The show yesterday was a great success. 'There were sixty-five entries for sheep, and thirty-five for horses. The principal whoop prize-takers were Messrs. Armstrong, Creswick, Wilson, Chirnside and Watson, and Ronald. Seven hundred persons paid to enter the yards. Albury, Friday. Great excitement prevails here at the unsettled state of the Border Duties question and the reticence of the Victorian Government as to the adoption of the Parkes treaty. Sandhurst, Thursday. The Great Extended Hustler's Tribute, No. 1, struck a body of quartz to-day in sinking the shaft. The stone is 3ft. below the first level, and is probably a new reef, - NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, Monday, 15th August. At an influential public meeting held at the exchange to-day, it was resolved to take the necessary steps in order to have the colony adequately represented at the London International Exhibition. A miner named Spencer has been committed for trial for the wilful murder of Charles Cross, at Ophir, last Saturday. Michael Leonard, one of the two brothers who were stabbed by a lunatic at Goulburn, has died of his wounds. The wool sales to-day were small, but prices remain firm. 'The Macedon, for Melbourne, took 25,000 sovereigns. Cornsacks have been inquired for, and large sales have been made at Us. 'JA. Palo bulk brandy is scarce. Maize is steady at 2s. Friday. The Admiralty have bought a schooner here, as the first of a small fleet intended to be employed in the suppression of the Polynesian slave trade. The vessel will be manned from the Australian squadron. Dr. Murray's evidence given in the Car murder case proves that a horrible massacre of Polynesians was perpetrated. Timmins and Howard, the garotters, were sentenced to seven years' hard labour and Balfour, for robbery on board the Dandenong, to two years. The exhibition fund amounts to about £1,400. The reports of increasing yields from the Tambaroora mines sustain the excitement in the share market. A collision took place in the harbour this evening between the steamers Wonga Wonga and City of Brisbane, in which the latter was slightly damaged. Sales of Martell's case brandy have been made at 24s. 6d. ; Hennessy's three star, 44s. The weather is very unsettled. Arrived : Corridor, from Hong Kong, with a general cargo ; Quickstep, from Fiji. ' Saturday. The s tourner Leichhardt, after being fitted with a double screw and compound engines by the A.S.N. Company, made a most satisfactory trial to-day. The store will not be released from quarantine until Monday, Most of the horses were at work this morning. King of the Ring and Belphegor went a splendid gallop, and Pyrrhus gave great satisfaction. Several large sales of Adelaide country flour have been made at £14 10s. Monday. The exhibition committee met to-day, and appointed an executive of twelve members. Captain Armstrong has been committed for murder and the remainder of the crew of the Carl for felonious assault. Mrs. anderson, the widow of a solicitor at Bathurst, has committed suicide by drowning herself in a well whilst in a state of temporary insanity. Flannaghan has been scratched for Randwick engagements. It is reported that Belphegor is amiss. The store came to the wharf to-day, and leaves for Melbourne to-night. The market opened firm. Bottled beer is very scarce, and sales have been made up to Hb. Cd. Tuesday. The inhabitants of Bathurst intend to give a public reception to Mr. Parkes, who visits them shortly. The steamer Saxonia has been successfully raised, and placed on the slip at Newcastle A farmer, named Killalee, residing at Wollongong, committed suicide by taking a dose of strychnine. The Singleton Agricultural Show opens to-morrow; the exhibits are splendid. Heavy snow fell near Sydney to-day, and a strong southerly gale has been blowing. The subscriptions to the exhibition fund continue to flow in freely. The whaler Aladdin, with twenty-four tuns sperm oil, and the Sousholl, with sixteen tuns of oil, have put into Jervis Bay for shelter. Flour is 10s dearer. Wednesday. The Governor and party intend visiting the Hunter River next month. The A.S. Company have called a special meeting of shareholders to consider the advisability of starting a Californian mail line. The Lady Belmore Company have struck Kroh man's reef. M'Grath and Farrell have been committed for garotte robberies. The weather is bitterly cold and stormy, with a heavy sea running along the coast. Sheepskins are slightly dearer, and maize is quoted Id. dearer. The following is the latest betting on the Rand- wick races:- Derby : 7 to 4 against King of the Ring, 6 to 1 against Commodore. Metropolitan : 7 to 1 against Toothpioker, 8 to 1 against Dagworth, Little Dick, and Prophet ; 10 to 1 against Pyrrhus, 12 to 1 against Cyclops. Little Dick has been backed for a lot of money. Thursday. The Hunter River Steam Navigation Company has declared a dividend of 10 per cent. Reports from Armidale state that the new reefs near Oakwood are wonderfully rich. The southerly gale and heavy rain continue, so that steamers are unable to leave port. King of the Ring receded in the Derby betting to-day, and 2 to 1 was freely offered. Commodore's position is improving. Friday. James Clancy, of the brig Carl, has been committed for wilfully murdering Polynesians. The names of the Victorian representative crow are anxiously looked for. The Dandenong encountered a heavy gale on the passage from Newcastle, and only arrived this eve- ning;. She sails for Melbourne to-morrow. The import markets are firm, through the influence of the home telegrams. Private telegrams quote Peak Down copper at £103; tin ore, £102. Hustler's Tribute rose to 40s., and closed with sales at £5. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday 15th August. The Governor gives his assent to the Land Bill, which passed the Legislative Council yesterday without amendment. The debate on the Permissive Bill has been adjourned until next Wednesday. The furnaces at the Wallaroo smelting works have been stopped for want of coal. Mr. Scott has been obtaining 1 lb. weight of gold weakly from his sections at Mount Pleasant. A large sale of wheat for shipment has been made at 5s 11d. Fifty tons bran sold at 11d. The 15,000 bushels of wheat reported as having been said yesterday were for Melbourne. Gospel Oak Eagle brand iron has been sold at auction at £39 15s. A telegram was received from Mr. Todd last night dated Barrow's Creek, 14th inst., in which he says he arrived there yesterday, and had the intense satisfaction of informing the Government that through communication between Adelaide and Port Darwin, a distance of 2000 miles, would be completed by the end of next week, or earlier. The line is working splendidly throughout, and he (Mr. Todd) felt assured the Government would acknowledge, since the work had been resumed at the end of the wet season, that no time had been lost, and with the vexatious delays and mishaps the erection of 2,000 miles of telegraph through the centre of Australia in less than two years was not bad work, considering that the necessary materials had been pro- cured from England. He hoped that the submarine cable would be repaired by the time that the overland line was completed. The Estafette arrived last night at Lawson, having left the north end wire station on Tuesday morning, when the cable was still interrupted. From the above date it will be seen that the existing gap has been traversed in two days. Friday. In the Assembly to-day the Speaker reported that the Governor treated him in an unusual manner yesterday. On assembling in the Council Chamber to hear the Governor's assent to bills, the Speaker proceeded to hand his Excellency the Land Bill, when the Governor replied, I have that bill." The Speaker considers that the privileges of the House are involved, as the Land Bill is a money bill, which originated in the Assembly. Mr. Townsend moved that the Speaker's report be placed on the records of the House, and considered on the next day of meeting. After a short discussion this was agreed to, and the House adjourned to 20th September The popular notion is that the Governor has given the Speaker a snubbing. Commissioners have been appointed to secure the proper representation of the colony at the London exhibition next year. Saturday. The Government have received a telegram from Port Darwin, dated 19th August, stating that the JuBsin, pearl fulling schooner, had arrived there on the 12th. The Government Resident, three surveyors, and a party of twenty-six had started for the Roper, in the Claymore, on the 10th instant. The submarine cable yesterday was still interrupted. The National Bank have reduced the rates of discount on three months' paper to 6 per cent and overdrafts to 8 per cent. Mr. Todd has opened a station at Barrow's Creek, 1,200 miles from Adelaide. Large parcels of flour have been sold to-day Hall's, at £13 los. ; country brands, £12 6s. to £13 2s. 6d. Wheat, 5s. 11d. ; woolpacks, 4s. 10½d. Monday. The cable line is still interrupted ; but the steamer Investigator was trying to pick it up near Java. The monsoons, which would soon moderate, had, however, hitherto retarded operations. The new Land Bill regulations will be published to-morrow in a Gazette extraordinary. It has been resolved to form a company for grow- ing tobacco and rice, but not sugar, in the Northern Territory. It is proposed to raise £2000, and Mr. Koch, the promoter, will subscribe a quarter of the sum. The Emma and Adelheid have arrived from Foo Chow Foo with cargoes of tea. 10,000 bushels of wheat ' changed hands at 6s; bran, 11d ; pollard, is 4d. Arrived Penola, s., from Melbourne. Tuesday. The Legislative Council has adjourned to 24th September. The Chief Secretary, in referring to the Governor's conduct towards the Speaker, maintained that his Excellency had acted in accordance with the British practice, as the Speaker only presented a money bill at the bar for the Royal assent, whereas the bill in question was not a money bill. His Excellency the Governor left for Melbourne to-day in the Coorong. All the banks have reduced the rate of discount to 6 per cent., and 3 per cent. for overdrafts. The theatrical season has opened well with the performance of " School." Wednesday. The Revs. Messrs. Lloyd and Morgan have arrived from London on behalf of the Baptist Association. 1,600 packages of tea, chiefly boxes, ex Adelheid, were sold to-day. Half- chests congou brought 49s. 6d., and boxes 18s, to 24s. 3d. ' 3,000 bushels of good second-class wheat have been quitted at 5s. 9d. ; prime samples command 5s. 6d. to 6s. and a sale of country flour is reported at £12 15a. 2, Thursday. The overland telegraph line was completed at one o'clock to-day, and direct communication is now opened with Port Darwin. The occasion has been made the subject of a demonstration. Congratulatory messages were exchanged between Government offices. Flags were flying from many of the buildings, and the ball was set ringing. Unfortunately the cable is still interrupted, owing to the monsoon prevailing. Major Warburton has been appointed leader of the expedition to explore the country to the westward, towards Western Australia. He takes with him two surveyors, who form the Government party. Mr. Burt manages the camels, and has with him four Affghans. 'The lion. They. Elder supplied the stores and the camel for the expedition. It is expected that the party will start from Central Mount Stuart as speed dry as possible. At the Agricultural Society's show of sheep, Mr. C. B. Fisher took all the long-woolled prizes. The show was a success. The Commissioner of Lands proceeds to the Far North to-morrow to examine the country. 1,200 packages of new teas, ex Emma, were sold at auction to-day. Ghosts siftings, £4 4s to £4 10s. a good congou, £7 150.; boxes, 22s. 6d.; pekoe, 12. 11 jd. ; gunpowder, 2s. 3d. Friday. Numerous congratulatory messages have been exchanged with Port Darwin, line with Air. Todd, who telegraphs from Central Mount Stuart, and in acknowledging the congratulations, refers to the scheme he officially advised fourteen years ago. Telegrams from Port Darwin state that it the celebration there yesterday, Mr. Squire, in respond- ing for the British Cable Company, said that he expected the current would be restored hourly. A most satisfactory test of the overland telegraph has just been completed in the presence of the editors of the daily papers. A message was despatched from Adelaide to Port Darwin, and a reply received in twelve seconds. The response in every instance was instantaneous, direct ft 6in Adelaide to Darwin without any break, News from the up-country goldfields is still uncertain, but reliable intelligence is daily expected. A commission of inquiry into the police force has been appointed. A meeting of squatters was held to-day to urge the abolition of the scab inspector at Wellington, and to urge inspection at that crossing place to prove the introduction of scab. QUEENSLAND. Brisbane, Monday, 19th August. A quantity of splendid copper ore has been received from Cloncurry mine and the new gold field, eight miles from Cloncurry township, is likely to prove rich. FIJI, VIA SYDNEY. . By the Quickstep, Fiji papers have been received to 13th July. Judge Forwood, before legislation on the matter, had urged that the establishment of a bank by others than the Polynesian Company would be a breach of faith. Disturbances on the Ba coast continue, and the planters there have formed themselves into armed parties, foaling attack from the natives. At a large public treating held at Levuka, it was resolved that £15,000 per annum was all that the people could afford towards the expenses of Government. The captain of H.M.S. Cossack stopped the threats of interfering with Consul March, by compelling the Government to guarantee him inviolable and the Parliament has passed an act placing the consul beyond the power of the Fiji authorities, Latest Fiji advices state that the Parliament has ignored the Polynesian Company's claims to a bank charter, and decided to issue the privilege to a company having a capital of not less than half a a million dollars. 