SUMMARY OF NEWS. : ; | On "Wednesday afternoon Mr. William Rogers, one of the candidates for Encounter Bay at the recent election, presented a petition to the House of Assembly against the return of Mr. William Everard. The petition, sifter setting out the circumstances of the case very precisely, con tained a prayer that the House would declare Mr. Everard's seat vacant and Mr. Rogers duly elected, or would declare , the election generally to be void, or make such other order as the House should deem just. - _ The petition contained two allegations upon which Mr. Everard's seat was challenged-first, that the Returning-Officer did not give Beven, days'notice of the writ, as required by the Act, by the omission of which many electors were prevented from voting; and second, that the Eeturning-Officer permitted a voting-paper in favor of Mr. Everard and Mr. Blyth to be used, although it bore other marks than those permitted by law. The petition was referred in the Court of Disputed Returns, which was instructed to sit on Monday next. On one of the late hot days a small kerosine lamp at the Nuriootpa Hotel burst, and Mr. Kriebel was severely burnt, and but for the prompt assistance of Mr. C. Bock, the landlord, and Mr. Weger, who were present, the conse quences might have been fatal. The flame struck Mr. Kriebel in the face, and liis head was enveloped with fire. Whilst helping Bock got severely burnt on the hand, and Weger also received some injury. The counter of the bar was set on fire, but the flame was soon extin guished. Mr. Kriebel's injuries was so severe that it was feared his eyesight was lost; but Dr. Ayliffe has been in constant attendance on the sufferers, and they are now progressing most favorably.-Register.. From Sydney we learn that the Government was defeated last night (Thursday) in the Assem bly on Mr. Forster's motion relative to .the im position of border duties. The majority against the Ministry was four. After the division had been taken at midnight, the House adjourned until Tuesday. It is believed that the Governor will not grant a dissolution. Nothing has yet transpired respecting the Ministerial intentions. Relative to the same subject an Albury telegram informs us that the customs duties meeting on Thursday was attended by upwards of 600 per sons, and great excitement has been caused. Resolutions were unanimously adopted censuring' Sir James Martin, and pledging the meeting to resist the imposition of border duties. An in fluential committee was appointed to arrange for a meeting of delegates to decide whether Riverina should be formed into a separate colony or annexed to Victoria. There was great rejoicing this morning over the defeat of the Government, and a popular demonstration is expected. There is some probability of the Victorian Government offering a reward, coupled perhaps with a free pardon to an accomplice, for the dis covery of facts removing the mystery surround ing the late alleged murder of Mrs. Gallogly at the Civil Service Hotel, Stephen-street. The striking peculiarities discoverable in the evidence given at the inquest seem to warrant such a step. " An idea that has been formerly expressed in regard to the supposed intention of the Ger man Government to found a colony ih the South Seas has again obtained currencyin ayery definite shape during the last day or two, in ' connection with the visit of the Nymphe. Some of those persons who can always see much farther than other people see this plainly-the Nymphe is going to Fiji to join the 1lertha, commanded by Commodore Kohler, sailing from Japan, and the Elizabeth from Rio de Jaueiro, when the squadron will have an effective force of 1,200 men. Steps will then be taken to proclaim the authority of the Emperor Wilhelm, and to annex the dominions of King Cakobau to the German Empire, the position of His Majesty in the Imperial Council being probably a matter for subsequent arrangement."-Ballarat Star. Commander Von Blanc, of the German man of-war Nymphe, has written from Melbourne to Mr. Von Treuer, the German Consul in Adelaide, that he regrets Ids inability to visit South Aus tralia, where he knows a very large number of Germans are happily settled. In his report to the Imperial Government, however, the Com mander says he will urge upon them the import ance of sending at no distant date another of His Majesty's ships of war to this port, and an ticipates his recommendation will be carried into effect within the current year.-Advertiser. On Thursday, the 11th inst., the Northern Argus states, a case of sudden death occurred at the Bundaleer head station. It seems a Mrs. Taro lay down on her bed and went to sleep, and while in that unconscious state died. Heart disease, combined with the extremely hot weather then prevailing was the cause of the poor woman's death. The latest news about the progress of the Portland Railway Company ('remarks the Guar dian ) is to the effect that the Government has consented to a reserve in the Wimmera of 156,000 acres, and which will be gazetted as soon as the selections can be judiciously made and marked on the map. The 181,000 acres already gazetted when added to the 156,000 acres about to be gazetted will make 337,000 acres, an area in excess of some English counties, and with this land to begin with it will be strange if the line is not speedily in running order, Some of the most extensive houses in Melbourne approve the scheme of a Portland railway as the very best to open and improve the district, and, what is better still, are prepared to give practical effect to the approval. It is stated that in the celebrated Tichborne pocket-book, found at Wagga Wagga, and which has now reached England, there is a memorandum written in a cipher known but to one gentleman in this country, who we may mention saw the pocket-book when it first began to be talked about. The following words are dated as having been written fifteen years ago : "I am Roger Tichborne; I hope to be Sir Roger." The evidence taken home against the present claimant's assertions of his personality may not, therefore, prove so valuable as it has been asserted it would. With the key to the cipher in his hands, Sergeant Ballantyne could do wonders.-Age. For some months past a movement has been on foot among the Friendly Societies in Adelaide for the purpose of forming an Institute, similar to Institutes existing in some of the neighboring colonies, having for its object medical attendance upon the wives aud families of members. On January 26, the General Committee met to receive the report of a Sub-Committee which had been appointed to prepare rules and go into the details of the scheme. The following sentences occur in the report" Your Committee have to report that they have had an interview with some of the principal medical men in Adelaide, and that tho sum named by them, as the lowest at which they - could entertain the matter, is far beyond the amount calculated upon by the originators of the scheme, being £1 per member per year. They have also obtained the names, addresses, &c.;, of the mem bers of the various Societies, and a list has been compiled by the Secretary showing the actual number of individuals who would be connected with the Institute. This list shows that the number of members who are connected with more than one Society is not so great as was calculated upon, thus reducing, in a very large measure the assumed income arising from this source. Taking the figures thus obtained, and the sum named by the medical men, it appears to your Committee that the lowest amount per member at which tho Institute could be carried out would be 22s. 6d. per year, or a subscription of say 3d. per week per member in addition to present contributions." "To illustrate how fires in towns might originate and a large amount of property be con sumed without any clue being obtained as to the real origin of the disaster, we may mention," says the Riverine Herald, "a fact which came under our personal observation. Some few days ago while passing the workshop of Mr. Rogers, tinsmith, High-street, our attention was directed to a large hole that had been burned in a deal door which was lying on the ground. Upon making inquiries, we were informed by one of Mr. Rogers's workmen that he was engaged in making some zinc tanks, one of which he left iu an unfinished state and standing upon the door. The cylinder portion of the only was completed, and bottomless as it stood the bright inside zinc so powerfully reflected the sun's rays that the concentrated heat speedily set fire to and burned a large hole in the door as above described: To test the matter further, the portion of the tank was replaced in bur pre sence, in the same position,'and a piece of glazed lining laid over the board on which it stood, when in a few seconds the fabric was entirely consumed." M. Louis Senlis, . the French Cons ut at. Sydney, lias been appointed Consul- Qeneral at Calcutta. . v.- --;v .The Catholics of Portland are losing their pastor again. The Rev. Mr. Eassetts, who. has. only been stationed there a few months, leaves very shortly, for a more important charge. , - . A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of the 8th January, ; " about nine o'clock, as the. Eev. Mr. Bayley, accom panied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards' Millnaven, when opposite Mr. ! Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure drossed in flow-, ing white robes, rise out of the ground, and ex tend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal bccame frightened aud bolted right through the figure. Misa Hughes exclaimed, 'Dear me, what was that? Mr. Bayley en deavoured to pull the horse up, but on he dashed nor could he be induced to stop' till he reached the gate at Millhaven." On "Wednesday Mr. Mahoney and Mr. J. Moore left the Kapunda Pond together, the latter on a young horse, which he was breaking for Mahoney,. and all the way to the Light "the beast bucked. When it, reached this river it suddenly plunged into a waterhole, and made no effort to swim. Moore freed liimself as quickly as possible, and then having hold of the bridle pulled the horse's head ashore. Although it had not been more than a minute in the water, it was almost dead, and ceased to live in a very'sliort time. The local Herald remarks concerning the matter-" It seems as if the horse had determined not to be broken in, . but had rather chosen to commit suicide, for all horses can swim if they will, unless seized with cramp or other, disease, but this one made no attempt to save itself." On Sunday morning, on the estate of C. B. Young, Esq., Mount Templeton, a man named Peter Hogan dietl after three or four " days', in tense pain, arising from dysentery. He was a strong, steady man, and leaves behind liim a widow and seven children, the oldest'a" girl not ten years of.age. A little girl named Ann Curtis was killed on Sunday at Mount Doran under the following circumstances in the bush, near her father's house. It appears that deceased and some other children were playing under a rotten tree on Sunday evening about 6 o'clock, when the top of the tree fell off, striking deceased across the abdomen, and breaking all the internal organs. The little sufferer died an hour after wards. At the Melbourne Police Court Capt. Collard has been committed for trial for the loss of the Sussex. He reserved his defence. The Collingrova has been remarkably fortu nate in importing a most splendid lot of Angora goats for Mr. Price Maurice in excellent order and condition. On leaving England she took on board 60, the whole of which but two have arrived. There were also oh board several cages of birds-skylarks, blackbirds, thrushes, canaries, pheasants, and finches, andother winged denizens of the old country, in excellent feather.-Ad vertiser. Foreign born persons, and these born in tha country of foreign parents, make up 64 per cent, of the total population of the United States. Large quantities of damaged tea have recently been imported into, and sold in Melbourne, some of it as low,as f d. per lb. It is described as being totally unfit for food. Under the existing regulations the health officer was not able to interfere to prevent its finding its way into the hands of the retailers, so it is now pro posed by the City Council to memorialize -"That the Legislative Committee be instructed to frame a by-law, empowering the health officer to seize at all times within the city of Melbourne any kinds of food or drink that he may consider deleterious to health, and to hold the same for the inspection of experts, upon whose report immediate action for prosecution or otherwise shall be taken." " Spiritism," says the Ballarat Star, " seems lately to have intruded itself into the Chinese Camp, and produced a strange commotion of ideas in the minds of the Celestials. A Chinese named All Wang has been breaking a fan-tan bank by winning over £205 from the keeper, an expert player at the game ; and the successful man asserts that he was incited to visit the establishment by a spirit that stayed with him both in his sleeping and waking hours for the last week, telling liim to go, and that he would win all.the money. ; The successful, man seems to implicitly believe in the phenomenon which he describes, and has induced his victim of the bank also to become a believer." The Deniliquin Chronicle reports the death of Thomas Hains, a bushman, last week, on Willnrah run. " On Sunday week he left Conargo with a companion for that place. When within four and a half miles of their destination, they found that they had missed their road, became confused, and then separating to search for water, one wa3 ultimately found dead under a tree, and the other picked up on the fourth day still wandering. The journals to hand report several other cases of a like nature as occurring in different parts of the colonies during the present excessively hot weather." One of those incidents which tend to keep alive speculation upon the question of where instinct in animals begins and reason ends, and to give a semblance of probability to the Darwinian theory, recently occurred at the Adelaide Botanic Garden. It will be remembered that some days ago one of the monkeys belonging to the zoological depai-t ment savagely attacked a son of the keeper, who was so severely injured that he has had to be kept in the Hospital ever since. Immediately after the event sentence of death was passed upon the aggressor, and early one morning the Fore man took his gun and proceeded to execute it. It appears that it is no uncommon thing for fire arms to be used near the cages in the destruction of rats, and the monkeys have become so accustomed to this that they generally feed on without taking the least notice. On this occasion two out of the three occupying the cage where the doomed animal was stood their ground as usual, but the third, the condemned criminal, retreated with all speed into the sleeping-room, and no persuasions could induce liim to come out. The ordinary meal was brought, but although lie saw his companions eat, it was not until several minutes after the Foreman had gone away that he cautiously crept out,' and seizing some provisions hurried back into the den to devour them. Once while he was absent the door of his place of refuge was shut from outside, aud then the poor creature gave itself up for lost. It rushed frantically round the cage trying all the corners, and failing to discover a means of escape, it threw itself down, trembling violently, and submitted to the fate which soon overtook it. The story is perfectly authentic, and affords a remarkable illustration of the capacity of the monkey to connect effect with cause.-Register. A shocking occurrence has tuken place at Colbinabbin north, and is reported in tho JFaranga Chroniclc. A man named William Lassom poisoned himself by taking strychnine on the 10th inst., while suffering from delirium tremens. His infant daughter, shortly after he took the poison, found the glass and drank some of its remaining contents. They were both taken in the convulsions consequent on poisoning by strychnine, and both died about the same time. THE ALMIGHTY DOLLAR.-" Brother Smith' what does this meau?" "What does wha* mean?" "Bringing a nigger to this church.' " The pew is my own." " Your own ! Is that any reason why you should insult the whole con gregation?" "But lie is intelligent and well educated." "Who cares for that? He is a nigger." "But he is "a friend of mine.'-' " What of that ? Must you therefore insult tho. whole congregation?" " But he is a Christian, and belongs to the same denomination." "What do I care for that? Let him go and worship with his fellow-niggers." " But he is worth five million dollars," said the merchant. "Worth what?" "Five million dollars." "Worth 'five million dollars' Jerusalem! Worth five millions ! Brother Smith, iutroduce me."-American Paper. . 