j SUNDAY BEADING. | The English Version of the Bible. (From the ' Origin and History of the New Testament,' My James Marlin, B.A., Melbourne.) Translations of the Bible into the ,language o tho people of England were mnde as far back as th seventh century, and continued with intervals o varying length until the seventeenth, when ou present 'Authorised Version' displaced oil other and secured a position as the National Bible from which it would be very difficult indeed U romove it. Thora is still in existence a translatioi of the Psalms into Auglo-tfaxon, made by Aldhelni Bishop of (Sherborne, who died in 709 ; and he i said to have translated most of tho Bible. Other trans lations were also made ; some of them apparently fo public use. A spocial interest has always attached tc tho translation of theGospelof John by the venerable Bede from the touching incident connected with hit death. About EaBter of the your 735 he felt that hil end was approaching. On the last day of his lif< his assistant told him that only ono chaptei remained, but feared that he wus too weak tc dictate. 'It is easy,' he replied, 'take thy pei and writo quickly.' After 'some time, he eenl him for some things to distribute among hil friends. he then continued conversing til the evening, when his assistant reminded him that there was one sentence still to bt written. He answered, 'Write quickly.' Soor after tho boy said, ¡¡'It is finished.' 'It is well, replied Bede, ' you have spoken the truth, it if finished. Take my head into your hands that I maj sit facing thc holy place where I was wont to pray.' And so on the pavement of his cell, singing ' Glory bo to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy G-host,' bo breathed his last, and departed to the Heavenly Kingdom. Tho chango in the language of the people, which followed by slow degrees upon the conquest oi England by the Normans, soon rendered the Aryrlo Saxon versions unintelligible and useless. For a time, therefore, tho priests had only their Vulgate translation, and tho people were dependent upon the priests fora ll the scriptural knowledge they possessed, But tho interval was not so long as we might j suppose. Thero aro M. S. S. still in existence ' which provo that tho Anglo Saxon versions of the tho Gospels were in use, and even copied in the eleventh and twelfth centuries ; and before tho close of tho lutter century the book of Psalms had been translated into the dialects known as the Anglo Norman. There is a copy of the Gospels in the ßodelian Library, written in tho time of Henry H., and early in tho twelfth century, the Gospels and Acts were turned into English verse, in a volume called the ' Ormulum,' from the author's name, Orrn or Ormin, a copy of which is still to be seen in the same library at Oxford. It is probable that most of these had but a very .limited circulation. Yet their existence shows that through all the ages there was an unextinguishable desire among the people to road the Word of God in their own tongue. That desire reached its height in thejfourteonth century, when Wycliffe brought out his complete transla tion of the Scriptures in the language of tho common people. He commenced with the Book of Revelations, a singular selection, which is only to bo accounted for from the fact that the state of society, which led him to write on the la*t age of of the ohurch, had made that book his favourito s'.udy at the time. Tho Gospels followed, and in 1380 tho New Testament W»B completed. Tho translation was made from tho Vulgate, and was by no means free from defect"?. A revision was therefore undertaken by John Purvey, a member of the party of the Lollards, in tho year 1388, which waa so successful that it soon took the place of the earlier translation by Wycliffe himself. It was not long before tho existence of these two translationa aroused the bitterest hostility. In 1401 an act was passed for the burning of hoxetics, and in 14.08 a meeting of convocation was held at Oxford, at whioh it was enacted ' That no man, hereafter, by his own authority, translate any text of Scripture into English or any other tongue, and that no man read 'any such book, &c;, not lately composed in the time of John Wycliffe, or since.' But neither the circu lation nor study of these versions of the scripture could bo prevented. They continued to be copied, diffused, and read, and thus prepared the way for that greater movement of the sixteenth century, when ^knowledge increased, facilities for a more per fect work accumulated, and a printed Bible wus given to the world. William Tyndale was the first to devote himself to tho work of translating the Bible from the original languages into his mother tongue (former translations were made from tho Latin Vulgate). He was born in Q.484 in a village of Gloucestershire. About the year 1510 ho went to Cambridge, where Erasmus was at that time professor of Greek. It was while he was studying there that Erasmus published his Greek Testament, with a new Latin version. Tyndale saw the effect whioh even this produced; but ho also perceived 'That it was impossiblo to establish the lay people in any truth, except the Scripture were pluinly laid before their eyes in their mother tongue. Ihis thing,' ho says, ' moved me to translate the New Testament.' His first step was to apply to Tunstall, Bishop pf Loudon, to bo takon into his service, having heard from Erasmus of the bishop's love of seholar ship. But that was not the way in which the Now Testament was to bo translated. The bishop said his house was full. Tyndale soon found a friend, and remained in London for a year. But at length ho discovered ' not only that there was no room in my lord of London's palace to translate the Now Testament, but thero was no place to do it in all England.' Ho first of all fled to Hamburg, where he stayed till 1524. There he seems to have published the Gospels of Matthow and Mark. Tho next year he went to Cologne, and commenced the printing of his first complete New Testament. But his work was soon interrupted. . Tho printers wore forbidden to pro ceed with their work, and Tyndale wus obliged to ranko his escaoo, tnking his printed sheets with him to Worms. In thia Lutheran city two editions wore worked off, one in quarto and the other in octavo. They both reached England in 1826 ; and were so rapidly bought- up, that, as one writer BayB, ' The English were so eager for tho Gospel, that they would buy a'New Testament, even if they had to give a hrawked thousand pieces of money for it,' But they -wore first as eagerly proscribed am sought out for destruction. The King condemnei the translation to be burned. Orders were issuet for them to be delivered up, and where authority failed, the books were bought and committed to th* flames. But nothing could arrest the streum Thooro was an organization for the purpose of receiv ing and spreading the copies as they arrived, anc many agents were constantly employed in importing 'thom from Holland. Six editions were thus introduced in tho course of three or four yoais, Every attempt to suppress them only increased tbt desire to procure them ; and in an assembly con ventd to denounce Tyndale and his associates, il waB admitted that thero was a very wide-spread fueling that tho king ought to cause the b'cripturec I to be circulated in the vulgar tongue. I In 1534 Tyndalo brought out a revised transla tion, having studied the Greek afrosh for the pur pose, aud a copy was preBontod to Anne Boleyn, j who was at that time Henry's queen. Under bei i auspices an edition was printed in London, which appeared in the year in which she was put to death ; and thuB tho "last year of Tyndale's life was brightoned by the knowledge of the fact that in England itself his translation was passing through the press. But though for so many years he had kept his countrymen supplied with the Word of God, it was never to bo his own lot to re-visit his native Bhores. He died in exile in the year 1536, and his end was martyrdom. Even while in p1 ison he was engaged on a fresh revision of his Now Testament for the press. Antwerp was the scene oi his imprisonment on a charge of heresy; and there, at the stake, he breathed his last, uttering with his dying breath the words, ' Lord open the King of England's eyes.' Miles Coverdale was the next translator of the Bible into English. He was an intimate associate of Thomas Cromwell and Sir Thomas More, and obtained the favour of the King-Henry VIII. Tyndale's version was proscribed and burnt as an heretical book. Coverdale'a was, in 3537, 'set forth with the king's most gracious license.' John Rogers and Matthow ' put together a composite Biblo, made up of Tyndale's translation of a portion of the Old Testament, and the whole of tho i Now, and of Coverdale's translation of a portion of the Old.' In 1539 appeared 'The Great Bible,' á revision by Coverdale, under the nuspices of Thomas Cromwell and Cranmer. Before Henry the VIII, died, tho Parliament passed an Act proscribing all translations bearing Tindale's name ; and a great, i destruction of Bibles took place. In the reign of CJneen Mary, the English exiles published another Biblo at Geneva, generally called ' The Genevan Bible..' This was tho favourite version or the ; English people for three-quarters of a contury. j In 1568 'The Bishops' Bible' was issued with official sanction, but did not supersede the Genevan Bible. From that time to the year 1611, when the present authorized version oppeared, the Genevan Bible was that of tho people-the Bishops' Bible that of the Church. In 1604 King Jamos, carrying out a proposal made at the Hampton Court Conference, appointed fifty-four learned men to translate the Bible, and directed Bancroft, then Bishop of London, to counsel and assist them. Forty- seven of these did the work. They met in 1607 in six companies two at Westminister, two at Cambridge, and two at Oxford. Each company revised a part of the Scriptures ; and the work, when done, waB sub mitted to tho critioism of all. They were directed to follow the Bishops' Bible, and tp alter it ss little as the truth of the original would permit. The several companies wero occupied for rather more than two years and nine months with their work. Then twelve of them were appointed-two from each company-who met in London, and in the course of nine months revised the whole. Dr. Miles Smith wrote a preface, in which he says :-' We did not run over the work with that posting haste which the Septuagint did, if that be true whioh J'B reported of them, that thoy finished it in seventy-two days. The work hath not been huddled up in seventy two days, but hath cost the workmen, light as it I seemeth, tho pains of twice seven times seventy ! two days and more.' And explaining their plan and j mode of doing the work, he says :-' Truly, good Christian reader, we never thought from the begin ning that we should need to make a new translation, nor yet to make a bad one a good one ; but to make a good one better, or out of many good ones, one principal good one, not justly to be excepted against; that hath been our endeavour-that our mark. To that purpose there were many chosen that were greater in other men's eyes than in their own, and that sought the truth rather than their own praise. Neither did wo think it muoh to consult the transla tors or commentators-Chaldee, Hebrew, Syrian, Greek, or Latin-no nor tho Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch ; neither did wo disdain to revise what wo had done, and to bring to the anvil that which wo had hammered ; but having and using as great, helps as wore needful, and fearing no reproach for slowness, nor coverting praise for expedition, we have at the length, through the good hand ot the Lord upon us, brought the work to that pass that you see.' THE DÜKE OP EDINBURGH.- A bit of highly authentic intelligence is supplied by a Paris journal, La Liberte, whioh informs us that ' Lord Lyons will be replaoed by Lord Loftus, ns it is proposed to appoint Prince Alfred Viceroy of India aud the Australian colonies, with Lord Lyons as Under Governor, to ret-ide in Melbourne.' REMARKABLE . OCCURRENCE.-A _ very remarkable accident, states the Ballarat Courier, occurred at the Defiance claim, Buninyong, on Wednesday afternoon. The engineer found tho Bludgo cook to the boiler very stiff, and at length the handle could not bo turned. The cock was taken off, and the engineer and another man went to the smithy to put it into order. M'Lean, the man, worked the bellows, while the engineer was heating the cock in the fire, with a view to draw tho plug. Suddenly an explosion occurred inside the cock, and the plug flew out, striking M'Lean severely on tho hip. It then glanced off, and such was the force with whioh it travelled that it shot clean through tho side planking of tho smithy. Tho cause of the accident ÍB enveloped in mystery. Thoro was no powder about, and before the explosion occurred the engineer could see through the cock, so that no powder could have boen buried there. Tho only way that exports can i account for tho ooourrenco is by assuming that the I anti-friotion greaso whioh had been used to keep the plug from rusting had undergone some chemical change, through the heat, so as to develops nitro-glycerine, or i stone other equally oxplosive compound, j 