LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION OF A l'K ESBYTERl AN CHURCH AT QUEAN- I I ' Y \ X Ox Thitr.-day. Ia;-fc, at mid-day, ilio i it torosti 11 ceremony <>l laying the foundation-stone of .St. .Stephen's Brosbyterian Clmrch look placo in tlio enclosed ground belonging lo that boilv. Tlio day was very auspicious, ami tho attendunco good, ami all passed oil" witli great success. At tho lime appointed, tlio Rev. .John Gibson gave out a suitable psalm, and t.ho Lev. Mr. Paterson, of Rrniiiwond, engaged in prayer. Alter which, .Mr. John Gale, lion, sec., read letters front gentlemen who wore tillable to attend, and gave a linaneial statement, showing th t more than £3"u had been promised towards the new church. A copy of the document placed in the bottle was read. Nowspapers and coins were idso deposited in the bottle. The Rev. .John Gibson thou called on Mrs. Juno .Mackenzie to lay tho stone, who having de posited tho bottle, and had the stono adjusted, said, '-J declare this stone of St. Stephen's Church to bo duly and truly laid, and humbly dedicate it lotlio worship ol'tlio Father, Son, and Holy Spirit." Several persons then catno forward and placed cheques, notes, and coins 011 tho stono. Thu Rev. Mr. Gibson then delivered tho fol lowing address : — At last wo aro met to erect tho much-required sanctuary for tho worship cil Almighty God, and fueling much interest, in tho good cause in Qiionnbeynn. I have come, not withstanding ibdisposition, tohidyrn God speed. Uriel is tho Lime, as some hero to-dav can testily, when tho spot 011 which wo stand formed part Of att extensive sweep of undulating land, and occupied by the blaekfellow and kangaroo; but now, by a trans format ion, as if magic pro.luerd it, wo behold a spreading town and a scene of busy life. Tho presence of humanity, with rela tions temporal mid eternal, imparled to vour bush town secular worth and religious interest. We breathe the prayer that the Lord may keep and prosper your town. J.et art, industry, and enterprise increase its conveniences and com- lorLs, and impart the u'egances of life. Hut we I look on it with th" Christian's oye, and would have it not like Babylon ol old, a monuim nt of pride, invoking the bolt, instead of invit ing the blessing oi Heaven. Remembering that there are wealth and strength, a grandeur and glorv ol a spiritual eider, th it infinitely transcend the material and the Secular — t hat it is righteousness that oxalteth a, nation — wo would have every element baptised unto Christ. Impelled by sentiments like these, the I'reshvt crian Ghurch, like kindred churches, wouhl give proof of her benevolent, solicitude for your spiritual and social welfare, is about orec'iog a Christian temple. Irom wldeh may oin ui ilo ir.st reel ions and iiilluence which may contribute to tho con stitutional strou»th, moral power, and beneficent, action ol thi! community. W'e are now assembled at the interesting ami self, 'nil ceremonial of lav ing tho stono of St. Stephen's Ghurch, ami if wo are a.-ked what we meat", by this service, wo reply it L a house for God. ami for the instruc tion and comfoit of guilty, accountable, and dying men, who require light, lite, peace, hope, and heaven. No personal or sellish interests aro to bo promoted in its erect iou.Mmt to stand as a free-wit! oili-rmg and memorial to the God ol Heaven. II it be asked what, purpose is this building to servo ; W'e answer, it, is to advance the good of tho people. It will stand 011 tho side ol virtue, order, and social progress. Jt, will stand identiliod with tho rights of Cte-ar, with the rule of tho magistrate, and with the froo obedience of the citizen. It will .stand associated with the honour und'intogrity of t hit t radosnrm, with tho Invo ol'tlio domestic circle, and with tlio pence and progress of tho individual mind— with its future perfection, glory, a till immortality. If tho design of its oroolion bo accomplished, it will hu another well sunk in the arid plains of mans existence. Jtoro the pure wators#of life are intended lo flow — here the ignorant are to be instructed, tho wanderer brought, back, and tho backslider restored, and tho Christian pilgrim trained for usefulness ami heaven. Friends, Lhasa arcs issues which might make angels linger to witness tho event which now convenes us on litis spot. Presbyterians embrace I hose cardinal , doctrines of tho Gospel " mosL sttrclv believed among id I Evangelical Christians." That which is distinctive! has ivh.t ion solely to church probit v ' and order — mutters of great, though not vital importatieo. Tlioy decline- human authority in 1 matters pertaining to religious faith and prac tice. They say — i " Lot Cn;sur's duo be over paid, j To Cursor mid bis thronu ; | But consciences attd souls wore made I To bo tho Lord's tilono.'' | lit tho ministry one alone is master, and all aro : brethren ; in tho church, one is houd, and all i Christians tnombois 0110 of another. \Vo have ! our peculiarities. ,.A\ro hold them firmly, bo- j can so conseicntnusly ; hut wo have, in common with other denominations, principles and tritLhs ; inl'mituly more precious, and wo trust our piuty j will over bo sU'ong enough to sustain tho prac tical pro-omiuuneo of these and tho duo subordin ation of the other. Lnuking at man in his I fallen condition — debased, polluted, condemned, involved in a ruin from which thoro is no extri cation without redemption by Josus Christ, and regeneration by tho lldy Ghost, and holding tenaciously to tho proper divinity of the incurnuto Redeemer, and moral worth and p'-wor of His atoning death; and discarding, with all our hearts, tho sacramental virtue of ordinances as tho medium of the Spirit's regenerative action — a notion untenable in Scripture and philosophi cally absurd — wo contend i'or tho instrumentality of Divine truth, Our ministry is permoutoil with Hio ovaitgelicid element, and takes its inspiration I'rotn the cross, and proclaims Christ, j and Him crucified, as tho only basis ol'a sit.tior's o. ,1 inybits up-vi rim -,- !«» tort im-my, "Repentance low no, God and faith in Jesus Christ." Brethren, in e.ine;usi..ii, I wish yon much prosperity in this important, nnd 'flaking. May tin- building qitiehl aris-e, and ihu tupstono be brought forth with praise. " May tho beauty of tbe J-ord our God bp upon us, and may bo establish tho work of our baud-, upon us." Dr. Morton then briefly addressed the spec tators ; and after "staging the doxology, tho congregation retired to u large, pavilion, and . partodk of a Very ftmjJlo imd 'excellent' lurtcheon.' iijv a---»t mi > ' --1 )-> CJ , ! I i i TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. In tho ovontng, a tea meeting was held in tho Oddfellows' Hall in connection with the coro- monial of laying tho foundution-stono. Thoro was a largo attondanco of frionds, who partook of tho vory liboral and excollont supply of good things that tho kind ladios had supplied. Aftor ton, thoro was a public meeting, and the chair was occupied/ by Dr. Morton. Tito Rev. J. Gibson commottcod tho meeting with singing 11ml prnyer. Dr. Morton thou addressed tlio meeting briefly on tlio interesting service of tlio day, and urged union, zeal, and liberality in carrying on tlio good work begun. Tito socretary, Mr. Julm Galo, thou gnvo a fitiancial statement, and was followed by tho treasurer, — McKcllar, malinger of tlio Com mercial Batik. The. Revs. John Gibson, I'aterson (of Braid- wood), and Jones (Wesluytm), addressed tlio mooting at some longlli. Votes of thanks were then accorded to tlio ladies, the chairman, and thoRevs. Messrs. Gibson and Patorson, who bad travelled far to assist in the interesting core- mo ny. Tito mooting was closed with tho bonodiction. No meeting of Presbytery was bold, as tlio Rev. J. F. Mackenzie did not attend, 'i'lto next meeting will bo held in Goulburn. Tiik Railway Extknsiox. — As Parliament will not meet until tlio 11th prax., and as it is likely a deputation will bo sent to Sydney to agitate tlio claims of Yass to a terminus, until such timo as a greater length of tho railway lias boon mndo and oponed, it is not doomed necessary to hurry on a meeting of tlio Permanent Railway Exten sion Coinmitteo for a low days. Mean timo in quiries nro being instituted which may provo serviceable to the committee on its mooting to gether. Mr, Laidlaw, tlio convener of tlio com mittee, wo understand, is resolved to sparo neither timo, trouble, or cxpuuse in tlio matter, and wo bavo 110 doubt lie" will bo ably and roadily seconded in bis ellorts by bis fellow-townsmen. Tut: M kmiier rott tub Hume.— Mr. McLtuirin, tho member of tlio Assembly i'or the lluttio, arrived in Yass on Saturday last-, on bis way to Sydney to commence bis parliamentary duties. i \Yo understand Mr. McLtuirin intends to start j for -Sydney to-day. A o.-terday bo was waited ! upon by several gentlemen who t-alco tut interest ! in having tho railway brought into or near the towa, atnl solicited to join a local deputtiou ; to the Ministers, which is likely to ho sent ! to Sydney when tho House meets, and on his being informed of the fucts, bo consented to do ; so. An ell'ort, wo understand, is to bo made to induce nil the members of Parliament for Southern constituencies, as well as others who : may bo favourable, to join the ptoposed dopilta- ' tionon the matter of' bringing lite railway into, or 1 near to, Yass. Sr. Clem knt's Church, Yass.— On last Friday afternoon a meeting of members of tlio Clmrch of : England was held in St. Cleinont's schoolroom " lor tlio purpose of taking into consideration certain important matters connected with tho church." The itttdermotilioiu-d gentlemen wero . present— Messrs. W. F. Wilkinson, J. G. L. Williams, R. C. Mackintosh, .1. Shaw, R. AY. Pearson, T. Turner, and J. W. Briorly. Mr. \\\ ilkiuson was , olnd to tho chair. Mr. Mackin tosh moved, and Mr. Williams seconded, a motion that tho mceti'g should he adjourned till next 'I hursday, at four p.m., the inclemency of the wcallf-r having prevented .tinny front attending. '1 lie motion was carried unanimously. A con versation t lien arose amongst, tlio gentlemen present as to the best means to bo adopted for procuring increased subscriptions towards tho stipend fund —which, it appeared, was the object I'or which the meeting had been called— and Messrs. Williams and Turner volunteered to canvass Hie town for subscriptions, and to report the result to the meeting to lie held on Thursday. Una or two gentlemen also express d a hope that at. tbe adjourned meeting some ollicial informa tion would be supplied as to the position occupied by the Rev. Mr. Ifarpnr, and as to whether that gentleman was lucuni tencus I'or Archdeacon Lillingston, who had lcl'L on a year's leave of absenco, or whether he It. id uctuully heon already appointed incumbent of Yass. Tho meeting then -separated. -It. Augustine s .School. — Wo had Intel" an ; opportunity ol speaking most favourably of the ' great ability as a teacher displayed bv Mr. kiliuu!inn, the teacher ol -St. Augustine's (Catholic) school in las.-,; atnl we are now much pleased to l'-aru that Mr. -Shannon s execllctico as an in structor of youth It is been duly marked by tlio Council ol Kducat ion. In accordatico with article \- .>9 o| tlio reguhit ions, the Council bus promoted .Mr. Shannon from Class LIE, section A., to class 11., section B., and the increased -Salary attached to the promotion is to eommcnro from the 1st instai. i. By this advancement in his status as a teacher, Mr. Shannon becomes qualified to take charge 11I pupil teachers. 'Jim .Myiora Lead Mink. — AVo nndorstimd a few experienced miners ltavo passed through A ass with a view to exam, no uiid test the load mine at Mylor.i, near Binuiong, whieh was some years ago discovered and worked to a certain , extent. It is stated that- the present inspection ; is wit It a view to the formation of a joint-stock company for the opening up and working ol'tlio mine. ; Tut: Condemned Chinaman.— Tho other day tho governor of thu Yass gaol received instructions to inlorm tho unlbrtiinato Chinaman, To Kuan, that his execution had heon fixed fur tlio 11th proximo. It will bo remembered that Hits Chinaman was sentenced to death for wounding v. ith intent t.n kill a sltepliord near -Marengo, M uiy p rsons believe that To Kuan was not in Ins senses at the time lie committed the net ; and it i- certain that bo bad shortly before boon sent once.d to t lie A ass gaol for three months by tho Ijci.cii aL on tiio that ho was -supposed to bo insane. There is some talk of a petition being forwarded to the Executive pray ing that lie may be reprieved on this ground. W hen informed that the hist dread sontenco was to lie carried out, To Jveuti moroly remarked ".Me rather dio than ho in gaol all my lifo." Am ati; u it Entertainment.— Another excollont programme appears in to-day's paper for tho amateur entertainment to take placo 011 tlio evening of the Queen's birthday, Friday :ioxt. Tho procoeds, as on the last occasion, nro to bo devoted to tlio fund for purchasing instruments for a brass band in connection with the Yass Oddfellows' Lodge. On this occasion arrange ments are to bo tnado for scouring chairs and seats, in advanco ol'tlio hour of commencement, and with a vioiv to prevent tho best positions in tho ball being occupied by youths to the depri vation of ladies, Ac. AV"o hope to seo as lur"o and respoctablo an audience as on tho last occa sion. Tut; j.atb Accident to Mh. Dkask, op Bur- howa. — A correspondent supplies us with tho following particulars of the unfortunato aecidont whieh lately happened lo Mr. Deaso,jmrl which was briefly noticed in our last issue : — Early 011 rI uesdny morning last, as Mr. Doaso was leaving Mr. John Ryan's residence for Yass, and boforo bo was iitanly seated in his saddlo, his borso commenced buckjumping, when tho unfortunato gontloman was thrown violently on his bond, nnd received a sovoro concussion of tho brain. Ho remained insonsiblo for u considerable timo, and was removed to Mr. Ryan's hnuso, whoro ovory nttenc'cii - isj -aid to the sufferer. Dr. O'Connor was seat for. and under his t reatment ha rapidly recovorod consciousness. Wo regret to hoar that Mr. Dotifce has been greatly bruisod ond very much shaken by the full, and is still lying in a vory prostrate state at Mr. Ryan's. Tho saddest "foaturo, however, in tho caso is that his hearing has entirely loft him since the full, and ho is thoroughly u'ueonsoious of tho loudest noise mndo near his oar. This, added .to tho shortness of sight from which ho has long sulfored, makos his misfortune vory great, indocd. fciwt K- Races. — AVo prosumo tho racos announced fo next Friday will tnko place, but aro not in n position positively to intimnto tho fact, tho pro gramme having boon withdrawn from publica tion, nnd no furtho intimation made. Tho fol lowing ontrnncos woro, hoivovor, declared last Friday ercntnor for the handicap race : — Mr. G. Davis's blk. h. Doom, 7 st-. d lbs. Mr. M. Renrdon's ch. It. Trnnby, G st. -1 lbs. Mr. J. Douglas's g.g. Littlo Rat-, 7 st. Mixistehial Assumption or OrrtcE. — Tito fol lowing is nil explanation with which wo (S. 21. Herald) are favotircod of tlio circumstnncos attending tho entry of tho new Ministry into oflico : — Late in the aftornoon of Monday last, Mr. Burkes announced to his'Exeolloncy that the Ministerial arrangements wero complete, except as to otto of tho gentlemen named, wllo had not formally ncccptod the ollieo tendorod to him, although thero was no apprehension of a refusal. Mr. Burkes undertook to communicate tho tinmos to. Sir James Martin, anil it was then agreed that tlio now Cabinet should bo sworn in at 11 the next morning. At n qunrler-past 1 on that same Monday, the Executive Council met-, to disposo of tho ponding capital convictions, and of somo other outstanding matters ; and at its close, it being then nearly G o'clock, tbe Ministors woro informed of tlio arrangement for tlio next morn ing. On discussing tbe matter, and it being found that tlicro woro criminal informations to bo then lilcil, in cases actually ponding and for trial, it was felt that tho timo proposed was too short, and that a serious legal ditliculty might bo created by tlio sudden change. Consequently, AVodnosday morning was suggested ; and lis Excellency immediately dispatched a note to Mr. Burkes, telling him of tlio altered day. (Jn Tues day, at noon, Mr. Barkes called, representing that this delay would involvo tho necessity of an additional adjournment of the 1 louse for 110 pttr- poso, and a consoquoiit delay in tho issue of tlio new writs. To this suggestion, with the tnoilili- oation explained in the nolo to Sir James Martin, bis Excellency acceded; and thereupon (within tut hour ufLcrwanls) ti note was sent to Sir James, and delivorcd beforo 1 o'clock, of which tlio fol lowing is a copy: "Tuesday, noon. My dear Martin — I have soon Mr. Burkes, ami I am so porsuuded of the inconvenience to which tlio in coming Ministers would bo cxpnsod — and tlio Ifouso of Assembly also, in so no degree — by tho delay until to-morrow, of the swearing in of the Cabinet, that 1 have finally resolved on tlio follow ing arrangements, which will substantially bo in accordatico with lity (Incision last night, while they will avoid the inconveniences to which I allude, 1'. c., I shall isstio the several commissions to till the now Ministers, except Mr. Butler (who will resign, instoad of 'vacating' bis seat), this aftornoon at half-past 3. But nono of tlio Ministors will actually outer 011 any of tbe duties of ollieo until to-morrow morning. At Id to morrow I sluill swour in Mr. Butler and Mr. Sutherland ; previously (but not till to- tnorrow) issuing tho Connor's commission, so that 110 information filed by you to-dny can bo questioned. Yours truly, in haste, (Signed) Ali'hed Stephen." Sudden Death. — On Friday morning tho coroner bold 1111 inquest upon tho body of a youth natnod Patrick Mclllhatton, n eonfinoo, who diod in tho hospital at Darlitigliurst gaol 011 Thursday, the 9th instant. From tlio ovideneo of tlio principal warder, Mirhnul Burke, it nppenred that the deceased was received into tho gaol on tho 1st of May, under a sentence of three yoars" hard labour 011 tho roads, passod upon him by bis Honor Judge Cltoeke on tho Silt April Inst, at Yass, for an indecent" assault-. AYIien ad mit ted ho appeared to bo in dolicato health, and on the 8th instant was taken to tlio hospital, wltorc he remained until death took placo. Ho was seventeen years of age, and a native of 1 Bonritli. The evidoneo of Dr. Isaac Aaron, j visiting surgeon to the gaol, went to show that when ho examined the deceased thero were no symptoms ofuny serious disease; ho complained principally of being tillable to cat, for which tonics- woro prescribed; upon examining the body, found that death was caused by deteriora tion of tho blood, induced by poor living. Tho stumuch contained a largo quantity of decom posed blood. Tito jury' returned u verdict of died from natural causes. — S. .1/. Herald. Teach tins or Buovisiox.u, Sellouts. — Tho Al lowing letter appears in tho Goulburn Herald : — "Sir, — If thoro is 011c thing moro than another to which the attention of tho Council of Edttcu- t-ion and that of our now M.B.'s should be drawn, it is to the condition of tho abnvo class of teachers, I am of opinion that should any otto member of our new Parliament think it worth whilo to inquire into the mutter, be would not rest until a reform was effected. Tlio highest salary paid to this class of teachers is £-13 nor annum, or about ISs. 5fd. per week. This they roceivo provided t hoy have a daily average of twenty scholars; but should the number fall short, no mattdr what the c.ntso, tho month's salary is reduced 25 per cent. Now this class of school is only required in country districts where tho population cannot support by average a public school, and to support a provisional tlio children have to travel in tunny instances 'two. and sometimes threo, miles. In wot weather they find it impossible to got to scltool Lhrongh tho impassablo state of tlio roads and creeks ; but tho Council look at the flags on Sydney streets and say t hoy must, and rodttco tlio teacher's salary accordingly. Then in snunr.er mariy children are kept at homo to mind tho wheat — keep crows, pigs, Ac., from it. Tito toucher's average sailors. He writes stilting tlio c-nt.so ; but it is tin ttso ; his salary is again cut down. What is tlio reason for this ? Do tlioy want tho teacher to find croiv-wntchors for parents, cow-herds for others, build bridges and inako roads for others out of bis £'1-3 por annum ? It looks like it.. Ho is punished for parental neglect. Either thnt or the Council wish to re ward dishonesty. If a teacher's average is short, lie knows his salary will stiller; and tlio Council, liko Jerry Jurvis's wig, whispers in his ear, "mako it tip in your books ; lite committee won't know, nnd it's ull right." This needs reform. Tho next tiling I would draw their attention to is tho mattor of school-focs. For provisional schools thoro is 110 sealu laid down ; so tho metnbors of tho local board call a mooting and rogulato the fees. It is invariably Gd. por wook for ull ngos and clnssos oxcopt thoso in the alpha bet, which aro freo. Then thoro uro cortnin to bo somo on tho poor list; say tho avorugo 011 it bo four. This loaves sixteen pnying scholars, or eight shillings per week, making tho salary £1 Gs. 51(1. per woek. Now there nro many parents who think that tho teachor ought to bo glad to have tlioir children go to school so that I10 will ltavo his averago, without looking for school- fees; and tlioy aro not abovo tolling so; and knowing that tlioy bavo him in their power nnd that Ihoy aro backed up by tho Council of Educa tion, they do not hurry tbomsolves to pay. They at times appear anxious that you should take it out in goods, and if you do, tlioy chargo dotiblo which you can buy olsowhoro for; but you must tako this or nothing. But somo of thorn aro not ovon satisfied at gotting froo education, but draw your attention to Johnnio's baro foot and Jamie's baro seat, and oxpoct.tho teacher to covor them if he wants tliom at school— somo of stuno parents turning up their nose if you wnnt thorn to do a day's work. Now, to romody this, lot tho Council pay their touchers a sot salary ; attd let them allot tbo school-fees for tho Council, irrespective of averago. When tho paronts_ come to know that such is tho case, thoy will sond their cliildron far moro rogularly, and tho teachers won't be as misorablo as they aro ut prosent, many of them actually paying ront for tho houses in which thoy teach. Just imagino a family living on £1 6s. por woek. This is a joint salary for man and wife, as tho wifo has to bo presont to look aftor tho girls and teach them sowing, according to tho Council's rulos, and in spectors don't forget to toll thom so. Their condition is far below that of tho day labourer; and'BO far. has it fallen that I bavo heard .intelli gent youngiinon say "that they would tako a school whep, they could, not got work op tho roads,", Something ought | to . bp done, and that A . 1 : ; 1 .1 , 1 t t ; 1 1 'soon. A compulsory oducatiou bill might assist it. I' am sorry thnt I allowed myself to occupy so much of your spaco; but attention should bo drawn to this crying evil." j A Lunatic at Large. — A low days sirico Mr. Donnelly, of Boratnbula, catno across a misorablo croaturo in tbo bush upon bis run in a stuto of nlmost perfect nudity, rind, for the timo at lonst, but too ovidontly a lunatic. Mr. Donnolly at ouco socurcd ltiin, and took him to tho but of a splitter, where lie was clothed and looked after, and, tlio police having boon communicated with, lie was brought into \Yngga Wngga by coach in chargo of a constable, and admitted to tho hospital. Ilis naino is Robert Thompson, and Ito has but recently left tho Liverpool asylum, whoro lie bad boon for somo timo in confinement, ns, according to bis o.vn account in bis moro rational moments, bo also lias boon in sovoral otbor asylums. Ho states that ho was 011 his way to Adelaide, but lost himself in somo scrub ttoar Tareuttn, and was out in the bush two days nnd nights. J lo also states that his brother was formerly tbo owner of Llto Bark Hill station, near Hamilton, in tbo colony of Victoria. Since bis admission to tho hospital ho has attimos boon very violont, nnd has, consequently, been si source of great annoyance to the other pationts. — I fit 717a IVarjija Express. Mining sear Buiuiowa. — It 13 intended, we understand, to nt oitee form a company for the purposoof working tbo newly discovered copper initio at Langs' Creek. A shaft litis been sunk nearly twenty foot ; atnl tliooro obtained there from is said to bo unusually rich. Some speci mens ltavo been forwarded to Sydney for tbo pttrposo of being assayed ; and should tlio result prove us favourublo as anticipated, a largo number of men will at ottco be set to work to dovelopo tbo initio. — Tito prospectors of llto roof at Lang's Creole aro cont inning their labours, and tlioir now shaft is now down over thirty foot. Tito -stone being raised is said to be auriferous; but tlio rc-ef is very narrow. Tbo proprietors firmly boliovo their discovery to bo a valuable one ; and intend having some of the stono crushed witliouL delay.— -Advocate. AiUiVt.e Aouicui.TUitAi. Society.— A meeting of tbo ciJiiimitteo of Litis society has been called for Wednesday next to consider tlio propriety of winding up its atlairs. Tbe Argylc society is the oldost one of its kind itt tbo colony; but lor somo years past very little iatere.-t lias been taken in it, and for somo time it can scarcely bo said to bavo existed a' all. Under these circum stances probably tlio best thing that, can be done is to wind up its affairs. — Goulbuni Herall. IiEi'iuevb op Isabella O'Buien. — Uur readers, we aro sure, will bo glad to leant that on Thurs day afternoon last a telegram was received from tlio authorities in Sydney by Mr. Mmiicith, t.lte governor ol'tlio gaol, announcing the reprieve of tbo poor wretchedly ignorant being Isabella O'Brien, lying uitdor sonletico of death for tbo murder of hor infant child. Tbo sonlenco has boon commuted to imprisonment for lifo. Tbo news was, of course, immediately conveyed to the prisoner, and at first slto received it wiLh that stolid, careless, unthinking iudilforcnco which lias marked Iter whole conduct since hor apprehen sion and conviction. When asked by tlio gaoler, if site could not utter a prnyor%of thankfulness to tbo Almighty for tlio preservation of Iter life, sho seemed more moved, and, after a while, even her extraordinary nature gave way tinder llto revulsion of feeling that ensued, and slto burst into a violent fit, of weeping, raying tli.it she would endeavour to pray. Sho also expressed a ,s; rung dosiro to see her elder boy, of whom slto is passionately fond, uiid the child was aeeoniinuly brought, to her and sttll'ered to rem lie. with iior for a while. She lias of late bo,-n frequently visited by a priest -of tbo Roman (J-iliiolic G inreli, but still denies that she ever was guilty of tliu crime of throwing her child into 1 1 1 -> river. The thought of the possible exeeut Ion ol t his miserable, uncared- for, and untaught ere.itnru It. is iveigle-d heavily on the district ever since 1,,-r conviction, and all will rejoice that the E\i-c:t' ivo h ive listened to the prayer Ibr in-, rev, and thr.Llhe 1 1st dre. id sentence of tie1 i ev will not be carried out. Upon her. - -ll'll, /-,,(. il'e;.; 1. IH.,.: AS. ILuli.owal's Bills ash Oini.mlnt. — Inllneiizn, Coughs, and Golds. — In diseases of the throat and chest, so prevalent in our changeable climate, nothing so spo.-dtly relieves, or so certainly cures, as these inestimable remedies. These disorders are too often ic-gln-tcl at their coin- mencenient, or are injudiri-iii-dy tre.ced, result ing in either case in di.-n-! r-ot- eneseqn. dices. Whatever I he cnodit ion of t le1 p - t i"i.t , 1 1 olio way's remedies will restore, i! recovery he possible ; they will retard t.lm alarming symptoms t.i!l tin- blood is purified and nature consummates the cure, gradually restoring str-ngth nnd vital nervous power. By persevering in the use of llollowav's pis-para', ions, tote- i-- conferred on I lie stomach and frame generally. Thousands of persons bavo testified that by tbe us" of these remedies alone they have been restored to health after every other means had failed. 