THE "QUARTERLY REVIEW" ON SPIRITUALISM. The subject oí Spiritualism, or the oxistouo» of direct communication between tho disotn bodied spirits of the dead and tho souls of the living, ia acutely and temporately discussed ia the Quarterly Review for October, 1871. A synopsis of the arguments of tho writer, togs ÇhC* with a quotation of the more remarkable instances e'ted by hira, cannot fail to be of interest to thoiff who are inclined to beliero tho marvels related by the increasing circlo» of spiritualists in this city. The Quarterly reviewer commences by pointing out thai this so-called " new revala tion" is a very ordinary phase of those mental tendencies which lie at the bottom of all noted popular delusions of a similar character, and is, in fact, the natural product of the age. As bigoted Roman-Catholicism and Cal- vinism produced the convulsionaires and the " witches," so did the Rationalistic revolution (which, commencing in France, made its sure and rapid way throughout Europe) produce that materialistic superstition which seeks in a distortion of natural laws to account for phenomena apparently beyond the scope of ordinary knowledge. Thus Mesmer, claiming to be the apostle of tho gospel of personal vitality, and ascribing to nervous force a supernatural and terrifying dominion, founded a sect, tho mental descendants of which preached the wonders of electro biology and the miracles of tho " Odic force." The ad- vancing rationalism of the times substituted for the poetic theories of the German Psychists a practical and familiar exposition of the dealings of tho dead with the living, resting " not upon vague accounts of ghostly visita- tions witnessed by a few individuals, and on rare and solemn occasions—as when a murder was to be discovered or a bidden treasure revealed—but upon the familiar converse hold with departed relatives and friends by 'circles' sitting round a friendly table." The method of holding such con verse is too well known to need minute expla- nation. Spirits are presumed to take tem- porary possession of the bodies of persons fitted by mental and physical constitution to act as "mediums" for the transmission of ghostly thoughts to corporeal hearers, and by their agency such folk write poems, draw pictures, dictate sermons, compose melodies, are even carried through the air and transported through wood panels and stone walls without personal inconvenience. By the spirits acting through such well- disposed bodies, chairs and tables are lifted from the ground or drawn along the floor without the contact of human hands, and exquisite melodies are given forth by pianos, accor- dions, and guitars, without tho instrumentality of any but invisible performers. The necessity for these " mediums," which being as it it the gist and core of spiritualism, is tho very thing which is taken by our reviewer to cou tain the explanation of tho whole mystery. He asserts that "so-called spiritual communi- cations come from within, not from without, the individuals who suppose themselves to be the recipients of them ; that such in- dividuals belong to the class termed sub- jective by physiologists and psychologists; and that the movements by which they are expressed, whether tho tilting of tables or the writing of planchettes, are really produced by their own muscular action, exertod independently of their own wills, and quite unconsciously to themselves." The stories concerning tho floating of Mr. Home in the air, and tho transportation of Mrs. Guppy through a brick wall, he regaras as on a par with those relating to the witches of two centuries ago, whoso " transportation through tho air that they might take part in the unholy orgies of their creed, and hold sexual commerce with evil spirits, was not only testified in courts of justice by multitudes of witnesses, but was admitted by the cul- prits themselves, many of whom went to the stake with the heroism of martyrs, ' witness- ing a good confession' to what they honestly believed to be true." In brief, he considers all honest spiritualists victims either of self- delusions, cherished and cultivated by their mode of "spiritual" life, or parsons whose lack of scientific training or incapability of close reasoning and accurate appreciation of the value of evidence, makes them ascribe to that " unconscious muscular action" which ther superinduce in themselves the working of external and ghostly intelligences. "This doctrine of 'unconscious muscular action,'" says our reviewer, "is not, as the spiritualists allege, a 'bypothesis' in- vented for the occasion, but is one of the best established principles of phjsio logy, having its basis in daily and hourly experience, tbe only question being as to tho extent of its applicability. What is the ' beating of the heart' but unconscious mus- cular action? our consciousness being only affected by the movement when it makes itself felt by undue violence. What is the ' drawing of the breath' but involuntary muscular action, of which we only become conscious when we direot our attention to it That which is true of these instinctive or primarily- automatic movements is no less true-as was shown a hundred years sinec by Hartley-of many others, which, learned in the first instance by voluntary effort, become ' secondarily-automatic ' by habitual repetition. Has it never occurred to one of those objectors to be carried along by the ' unconscious muscular action' of his legs, whilst either engaged in an interesting conversation with a friend or deeply engrossed in a train of thoughts of his own, so that be finds himself at his destination before ho knew that he had done more than set out towards it? Could not almost any of our fair readers remember to have played a piece of music under circum- stances so distracting to her thoughts and feelings that she has come to the end without ' the least idea of how she ever got through it' ? And has not tho like experience oc- curred to many a member of the stronger sex, who has been called on, under similar cir- cumstances, to read aloud or to go through a public recitation ?" In support of this view be mentions as examples the cases of Houdin, tho con- juror, and Albert Smith, both of whom. were wont to go through their several performances quite automatically, play- ing and singing with appropriate ges- ture and facial expression, or performing feats "that would seem to require the most intense and unremitting attention," while their minds were " other wise occupied throughout." The objection of the spiritualist that such facts merely show that movements which have become " mechanical " by habit, maybe performed unconsciously, and that they afford no ground for affirming that such move- ments as obviously express ideas, or any other forms of mental activity, can take place with equal independence of tho will or freodom from unconscious exertion of tho muscles, is met by a series of extracts showing that "such a modus operandi has long been one of the admitted results of physiological science" :— " As far back as tho year 1814, a very impor- ant memoir was published by Dr. Laycock. (now Professor of Medicine in the TJuivursity of Edinburgh) on tho ' Reflex Action of the Brain.' in which he most distinctly showed that involuntary muscular movements take place in respondence not merely to sensations but to ideas ; and not merely at tho prompt- ing of ideas actually before tho mind, but through tho action of the substrata, left by past mental operations. Thus, for example, the convulsive paroxysm of hydrophobia may be excited not merely by the sigWt or the sound of water, but by the idea of water suggested either by a picture or by the verbal mention of it." In tho year 1852, Dr. Carpenter delivered a lecture at the Royal Institution on what he termed the ideo-motor principle. His views were at once accepted by many of the highest physiological authorities, so that when Pro- fessor Faraday was called upon to explaln the mystery of table-turning (then supposed to be due to electricity), he was able to refer to this physiological principle for an answer :— "This idea-motor principle,"said Dr.Carpen- ter, " finds its appropriate place in tho phy- siological system, which would, indeed, be im complete without it. And when it is once recognised, it may be applied to the explana lion of numerous phenomena which have been a source of perplexity to many who have been convinced of their genuineness, and who could not see any mode of reconciling them with the known laws of nervous action. These phenomena have been clearly proved to depend upon the state of expectant atten- tion on the part of the performer ; his will being temporarily withdrawn from the con- trol of his muscles by tbe state of abstraction to which his mind is given up, and the anti- cipation of a given result being the stimulus which directly and involuntarily prompts the muscular movements that produce it." Professor Faraday, moreover, did more than assert.' He invented a little instrument called the "indicator" (of which a full description is given by our reviewer in a foot-note), which, being placed under the hands of the "medium," gave immediate token of the exercise of any lateral muscular pressure When 'the operators—honest folks—were watching tho index-hand, and fearing lest it should move, tho table was quiescont ; when the tell-tale was hidden from their sight the table moved readily, and the index denoted muscular pressure. From this fact the re viewer draws what seems to us a natural con- clusion. "It may thus be considered as demonstrated that as the table never went round unless the 'indicator' showed that lateral muscular pressure had been exerted in the direction of its movement and as it always did go round when the ' indicator showed that such lateral pressure was adequately 'exerted, its motion was solely due to the muscular action of the performers," A variety of experiments were made by the reviewer to test the accuracy of his conclusions, and he asserts that in no case did be observe "manifestations" of this kind without there being a decided, if some- times concealed, expectation on the part of the "medium" of obtaining the reply finally receired. Of these experiments it must sluice to quote three. At a séance where a young lady had refused to shut her eyes when working the planchette, saying that such an operation on her part would imply "a want of faith," and having been induced to ask the "spirits" if they objected to her doing so, received for reply that they objected because such an operation would imply want faith. There was another lady who had been much astonished at the marvels shown her. "For," says the writer, "having been engaged a short time before in pro- moting a public movement, which had brought her into contact with a number of persons who had previously been strangers to her, she bad asked questions respecting them which elicited replies that were in many instances such as she declared to be quite unexpected by herself,-specially tending to inculpate some of her coadjutors as influenced by unworthy motives. After a little questioning, however, she admitted to us that she had previously entertained lurk- ing suspicions on this point, which she had scarcely even acknowledged to herself, for less made known to others ; and was much re- lieved when we pointed out that the planchette merely revealed what was going on in the under-stratum of her own mind. Her con- version to our view was complete, when on her trying the working of the planchette with her eyes shut, its pointers went astray altogether." This test, however, does not altogethet meet the arguments of spiritualists. " How," they ask, "does the doctrine of 'un conscious muscular action' account for the answers being often correct statements of facts not known either to the questioner or to any one at the table, and, in some instances, even contrary to their belief at the time?" For example, the question having been put at one of Mr. Dibdin's séances 'How many years it since Her Majesty came to the throne ?' the table struck a num lier which was subsequently found by the almanac to be the correct one, though no one present know the date of her accès sion ; and the question being afterward put as to the age of the Prince of Wales, the lUko result was obtained Phenomena of this nature are regarded by the reviewer as easily reducible to known scientific principles, of which they afford, in his opinion, peculiarly interesting exemplifi cations. The German psychologists, from the time of Leibnitz, have taught that much of our mental work is done without conscious ness; but this doctrine, though foreshadowed by Dr. Laycock in his work on the Reflex Action of the Brain, and systematically ex pounded by Sir W. Hamilton under the designation Latent Thought, has attracted but little attention from physiologists, until the publication, in 1853, of Dr. Carpenter work on " Unconscious Cerebration." Now, this work was published before tho phenc mona to the explanation of which tho reviewer applies it had been publicly developed ; and in applying a doctrine known and accepted in psychological and physiological science the anti-spiritualists cannot be accused of invent ing a theory in defence of their views. Our readers are sufficiently familiar with the stock examples of those who think with Dr. Ca penter to render it unnecessary for us to quote them as cited in tho Review. The usual illus trations of seemingly forgotten names, dates and faces being recalled by some peculiar act which awakens a train of thought, are givet and from these the notable instance of tte Welsh servant, who, having forgotten hs native tongue by long residence in England spoke fluent Welsh in the delirium of a death bed fever, is not omitted. Two remarkab cases, however, deserve quotation, A M Dibdin, a reverend gentleman who thinks table-talking tho result of satanic agency, has friend who holds an interview, as ho suppose with tho spirit of Edward Young, the authc of Night Thoughts, Young's "spirit" repeats lUne of poetry stated to be a paraphrase from the Book of Job, and upon the friend buyirg the Night Thoughts he finds tho line. Un fortunately the friend then remembers that he had Young's poems in the house all the time and had read the passage before, adding "My impression is that it is a latent idea, and that the table brought .ut," On anothor occasion, Mr. Dibdii being at a séance, doterminos to test ti religious tendencies of the table by puttir to it a series of theological questions, askir if it bo right to worship the Virgin Mary, Christ bo " God," and so on. Whon ho asl where Christ is at that moment the tab says "In Hell!" an answer which, as it mt be with ease imagined, breaks up ti circlo in moBt admirod confusion. "To us," says the Quarterly revio we " this narrativo seems to exhibit a typic examplo of the mental influence exorcisod c the tablo, in each case, through the ' uncoi scions muscular action' of the principal pe formers. The gentleman who received ti visit of the spirit of Edward Young had bee consciously thinking much about him, an had unconsciously stored np the impressic loft by a former perusal of his poems, whic reproduced itself in tho citation (through ti -unconscious action of his brain on his mu cular system) of a line that was likoly 1 havo particularly struck him. Thoiinnocei gaiety of his sister-in>law expressed,itself i the 'funny answers' and the boiial aolut tion, while tho gloomy .Calvinism of M Dibdin, wbioh had led him to a forogor .conclusion as to tho diabolical charactc .I tho manifestation, made the tab rap out its own condemnation by ti detestable heresies it gave forth." In point of fact, neither Mr. Dibdin, who ave that table-rapping is tho work of .tho devil there woro eome pious folk.in Melbourno wl said tho same of Miss Holler's performances sor tho spiritualist who believes «that ti tappings and motions are the result < Divine agency, are considered by theroriewi ito have tho beat of tho argument "Each is right in disbelieving the othor .doctrino, while each is wrong in maintainin _is own. Both aro 'possessed' neither b 'spirits of health1 nor goblins damned,' bl by dominant ideas, which act after their won in converting wbat measure of common sens the* may have ever possessed, and in bringin under their subjection that intelligent wi which ia man's most distinctive attribute." To tbo influence of these "dominan ¡deas" can also with propriety be attribute those marvellous cures which are stated to b performed hy " mediums" with the gift c iealJDg. The 'ewßdent anticipation of a cur is known to be sufficient m many instances j to absolutely bring it about, and from the days when Sam Johnson was "touched" for the king's evil, to the modern times when fashionables thronged to witness the thera- peutic marvels ' of Dr. Newton and the Zouave Jacob, credulous persona have been found who staunchly testify to the excellence of superstition, even more contemptible than the one now under discussion. The reviewer "here makes a point worthy the earnest con- sideration of believers in the doctrine he attacks. ' "It should not be lost sight of," says he, "in considering the curative influence attributable to 'faith,' that a most potent injurious influence may be exerted through tho samo agency. The 'spells' of witchcraft were by no means destitute of power over even princes and nobles in past times ; whilst tbey still often seriously damage the health of persons who are ignorant and credulous enough to believe themselves to be the subjects of them.Those who believe in the curative virtues of spiritualism, therefore, are equally bound to believe in the malign influence of 'evil spirits,' and should con daer it their peculiar mission to neutralise the spells of witches by invoking the assist ance of the moro benignant familiars, whom the 'healing mediums' have at their call. To us, on the other hand, it seems that the degree of ignorance and credulity of (so called) educated men and women, which has been brought to light by the doings of the ' Spiritualists,' is not less lamentable than that of which our police reports give evidence when a decrepit old woman is nearly beaten to death by a young farmer for having ' cast a spell' upon him, or when a credulous servant girl is cheated out of her sav- ings by a cunning old pretender to the power of ' ruling the planets.' " The last section of the article treats of those physical manifestations 'which have been from time to time adduced by the disciples of spiritualism as conclusive proofs of the exist- ence of powers unknown to men of science, which (as they aver) men of science have been repeatedly but vainly called upon to investi- gate and invited to witness, and in the reality of which, nevertheless, no man of any scien- tific reputation, in Great Britain at least, has until recently expressed his belief. The July number of the Quarterly Journal of Science, however, contains a paper by Mr. W. Crookes] F.R.S., entitled "An Experimental Investi- gation of a New Force." Most of the state- ments in this paper are authenticated ' by letters from Dr. Huggins, V.F.R.S., and Mr. Sergeant Cox, while a number of the Spiritualist for July 15 contains, in addition to articles by Lord Lindsay and the late Dr. Hare, of Pennsylvania, a reprint of the paper in the Quarterly Journal of Science, and a letter advocating spiritualism from Mr. Var- ley, the' well known electrician. It is with the statements contained in these articles that the Quarterly reviewer finally deals. In support of his assertion that those who give in their adherence to "spiritual" doctrines are men lacking scientific training or men incapable of appreciating the value of evi- dence, he proceeds to appraise the opinions of the writers in the Journal of Science. Dr. Huggins he admits to be a man of attainments, and, as a "scientific amateur," a writer worthy of consideration. As a spectroscopic observer, Dr. Huggins has been long and favourably known to the world of science, but it is his very specialty as a spec* troscopist which, in our reviewer's opinion, should cause his statements on a question of experimental inquiry to be received with caution: 1 ' There can be no question that such seien, tifie amateurs labour, AS a rule, under a gravt disadvantage, in the want of that broad bash of general scientific culture which alone can keep them from the narrowing and pervertinc influence of a limited specialism. And we have no ' reason to believe that to this rule Dr. Huggins constitutes an exception. 01 his acquaintance with any other departmenl of science than the small subdivision of o branch to which he has so meritoriously devoted himself, we are not aware that he has given any evidence whatever. And we believe that his habits of thought were formed and fixed before he entered into that association with a justly dis- tinguished professor, wbioh unquestionably laid the foundation of his subsequent success. In particular, we bolieve that his devotion to a branch of research which tasks the keenest powers of observation, has prevented bim from training himself in the strict methods of experimental inquiry and that the implicit trust he has beor rightly led to place in the revelations of hi: spectroscope has tended rather to weaken, tuan to strengthen, his power of detecting thf fallacies of observation in other matters. Te him ' seeing is believing ;' but to those whe have qualified themselves for ,tho study o: 'psychic force' by a previous course o: investigation into the class of ' oocult' pheno mena of which this is the latest manifestation 'seeing' is anything but ' belioving.' The] know that there are moral sources of- error, o: whioh Dr. Huggins, with his simple trusting ness would nover dream, and that one of thi most potent of these is a proclivity to believi in the reality of spiritual communications which places those who aro not con stoutly on their guard against its infiuenco under the twofold danger of deception alike from within and from without." With Mr. Crookes, the editor of the Journal of Science, he is less tender " Mr. Crookes acquired his place in scieno by the application of spectrum analysis to tho detection of the new metal thallium, the properties and chemical relations of which he studiod with care and accuracy. For this discovery he was rewarded by the fellowship of tho Royal Society, but we speak advisedly when we say that this distinction was con ferred on' him with considerable hesitation tho ability he displayed in the investigation being purely technical. We are assured, on the highest authority, that ho is regardei among chemists as a specialist of specialists being totally destitute of any knowledge of chemical ' philosophy, and utterly untrust worthy as to any inquiry which requires more than technical knowledge for its successful conduct. He committed himself in th pages of his journal, 15 months ago, to ai expression, 'in the most emphatic man ner,' of 'his belief in tho occurrence under certain circircumstances, of phene mena inexplicable by any known nature laws;' whilst, at the same time, he ad mittcd that he had not employed the tost which men of science had a right to demand before giving credence to the genuineness of those phenomena. Hence ho entered upon the inquiry, of which he now makes publi tho results, with an avowed foregono conclu sion of his own, based on evidence which he admitted to bo scientifically incomplete ; amd this obviously deprives his 'conviction of their objective reality ' of even that small measure of value to which his scien tific character might have given it : claim, if his testimony had been impartial." Lord Lindsay the reviewer proves out of hi own mouth to be a gentleman who takes th statements of Home and others on trust witli out investigating them, and avers that in th matter of Home's aerial ride (tho spiritual^ is stated to have been carried out of one window and into another through aperture of 18 inches, tho windows being 70 feet fror tho ground) his lordship had "surrendered him self unreservedly to the belief in Mr. Home 'occult' powers, and that his testimony ii therefore, to be received with the graves suspicion." Dr. Hare he considers to fa egregiously in apprehending the essentit conditions of many questions which tha gentleman put to "experimental test," an on which he pronounced himself satisfied tbo reviewer giving the following instanc in support of his assumption. The partícula experiment has been so boldly cited as coi, elusive, and has been so much talked of arnon "spiritual" circles in Melbourne that w risk todiousness, and extract the reviewer' commonts at length . "A board about 4ft long was made to res on »fulcrum at a foot from oneof its ox tremí ties, and consequently at 3ft. from tho other and the longer end was attached to i weighing-machine that indicated any down ward pressure which might be applied to am part of that arm of the lever. A glass vasi WAS fixed, mouth upwards, on the boord having its centre at a distance of Oin. fron tho fulcrum, on tho same Bide as the weighing machine ; and, as the distança oi thi weighing-machine from the fulcrum was si: times i that of the centre of the vase, an; pressure exerted on the latter must havoboei six times that indicated.by the weighing machine. Tho vam having been nearly Jillet with water, a wire gauze cage was so arranged as to descend into it, »'medium was induced to plunge his hands, clasped together, to the bottom of the cage, and Dr. Hare then invoked ' the aid of his spirit friendB.' A downright force, he assures us, was repeatedly exerted »upon the end at the board appended to the balance, equal to nearly 31b. weight ; equiva- lent, therefore, to 181b. at the centre of the vase. Yet itnever seems to have occurred to Dr. Hare to test whether ho or anyone else could not produce the same depression by the rhythmical action of repeated downward im- pulses given to the cage, which would be communicated to the vase through the fric- tion of the waters in rising through tho pores of the wire gauze. Knowing what we do, of the extraordinary results of the cumulative force of very small vibratory impulses rhyth- mically repeated, we have no difficulty in accounting for the result of Dr. Hare's ex- periment, without any aid from his 'spirit friends.' Had our own Faraday taken part in such an investigation, he would have considered it his first duty, os a scientific man, .to test the performance of his instru- ments : but this seoms to have been entirely beneath the consideration of a philosopher who was bent only upon obtaining a ' preoise experimental proof of the immortality of the soul.' And yet this is the man whose ' spirit' seems to have been allowed by Messrs.Crookes and Huggins to direct their investigations." Of Mr. Serjeant Cox it is briefly remarked that "whatever maybe his professional ability, he is well known to those convorsant with the history of mesmerism as one of the most gullible of the public as to whatever appeals to his organ of wonder." Mr. Varley, who "sees the spirits themsolves and talks with them," is quoted "merely as an example of the manner in which minds of this limited order are apt to become the dupes of their own imaginings." In faot, the conclusion arrived, at by our reviewer on the now notorious "experiments" of Lord Lindsay and Messrs. Crookes, Home, Huggins, and Cox is, that their value as scien- tific tests is 7iii-that in the" test experiment" of "altering the weight of bodies," Mr. Home was in a position to press the machine with his fingers-that such pressnre would offeot the result marvelled at-that Dr. Huggins's 1 apparatus did not provide for the detection of the application of the pressure, nor did Dr. Huggins and his confreres take other "sufficient means to detect it-that Home did press, that such pressure was probably inten- tional; but that, had Home been perfectly honest, unconscious muscular action would ' have produced precisely the same result ! In the same relentless way he looks at tho ac- cordion' and cage trick, of which he says : " It will bo quite time for us to consider how this performance is to be explained when it shall have been repeated in open daylight (without any cage), above instead of under the table, and in the presence of trustworthy witnesses, who should carefully' record all the particulars in which Mr. Crookes's narrative is deficient In the meanwhile, it is worthy of remark that it is tbe accordion which is usually selected as the favourite instrument of spirit-mediums ; and that the performance on this instrument with one band is ia juggling triok often exhibited at country fairs. The reviewer, indeed, has no great faith in the honesty of the more notorious me-, diums, " We have constantly found that when we bave gono simply as spectators-when our sceptical disposition was not known-when no indication of incredulity or even of doubt was given, either on our own part or on that of others, by word,'look, or sign-wben (in fact) the performers had it all their own way, like conjurors at a public performance, at which the spectators are prepared to be taken in-the conditions are all favourable to the flow of the pecuUar force- mesmeric, psychic, or spiritual, as its advocates may choose to designate it. When, on the other hand, the performers are awaro that their proceedings are being scrutinised by critical and intelli- gent eyes ; when they know that it would be fatal to their pretensions were they to be detected in deceptions which they can safely practise on the credulous ; and when (to save appearances) they havo accepted tests which tbey know must prevent them from even attempting these deceptions, the ' unaccount- able' ebb takes place, and the results are entirely negative. This is what happened to a committee of scientific men which met Mr. Home some months agp at St. Petersburg. Mr. Homo's force being at a minimum, no manifestations were vouchsafed. 'The same thing,' says Mr. Crookes, 'has frequently happened within my own experience. A party of scientific men met Mr. Home at my house, and the'results were as negative as those at St. Petersburg. Instead, however, of throwing up the inquiry, we patiently repeated the trial a second and a third time, when we mut with results which were positive.' We doubt uot that during these seances Mr. Home was taking the measure of those who had met to take his; and that when he found them sufficiently impressed with the reality of his psychic force to attribute to it the rippling of the surface of-water in a basin, which was really produced by the tremor occasioned in Mr Crookes's house hy the passage of a railway train close to it, he considered them ripe for its further manifestation." Six " samples" of such unsatisfactory occur- rences are given. One occurs in which tho re- viewer observing that a table is induced by a "medium" to stand erecton one leg, examined it somewhat minutely, and finds that the edge of tbe clawfoot and the edgo of the castor bear on the ground together, so as to afford a base sufficient for the table to rest on. At another 'the "circle" declare the table to bave risen a foot into the air, and our roviewet states that he is positivo " one foot, at all events, never loft the ground ;" while Foster, the celebrated American, whose cleverness brought him large sums of money, was do tected in something Uko absolute fraud. "We were requested by a lady who had known Mr. Foster in America to accom. pany her and her son-in-law (an eminenl London physician) on a visit to Mr. Foster, who had arrived in London only a few day: previously. We were not introduced to him by name, and wo do not think that he could have had any opportunity of knowing oui person. Nevertheless, he not only answered, in a variety of modes, the questions we pul to him respecting the time and cause of the death of several of our departed friends and relatives, ¡whoso names we had written down on slips of paper which had been folded ut and crumpled into pellets before being placeo in his hands, but he brought out names anc dates correctly, in large red letters, on hil bare arm, the redness being produced by tin turgescence of the minute vessels of the skin, andpassingaway after a few minutes like t blush. We must own to havo been stronglj impressed at the time by this performance but on subsequently thinking it over, w< thought we could see that Mr. Foster's divin ing poweriwas partly derived from his havint acquired ¡the faculty of interpreting th< movements of the top of a pen or pencil though the point and what was written by ii was hid from his sight ; and partly from { very keen observation of tho indication! unconsciously given by ourselves of the auswei ne expected. For though wo were fullj armed with tbe knowledge which (as the readers of our former article will remember had been acquired of the source from whicl Mrs. Hayden drew her inspiration and did oui utmost to repress overysignof anticipation, w( came, on reflection, to an assured convictior that Mr. Foster had been keen-sighted enough todeteotsuch signs, notwithstanding our attempt to baffle him. For, having asked him the month of the death of a friend, whose name had previously appeared in red letters on his arm, and the year of whose death had also been correctly indicated in another way, he desired us to take up the alphabet-card and to point to the successive letters. This we did, as we believed, with penduium-like regularity ; nevertheless, dis tin et raps wore heard at tho letters J, U Wben, however, on tbo next repetition, wt came to L, M, N, Mr, Foster was obviously baffled. He directed us to ' try back' two oi three times, and at last confessed that he could not certainly tell whether the montt was Jnno or July. The secret of this was, that we did not ourselves recollect. Wishint to clear up tho matter further, we called or Mr. Foster, revealed ourselves to him iii ptoprid persona, and asked him if he would object to meet a few scientific investigator! who should bo allowed to subject his powors to fair tests. As he professed his readiness te do so, we brought together such a meeting al our -own Ihouso ; and previously to Mr, Foster'« arrival we explained to our friondt the arrangements we proposed. One of these was, tbat one of the party should sit outside tbe 'circle,land should devote himself to ob- serving and'recording all that passed, withoul taking any part whatever in the perform- ance. Anothor was, that instead of writing I down names on slips of paper whilst sitting at the table within Mr. Fos ter's view, we should write them at_ a side table, with our backs turned to him. On explaining these arrangements to Mr. Foster, he immediately said that the first could not be permitted, for that every person t present must form part of the circle. To the second be made no objection. After handing him our slips of paper carefully folded up, we took OUT seats at the table, and waited for the announcement of spiritual visitors. The only one, however, who presented himself during an hour's séance was the spirit of our own old master, whose name Mr. Foster might very readily have learned previously, but about whom he could give no particulars whatever. Not one of the names written on tbe papers was revealed.-The patience of our friends being exhausted, they took their leave ; but as Mr. Foster's carriage had_been ordered for a later hour, we requested him to sit down again witb the members of our own family. ' Now,' we said, ' that these incre- dulous philosophers are gone, perhaps the spirits will favour us with a visit.' We pur- posely followed his lead, as on our first inter- view, and everything went on as successfully as on that occasion ; until, whilst the name of a relative we had recently lost was being spelled out on our alphabet-card, the raps suddenly ceased on the interposition of a large music-box, which was set up at a preconcerted signal so as to hide the top as well as the bot- tom of our pointer from Mr. Foster's eyes. Nothing could more conclusively prove that Mr. Foster's knowledge was derived from observation of the movements of the pointer, although he could only see the portion of it not hidden by the caro, which was so held as to conceal the lower part of it ; and nothing could be a better illustration of the principle of 'unconscious ideo-motor action' than the fact that whilst we were most carefully ab- staining from any pause or look from whi>h bo might denve guidance, we had enabled him to divine the answer we ex- pected. The trick by which the red letters were produced was discovered by the inquiries of our medical friends." But the climax of "spiritual" wonders the climax which seems to have produced the crushing article we are condensing-is reached by a Mr. Herne, of 61 Lambs Con- duit-street, who is conveyed in open day, by invisible agency, into a room in the house of a Mr. i Guppy, No. 1 Morland-villas, High- bury-hill Park, the doors and windows being all closed. "A fortnight afterwards a return visit was, , paid by Mrs. Guppy to Mr. Herne ; the lady being brought by invisible agoncy into a room measuring 12ft. 'by 10ft, of which the doors and windows were closed and fastened, and coming 'plump down,'in a standing position, upon tho centre' of a table ronnd which 111 persons were sitting, shoulder to shoulder, in a dark séance. Mrs. Guppy was evidently not a consenting party to this transportation, for she was in a state of com- plete unconsiousness and of partial désliabille, having neither bonnet shawl, nor shoes ; ana she seems to have been rudely interrupted by her spiritual captors whilst making up her I household accounts, as she held an account book in one band and a pen with the ink still wet in the other." The narrator of these events is a Mr. Benjamin Coleman-the same, we presume, who wrote the preface to Scepticism and Spiritualism, lately reviewed in our columns -and he expresses his delight at not being "fettered by scientific education." Mr. Coleman recounts many wonderful things of the "young man by the name of Guppy," whose drawing-room is often 'spiritually' filled with flowers, fruit, snow, and ice, the latter ' ' in pieces as largo as the fist, in such quantity as to require a man servant to take it away." Indeed the " sublime philosophy of spiritual- ism" seems in the case of the , Guppy family to bave run to mountebankery, for the Spiritualist gravely informs its readers that " two live lobsters were placed in the hands of a Miss Thom." Unluckily, tho room was dark, and no one saw the ghosts of these intrusive crustacea;. Witb the believers in such stories as these, what amount of reason- ing would prevail 1 As our reviewer says "None can be more ready than ourselves to admit tbat 'ridicule is not the test of truth ;' but there are some subjects-and we believe this to be one of them- as to which ridicule has a wholesome power of checking the spread of pernicious error. We have gravely ;discussed many of the phenomena wbich are adduced as evidences of ' spiritual ' agency, for the purpose of showing that, like others which had previously presented them- selves under different names, they ore really produced by the unconscious agency of the individuals through whose ' mediumship ' they are exhibited ; and that their occurrence affords new and interesting exemplifications of physiological and psychological principles previously known and accepted. But when we are called on to believe in the ' lévitation' of tho human body, and in the power of incorporeal spirits to move heavy masses of matter without any'ostensible agency, to make an accordion play > tunes without the working of its bellows or its keys, and to evolve fruits and flowers, snow and ice, live lobsters and the hands of departed friends, out of the depths of their own consciousness, the question is one to be decided, not by an elaborate discussion, but by direct appeal to educated common sense. Is it more likely that these marvels actually occurred as narrated, or that the witnesses to them were deceived by their own imagmings ?" Tbe cause of this spiritualistic epidemic is acutely alleged to be the deficiency of early scientific training ; " Such training ought to include-(1). The acquirement of habits of correct observation of the phenomena daily taking place around us; (2). The cultivation of the power of reasoning upon these phenomena, so as to arrive at general principles by the inductive process ; (3) The study of the method of testing the validity of such inductions by ex- periment ; and (4) The deductive application of principles thus acquired to the prediction of phenomena which can be verified by ob- servation. We speak with knowledge when we say that a tenth of the time which is devoted, in an ordinary school curriculum, to the study of abstractions, will suffice for the culture (if judiciously directed) of the power of1 bringing the reasoning faculties to bear on objective realities, not only without disadvantage to his other studies, but witb a manifest improvement in the pupil's power of apprehending the real meaning of ab- stractions wbich bad previously perplexed him. Now, it is among purely literary men, whose minds have seldom been exercised upon anything but abstractions, that we have witnessed most ready surrender to the seduc- tions of spiritualism; the distinction be- tween objective realities and tho creations of their own imaginations being often extremely ill-defined ; and the testimony borne by science to the want of trustworthi- ness of what they assume to bo the evidence of their own senses, being scornfully repu- diated. On the other hand, those who have either gone through the discipline of such an early scientific training as we have advo- cated, or have (like Faraday) conscientiously imposed it upon themselves at a later period, are usually tbe last persons -to become ' pos- sessed' by the delusion of this pseudo-science; or, if they should have perchance been at- tracted by them for a timo, they speedily 'come to discern their fallacy." Such is a necessarily rough outline of an article remarkable no less for the scientific acumen of the writer than for the mingled temperance, tenderness, and vigour with which ho deals with the most remarkable popular delusion of modern times. Comment is unnecessary. Wo recommend the earnest perusal of tho original to all persons who pos- sess, in the language of Mr. Home, " a pro- clivity to spiritualism." AT the village of Buzululs, near Odessa, 800 bouses have been burned. These fires are of constant occurrence, and aro attributed to a fanatical Russian sect of Nihilists. , In consequence of tho retirement of Mr. Sullivan from the candidature for the South Province (says the West Bourke Guardian), Mr. Homilton had an easy victory. Boing tho only candidate he was declared duly returned on the nomination day. It has been reported that the losing candidate intends to try con- clusions with Dr. Dobson in August next, who retires from the Council by effiuxion of time ; but we attach little weight to the report. Mr. Sullivan had a chance of succeeding against his lato opponent who was entirely unknown as a legislator, bat he will meet with a most humiliating defeat if he attempts to face Dr. Dobson at tbo next contest , Tbe doctor bos been tried and found competent and trustworthy. It would be unwise ,to discharge a good and faithful pnblio servant ; a re-engagement' of his ser- ' vices would be a far more becoming proof of wisdom, and on evidence that the electors know how to appreciate'and reward legisla-, I tive talent bud JU honest employment..,' ' J 