HUMBUG HUMBUGGED. :', The New York correspondent of the Cincinnati Commercial ' , (November 28), communicates the following paragraph % “The Herald of to-day, prints a remarkable story with reference to certain spiritual manifestations which are alleged to have taken " place last summer in Mr. Beecher’s Church. It is stated that Sunday after Sunday a table standing under a little desk at which Mr. Beecher preached showed signs of being thrilled by the great divine’s eloquence. The table was used by the reporters. It was " during one of Mr. Beecher’s bursts of impassioned eloquence, while in prayer, that the presence of something supernatural mani fested itself to the affrighted reporter, who states that the table ... began to move to and fro, slowly at first, then faster and faster, With a half 'tremulous, sliding motion, that filled the spectators with terror. As “ amen ” closed the invocation to the Deity for wisdom to know the right and strength to hold fast to it, the dumb furniture tipped up and down, so violently, indeed, as to throw the pencils of the scribes upon the floor. Through the Sermon the manifestations were even more marked., These things, wonderful as they are, occurred not once or twice, but many times. They were only, stayed by.the displacing of this set of reporters to other tables.” After this paragraph, in the above correspondence, a lengthy statement of a spiritualist follows, on which the alleged fact is said ' to be based. : That such a thing did not happen in Beecher’s Churchj or anywhere else, we hardly need tell our readers, who know well . enough that all the spiritual manifestations, first and last, a,re one vast' mass of humbug and delusion, practised and believed by impostors, benighted and deluded deceivers, victimised and fooled children, although a few years older than their babies. That the New York Herald and the Cinchmaii Commercial give publicity to so disgraceful a "superstition, bewildering the minds of the illiterate masses, is justifiable only on the principle that sooth sayers and fortune-tellers also are advertised, if they pay for the space occupied, although we do not exactly appreciate such business principle, being, perhaps, too much of an idealist. That such hobgoblin trash is imposed on intelligent readers as editorial . reading matter in journals so popular and so widely circulated, appears outrageous to us. It is an outrage on the science, philo sophy, and criticism of the nineteenth century. It is a disgrace to the common sense of the American people. It is a prostitution of the public press. If this sensation wickedness has not been gotten up by the publishers of Mr. Beecher’s books and sermons, or by the managers of his church, to attract attention to Saint Beecher and his prayers endorsed by hobgoblins; if the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, as a gentleman and scholar, a divine and an author, is no partner to this crime committed on reason, divine or human, which we think he is not, then we expect an explanation of the gentleman himself, to let the world know that it is not his fault,,if others lie on his account. * Since history records, no superstition more senseless and absurd, more, revolting to reason and science, or more ridiculous and childish has been promulgated than the ghost stories of modem spiritualism, begotten in ignorance, wrought in darkness, and imposed on credulous arid thoughtless individuals. Why do those devils or spirits never appear to us who continually converse with the greatest men of the past by their books? Why have those \- insolent ghosts never ventured to meet us, who live perpetually in a world of ideals and ideas ? If they can, let them come and argue the question with us, whether tables moved, if moving they are, must be moved by ghosts ? The spirits are cowards. They always tease the timid and fool-hearted ; if they do appear in any shape or form, let them once call on Professor Agassiz on Huxel, or Lewes; let them come to: men of learning and disclose the gre^t mystery of existence. But no, they insist upon doing small .. business. They play comedy for pigmies, converse with those V who reason not, gratify childish curiosity, and tease cowards. Why APPEARS NO SPIRIT TO SOME GREAT MAN ? WHY DOES NO SPIRIT DISCLOSE TO US MORTALS ANY THING NEW AND UNKNOWN ? -^-Cincinnati Israelite. • - 