GENERAL 'NEWS. No business was brought before the Supremo Court this (Monday) morning. The Court adjourned till Thursday next. We are requested to state that the in sertion of' the name of Mr. A. 0. Johnson, of Auburn, in the list of competitors in the Two Miles Walking Handicap, -which came off on the Exhibition ground at Mr. Bird's entertainment on Saturday, was wholly unauthoiised. "The. following gentlemen have been appointed a Commission to enquire into .the condition and management of the Polica ForceMr. Sheriff Boothby, Mr. S. Tom kin son, J.P., :the Hon. W, MorgaH, M.L.C., Hon. P. Santo. M.L.C.; Mr. J. P. Bouc«ifc, M.PM Mr. "W. Towiisehd, M.P., and Mr; M. bolo-.. mon, M.P. ' ;■"< We are informed by Captain Samuel TerrelJ, who has for some time had the manage ment of the Sliding Bock Mine, that the cause of his leaving is that he has received a first-class appointment in New South Wales, and not ihat he ha3 any dissatisfaction with the sliamg Kock, of which he still entertains the highest opinion. . The following is a copy of a telegram from the Hon. the Colonial Secretary of Queens land to the Hon. the Chief Secretary, South Australia, which was received on Saturday, re ferring to the successful establishment ot tele graphic communication between Adelaide and Port Darwin:—"I congratulate you on this successful result of your very plucky under taking, and. have- comumnicatsd. your telegram to both Houses." The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur day and the same hour on Mondays August 26, is registered as follows :— ■ . Adelaide " ' ... 0'240 Rtrathalbyn ... 0*180 Gawler ... 0-200 Willunga 0 760 Blanchetown... 0*010 Normanville ... 0'610 Kapunda ... 0130 Port, Elliot ... 0*403 Auburn ... 0'160 Goolwa ... 0*330 Moonta ... 0*090 McGraths Flat. 0130 Clare 0 070 Kobe Town ... O'OLO Burra ... ... 0130 Penola .. ... 0 010 Melrose ... 0*460 Gumeracha .... ObaU Mount Barker.. 0:610 j The following is Monday; morning's weather report on the Adelaide mnd Port Darwin LinePort Augusta, S., light, fine; Bel tana. N., fresh, showery; ' Strangways Springs, ' S.W., overcast;" The - Peaks, W„ very fresh, clear, fine Alice Springs, S.W., fresh, fine, clear; Barrow's Creek, S., fresh, fine; Tennant's Creek, S.E., fine; Daly Waters, N.N.W., fine ; Katherine, calm, fine ; Port Darwin, E., light, clear, pleasant. No change in cable. A temperance meeting was held in the York Kechabite Hall, on Friday evening, 2 ird instant, under the auspices of the South Aus tralian Temperance League and Band of Hope Union. There v/as a very fair attendance, and Mr. Crossman presided,- The meeting having been opened by singing and prayer,-the Chair- j man gave a good opening - address. Messrs, Mcftinlay, Mndge, A. Headdy, severally spoke upon the evils of intemperance,- and the bles sings of total abstinence. Some good music w^3 discoursed during the evening by the Belt Choir, Mr. Jame3 as leader. Some excellent ; recitations were delivered; by Messrs. Stacks and James, and MissCrossman. This closed the programme, and a vesy pleasant evening; was brought to a close at 10 o'clock. From Auckland telegrams published in the Nelson papers we (Melbourne Argus) learn that on the 9th instant Captain Harding, of the Nebraska, was proceeded against at the Police Court, Auckland, fon breach of the quarantine regulations. The Crown Prosecutor conducted the caie. Mr. Burgess, Harbour Master, deposed to the captain stating positively that he had ho sickness on board. He admitted, however, that he had never furnished Captain Harding witn harbor or quarantine regulations. William Mitchell, passenger, deposed that a man con-, nected with the engineer's department was sick, and that he . slept in the second cabin, not far from the-mail Lags. An eruption came out all over his body, and the pustules had mattery tops. Witness had seen small pox, and believed that was a case, and-had j told the purser so. The man took sick nine days before the arrival of the vessel at Auck land.-' When the vessel arrived witness saw the man walking about in the cabin, with the erup tion drying up. , Bruce, .the* brother of .the rick man, deposed that he visited him the j day the ves-.el arrived at Auckland, and he had j blotches on his skin then, and told him that he had been. off. duty for :three weeks. -Be did not come ashore, but went; down south with the steamer, . This was the - case for thejj prosecution. . Dr.. Yohnger, in defence, deposed that Bruce was suffering, from pneumonia. The captain asked witness to ex amine him, and see whether he was attacked with! smallpox. He olid so, .and reported that he was not. The defence.offered .to call wit nesses to provo that both Thompson and Kaye went ashore at Wellington several dajs before the disease manifested itself. The Kesident. Magistrate replied that there was no necessity; and as it appeared that no: copies of the regu lations had been given to Captain Harding, who was not acquainted with what was required, otherwise the decision might" have been dif erent, he felt bound to. dismiss the ca3e. The case was dismissed accordingly. Other tele grams state that all the Nebraska's passengers had been released from quarantine,. The following is the Port Darwin weather report for August 25 :—Port Darwin, wind, W., light; cloud, 10, fine. We learn that Yam's Creek Telegraph Station, in the Northern Territory, ib now open for the receipt and dispatch of messages. We have been shown a beautifully executed pen-an-ink sketch of the. splendid^ skip Annie Duihie. The size of the picture is 3 feet by 4 feet. It is the production of Mr. K. H, A., Braddock, and. reflects great credit on his artistic capabilities. We learn that the noble sum of £75 2s. 21. has been handed over to Mr.'William Townsend, -M.P., as tho net -proceeds of the entertainment given at the Theatre by the Benevolent Dramatic Society, in aid of the Belief Fund for the wives and families of the boatmen who. were recently lost in the Gulf. The programme for the Carandinisj third, concert in, tli8 Town. Hall to-night is published in our business columns. We beg also to draw; attention to the offer made by Madame Carandini and her company to give a concert in aid of the charitable institutions of Adelaide." This Secretaries of these institutions are requested to make,the,necessary applica tions to Mr. Sher win. . Madame .Cora's farewell entertainment at White's Kooms on Saturday evening was very largely patronised.. During the evening Madame thanked the public for their liberal patronage,- and intimated that she .would again pay Adelaide a'visit. : As usual a variety of gifts were distributed, including that of .a live sucking-pig, and considerable merriment was excited when the recipient stepped forward to receive his prize. : On Saturday evening considerable; ex citement was. caused by two horses, attached to a four-wheeled van belonging to Mrs. Mulling, of Lobethal, bolting along Kundle-street. They proceeded as far as the Stag Inn, wheii they turned into East-terrace, and careered ioutk ward. P.O. Mooney followed them as far ss Pirie-street, bat could not get near them. A young man named Hammond also followed ;as far as the Vine Inn, on the Glen Osmond-road, but could not see or hear anything of them. The following telegram, dated August 25, from Mr. Litt'e, the fetation-Master at Port Darwin, has been handed to us by Mr. Ounningham for publication:—" Fletcher spoke from Yam Creek at 10 p.m. - Gold-fields are at Westcott's Creek, about two miles from line. Distance from Port Darwin, 120' miles;' from • Southport, 80. Forty diggers, on field. Very little prospecting has been done. Two parties have found two pennyweights to the load, which they say will pay in the rainy season. Very unwise for any one to come unless well provided with stock, drays, and rations, as country is quite impassable iu wet season, and no provisions on field. No change in cable." On Thursday afternoon Mr. Michael Dowling left Kapunda in a German waggon, and when he had proceeded as far a? St. John's he stopped the waggon and got down. As he. endeavored to get up again,his foot slipped, and the horses starting forward he was thrown to the ground, and both wheels of the waggon which was fortunately, empty, passed over his head. It is almost inconceivable that.he was not killed on.the:Bpot, but fortunately no fatal ibjurics'were sustained. A deep gash on the I face and some severe bruises were all the in 7 uries-autainedj arid after medical assistance had beehobtamed.Mr.Dowling was enabled to proceed home in the evening.—SopuncZa,Guar d/an. ""*• / The position., of affairs at the meet shortly before the hour fixed for the hunt oh Satur day seemed to indicate that eleven miles within the hour by a biped had more attractions than the regular Saturday .cross-country gallop with the hounds; but hardly were the spotted beauties descried trotting up the road before the crowd began to thicken and.swell into a capital gathering. The day was fine and waTm, too much so for a good scent; and in the' early part of the run, at all event3, the pace was very slow as must be the case where scent is not breast high. Still, whether the aspect of the country traversed or the nature of the fences he considered, the run was a decidedly good one. The hounds were .taken into the inner circle of the racecourse, and led south- west, crossing the road from South-terrace to the Lunatic Asylum near the former, thence for the Main South Kastern-road, dnto the South Park Lands, then southerly by a lane from Parkside, straight across country, till they touched the branch road which connects the Unley and Upper Mitcham roads, where they set their heads for the hills more easterly, and.-ran info it near Netherby. The run was a good one, and a. de cided improvement on that of the previous Saturday. On Sunday, August 24, the Eevs. J. Graham and J". T. Kearns, ministers connected with the ' Primitive Methodist Church,■ re cently anived from England, preached for the first time in Adelaide. The. Rev. E. Master man. who has also just arrived, was likewise to have preached, but. he was.;prevented from doing so by indisposition. At the Morpheft street Church the morning service was con ducted by the Rev. Mr. Graham, who preached a discourse'characterisedby earnestness and clear ness. His text was " Verily, Verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me hath everlasting life"—John.vi., 47. Admitting the Bible to he the revealed Word of God, there could,_ he said, be no doubt as to the divinity of Christ; and the belief which was necessary was, he pointed out, a belief in Him both in His cha racter as God and as Mediator. The reward of such belief was everlasting life. There waB nothing man prized more than life. True indeed was the saying, "All that a .man bath will he give for his lifebut life here was of uncer tain tenure and subject to trials and to sorrows; but the life promised was everlasting, and, being free from sin, would be.free from evil of every kind. Believing on . Christ" securing so much, he urged his hearers to; believe _ on Him and to be Christians, or _ Christ-like. The Rev. J. T. Kearns-prea'ched in the even ing at the: Tynte-street Church,. North Ade laide, basing his remarks on the words, "Thou: art not far from the kingdom of God," Mark xii., 34. After referring to ancient history to show the preparations made for the advent of: Christ and the fitness of the time at which He came, he divided his text into two portions— first asking what might be. considered to be the. kingdom of God, and answering it by saying that it was righteousness, peace, and joy in the; Holy Ghost; and then he directed attention; to those who might be said to be not far from; this kingdom. He mentioned Kacoheus, King! Agrippa, and other personages in the Bible "as types cf classes to be found in the world at the present day who might be said-to bo not far from the kingdom of God. He- dwelt! forcibly upon the injunction in the Scriptures: to take heed lest they fell, pointing out the in-; evitable consequences which would befall any; inconstancy, half-heartednes, or want p.f luve to; God. The sermon was listened: to with atten-i tion by a, large congregation. _ Mr. KearnsV style is deliberate and impressive.^ -To-night; recognition tea and public meetings to the; -newly.-arrived ministers will be held in thei Morphett-street Church. • ,Tt is. with, vecy sincere regret - that we, have to record the sudden death of Mr. James' Brook, partner in'the" well-known" legal firm of i Messrs. Way'• Briok, of this city. \ Mr-: Brook, although apparently healthful and: strong, had been delicate,- and' the-fatigue arising from important cases which he con ducted fin the .Port Adelaide Local Court on! Tuesday and in the Adelaide Local Court on Wednesday brought on an attack of indisposi tion .which ■ induced him to take medical advice. Ho was in town for a short time on ' Thursday, and en Friday ho was" at business, and in the afternoon returned to his residence at Uoley Park. After partaking of dinner! he retired at an early hour to rest. Shortly, after-he had gone to Ms bedroom his sister's attention was attracted: to some unusual ! sounds iu his room, and on going there Miss : ! Brook fouud her brother partly undressed and lying on the bed. He was; vomiting,; j and was in an unconscious condition, She I was, of course, greatly alarmed, and sent for! Dr. Whittell, who arrived at 3.o'clock a.m.,; when Mr. Brook had recovered consciousness.; Dr. Whittell having written a prescription, left his patient, but he had hardly gone when an; attack of . apoplexy . .supervened.; A mes-t senger was again ■ dispatched for medical assistance, but, owing to some mistake, Dr; Whittell did not return till 12 o'clock on! Saturday, when he immediately pronounced' the case to be hopeless,' and Mr. Brook ex-| pired about 1 o'clock. .The announcement of the sad event threw a deep gloom over the legal and social circles where Mr. Brook was best known, for, apart from the painful suddenness of the death of. one .who but-the day before had been engaged.in the ordinary activities life,-'-it was felt that a young- man " of :high talents and brilliant promise "had been removed; and that, the profession, to which; b9 had-be longed had sustained a very severe loss. . As a sound painstaking lawyer— one who ; could master the .intricacies of: a difficult case and conduct an important and > delicate correi Sf-ondence—he is known to have been highly apj predated, and the" legal profession has without doubt lost one of its'most-prominent and talented members. " Mr. Brook was a; com paratively-young man, only-32 - years of agej but he had displayed talents of a high order, which had raised ■ him to an-influential position in his profession; and three orfonr years since'; when'Mr. Way went to England,'^ Mr. Brook was left iiif sole charge of the Extensive business of the firm. We'believe also'-that the de? ceased gentleman was ■ President of the Law Students' Association,! the members 'of'which Society esteemed him very highly, not only for his character as a sound lawyer, hut, also for his courteous and gonial demeanor;'-' Mr. Brook wa3 of a kind and generous_ disposition; although his acts of. private charity and bene volence wore quietly and" unostentatiously per formed. We, understand that'the funeralof the deceased : gentleman will take place' tor inotrow, on which occasion We believe the offices of tho legal profession will be closed.as a mark of respect to Mr. Brook's memory. 