prince op wales theatre. A dramatic Yemen of Charles Head's novel "of this tisrao was produced at the Prince of, Wales Theatre last evening. " Never too lata to loiud" mi not new to on Australian audience. Piavuocrs cf fourteen cr fifteen years' standing will remember tlio play as produced, at tho old Olympic, whin peer Rogers mado such a decided bit ia tbo cha racter of Isaau Levi. Since then it has br.cu played with a strong cast at the Princess Theatre, under tbo management of Mr. J,. L. Had. who, aa Peter Crawley — tbo tool of tho unprincipled John Meadows — brought down tlie bouso. Tho drama as produced ycsti rday evening was' not so c-ffectivo in many particulars as tbo versions which havo been played in previous years. Tom Robinson, the Loudon thief, the example thai it ia " never too lato to mond," was playact by Mr. Cardan, who, whatever may bs hi faults of dietion, cannot be accused of want of vigor, Mr. VV. J. Hollov/ay, aiGeorgu Fielding, was just as stilted as ovor. Mr. , James Millie played lasso Levi toiorahly, infusing at tliues a certain amount of firo into bio impersonation of the ctmr.iotoi-. Mr. Peter Crawley, which was made quite a subordinate part, wire ontiustu'd to Mri t W. W. Allou, and Mr. H. M. Humphreys undertook tlie ni'e of William Fielding, As j Jockey, an aboriginal, Mr. Wiinhleton j thouglit all that was wanted to portray tho j Australian native was to intorlard his con- | vcrsation with numerous "belonging to | mine," aud to turn somersaults ns an out- | ward sign of satisfaction and joy. John : Meadows, and Hawes, tho governor of tbo ; gaol, wore plsysd respoctivoly by Messrs. | Gladstone and Daniels, whilo tho Rev. Mr. . Eden was quietly, aatsd by Mr. M'Gowaa ; I and Joseph, tho young convict who expires | under tho harsh treatment in voguo at | Fsrnborough gao), found a meritorious i representative in Miss Patty Holt | Misa Dolly Green and lire, id 'Go wan j made the most of the parts nf Susan Ilea- | dows ana Nno, nftorwjjrds Mrs. Tom Robin- i son. During the progvosn cf tho pieon thu | applause was frequent. The drama was foi- j lowed by the burlecquo of Macbeth. Tho noble t,h, mo, Mr. 51 "Go wan, epoko in broad Scotch, axul Canquo porformed tha ghost- lil;e operation of playing ou tho hones. Lady Maobei.il (Mrs, M'Gowan), omhiliishcd tho ; nigbt-waltiing ocmio with a comio pa.< d- j « '.ni, aud th# piecn waa plentifully in tor- | kpcrsed with popular melodies anil break downs. Misa Patty Holt, who played th> part of Macduff', allowed a decidod talent for this line uf dramatic business ; although pos sessing no great emouat of voice, she sings j correctly, and shows great cievcinops in ! step dancing. King Duncan was played by ! Mr. Daniels-, To-night tho bill will he re peated. 