PLANCH ETTA. No. V. (Circle: Messrs. A., B., C., Stranger, Start, P.M., Constable X., and the Editor of the Argus.) STUKT, P.M.—I have simply to remind you, gentlemen, that we are flying about in this purposeless style since Saturday last; it is now past twelve on Christinas-day, and if you ever mean to descend, I would z-espectfully suggest the desirability of your doing so now. Constable X.—Respectfully sudgest the divvle to let us down ! An be me soul, your worship, if I wonct. git down it'll be a quare table ril go near for the rest of my life. A.—It all rests with your worship. If you and the policeman give us a guarantee not to take any further steps, I for one will be only too happy to alight. C. and the Stranger.—Certainly. B.—Well, for my part, though I could eat a raw bullock, I feel game to keep afligbt till we 6tarve that beast X to death. Constable X.—Holy Vargin, hearken to him ! Your worship, will you remind him I've a wife and childer ? From information resaved it's my belief that murther is loikely to be committed. A.—You'd better keep quiet and not make such a row, or you'll have the spirits of all the men you ever sent to gaol keeping us up, and then we'll never get down. STURT, P.M.—Well, gentlemen, as there is no help for it, I promise. A.—On your honour now 1 You won't be saying you did it on compulsion. STURT, P.M.—On my solemn honour. Constable X—Upon my solemn word, and honer, and credit, and thruth, and oath for that matter, if you put me down convaynient to anything in the shape of cooked mate, the divle a word will I say agin any of yez, but that you are a pleasant lot of gentlemen, and moighty fond of a joke. A.—I will to descend. B., C., and the Stranger.—We wilL STURT, P.M.—This is Mount Macedon. just under us. A lot of people I know are having a picnic at Hanging Eock, and if you can only manage to get down anywhere near them I'll be very happy to introduce you. A.—By all means. We will to get down at the Hanging Eock. B.—If the hangman himself was host I'd dine with him now. To the rock! C.—I see the tents through the trees. Stranger.—And I can smell the ham and the beer from afar off. Constable X.—Bedad, they don't look a bit too wellplazed to see us. May I never if they're not running like a lot of pickpockets 1 I hope them fat famales gettin' over the fences isn't your worshup's friends. STURT, P.M.—I should hope not indeed. It isn't at all likely thai any friends of mine would retire in so indclicate a manner. A.—Welcome to the earth again your worship ; and thou, Constable X, beast though thou be. considering you have really as much right, from a democratic point of view, to exist as we have, allow me to wish you the compliments of the season. Constable X.—Glory be to the natives have absconded, and left the cowld mate behind them. STURT. P.M.—Under which peculiarly melaueholv circumstance.- will you allow me. A. old fellow, to send you the whole of this turkey: A.—Thauks. Pemii me io reciprocate with a pigeon pio. It's ibiirieen pounds if it's an ounce. Though "1 isn't a poor tiling, '(is thine, own. B.—By the right of conquest, I feel every inch a Norman, and by co'oninl letters patent hereby name myself FITZ B. X, slave! lowborn Saxon ! cease gorging, and supply the needs of thy masters- with the slout of GUINNESS. Constable X.—Saxan in your teeth ! I'm a Celt every inch of me. from this ham bone in my fingers down to the tops of me boots. Besides. I'm demoralised by hunger, and wouldn't lave me feed to give a drink to Captain STANDISH, let alone a suspicious karaetc-r loike yourself, with the bottle of beer foreninsfc you, and the glass be your side. C.—Well, I'm not much given to talking, but I'd like it to appear that I wasn't utterly spent after eating the whole of that sirloin; therefore I'd take it as a personal favour if some one would pass me a trifle—say a tongue, or a couple of chickens. Stranger.—Glutton ! why not content yourself, like me, with a fifty pound round of beef. In poetical language, this rump is like a sea beat rock, on which my huuger vainly beats. STURT, P.M.—Hark ! what noise was that in the tree above us ? A.—Hanged if I know. Above there, cooey ! B.—Perhaps it's the spirit of the table, Poor ghost, you can smell at least, permit me to knock in the head of this keg cf brandy as a small token of my distinguished esteem. C.—Hold hard. Nothing of the sort. Don't spill the grog. I know who it is—the Editor of the Argns. Stranger.—There you see, such is always the way with scoffers He held out against spiritism to his last issue, and yet at the approach of a table he's up a tree. Pray, Mr. Editor, how do yon feel up there ? Ed. A.—Our invariable rule is to take no notice of anonymous communications. B.—But I propose to give it a name. Pledge us in a flowing bumper of brandy and water. STURT, P.M.—Besides, you know, you know me. You know you asked me to this picnic, and told me to bring a friend or two. Ed. A.—But three or four makes a difference. STURT, P.M.—Certainly ; but these friends are not of my seeking, needs must, you know. However, I'm glad you have got over your fright. Here, X, give a back for the Editor. Now, dear boy, try some of this very superior number two. Ed. A. (standing upon the table and reading from, a notc-booli).— The history of popular delusions tells us of nothing stranger— 551 (To be continued in our next.) * The real reason why t-lie Argus was not published on Boxing-day, will be made plain in our next issue. Likewise the secret history of the celebrated expedition over Mount Macedon to the picnic at Hanging Rock. 