" . I'HE DEVIL IN BRISBANE. | ;The following amusing case was tried at the law sessions, Brisbane:— \- 5 • DESMOND T BATTY. •This .was. an action for £15 for personal , injuries. The plaintiff was Jeremiab Desmond labburer,' ffisiding in Lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr-Thomas Batty, the propristor of the circus performing in Great George'a-street. The process stated " The plaintiff claims £15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through the carelessness, negli gence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circns in Great George-street a certain animal called a camel, his property, which animal he, in the month of December, 1871 negli gently and oarelessly permitted and suffered to escape and break from said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the Lower Glasheen road, where said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injure, bnook down, and bruise plaintiff, by which injustice he has been put to expense and loss of time. 'Mr Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr J. T. O'ConneH for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at the 'door' of his house on the Glasheen road, minding some pig's food. His wife was at work within, the house. He and his wife had been talking'about ghosts and about the devil, and about half-paat six o'olook, while they were so talking, a queer thing'' oame up to the door. He soreeched, for he did not know what it was— he"thought it was the devil—(laughter). It had a lorig neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on his back..He soreamod, but he could not stir—he was'so frightened. It put its long neck and its two fore paws in, and crushed him against the side of the door with its shoulder. It got a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the prints of its paws'there. Mr Hayes: Why didn't in go in further ? Desmond: Oh, sir, the hump—(laughter)— the hump was so big heoould not get in the door. (Renewed laughter). I got suoh a fright I was not able to eat as much for three days as in one day'before. (Muoh laughter). How dil he get out?'\ He baoked ont again the way he came in. I gould do :notbing to him. Cross-examined by Mr'O'Conbell: What do you think you had before you saw it P The devil. (Loud laugter). I believe you; had-been taking about the devil. Maybe I wor. (Laaghter). But were yon ? I wor.~ (Much laughter). What put the devil into your head;'that you. had been talking about him P Faith, I.could not tell you. But what sort of a thing was it ? Oh, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing, amidst roars of laughter, to a jury-box about 15ft from him). Had he anything but this neck? Faith, he had aliump on his back, ever so big, and he had long legs, and eyeB, and a big mouth. (More laughter). Do; you see .anything in court that you would compare him to p I don't then, I'm sure. When he came in the door I would give all the world to get him out of my sight. (Great laughter). Did you get off the chair P Indeed I did'nt—a better man than me could not do it. (Renewed laughter). Did you attempt to Bhove him out ? I did not try to shove him out. I did nothing at all to; him, for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you had bayonets you could do nothing at all to him.. (Great laughter). I was not able to go to work for four days after, for I got a pain inmy-heart from him. (Roars of laughter). . Mrs Desmond, wife of the plaintiff, said: My husband oh' the night in question was mi: ding some' pig's food "at the door, and I was at work inside.:: All ationce I heard a bitter screech out of him. I looked down and I saw the thing "atlow" me with his neck stretched in as far as he could stretch it .".Oh,", says I, "pray to Almighty God( for its nothing good." (Laughter). " May the Lord re-save our soul" says I, and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Roars of laughter). Did you ever see the like of it before ? Oh, no, sir. What happened then ? The boys about the place took it away. Cross-examined by Mr O'Connell: What, were you talking about when the animal came to the door P My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was':talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, says I, " it is the devil is there, now surely." (Laughter). Mr Hayes J That is the defence at the other side, your -worship—that it was" the devil was there an not the camel. (Laughter). Mr Gregg: Didn't you husband say to you just before, f The devil take you." Witness: He did, sir. Mr O'Connell: Is he in the habit of talking about the devil ? Well he was, sir; he was too often in his mouth, as I often told him. (Laugh ter). Didn't you think it a just judgment on that the devil should make his appearance to see after him under those ciroumstances ? WiBha, I suppose it was, sir. He was calling after him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter). Has be been talking about the devil since P He has not, sir. (Laughter), •His Worship. considered the plaintiff had received damage on the occasion, and gave a decree for £3. \- Queensland limes. ^Romance of London Bridge.- The year 1536 was the date of one of the moBt interesting and oiie of the moat authentic legends connected with Old Londofi Bridge. In this year the nurse maid of Sir William Howet, a rich cloth- worlcer, living on the bridge, playing with her maater'B little daughter out of one of the projecting windows, let the child fall into the river. Its instant death eejynpd,certain, -when Edword Osborne, a brave apprentice of Sir William's, leaped in and saved it. In due time the child so rescued grew into a bloomiig woman; and the belle of the bridge was courted by many great courtiers, foremost among whom was the Earl of Shrewsbury. But her father generously replied to all, " No, Os borne saved her, and Osborne shall have her.1' So Osborne bore away the belle, and with her a large dowry, and in coarse of years Osborne be came Lord Mayor, and wiis Knighted by (Jueen Elizabeth. The great-grandson of the brave apprentice tfa's raised to the peerage by Charles the Second, and William of Orange made bim the first Duke of Leeds. This Sir Edward Os borne, the antiquarians tell u'd, lived at his father' iu-Iaw'a house i& Philpotlane, and was buried at St. Dennis, in Feachurch-street. The Duke of Leeds.still preserves, at Kiveton Castle, in York shire,- a fine portrait of Osborne's right-worohip ful master,- clad in black furred gown, scarlet doublet and sleeves, gold obaifi,- and velvet bonnet. So, in maiiy cases; the heraldio tree of our noblest peers bis been engrafted on the mer chant's iak-fita'iried deal desk.— All the Year ".Mr Robert WilSCn, of Smeaton, has a cow in his possession which had two calves at a birth last year, and during the past week she calved *£«&» with same jwnlt/ - 