EXTI1ACTS FROM Dlt. LIVING STOKES SKCOND LETTKlt. Dr Liringstonc's second letter to Mr J. G. Ilennclt appeared in the JNnr Yuri JTi-raMofthc 27th nit., and a copy of it wns courteously sent tc the JjOndon papers. As the letter is of great impor tance, we select the most iiiterestinj; passage, from ?*? Speaking of tliia horrible (rade (he Doctor say*: -?? Many hnvc but a faint idea of tin* evils tliat trndtuc m h]h*(?s in Oiols on the vicliun and uu the aulliors uf the atrocities. Most people iuiugiuo thai ni-RrocB, after being brutabnil by a tong ameliorating influences tliat elevate more of the African man. Our ideas are de rived from Ihc slates of (lie West (Joast, who have for ages been subjected to do mestic bondage, and all tbe depressing agencies of a most unhealthy clim:itc. These have told most injuriously ou tbeir physical frames, wlu'lc (rauii and trade iu Not to discriminate (be difli-renceis mon strous injustice to Ihc main budy of the population living free in the. interior under (heir own chiefs aud laws— cull i vuting their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or Jigbluig bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, be rent-lied in rocky Htrula or under per ennial ico. Winwood'e Iteade hit tbc truth wlien be said tbe nncicnl Egpjtian, «ith his larpe round black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat depicssed nose, is tnr nearer till) typical negro than the Wo-t Const African, who ha» lieL-n debused liy tbo unhealthy land be ):ve« iu. Slaves generally— and especially thono 011 tbo West Const, at Zauzibar, and eke where — arc extremely ugly. 1 have no prejudice ngaiust their colour ; indeed, anyone who lives Iwg utunui^ tli-*io /or* gels thai tin y are black, and fei-la tliat they arc fellon-meo. lint the Ion- re treating foreheads, prognnihos i;iwF. lirk hei-ls, and other pliyical peculia' 1 1 1 l- h common arnon^j slaves and Wrest teclmgs of aversion as tliose witblwliich wo view specimens of the ' Bill Sikcs' nnd ? liruiscr' class in England. I would not uller a syllable calculator! to press down cither class more deeply in the mire in which they are already sunk. But I wish to point out (hat lhc»c arc not typical Africans uny more than (vpical English men, utiJ tliat (lie native's of nearly oil Ihe. high lauds of the interior of the Con tinent are, as a rule, fair average speci mens ,.f humanity. I happened to lu present when all the bend men of the great cliiel Insaroa, who lives west of the soutli end of Tangauyika, bad como to gether 10 wake peace with certain Arabs wbo bad burned their chief town, and I aui certain ono could not sco more Hnely formed intellectual heads in any assein lily iu London or Paris, and the faces oul forms correspond with the fiaely- bliupeJ beads.' Till! THr.iTMENT OP SUITS. ' I once s«w a party of twelve wbo bad o- Lin la— of trhisli Cazemhe is chief it general. They were loaded wiih large heavy wooden yokes, which are forked or e?«lii'ieinbug' 'Wo'nlrc' is''iiiso'ri.™ in (be fork, and aa iroa bar driven in across from one cud of the fork to the oiln-T, and riveted ; tbe oilier end iB lifd ot night to a tree or to the reilingof a but, and tho nei-k being firm inii fork, tbe ilrnv is held afl'trom unloosing it. ft is excessively troublesome to (lie wearer, and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads liut 011 (he slaves' beads besides. Women haring in addition to the yoke and load a child on tbe buck, have said to me on passing, ' They arc killini; me ; if they in.uld take oft the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads.' One who spoke thus did die, and the poor little girl, her child, inrished of starratiun. I interceded Tor some, but when unyoked off they bounded into tbe long grass, aud 1 was Ki-nlly Warned for not cariDg lo preserve the owner's property. After a day's march under a boiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads ; the strongest are exhausted. The party of twelve above mentioned were sitting Kiucin? and lauch ing. 'Hallo!' said t, ? these fellows take to it kindly ; this must do tbc class for whom philosophers sav slavery is tbu natural state ; ' and I wont nnrl asked tbi- cause of their mirth. I bad to ask the aid of tiicir ownor 5s to Lho nioaiiiopof tlio word nlta, which usually means to fly or to leap, they wore usmi; it to el press ibo idea of hauntiiu;. as a ghoul, aud inflict ing disease and dcitli ; und tb? sone was 'Yes, we are Koing away to Manga (abroad or white man's land) with yokes on our necks ; but we shall haw no voltes in death, and we sltull return and haunt and kill you.' Tin- chorus then ttiuck ir. was the name of the man who sold each of them, and tLen followed the general laugh, in nbich at first I savr 110 liiUer ue**. lVremlie, an old man of at Ichsi l'i t years, had becuouc u£ tlio seller's In accordance with African Mi,.f (!,cr bad no dnubt of beiofi so-m able by ghost power, (0 kill evon Kim. Their refrain as if, Oh, oh, ob! Bird of freedom, oh ? You sold me, ob, ah, oh ! I shall haunt you, oh, oh. ob ! The inuRiiter told nut of mirtli, but of (be tears of such as were oppressed, and Ihoy had no comforter. ? If!- that is bigbor thau the highest regardclli.' ' AHllCiS LADIES. ' Afany of tbe women wore very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have 1)1-051 inuoli |irettier if they iisd only let t themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change tbeir charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, uioely-roundcd limbs, well-phaped forms, and small bands ami feet. Rut they must adorn (hero selves ; and this they do -ob, (be hussies 1 — Uy filing (heir splendid !-wlli to poials like ea('s teeth. It was distressing, for it made their smile, which lias so much power over us great he donkeys, bke that of tbc crocodile. Ornaments are scarce. What would our Imlros do if they had none but paut ami lecture us on ? woman's rights' i 13ut these -p,Tiuiena of ()„. h , sev make sbifl by adorning their fn- wnriii brown skins, tattooing rariiniH pri-lty deriees wirliout cnlors. thnt. bo. suit's purposed of beauty, swvcUicliov&ldic; uses ol our Highland tartans.' TBE VA.U.BY OF T11K KI\\.i:. ' B«t why go ajuoiiR tho eaimila), at all? Wai it not like inimnir dm Al,,inn 01^ in order to bo landed V^uLu lin-ak your neck where ywir nc -k oni'bt lobe broken? This maies me turn Lk to the walorsbed, « r prouu'sfld. It is a broad belt of irco-ccvered upland, sonio -00 miles mWil .from WMt to M(. Ibo Reneral alutudeis betMeen 1,000 nnd (S.0lsi fuel above the sea, »nd mountains ^land on it itf various pot'iitR which ore between «,000 nnd 5,000 feet above Ihe ocean level. On Hub watershed springs arise which are 1 well-nigh innumerablel that is, it would take half n man's lifetime to count (licm. These springs join eaeh other and form brooks, wW asain eon verge and become nVere. or say streams, of 80, 40. or 80 yard., tbat never dry. Ali flow towards tbe centre of an immense ««W.*fc«ohIbeJicvetob« Ibe Valley or the Nik. In Ibis trough wo have at Hrettbrcelarffewvcrs. Then all unite into one »normom laoustrino river, tho central lino of drainaRe, which I mme Webb's fire creat lakes. One near the upper end is called UU Besnla. or moropropertv ™ '''':« «»* «»t rf H flow, the byfio r.rer Luapula, which enters La';fl Kocro, and comes out aa the great -i. river tualaba to form Lake KavnTi J , West of KamolonarbutSm krt°lold--; too, joins the central lino of drainage, but lower down, and all throe united form the fifth lako, from which tho slaves sent to great grief, to leavo as the ' unknown lake.' By my reckoning — the chrono meters being all dead— it is live di^rees of longitude west of Sprko's position of Tjiji ; this makes it probable that tbe givut laefistrine riror iu the valley is tbe western branch— -,r l'etliorick's Nile— lho Buhar Ghazal, and not tbe enslera branch, which Speke, Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Egypt. If correct, this would make it the Nile only after all the Bahar Ghazal enters the eas- tern arm" THE INHABITANTS OF MANYUEMA. ' When parties leave L'jiji to go west wards into Manyuciua, tbe question asked is not what goods they have, but how many guns ani kegs of gunpowder. If th.y hove 200 or 300 muskets, and am niunitio?i in proportion, they think suc cess is certain. The Matiyueraa were fouud to be torrified by tbe report or ruus ; some, I know, believed them to be supernatural, for when lho effect of a musket ball was shown on a goat, tbey looked up to the clouds, and offered to bring ivory lo buy ihc charm by which lightuing was drawn down. When a vil lage was assaulted, the men Qod in terror, aod n'omcii anu children wore captured. Many of tbo Aionyuoma women, especi ally fardown the Lualuba, are very pretty, light colored, and lovely. It was com mon U- hear the Zanzabar slaves — whom faces resembled tho features of London door-kuockers, which some. atrocioUB ironfounder thought were like those of linns— say lo cacb other, ? Ob it we had Munyuemn wives, what pretty children wo should get !' Manyucma men and wo men were all vastly superior to the slaves, who evidently felt (ho inferiority they hod acquired by wallowing in tbo mire of bondage. Many of the men wore tall, strappitiR fellows, with but little of what we think distinctive of the negro alioutthein. If one relied on the loach ings of phrenology, tho Uanuenia men would take a high place in the human fa mily. Tbey felt their superiority, and often said, truly, 'were it not for firearms, not ono of the strong-' ers would ever leave our country,'. If a comparison wcro instituted and Manyucma, taken at random, placed op posite, soy, tbc members of tbe Anthropo logical Society of London, clad h'fco them, in kilts of grass cloth, I should like to take my place alongside the JManyuema, ou lho principle of preferring the company of my hellers ; tbo philosophers would look wofully scragjry. But though, the, ' iuforior race,' as wo compassionately call them, have finely-formed Lends, and often handsome features, tbey aro undoubtedly cannibals. Tho country abounds ia food of all kinds, and tin) rich soil raisos every thing planted in great luxuriance. A friend ol mine tric-d ricv, and it yielded one hundred and twenty fold; three measured of seed yielded 3GD measures. Mflizc is so abundant that I have Been forty-Ovo loads, each about OOlb., given for a single goal. It was puzzling to see why (hey should be cannibals. Tbo Monyucmo kave plenty of pigs and other domestic animals, aud yd tbey are canni bals. Into (bo reasons for their canni balism I do jwt cuter. Tbey say that human flesh is not equal to that of goats or pigs ; it is saltish and makes them dream of tbo dead. Why fine-looking men like them should bo bo low in tbo moral scale can only bo allributcd ta tho noii-inlroduction of that religion which makes (hose distinctions aoxong men whiob phrenology and olbor ologics can not explain. The religion of Christ is unquestionably Ibe best for man.' H011imH.E CtSTOHS, AKBKIGOEB MOSLEMS. ' The Mnnyucma women, especially far down the Lualaba, aro very pretty and vcrr industrious. Tlio market is with them a groat institution, and they work hard and carry far, in order to bare some Ihiug (o sell. Markets are established about tea or fifteen miles apart. All ara dressed in their best — gaudy-colorod, many-folded kilts that reach frocu the waist to the knee. Wlien 2,000 or 3,000 arc together tbey enforce justice, though. chiefly women, and they are bo eager traders luoy sot off' in companies by nignt, and begin to run as soon as they come within the bum arising from hundreds of voices. To baggie, and joko, and laugb and cheat, seoms to bo tbo dearest enjoy ment of life. Tho llanyuema hare always told us that women goinp to mar ket wcro never molested. HTh#», *l,a «A« of two district, were eogngod in actual hostilities tlie women passed through Iroin one market lo another unbanned; to take hor- eoods, even in war, was a tuing nut to be done. But to these mar ket women the luilf-cnates directed their puns. Two oases tiat camo under my own observation were so sickening 1 cannot allow tbo mind to dwell upon or write about Ibc-m. Many of both scxen wero killed, but tho women and riiilJren chiefly irerc made captives. No matter bow much ivory they had. obtained. these 'Nigger MusJoms roust hare slaves, and tbey assaulted tbe marteta and villagos.and mode captives chiefly, as it mnirarud to me, because, as the men run off at tbe report of guns, they could', do it without danger. I bad no idea before bow bloodthirsty men can bo waea ikcy can pour out the blood of fellow arm inmfcty. And all tins carnaro is going no m Manyuema at tbo vctr timcl write. rill' ' ??TS,',, ?.r ,Pr°-«* a* Indiai. feUow-subjecls, that mdi-.eetly do jtaUt \\\ e have conceded to t'.le SuJlaaof San dbar tbe right, which it was not oars to give ofa certain aw ountofslaw^roding, °'i1^ 'm''m* --'..« boon from moOOto £20,0i»aveaj. A , wohave seen, these ate, not traded for— 'jut murdered ftr. Her are not slaves, out freo people made- cap- would, mstr, Mi of taking head-money, da claro, that „» vno f^ ss ,„, B9 tll reached ,lis («.rrit«ry. But tbe BanianV have tl J(1 custom-house and all the 8nl. tnu s revenue entirely in their bands. H« ca' aot trust bis Muhamadan Bubiocts r-u of the better class, to farnThb ,ncomc, because, as (bey themselves say he would get Bulbing in return but a crop ol lies. TJic Bauiaus naturally work the enslpm-bouse so as lo screen their own slaving agents ; and so long aa tiey have (be power to promote it, therr atrocious system of slaying will never cease, por tbe sake of lawful oun-meree it would bo iwlitic to insist that the Sultau's revenue by the custom-Iiouso sliould be placed in tlie hands of an English or American merchant of known reputation and up riEiljiMB. By tliis arrangement tb» bullnn would be largely benefited, legal commerce would bo exalted to a position it has never held since Banians aiff Mos lems emigrated into cistern Africa, an£ Christianity, to which tbe slave trade is, an insurmountable barrier, would find, ujr open door. .'** Tui^iEis commotion in ]» , , .^ I'adua; women are. wal'' 'T=-4 ArfJ* hi their teeth. Soldiers r -''l;^ «naahInB l'odua tin, reign of ? '', ?'«_ '-t, *nd fa there U no need fnrH1'™r^.W«n. 8nt »5^ «!»' at tho perform- ?* op.-ra. It oneI? ' Aid*,'' for (he cspr .?' «--'. Verdi's ™«M to porso' '„ ' °; '?'' aa atoutly re ?-?o, and these Brave »S« iSi?2L?!rl*' oalled on Uie troops ^2LI10tS.t Mpwarsi not know whethi JP% ?*«»-»»'* not-oalledon the _^ **f J»r™*i »«? faces, and the d: ^.^S'^,' to *'*« tnsttr unbosomed U, ^''^?fte' «-?& faAlon, \md« compnl £L fWfc- thut 'totttoa, charais for tr e j':J°u «-*an« (heJr W *fn.hr Got £*u*J'*«ca ot a^jpt^Wb,. 