OBDINATION AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL, HOBART TOWN. On the 10th ultimo, at 9 o'clock in the morning, a select congregation admitted by ticket, in order to prevent crowdingo, asnsembled in St. Mary's Cathedral to witness the impressive ceremony of a Priest's Ordination. In this colony it is a ceremony of rare occurrence, the last ordination being that of 1er. hI. O'Callghan, of Longford, which took place in St. Joeoph's Churchb, in the year 1855. As many of cur readers, therefore, may wish to read some description of sech a ceremony, we shall give a resumce of what took place yesterday morning. At 9 o'clock thie pro mcesion issued from the eanriety, headed by crossbcarer and acolytes in cottas and purple soutanes. The clergymen present were the Ven. Archdeacon larum, who assisted the Bishop during the ordination service, the Rev. C. P. Woods assisting the priaet-elect, the Rers. Messrs. Sheehy and Henebry as chanters, Rove. Thomas Kelah and J. Murphy as deacon and sub deacon, and Bev. D. F. X. Beechinor as master of ceremonies. The Rev. M. O'Regan was vested as deacon and carried the priest's chasuble on his left arm. The procession was closed by the Most Bev. Biesbop Murphy in full pontificals, who on arriving at the altar immediately commenced mass, the choir sineging the eyrie. After finishing the Epistle his lordship was seated in a chair before the altar, and the Archdeacon requested the Ordiasondes to approach saying, Accedat gui ordinandus eat ad ordinem Prelsby teratus. Thecandidate for the priesthood having knelt before the Bishop, the Arebdeaocon presented him to be ordained, saying : "Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests you to ordain the Deacon here present to the burthen (ad onus) of the priesthood." The Bishop then asked, "Do you know him to be worthy P" To which the Archdeacon replied, "As far as hluman frailty permits me to know, I know and testify him to be worthy for the burthen of this ofioe." The Bishop having said deo gratire, continued his exhortation to the candidate until the Litanies of the Saints were sung, during which the candidate was prostrate before the altar, and at the appointed time received the triple benediction from the Bishop. At the end of the Litanies hlis lordship placed bothhands on the head of the candidate, the same ceremony being repeated in turn by all the priests present, after which the prayer consecrated by the usage of ages was said, imploring the cboicest blessings of heaven upon him who had baeen called to so exalted an office. The other prescribed prayers having been said, the Bishop changed the stole of a deacon, hitherto worn by the candidate, to that of a priest, and also rested him with the chasuble, which was folded on his shoulders till near the end of the ordination, saying, while changing the atole, decipe, &c.;, "receive the yoke of the Lord, for Hie yoke is sweet and His burthen light." And when potting on the chasuble, " receive the priestly vestment, by which charity is signillede for God is able to increase in thee charity and a perfect work:'." The Holy Spirit was soonafter ineoked in the hymn PVeni Creator Spiritus, which was song with the full and correct Boman intonation, and was considered very solemn by many present. At the end of the first verse of the hymn the Bishop, being seated before the altar, anointed the hands of the candidate with the holy oil of catechomens, and thendlelirered to him the chalice containing wine and water, with the paten and host, saying Accipe paotisn fatem, &c.;, "reeive the power of offering sacrifi8ce to God, and celebrating Masses both for the living and the dead. In the name of the Lord. Amen." The Bishop and candidate both washed their hands, and when the latter had presented a lighted candle to the Bishop as an offertorium Mass was continued, the whole being said in a loud voice to enable the newlyoirdained to say the Mass together with the Bishop, and. after the Agnus Ddel the po was given to him by the Bishop. The Communion being ended some other special prayers were said over the newly- ordained, who also made a solemn profession of faith in reoiting the Apostles' Creed, after which the Bishop placing both hands on the head of the candi date aid, Adeeipe piritum seasctfm, &e.;, "receive the Holy Ghost, whoae sies you shall remit shall be re mitted to them, and whose you shall retain shall be retained." The chasuble was then unfolded, with the woerds, "May the Lord rest thee withl the stole of in nocence." The ordained then promised obedience to the Bishop and his successors, and received the acolade from the Bishop. Anerxhortntiontollowed by the Episn oopal benediction and other prayers, brought the core moany to a conclusion, the choir singing the Te Deuan, whilst the procession returned to the sacristy in the same order in which they had entered the sanctuary. The high altar on this occasion was moved out of the sanctuary, in dhder to give all present an opportunity of witnessing the ceremonies without any crowding or inconvenience, and was very tastefully decorated with evrergreens and flowers by the nuns of the Presentation Convent.-Mercury. 