|fc- » 88. gjfT fraoM cHAVtuaria joubmal] |:-; I wm on duty as head*guard of the |Ctp# *orth tnio when what I am about fe|* .«dl joe. took place. It happened ^pe wet etormr autumn evening just ^pwi dm*. How well I reaembw ^ ike time 1 My journey far the day !--ina over, and the train was just draw ^-Mig op to the platform at Park En J & Station — Park End is a very busy fjljfaee now, as I daresay you are aware, -^- Spud it was a busy place even then — Ifwina I heard a sharp sudden cry of ?*3aan down!' from some of the 'porters. The very same moment, as It seemed, my van, which was atgthe ;i£il end of the train, gave a strange sort of jolt, as though the wheel had Cone over something scft. I turned cold from head to foot, and letting go the handle of my break, was out of my van in a couple of seconds. There the Hpoor fellow was, sure enough, lying ?- about a yard away from the hindmost wheels, a heap of clothes and broken bones. In attempting to get out before ~ she train had come to a stand-still, he had slipped down between the carriages and the platform. One carriage and .'vfay heavy break-van had gone over %un. I was theHrst man that leaped '?-jjIswB en to the line to lift him up. We pot aim oa to the platform as tenderly aw we could ; a ring of porters, guards, .and passengers formed round us. A couple of .lanterns held aloft lighted up the ghastly scene. He » horn I faeld in any arms was a man between fifty and sixty years old ; his sandy hair and his sandy beard was fast turning grey. He had « sharp foxy-looking face, like that of a man keen at a bargain, and well able to take care of bis own interests. He was plainly dressed in Utck and grey, but with a. certain stamp about turn which showed that be was both a gentleman and a man well to do. Poor fellow ! he was very near his end. He had given utterance to no cry when lie first Ml, and one or two low moans were all that told his agony. His lips moved as though he wanted to speak to we, tut only a faint murmur came from them. I bent my ear close to his mptt^j but even then I could not make oat what he wanted to say. He groaned and shot his eyes, and I thought he was gone ; but in a moment or two his eyes opened, and again he tried to speak, but in vain. Then, for a--out as long a time as it would take me to count twenty, his gaze met mine with an ex pression in it of Bach yearning anxiety and terrible despair -as I have never seen since, and hope never to see again. Then a sudden spasm crossed his face, j»hv»jnng its whole expression ; he flung one arm out quickly, his head fed back, and he was dead. A stretcher was brought on which the body was carried to the dead-house at She hospital, there to await the inquest. The dead man had no luggage with lum, except a small black bag ; but there were papers about him sufficient to prove his identity. His name was If uxloe, and he lived in London. He was a bachelor, and had chambers in tile Temple ; and his business, as far as I could make out, seemed a sort of a cross between that of a lawyer and a money- lender. After the inquest, at which I was called as oue.of the wit nesses, the body was claimed by the relative*, and I thought I had seen and heard the last of Air. Muxloe. .1 went about my work as usual, but I could not get out of my memory that look of terrible despair which had flashed from the dead man's eyes into mine during the last minute of his lite. It haunted me by day, and haunted me by night, when I was at work and wbeu I was asleep. Do what I would, I could not ' get that ghastly face, with its strange yearning gaze, out of my mind. Poor as I was, I would have given much to known what it was that Mr. Mnxloe was so despairingly anxious to tell ma A month or mure passed away, and, although the poor dead gentleman was often in my thoughts, I had quite re covered my cheerfulness, when the strangest thing happened to me. I wad acting as guard that week to the 9 a.m. down express. We had stopped at Claywooda, a station about thirty mile* north of Paik End : I had got out of my van as u-ual to bee after the passengers ; 1 bad made everything rightj and was just about to give the starting-signal with my whistle, when, as I walked alongside the train, glancing into a compartment here and there, whom should I see sitting in one of the carriages, as plainly as ever I saw any thing in my life, but the dead man, Mr. Muxloe ! You might have knocked me down with a feather, as the saying is. My blood turned cold to see in his eyes that same strange look of which I have already spoken. It was a look that went through me, and chilled my heart with horror. How I contrived to give the signal for the train to start, and got back into my van, I never knew ; but we had got half a dozen miles from Claywoods before I seemed to come to my proper senses. All that I coald do, as soon as I was fit to think more calmly, was to doubt the evidence of my own eyes. I was an utter dis believer in ghosts or apparitions of any kind. I would not believe that I Lad seen anything out of the common way in the present case ; I chose rather to think that I had been a victim to some freak of my imagination — that Mr. Muxloe bad been somucb in my thoughts of hue, that I had come at length to believe that I saw Mr. Muxloe again in person. I had quite sa&sfitsd; myself that such must be the case by the time we drew up at our next station ; still, it was not with a little shrinking in the nerves that 1 walked quickly past the carriage where I bad seen the ghost, or whatever it wad. There was no ghost there now — and I laughed a little spite ful laugh at myself. In fact, two old ladies bad just had the door of the very compartment opened for them, and were being thrust in with their bjxea and bundles. I saw the old ladies comfort ably seated, and shut the door on theiu myself ; and as I did so, I unthinkingly read off the number of tLe carriage in which they bad taken their places — that number was B 88. There seemed to me a familiar ring about the words B 88, and I kept repeating them over to myself after the train Mas fairly under way again, puzzling my memory to think where I had heard them before. At last, it all flashed across my mind ; B 68 was the narntter of the carriage from which Mr. Muxloe was tin the act of alighting when be missed lib tooting and tell ! The number bad been brought up among other evideace at the inquest, and bad there impressed jttfetf ou my memory. There was rMW^fll''E odd about the affair that 1 didn't half like ; perhaps the apparition was my death-token, and had been sent to warn me. For the remainder of that day my thought* were far from comfortable. Next day, I was ordered away in charge of a special, and I did net go out any more that week with the 9 a.m, express. The week follow ing, it was my turn to go out with the 9 15 p.m. mail ; it was a train that, as a rule, carried very few passengers. White Ash was one of the stations, and at it we stopped fur three minutes to pick up and set down post-office bats. We were just on the point of starting again, and I had just taken my usual look along the length of the train to see that everything was secure, when — as you will already have guessed — 1 was again startled by seeing the ghost of Mr. Muxloe sitting all alone in the middle compartment of a first-class carriage. That carriage was the hate ful B 88! The light from the roof shone down full and clear on the dead man's face ; it was stony and inexpres sionless, except for the vivid light in those deep-set eyes, which gazed into mine with that same terrible yearning of which I have spoken before, as though it had some dread secret on its mind, and could obtain no rest till it bad revealed it to me. I was still look ing — breathless, spell-bound — and I seemed to have been looking for minutes instead of seconds, when it slowly uplifted a lean forefinger, and beckoned me to go to it. This was more than I could bear; I fainted clear away on the platform. When I came lo myself, the train had been sent forward in charge of another guard, and I was lying in one of the waiting-rooms, where the station- master and his daughter had been doing their beat to bring me round. Well, my nerves were so upset that it was almost a week before I was fit to go on duty again. I had plenty of time, while sitting at home, to turn the whole affair over and over again in my mind. I came to the conclusion that it was likely I should see Mr. Muxloe again. But, arguing from all I bad heard and read about ghosts, they had no power given them to harm one ; ail that they could do was to appear unexpectedly at strange times and places, and so make themselves as ?unpleasant as possible. The upshot of it was, that having made up my mind that I should see Mr. Muxloe again, I tried to so nerve myself as to be able to look on him without being overmuch afraid. After I got to work again, you may be sure that I looked carefully before starting on each, journey to see whether that confounded B 88 formed part of my train.. I had got an idea that I should never see Mr. Muxloe except in connection with that par ticular carriage, and, as the event proved, I was right. The first time that I found B 88 made up as part of my train was about five days after my recovery. There it was, one morning, when I went on duty, staring at me as brazen as you please. I seemed to pick it out instinctively from all the other carriages. I won't say that my heart didn't flutter a little when I first marked it. I kept my eye on it, and was not a little pleased to see a gentle man and his two sons get into it about two minutes before starting. A glance at their tickets showed me that they had booked through to a point about fifty miles beyond where I gave up charge of the train. Not being able to have the carriage to himself, Mr. Muxloe did not, on that occasion, put in an appearance. Two days later, B 88 was again included in my traiii. This time, the middle compartment remained unoccupied. From the mo ment that fact was clear to me, I felt sure that I should see Mr. Muxloe be fore the end of my jourcey. Knowing this, you might, perhaps, ask me what need there was for me to go near that particular carriage at all — or even, if I bad to pass it, why I could not keep my eyes turned another way. If such questions were put to me, my only answer would be, that I couldn't, for the life of me, keep away from the carriage. Aa often as the train came to a stand my feet seemed to drag me past it agaiust my will, aud then my eyes would turn and look, whether I wished them or not. Well, I did see Mr. Muxloe several times before the end of that jouruey. We stopped at four stations — the train was an express one — and four separate times did I see bim. But if I had been him a thousand times, I felt that I could never becorre familiar with him — never regard bim with anything but a mixed feeling of the deepest awe and aversion — a feeling too intense for me to describe to you in any words. He seemed to be always on the look-out for me, and for nobody else. The moment I came in sight of him his terrible eyes would meet mine, and then my heart would shrink within me, and every nerve in my body would quiver with dread unspL-akable. Al ways, too, he beckoned me with his long lean finger — but I took good care never to obey the summons. 1 don't want to trouble you with too many details. It is enough to say that every time I took out B 88 as a part of my train, and every time the middle com partment was unoccupied, so sure was I to see the ghost of Mr. Muxloe. You see, it was a dung I dared not talk about, for fear the company should say that a man who was in the habit of seeing ghosts was not fit to be guard of a train, and should send me about my business in consequence. I uid, how ever, talk about the ghost once or twice to my wife, and called a fool for my pains. But what else could a married man expect ? Wives, as a rule, don't like other people to call their husbands fools, but they don't object to make use of that objectionable little word them selves. Well, sir, time went on, and my life almost became a burden to me. I was a haunted man, and I bad no means of getting rid of my tormentor. I went off my feed. I no longer en joyed my dinners as I had been used to do. My eveuing pipe no longer soothed me. I began to go more into company, and to frequent the bar parlour of an evening otteuer than was good for me. You see, I could not bear the company of my own thoughts. I never liked to sit by myself after dark. E'en my sleep was broken, and disturbed with dreams of that terrible ghost. It was soon after Mr. Muxloe first began to trouble me in this way that I made up my mind to ascertain whether he could be seen by anyone besides myself. One day, when he had travelled with me all the way from Park End to the end of my journey, and we had drawn up for the collection of tickets, says I to one of the collectors, who had passed his com partment as though it were empty, and having my eye on the ghost all the time — says I : ** BUI, you have forgotton to collect that old gent's ticket in the mildie compartment of B 88.' 'Have I V says Bill, and with that he e©ea back and opens the door of B 88. ' Why, yon doffei, the compartment's empty,' says he next moment, giving the door an extra bang. ' Empty is it 7' says, I innocent-like. ' Ah! now I recollect, the old gent got out at the last station.' But the dread that was upon me deepened when I found that the apparition could be seen by no one but myself. Four, or it may be fiv--, months had gone by from the date of Mr. Mnxloe's death, when my health broke down —so much so, that I was ordered away for a month to my native air. Change of air and rest, the doctor said, would probably make * a man of me agaiu. I had not given bim the least hint as to the real cause of my illness : I was afraid I should only be laughed at for my pains. Well, I went away down north, and there I picked up appetite and strength wonderfully . Mr. M. never troubled me once ; indeed, I hid .not expected that he wonld do so, B 88 being far away from me. So it fell out that by the end of my holiday I bad grown 6u strong and hearty as almost to be able to laugh at myself as a whimsical fool who had allowed himself to be fright ened by a shadow. I fully made op my mind that rather than let myself get into such a low nervous way again, 1 would give up my situation as guard, and set up in come other line of life. So the end of my holiday came, and I started back home one cold frosty afternoon in early pring-lime, looking forward with pleas8 re o seeing my old woman and the two lads again, and wondering how my mates at the station had been getting on while I had been away. It was eight o'clock, and had long been dark, when I reached Carnhope Junction — that is, the junc tion with our own line, a place eighty miles from Park End. The guard who bad charge of the train from Cam hope was an old mate of mine. For tbe first twenty miles I travelled with him in his break, and we had a quiet chat together. Then, feeling inclined for a snooze, I left him and got into an empty second-class compartment. Here I wrapped myself well up, and was asleep in three minutes. (To be continued.) 