THE PARRAMATTA RIVER MURDERS. THE last scene in the terrible drama of these murders closed on Wednesday morning last, when, after the revolting exposure of their mangled bodies in a suburban pot house, NICHOLS and LESTER found a grave in Haslem's Creek Ceme- tery. It was not until after the drop had fallen that the public was certified of all the preliminaries, the details, and the issues of the crimes for which these men were hanged. Horrible as the en- tire history is, we are glad that it is told. Both these reckless felons made ample confessions of their guilt, and NICHOLS added a sketch of his history, and a declaration of his repentance. We now turn to these letters, which fame will carry through the world to point out their value and their significance. It was just before the sentence of death was passed upon him that LESTER avowed his part in the murder of WALKER. If we mark the time and the tenor of this disclosure, we shall see that it came from no feelings of compunction, but from a faint hope that it would show LESTER to be little less a victim of NICHOLS'S murderous designs than Mr. WALKER was, and that perhaps it might save him from the halter. But it was marked by a duplicity, if we may believe NICHOLS, which the solemnity of his position could not suppress; for when all is told, we learn that LESTER wanted not the mind, but the nerve, to blow or batter out the brains of the men whom he had first assisted to betray. On the other hand, NICHOLS made his confession just before the last dread sentence of the law was carried out, and with a view to its publication after his death. Before his trial, NICHOLS was buoyed up with a strange confidence that he should be acquitted, hence when a verdict of guilty was returned, the blow, so unexpected and fearful, smoke him to the ground. From that moment he had no hope of escape, and made no appeal for pity. But he had a part to play and he played it. We shrink from a statement of our convictions, because it may seem uncharitable, even profane, yet we are forced to conclude that the end of this man's life was in keeping with his last years. The Evening News has led the way by declaring that NICHOLS'S confession is the work of "hardened villainy," and refers thus to the subject, "lest weak minds should be misled by such sickening professions of late conversion and murderous piety." There is a need to speak of these things, but they ought not to be spoken of in this coarse and clumsy way. The con- fession must be taken for what it is worth, and amongst men intimately acquainted with human nature, opinions will be conflicting as to this man's sorrow for his crimes. It is true he expresses no distress at having sent two unoffending men, without a moment for least one reference to his crimes as being such that they must have been the work of madness; and the supervening anxiety and despair drove him almost to self destruction. But having ad- mitted so much in his behalf, we still are forced to believe that in Nichols's repentance there is not a trace of evangelical religion. Through a mis- taken notion of heroism he had aimed to be a hero in crime, and at last, not to deceive his religious advisers nor the world outside, but to be the hero still, he gives himself to duties which befit the sinful and the dying. His own words show how imperfectly he apprehended spiritual truth, and his professed ex- periences do not agree with the results of that truth's operations on human beings. This is not the place to argue on the possibility of a late repentance in a malefactor. All churches offer, even to such men, the last consolations of religion; but we record at least our fear that NICHOLS cannot be numbered with such as find favour at the eleventh hour. We have very little hope that bad men, or bad women either, will be at all influenced by these confessions of crime and contrition, taken on their merits. But to all such as yet have any power of reflection and self-control remaining, to them it must now appear plainer than ever, that our police authorities possess such facilities for detecting crime and tracking a criminal, that the chances of winning with impunity are growing less and less. The darkness does not hide and the waters do not wash away, the blood stains of murder. Dead men do tell tales, and through objects and facts which we recognise as natural, a very old maxim is again illustrated and con- firmed, "Be sure your sin will find you out." Even the most abandoned of people may now see how execrable is the fame of crime. The perpetrators of crimes die without an eye to pity them. To the public these confessions are valuable as showing that there were only two murderers and only two victims. We do not heed the statement of NICHOLS that such things had been done before. The public mind may be at peace for all this. If otherwise, we should have lived for months in great suspense, fearing every day the rising of the ghost of another murderer or another murdered man. 