PERIPATETIC PEKCILLIKGS. [By Pekambolator j Shade of Bobby Burns ! — *? There's a cbiel amang us takin' notes, and faith' — I hope he'll return 'em. You must know, Mr Editor, we had a capital enter tainment the other evening, and lots of good music ; but there was one note very much out of tune, which some facetious individual (what a sublime apprecia tion of the humorous he must have!) in a fit of abstraction, transferred into his own pocket. It was only a lark, you know ; but wouldn't it have been a queer joke if Mr Naliy had happened to have seen the little arrangement ! We can fancy how amused he would be as he pressingly urged tiiis funny man to give him a little more of his company ; and then — the magistrates the next day ! Can't you realize the idea of His Worship the Mayor being convulsed with laughter as he, at fitful intervals, faintly gasped out — 'three — months— hard — labour!' Now, Mr Editor, I dare say you have taken plenty of notes in your time, but, if I were you, I should most strongly object to unprofessional persons doing it too, at auy rate in such an unauthorized manner. I am happy to hear since, Mr Editor, that the note has been returned to the Secretary, aud is said to have been accompaaied by the following lines: — Yonng John, you must more careful be Of money to your ca^e eutrusted,_ For through your negligence last night, The.Insutute was ucariy busted. Pound notes are most uncommon scarce, This fact yoUjshou'd have recollected, And not have left so rare a prize From thievish digits unprotected. Old Richard is not always right — To pounds as well as pence hold fa^t, And stick to every National, As if it were your fist and?last. This time an honest man's the prig, And herewi h I the note enclose, Content if you've a lesson learnt, Aud have not lost too much ropise. Remember this, and I'll be bound My caution some day you'll be thauking : The deepest rogues are always found With honest.people boldly ranking. What a pleasant thing it must be to be engaged in the service uf one's country, at least so I should judge from what I saw the other day of the Drainage Committee, who did; riot look as if their duties had been so very arduous. The Committee had just returned from their victorious tour in the District of Victoria, aud certainly appeared ♦' happy and glorious ;' in fact, at the ** Goolway' I greatly ad mired the cool way with which they received the honors thrust upon them. I was agreeably surprised at the condescending demeanour of our legislators, who were not above speaking to a humble individual like myself. From what. I had heard I expected, after their experience on the Coorong, to find them rather ' stuck up.' At the dinner the speeches were torrents of eloquence. There was Conner fiom the Light to enlighten the Gentiles, supported by Ebenezer with his Light Brigade, Reynolds with his tea-potential bursts of oratory, and Barrow, who after dinner that night, if he had onlv had his ' desert,' would have been created a ' Bari-ow-Kuigh'' on the spot. Everyone appeared to be in good spirits, and good spirits in them, those of the Ministry, strange to say, not appearing at all disagreeably affected by the constant supply of ' hot water,' a commodity they evideuily expected to find in ample quantities on the opening of Parliament. By the by, talking of spirits, I hear that Mr TregHgas's ghost has been officially recognized by the London Times, and had its fame handed down to pos-teritv. Surely such ' signs of the times' are enough to raise the spirits of the Strathalbyuites. My friend Hans is always very unsettled as re gards his political opinions, and occasionally bursts out in what he i* pleased to call ' boetry.' His last .utburst is the enclosed ' gomblaint,'* which he 'has requested me to send to you. lie thinks probably its publication may have the effect of altering the state of affairs in the colouy : — It vas von Gofernor vas coome From de oldt mishTy laudt ov gakee, Dey pay fife tousliandr pcundt z; yeer_, For all de droubles vat him dakes. Him go to see de Farmer's ahow, Und dells de beoples vas ees dees; You ortroon ze pig Gonstaple, You pig von mofrVi.^dat vat you ees. Yen sellsh de landt'for blenty gash. Und makes de beoples, bay de dakshes, Den shpeudt it all on puildiuks vine, Dat pig vools vorfc, dat vat mien akshes. De beoples sendt de bariament To make ze laws mitout confusions ; Him see d'em voight like tog an gar, Den sendt dem all to — deezolutions. Him vas not (folks pout efry dings, Mien dinks him know von dings or two, Den joost you leesfen vat mien driks Poud oder dings mien dells to you. Dev puild's He railrotes troo de sclirobh, Mien dinks some fife pig mans ave vriendts ; Do dem ali vant to grab de din Uut help derselfs — is dat deir endts ? Dey puildts von grandt pig: host offees, Him g«'st von feefty i--ushandt poundt, Und vat you vant mit him mien dells — Joost rooint all ze goontry rnundt. Two hontredt toushandt poundt pehindt, Peside ze retime vat dey get, Den porrow moneys— dat zs vay Ze Irishmans shoomp out ov,tedt. Seeksh rulers ov dees leedle blace, Dey g.ist twelf toushandt poundt za yeer, Uad tnic dese tonJria dux. to bay, Mien pligedt to go initout mien peer. So*den goot pye mine vnrthv friendts Mit you new Gofermet, und may Dev, ven dey mades de telegraf, Joost findt nuff tnessashes to bay Zs gost, pont vorty poandt zts day. Well, Mr Editor, the other day I was at Welling ton on the race day. or rather the eight after ir, and was exceedingly amused at a little scene that I witnessed. You have heard of a man putting his candle under a bushel, or something to that effect ; but the man I am going to allude to didn't. Hear ing some commotion I approached the spot, animated by tbe natural feeling of an Englishman to witness a row. When I ' arrove' I found two individuals of vastly different calibre (which I consider a good word) engaged in a pugilistic encounter. Aa it was perfectly dark it was somewhat difficult for the combatants to see each other, but this was obviated bv a friend of one of the pugilists appearing ou the scene with a lighted candle, which, at every con venient opportuuity, he held in the faee of bis friend's opponent exclaiming 'now then, Jack,'1 when his friend immediately took advantage of his opponent being dazzled by the light, aud ' went in.' This method of procedure was found to he very effective. This struck me as being a strange way of conducting a fistic combat; but possibly the Wellington people are more ?' eulight e'ned' than we are ; but at any rate £ think it is a pity for the sake of fair play, that the other party couldn't find someone who '' could hold a candle to him.' What is syn-tax? Duty on whiskey. Ladies object to waxed mustaches, ' they tickle SO.' Woman first tempted man to eat; but he took to drink himself. Old buys have their playthings as well as young ones ; the difference is only in, tae price. 