FREEMAN AND THE P. P. A. All rogues and vagabonds heartily hate the policeman ; but respectable people con sider that civic officer a very useful person. The reason is obvious. Honest people re- gard the policeman as their friend and protector; but those day and midnight pests of society who look upon the law as a hardship, and upon gaols and station houses as very annoying restrictions upon liberty, detest the very name of him. as injurious to their trade. With the same hatred, and for the same reason, Freeman, and the various Butlers who serve at his table, hate and miscall the P. P. A. How could it be: otherwise ? When the Free man was preaching sedition week after week, and rearing up in our midst as rough a race of Fenian O'Farrals as ever lived, or died on a scaffold, the P. P. A. came into existence; Its existence be came a necessity. : >The priests had their Holy Guild gentlemen,- glorious Joseph Societies, and Holy Mary confraternities, through whom the politics of the country were being made subservient to the ag grandisement and extension of their Church. The city Council , was entirely in their hands. The various works of the Corporation were sacredly kept for the Irish who belonged to the Romish Church. And the Parliament itself was .practically under the dominion of- a small body of men who bargained with.', the various ministers in power, according to directions received from St. Mary's ;' and the whole country was afraid to speak out against the wrong, or take steps to destroy the priestly. Romish domination. In these cir cumstances some earnest: Protestants, profiting by the tactics of the Romanists, agreed to unite. They saw that organized bodies could not be met but by organ izing. They saw that in the usual divided and independent action of Protestants they were helpless as against the priestly con spiracy which had been growing in power for years before. Therefore they united and formed the P. P. A. ; and from that day the game of Freeman and his Butlers was spoiled, and their revenge has been " boil ing" ever since. No doubt those uniting Protestants had great " assurance." How could they dare to. oppose the Fenian Freeman and his seditious lessons ? How could they dare to resist "the Church?' Were they not afraid of " Bell, Book, and Candle ?" Did they not stand aghast at the thought of competing with the " Successors of the Apostles ?" They needed to have their life "insured;" and so they had; and their pplicies have been increased with ample bonuses ; for they have had the satisfaction of proving that it' Protestants would only unite as the Romanists do, the peace of so ciety would be for ever "assured." . The hope of Freeman and his lot lies in the dis union and independence of the Protestants. Any association of Protestants on the plan of the Holy Guild, or glorious Joseph brotherhood immediately awakens the fury of such creatures as Freeman. In his rage lie stamps and foams like a madman. He calls out "bigotry!" "inhumanity!" "ape- dom !" As the. unruly animal lashes him self into wildness he calls the P. P. A. the " ignorant scum of society," a " denatura- lized clique of political Parramatta River murderers !" He, talks of their meetings as " drunken conclaves," and their object as "blood and violence." Not yet ex hausted in such explicatives of malice, Freeman gnashes his teeth while lie bel lows that the P. P. A. are a " beastly people," "utterly insane," "utterly brutal ized and wicked ;" and then he denounces the " savagery of their language," and tell3 them that their manifesto is a "monstrous conglomeration of monstrous falsehoods !" Poor Freeman ! We are sorry to see him in. such a condition of Fenian fever. Such' paroxysms of Romish love are not good for hini ; and besides they tell a tale. They prove how untamed an animal a Fenian is; and they show besides that there is some cause. The P. P. A. has been doing a work which Freeman and his friends cannot forgive. Our readers will judge of the power of this society of United Protestants when y?e tell them that jusc before the last general election the Arch bishop and some of his priests demanded the dismissal of its secretary from his situ ation as tlie condition on. which he (the Archbishop) and his priests would continue their custom with the young man's em ployers ! He demanded this because the P. P. A. had done "the church" so much injury. He. demanded it because it was not reasonable that he and his priests could give their custom to a' shop where the very secretary of the P. P. A. was employed ; and to the everlasting shame of certain parties the Archbishop gained for a time his end, but only to be defeated in short time after ! We hope the P. P. A. will contiuue to work, and be a terror to all evil doers of the Freeman stamp. Although they are intended only , for ".defence," that is, to maintain the- liberty and rights of the whole community, they should well under stand that such defence implies and re quires "active -opposition to priestly con spirators. Of course they will only laugh and resolve all the more to be united and active, when such gentlemen as Freeman lift up the loud cry that they are a " beastly people." Country Protestantism. — The following will show how the secular newspapers in our country towns help in tho cause of Rome. It is a clipping from tho Pastoral Times. The paper is printed in Dcniliquin, is owned and edited by a Protestant, and is circulated over the wide district of Riveriua. The correspond ent on the Darling sends a weekly contribution, giving an accouut of the great events which happen in his quarter. The following is one of them so important in character, and so charac teristic in its importance that wo give it as a specimen of country Protestantism Tho Rev. Mr. Ryan, C.C., is paying the district his usual quarterly visit. He has established a Sunday- school at Menindie. The conductors arc— Mr. Egan for the elder children, and Miss O'Brien for the juniors. It is to he hoped it will succeed. An eye will be kept on it as to its management, as also to the attendance. It is aboon to the children to be taught the doc trines of their church, unalloyed with vulgarity, ignoranco, and selfishness, learned on week days." If the "correspondent" who pcuued this bo not a vulgar Romanist lie ought to be. But, whether he is or not, it is a striking proof of the charity and liberality of the Pastoral Times to put in print such a paltry attack against the Public Schools. If Romish Denominational : Schools produce such ignorance aud vulgarity as this "correspondent" displays, tho sooner their "unalloyed" teaching is discontinued the better. i The Prerogative of making Treaty.- -The fiasco lately developed in the treaty of Washing ton, respecting tho Alabama claims, has revived the discussion, whether it is wise to continue the unrevised and uncriticisod powers of'ir.aking treaties as tho prerogative of the crown. A treaty may now be made ever so carelessly, without its provisions ever being publicly known until it is too late to retreat without seriously offending tho other high contracting . power. A writer in the Daily News suggests that in England this power might still be vested as now theoretically with tho sovereign, hut tbat every treaty, after being signed, and before ratification, bo laid on the table of the House of Commons for a certain number of days, that the assembly might tacitly consent, or petition the sovereign for non-ratification. In America, ratification is a function of the senate; in Eng land of the executive. The Lord-Lieutenant and Irish Success. — Earl Spencer has been speechifying about Ireland, and taking great credit for tho im provement made by his government, that is Mr. Gladstone's, in that part of the empire. It is well to bo thankful for small mercies, — and no ordinary spectacles could make readable to dis interested eyes the signs of the good times. But Lord Spencer makes capital out of anything. The_ Protestants may be exasperated, and the Papists exacting, "home ruleism" may flourish and policemen be shot ; but at the recently opened competitive examinations for the civi' service, Irishmen on English soil took two-thirds of all the places, as they had previously done in the Indian scholarships. Now we are proud of our countrymen's intellect, and of the colleges which send them out — but surely these successful students were not tlie class whose disaffection was feared, whose loyalty was to be won. What is shown is that the loyal educated youth of Ireland, who are mostly Protestant, i | and almost entirely taught in Protestant estab- bailments, are able to show their superiority in I every field, but the priest-leil mass remains as 4 ever — foroeious, ignorant, slavish, superstitious, j and abjectly poor. If Earl Spcucur and Mr. Gladstone wish to plunge them d per in the mire — they have only to do as one 01 thern has hinted — throw all the schools into the bauds of Cardinal Cullen and his priests, with the im mense sum voted for education, and establish a Popish university, solely under ecclesiastical control. The Bishop of Tasmania and the Church of the future. — This Right Reverend Prelate lias been disputing himself in an English Maga zine, on what he calls Christian Union. He professes the largest liberality — all denomina tions, at all events, those which go by tho general name of dissenters in England, and the English Church are to unite in one external organization ; and have no more difference even in church government. Well, but how ? Nothing easier ; the other bodies arc to have their children confirmed, and to embrace episco pacy, and presto ! it is done. They are to be permitted to retain their own little practices and amiable meeknesses, but tho sine qua jwne is to episcopacy. We do not wonder that the Wes- loyans do not exactly see it. Nor tho Inde« pendents, nor any one else, indeed — cannot the bishop join us in saying there shall bo a church knowing no distinction hut " Jesus Christ and him crucified," and leaving episcopacy as free Presbytery, or Congregationalism, and yet he Lulheian ? " Something more literal than that childish absurdity of expecting unity by forcing all to think as he does upon his little idol prelacy. The Comet not Coming. — The Daily Telci graph is responsible for the canard which an« nounces the rapid approach of a huge comet which has to strike the earth at an early date. But it lias since been informed that astronomers . have found that there is no such comet, and that the " professor " who was said to have announced it, had no knowledge of comets, as " professed " none — and, in fact, there was 110 ground for alarm. In truth, had tho comet come, however huge and rapid, it is very probable our poor old mother earth would have Celt 110 inconvenience, and we, her inhabitants, would have known nothing about it. One cannot see the sun through a puff of steam from a locomotive, but one can see a star through many thousands of miles of the nucleus of a comet. We can so judge of the extreme tenuity of tho light vaper which composes the body. History of Rome — It is a standing rule with the Council of Education that history is excluded from tho schools ; but among tho subjects re quired in the University general examinations for pupils in the several schools, seuior and junior, history is found ; as indeed might fairly ho expected. Now tho public schools send up boys to these examinations. The consequence is that tlie schoolmaster, in addition to his hard work in school hours, has to devote his only hours of relaxation to extra- lessons in history — and he ard the hoys are deprived of their neces sary exercise between hours. So much health is 8 mply sacrificed to tho Moloch of Popish con cession. Is there any other sect for whose whims aud foolish prejudices the Government would oxcludo a necessary fundamental subject from the curriculum ? If history shatnts the Church of Rome, so much the worse for, that church. Science equally shames her, and yet the schools have not yet excluded astronomy and the planetary revolutions ; but wci have 110 security « that they will not. Onr legislators never seem to remember that if Popish bishops dislike his tory in tho schools, Protestant parents desire it — and that, in deference to tho prejudices of those, they are unjustly oppressing these. There is no more ludicrous comment on tlio absurdity of the modern system of concession than the acknowledged fact of its logical sequence here — the abandonment of history as a subject of school instruction. If wc have to choose be tween history and Rome— give us, by all means, the history ; and let Rome help herself. So they have done in America. ' If 'history act tho part of Gideon to Baal, why not leave tho con troversy between them. " Jerub- baal — let Baal plead." St. Paul's College and its new Fellow.— On the 11th instant, the fellows elected the Bishop of Grafton and Armidalo to the vacancy caused by tlie death of the Rev. Mr. Peudrill, This body of fellows far more numerous than their mildest expectations of students, have always occupied a most extraordinary position. It. is in reality that which in theory tlie American citizen boasts of : — ' every man a governor, and not a man governed.' They have only added additional zest to the absurdity, a little more reason for emptying their halls, a little more distrust of the college, by tbo election of Bishop Turner. The College has done and is doing nothing. Generous persons have given money to endow exhibitions which go a begging. It is not that 110 students will take the pains to com pete for them, but they will not even take them when offered. The building is going into dis repair, the roof threatening to fall. It is well we need not fear that it will smash any learned heads ; for the halls are empty. The board of follows were to do something— but look over their names — with a very few of exceptions, what claim of scholarship do they possess 1 Several are not even graduates of any university. Of those who are, how many have distinguished themselves in their career ? And if wo descend only to utility as a hoard, what do we ever hear of their doing to wipe away from such an insti tution its reproach of inanition ? Now they have Bishop Turner whose University career we have yet to learn before we. can admire, and who, from non-residence, cannot attend to any collegiate or board duties, if there by any, and whose sole claim to tho position is his attach ment to the sacerdotal school of semi Popery, and his assertion of their fancies in his diocese, even to the secession of some of the best friends of the Church of Englaud. When, Oh ! when shall we get litl of shams ? Talent of tiie Anglo Irish. — We extract tlie following from the speech of the Lord Lieutenant at tho Mansion House banquet in Dublin : — " If we look to what has taken place in regard to those examinations it is eminently satisfactory to those interested in Ireland. The first examination open to the whole country was held just about one year ago, in February; 1S71, for 80 places in the excise. There wore alto gether 721 candidates. From England, 272 ; from Scotland, 121 ; and from Ireland, 328. More than half the entire number of 80 places were got by Irish candidates. In the second examination there were 20 clerkships to be com peted for, and the Irish candidates got 8. In the third GO places in the Excise were competed for and Irish candidates got 42. In the fourth, 20 clerkships were the prize, of which seven wore got by Irish ; the head boy came from Cork (hear, hear). Now, I believe this to be of great importance to this country. It shows that the youth in Ireland are veity ambitious to take office in the Civil Service of the country ; it shows, moreover, that when they compete with youths from other parts of the kingdom they nobly sustain the intellectual powers of of Irishmen. When we look back to see what could be done 100 years ago, we perceive what an immense advance this is, and what an im mense field is opened to the career of young men in this country, and how it has developed the intellect and education of the country. Now, there are some remarkable instances of success in regard to these examinations. There was one boy who, 1 believe, took the first place at an examination, who came from a remote part of Kerry— a part of the country which, in days gone by, hacl been desolated by the famine. This hoy never left his native village, and never had another teacher but his own father, who happened to he a Natioual school teacher in the village of Sheem. He carnc up to Dublin and had the honour of taking the first place in the United Kingdom at the examination which was held here for the purpose. This Return of the Bishop of Sydney. — j?rotestants of all denominations will rejoice at the return of the wise and godly chief minister of the Church of England. Under his auspices, the Scriptural and evangelical character of that church has been maintained and vindicated, semi-popish innovations discouraged, and men of power, and Protestant sympathisers intro duced into the diocese. His charges to the clergy have argued down with calm but unsparing logic \- the monstrous fiction of the priesthood as a function of the Christian ministry, and while exteudiug to all his clergy, even to those whose views he could not favour, the true Protestant liberty, and the true courtesy of a dignified for bearance, he never left it in the power of any to mistake his own cherished principles, — these of the Glorious Reformation. Lt would have been a serious loss both to his own church, and to all true Christians in New South Wales, had any cause prevented his return, and we heartily welcome him to his diocese. He has been ap propriately welcomed by the addresses of his clergy, and by a service of praise in his Cathe dral. We could, however, have desired that the address had been somewhat warmer and less general and commonplace, and that some of its sentences dragged less heavily : — hut we are aware of the difficulty attending the composition of such things. They are born in an atmosphere of decorous stiffness, or being hastily put toge ther, are illuminated and fixed before time is given for their correction. What is the use of an Architect ?— This question has suggested itself by a case just now presented-by the affairs of the Parsonage of St. Matthias , Paddington. The Committee met the architect and stipulated with him for plans and specifications for a house whose cost was to be within a certain sum. These were supplied, and on the architect's estimate being given, he, was requested to advertise for tenders to be sent to the Secretary of the Committee. The archi tect, however, alters the advertisement, direct ing the tenders to be sent to himself, whose amounts (not the original tenders) he produces at the next meeting, with a note of his own recommending, not the lowest tender, the only one within his estimate, but another of £200 higher, as "a moderate tender," and on being directed to accept the lower on condition of se curity, the contractor revises his estimate ask ing £200 more.. Now, if the architect's estimate was good, how could the higher tender he moderate ? And if it was bad, of what use is it to employ him at the expense of 5 per cent on the cost of the building ? We advise in all cases a stipulation with the architect, that the terms of 5 per cent, should be contingent on his estimate not being exceeded. The Bible as a History, fe.-We have already noticed the first instalment of this little work, -by Mr. John Davis, whose success in deal ing with the usual infidel arguments has been well proved. He challenges in these lectures the stock arguments of Paine, and completely demolishes them, apparently with scarcely an effort, letting the Bible itself tell its own story. Since the notorious " Age of Reason " has been lately republished and diligently circulated, and since the school of Stylites in Sydney has not hesitated to avow sympathy with its ribaldry ; we recommend our readers to procure and circu late this little bcok of Mr. Davis', which ,shows how entirely imaginary are the objections, and how ignorant and false tho recriminations against the Scriptures, of Mr. Tom Paine. We may add that it will well repay the trouble, if having seen the discomfiture of Paine, one opens the more refined Colenso, and having expected something new, or more learned, or at least more plausible, he discovers precisely the repe tition of Paine's exploded objections and argu ments, hashed up as if they had never been answered, without even an allusion to the well- known reply of Bishop Watson, who long ago slew them. Colenso was in fact but the ghost of Paine — what answers one, answers the other. In fact in a great measure even the very words of the propositions are the same. The Grounds of tbe American Claims. — While the American Government are considering whether they will act in a friendly spirit of com mon sense in regard to their presposterous pre tensions to a claim for indirect damages, it may be useful to recall a circumstance which shows how exceedingly shallow are the grounds of their demand for even direct damages. Wc have no means of knowing whether the fact has been placed before the Arbitrators, in " the British Case," but it is not a little singular that after the escape of the Alabama, at that time known as "290," from Liverpool— owing to the delay which occurred in making out the proof of her falling within the provisions of the Foreign Enlistment Act — and in full knowledge of her escape, Mr. Seward direct el Mr. Adams, the United States Minister in London, to thank her Majesty's Foreign Secretary in the following terms : — "So also in the action you have taken in regard to tho piratical vessels Oreto ' and 4 290,' aud our protest against tho perversion of the neutral privileges of the island of Nassau. You will, on proper occasion, make known to Earl Russell the satisfaction which the President has derived from the just and friendly proceed ings and language of the British government in regard to these subjects." This passage is con tained in a despatcli from Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams in reply to one explaining how it came to pass that the opinion of the law officers of the Crown was not given more promptly, and how, before the order to seize tho ship reached Liver pool, "290" had sailed. Picvious despatches hacl acknowledged, first, that the original blunder and real cause of all the delay was the neglect of the American consul at Liverpool to present such legal proofs of the purpose of the gunboat building in Mr. Laird's yard as he possessed, and which he had been directed Jby Mr. Adams to give ; and, second, that in point of fact, the mismanagement and "forgetfulness" of Captain Craven, of tbe Tuscarora, had " put an end to every chance of his success" in stopping "290" when she sailed, as she did, "without register or clearance " from the port of Liverpool. We venture to hope that these im portant facts have not been omitted from the arguments addressed to the Arbitrators. Before an impartial tribunal they must certainly cut the ground from under any plea for compensa tion for an aliened injury "crowing out of " the proceedings of the gunboats. The facts speak for themselves. — Olobe. Mr. Fawcett has given notice for to-day of his Bill to Abolish Religious Tests in tho Uni versity of Dublin, and he will be supported by large numbers of members on both sides of the House. The heads of Trinity College are known to be in favour of the measure. They offer to do willingly more than Oxford or Cambridge could be induced to do unwillingly. They con sent that all denominations should be placed on a footing of perfect equality iu everything that concerns the honours, emoluments, aud author ity of the College, and Mr. Gladstone will be forced to accept this fair settlement or to con vince Parliament that the Roman Catholic Bishops are entitled to more than "a fair field and no favour, " and to explain what he proposes to do for tbem. lt will not be possible to avoid an explicit statement of his intentions by an other "count out." And as he has already stated he does not propose to found and endow a Roman Catholic College or University, Par liament will only have to choose between an impossible scheme of an examining body which would soon fall under the power of the Ultra montane party, and the University of Dublin, with its great reputation and means of instruc tion, and holding out to Irishmen of every creed an equal inducement to avail themselves of its advantages. If the friends of unsectarian education are watchful and full of courage theii victory is assured. 