PutYourseif in his Place BY CHAELES KEADE, Esq Chapter X. — Continued. 'Kb; I can do it, if you ?will only give nie another word of hope to keep me going- and oh, I need it, if you knew all.' Grace began to look uneasy. ' Mr. Little' can you doubt that you have my best wishes ? said she, guardedly, and much less warmly than she had spoken just before. '? No, I don't doubt that ; but what I fear is that when I have pained tlie hard battle, and risen in the world, it will be too late. Too late.' Gra^e turned more and more uncomfor ' Oh, pray wait a few mouths, and see what I can do, before you ? ' table. Will it be believed that Mi1. Oarden, who seldom came into this room at all, must walk in, just at this moment and interrupt them ? He was too occupied in his own affairs, to pay much attention to their faces, or perhaps he might have asked himself why the young man was so pale, and his daughter so red. ' I heard you were here Little, and I want to speak to you on a matter of some impor tance.' Grace took this opportunity, and made her escape from the room promptly. Henry, burning inwardly, had to listen po litely to a matter he thought pitiably unimpor tant campared with that, which had been broken off. But the ' Gosshawk' had got him in its clutches ; and was resolved to make him a decoy duck. He was to ouen a new vein of Insurances. Workmen had, hitherto, acted with great folly and imprudence in this respect, and he was to cure them, by precept as well as example. Henry assented, to gratify a person, whose goodwill he might require, and to get rid of a bore. But that was not so easy ; the 'Goss- hawk' was full of this new project, and had a great deal to say, before he came to the point and offered Henry a percentage on the yearly premium of every workman, that should be insured in the' Gosshawk.' This little bargain struck, H«nry was left alone; and waited for the return of Miss Oarden. He was simple enough to hope she would come back, and have it out with him. She kept carefully out of his way, and, at last, he went sadly home. ™ ' Ah,' said he, ' Jael gave me bad advice. I have been premature, and frightened her,' He would go to work his own way again, In forty-eight hours he moved into his new house, furnished it partly : bought a quantity of mediocre wood carving, and improved it; put specimens in his window, and painted his name over the door. This, at his mother's re quest and tearful entreaties, he painted out again, and, substituted ' Rowbotham.' Nor was Rowbotham a mere non de plume It was the real name of Silly Billy. The boy had some turn for carving, but was quite un cultivated : Henry took him into his employ, fed him, and made free with his name, With all this he found time to get a key made to fit the lock of Oairnhope old Church. At one o'clock on Thursday morning he came to Cheetham s works, and scratched at the gate. A big workman opened it. It turned out to be Cheetham himself, in a moleskin suit, and a long beard. The forge on wheels was ? all ready, also a cart containing anvil, bellows, and luniner. pincers, leathern buckets, and a quantity oi steel lathes. They attached the forge to the tail of the cart, and went on their silent ex pedition. Cheetham drove the cart. Henry iollowed af ar off until they had cleared the sub urbs. They passed ' Woodbine Villa.' A single light was burning. Henry eyed it wistfully, and loitered long to look at it. Something told him that the light was in her bedroom. Be could hardly tear himself away from contem plating it : it was his pole-star. There was only one great difficulty in their way ; a man on a horse might cross the moor; but a cart must go by ' R&by; Hall ' to reach the church : and, before they got within a fur long of the hall, a watch-dog began to bark. ' Stop, sir,' whispered Henry. ' I expected this.' He then produced some pieces of thick felt, and tied them with strings round the wheels. They then drove by the house as fast as they could. They did not deceive the dogs ; but no man heard them, or saw them. They got to the church, opened the door and drew the forge into the deserted build ing. As soon as they got inside, Cheetham cast his eyes around and gave a shudder, ' You must have a stout heart : no money should tempt me to work here by myself. Lord ! What's that?' For a low musical moan was heard. Oheetham darted back, and got to the church door. Henry's heart beat faster : but he lighted his lantern, and went up the aisel. The place was solemn, grim, gaunt, and mouldering, and echoed strangely ; but it was empty. He halloed to his companion that it was all right. Then they set the forge up near a pillar at the entrance into the chancel. When they had done this, and brought in the steel lathes, the sacks of coals, &e.;, Cheetham produced a flask, and took a pull of neat brandy. This gave him courage, and he proposed to have a look round before they went. Accordingly they inspected the building. When they came round to the chancel, sud denly there was a rattle, and a tvemend ous rush of some huge thing that made a cold wind and blew out the light. Henry was appalled, and Cheetham dropped the lantern, and ran, yelling. And soon Henry heard his voice in the churchyard call ing on him to come out. He did go out, and felt very much puzzled and alarmed. However he got matches from Cheetham and went back, and lighted the lan tern, quaking a little, and then he found that the great mouldering picture over the altar had rotted away from some of its supports, and one half of it was now drooping, like a monst He returned with the lantern, and told Cheetham what it was.' Then he screwed on the lock, locked the church, and they went back to HDlsborough in good spirits. But, as he lay in bed, Henry thought the matter over, and, for the first time in liis life, felt superstitious. 'It is very odd,' he said, 'that an old picture my forefathers have worshipped under, and prayed to no doubt, should flap out in my face, the moment I offered to set up my forge among their dead bones.' Daylight dispersed these superstitious feelings, and the battle began. As usual, the first step towards making money, was to part with it. He could do nothing without a horse and a light cart. In Hillsborough they drive magnificent horses in public cabs : Henry knew one in particular, that had often spun up the steepest hills with him ; a brute of prodigious b'one and spirit. He bought this auimal for a moderate price, considering his value; and then the next thing was — andi ndeed with some of us it precedes the purchase of the animal — to learn to ride. He had only two days to acqmre this accom plishment in ; so he took a compendious method. He went to the circus, at noon, and asked to see ? tke clown. A gloomy fellow was fished out of the nearest public, and inquired what he wanted. ?' The clown.' ' Well, I am the clown.' '' What ! youths merry chap that mikes the I fan ?' said Henry incredulously. I ' ' I make the fuiiat night,' replied the man | dolefully. ' If you want fun ont of me, come and pay your sliitlinglike a man.' ; 'But it isnU fun Ttc come for. I want to. learn to ride.' i ' Then you=are too old. Why, we begin as j soon as we can stand on a horse's back. j ' Oh I don't mean to ride standing. I want - to sit a horse, rearing, or plunging, or blundering over rough ground.' ' What will you stand.' ' A sovereign.' 'The clown dived into the pubhe-house, [and told a dark seedy man, with his black hair j plastered and rolled effeminately, that he had got a bloke who would stand a quid for a mount. The two came out, and the plastered Italian went to the stables : the melancholy punster conducted Henry into the arena, and stood beside him, like Patience on a monument. Presently a quiet mare ran in, and stuck. Henry was mounted, and cantered her round the two men instinctively following in a smaller circle, with jaws as long as your i arm. I ' This is delightful,' said Henry ; ' but I j might as well be sitting in a chair. What I want is a Prancer.' Then they brought him another horse, just as docile as the mare. The obedient creature, at a signal, reared suddenly, and seated Mr. Little on the sawdust behind him A similar ? result was attained several times, by various means. l,'.But Henry showed himself so tough, j courageous, and persistent, that he made great I progress, and his good humour won his pre ceptors. They invited him to come to-morrow at an earlier hour, and bring half a qiud with him. He did so, and this time there was an American rider rehearsing, who showed Henry what to do, and what not to do ; and gave him a most humourous and instructive lesson. Indeed, his imitations of bad riding were so truthful and funny, that even the clown was surprised into one laugh ; he who rarely smiled unless in the way of buisness. ' Well, sir,' said Henry, ' you have given me a good lesson ; now take a hint from me ; just you go and do all this before the public ; for I never saw you do anything half as droll.' They all three shook their heads with one accord. Go out of the beaten track, before an audience? Never. Such vagaries were only admissible in private. After this second day, the fee was reduced to Bmt, on the third day, the pupil combined theory with practice. He told his mother he was going to Cairnhope for the night. He then rode off to Cairnhope church. -He had two large saddle-bags, containing provisions, and tools of all sorts. He got safe acrossjthe moor just before sunset. He entered the church, led the horse in with him, and put him into the squire's pew. He then struck a light, went into the chancel, and looked at the picture. It was as he had left it ; half on the wall, half drooping over the alter-place. The walls were dank, and streaked here and there with green. His footsteps echoed, and the edifice was all dark, except within the rays of his lantern ; it also sang and moaned in a way to be accounted for by the action of the wind on a number of small apertures ; but neverthe less, it was a most weird and ghostly sound. He was glad of the companionship of his very horse. He took his buckets to the mountain stream, and, in due course, filled his trough, and left one bucket full for other uses. He then pre pared and lighted his forge. As he plied the bellows, and the coals beamed brighter and brighter monumental figures came out and glared at him ; multilated inscriptions wavered on the walls ; portions of the dark walls them selves gleamed full in the light, and showed the strea kand stains of age and weather, and the shadow of a gigantic horse's head ; and, as the illuminated part seemed qn fire by contrast, so the dark part of the church was horribly black and mysterious, and a place out of which a ghost or a phantom might be expected, at any moment, to come forth into that brilliant patch of light. [to be continued.'! 