Local & General News. VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT.—The committee n the volunteer movement are requested to attend a meeting at the band room on Wednesday ' evening next, 12tli instant, at half-past G o'clock : Bharp. 1 'DuymiCT OounT.—The sittings of the District Court will be held on Tuesday, the 18th instant before his Honor Judge M'Farlane. As will be seen by advertisement, Mr.'Thurlow will be in attendance at the Court on that day, and may be consulted at Mr. Moss's Central Hotel. ^f Wednesday next is the last day for filin T plains. A NEW BISHOPIUC,—it is reported (says the Goulburn Argus) on what may be deemed good authority that a new Protestant Bishopric is to be created in the Southern district, and that the VewkMo A^oUdeacon Lillingston Mnte of j Yass)'will return to the colony as its first 5 bishop WHAT NEXT?—The Civil Service Co-opera-! tive Society of Sydney have advertised for tenders for timing pianos belonging to its members. I COMMUTATION OF SENTENCES.—At tlie Executive Council held on Friday, the 31st ultimo, three capital oases which had been disposed of by Government, before tlie present Government came into office, were reconsidered. The first was the caae of Billy (Wide Bay), ablackfellow who was convicted of rapo at Tamworth, which was reconsidered on a letter addressed to the Colonial Secretary by Mr. Justtce Hargrave,, who tried the ease. The second was the case of Jack Allday, who was capitally convicted at the Batliurst Circuit Court, before Sir William Manning (acting Judge), and which was reconsidered on a petition from tlie inhabitants, specially reported upon by tho Judge who tried the case. The third was the case of a Chinaman, Te Eean, sentenced to death for murder at Yass, by Mr. Justice Cheeke, and which was reconsidered on a petition signed by all the magistrates and other inhabitants of Yass, which petition, amongst other things, stated a fact new to the Executive, that the prisoner had previously been confined for insanity. In all these cases the extreme sentence was commuted to transportation for life. It was also decided that the sentence of death passed upon Baker, for murder at-Newcastle, should be commuted to ten years' imprisonment UIXADULLA LIQHTHODSE.—Tlie tender of Mr. William Lever for the erection of a cottage for the Lighthouse keeper at Ulladulla has been accepted by the Government THE MAIL STEAMEB AND THE NEW GOVEBNOE. —The mail steamer Nubia, with his Excellency Sir.Hercules Bobinson on board,. passed Wollongong vei-y close to the land last Sunday, at -1 O'clock. ' She arrived in Port Jack6on at 5 in : the afternoon, being five days before her contract Itfme. • On her appearing round Bradley^ Head^'H.lLS. Clio ran up the usual colours at her mastheads, and on the steamer bringing up the band played the National Anthem. The Honorable the Premier, accompanied by Captain Hixson and Mr. Moriarty, were the first to boarA^he Nubia and welcome his Excellency. His Excellcncy and family shortly afterwards landed, and proceeded-jto Government House. A considerable number of persons had' assembled in the vicinity of Fort Macquarie, and the new Governor was loudly cheered as he stepped on shone. The public landing took place on Monday at noon, in the presence of' 15,000 spectators. NICHOLS AND LESTEB.—At a meeting of the Executive Council last week, it was decided that the law should take its course in the case of Nichols and Lester, for the Parnunatta Biver murders, and the date of their execution has been fixed for Tuesday, the 18th instant MR. HAEGBAVEB.—This gentleman, whose claim to the honour end to the reward of bung the firetdiscoverer of gold in.this colony, is now in Victoria endeavouring to obtain the reWard of £2619. He has already received from Victoria £2381. ; THE $HOAUIAVEN BEEFS.—Several gentlemen ^eayejhe IUawarra Mercury) havo left this district within the past few days and weeks for the quartz reefs at the Shoalhaven, near Spring Creek. A good many claims and leases have been taken up there, and parties who have visited the locality and hav£ returned here again, arc almost without exception high in their opinion and expectations regarding the auriferous nature of the reefs which abound in tho neighbourhood mentioned. k - . BOOMS ron PUTYIN AN OEQAN.—The following " rooles" are given as new by the New •York Musical Gazette :—" 1. When a him is gave out to be sung, play over the whoal toon before singin, but bo sure to play «o they cant tell whether its that toon or some other toon. It will amooze the people to guess. 2, When you play tlie interioods, sumtiracs pull all tho stoppers out, and sumtimes pull them all in ; tlie stoppers is made to pull out "and in. 3. Play tlie interioods about twice as long as the toon ; the interioods is the best of the mewsic, and should be the longest 4, Play from tlie interioods into the toon without letting them know when the toon begins ; this will teach them to mind thare bizness. 5. Always play the interioods' faster or slower than the toon. This will keep it from bein the same time as the toon. -THE GAP ,C!A6ES. j —Oil Monday, morning last, at the Watet-Polioe Court, Mr. Pilcher, who appeared'on behalf of the Cab Owners Association, objected to any magistrate sitting who was a ratepayer of the city, who had shares in any company, or whose life was insured. Mr. Driver, City Solicitor, agreed that a ratepayer was ineligible to dispose of tlie casos, and some months ago he told one of the Corporation officers that whenever that objection was taken it would be fatal, but with reference to the other grounds of objection, he had the highest legal authority for saying they were childish. The Water Police Magistrate, not being a ratepayer, decided to hear tlie cases, and Mr. John Williams retired from the Bench. Mr. Pilchcr then refused to allow his client to plead unless ordered, to d.o so by the Bench. Tlie Water Police Magistrate directed the defendant before the Court toplead, and ho replied, " Not guilty." Mr. Pilcher again urged that the by- laws produced were not originals, and that the certificate required by the 8th section of the Hackney Carriage Act was not aflixcd thereto. Mr. Cowper adjourned the case for a fortnight, for tiregonsideration of tlie points r,iiRpf)r ^CAUTION TO SMOKERS.—The Bombala Times says:—Last week, Mr. George Kimber, formerly of this town, fell down apparently lifeless,' remaining some time unconscious. Dr. O'Reilly was sent for, under whose treatment he has completely recovered. The doctor says that the fumes of tobacco, taken on an empty stomach, have a most deleterious effect on the system, even temporarily impeding the heart's action. The patient in the above case has partaken freely of the noxious weed before breakfast. ^ BANKERS' DISCITUNE.—'The bank cli dent 011 the New South Wales gold-fields having beeu forbidden by thoir directors to hold mining shares, a correspondent of tlie Gulgong Guardian thus chaffs the unhappy sufferers :—I re- member, a great many years aim. I ImH I hillet at tlie head office of a colonial bank had, after much care and perseverance, coaxed A maiden moustache into a visible"' growth, Many of my fellow-disciplos of Cocker had raised a similar crop, of which they were proud. To our horror and disgust there was an order issued one day, duly signed, " That 110 officer of the bank at tlie head office was to wear a moustache between the hours of 9.15 a.m. and 4 p.m. under pain of severe displeasure! The distress caused by this order was indescribable I DAKGEEOUS SOMNAMBULISM.—It is reported from Newcastle by the Pilot of Saturday that an accident of a very serious character, happened at-the Borehole to a man named James Gilroy, on Wednesday night The unfortunate sufferer, while under tlie influence of somnambulism, fell from tlie top story of liis residonqe—a height of about forty feet, thereby sustaining a compound fracture of the right thigh. Gilroy was at once attended to by Dr. Swayne, who, after setting the limb, gave an order for the patient's admissioiTto the hospital, where he received every possible attention act the hands of Dn Harris. CHESS MATCH.—The chess match played on Friday, the 24th ultimo, between seven representatives of'this colony and a like number of South Australian players, resulted .in a'victory for the former by two igamcs. NEW THEATEE.—A company is in course of formation for the purpose of erecting a new theatre off Burdekin Terrace, South Head Bo ad. Tho capital required iB £8000. DEATH OF THE BEV. FATHER COQHLAN.—WO regret to record the death of the Bev. Father Coghlan, Boman Catholic Priest, which took place at his residence at West Dapto early on Monday morning. PBOPOSBD NEW LINB os ATLANTIC STEAH- EUS.—A new company has been promoted at "York, with atjcapit*lof.eleven millions of: dollars, to l>uild sixj steamers 'on a largo -scale, to run between New Yorjt and Liverpool. The new line is, to be called the, Bandall Steamer Company. The tonnage of "each ship will be 8000 tonB, and each -will be 625 feet long, 66 feet beam, anddrawing«14 feet of water. They will accommodate 1000 first-class and 1600 secondclass passengers. The guaranteed speed is to be twenty miles an hour, so that, if the project succeeds, the run across the Atlantic will he accomplished in a much shorter time than at present; the Cunard average time being, we think, about nine and n half days across.— Shippers' Circular, March 1. MOBBB T. A. S. N. COMPAST.—ThiB action, which it may be remembered arose out of the stranding of the steamer Boomerang, after being decided in 'the Colonial Court against the Company, was by them taken to the Privy Council. The Directors received a telegram per Nubia stating that the decision of the inferior Court had been , reversed, and judgment given for tho defendants. " EXBCHJTIOH.—At Bathnrst on Tuesday last, John Conn,, for toe murder of a. woman in March last, -was executed in Bathurst gaoL There Was a frightful scene. The head was vsTenched from the body, and remained in the rope until taken down by the hangman. ETEENAL PuHisnMimT.—Tho Bev. D. Allen, on Tuesday night, lectured upon (he doctrine of Eternal Punishment versus that of Annihilation and Universal Bcstoration,"" the former being maintained to bo a Bible truth, and , the latter tho blasphemies of modern infidelityT" TShie tev^ lecturer, who handled his subject with mncl); fluency of diction, sucoeeded in arresting tho attention of liis audience throughout a pungent and interesting, discourse, wherein he contended with much -fervency- for the -never-ceasing piinishment of the impenitent Wicked. The attendance, owing probably to tho inclemency of the weather, was small. - THE MAILS TEE NUMA.—The mails received per B.M.S. Nubia consisted of 5 boxes, 141 bags, and 11 packets, containing os follows :—Australian colonies, 1043 letters, 101 books, 681 newspapers; East India and China, 729 letters, C8 books, 923 newspapers; Southern Europe, 592 letters, 73 newspapers'; France, 199 letters, 6 books, 117 newspapers ; Lbndon, via Southampton, 9191 letters, 300 books, 31,000 newspapers ; London, via Brindisi, 5369 letters,*220 books, 4800 newspapers. Total—17,123 letters, G98 books, 47,854 newspapers." STICKINQ-UP.—Mr. Samper, storekeeper, and Mr. Allum, a clerk in the Bank of New South Wales, Gulgong, hav.e reported that tlicy were stuck-up to-day, two find a liaif miles from Gul- •gong, as they vere rfelurniiYg from Home Rule. The former lost £100 aild his watch ; the latter planted his money, and did npt lose anything. BOROUGH OF WOLIJONQOKG.—It is notified in tlie Gazette that AlderiiAin Thomas Collins has been elected Mayor of the Borough of Wollongong for tlie remainder of the' eurrent municipal year, vice Alderman F. B. Cole, resigned. LEO OF MUTTON.—An English gentleman wishing lo know exactly what was the loss ill cooking, and what the proportion of aolid food in an ordinary joint, had a leg of mutton - weighed as it came from the butcher's shop, weighed ngnin when cooked, and the meat then pared off and weighed. Before roasting, tlie leg of mutton weighed 9 lbs. 10 ozs.; after roasting, 6 lbs. 12 ozs.; weight of cooked meat i lbs. 13 oz.; weight of bone, 1 lb. 15 oz. ; of gravy, 10 07.. In paying for a legjpf mutton at 9Ad. a pounfl, our slice of cooked mutton costs us at the rate of at least Is. 6d. a pound! Australian mutton cooked and without bone can be bought for half this price. - CniM. Cos.—SUOBT v, BEATTIE.—At- the Supreme Court on Taesaay last, before his Honor Judge Faucett, an action of criminal conversation was tried. The declaration charged tho defendant with the seduction "of the plaintiff's wife. Damages were laid at £1000. Tho causeB of action were tacitly admitted, there being no plea upon the record, and the jury being enipamicllcd to assess damages only. Mr. Healy, iu6tmcted by Mr. Davis, appeared for thoplaintiff; the defendant was not represented. It was proved that tlie plaintiff, Mr.. John Henry Short, had been formally on amicable terms with his wife, to whom he was married on the 21st April, 1869 ; but that on August 1st, 1870, she had left her home at Newtown, without any ostensible reason, and had since resided at Mudgee and elsewhere with tho defendant, Mi-. George Beattie, a shoemaker. There waR 110 evidence of any misconduet on the part ot the plaintiff. Proof was adduced that tlie declaration had been personally served on the defendant, who said he did not intend to take any notice of tlie proceedings. His Honor told the jury that they must regard all the circumstances of the case 60 far as they were, revealed by the evidence, and award such reasonable damageB as they considered the plaintiff was entitled to recover. Tlie jury, wliliout leaving the box, found a verdict for tlie full amount claimed, £1000. SURVEY OF THE COAST.—Tho Government steamer Pharos (says the Melbourne Argus) returned yesterday from a surveying cruise to the WCBI ward of Cape Ot way. Her commander, Lieutenant Stanley. K.N., has furnished tho following report:—" The whole coast line of tho colony is now complete, and but for the very largo proportion of bad days upon which no seawork could be done, the soundings would have nearly aU been taken. As it is, there remains sufficient to occupy the marine surrey party for the next summer season. It is intended to make careful observation of the currents, but for this it is ncccsstiry that a hotter vessel than the Pharos should be employed, as they have to bo obserred cither during or immediately after heauy weather, at which time, it may be remarked, the Pharos is obliged to remain at anchor. It is not unlikely that King's Island will be surveyed, in which case it will bo taken in hand at the commencement of the next summer season, and be proceeded with simultaneously with tho other remaining work. If so, it will not take many montliB lo complete.. The Pharos (as appeared in a notice to mariners) narrowly" escaped striking , on an unknown rock. MtntDEB AT NEWCASTLE.—At the Central Criminal Court on Wednesday last, before Mr. Justice Hargrave, Charles Baker was placed at the bar to stand his trial on the charge of feloniously killing and murdering Mark Hadley, at Newcastle, on the Dtlr May instant. The evidence showed that a .dispute had arisen between a number ol seamen on the Market Wharf, Newcastle, during which the deceased was stabbed in the neck, and died shortly afterwards. The jury had to decide whether tho wound was inflicted by the prisoner or another seaman named Clarke.: The Solicitor-General prosecuted for the crown, and Mr. .Buchanan,, at the request of the judge, defended the prisoner. A. verdict of guilty with a strong re- - commendation to mercy, was returned. On being asked what he had to Bay as a reason why - sentence of death should not be passed upon him, the prisoner in a firm Voice, answered, ".X am innocent." His Honor passed sentence of death upon the prispner, intimating that the recommendation of thojury'to mercy would be the Executive. Tke 'prisoner ' again said: "Your Honor, laminnoceril."' The prisoner was then removed front the dock. SEPAEATION OP IHE JSLCHUOKB FBOIC THB CLABEKCE.—A public meeting Was held in the Court- house, (Jasinc, on Saturday-evening, • May 18, for the purpose of. considering , what Steps should be taken for the formation of the proposed Richmond -and Tweed Hivers Leogne. Tho followine resolution was carried unanimously :—" That, in the cminion of this meeting, tlie representation in Parliament, accorded the Richmond and Tweed Hirers, as part of the electorate of the Clarence, the consequent deprivation, in great measure, of thoBe important public works urgently called for by the neceg. slties and requirements of tho district, and the apparent impossibility of hitherto inducing all the different portions of the district to agree to one line of action for the common good, strongly call for the formation of a League by the residents in the district, for the .purpose of obtaining by combined iaction fuch redress of the evils complained of BB they,-$£p entitled to re-, ceive, but hitherto found ^unattainable." HOLLOWAT'B OlRTitEKT AND PILM.—Un- GKtul.r Eropttoni.-Nd mraas liMttofore fllicortred-*rt «o ctmp'tent to cope with and conquer all tlemtstatt/fcofltB, -tuptlong, tcdorsa nl roagbBM) of the *kbi. Ii thw c audlnmuite, which «o he pniwd, n«A BOIIOWHJ'E remedlrB cool the system, KTTTUTE the circulation, an* so thoroughly -pnrifr the whole bod^fhit winterer Is liurtlnl must lupvltaMr l«e s*cjit awaf, end lie succeeded by healthr KtQietura, which alone can lie drain! from ilcfa and pure blood. The cosmetic virtues of tbi> nnpuent bare been lout appreciated; no toilet-taMe Is well appointed whlih lacks its presence. It soothe and cli-an&es; tire rooet fine and tender East Sydney EiiBctobatb.—Hie Hon. Saul Samuel -has been appointed a member of the Legislative Council, and will represent the Government in tbe Upper House. A vacsncy has been caused in the electoral district of East •Sydney, by that gentleman's resignation as member for the electorate; and a writ for the new election has been issued. The nomination will take place on Monday next, tbe 10th lost.; the polling on Wednesday, the 12th ; the writ is made returnable on the 18th. The Bail fob, tub Tichit-ehe Claimant. —A telegram, dated London,-10th Hay, states that Lord Hirers, Dr. Attwood, Mr. Guildford Hustom, and Mr. James Larnach, became bail for the Tichborne claimant. Ghost ' in a Pawn Shop.—The Berrima correspondent of the Gonlburn Herald writes: —One of our amateur theatrical performers telegraphed on Monday last to a friend in Sydney as follows:—" Go to Kirby's, Pitt-street, and get me' Ghost in a Pawnshop," meaning for him topurchase a book containing a farce known by that name. In the afternoon the friend replied as follows:—" Cannot findsuch a pawnshop; but forward ticket and money, and I will redeem your coat," he evidently mistaking the word "ghost" for "coat." The affair hag gone the round of the telegraph stations, and our worthy operator here is often asked " wliy he pledged his coat." . Bebbika.—For some time back alluvial gold Las been obtained in small quantities at Mittagong, near Nattai. Last week a party of miners there, after sinking twelve feet, struck a gold reef. ' (Some specimens from' there haye been'exhibited in Berrima and lia^tai, which are'of extraordinary richness. Nearly all the male population of the town have started for the reef, in order to haye. a look for themselves. The reef is said to be -on or near a creek which forms part of a large government reserye.—Cor. Goulburn Herald. Distbict Coubt, Bombala. — His Honor, Alfred M'Farland, in pursuance of the Jiistrici Couit Act of 1858, has appointed a District Court at Bombala, the same to be holden on Tuesday, tho 23rd of July next. Accident at tab Sydmey Clunes Company's Claim.—About 5 o'olock on Monday afternoon last (says the HHl End Observer) a charge was being rammed when an explosion took place which providentially did not -result in the loss of life. As it is, however, the side of one' man is much lacerated, and a hole made in his face, and the hands of two other men are much injured. By the force of the explosion the rammer was, wo believe, driven out on the banks, while a stone a foot square passed between and a considerable distance beyond the men. The Late W. C. Wentwo'eth. — The remains of William Charles Wentwortl", the eminent Australian barrister and statesman, were temporarily deposited in Canford Churchyard, Wimborne, Dorset, on the 25th ultimo, prior to their being subsequently removed to the family seat. Yaucluse, Sydney, New South Wales. The funeral was strictly prirate. Jacqua Backs.—A very good day's races came off at Spring Creek, jackqua, on Queen's Birthday last. The attendance was numerous, and the sports all that oould be desired. 1'he Maiden Plate of £4,, mile, was won by Mr. Ryan's Crazy Jane. The Spring Creek Purse •of 15 sovs, 2 miles, was carried, off by Mr. Cyan's Playboy, beating four other horses. Mr. Sweeney's mare proved victorious in the contest for the District Purse of 10 sovs. The New Undeu Shebiff.—Referring 4o the new under-sheriff, the Pastoral Times has the following:—One of the last appointments made by tbe Martin government after they had resigned was that of Mr. ifatban to be under- sheriff. Ho was registrar of tho ineolvent court, having been promoted to that office over the heads of deserving officials, one -of whom, Mr. Austin, had been twenty-five years clerk of the insolvent court. Mr. Nathan is son of the late Mr. Nathan, professor of music, and is brother to Dr. Nathan. The cew under-sheriff is ot tho Dundreary school, whiskers and eye-glass a la Dundreary, with all the affectation of that marvellous character of the dramatist. Sydney is the termination of civilisation in the estimation of such men—Denili quid, Albury, Hay, and Wcntworlh are probably by them regarded as the focus of expatriated officialdom. These men cuusidcr that the whole of the colony with its vast resources, pastoral, agricnliu'ral, mineral, &c.;, must be developed for their special use and benefit to the exclusion ot those engaged in the country, and among tbe thousands of employees in the publio service, how few are from the inlands of New South Wales? Wo believe that Mr. John Lucas, M,P., has no less than half-a-dozen of his family quartered on the public, and other lion, members arc equally self-sacrificing in this respect—they immolate their children on the altar of the country. Where is the patriotic David Buchanan P Could he not wax warm on such a subjectP "And Nathan said unto David—Thou art the man,"—but we had forgotten that David is looking out for some government loaves and fishes—he has been angling for some time—he may yot be hooked by a crown prosecutorship. Who knows P 