Kissing and Canvassing. IT was necessary for the earl's son to beBtir himself. For some time previous to tbe election he went down among the tenantry flattering them, making them little presents, and kissing their pretty daughters. Being a clansman of the earl's and a nine hundred and ninety-ninth cousin, I was enlisted in the service. I was rigged out from top to toe in a suit of tartan—the tartan of our clan— and thus arrayed and mounted on an ancient grey mare, I accompanied the earl's son as an outrider. I had a rather pleasant time of it. I came in for a great deal of haggis mince, collops and whisky; and where there was more kissing than my chief could do I helped him out with it. In that tartan suit —it was bright red—and on that spanking grey mare I felt that I shot through the land liko a fiery meteor. I was very impartial and kissed the old women as well as the youog women, and without vanity I do think they would have elected me in preference to the earl's son if I had not k been so very far removed from the heirship to the property. We didn't bribe, we didn't hint at ejection, or abatement, or increase of rent—the earl was too honorable a man for that—we merely flattered and condescended, and we kissed and we prattled with all the fair maids, and called each the fairest she, as the song says. We won the election too. It was a very innocent affair, and I wish I had never seen any worse moJe of canvassing for votes.— A GHOST.—A Victorian country paper relateB a ghost story. On the night of tho 8th January, "about 9 o'clock, as the Be v. Mr. Bay ley, accompanied by t.wo of Mr. IIugheB's daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near tho Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened aud bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, 'Dear me, what was that?' Mr. Bayley endeavored to pull the horse up ; but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gato at Millhaven." The Ai-gus says:—Within the past few days a number of counterfeit notes havo been put into circulation on Gulgong. They are photographs purporting to be £1 Bank of New South Wales notes, signed by J. Tomkins, and countersigned by F. H. Potts. The 4 duller note'can be easily delected by looking at the back of it, when tho usual red marking on the.genuine note willbefound wanting. This is a simple test, and an effective one. A man has been arrested for passing one of the ' flash una' and it is probable that the introducer of this novelty on Gulgong will be introduced to his Worship, ere his stock goes up. TEMPERANCE IN QUEENSLAND. — As a sign of the times, it may be' mentioned that the extensive premises known as the Victoria Hotel, Dalby, were sold by auction on Thursday. The buildings and land cost the proprietor about £2000; the amount realized at the sale, which was absolute, was £110. The hotel was formerly one of the best in town, and a year or two since realized a handsome rente]. The price at which it was sold is emphatically a sign of the times, but it can scarcely be accepted as an indication of the value of the property. Thepurchasers were Messrs. Benjamin and Co A MoNffEr Sronr—" A monkey, which was permitted to run free, had frequently seen the men servants in the great country kitchen take down a powder-horn that stood on the chimney-piece, aud throw a few grains in the fire to mako maids scream, which they always did on such occasions. Pug waited his opportunity, and when all was still, he clambered up, perched himself gingerly on one of the horizontal wheel* placed for the support of the saucepans, right over the warm ashes of an almost extinct wood fire, screwed off the top of the horn and reversed it over the grate. The explosion sent him half-way up the chimney. Before he was blown up he was a snug, trim, well-conditioned monkey; he came down a carbonate nigger in miniature. The weight with which he pitched up the hot ashes, in the midst of the general flare-up, aroused him to a sense of his condition. He was missing for days. Hunger at last drove him forth, and he sneaked into the house, looking scared and dovilish ; but like some great personage, ho never got over his elevation and fall. If ever Pug forgot himself, and was troublesome, you had only to take down a powder-horn in his presence, aud he was off to his hole like a shot, screaming and chattering his jaws like a pair of castanets.'* A DESPEBATE EEMEDY SPOILED.—The Nord relates the following incident which has happened at Flessingue, in Holland :— A wife, exasperated by the continual drunkenness of her husband, threatened him with death. Some days ago sbe attempted to put this threat into elocution. There was but an attic above the sitting-room. To this she asccnded, mado a hole in the floor, and passed a rope through it, ono end of which fell into the room below, while the other remained fastened in the attic. She then descended, made a slip-knot iu the rope, and awaited hor husband's return. Ho at last arrived, and waB much surprised to receive no reproaches on his bad conduct. " Thero is somothing underhand here," thought he ; I must see." We must premise that this scene took place in complete darknesR. The huBband, whoso suspicions were roused, let himself fall into a chair, and appeared to sleep profoundly. After some snoring he felt a rope passed round his neck ; he then understood the little trick that was to bo played him, but be did not move. His wife went up to the attic, and taking advantage of this moment's reBpite the drunkard relieved himself of his rope and fastened it to tho foot of the stove, which soon went up to the coiling with a frightful noise, caused by the fall of some crockery which was standing upon it. Tho wife, thinking the noise was causod by the fruitless struggles of her husband, ran to the police office to declare that she bad found her husband bung. The police arrived in hot haste, and a candle was lighted, when all started back at the Bpeclacle which presented itself. The stove was twinging gracefully in space, and the husband sat gravely smoking his pipe. Insteadief a suicide, qp attempt to murder was established agaiust the wife, who was arrested. < 0 Dickens "All the Tear Sound." 