RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. Bible Christian District Meeting. First Day.— Wednesday. February 28. The eighteenth annual meeting of tbo repre sentatives of the Bibb Christian Church in this colony was commenced on Wednesday afternoon, February 28, by devotional exercises and an address irom tne unairman, tne Kev. James Ashton. It was found that 19 ministers and eight lay representatives were in attendance. The Rev. T. Piper was unanimously reappointed to the office of District Secretary, and Rev. W. Richards was elected Journalist, and the Rev. J. Dingle Copyist. The Revs. J. Trewin and R. O. Bandt were appointed joint reporters to the Press while the sittings of .the meeting con tinued. After alistof business to come before' tho meeting had been framed, a resolution was passed deploring in feeling terms the great loss which, the District had sustained in the unlooked-for decease of one of the most active and successful ministers of the Church in South Australia, the Rev. Samuel Keen, and expressing the deepest sympathy with the bereaved widow and family. The hours of assembling having been fixed the meeting adjourned till next day. Tho . evening service was conducted by the Rev. W. Richards, who preached the District sermon, basing his remarks on Philippians iii 10. The ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered after the Bermon to a considerable number of communicants. Second Day.— Thursday, February 29. The sittings commenced at 9 a.m., when prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Foster. Tho Keys. J. Hancock and J. Trewin being ap pointed to prepare a resolution on the spiritual state of the Church, to be brought forward next morning. Finance was then introduced, and the consideration of some claims, with the disposal of funds, occupied the remainder of tho day. in the evening the Rev. J. Dingle preached bis probationary sermon to a large congregatioB, taking for his text Acts xv. 23. Third Day.— Friday, March 1. The sittings recommenced at 9 a.m., tho Rev. J. Trewin offering the opening prayer. The Rev. J. Counter, who partially withdrew from the ministry a year ago on account of business engagements, now sent in his resigna tion, which was accepted. The Revs. J. Trewin and J. Hancock brought up their report on the spiritual state of the district, which was adopted. The Committeeappointed to examine the young men on probation then put in their amalgamated report, which showed on the part of each candidate creditable progress in the various branches of knowledge which the examination embraced. The report having been unanimously adopted, Messrs. McNeil and Dingle, the two probationers who had fulfilled their term, underwent another examination before th«- whole meeting, which passed off satisfactorily* The evening service was made more than ordinarily interesting by the fact that the two probationers who had fulfilled their term, Revs. Thomas McNeil and John Dingle, were solemnly received into full connection with the Bible Christian Church. The Rev. J. Roberts having opened the meeting with singing and prayer, apologized for the absence, through illness, of the Rev. James Way, who had been expected to deliver the charge to the young m«n. He then called on the Rev. T. McNeil to recount his con version, call to the ministerial office, and present experience, which lie did in suit able language, and with some elaborateness of detail. The Rev. J. Dingle likewise gave utterance to a distinct account of the origin and progress of the divine life within him. The Rev. J. Hancock then 'moved, the Bev. T. Allen seconded, and the Rev. J. Rid clift supported the reception of the candidates. The motion was carried unanimously, and the Rev. J. Roberts presented each probationer with a copy of the Scriptures, and accompanied the act with suitable remarks. The Rev. J. Ashton, Chairman of the District, in the absence of the Rev. J. Way through, illness, delivered the charge. The services then closed with singing, and prayer offered by the Rev. J. Rock. Fourth Day.— Saturday, March 2. Sittings recommenced shortly after 9 a.m. Bev. H. Mason offered the opening prayer. The meeting at an early stage went into Committee to discuss the relations of chapel trusts and Sabbath-schools to funds that are raised for the support of the ministry, and the liquidation of liabilities incurred in working the district. Revs. J. Trewin, 0. Lake, R. Lang, and Mr. W. Taylor were appointed a Sub-Committee to prepare a resolution bearing on this question. ittev. J. Ridclift was appointed to fill the vacancy caused in the Stationing Committee by the death of the Rev. Samuel Keen. The appointment of laymen in certain proportions, together with ministers on the Stationing Committee, was affirmed to be a fundamental question, and Rev. 0. Lake gave notice of motion on the point at the proper time. Fifth Dat. —Monday March 4. The sittings recommenced at 10. Rev. C. Tresize offered the opening prayer. The Chapel Secretary, Rev. R. Lang, brought in tne annual report, snowing a reduc. tion of 5 per cent, on last year's aggregate Chapel debt. The resolution remitted on Satur day to a Committee consisting of Revs. J. Trewin, R. Lang, 0. Lake, and Mr. W. Taylor was passed. The Beneficent and Chapel Funds were voted in the various directions in which there seemed to be the most pressing claims. At 5.30 p.m. there was a well-attended tea succeeded by a public meeting; Mr. W. Taylor, the representative of Auburn Circuit, presided. The Rev. J. Ashton, the Chairman of the District, read the report in a humorous and forcible manner. The Rev. J. Foster spake on the theme ' The Holy Ghost ;' the Rev. 0. Lake on ' The Holy Catholic Church.' Rev. J. Trewin in a few sentences referred to 'Com- munion of Saints;' and the Rev. T. Allen to the 'Life Everlasting.' The choir sang very creditably, and the proceedings closed with the benediction. Sixth Day.— Tuesday, March [5. Sittimgs recommenced at 9 a.m. Rev. J. Ridclift offered the opening prayer, after which the Stationiug Committee sat to hearapeals. These appeals having been duly considered, the following stations were submitted and passed:— Adelaide— 0. Lake, J. Way. Kooringa — J. Rock. Gawler— J. Ashton, R. Lang. Clarendon— J. Trewin. Auburn — T. Piper, C. Tresiee. Mount Torrens— H. Mason. Kapunda— W. Richards. Yankalilla— J. Foster. Port Elliot— To be supplied. Mount Lofty— J. Ridclift. Bowden— T.Allen, J.Roberts (supernumerary). Riverton— R. 0. Bandt. Kadina — J. Hancock, another. Port Augusta — J. Stoyel. Robe— T. Hillman. Mount Gambier— J. Dingle. . Wellington— Another. '- Port Wakefield— T. McNeil. Seventh Day.— Wednesday, March 6. Rev. J. Roberts offered the opening prayer. Rev. James Way was reappointed Editor and Book-Steward for the ensuing year. The Dis trict Committee was appointed, consisting of the following geatlemen :— The Chairman, the Secretary, Revs. J. Way, J. Ridclift, T. Allen, J. Trewin, 0. Lake, and Messrs. E. Gould, W. Lewis, and Dr. Campbell ; also the Examining Committee — Revs. Richards, Rock, Lang, and Mason ; and the Stationing Committee, con sisting of the following ministers :— Chairman, Secretary, Revs. J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Rid / clift, T. Allen, J, Trewin. The missionary deputations to the various ? circuits were sub mitted and passed. A resolution was affirmed pledging the meeting to support every reason ablo measure for restraining the spread of intemperance. A resolution was passed ap pointing the Rev. J. Ashton Chairman of the District for the year 1873. Thanks were ac corded to the Chairman, the Secretaries, and also to those ladies who had superintended the domestic arrangements of the meeting, and those friends who had entertained the ministers and delegates who came from a distance. The journals were then read and the signatures appended, after which a few remarks from the Chairman and devotional exercises concluded the eighteenth district meetiug of the Bible Christian Church in the colony. Stow Memorial Church. The Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., the Pastor -elect of Stow Congregational Church, Adelaide, arrived by the steamer Coorong on Monday afternoon, March 11, having had a fair passage from Melbourne. Ou landing he was met by the Revs. F. W. Cox and J. Jefferis, LL.B., and the Deacons of Stow Church, Messrs. Hay, M. Goode, H. Dean, D. Adamson. and W. H. Grayson. The party drove up the Port road, reaching the city shortly before 5 o'clock. The rev. gentleman, who, with Mrs. Symes, appeared in good health and spirits, was taken to Mrs. Sabine's residence, in Wakefield-street, pending the fitting up of the manse for his occupation. On Sunday, March 17, the rev. gentleman preached his first sermons in the Stow Congre gational Church. There was a full congregation both morning and evening. Mr. Symes's style is plain and unassuming. He is not what would be called eloquent, but has a good command' of words, and the ability of in well-chosen language forcibly putting forward the truths or ideas which he wishes to impress upon his hearers; his sermons being full of plain and simple, yet often very beautiful and apt illustrations. He is evidently one whose soul is in his work, and in Ms presence we may feel assured of the acces sion of a thoroughly good and genuine minister of the Gospel. His delivery is easy, and his voices good and pleasant, being heard dis tinctly all over the building. The sermon on Sunday morning was from the words of the 4th verse off the 2nd chap, of Haggai, ' Yet now be strong, 0 Zerubbabel, saith the Lord ; and be strong, 0 Joshua, son of Jesodech, the high priest ; and be strong all ye people of the land, saith the Lord, and work ; for I am with you, saith the Lord of Hosts.' In the evening an excellent sermon was preached from the words, 'Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God which ?worketh in you both to will and to do of His good pleasure.' Stow Church Schoolrooms. Thefoundation-stoneotthenewschoolbuildings ra connection with Stow Congregational Church was laid by the newly-arrived pastor, the Rev. ? Colmer B. Symes, on Tuesday afternoon, March 26\. There was a very good attendance to witness the ceremony. Among those present were the Revs. M. H. Hodge, H. Cheetham, J. . Jefferis, LL.B., W. Nicholls, C. Manthorpe, J. R. Ferguson, C. Hall, and J. Howie (Congre gationalists), S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. (Baptist), J. Lyall and J. Henderson (Presbyterian), Mr., G. Prince, Mr. W. Harcus, and Messrs. D. Adamson, H. Dean, C. Wylde (Deacons of the Church), and others, most of the above named being on a platform erected above, the stone. The following description of the building, which was commenced severdl weeks ago, has been .kindly handed to us 'by the architect, Mr. 'James ..Cumming.:—. 'The building is of Gothic design/''' The in terior takes the form of a church, having a nave and side aisles. The central portion is a lecture hall, 69 feet long, by 36 feet wide and 28 feet high, seated for upwards of 400 persons, and furnished with a platform and cases for the school library. It will be lighted by 16 clerestory windows, which ca^also be opened to assist the ventilation. A series of doors on each side of the hall open into the various class rooms, committee-room, waiting-room, kitchen, &c;, which will be fitted complete under the same contract. The exterior is of Glen Osmond stone, with dressings of freestone and white and coloured bricks. The whole work, including an extension of the shod accommodation for' .vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &c;, is contracted by Messrs. Brown & Thompson at £1,889.' After a hymn had been sung Mr. C. Wtlde read the document, which, with coins of the realm and Adelaide newspapers, was put in a bottle and inserted beneath the stone. The following is a copy : — 'This document is placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for a school room in connection with the Stow Congre gational Church. The stone is laid by the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., on the 26th day of March, 1872, in the 35th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Baronet, being Governor of the Province; the Revs. H. Cheetham, M. H. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe taking part in the ceremony. The erection of the edifice is undertaken by the Church and congregation now assembling in the Stow Con gregational Church, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., being Pastor; Henry Giles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dean, D. Adamson, L. Grayson, M. Goode being Deacons. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' The Committee under whose supervision the building is erected consists of Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., Adam Adamson, David Adamson, Joseph Barlow, Talbot Baines Bruce, B. N. Conigrave, Samuel Davenport, Horace Dean, George P. Doolette, W. T. Flint, Henry Giles, Lawrence Grayson, Matthew Goode, Alexander Hay, James Hill, William Johnston, W. Newbouid, William Palmer, T. S. Reed, Robert Stuckey, George White, Charles Wylde; architect, James Gumming; builders, Brown and Thompson.' The Rev. C. B. Symbs having, with the assistance of the architect and builder, adjusted the stone, declared it to be 'well and truly laid.' He then ascended the platform, ana remarked that he supposed they all felt that there was just a touch of unreality in the cere mony of that day. They felt that while he was laying the memorial-stone the work, even to adjusting it to the finest balance, had really been done by others, so that he could not claim credit for the correct and due laying. But he hoped there would be no unreality in the struc ture, and the work to be done in it when it was completed. He trusted there would be reality in the work of the builder, and he ventured to hope that they would accomplish it with more fullness and reality than he had his; that they might have the satisfaction of having a building to stand the test of years and the storms of many seasons. But more than that, they thought of the spiritual work to be accom plished. They felt that there was no unreality in that, and they had come with no hazy or undefined views of what they intended to accomplish'. They saw that with clear gaze, and there was a body of earnest people who intended to carry on the work with all their hearts and souls. The material work they regarded only as the scaffolding to enable them to erect the spiritual building. This was like the quarry from which the stones of the Temple were obtained, and here they hoped that living stones would be trained by Divine- grace, and renewed by the Holy Ghost, so as to take their places in that spiritual assembly which Christ was building. It did not become him now to speak, at length about the views of his denomination, as that would be more befitting, the occasion were they laying the stone of a church; but as the principles they taught must have power over youth, he thought it was right to say a little about the views they wished to instil into the minds of the young. They \ met in connection with an Independent or Con gregational Church holding to the evangelical truths of the Gospel, and their intention was that the children for whom the building was to be raised should have some doctrinal truths brought before them at the earliest age— they would instil them line upon line and precept upon precept. After alluding to some of the special tenets of Independency, he referred to the fact that there were 200 children in atten dance at the school, besides 100 at a branch school intended expressly to meet the wants of those they found it difficult to bring into other associations. After the Rev. C. Manthorpe had expressed, on behalf of himself and others, the sympathy of the sister Churches, the Rev. M. XL Hodge offered prayer, and the proceedings closed with the doxology and benediction. Welcome to the Rev. Mr. Symes. On Tuesday evening meetings took place for the welcoming and recognition of Mr. Symes as the new Pastor of the Stow Congregational Church. The Rev. C. W. Evan presided. On the platform were ministers of several denomina tions, and apologies were sent by the Revs. Jas. Lyall, J. C. McMichael, H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, W. L. Binks, J. Benny, Morgan Williams, and T. James. The evening's proceedings having been opened with singing, The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., said he had con sented to preside at the request of the deacons and Mr. Symes, and he was glad to be able to do so even at a little personal inconvenience. - Since he last stood upon that platform and took part in a meeting— a valedictory meeting — nearly 12 months ago, he had not opened his lips on any public occasion, and he felt that the kind of talent required for such a position as that he was filling did not improve lby disuse, and he was somewhat doubtful of his present ability to make even a short speech. 'But he felt that very little could be required of him, and if he simply said that he was there as the former pastor of the Church to introduce and commend to them his successor in office, his speech would not be incomplete, nor would the wishes of those who requested him to occupy the position he unfulfilled. Ho gladly united with the members of the Church in feelings of thankfulness, and of hopeful anticipation of the future. The present gathering might be regarded as marking the termination of a period of uncertainty and anxiety, as the fulfilment of his earnest desires that had ascended to the God of all grace, and as the commencement of a new and jet them hope brighter era in the progress of the Church. When in the providence of God he was led to relinquish the pastorate, the serious question that occupied their attention was to look for a suitable minister to fill the vacant position. His own strong conviction was that the wisest and best course was to send to England. Some were disposed to think that they ought first to look around in this and the other colonies; and no doubt there were brethren who were personally eligible enough for the post, but not one, he was persuaded, who could without difficulty have been spared from the. position in which he was placed, and to have attempted to unsettle such a one would have been an act of doubtful propriety and doubtful charity to the Church affected thereby. Church morality in such matters had often been very low. They had been too devoted to their own isolated Churcbism, and had too little regard for their community of interest as a sisterhood of Churches. He was glad to think that indepen dency seemed to be improving in that respect and becoming more elastic, more catholic— that individual Churches were more disposed to do to other Churches as they would have other Churches do unto them. It was their duty to help on that grand reform. It was scarcely to be expected that a minister could be obtained in the colonies without depriving some other Church of a valuable pastor. Vacancies so oreated in England were with much less difficulty supplied. ^ Having stated the steps taken for the selection of a suitable minister in England, and referred to the valuable assistance rendered to the Church in that aswellasinotherwaysby Mr. Binney, he ex pressed his pleasure thatafter Mr. Stow'sministry of 18 years and his own of 15 years Mr. Binney was still alive and able to assist in sending out a third pastor. He had no doubt Mr. Symes would vindicate the selection that had been made, and hope8 that all had been done by Divine guidance and still would be here. . He hoped Mr. Symes would never have rea-ion to regret the severance of those ties, some of them no doubt strong and tender, which bound him to Plymouth and England. He trusted through his industry this Church would grow innumbere, grow in grace, intelligence, ^ in piety, arid purity, and become increasingly a power for Christ in the land. He looked on the position his brother was called to occupy as a high and noble one — a position - worthy of the gifts and energy of any minister of Christ— a position weighted indeed with very - heavy responsibility, but commanding a large and animating prospect of usefulness, aud he trusted in the occupation o£-it Mr. Sy.rae would have all the satisfaction and all the encourage ment which the true minister sought and needed. No one would watch his progress with a kindlier interest than he should, or rejoice more heartily in his success. (Applause.) His prayer was that pastor and people might receive a special benediction and afresh baptism of con secration to the service of their common Lord and Master. The Rev. C. B. Syme, B.A., who was warmly received, before saying anything bearing personally upon their work, might be allowed to express in the name of the congregation the pleasure which it gave them all to see their friend and brother Mr. Evan in the chair. (Applause.) They appreciated the sacrifice at which he had come to occupy the position — the physical strain and suffering, and the still keener mental pain which it must cause to meet the people whom he had loved 15 years— on such an occasion. He felt sure in beginning his pastorate among them it would be with the sympathy and brotherly love of the former pastor of the Church. God might grant to him to reap some of the fruit which his predecessor had sown. If so, even here both he that sowed and he that reaped would rejoice together. The position which he occupied that evening was one of delicacy, and was distateful to him, because it compelled him almost to make the burden of his speech personal allusions, and yet it was almost needful that he should state simply the reasons why he had been led to accept the invitation the Church had given. It came to him very unex pectedly. . Quietly and happily at work at Plymouth he had no idea of change, still less to so distant a shore as South Australia. With out any seeking on his part, he received the invitation from Mr. Binney, Dr. Allen, and Mr. Hannay. It strode him, he confessed, with a great deal of surprise, and at first he felt very loth to entertain it at all. It seemed impossible to sever the ties so dear and bid farewell to his fatherland. But when he looked more closely into it, he could not help asking why had God let the invitation come before him; and then he felt that he must just be willing quietly to give . up his own will, and be guided by Him. He thought he would like to see ho w the thing looked to other minds and other hearts. He wrote first of all to one who was very dear to him then and was still dearer now, and he received the answer — ' It beems the voice of God, and though it will wound us so deeply to leave our own country and our friends, we shall at least feel that in dedicating our lives to Christ we are not offering that which costs us nothing.' He felt so far that God still seemed to be opening the way. He then saw the brethren in whose hands they had placed the work of choosing a minister. Be asked first of all if they had any idea that he was movable that they made him the offer. They said no, none; but they simply thought they would place it before him because he was fitted for the work. He next asked, 'Have you tried any others? Canyougetanyoneelsetogo?' The reply was — ' We have tried two others' (mentioning their names), both men whom he thought could have more ably and efficiently filled the position than he could. They did not feel their way clear to sacrifice all the fellowship of home to go to a foreign land; and after that it seemed like a call from God to himself, to which he could hardly turn a deaf ear without something luce rebellion or disobedience. Having consulted friends one after another who took the same view, those nearest by kinship regarding it in the same light, it seemed as if God's hand must be in it, and loth as ho was to make the sacrifice, he felt he could not disobey the voice of God. Of his feelings in parting from the Church over which he had been pastor, amongst whom he had been asso ciated for 11 years, he had better say very little indeed. There was not much delicacy in a man explaining elaborately to a second wife why he was inconsolable for the loss of the first. It would be best to speak simply of the purposo which had brought him here. He had come by God's grace to preach as simply, as lovingly, as forcibly as he possibly could the great vital truths of the Gospel, which had been his comfort for many years, and his stay hi suffering, and when he thought himself near to death. He had come to preach the words which he was persuaded were the words of God, and in these days when inspiration, because it was miraculous, was called in question and doubted, it behoved the Christian Church to be very olear and very, emphatic in its enunciation of the truth. They knew that inspiration was a miracle, that it stood as one of the four or five cardinal miracles in God's dealing with the world ; but if they could not believe in miracles they could not believe in Christianity. The rev. gentleman proceeded briefly to refer to the line of action he proposed to adopt, express ing a hope that he would be trusted as a friend and brother, and not regarded as a professional pastor, for that he could never be. He asked to be excused from attending evening parties on the ground of his not having sufficient time to spare, and urged all connected with the Church to co-operate with him in the work which lay before him. The Rev. P. W. Cox engaged in prayer, sup plicating the Divine blessing on the union of pastor and people which they were met to testify. The Rev. J. Jkffbbis, LL.B. (Congrega tionalist) delivered an appropriate addr9ss. Mr. M. Goode stated that the cost of the new school building, of which the foundation-stone had been kid that day, would cost £2,000. One thousand pounds had been obtained from the sale of the old chapel, and he was thankful to say that three friends had offered sums amount ing to £250 on condition that they also con tributed largely towards the £1,000 which was needed. A collection on behalf of the School Building Fund was then made, The Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. (Baptist), J. Henderson (Presbyterian), J. S. Wayland (Primitive Methodist), and T. Piper (Bible Christian), each gave Mr. Symes a warm wel come. A vote of thanks, to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. Wholesome LrTKRATtrRE wm the Bush. A meeting was held at Mr. Henry Scott's office on Thursday, March.14, to organize some plan for the systematic circulation of books of a suitable character amongst persons employed in the bush. . Mr. ? C. B. Young, as convener, presided. Letters were received from several gentlemen who were unable to attend, pro mising their support to the movement, and one from the Honorary Superintendent of the Bush man's Club, offering to render any assistance in his power, and enclosing £1 from a 'Bush- man' in aid of the funds. The Chairman said he had called that meet ing not so much with a view of getting bis own ideas carried out as of obtaining the opinions of others perhaps better qualified to suggest the most suitable means of supplying a known want and putting within the reach of the bush people literature of an improving and instruc tive character in place of the trashy novels which were at present almost the only books they were able to obtain. Ho would, however, submit bis own scheme with a view of its being improved upon by others :— 1st. A central depot would be required in Adelaide, and probably arrangements might be made for haviug it at the Bushman's Club. 2nd. Depots would be established in eaeh of the outside townships, which would involve no expense, as the books could be left for sale with respectable store keepers. 3rd. Each head-station would be a local depot for circulating books on the run, where the owners chose to avail themselves of the movement. 4th. It would be desirable, if possible, to have a travelling agent to supply the places that the other arrangements could not conveniently apply to; but as this might be too costly, possibly a few respectable hawkers might be found who would undertake the sale of books. There were three difficulties to encounter in starting such an undertaking— funds, selection, and distribution. With regard to the first head, he did not wish to see a Society formed with anything like an annual begging list. The persons for whose benefit the contem plated Society would be formed were well able and he believed quite willing to pay for the advantages they would receive. There must, however, be a fund to start with for the pur chase of works. He would be contented to see the thing started with a capital of £250, if more could not be obtained, and would propose an annual subscription of from two to five guineas from the stations, according to the number of persons employed. Probably the proprietors would in most cases be willing to contribute one half, and the men the other. There must be a Committee of Management, and a Special Com mittee for selecting the books, which would not be a very easy task. The books would be passed on from station to station, or exchanged every six months, and oftener if necessary. Mr. H. Scott said that though the meeting was not a large one and might be considered preliminary, it would be. as well to take the initiative by passing such resolutions as would lead to the awnmencement of a Society for the contemplated purpose. . He therefore moved: — 'That it is desirable that steps be taken to supply suitable books to persons employed in the bush.' Mr. F. Stokes seconded. He believed that this would be a very beneficial movement. There were many persons in the bush who were fond of reading, and great difficulty was ex perienced in getting readable works. It would be advisable, however, that the literature sup plied should not be too dry. There should be a variety suitable for all tastes, and notion of a wholesome character as well as works of a more solid description. If the observation would not be deemed out of place, he hoped that some thing would be done in educating the children in the bush. They were now much neglected, and it was as important to* teach them to read as to supply books. The difficulty of passing books from station to station might be overcome by grouping runs, four or five adjacent stations arranging to exchange at fixed periods, and then setting fresh supplies from the central depot. ' Mr. J. A. Fkbgusson proposed— 'That in accordance with the former resolution an Asso ciation be formed to carry out the proposed object.' Mr. @. Sabike thought the capital mentioned —£250— would be insufficient; it would not purchase more than 1,000 volumes at most, which would not go far towards the extensive circulation proposed. There would also be a difficulty in exchanging tne books from station to station, as there might be 50 men on one station and 10 on another. The books that had supplied 50 men for six months could not be read by the 10 in the same time. He seconded the resolution. Mr. T. Giles proposed— 'That a Committee be formed, consisting of the gentlemen present and others whose names might be suggested.' He thought it desirable that the co-operation of as many persons interested in pastoral pursuits as possible should be obtained. This was very much a matter for the squatters themselves, though some organization was necessary to cany the proposal into effect. He supposed it was not intended that the operations should be confined to the North, and it would be well to seek the assistance of settlers in the South-East, Port Lincoln, and Yorke's Peninsula Districts as well. He did not think there would be much difficulty about exchanging. It was easy to send a box of books on from one station to the next. Some trustworthy person on each run would have to take charge of the books and be responsible for them. Probably where there was a store keeper he would undertake the charge. Mr. T. D. Smkaton seconded. He had not imagined that such an extensive scheme was contemplated. He thought that the idea would be to get books and periodicals gratuitously from any persons willing to contribute them. There were many persons who when they had read a book or magazine would give it to such a Society as was contemplated, and from this source a considerable supply might be obtained; if not sufficient to carry out the object, yet at any rate a great help. The resolutions were all carried nem. con., and a number of gentlemen were suggested to be written to asking for their co-operation. .Roman Catholic Items.— We are informed that His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney (the Most Rev. J. B. Polding, O.S.B.) will shortly visit South Australia, accompanied by three Right Rev. Prelates.— The Very Rev. J. E. T. Woods will shortly return to Adelaide from Sydney with Archbishop Polding.— We understand that the Requiem for the late Right Rev. Dr. Shiel has been postponed by the Very Rev. O. A. Reynolds, Administrator of the Diocese, in consequence of the expected- arrival of the Archbishop of Sydney, who with the other prelates will assist at the ceremonies.— We (Harp) are informed that letters have been received from the Ven. Archdeacon Russell to the effect that the Holy See has reinstated him in his office as Arch deacon of this Diocese, and that he will shortly return to the oolony. We learn that eleven sisters .of St. Joseph have been living in community at Norwood since being divested of the robes of the Order by the late Bishop Shiel, and on Tuesday evening, March 19, they were, at the St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church, Norwood, by the order of the Administrator of the Diocese, the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, revested by the Rev. J'. Tappeiner, S. J. Baptist Changes.— The Rev. John Price, who for many years has had charge of the Baptist Church at Alberton, has resigned his post, and accepted an invitation to the pastorate at Moonta, He will enter upon his new sphere of labour early in April. The Rev. J. N. Birks, of Magill, is at present on a visit to Moonta sup plying the vacant pulpit. The Rev. W. 6. Ashton, of Lyndoch and South Rhine, has, we are informed, accepted an invitation to the vacant pastorate of the Baptist Church at Morphett Vale. Congregational Item.— The Rev. T. Davies, of Milang, has been presented with a purse of sovereigns. He purposed leaving his present charge soon, but has been desired to remain as pastor. . -. ? Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society.— The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting at the Church Office on Wednesday afternoon ; Mr. S. Bakewell in the chair. The Treasurer's minute showed a balance in hand of £8 2s. 2d., after paying emergency orders to the amount of £C. Several cases of distress were brought forward by members, and £3 10s. was voted to relieve six of them. It was determined that each member should be em powered to draw to the extent of 20s. during the ensuing month in cases of emergency. The Secretary stated that sinoe the accounts had been made up he had received £32 from Messrs. W. M. Letchford and J. Tidmarsh, the exe cutors of th$ late David Ward, being a legacy: left by him. This sum the Secretary was directed to gratefully acknowledge. 