-ffrwfloifr ijtort. BY B. L. FABJEON. Author of "Grif," "Joshua Marvel," •i AND " BLADE-O'-GbASS." ^h© excltislT©Eighty of xepubliahing 11 Xjondoirti Heart" In COTth^AttgnltiW been purchased by* tbe^ Proprietors of the CHAP TEE, XIX. MR, SHELDRAKE SUGGESTS THAT XT IS TIME 3POR MUZZY TO TURK OVER A HEW LEAF. (jnngratnktjpg ftmnafilf mentally upon %UB - escape lie had tad of losing his precious liquor in hi" encounter with. -Felix on the stairs, Muzzy, hugging the bottle to his breast, mounted to the one room in the garret which formed his home. The room was not so dark that he could not see shadows on the walls, which as he opened,, , the door seemed to be imbued with weird animation. His own shadow, as he stood-in. the centre of the room, assumed monstrous proportions, and covered one side of the wall and ceiling ; there was something so threat ening in it and so dreadfully suggestive to the old man, that he hastened, with trembling fingers, to light a candle, still keeping the bottle hugged to his breast the while as tenderly as if it were hnman. The (candle being lighted, he felt, as if he had escaped some great danger, and his. manner became more > assured. Before laying the .'bottle on the mantelshelf, he looked at it . Wishfully, and uncorking it, was about to i drink, when he closed his lips with a snap, < and resisted the temptation. _ Taking off his bat, he produced from the interior a flower . which was stuck in the lining for safety. -This flower was evidently intended for a special parpose, which, had he needed any reminding, recurred to him as he looked round the . room. It was very poorly furnished, containing merely abed, two.or , three chairs, and a table. , But everything . was tidy and in its place. The bed was made, and-the little piece of faded carpet in front of the fender had been newly swept and put straight. He opened a little cup board, and saw the few pieces of crockery it contained set in their proper places. Indeed there was about the whole place ah order and cleanliness one would scarcely have expected from the appearance of the owner.'-"v " Goodgirl, good girl!" muttered Muzzy, as he noted these evidences of Comfort; *' there ain't many like her, I should say " He went into the passage, and called, '" Lizzie, Lizzie I" receiving no . reply, however. He tapped at Hie door of the room nextto the one he occupied, and after a moment or two turned the handle.; but the dOor was locked.. Disappointed he returned to his own room, and wandered about it in a restless, uncertain manner, as if, being alone, be did not know what to do. Every now ^and then he came near to the bottle, and ' sometimes turned his head resolutely from it, and sometimes could not resist the temp tation of gazing at it. " No," he said aloud . once, as if answering some inward ques tioning or argument; "no; I promised Lizzie I wouldn't, and I won't. What is ' this ?" He had laid the bottle on a piece .of folded paper, containing a key. "The key of her room," he said. "Good girl, good . cdrl!" He took his candle. and went into lizzie's room. It was in every respect mora ; «com£ortable than his own, although the furniture, with the exception of a smart little sewing-machine, was of the same bumble kind. There were two'or three cheap ornaments on the mantelshelf, the table (could boast of a cover, and a carpet was laid,.. ~ down which nearly covered the floor. " She can't have gone out Ions," said Muzzy, who, having no one else to talk to, talked to him self, in defiance of the old-fashioned proverb not very complimentary to such self communings. "She knew I would be home soon, and thought I should like to sit here." On the table were some needlework and a workbox, and behind the door hung a dress which Muzzy touched with his hand, as the ' most civilising influence within his reach. A picture on the wall evidently possessed a fascination for him, and presently he sat gazing at it dreamily. It was the picture of a woman's face, fair and comely, and the eyes seemed to follow his as he gazed ; but the reflections raised by the contemplation were not pleasant ones, and he rose and walked about in the same restless uncertain manner. Boon he was in his own room again, and the * bottle was in his hand uncorked. " I could ' have kept from it if she had beeuhera," he \- muttered; " but how can I when I am alone —alone?" He repeated the word two or s three times with desolate distinctness; "Alone—alone—always alone until she came. "What should I do if she went away? And she may—she may. That young \- fellow who comes to see her so often—who is he, who is he? 1 wish he was dead. I \- mustn't go into the room when he's there— : Tiigzic hasn't told me so, but I know I mustn't. And there they sit laughing and talking—5- Laughing and talking! Wo, not always, he made her cry once; I heard her. I'll ask lizzie who he is. If he wants to.: take her away, I'd like to kill him— secretly, secretly!" The feeble old man scowled as he said this, and mechanically took a glass from the cupboard, and poured \- some gin in it. But a restraining influence was upon him even then, and he did not immediately raise it to his lips. " I promised her I wouldn't," he said; "I swore I'd give it up. But how can I when J have no one to talk to? So old a friend, too ! so old a friend! I should have gone mad without it many a time. I'll take one drop—just one little drop. But she mustn't know—she mustn't know." Looking round ■ warily, he, swiftly and with, a secret air, drained the glass, and immediately after wards endeavoured to assume an uncon sciousness that he had broken his promise and his oath. Bat although presently he took a second draught in the same secret manner, it was evident that he could not quite satisfy his conscience, for he pushed the empty glass from him, retaining the bottle in his hand. " What made me buy it ? I didn't intend to, and didn't intend to > pass the public; but I got there somehow, and I couldn't resist going in. It seemed to ■ draw me to -it. But ivll be my ruin, mv ruin. my ruin! The governor saidit would, and it will." As he sat there, battling with himself, his deeply-lined face and his thin hair straggling over his forehead, did he have 110 ambition, no aspiration, no hope, outside the walls of brick which formed mis home ? This lizzie of whom he spoke was, according to -his own showing, not an old friend. Had he any other link of love, or had other human affection quite died out of his life? It was hard to tell. It seemed that, but for this girl, to whom he was not linked by ties of blood, his life was colourless, purposeless. Kit every living breast contains a smoul dering fire, and even to this old man, wreck as he was, a spark might come to kindle once more into a flame the fire that most have burned when he was young. Supposing ■him to have been bright and handsome in his youth—as he must have been, despite fais worn and almost hopeless face—how, could he have seen it, wonld he have received a vision of the future which showed r>im truthfully what he was to be in years to borne ? A virion of some sort was upon him now, as, sitting with no purpose in his mind, he fell into a doze. From whioh, after the lapse of a few moments, which seemed to him hours, he woke with a bewildered air, and looked about him, and listened wonderingly for voices which be might have heard in his dream, or as if the dead past had cast up its ghosts, and he had seen them. He saw something more tangible as he raised his eyes to the door, and recognised his governor, Mr. David Sheldrake. The bottle was still In Muzzy's hand, and he tried to put it oat ' of sight as he rose to welcome his most ^unexpected visitor. . "Surprised to see me, eh, Muzzy!" , exclaimed Mr. Sheldrake, in an easy tone. "You're welcome, Sir, you're welcome," said Mswijr, his looks contradicting his Words. "Anythingwrong, Sir?" " No, old man, don't be alarmed; there's nothing wrong." , Mr. Sheldrake was smartly dressed and presented quite a gay appearance in his cut away velvet ooat and his cane and fashionable ' hat, - and with - his mustachios carefully curled. He did not remove his hat, but looked round upon the,room and its poor furnishings superciliously, with the air of a suzerain; and looked also at Muzzy with more than usual interest. . . "Will you take a seat, Sir?" asked Muzzy humbly, .and with inward trepidation; for | any occurrence out of the usual run of thingB filled him with fear. Mr. Sheldrake seated himself by the table, and -took up the empty glass. " Been drinking Mngay?" "Ko, Sir, no," replied Muzzy, striving to look Mr. Sheldrake in the face as he tola the untruth, but failing most signally. "I've givenit up, Sir, Tve given it up." Mr. Sheldrake smiled and nodded, as much as to say, "I know you are. lying, but it's, of no consequenceand said aloud, with another disparaging look round the apart ment—"Kot a very handsome lodging, old. man." "As. good as I can afford, Sir," said Muzzy. "You sly old dog," said Mr. Sheldrake merrily; " it's my opinion you have a pot of money put by somewhere." "No, Sir, indeed, Sir, no; if I had I should live in a better place than this." "A flower, eh?" taking up the flower which Muzzy had bought for Lizzie. " You amorous old dog 2 What lady fair is this for?" " For a friend who lives in the next room, Sir." "I thought yon told me you had no friends," said Mr. .Sheldrake, with a swift but searching glance at Muzzy's drooping form. _ " More I have, Sixonly this one, a good girl who tidies up my place, and cooks 3 bit for me now and then. I told you the truth. Sir. I have not known her long." " Can she bear us talk, this charmer of yours?" "She's not at home. Sir." " But if she came in quietly—women are sly ones, some of them; like cats—could she hear us ?" " No, Sir, not when the'door is shut." Mr. Sheldrake rose .and closed the door. "Now, Muzzy, let's to business." "Yes, Sir." " I haven't come here for nothing to-night, old man.■■ You're getting too old for the work at the office——" "Don't say that, Sir," implored Muzzy; " don't say that!" "Don't put yourself in a flurry, old man. We want younger heads than yonrs now; they're looking sharper after us than they used to do, and in the case of a blow up they'd frighten all sorts of things oat of you. The fact is, we're going to breakup the office here, and start a new one in Scotland. But I've something better in view for you, if I thought X could depend upon yon." "Don'tthink, Sir; he sure. Til do any old thing yon tell me, Sir. You'll find the old man faithful to the last. I didn't think you'd throw me off, Sir; you're.not that sort." "I suppose you would be faithful, as it would lie your interest to be so. I could ruin you old man, and you know it. I hare kept a pretty good account of certain things—" Mr. Sheldrake did not finish his speech, but he had said, enough to strike terror to Muzzy, who sat before him shaking and trembling with fear. " I asked yon," continued Mr. Sheldrake, altera sufficient pause, "a little while ago if it was possible you could keep sober were it worth your while." ' " I remember, Sir." "'And you told me, as you told me just now, that you had given up drink." Muzzy's only answer was a frightened, nervous lopk. "Look here, old man," exclaimed Mr. Sheldrake sternly, " once and for all—no more of your lies to me. You've been drinking to-night. I saw you hide the bottle as I came into the room." " There's no concealing anything from yon, Sir," said Muzzy, in an imploring tone. "I felt lonely, and I did buy a little—not much, upon my soul, Sir! and I tried to keep from it, but wasn't quite able. If Lizzie had been here " "lizae?" " The girl in the next room, Sir. If she had been at home I shouldn't have tasted a drop. But what can an old man do in such a place as this with not a soul to speak to? It is a terrible lonely life, Sir, and grows worse and worse as one mows older. If I wasn't afraid, I should like to die, but ' Fm. frightened to think of it." Muzzy shook and shuddered and raised his feeble hand; had he been-alone, with this fear upon him, he would undoubtedly have emptied his bottle of gin in 'a very short time. Mr. Sheldrake,, with au air of thoughtfulnesa, lit a (agar, and slowly paced the room. for a few moments. Pausing before the trembling old man, be said— "This girl Lizzie, how old is she ?" "About eighteen I should say, Sir; but I don't exactly know." "Where are her parents ?" " She has none. Sir." '' Does she live alone ?" "Yes, Sir." " How does she get her living ?" "By the sewing-machine, Sir; and some* times goes ont to work." The sound of laughing voices on the stairs stopped this cross-examination. A look of astonishment flashed into the eye3 of Mr. Sheldrake. " Who's that ?" he asked abruptly. "It must be lizzie," answered Muzzy; "no one else but her and me lives on this floor." "Gome and listen—quick! come and listen!" In his impatience he almost dragged Muzzy to the door. The persons outside were , laughing and talking on the landing. "Yes, it is lizzie," said the old man. "And the other?" questioned Mr. Shel. drake, with strange eagerness. " The other? who is he?" An expression of displeasure, almost of envy, passed across Muzzy's face. "It's a young man who comes to see her some times." - "Her lover?" Muzzy did not reply, and Mr. Sheldrake demanded again impatiently, "Her lover?" "Isnppose so," answered Muzzy reluc tantly ; " it looks like it." "Do yon know him—what is he like ?" "I haven't seen him, but I know bis voice; I hear it often enough." Mr. Sheldrake laughed—a triumphant, self-satisfied laugh, as if he had made a gratifying discovery. By this time the persons outside had entered lizzie's room; the listeners heard the door close. "Mnzzy, old man," cried Mr. Sheldrake beartily; but he checked himaolf suddenly, and, opening the door, stepped quietly into the passage, and listened to the voices .in lizzie's room. Returning with a beaming, face, he repeated, " Muzzy, old man! the time has come for you to turn over a new leaf." "I am quite ready, Sir," acquiesced Muzzy, with the slightest consciousness of his patron's meaning. Trtat. of a Pemai® Communist.—An exciting scene occurred in Paris at the trial by court martial of Augustine Chiffon. During the fighting this woman was seen in the streets, her hands steeped in blood, and boasting that she had killed two soldiers. On the entay of the troops she was taken prisoner ana placed against the wall to be shot, but on her saying that she had tended the wounded the .troops spared her life. Atthe trial an officer who was charged with her defence pleaded that her mind was deranged. " I am not mad," she exclaimed, "and protest ^against the words. I hare, suffered too much in prison, and demand to be put to death. But your turn will come' also; the men of Versailles were too cowardly to kill me, but you will all be shot like dogs! Vive la Commune!" At those words the public rushed on her, and the guard had to intervene for her protection, and dragged her away stall crying ont, "Vive la Commune! A bas lea Versafl laisl" and without her bonnet or shawl, which had been torn from her in the struggle. The Court eventually condemned her to 20 years' hard labour. The woman was then brought back, and on hearing her sentence read again ' burst out in a tone of mockery—" The cowards they do not dare! Bah ! Iam 85,and in 20 years I ahull be only 55, and still good for some thing. Butitis only a matter to laugh at; a ' change of Government, and I shall be out-at once, and that will not be long. ViTe la Commune!" " 