WESLETAN METHODIST DISTRICT MEETING. Saturday mental ana shltfir ocsopltfi In nottsta >- porta of the written »ra7ntnaHmi! of the probatinnora. and is tbe trtoa vooe examination of one candidate for the ministry. Mr Solo way, after giving xn aooount of his 00&- verxJoc to God, and hi call to the work of the ministry, paoeed a successful examination, oonduoted by the chair man end eras unanimously reoommanded to the conference. Several of the ministers haviDg engagement oc the Sabbath tn distant parts, the muou dosed st one cUaefc. Tha BlttlngBof Monday commenced by ringing tha Jbymn, and ryer offered by tha Rev. Henry OftUord. The Rev. L Wftlkia snbmiUcd lhe draft of 1 memorial to be p resected to the .Legislative Coamril. embodying the reaolatlsziB of the lay and o'-erical membar of tbe finzncdil meeting on Friday Last, which we adopted. Tbe thank of the meeting were unanimously presented to lhe Rev. W. D. Lei eon for hii vary practical and appropriate ftermaa to the young on Sabbath afternoon last, in Lydlard fitreat Church : and the Rev, W. Brown, of Blawell, vu ap pointed to oreoob the sermon next year. Thank were also voted to the friend wtro bare oo hospitably entertained the minister, pud the Rev. J. CftttertU wai requested to OoDVey them In writing. The afternoon vu occu- pied Ja oonridertqg ahe aesttoii. What con be dose to promote the work of God in thLs dii- trictf The rihainnan opened the conversation, and many of cm araxior minister deflvered abort addrrasra braang upon the blfldranof «sd the anxi Hades to the pro- grera of lhe Chnrah.. The alight dcorraae in moubara. thodgh fuHy coco anted far by removal aneed by the lateftxodni to Charters Tow era. Port Darwin, Ac., woe UU to ta a nrsftir of mrave eanaero and oerioos regret. au egrsed, bowevsr. that there wu no ground for disoonragemoiL Many cheering tcatimonira were borne to the ooattnaed preorace of the Holy Ghost, and to the oouvertUvgpowcr whioh had attended the preaching of th word during the past year. Ttiecmainman ooualaaed the meeting wilh a abort ftddrera embodyivgtbe suggarioui thai hia been modeTond ean- talntng timely war.e of waooaragement raid counsel. The sitting was resumed ol eleven son, oc Taeeday, when the entire ndnntra of the dlitriot meeting were rood by the seoretary «&d; oaeflrmed, and formally rigned bythectialr- man ad the secretary, all ttaadt&g.; The Revo. E. King en A J. Don offered the oanc sding prayers, end the bene diction by tbe chairman ended the station. The 'o'lowlng 1 the station sheet prepared by the dlitriot Gericn Eart— S. Z. Wat kin, F. B. G L-her: Qcefong West— £ King fsHjrriary of the district), T. K. Iok. M.A, Drvsdate- J. W. Tnokfleld; Cotao— Thoa. Grove; Btaweil end Ararat— W. Brown, R. Fitcher; BaUarat, Lydlard street— J. Dors, F Neaie, to be anppiied; Ballarat, Barfcly sacet-Jaa. Blokford (oholnmas). to be sapplfed ; Clunra— to be suoplied; Creswick— J. W. Crisp; Soandale and Lin too— E. S- Blrtford, C. H. Ingameti: StiegUta— W- ftL Benneti. Note.— John Zjgtestiroe and Thoa. AdamsoB are invited to the C!unc« Circuit. W. EL Filch ett 1 Invited to BaUarat (Lydlard etreeL). 