THE PERPETUAL AEMANACK- Ob, GENTLEMAN . SOLDIER'S PRAYER BOOK. [Telling how. <one BKhard Middleton was: taken before the Major of t^ecity he was in.for,using cards in church during. divine service; being a droll, merry, and humonr account an odd affair that happened to a private soldier in the 60th Regiment of Foot.3 The sergeant commanded his party to the church, and when the parson had ended his prayer, he toot his extent; and all of them that sad a Bible pulled it out to find the text ; but this soldier had neither Bible, almanack, or common prayer-book. He put his hand in his jjocket and palled out a pack of cards, and spread them before him as he sat. While the parson was preaching he first kept looking at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and •aid, "Bichard, put np your cards; for this is 110 place for them." " Never mind that," said the soldier, " for you have up business with me here." When the parson had ended his sermon, and * all was done, the soldiers repaired to the church yard, and the commanding officer gave the word of command to fall in, which they did. The sergeant of the city took the soldier prisoner. " Mail, you are my prisoner," said the sergeant. Said the soldier, " What hare I done that I should be your prisoner." I " You have played a game of cards in church," eud the sergeant. Said the soldier, "I hare not played a game of cords in church ; I only looked at a pack." "No matter for that, you are my prisoner." " Where must we go ? " asked the soldier. "You must go before the Mayor," said the seigeant. So he took him before the Mayor, and when they came to the Mayor's house, he was at dinner. When he had dined, he came to them and said, "Well, sergeant, what do you want with me." " I have brought a soldier before your Honor for playing at cards in the church." "What! that soldier ? " "Yes." "Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?" " Much, sir, I hope." " Well "and good 5 but if you have not, you shall be punished the worst that ever man was." "Sir," said the soldier, "I have been five weeks upon the march, and have but little to subsist on, and am without either Bible, almanack, or common prayer- book, or anything but a pack of cards. I hope to satisfy your Honor of the purity of my intention." Then the soldier pulled out of his pooket the pack of cards, which he spread before the Mayor, and began with the ace. " When I see the ace," Baid he, " it puts me in mind there is one God only; when I see the duece, it puts me in mind of the Father and the Son; when I see the tray, it puts me in mind of the Father1, Son, and Holy Ghost; when I see the four, it puts me in mind of the four Evan gelists that preached the Gospel, viz.—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John; when I see the five, it puts me in mind of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps—there were ten, but five were foolish, and were shut out; when I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth; when I see the seven, it puts me in mind that on the seventh day God rested from all the works he had created and made—wherefore the Lord blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it; when I see the eight, it puts me in mind of the eight righteous persons who were saved in the ark when God drowned the word, viz.—Noah and his wife and his three sons and their wives; when X see the nine, I am reminded of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour—there were ten, but nine never returned God thanks; when I see the ten, it puts me in mind of the ten commandments that God gave Moses on Mount Sinai on the two tables of stone." He took the knave and laid it aside. "When I see the queen, it puts me in^raind of the Queen of Sheba, who came from the further most parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Sing Solomon, and who was as wise a woman as he was a man, for she brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, to show before Sang Solomon, for him to tell which were boys and which were girls, but he could not until he called for water for them to wash themselves; the girls washed up to their elbows, and the boys only up to their wrists, so King Solomon told by that; and also of Queen Elizabeth, to pray for her ; and when I see the king, it puts me in mind of the Great King of heaven and earth, which is God Almighty." " Well," said the Mayor, " you have given a very good description of all the cards except one, which is lacking." " Which is that?" said the soldier. " The knave," said the Mayor. "Oh, I can give your Honor a good description of that; if your Honour won't be angrv." " No, I will not," said the Mayor, " if you will not term me the knave." " Well," said the soldier, " the greatest knave that I know of is the sergeant of the city, who brought me here." " I don't know," said the Mayor, " that he is the greatest knave, but I am sure he is the greatest fooL" "I shall now show your Honor how I use the cards as an almanack." " You certainly are a clever fellow," said the Mayor, " but I think you will have a hard matter to make that appear." "When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find there are three hundred and sixty-five ; there are so many days in the year." "Stopsaid the Mayor, " that's a mistake," " I grant it," said the soldier, " but as I have never yet seen an almanack that was thoroughly correct in all points. It would have been im possible for me to imitate an almanack exactly— without a mistake." " Your observations are veiy correct," said the Mayor; " go on." " When I count how many cards there are in a pack I find there are fifty-two ; there are so many weeks in the year. When I count how many tricks there are in a pack I find there are thirteen ; there are so many months in the year. So you see, sir, that this pack of cards is a Bible, almanack, common prayer- book, and pack of cards, all in one." Then the Mayor took a loaf of bread off the table, and gave it to the soldier, and said to him, "This time, soldier, you may go, bat the next time you go to church take a Bible like other folks, and keep your own to use upon the march. Here is a loaf for you, for if you subsisted five days marching on a paek of cards, having neither Bible, almanack, nor common prayer-book, you must now be hungry. You may go." Thus ends the account of the Perpetual Alma nack, or Gentleman Soldier's Prayer-Book. London, July 23rd, 1587. 