THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. The following is the epistle from the yearly meeting of the Society of Friends, held in London, by adjournments from the 22nd of the fifth mouth to the 31st of the same inclusive, 1869. To the quarterly and monthly meetings of Friends in Great Britain, Ireland, and elsewhere. Dear Friends,-Our hearts have been comforted together in the fresh experience of the Lord's un- merited goodness The tribute of praise ascends unto Him, and the salutation goes forth to all His four children. " Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ." The memorials road in this meeting concerning beloved brethren and sisters who have died in the faith, have given us a fresh illustration of the oneness of the Christian's hope. The true Church is one, whether on earth or in heaven. The warfare is to be maintained under the one Captain of salvation, whose, all-sufficient grace is the support and consolation of his followers amidst the conflicts of earth, and, for the redeemed, the theme of perpetual praise. " " The Lord our God is one Lord." His wisdom is unsearchable and it becomes us reverently to watch, that, in our meditations upon Him we may in no way attempt to limit His infinite perfections by our finite reasonings, or permit ourselves to dwell upon any one of His attributes to the exclusion of others. " God is Love," and is yet " of purer eyes than to behold evil." In the earlier dispensations, the solemn rite of sacrifice presented, to the eye of faith, both His judgments and His mercies. " Without shedding of blood, is no remission." And when in the fullness of time, it pleased God more abundantly to show forth the light of His grace, the law of im- mutable holiness was " established '' in the glorious revelation of His infinite love. He gave His own Son " a ransom " for us the holy for the unholy; " the just for the unjust." it was His good pleasure that man should be justified freely by His grace, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus" " who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree." It is this gospel of the grace of God, which, as it is accepted in faith, is the remedy for the evils which afflict both the Church and the world, now full of consolation are its promises to the contrite and believing ! How solemn its warnings to the careless and disobedient! "How shall we Vital Christianity £8, of necessity, practical. " They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh, with the affections and lusts." Theirs is an overcoming faith, giving the victory over the world. The true servant of the Lord Jeans will watch against the seductions of ease, and against those indulgence! for himself or for his children, which, without Doing generally accounted sinful, tend, not to brace the mind for duty, but rather to weaken the desire to deny self to take up the cross daily and to follow Christ. The love of Christ is to the Christian a constraining power, leading to fruitfulness and blessing, As he comes under its holy influences, he is taught rightly to limit his desires and pursuits and in presenting himself, day by day, as " a living sacrifice" ho rooms how groatiHnd blessed is the privilege of life-long service, in a full surrender of heart to the Lord. " Know ye not," saith the apostle," " that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which you love of God." Dwell under this holy anointing. Give up your understandings and affections to its transforming operations. " Continue in prayer and watch in the same with thanksgiving." Abide as fruit- bearing branches in Him who is the true Vine. " Be ye, therefore, followers of God as dear children; and walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and has given Himself for m, an offering, and a sacrifice to God, for a sweet-smelling savour." How can they, whose only hope is in the Lord's morey, indulge in hard unforgiving thoughts towards a brother or sister Pi, It may be that thou hast just ground for silence. 'Is thy brother'stroBpassagainst thou any warrant for thy own disobedience F Con- sider how exceedingly is the new commandment of the Lord " Love one another, as I have loved you.' ' He died for IK, oven " when we were enemies." Wait not until thy brother be reconciled unto thee, or until he shall make the fine overture. Bo myself the first to seek reconciliation, and to prove that thou art honestly desirous to submit myself to the government of the Prince of Peace. Whilst we rejoice in the many examples of open handed generosity among lia, it may not be unreasonable to add a few words of encouragement on this important subject. The Christian is to abstain from costly and worldly amusements and as his in documents to large expenditure are thereby diminished it becomes his religious duty to keep down accumulation, by a course of wise and large- hearted bono licence Remember, dear Friends, that you are but towards. Seek dearly to discern how much of your income, or of your property, you ought to spare, and in what manner it may may be well and wisely du tributed for the good of others. Let all, whatever be their circumstances, cultivate, from early years, the spirit of true liberality, according to their means. It is not the largeness of the offering, but the spirit in which it is given, that the Lord regards He " loveth a cheerful giver." The present is a time of much apparent commercial prosperity, in the recollection of the many solemn warnings of the past, we would bid all beware of that spirit which hasted to be rich, and which so often leads those who give way to it, to trade beyond their ability, to the great hurt of themselves and their families, and to the grievous injury of others. And even where speculations may appear outwardly successful, let it be seriously considered, bow injurious to the Christian life is the overburdening of the heart with worldly cares. Be upon the watch to know the right time for retiring from business. In these, and in all other things, stock, both for yourselves and for your children, to be limited by the will of God. We accept the recent Act of Parliament (St. 35, Vict, o. 10.), in relation to marriage according to our usages, as a fresh mark of confidence on the part of our Legislature and we feel that it is an additional call to maintain. in the celebration of marriage, that publicity, order, and simplicity, which this meeting has ever en- joined upon its members. It is our earnest desire that all marriages amongst us may be conducted with religious solemnity, as in the presence and in the fear of Almighty God and that they may never be made occasions for needless expenditure or display. This meeting has warmly sympathised with that large class of our members who have been led in various ways to engage in labours for the promotion of the Redeemer's kingdom. May you, my dear friends, in all those labours, seek the help and direction of the Holy Spirit and have a single eye unto the Lord Jesus Christ, may you be enabled to keep in the line of his requiring, and to fulfil, in simplicity, your measure of service for Him. We desire to encourage our friends everywhere. to use their influence to remove from the earth the blot of slavery wherever it exists ; whether in Eastern Africa, in Cuba, or in the islands of the Pacific The traffic incur fellow men is an outrage upon every principle of humanity and justice Not only does it causes immeasurable distress to those who are carried captive, and make desolate the homes whence they are taken, but it brings a deadly moral blight upon all who are engaged in it. What more effectual barrier can be opposed to the spread of Christianity, than the practice of professed Christiana, in procuring labourers by fraud or violence, and detaining them in bondage contrary to the righteous law of God. Our attention has been again directed to the enormous evils attending the spirit and practice of war. Is the world to learn nothing from the lease of the past P Scarcely have two of the principal nations of Europe emerged from one of the most awful conflicts of modern times, than we see them again arming, in seeming preparation for fresh struggles. It distresses us to think that even in our own highly favoured country, in the midst of profound peace, attempts should be made to increase our military establishments, and to promote a martial spirit among the masses of the people. We mourn over these things. Ours is professedly a Christian nation. But the whole life and teaching of our Lord and Saviour is one continued testimony against the spirit of war. His words are not to be annulled by the teachings of men. We look with serious apprehension upon the existence and increase of military " centres " How often do they become also centres of demoralisation and sin. War, springing from a root of bitter- ness, polluted alike in its origin and in its object, poisons everything that comes within its influence. The soldier cannot become skilled in the art of destruction, armaments cannot be raised or kept together, battles cannot be fought, multitudes of men cannot be slaughtered and their hours hurried into eternity, upon Christian principles. We entreat all who love our Lord Jesus Christ to consider the dis I honour done to his holy name, and the hindrance to the true progress of the gospel, occasioned by the i sanction given by its professors to the military system I and spirit. ' Beloved Friends, our hearts are again turned in humble thanksgiving to our Father in heaven, in the fresh sense of what we owe to him in Christ our Redeemer. " Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." It is our prayer that we may be strengthened to stand fast upon this foundation, and to maintain a faithful allegiance to our Lord and Saviour. He hath, for ever, fulfilled and ended the typical and sacrificial worship under the law, by the offering up of Himself on the cross, '. once for all." He is the one Sacrifice for sin, to whom that Sacrifices pointed, the great High Priest who is passed into the heavens," through whom alone we have access, by one Spirit, unto the Father." His priesthood is " unchangeable," and on have no substitute or representative upon earth. He baptizes with the Holy, Ghost, through whom the gospel of his grace is made effectual in all them that believe and obey, both to their peace and fruitful ness, He is " the Head over all things to the Church ;" the dispenser of the gifts of the Spirit. All true spiritual service must be of his appointment and qualification and should be exercised in dependence upon his direction and blessing, In the face of so much in professing Churches that tends to create a dependence upon outward ordinances, we desire to hear an earnest testimony to the immediateness of the Saviour's presence and ministration The hierarchical system, with its ritual and ceremonial, has no place in the New Testament. The operations of the Holy Spirit are not there made dependent upon any human act or ordinance. The invitation, " Come unto me, I will give you rest, is free from all priestly intervention. " Whosoever will," may come immediately to Him the Almighty Saviour. The work of the ministry of the Gospel is not limited to any particular class or order of men ; neither is it worship restricted to outward observances, or else indent upon the presence of an outward minister. Wherever the two or three are truly gathered in the name of Christ, , there is He " in the midst of them ;'' and there is a Church. How dangerous is that condition of mind which associates Christian worship with pomp and ceremony, or that can view it is admitting gorgeous spectacles or outward show. The Most High cannot be worshipped by proxy. He looketh at the heart, and requires heart service in humble dedication unto Him. Dear Friends, with such privileges under the Christian calling, " what manner of persons ought vote be in all holy conversation and godliness f" The time can never come for us to lay down any portion of our testimony to the Lord Jesus. Living not unto ourselves, but with hearts given up in faith and love unto Him, may we " grow up into Him in all things," and, in His unmerited grace, come to stand perfect and complete in all the will of God," 0:T""J 53 "" T,nl",lf of the mAnning lil I OlglIUU TO Ililli in united. v. we miss -,, I JoBErn STonns FRY, Clerk to the meeting this year. 