ENGLISH EXTRACTS. THE ECLIPSE.—THE INDIAN EI. PEDITION. ^ From Indiairpaperawe learn that the expedition was Eiipcgsgful Jn every way< •For full accounts of ibe observation made and : the additions to.;astik>iiomical science effected, we must-waiti Bot Mr. Lockyer-'s briefc telegraios is tlqiaite enough to Bhow that^iauch of what he said astronomers would be -wilMfig to wait for centuries to ascertain is- - dready solved. There is significanee'in the one gre&t; fact the constitution'of the corona turns out te be nebulous. It Is, therefore, allied to the comers and meteorites, which may be described as the ghosts of the sola:* system ; : almost immaterial and yet occasionally visible, to the terror of the ignorant* Captain Hogg, B. E., who presided of the photographic department, obtained £ix good photographs from whicli great results are. espected, he havingsaoceeded in photographing the corona. Tha crowd of natives, round, the Belfry Babtion, onthe Esplfijiade, was very great; they set up a most hideous howl directly totality commenced, fancjing that the end of Abe world was at hand. They were under the impression; that the whole of the expedition with assistants and all here during the eclipse;were going to get into a balloon and go to the son and not return; how disappointed they must have been when they found that the observers had not taken their'departure to that celestial orb. Just before totality it was interiselyrcold, and all the birds could be seen winging their way to the trees. Itwas not nearly so dark during totality aa had been expected. The report of the expedition will, on their return to England, be laid before the eclipse committee in Londori,tand the right Hon. the Secretary of State, when it will doubtles be published. EXPEDITION TO BESCUE DE, LIVINGSTONE. At a meeting of th& Eoyal Geograhicsl Society,. Sir H. Rawiinson, in the course of the proceedings^said; "Before I invite Mr. Keith Jolmston and Captain Burton to read the papers which they have prepared for this occasion, I would ask to be allowed to say a few words on another subject in which the society takes an equally warm interest* I allude to Dr. Livingstone^ At the last meeting I read some letters whichTiad been addressed by Mr. Eirk' fe the Government of Bombay, and in which : he described the accidental' outbreak of troubles in Africa whichnhad cut off the communication between theseacoastandthelake ofTanganyika. I may now, be allowed to mention the measures -.which .the : council of this society have this daypropoBed to undertake, in consequence of iie receipt of these letters. -It appears to us now -that %ha hopei^Mch wet iiad of communicating wittr Dr. Livingstone through Mr. -Stanley,^ tbe; American -traveller, must be for the;..present, abandoned, and we consequently have felt .-it our duty to cast;.about for some ofcber means of communication. It is now our intention to address the Foreign Office, withja view of arranging either directly from the Foreign Office, or through co operation between the Foreign Office and our society,. some means of communicating mii the interior. Whether ibis may be done; by, sending messengers into the interior -and ofiering a., reward, as is proposed, of 100 guineas to" any African who "wall bring baekra letter in Dr. Livingstone's handwritingto the ees coast, or wither, as soma of our African travellers are of opinion, It would^ be "better to organise sr direct expedition, headed by some experienced and qualified . European, who should himself penetrate to the point where Dr. Living: Btohe is suppaied to bi^r^wliich of ihose two arrangements it may be most advisable *to pursue will depend upon issue of our proposed coi^munieations with the foreign but the society may Bestafisurred thaVwe shall leave no means untried of Bstablishing the fact that !Dr, Livingstone is-at present living at Mannema whereJbfe has been reported to 'be," in. connection,-with the 'gr®®* Arab traveller, Mohammed BinGharu»- Mr. Sassamf^said, ^iliiS experience tAbysmia i eonvinced.[Mm .tiiat the best 4plan would.beto.sendfnfetive m^sengers < i)ot <^iptaln Bigby, ^ho for many ye» r . s -officaallv resided residfld ^ati ^iftneibar, Saneibar said » 'wonld beimpo^sfbleltQ^etga messenger to ^ejnteiiorand back, tee^ought theo# means «f commnnicatii^ with the gff; traVeEer was teyaJmaE armed expedition 1110 under "an 'ekperieneed Enrcpes^ president feaid tkatf the council, b^n^SiVlsmnwSS ^tklie ob,- . be gained, hadlihGkga rteslrahle g le/plan of ^messengeS'^iould be ^ s laeiasneii a well-written oldingof^"* faM irecaw.. 