CONCERT AT THE TOWN HAIL. A grand vocal and instrumental concert was given by the members of Mr G. Chapman's Band, assisted by a local gentleman amateur, in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. The numerous attractions elsewhere prevented a large attendance, and the liall was not more than half filled. The concert having commenced with a selection of English airs by the Band, Mr Hampshire, a local amateur, sang in an excellent manner'the "Queen's Letter," which was followed liy a fine solo on the cornopean by Max Maretzic, with band accompaniment. Mr Robins, a former resident of Launceston, then sang the comic song " Sweet Jenny," and in reply to an encore gave "Under the Weeping Willow." The Band then having performed the " Adieu Valse," an exceedingly fine solo on the harp was given by Mr Gigney, and was deservedly encored. The first part of the programme ended with a comic song, "The Nunawading Band," by Mr Robins, which was vociferously encored. The Band then performed a selection from the "Grand Duchess," when Mr Hampshire appeared and sang the " Death of Nelson." The solo, "Caller Herrin," on the cornet by Mr Richardson followed ; when Mr Robins gave the comic ditty, "Where's my Dolly gone to?" in character, and in response to another encore impersonated in a very laughable manner " The Ghost of Hamlet." After a humorous pStpourrie of English melodies by the Band, Mr Chapman gave a solo on the French flageolet, which was one of the most admired pieces of the evening. The concert was brought to a close by a performance rarely excelled in Launceston : we refer to the imitation of the bombardment of Paris on eight drums, by Signor Pietro Carina, the renowned drummer of- the French National Guard. The incessant fire of musketry, the sharp, jerky sound of the French mitrailleuse, and the booming of the cannon in the distance, were all accurately and distinctly given by Signor Canna on the various drums. After the concert a quadrille assembly was held and dancing was kept up with vigor till the small hours of the morning. 