THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1872. It has long been very earnestly desired, in the interests alike of the working miners and of the capitalists of the colony, that mining on private property should be duly legalised. For years past mining of this kind has been in operation, and each succeeding year has witnessed its extension—an extension which several causes have tended to hasten. In the first place, Crown lands on the gold-fields have been rapidly fall- ing into the hands of companies or individuals, and in the next place the old workings in adjoining Crown lands have been gradually giving out. Under these circumstances, private lands in auriferous regions have been eagerly taken up by miners and mining companies under the most favourable conditions they could obtain ; but always under conditions which seemed to them unduly favourable to the land- owner. From 5 to 50 per cent. of the gold obtained has been paid to fortunate owners of auriferous lands in years past, and it is not surprising that men with labour or money to invest in gold-mining operations should have considered this a rather high toll to pay for a very trifling disturbance of the earth's sur- face. It had to be paid, nevertheless, until the Legislature or the Government contrived to make more equitable arrange- ments, and when the present Administra- tion came into power a hope somehow arose that "mining on private property" was to be put upon a firm basis without loss of time. Whether this hope grew out of Mr. DUFFY'S profuse promises, or his Attorney-General's supposed familiarity with mining and mining speculation, we need not now stay to inquire. Everyone interested felt quite confident that now at least the colony was to be provided with an enactment to regulate mining on private property, and the investing public began to feel happy. But weeks and months passed on without anything being done, and the spirits of the invest- ing public began to droop. Now, how- ever, after Ministers have been fêted at several gold-fields towns, and have been compelled to promise all kinds of things "orders and regulations relative to the "resumption of land for mining pur- "poses" have really appeared. These long-looked for "regulations" form a supplement to the Government Gazette of Friday last, but do not add much to the information contained in the clause of the Land Act (that of 1869), which deals with the same ques- tion. This act expressly states that all lands alienated under it shall be liable to be resumed for mining purposes on pay- ment to the purchaser or licensee of full compensation for his improvements. All of which is pleasant enough ; but who is to say what " full compensation" means'? This is the point on which all the diffi- culties of the case have arisen, and we do not find that the new regula- tions have any tendency to remove or mitigate these difficulties. All that they do is to appoint a tribunal by which disputes as to mining on pri- vate property are to be adjusted — they lay down no principle for the guidance of the referees. The law provides that alienated lands may be resumed for mining purposes on payment of "full compensation ." but in practice it has never been found practicable to "resume" land on any other terms than those which its owners chose to accept. "Full com- "pensation " is a very vague phrase, and we fear that it will prove so vague, even under the new regulations, as to keep the digger quite away from pur- chased lands. What we want is, that the Govern- ment should say distinctly and abso- lutely that the purchasers of land have no claim to anything but its surface, and that access may be had to it for mining purposes on payment of surface damages. It may be that the law is not quite clear on this point, but a Government has some power to make laws, and it is unquestionable that the prosperity of the colony would be promoted by the inauguration of such a regime. To say that a warden may do so and so, while the secretary or the Minister of Mines may do certain other things, goes for nothing. What we want is a law or a regulation—the former is greatly to be preferred—under which the honest miner may follow gold whithersoever it may lead him, on pay- ment, of course, of such superficial damage as his exploration may involve. So far as we can discover, the new regu- lations do not fully provide for this ; and so far they fall short of the require- ments of the case, They carefully de- fine the powers of this and that official, but they contain no general rule, and so far their author falls short of statesmanship, however clever he may have proved himself as an official. Why does not the Attorney General, who is believed to be a sound lawyer though he still has his spurs to win as a politician, tackle this subject of mining on private property in a manly spirit, and give us some kind of solution of it ? He is understood to be a cautious man, who fears to commit himself ; but caution is by no means the highest quality by which a statesman may be distinguished. It is sometimes necessary to risk something, and we think Mr. WALSH should have tried to strike out upon some new path in order to legalise mining on private property. His new regulations will effect little or nothing, and his first session in Parliament and his first spell of office will therefore count for very little. But this is but a trifling matter as compared with the effect that the new regulations will have upon the general public. They will have scarcely any beneficial effect at all, and once more the Ministry of Action gives strong proof of the worthlessness of Ministerial protesta- tions and the vanity of human expecta- tions. Having shown how completely the spiritists fail to prove the existence of that communication between the superior intelligences and mortals, without which their faith and preaching are alike vain, we will proceed to consider whether we can find in the messages themselves any internal evidence of their supernatural origin. As a rule, we may safely say they are the most milk-and-watery twaddle that could possibly be written by a compiler of "goody" books for the young, whose brains had become weakened by a constant perusal of his own works. In some cases, no doubt, where the questioner and medium are intelligent, and thoroughly in earnest, the character of the communications is slightly improved, but so far as they are only repetitions of old truths they are valueless, and so far as they are original their spiritual origin is incapable of proof. To the former category be- long all those highflown sentiments and moral directions which "J. S." has kindly transcribed for our bene- fit, while the latter includes the anthropological theory which the same gentleman is now engaged in developing by order of the spirits, from an outline furnished by themselves. Some spasms convulse the features of his medium while in a state of catalepsy, the contortions exhibited are trans- ferred to paper, and are then stated to be correct representations of the twelve primeval varieties of the human race. As it is impossible, however, either to verify this fact or disprove it, it must always remain a matter of assertion on the one side and denial on the other. Concerning this new science of anthropology as a whole, it will be time enough to speak when the particulars are given to the world. That part of it which is founded on facts and proved "by rigorous induc- tion" will no doubt meet with accept- ance, but any attempt to draw inferences from fancy sketches of Caribs' heads would only provoke the scientific world to laughter. In estimating the probable value of these spirit messages we must not lose eight of the methods by which it is said they are communicated. "J. S." wishes to separate the physical from the intel- ligent phenomena of spiritualism, as he has never witnessed the former, and indeed appears to hold them in light esteem. Without going so far as to say that the two branches must either stand or fall together, it is indubitable that most spiritists consider them to be of equal value. And, indeed, there ap- pears to be no reason why they should not be so looked on, for although with- out doubt the spectacle of a number of sane men and women sitting round a table, watching with eager interest for its slightest movement, and listening with rapt attention for its lying raps, is one well calculated to give a man a poor opinion of his species, the same may be said of the sight presented to his gaze by the man who hangs with breath- less anxiety on the lips of a cataleptic patient, and treasures up her ravings as the utterances of supernatural wisdom. Granting, however, for the sake of argument, that the spirits do communi- cate with mortals, what must we think of their intelligence when we consider the means they have adopted for speak- ing with us ? Is it not beneath the dignity of a superior being to play pranks with furniture, and a re- flection on his capacity to be obliged to descend to a series of idiotic rappings in order to convey an answer to his questioners ? Could the meanest amongst men feel any respect for such poor creatures as these ? Why, positively no one who had any regard for his reputation would have anything to do with such a disreputable set of spirits, much less think himself honoured or improved by their acquaintance ; in fact, we had better go to a lunatic asylum for instruction and xxxnce rather than trust to these cxxx and table haunting ghosts. Consider what a frightful prospect would be opened up to us were there any truth in the spiritists' assertions. Instead of finding rest when we had "shuffled off this mortal coil," we should enter on an eternity of woe, liable to be summoned at any moment to do the bidding or answer the inquiries of every empty-headed fool who might wish to gratify a passing whim. The human mind recoils instinctively, horror stricken at the prospect of so melan- choly a doom, the expectation whereof would embitter existence and add a fresh sting to death. Far better cease to exist altogether than be for ever em- ployed in assisting Mr. HOME in his absurdities, supporting Mrs. GUPPY in her aërial rides, telling lies on tables, or knocking furniture about generally for the amusement of gaping crowds. The case would not be improved if, instead of mingling our essence with a drawingroom table, we had to take up our abode in the deadened brain of some unfortunate medium, and twist his or her physiognomy into the likeness and similitude of the primeval Carib, or any of his interesting contemporaries. Not even the chance of being elevated to a higher sphere could by any possi- bility reconcile any intelligent spirit to a life of such torture and abasement. If all that a never-ending hereafter can give to humanity is shadowed forth in the spiritist's creed, then were it better for all of us that we had never been born. It is interesting to speculate what we should soon come to if we had no surer guide for our feet than that which is afforded by the spiritist writings. It is a remarkable fact that, although the spirits declare that all great writers in every age have been " under spiritual inspiration or impressions," their teaching should differ so widely in many instances. In what way are we to determine between their respective claims to our respect ? For instance, we find " J, S," saying in his first letter —" The ethics of Christianity they " (the spiritists) sedulously teach ; but " the doctrine of the godhead of " CHRIST, and that of the atone- " ment, they condemn as having con- " tributed more than any other cause " to impede the christianisation of " mankind." Turning, however, to a book called Communications from Another World, we find, at page 103, of the Australian edition, the following remarks by Mr. WILLI AM HOWITT, of whom the author says, in the words of COLERIDGE, "I could almost as soon " doubt the Gospel verity as his vera- " city," This extract is from a letter published in 1862 :—" We held philo- " sophical Unitarian opinions ; but, " when thus alone, the communications " condemned them, and asserted the " divinity and godhead of our SAVIOUR." Now, what we want to know is, which set of spirits are we to be- lieve ? —for here is a direct con- flict of evidence. Either "J, S.'s" spirits have grossly deceived him or Mr. HOWITT'S familiars have played him false. We leave these gentlemen to settle the matter between them, with a recommendation that they should let their ghostly visitants know that before they can hope to secure attention for their utterances, they must learn to tell the truth and stick to it. The arrival of the South Australian branch mail steamer at Adelaide was telegraphed at half-past 12 o'clock this morning, and the message began to arrive at about half-past 1 o'clock. It will be seen that the delay was caused by the constant head winds the Ban- galore encountered on her way down. The mail steamer may be looked for in the bay to- morrow afternoon. There was a meeting of the Executive Council yesterday, and all the Ministers, save the Solicitor-General, were present. Except that the new regulations in respect to mining on private property, which have been recently prepared in the Lands department, were adopted, the business transacted was of small importance. The new Royal Commission to investigate the subject of the silting up of Hobson's Bay, was duly appointed, but assent to tbe appointment of a Royal Commission to inquire into diphtheria, its cause and remedy, was withheld, pending some alterations in the personnel of the board. A few justices of the peace had their districts changed, and Messrs. Halfey and Levison were appointed assignees in insolvency—the former for Melbourne, and the latter for Ballarat. The regulations respecting mining on private property, which were assented to by the Executive Council yesterday, promul- gated in a Government Gazette Supplement issued later in the evening, and are published elsewhere in this issue, constitute a first instalment of what the Government has promised to do in respect to the subject. They were prepared by the Lands department, and the Mining department has had xxxx nothing to do with them. They are based on the 99th section of the Amending Land Act of 1869, which provides for the resumption by the Crown for mining purposes of all lands alienated under that act, and permits of applications being made for such lands if auriferous. It is discretionary with the Government whether such applications shall be entertained in the first instance, but if they are allowed, the owner is compensated in a mode very similar to that ordained in the Lands Compensation Statute. Two deputations waited yesterday on the Minister of Mines, as the head of the Water Supply department, and a third (from Sand- hurst) also put in an appearance, but in the absence of the mayor of Sandhurst, postponed the requests they had to make. The first deputation consisted of members of Parlia- ment, viz., Mr. W. C. Smith, from Ballarat West, Messrs. Stewart and Philipps, from Creswick, and Mr. Zeal, from Castlemaine; and their object was to represent that Mr. Langtree, late an engineer in the department, had been wrongfully dismissed. His services were, it appeared, dispensed with on account of some alleged unsatisfactory surveys made for the Clunes waterworks, but it was now contended that there had been a suppression of documents that would have put a different complexion upon affairs. Mr. M'Lellan pro- mised to make inquiries into the matter, but the question was one which had been dealt with by his predecessor, whose decision he was loth to disturb. Complaints of this sort, he suggested, were best made to Parliament. The interview then closed. "The second deputation consisted of the president of Maldon Shire, accompanied by Mr. W. Williams, the member for the district. Their object was to obtain the sanction of the Water Supply department to a plan for the repair of the Maldon reservoir, or rather that a vote of £300 for the work which had lapsed should be renewed, Mr. M'Lellan consented to the renewal, but steadfastly resisted every attempt made to induce him to increase the amount. In reply to a deputation from tho Ballarat Water Commission, headed by Mr. Thos. Cowan, its president, the Attorney-General yes- terday renewed his promise made at Ballarat of preparing a patent of commission which should increase the powers held by this body and said that the affair should be completed at an early date. Yet more Ministerial banquets. Another invitation to the Ministry to attend one of these political entertainments has been sent from Castlemaine, and Mr. Duffy has ac- cepted it on behalf of himself and colleagues. It was signed by a Mr. J. F. Sweeney, and is stated to have emanated from a public meeting called for the purpose. This makes the fourth banquet to which the Ministry has to look forward, and it is arranged that one shall take place each month. The Creswick banquet is fixed for January 30, the Stawell banquet for February 20, the Castle- maine banquet for March, and the Mary- borough banquet for early in April. As the two Houses are expected to meet at the close of the last-mentioned month, it is not improbable that the occasion will be taken at Maryborough to make a speech anticipatory of Parliamentary action. The Mining department of the Government is being just now subjected to great pressure. Nearly all the important mining works in the country are now being established on mining leases, and applications come in at the rate of 40 or 50 per day. Except in cases which involve disputes or exceptional difficulties, these applications appear to be very promptly dealt with. Some suspicion was excited in the minds of the Customs authorities lately, by the peculiar appearance presented by a parcel of tea which arrived in the s.s. Claud Hamilton, from New Zealand. This shipment consisted of about 10 tons of tea, which was packed in 210 bags and 14 soft goods cases. The peculiarity of the packing, so different to the usual manner in which tea is always imported, attracted the attention of the 'Customs authorities, and the health officer of the city, Mr. Girdlestone, was com- municated with in order to ascertain if the tea was fit to go into consumption. Yester- day Mr. Girdlestone, accompanied by an expert visited the bond where the tea is at present stored. A very short examination showed that the article was quite unfit for use. It had evidently been at one time thoroughly saturated by sea-water and dried by some process, no attempt having been made to extract the salt. When a small portion of the tea is tasted, a strong flavour of sea-salt is at first the only thing perceptible, but soon afterwards a very sickly flavour succeeds, which is not got rid of for some time, the disagreeable flavour being distinctly per- ceptible for fully an hour after tasting. This tea is believed to form portion of the cargo of the Hindu, a vessel that was wrecked some time ago on the New Zealand coast. The whole cargo was bought for a very small sum (about £40), and this is the fourth or fifth shipment of this tea that has been intro- duced into the Melbourne market. Although there is not the slightest doubt of the unwholesome character of the article, the health officer does not consider himself empowered by the act to seize the bulk, though if the tea were being retailed, proceed- ings could be taken against the persons selling. There has already been fully 100,000lb. of this poisonous rubbish brought into the Melbourne market, the greater por- tion of which, it is said, has passed through the hands of a member of the late Ministry, who is also proprietor of the present ship- ment. If the City Council is holpless in the matter, it will be necessary for the Govern- ment to step in and prevent the citizens of Melbourne being poisoned in this wholesale manner. The burial of John King, the last of the famous party of Australian explorers, took place yesterday. The funeral arrangements were carried out in a simple, unostentatious manner. Soon after 4 o'clock the procession came over Prince's-bridge, from St. Kilda, and passed up through the city, by way of Swanston-street, to the General Cemetery. The line of vehicles was short, and save that persons were on the look-out, the procession might have been unnoticed. There were, however, some hundreds of the ordinary crowd of the streets waiting for the funeral party in the lower portion of Swanston-street and on Prince's-bridge. A few minutes' halt was made at the bridge, where the pro- cession was joined by the mourning coach of the Exploration Committee, who were represented by Dr. Wilkie and Mr. Donald (secretary of the committee). Baron von Mueller, another member, was in his private carriage. There were four other mourning coaches and eight or nine private vehicles. At the time the cortége passed through the city the weather was fair, but rain had been falling, sometimes heavily, up to a quarter to 4 o'clock. The gloomy, unpleasant weather, no doubt, prevented a large gathering of spectators in the streets. It was the last wish of Mr. King that he should be laid near to the tomb of the Rev. Mr. Hill, and the spot chosen is only a few feet from the railings round the murdered chaplain's grave. The headstone marking the place where the Rev. Dr. Corrigan was interred is about the samo distance away in another direction. The mention of these names will indicate that King was buried in a distinguished portion of the Wesleyan division of the cemetery. A considerable number of persons were collected round the grave to witness the service. The pall bearers were Baron von Mueller, Dr. Wilkie, Mr. J. Morris, Mr. J. T. Eckersell, Mr. J. Henty, Mr. Barrett, Mr. W. Jones, and Inspector Gilmour, of the Queensland mounted police, whose name is connected with expeditions in search of the explorer Leichardt. The Rev. J. Bickford, who had been a constant attendant upon King for years past, assisted by the Rev. J. Dare, conducted the religious services. The in- scription on the coffin was—"John King, died 15th January, 1872 ; aged 31 years." It is intended that a suitable stone shall be erected over the grave. After paying a warm tribute to the memory of King, the explorer, the Ballarat Courier remarks:—"King is now beyond the power of the colony to more tangibly recognise his worth, the measure of which is only known to those who enjoyed his personal acquaint- ance. But it is in Mr. Duffy's power to do an act which will be cordially endorsed from one end of the colony to the other. With John King's death ends his pension. Let that pension be continued to his wife as long as she lives, and thus the worth and gallant services of the deceased be recognised beyond his grave. The country will he eternally disgraced if this suggestion is not adopted, or if the widow of such a man as John King is allowed to starve." We are requested by the promoters of the New Guinea Expedition, which is being organised in the form of a company of sub- scribing members, to state that it was not by or on behalf of them that application was made to the Government for the assistance of a grant of money. They also desire to state that, so far from contemplating acts of piracy or violence of any kind, their agree- ment provides that the operations of the expedition party will be in accordance with the legitimate practices of British commerce. In connexion with the above, we may mention that yesterday Mr. L. Evans and Mr. F. Ross waited on the Chief Secretary and expressed their surprise at its being stated in the papers that that ex- pedition had applied for pecuniary assistance, and they begged to give the statement an authoritative contradiction. Mr. Duffy re- ferred them to a letter written to the Govern- ment by a Mr. W. Iliffe, avowedly on behalf of the expedition, and asking for pecuniary aid and countenance. Musical people in Melbourne are just now looking out with some little expectation for a visit from Madame Agatha States and her company, who have achieved consi- derable success in Sydney, where they recently arrived from California. Madame States is accompanied by Signor Cecchi, tenor, Signor Orlandini, baritone, and Signor Susine, basso. But these are not enough for the production of opera, and there is this difficulty in the way of their appearance in Melbourne, that they are almost necessarily dependent upon the assistance of Mr. W. Lyster, the impre- sario, who, in his turn, is reluctant to act independently of Signor Cagli, with whom he is just now on certain terms of association. It is to be hoped that Mr. Lyster will not stand in the way between the new artists and a Melbourne audience. It is worth while on this occasion to give an outline of Mr. Lyster's movements in respect to operatic performances. His English opera troupe sing on Saturday night next at the Town-hall, and subsequently fulfil engagements at Ballarat and Sandhurst. The Lyster and Cagli Italian opera troupe is now at Dunedin, from whence they will proceed to Adelaide, where they are to appear on the 20th of next month. But the great operatic event to which we have to look forward is the appearance of Signora Enrichetta Bosisio, who is to arrive here under engagement to Messrs. Lyster and Cagli by the May mail steamer from Calcutta, where she is stated to have made a profound sensation as a vocalist. The directors of the Colonial Bank at their last board meeting determined to appoint Mr. W. Greenlaw as general manager of the bank. Mr. Greenlaw has for a long time held the position of sub-manager, and has also for some months been the acting manager. It was stated at the last general meeting of shareholders that Mr. Adam Burnes, the general manager, would cease to hold office at the termination of his term of leave. The language of spiritualism appears to be finding its way into the sphere of politics. The following is from the Warrnambool Examiner :—" In reply to an inquiry on the subject of main road subsidies, the Hon. M. O'Grady ridicules the statement that it is the intention of the Government to withdraw them. ' Some dead-brained authority only,' Mr. O'Grady telegraphs to us, ' could have fabricated so improbable a story as the main road subsidy withdrawal.' We are glad," says the Examiner, " to accept this as an assurance that it is not the intention of the Government to get rid of these subsidies. At the same time, we should like to see a conference of shire councils on the subject of subsidies and endowments generally." The sale of Crown lands was resumed yesterday at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.'s rooms, Collins-street west. The attendance was good, and most of the lots realised very satisfactory price. The first lot disposed of was the site of the old commissariat office, in Bourke- street west, between Spencer and King streets. This piece of ground, measuring 1 rood 36 perches, was, with the buildings upon it, purchased for £1,881—the upset price being £20 per foot. There were catalogued 13 town allotments, between the western extremities of Victoria and Queensberry streets, which were valued at £300 per acre, but they were all sold after some competition at prices approaching £500 per acre. Three allotments in the township of Macedon were withdrawn from sale, and four suburban lots, in the parish of Yan Yean, all found pur- chasers at an advance on the upset price. The total proceeds of the sale were £2,630 10s. 2d. The ordinary weekly meeting of the com- mittee of the Alfred Hospital was held in the boardroom of the institution yesterday, the members present being Messrs. Service (chair- man), Benjamin, Ferguson, Munro, Ellery, and Young. Mr. S. Elliott reported that the amount of subscriptions collected during the past year was £991 13s. 1d., which had been received from 518 subscribers. He also estimated that the subscriptions in this year would amount to £1,500. The secretary reported that 64 patients remained in the hospital at the previous weekly meeting ; 15 had been admitted during the past week, and 8 discharged, making in the institution at date 71. The number of outpatients treated during the week had been 130, and of casualties 34\. A draft report for presentation to the subscribers at the approaching annual meeting was drawn up and approved of. At the meeting of Melbourne J.P.'s, hold at the City Court yesterday, Mr. T. M'Pherson, the late mayor, was re-elected as one of the justices of the peace to form, with the stipendiary magistrate, Mr. Sturt, a licensing bench under the new liquor act, and Mr, Richard Shann, accountant of the Bank of Victoria, was chosen as the other. A solicitor, known by the name of Whiting, who frequents the District Court, yesterday rendered himself so obnoxious that the Bench ordered him out of court. He was intoxi- cated, and continually made remarks upon the proceedings in Court, and at last threw a pen, which struck Mr. F. Stephen on the nose. Mr. Call, P.M., said that something must be done with the man, as he was con- tinually tipsy, and in the meantime ordered him out of court. Whiting objected to one of the lawyers describing him as "this per- son," and wanted to argue the point, but was quickly induced to quit the court. An idea of the difficulty experienced by sea captains in dealing with Chinese hands might have been obtained in the District Court yesterday, from a case in which Captain Godfrey Clement Hill, master and owner of the brig Belle, was summoned for wages. The plaintiffs were Ah Hung, Ah Lock, and Ah Yow, a cook and two assistants, who sued for £27, £10, and £15 respectively, or £52 in all. The case occupied a long time, and appeared very complicated at first sight, but after Captain Hill had been examined, the general features of the case became clear. It appeared that the custom was for a cook to be engaged in China on board trading vessels at a certain salary per mouth, and that this cook then engaged one or two countrymen, or sometimes a boy, to assist him, and he paid these assistants out of his own salary. As, however, the captain was compelled, under pain of heavy penalties, to have all his men on the articles, these assistants were entered on the ship's papers as engaged at a nominal payment of 1s. per month, in order that they might be under the control of the skipper. Their real wages wore paid by the first engaged cook. Before this was explained, when it was stated that only 1s. a month was due to two of the men, the "cheap Chinese labour" question was thought to be involved. In the present instance, Captain Hill engaged Ah Hung in Amoy, at 35dol. a month, and Ah Hung got Ah Lock and a boy named Ah Cow to assist him, on the agreement that he was to pay them out of his 35dol. a month. At New York Ah Cow left, and Ah Yow took his place on the same terms for the voyage to Melbourne. An attempt was made to show that some other man had been engaged on those terms, but had afterwards disappeared, and that Ah Yow had been taken on then in his place, on a verbal agreement with the captain for so many dollars a month, but that the captain now wanted to escape this verbal agreement ; and it was further attempted to be shown that the articles had been tampered with, and Ah Yow's name written over another's which had been erased. There was no evidence, however, except that of the complainant in support of this, and the supposed mark of erasure might have been due to any imperfection in the parchment. The captain produced the ship- ping officer's receipts and other documents, some signed by the plaintiffs, showing that the 35dol. a month had been paid either to Ah Hung or to the others, at his request, except a balance of £7 19s. 5d., which was admitted to be due to Ah Hung, who had refused to accept it. The others had no claim on the captain, except for the 1s. a month mentioned in the articles, though they sued for 20dol. a month. Mr. Call, P.M., made an order for £8 to be paid to Ah Hung without costs, and said he could divide that with the other two, as he had engaged them. The other two cases were dismissed, with £2 2s. costs against each of the two Chinamen. The Mongolians spoke English tolerably, but not exactly as our Chinamen do. They called the months "moons," and made great use of the words "belong" and "piecey" (piece), which were arbitrarily introduced between every few words. Captain Hill got along capitally with them, but the lawyers could not accommodate themselves to circumstances, and frequently puzzled the Celestials with such words as "authorised," "application," &c.; An accident that might have been fatal, but for the pluck of a lad named Foote, hap- pened to a young man at the St. Kilda baths on Monday evening. He went into the water beyond his depth, and not being able to swim, he soon went down twice, when Foote sprang in, and just caught hold of him as he was sink- ing the third time, and with some difficulty managed to bring him safe to the steps. A correspondent furnishes the following rather sensational account of a fire in an omnibus :—" On Monday evening, between 5 and 6 o'clock, I took my seat in one of the company's omnibuses at the Hobson's Bay railway station. On my way to Collingwood, six ladies got in, and when opposite the Model School, suddenly I saw a flame, fully 2ft. high, issuing from the dress of a lady sitting opposite to me, which I instantly rolled together in my hands and extinguished. Turning my head, I saw the lady sitting alongside on fire also, when I repeated what I had done before, by which no doubt a most lamentable occurrence was prevented, as the dresses were of the lightest material. In another minute we would have been enveloped in flames, by which life might have been sacrificed. I carefully examined the floor of the omnibus to ascertain the cause, and found a half-burnt lucifer match, which no doubt the foot moving on had caused to ignite. I think the public should know of the circumstance, especially those who carry such combustible materials, that they may in future be more careful, and not drop them in public places or conveyances." An elderly man, whose name was sup- posed to be Davis, was seen yesterday afternoon taking a rug belonging to Mr. Moss, furrier in West Melbourne, and Mr. Moss, taking away the rug with one hand, pushed him down with the other. The man fell, and sustained a severe scalp wound, and Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., had him conveyed to the hospital, as the man was insensible, and he continued in that state up to a late hour last night. Thomas Condon, aged 22, a harvest hand, working at M'Lean's station, fell upon his scythe on Tuesday, and received so severe a wound on the right leg that he had to be conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. In future dead bodies found in the city will be placed in the new morgue, where the inquests will be held, as the building has been at last temporarily fitted up. The morgue is the stone structure at the south- east corner of Flinders and Swanston streets, opposite the fish market. The front portion of the edifice is used as the deputy registrar's office. "Some extraordinary disclosures," writes our Ballarat correspondent last evening, "have been made to-day relative to the con- duct of Mr. Levey, which, while they may not be singular for an insane person, show, at any rate, what form that disease took just before he lost his reason, and in one case especially it seems as if there had been a preconcerted scheme on the part of others, either to throw Mr. Levey or his buyers overboard. It is well known that on Saturday morning Mr. Levey had an interview with his banker, and the latter failed to detect any change in his manner ; he afterwards had interviews with other gentlemen, and they all thought him rational enough. In the case of Mr. W. Nixon, that gentleman, having received orders from Mr. Levey that morning to buy a large number of Haddon shares, catechised him very freely as to his position and his backers, and felt so satisfied that he at once telegraphed to Melbourne to get the shares, Mr. Levey buying here himself from all who would sell. Mr. Nixon got due inti- mation of his orders being executed, and re- ceived the scrip this morning, with a bank draft attached. On making inquiries he discovered that the shares sent up to him by his Melbourne buyer were the very same shares that Mr. Levey had purchased on Saturday from three brokers at the Corner, and he im- mediately telegraphed to his Melbourne friend not to pay for these shares till he saw him, and had the matter investigated. He goes down to-night to inquire into it. Another broker at the Corner, who had sold Mr. Levey a parcel of Great Gulf shares on time, the same not being expired yet, was met by that gentleman and advised to tender his scrip and get his money, as the latter might be made ueeful by him in the meantime. To this the broker assented, gave Mr. Levey his shares, and took bis cheque, to find it dishonoured on Monday morning. Within an hour previous to this transaction Mr. Levey knew that a cheque of his bad been dishonoured, and must have known that that he then gave would be treated in the same way. Another case was that in which he bought a large parcel of Reform shares, stating he wanted to take them to town with him, and that he supposed a cheque would do as well on Monday as then. He got the shares, but what has become of them has not transpired yet. The general impres- sion here to-day is that he has found himself deceived by some of his backers, and that he has been driven to desperation, not to do a wilfully dishonest act perhaps, but to do in his slate of mind what he might have shrunk from in calmer moments. The seizure of his books and papers is now viewed with more suspicion than before, and it is not impro- bable that on application will be made to the Court to have them placed in legal cus- tody. " The captain and officers of the Nymphe visited Sandhurst yesterday by invitation of the Bendigo Deutscher Verein. They were received at the railway station by some of the principal members of the Verein, and after a visit to the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute mine, to Koch's Pioneer crushing works, and some other mines in the district, they were conducted to Kraemer's Sydenham- gardens, where they were very hospitably entertained. They returned to Melbourne by the last train. A correspondent, writing from Sunbury, sends us the following :—"During the heavy thunderstorm which occurred yesterday morning, at about half-past 12, the electric fluid entered the Telegraph-office, Sunbury, and destroyed the wires, and the gutta- percha coverings in which they were en- cased were set on fire, and but for the presence of mind and promptitude in action of Mr. William Fitzpatrick, the opera- tor, the total destruction of the station, the stationmasters apartments and the refresh- ment-rooms attached, must inevitably have taken place. Mr. Fitzpatrick, who was sleep- ing in the office, was thrown out of bed by the shock, and the bedstead (iron) was turned right over. Seeing the office enveloped in flames, he at once used his blankets, and in a short time extinguished the fire. As it fortunately happened, very little damage was sustained." The Ballarat Evening Post gives currency to the following highly improbable statement: —"It is stated on good authority that Mr. C. E. Jones will be appointed traffic superin- tendent of Victorian Railways." The adjourned meeting of the shareholders in the Melbourne Masonic-hall Company was held last night, at the Freemasons'-hall, Lonsdale-street ; Mr. A. K. Smith occupied the chair. The business before the meeting was the election of two directors from the following candidates : — Messrs. Andrew Newell, A. T. Porter, A. Purchas, and E. R. Whitby. Messrs. Kendall and Walworth were appointed scrutineers. The ballot was kept open for an hour, resulting in the election of Messrs. Porter and Whitby. A second sale of goods recovered from the wreck of the Sussex was held at Geelong yes- terday. There were between 200 and 300 persons present, including a number from Melbourne and Ballarat, and the whole of the merchandise was disposod of at very excellent prices. The sale realised nearly £1,500. Nimblefoot has been scratched for his engagements at the forthcoming Geelong races. The Guildford correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes that diphtheria has again broken out in the district. One entire family have been smitten, every available remedy tried, and English, and even Chinese, doctors called into effect a recovery. The Ararat Advertiser says—"An interest- ing, though melancholy event, occurred in connexion with the wreck of the Underley, which was reported in our telegraphic intel- ligence some time since as occurring off the Isle of Wight. On board that vessel were two valuable terriers, the property of Mr. Clegg, of this town, and shipped for transmission to Victoria. It will bo remembered that the only person of those on board who was lost was a steward. To this steward, we learn, had been entrusted the dogs mentioned with a special charge that, as they were considered valuable, he would see them safely to the colony. When all had got away from the wreck and safely landed, this unfortunate, though eminently trust- worthy man, remembered that he had left his charges on board, and, despite the endeavours of the numerous bystanders, he persisted in returning for them. He succeeded in getting them off the wreck, but before he reached the shore a wave carried both man and dogs away, and though every attempt was made to rescue him, it proved unavailing." " A peculiarly sad accident," reports the Ararat Advertiser, "occurred on Monday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, during the con- tinuance of the thunderstorm which passed over Ararat. Two of the grandchildren of Mr. Wellington Thompson, named respectively Charles and Edward Robert Bryant—who have been living with him at his homestead, beyond the new cemetery—were playing just outside the door of the house, when the lightning struck them both to the ground. On picking up Charles, who was four years of age, he was found to be quite dead ; but his brother, aged six years, was only stunned. At a quarter-past 4, Dr. Law was called in, and examined the unfortunate little fellows. He found that the electric fluid had struck Charles on the head, singeing all the hair off the left side, and marking that side of the face and the whole of the mouth. There was also a slight mark on the boy's ribs, and a burnt place on the abdomen, about three inches in diameter. The fluid appeared to have passed to the inner side of the left and the outer side of the right ankle, and the clothes were all torn to pieces. The other boy, Edward, though stunned by the shock, and remaining insensible for some time, ultimately recovered his senses, and though in a precarious state, hopes are entertained of his recovery. The only mark upon him is a cut under his chin, evidently caused by the fall, so that it is thought the electric fluid did not touch him." "The cause of some vessels foundering has, " says the South Australian Register, " often been a matter of conjecture, but a singular circumstance which occurred during the passage of the Planter, from Newcastle, serves to illustrate how a craft may be unaccount- ably lost. After the barque had been a few days at sea it was found that she had sprung a leak, and seeing that no very heavy wea- ther had been experienced, it was con- sidered strange that, as hour after hour passed, it was necessary to have re- course to pumps. On the third day a seaman in the forecastle distinctly heard the water trickling in a rill from some position near his berth. The carpenter at once went to work, and succeeded in so far removing the ceiling or inner skin of the vessel as to discover that a rat's hole was the caused of the leak. The rat had been ob- structed by heavy timber, and instead of eating through it, the animal chose a portion for its hole in a line with a seam between two planks. Here the rat had so far thinned the wood that the oakum had given way in- wards. Hence the leakage, which was par- tially stopped, but on his arrival the master was induced to charter a steamer, in order to immediately proceed into harbour." On the subject of Leichardt's remains, the South Australian Register of January 13, says : —" It seems probable that the steamer Omeo will be brought into requisition to forward what is generally regarded as the hopeless search for the remains of the explorer Leichardt. A New South Wales paper states that the Sydney Government, after much time spent in reflection, and in endeavouring to test the accuracy of certain statements made public some months ago, has resolved upon so far assuming their correctness as to liberate their author—a convict named Andrew Hume —from further confinement, and to give him every facility for proving their absolute truth. Embarking in the Omeo at Newcastle, he is to proceed to Port Darwin, and thence set out upon his course of discovery." The story of Andrew Hume was published in our columns some months ago. It is now stated by the Newcastle Chronicle, the New South Wales paper referred to, that "the remaining portion of his term of imprisonment has been remitted by the Government, and he has been provided by the authorities with the means of obtaining everything for the journey he is shortly to take in search of the relics and the sole survivor of the ex- ploring party, whom he says he met some six or seven years ago in their vicinity. He is now in Newcastle awaiting the arrival of the Omeo, by which vessel he is to have his passage provided to Port Darwin, his starting-point. Thence he will travel on horseback a distance, computed by himself, at something like 1,200 miles to the cave in which, according to his account, the relics, consisting of sundry documents, &c.;, are de- posited. He takes with him a spare horse, on which to bring in the survivor—an old man now, who would have come in before, but for the impossibility of performing the journey on foot, sometimes from 50 to 100 miles having to be passed over before a drop of water can be obtained. His outfit will con- tain, amongst other things, arms, fishing lines, tomahawks, spears, and boome- rangs, as he intends to subsist in native fashion on his route. Fish, he says, are large, plentiful, and good eating, game is abundant, wild yams are to be met with, and are well tasted and nourishing. One species of these esculent roots, called by the natives nagounah—which has a long tap root, and is as thick as a man's wrist—when wrapped up in grass and roasted in ashes he describes as equalling the finest potato. Water yams are also to be found growing in the sandy banks of the watercourses ; those weigh 8lb. to 16lb., and much resemble the half- ripe water melon, and on these he will, to a great extent, have to depend for thirst quenching ; to these the natives give the name of nargheen. Under these circum- stances, Hume should travel light, and being thoroughly conversant with the language, habits, and customs of the natives, should experience but little difficulty in reaching his destination." "The panic terror which fell upon the horses of the Life Guards at Aldershot, is not," says the Spectator, "the only recent example of this startling phenomenon. During the recent sham campaign near St. Petersburg the Empress's Cuirassiers, 900 strong, reached their halting-place ; the horses were un- saddled and held by the head, or left alone—so great is the faith in their docility pending the arrival of the picket ropes. Suddenly one squadron, frightened by a row in an adjacent camp, broke loose, and in a twinkling the whole 900 followed. They selected 'one large powerful horse as their leader, and with a look at him and a snort at him which they meant and he understood as après vous,' dashed off in a solid column. Coming on a river, crossed by a bridge held by a cavalry picket, the leader turned aside, and the whole 900 swam the stream. And here a pretty incident occurred illustrative of discipline and the use of quick- ness of mind in war. The officer commanding the picket ordered his bugler to sound the appel, a call used when the horses are fed. Instantly the old horses listened, turned, and trotted up in obedience to the call. The young ones were not stopped until they were blown with what Mr. Money asserts was a run of 100 (!) miles, — at the end of which, however, they would all have been dead. The lesson is, that horses fresh from stables and not broken in to hard work need more watchful care at starting on a campaign ; while the use that may be made of the bugle calls is as obvious as it is pleasing." The Spectator of October 28 writes:—"M. Jules Simon, Minister of Public Instruction, on Wednesday delivered before the Academy a tremendous philippic against the deteriora- tion of morals under the Second Empire, to which he traced the overthrow of France. After describing truly and eloquently the intellectual vigour of France from 1815 to 1848, he proceeded to say : — ' We have replaced glory by money, labour by stock-jobbing, fidelity and honour by scep- ticisms, the conflicts of parties and doctrines by tho competition of interests, the school by clubs, Mehul and Lesueur by ballad-singing. To condone or to glorify evil living, to treat loose women as queens, to dazzle our eyes with their luxury, to fill our ears with their orgies, our minds with their mad- ness, our hearts with their vain passions; to aid in their manoeuvres as public robbers, to believo in nothing but success, to care for nothing but pleasure,' this has been our course—and therefore came Sedan. We doubt the possibility of buying virtue by promises of victory, and at all events it is always well to stick to the truth. There never was a lower condition of public morals in France, more shameless stealing, or more devoted court paid to loose women than from 1790 to 1815, while France was conquering the world. There never was a wickeder court than that of Frederic the Great, and it was at our own worst time, under the Regency, that we won Waterloo. Dissoluteness and defeat are no more allied than virtue and victory, else had the Jews beaten the Romans of Vespasian, and the only effect of such assertions is to lower the entire motive of life. There are stronger motives for honesty than the cash which copybooks suppose it to bring." The Spectator of October 21 says:—"The Earl of Derby presided on Wednesday at the opening of a new building added to the Manchester Grammar School, and made a most able speech on the relation of education to 'getting on' in the world. He believed that the amount of aid given to clever lads through exhibitions, bursaries, and so on to perfect their education would soon be so great that educated ability would become a cheap article in the market. The young men must face that, and not despise all, but intel- lectual labour, or think that the world must, because they are educated, find them conge- nial employment. They must learn, as some foreign countries have learned, to make high culture compatible with very moderate means, and refinement exist without luxury. All this precisely corresponds with Mr. Forster's and Dr. Temple's idea, that the great effort should be to raise a whole class, not merely indivi- duals out of their class." "An old inhabitant of Burrawang was returning home from Sutton Forest on New Year's Day by way of Moss Vale," states a correspondent of the Goulburn Herald. "He was riding one horse and leading another and after passing the railway station, and when near Thorsby park House, he fell off the horse and was killed on the spot. The man's name was William M'Night ; he has left a widow and one son, who are amply provided for. The deceased was well known in the districts of Liverpool and Gerringong, where be was respected as an honest, upright man. I should not forget to mention that, after the man fell off, and while his life's blood was still flowing from his wounds, His Excellency the Governor (Lord Belmore) chanced to pass in his carriage on his way to the railway station en route to Sydney, and he pulled up and ordered his men to take the bleeding body of the man into his carriage, and brought it back to the hotel at the railway station." An advertisement elsewhere intimates that a social meeting of the Liedertafel will be held this evening. The parishioners of St. George's Church, Queenscliff, have recently elected a vestry under the new Church Act. The gentlemen chosen are—Messrs. Fellows, Henley, and Kennedy, churchwardens ; and Messrs. E. B. Wight, Jordan, Streeton, and Dr. Wil- liams, vestrymen. The balance-sheet, which was duly audited and adopted, showed a sum of £357 11s, received from all sources, and the same amount expended, leaving a deficit of £12 19s. 10d. still due to the incumbent. Tho vestry held its first meeting last week, and it was agreed to raise the sittings and to make a special appeal for funds to liquidate the deficiency and to defray the necessary expenses of the current year. A meeting of subscribers to the fund raised in Geelong for the benefit of the survivors of two men named Shugg and Thorogood, who were drowned during a squall in Corio Bay a short time since, was held at Geelong on Monday, Councillor Veitch in the chair. The major, as hon. treasurer, stated that the net sum of £112 2s. 10d. had been collected. Trustees were elected to dispense the fund, and it was decided that one-third should be given to Mrs. Thorogood, £7 to be paid at once, and the balance at £1 per month, and two-thirds to Mrs. Shugg, £10 to be paid at once, and the balance in monthly instruments of £2, the trustees having discretionary power in the matter. 