LATE INVENTIONS.^, ':; , An instrument has boon invented iwhich will bo vtry tisoful in surgery, eBpocially in cases when it is desirod to know whethor a bullot has lodged in a wound or not. It may bo dosoribed as a galvanic probo j the oporator passes it into' the wound, watching, all tho while, tho noodle of a Bmall galvanomotor which is attached to the instrument, and. no sooner does, the end of the probo touch tho bullot, than a movement of the noodlo indicates the fact. This, it will be soon, is % means towards the alleviation of suffering ; for cures aro often retarded, by uncertainty as to. whether a bullet is actually in the wound or not. Some of our readers .will perhaps romembor a momorablo .instanco :' - whon ' Garibaldi was wounded, an eminent English surgeon, travel led to Italy and declared thorp was no bullet in tho wound, from which a bullet was afterwards extracted by tho famous Nolaton — aFronchman. A recommendation df this new galvanic probo is, that it is so small and light as to bo oasily carried in .tho pocket. % Among mochanical novoltios recently brought but in America is a ' gunpowder pile-driver,' which drives in piles more rapidly than any other method, arid does not require any hoop or protection round the top_ of tho pile. A notion of the contrivance and its operation may per haps bo gathered from a brief description. Tall hoisting timbers, as usual in pilo-drivors, aro fitted up ; the pile is sot in placo by a stoam ongino ; a gun weighing one thousand eight hundred pounds with a six inch bore is lowered, and. made to rest on tho top of. tho pile. Tho muzzle points upwards, and the bree'ch being dished or recossod, covers the top of tho pile as a cap. Above the gun is suspended tho ram, with a piston projecting downwards that fits the bore of tho gun. . All being ready, a cartridge is dropped into the gun ; tho ram is released and descends, the piston plunges into the gun, com pressing tho air, and fires tho cartridge. A tre mendous explosion . follows ; up' flies tlio ram, and is caught in the break, and with the rocoii of tho gun down goes the pile. This must cer tainly bo regarded as a vory clevor way _ of utilising the force of fired gunpowder. Tried for tho first time, and by inexperiencod hands, in constructing a pier near Philadelphia, it drove piles 10 inches iii diamotor, to a depth of nearly 20 feet with tivo blows, and with- an ex ponditure of 8 ounces of gunpowder for each pile. . ? An alteration in a stean engine which saves fuel and improves tho vacuum could hardly fail to bo acceptable. It occurred to Mr. R. Edge, of Dean Mills, near Bolton, that if ho connected each end of his horizontal air-pump with the upper part of his condenser, by a pipe fitted with a valve, tho pump would, while working, draw air from the condenser above tho surface of tho water. Ho tried, and succeoded. By improving the vacuum, the consumption of coal is dimin ished, and the saving in this particular is said to be beyond expectation ; and wo are not surprised to hear that many engines in Lancashire have been fitted with tho additional pipo, as above described. . It may bo applied also to vertical' air-pump3, but not with so large an amount of economy in the result. Wo have tho more pleasuro in making this discovery known, as tho inventor, instead of taking out a patent, has presented it freely. to the public. A Prolific Family. — A consideration of the ?family circumstances of Mrs. Poppin, of Win coski, Vcrmount, assists us to comprehend the marvellous fact tliat while tho population of tho Uuited States at tho timo of the Declaration of Independence1 was- a triflo over two millions and a half, tho nation at the present time, Within four years of its . century numbers upwards of thiriy- eight millions. Mrs. Peppin nee Albert, was born on tho 10th October, 1773, in -the French village of Contrecolour, on the St. Law rence. At the ago of seventeen she marriod Francois Poppin, who was three years oldor than herself. The result of the union was a family of ' twenty-three children, all of whom lived to know and bless their father, who died at tho age of eighty-three, surrounded by as many of his children as could convoniontly ob tain admittance to his bed-chamber. The Peppins junior getting married in due course, added to the original stock ninety-nine Peppins, and theso in their turn, as thoy havo grown up to tho marriageable age, have mado themselves ?responsible for ninety-eight more, making, a grand total of 220 persons who own the matern ity of Mrs. Peppin nee Albert. How many more there might havo been had Francois the first-born, followed in his parents' footsteps, it is impossiblo - to say. But Francois, probably growing alarmed at the proportions the family was assuming, appoars to . have resolutoly es chewed matrimony, and is now, at the age of sevonty-nine, living a bachelor in Essex county, Vermount. The original Mrs. Peppin, who is within her ninety ninth year, is said to be strong and healthy, and hopes to see her hundredth year and an infant of tho fifth gene ration. Sho is said to havo a perfect recol lection of the names of hor children and grand children, but is less at home among tho nomen clature of hor ninety-eight children — whoroinsho is not greatly to blame, for tho line must be drawn somo\yhero, and it appoars to bo reached after tho christoning of the first dozen or so of great grandchildren. — ' Pall Mall Gazotto.' A Deofjtion. — You- may remembor that I lectured lately for tho young gontlomen of the Claytonian Society. During tho afternoon of that day I was talking with ono of tho young gentleman referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some causo or anothor, seemed to havo grown permanently bereft of all omotion. And witli tears in his eyes this young man said : ' Oh ! if I could only see him laugh onco more ! Oh ! if I could only soo him weep.' I was touched. I could never withstand distross. I said : ' Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him for you.' ' Oh if -you could but do it. If you could but do -it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for ho is very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? Can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs V I was profoundly moved. I said : ' My^son, bring tho old party round. I havo got soiiio jokes in my lecture that will mako him laugh if thore is any laugh in him, and if they miss firo I havo got somo othors that'll make him cry or kill him, one or tho othor.' Then tho young man wept upon my-nock, and presently spread both hands on my . head, and looked up toward hoavon, mumbling something roverently, and then he wont after his uucle. Ho placed him iu full view in tho second row of benches, that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ! I dosed him witli bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I firod old stale jokes into him, and peppered him foro and aft with red-hot new ones. I warmed up to my work and assaulted him on tho right and loft, in front and bohind ; I fumed and chnrgod and shouted till I was hoarso and sick, and frantic and furious— but I novor moved him onco : I never started a smile or a toar. Never a ghost of a smile, and novor a suspicion of moisture ! I was astounded. I closod tho locture at last with ono despairing shriek— with one wild burst of humour — and hurled a joko of supernatural atro city full at him. It novor phased him ! Then I sat down 'bowilderod and exhausted. The presi dent of tho society came up and bathed my head with cold(woter, and said : ''What mado you carry on so towards tholast ?' I said, ' I was trying to mako that confounded old idiot laugh in tho second row.' And ho said, 'Well,1 you ,woro wasting your timo, bocauso ho is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger.' Now, was that any way for that old minis nephew to impose on a stranger, anil orphan likome I—Mark Twain. 