To the Editor of the Hat Standard. Sib,— In consequence of a curious sixpenny sub scription list with fifty sixpenny names attached thereto, having on Thursday last been pushed into my hands for another signature and a tanner. In response I immediately thrust my hand into my j Docket and brought forth a half crown, which was i ir-,i;-rr- antlv ™-fnsed bv the collector, who stated that shillings and half crowns had been offering in all directions, but the heading of the list prevented him from taking more than sixpence, and not knowing why such liberality should exist towards an indivi dual, when our public insiitutions are going begging. I would ask if you or any of your readers would in form me if it was because the decision of the bench was considered too severe on the defendant, as the abuse, &c.;, used by plaintiff and defendant were con sidered about equal, and both should have been fined or the case dismissed, or was it because one is sup posed to be a genuine Black and Tan and tbe other a 'rebel, or because it was whispered the P.M. said to defendant ' you had better plead guilty, or we can soon find you so.' Rather a curious threat for a magistrate to make use of from the bench, whose business should be to hear, examine, and then decide and pass sentence, not to pronounce judgment and then afterwards hear the case. JEDBURGH JUSTICE. The Pleasant Creek Chronicle reports that the lambing throughout the Wimmera is reckoned about 80 per cent., or 15 per cent less than last year. Ewes and lambs are reported as looking well, the recent rains having given a plentiful supply of grass. The Ballarat Star says : — ' There is a good story going about town to the effect that those royal beasts, the lion and his spouse, at the Menagerie, were under a bill of sale. The creditor foreclosed, and was told to take his security, but leave the cage intact, as that was the property of the debtor. The creditor did not take the lions.' A proposal- to borrow £.10,000 has been made in the Maldon Shire Council. A meeting of the rate payers of Walmer and Muckleford has been heid, when the following resolution was passed — ' That in the opinion of this meeting, seeing tlie depressed state of the mining, agricultural, and laboring popu lation of the district, it would be extremely inadvis able on tbe part of tbe Maldon shire council to bor row £10,000, or any other sum of money, to expend on public .works which are not reproductive, as such expenditure would have to be met by additional taxes in the form of extra rates, thus increasing bur dens which already press heavily on the industrious part- of the community.' The Hamilton Spectator writes as follows respect ing the movements of birds in that district : — ' We do not profess to be very learned in foretelling eveuts from the flight of birds, but the behaviour of the parrots just now seem to indicate something or other which perhaps naturalists may be able to divine. For many weeks past, immense swarms of those birds have been travelling northwards, and it is scarcely possible to look upwards at any moment without seeing flocks of them in full flight. Latterly there are almost as many parrots coming back again, di recting their course in a southerly direction, but whether they have found their wiuter feeding grounds in an unsatisfactory condition, or have turned back before reaching them, of course we can not say. The birds are very strong on the wing, aud it seems to make no difference to their progress even if the rain is descending in torrents, with a strong head wind against them. Where so many myriads of parrots can come from is not the least part of the mystery. As for the hawks which a few months ago came down upon the district in such overwhelming numbers, they have now departed in search of fresh fields and pastures new.'' The Tichborne Case. — The Adelaide Observer says: — A South Australian digger, who worked for many years in Victoria, informs us that he is per fectly certain that the claimant, whoever he may be, is not Orton, for he frequently met and has repeatedly spoken to both Thomas Castro and Arthur Orton, who were entirely distinct persons. The Age corres pondent says : — A story almost incredible, was cur rent in Birmingham on 22nd April. A respectable tradesman, resident in Birmingham, has received a letter from a friend living at Poole, in Dorset, in which the writer states that there is a young woman who has for some years boarded with a farmer named \ Burdge, of Stanley. Green, iu Poole, over whose an tecedents there hangs a cloud of mystery. The stovy goes that a sealed packet or casuet was aeposneu in the hands of her custodier, which was not to be opened until she came of age. The young lady's majority was attained the other day, and the mysteri ous packet was opened, when the secret it contained was divulged, to the astonishment of the young womau and her guardians, who were informed by a paper contained in the packet that her father was Sir Roger C. D. Tichborne, Bart. Her mother's name was also given. The revelations contained iu the packet are said to support the claimant's case, and his friends in Birmingham are making the most of the story in canvassing for defence funds. Death of the Oldest Freemason in England. — Mr Matthew Greathead, of Richmond, died on Janu ary 7- He was in the 102nd year of his age, and was bora at High Coniscliffe, near Darlington, on April 23, 1770. He entered the Lennox Lodge, No. 123, of Freemasons in the year 1797, and was a member of the lodge seventy-five years. At the annual ap pointment of officers for the lodge he was appointed Inner Guard. Mr Greathead before his death had the honour to be the oldest Freemason in England, and was supposed to be the oldest in the world. Amongst reviews of books we find one of Mr. R. Dale Owen's recent work, ' The Debateable Land | between this world and the next,'5 J review written by Mr. Alfred Russell Wallace, the eminent author of the ' Malay Archipelago,' Mr. Wallace boldly avows his belief in spiritu alism, and of course affirms the truth J of Mr. Owen's views. He quotes from Mr. Owen's book in outline the following remarkable story : — i: Hons. Leon Bach purchased at an : old curiosity shop in Faris, a very j ancient but beautiful spinet, as a present to his father, who is a great grandson of the Bach, and is a composer and musical amateur. The next night the elder Bach dreamt that he saw a handsome young man, dressed in old court costume* and who told him that the spinet had been given to him by his master King- Henry. He then said lie would play on it an air, with words composed by the King, in memory of a lady he had greatly loved; lie did so, and M. Bach woke in tears, touched by the pathos of the song. He went to sleep again ; and on waking in the morning was amazed to find on his bed a sheet of paper on which were written, in very old characters, both words and music of the song he. had heard in his dream. It was said to be by Henry III, and the date inscribed on the spinet was a few years earlier. M. Bach completely puzzled, showed the music to his friends, and among them were some spiritualists, from whom he heard, for the first time their interpretation of the phenomena. Now comes the most wonderful part of the history. M. Bach became himself a writing medium; and through his hand was written, involuntarily, a statement that inside the spinet, in a secret niche near the keyboard was a parchment nailed to the case, containing the lines written by King Henry when he gave the instrument to his musician. The four line stanza, whicli it was said would be found on the parchment, was also given, and was followed by the signature — ' Baldazzarini.' Father and son then set to work to search for this hidden scroll ; and after two hours close examination found in a narrow slit, a piece of old parchment about eleven inches by three, containing in very old writ ing, nearly the same words which M. Bach had written and signed ' Henry. ' This parchment was taken to the Bibliotheque Imperiale, and submitted to experienced antiquarians, and was pronounced to be an undoubtedly genuine auto graph of Henry III.' i\ow it so happens that there was a musi cian of the name of Baltasarini at the court of Henry III., who was in great favour with the king, and, furthermore, it is known that Henrv J %/ was much attached to Marie de Cleves, who afterwards became the wife of the Prince of Conde, while several of the allusions in the verses correspond to what is known of her history. With the management and chief characteristics of the Great Western Cooking Depot every citizen of Glasgow must be familiar. The cooking establishment is situated in Pitt-street, from whence enormous supplies of victuals are sent out every morning to all parts of the city. Including Glasgow and its suburbs there are now twenty-eight branches of the Cooking Depot in operation. Most of them are in the immediate vicinity of public works, and are largely taken advantage of by the workmen, who, in the great majority of cases, reside at a con siderable distance from the works, and could only go home to dinner at great personal inconvenience. The same tariff of charges prevails at every one of the branches, and all of them are supplied direct from the Central Denot. The business of the institution has become so gigantic that applications to establish other branches in different parts of the city have had to be refused. The principal branches are in Jamaica-street and Mitchell-lane, j These two buildings were built by 1 Mr Corbett himself; but the branches at the Dublic works have mostlv 1 mi been built by the employers, who rent it to the manager of the Cook ing Depot for a nominal sum. At the Mitchell-lane branch from 1400 to 1600 people dine daily. The Jamaica-street branch dines an al most equally large number. The milk of 140 cows, obtained from four of the largest dairies in Scot land, is consumed at the various branches every day; and the con sumption of cookies and rolls averages 20,000 per diem. Some idea of the quantity of porridge j consumed may be gathered from the fact that the cost of oatmeal is from i £90 to £100 daily; and of eggs, butter, butcher's meat, and veget ables, the consumption is almost fabulous. The average number of visitors to the depot at its various branches since the month of August last has been 10,000 to 12,000. The daily attendance at the present time is greater than it has ever been be fore. The attendance is not con fined to working men, so called. Clerks, shopkeepers, and strangers to the city patronise the depot most liberally. And well they may, for when eggs are selling elsewhere at Is 4d they can be had in the Great Western for a penny each, and j other provisions are sold in the I same proportion. This result is only possible by balancing one period of the year with another, so that when provisions are much cheaper the difference will be made up. ' John, can you tell me the differ ence between attraction of gravita tion and attraction of cohesion ?' | ' Yes, Sir,' said John. ' Attraction i of gravitation pulls a drunken man to the ground, and the attraction of cohesion prevents him from getting up again.' Love, the toothache, a cough and tight boots are things which cannot long be kepi secret, j ' Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs Partington ?' was asked of the ola lady somewhat timidly- 1 ^ ° sure I do,' replied she, ' as much as I believe that that bright fulminary there will rise in the yeast tomor row morning if we live and nothing happens. Two apprehensions have sartainly appeared in our family. Why, I saw my dear Paul a fortnight before he died jest as plain as I see you now, and it turned afterwards to be a rose bush with a nightcap on it ; and I shall always think, to the day of my desolation, that it was a forerunner sent to me. T'other one came in the night when we were asleep, and carried away three can dles and a pint of spirits that we kept in the house for embarkation. Believe in ghosts, indeed ? I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful styptic as does'nt.' A«r Old Woman's Cure. — Mara- quita Orfile, an elderly lady residing at Bolivar, in South America, has, according to Her Britannic Ma jesty's Consul there discovered a specific for yellow fever and black i vomit, which has proved effective in cases that were given up as hopeless by the faculty. This remedy is the juice of the leaves of the female ver vain plant, obtained by bruising, and administered in small doses, also as enemata, every two hours until the disease takes a favourable turn. All the medical men of Boli var have adopted this remedy, and the result is that few people now die of the terrible diseases which pre viously were so fatal. Honor Your Business. — It is a good sign when a man is jaroud of his work or calling. Yet nothing is more common than to hear men finding fault constantly with their particular business, and deeming themselves unfortunate because fas tened to it by the necessity of gain ing a livelihood. In this men fret, and laboriously destroy all their comfort in the work ; or they change their business and go on miserably, shifting from one thing to another, till the grave or the poorhouse gives them a fast grip. But while occa sionally a man fails in life because he is not in tlie place fitted for his peculiar talent, it happens ten times o'ftener that failure results from neg lect and even contempt of an honest business. A man should put his heart into everything that he does. There is no profession that has not its peculiar cares and vexations. No man will escape annoyance by changing his business. No me chanical business is altogether agree able. Commerce, in its endless varieties, is affected, like all other pursuits, with trials, unwelcome duties, and spirit-tiring necessities. It is the very wantonness of folly for a man to search out the frets and burdens of his calling, and give his mind every day to a consideration of them. They belong to human life. They are inevitable. Brood ing over them only gives them strength. On the other hand, a man has power given to him to shed beauty and pleasure on the home liest toil, if he is wise. Let a man adopt his business and identify it with pleasant associations ; for Hea ven has given us imagination, not only to make us poets, but to enable all men to beautify homely things, i Heart- varnish will cover up innu I merable evils and defects. Look at ! the good things. Accept your lot as a man does a piece of rugged ground, and begin to get out the roots and rocks, to deepen and mel J low the soil to enrich and plant it. i There is something in the most for I bidding avocation around which a man may twine pleasant fancies, out of which he may develope an honest pride. A Washington editor is mad be cause a compositor headed his editorial 1 The Champagne Opened,' when he wrote 1 The Campaign Opened.' He says that printer is alwavs thinking about something; to drink. Never wait for a thing to turn np. Go and turn it up yourself. It taKes less time, and is surer done. 