Vt)t francs adorning Herald. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1872. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers stated, in answer to questions 14. That the widow of the late Sergeant Sutherland, who was wounded by bushrangers while in the execution of his duty, was paid a gratuity of £141, in the month of August last. 2. That tenders for the erection of a gaol at Young would probably be invited, towards the end of January next. 3. That the Secretary for Public Works was aware that damage had been done to the incomplete portions of Nos. 8 and 9 contracts, on the Great Western Railway extensions, and that it would take about two months to repair the damage. 4. That the two conditional selections of forty acres each, in the parish of Churchill, county Drake, made by Mr. W. G. Street at the Lands Office, Casino, on the 17th August, 1871, had been cancelled on the report of the local surveyor that the selector had not observed the conditions of the Act respecting resi- dence and improvement. 5. That five lunatics had in all escaped from Bay View House Asylum, Cook's River, since it was first opened and that there were at present thirty-two Government patients in the asylum at a cost of £1 5s. per week each, which was somewhat in excess of the expense of patients in Government Asylums. C. That the amount altogether expended in maintaining the road between Bathurst and Dubbo was about £62,8 10s. 2d. and 7, that no portion of the sum of £5000 voted last session for the support of paupers in hospitals had been, or would be, expended on th hospital at Wellington Ihd petitions, presented on Thursday, relating to the Petersham Church of 14iiL,land school, were ordered to be prints of Mr liAMin obtained leave to introduce, the bill for providing for the distribution of funds in certain estates formerly) assented to Mr Fern, which HIS brought up, read a first time, and its second reading was fixed li r "w Wednesday Mr HuNt, presented a petition from thirty members of the New South Wales Brokers As-, sermon u presenting that the sharebrokers 1 lCLiising Bill cumuli ed j unions that would affect the public in streets and the interests of shareholders injuriously) mill prizing ii r punishing to give evidence in refer ence to the bill. Mr. COMM is not cd the adjournment of the House to rim mark on the path of the Government in the. matter of the extension of the Great W cslcrn Hail v 115 to italian He said that the thin (,e (IOHL by the flood to Nos 3 and J cc attracts vi is but trifling and that what May price ill) required for the com- edition of the Jim was the creation of a culvert which could be constructed in a few days, whereas the. sacristan) for Public Works as unless that the damage could not be repaired in less than two months Mr Innes drew attention to the want of rain gauges in different parts of the colony) Mr J S SMITH complained of the course taken by the Colonial Secretary in gun g no portion of the £5000 voted last year for pupils in hospitals to the hot.) war at Wills to Mr MACINTOSH said that most of the paupers risen id at the Sydney Benevolent Asylum, to which the £6000 had been given, wire from the Western districts c 1 the colony) Mr bellum AMI replied to the observations of the lion man her for Bathurst (Mr Combes) and said that a bridge, which it was estimated v would cost about £200, MHB required for the extension of the line to remain, and that the delay in completing the extension MOB under the consideration of the Get eminent Mr LUCAS contended that the extension to Italian could easily be completed within a month Mr HOSKINS condemned the laxity of the Government with respect to the conditions under which contracts were given for the construction of railways and said he believed that the contractor for No 8 exten tion ought to have finished his work two years ago Mr Lou also complained of unnecessary delay in extending the Western Railway Mr I'AiihES defended his conduct in giving the whole of the vote for £5000 to the Benevolent Asylum Mr Collins replied, and the motion for the adjournment of the House, was put and negatived Mr luNtvS moved the second reading of the "Walker and Barlow Streets Enclosure Bill which he Iixplanud Mas undertaken by him at the request of the Municipal Council of St Leonards The object of the bill was to authorise the closing of streets which led to nowhere, and which interfered with the action of the municipality in a leading improvements at the reserve It was generally admitted that the improvement of the region had already increased the value of land at St Leonards fourfold, and lie behcMd that the bill was not in reality opposed by more than ten persons interested in the locality Mr MACINTOSH was opposed to the bill, because he knew that the closing of the streets would be inconvenient to some of the inhabitants of St Leonards Mr STEWART, believing that the House was not in possession of sufficient information about the bill, moved that it be referred to a select committee for industry and report Mr ÍAILMUI and Mr loitsrcu supported the amendment, which was put and carried without division Mr STFHAH-I moved the second reading of the 1 end Practitioners' Relief Bill, -which he said was similar in principle to the bill of last session, which as passed by the House, and then lapsed through the prorogation The bill would amalgamate the profession of the law and would render unnecessary any peculiarity of garb or attire the part of practi- work! s Mr BvTLim opposed the bill, contending that (the hon member was mistaken in supposing that it would have the effect of making legal proceedings less expensive, or that it would improve the condition of the profession Mr I oitSTKU supported the bill, on the ground that the division of the profession into two branches was on arbitrary arrangement, which restricted the choice of the public, at the Same time that it made litigation more costly The second reading was negatived by 16 to 8 On Mr Ih.vEs proposing to proceed with the second reading of the sharebrokers Licensing Bill, Mr G Ainu.TI and Mr HOSKINS raised points of order first, as to whether the House could entertain a bill which would impose a tax for licenses unless it were introduced by a Minister of the Crown in his capacity as such such a message from the Governor and next, as to whether the bill could be moved as a Government measure on a private day, before the orders of the day for private business were disposed of the question of order were debated at great length and were to some extent complicated through Mr Innes and Mr Parkes, stating that the bill was not a Government measure, and the Speaker ruling that the hon. member for Mudgee (Mr Innes) could not dissociate his Ministerial position from his connection with the bill Eventually the SitAHFii ruled that Mr Innes could proceed The hon. member then moved the second reading of the bill. Mr. (jAiuthTT moved, as an amendment the postponement of the question till Wednesday The House divided, and on its appearing that only nineteen members were present, the bl KAXKK adjourned the House of 1 52 p in to -4 p m on Tuesday next THE discussion on Thursday night had an interest distinct from its ostensible topic. It ran into innumerable corners and alleys. It required much quickness of pursuit to overtake it in its windings, or to arrest it in its flight. But it had at least this great charm of oratory ; it was loud, sometimes bordering on vociferation 1 he tongue moved like the clapper of a fire-bell. The gesticulations were rapid, as the movements of a windmill. The debate displayed all that kind of force in which the eloquence of speech is supported by the vehemence of gesture, and when the orator, red with dangerous fervour, threatened the nese and eyes of his near neighbours as the substitutes for his opponents, and became exceedingly dangerous to himself and to his friends. It is a useful psychological study to observe how mind operates upon matter, how fervid thought flows through the pores of the skin, and how the excitement of the physical constitu- tion gradually heats to burning the intellectual furnace, until its scalding contents are poured out till they flew all around and make the neighbourhood of an otherwise quiet gentleman anything but pleasant. The display of intense emotion was indeed rather disproportionate to the question in hand. If every small amount supposed in this case really to be concerned produced a similar result, the members of the House would melt away much faster than ordinary patriotism can consume them. A frequent exposure to similar excesses would deprive us soon of our foremost as well as our fattest men. The drain upon the mind and upon the body at once would soon leave us nothing but their memory, and they would have, according to VIRGIN, all that a ghost can have, a name. ' It is curious to see how a skirmish ends in a general battle. No one perceived in what way such a motion could have led to a fiery debate on free trade, nor how it could have introduced a discussion so irrelevant as protection, or led Sir JAMES MARTIN to precipitate himself into a forsaken arena, where he could only fight with the remains of the departed. All around him were the relics of defeated combatants, left behind as memorials of their valour and their misfortune. Like the noble hero whom madness had touched, he ran round the field challenging the victors who had already triumphed and were gone. There was nothing visible but a confused mass of torn remnants, which formerly had covered illustrious chiefs who fought for the corn laws, for the protection of native industry, for no dependence upon foreigners, and for all those other well known cries which once resounded, but which have died away like the thin voice attributed to the illustrious dead. It was a pity, indeed, to see one of the most distinguished sons of Australia endeavouring to cover himself with English 'hospital. Certainly he has been strongly tempted by the weariness of inaction to appoint his energies on the useless contest, and to employ his ponderous strength in beating the air but many of our colonial-bred men have taken up the notions that English statesmen have one and all utterly abandoned. It is now forty years since Huskisson was said to have missed the weavers of Milk. It is now thirty years since Sir Thomas Pin abandoned protection and proclaimed himself a convert to commercial freedom. A few years later Mr. HUME succeeded in opening the ports of England to navigators of all nations. Every year the same path of freedom has been pursued until the very last rag of protection has been relinquished by every man of mark in England. Our old member, Mr. Low I, study the other day that he had reduced taxes to the extent of nine millions during his tenure of office, and that the revenue still increased. The effect of free trade and quickness of communication on the reduction and the steadiness of prices on the value of labour, and the improved condition and education of the people, seems almost miraculous. The reflex action of English policy on the colonial welfare is surprisingly and increasingly great, and no man who has lived long in the world can recall the experience of former times without astonishment and without gratitude to those who opened the shutters and let in the light of day. We regret that the chief advocates of protection should be colonial-bred men. It gives them the air of absurdity. Of course we do not mean men who look at the wages of to-day as the only thing worth taking into account ; but we mean those who pretend to statesmanship. There is a time when it is more honourable to abandon a mischievous crotchet than to defend it with eloquence, or even success. No one can tell indeed what will happen in the accidental causes which may influence legislation in a small community. But the idea of establishing a system of protection is one of the wildest that has ever per- verted the judgment of a sane man. Here in a country when- every form of raw production is superabundant, and where refined processes are utterly unprofitable, and must be, we are admonished to turn from that which pours money into the country by millions, to compete with ribbon weavers and pin makers. The notion of separating our colony from the course of human affairs, of setting up an exclusive system of non-intercourse, is a miserable delusion. So strong are our preferences, according to Sir JAMES MARTIN, for commerce, that we should prefer to deal with miserable Chinamen rather than our own countrymen ; but unless we choose to dispense with articles which one country has in superabundance and another is without, we are driven to commerce by a law of nature. What myriads of families have found in tea a great resource and a great enjoyment! Were Sir JAMES MARTIN to push his theories of protection so as to stop the teapot, it is very likely that a combination, of ladies would give him plenty of hot water. It would be useless to tell them it was patriotic to drink horehound tea-that we could produce our own camomile, a fine aromatic bitter-that we might take a cup of milk tea with great advantage to our neighbours, and, moreover, not be drinking after dirty Chinamen, who handle tea in a most unceremonious style. He might tell them that the time might come when even our port guns would not give safety to tea ships entering our harbour. He might also tell them that their great grand- mothers were corrupted by tea, and that the nervous headaches of which their daughters complained is the punishment of outlandish habits. These arguments might be addressed from the Protectionist arsenal, and all his reward would be the " tea leaves." IN the course of some remarks made recently upon the style of education fitted for mining managers, chemists, and others, the opportunity was embraced of saying a word or two about assaying. No branch of mining industry is of greater importance, and none is open to greater abuse. When the wants of the colony were small in this respect, the work of assaying could be done at the Mint and nothing more was required, since the opinion returned to the applicant was sure to be as reliable as it was impartial. But when exploring became a business, perhaps we may say a besetment, and every body had a variety of samples to submit to examination, the competent assayers of the country were no longer equal to the occasion, and other experts had to be sought out. There proved to be seen qualified chemists ready for the business, and their hands speedily became full. But there is a class of prospectors and promoters who regulate the pay of assayers according to the percentage of pure metal announced, whether it be copper, tin, gold, lead, or what not. It is their practice to indicate what they expect the sample to yield and the assayer finds accordingly, if he be a money-getting man. It is well known with what avidity the share-taking public study the opinions of as- sayers paraded in prospectuses a great therefore is the temptation to make these reports as alluring and showy as possible. The truth is too tame for the speculators, who are prepared to pay for the requisite amount of embellishment. A prospectus to take must be spiced up to the public taste and it is allowed to be a stupid piece of practice to issue a document of this nature that will not take. The difficulty at first sustained by promoters who were desirous of having reports made to order was considerable-seeing that the assayers had then in practice too much pride of profession to submit to dictation, or to payment by results. They told the truth and charged a moderate uniform fee. But by degrees, as the demand increased, there came into play a good many men said to be qualified though no one knows how men who hailed from Victoria and South Australia and Queensland, or anywhere so that the distance was considerable, but had not in these parts been known as assayers-and they have acquired place and importance by reason of a certain dexterity in finding exactly what is wanted. Their charges are usually four or five times greater than those of the well known practitioners, and are paid with alacrity. Although this accession to the ranks of as- sayers proves a convenience to a small portion of the public, it is questionable whether it should be allowed to continue without check. The untrustworthiness of some reports gradually cast a shade of suspicion over all, and men receive, everything presented to them with his belief. This is not a state of feeling favourable to the prosperity of mining industry in this colony, and whatever can be done to amend it should he attempted. If it is deemed desirable for the sharebrokers of the colony to be classed and registered, and publicly known and authorised, and bound by oath to transact business according to certain specified regulations, it is as requisite to take steps to insure the capability and re- spectability of persons practising as assayers" The one precaution is as necessary to the protection of the public as the other. But how shall this competence be ascertained? There is only one way, which is by examination, there are men of sufficient attainment and impartial character in this colony to constitute a Board of Examiners for the purpose, whose certificates being held by assayers would be esteemed a sufficient evidence of competency. 1 his Board might be appointed by the Govern! ment 'the fees paid by the examined would suffice to remunerate them, and if examination were optional, and men without certificates were still allowed to practice, the examination would have the effect of creating a standard that in time would scarcely be avoided with impunity) An assay from an uncertified chemist would come to be worth no more than he paper on which it was written Probably, in their eagerness to pick up a living, the unqualified men are not conscious of the harm they do, but it is for the community to say whether it is right that they should be allowed to lure the capital of the country into unfruitful channels where it will stagnate and disappear In the course of time the colony will he in possession of a School of Mines, in which students will become competent assayers, and receive credentials as such In this case such a Board of Examiners as we have alluded to would not be required, but until such a school is established we have reason to think the existence of such a temporary expedient would tend to afford the public a much greater amount of confidence in mining enterprise IHK VOLUNTEER BRIGADE BAND will perform this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, on the Rine Range, under the direction of Lieutenant Callen, weather permitting Pro. gramme Overture (Fra Diavolo), Auber, Waltz (Cora ] lower), Cook, Selection (Crospino e Gomare) Kieta, Qiindrillo (Polly Perkins), Cook Selection (Grand Liuheet-), Otfnbach, Galop (Verloburg), Kuhner, God Save the Queen. NORW ooD v CARLTON -A match was played on Saturday last, at Ashfield, between the abovenamed club B but, not being finished, was drawn The Carlton Club funds 80 runs in their innings, and the Norwood 63 for 5 wickets The bowling of Hughes for the Norwood, and that of Adamson for the Carlton, is worthy of mention 7 be batting of Turner (who made 19 runs), O'Brien (21), and ferry (18), for the Carlton, was very good, as was that of Hughes (not out, 21 and Kent (19 for the Norwood. PETERSHAM CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH-A Thursday evening last, a tea meeting was held in the above church, to cell brat of the first anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. F. H. Browne. The building was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers. After tea, a public meeting, numerously attended, took place, the pastor presiding. The rev. chairman reviewed the operations in connection with the church during the year, referring to an increased attendance at the services, and the progress made in the several departments of church work. It was intended an early as practicable to renovate and beautify the interior of the edifice in which they were assembled, and to erect a vestry and schoolroom. There had been subscribed for this purpose nearly £160, and as soon as they had £300 in hand the work would be commenced. The treasurer of the church, Mr.", S. H. Lewis, reported satisfactorily as to finance, the ordinary income having increased 25 per cent, during the year, The meeting was addressed by the Revs. J. P. Sunderland, W. Slatyer, T. Johnson, J. Mirams (of Victoria), S. C. Kent, and G. G. Howden. A vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies who contributed towards the tea meeting. The proceedings were brought to a close with the doxology and benediction. It was incidentally men. turned during the evening that the ladies of the bible class, conducted by the Rev. Mr. Browne, had presented to him on the previous day, an address, accompanied with four handsomely bound volumes of books, as an expression of their gratitude and esteem. SERIO - COLE-The obliviousness of the injured individual who, a day or two ago, gave a woman in charge for stealing a watch that was shortly afterwards died covered at a watchmaker's shop where he had not long before left it for repairs, reminds one of Theodore Majoooi and his persistent near an records ; but the marvellous and humorous forgetfulness of a female passenger by one of the Balmain steamers, some time ago, is equally entitled to a corner in the chronicler of current events. The female in question, a resident of Balmain, had been marketing Sydney, and on returning in the evening, when the twilight was rapidly disappearing, she fell fast asleep immediately she was seated in the steamer. On suddenly waking up she found that the boat, like herself, was half seas over, and then she pressed her precious babe to her affectionate cheek ; but she had no sooner done so, than to the alarm of all within earshot, she exclaimed at the top of her voice, " Oh dear ! fell dear ! my baby, my poor baby is dead." The lady's name was not Rachel, but, like Rachel, she refused to be comforted, till a fellow passenger tenderly requested a sight of the defunct infant. Then fold after fold was carefully removed, but to ! and behold ! no baby was there, either dead or alive, but, in lieu thereof, a thumping leg of mutton challenged the admiration of all beholders ! When the mutton was purchased in Sydney it was carefully wrapped to a cloth, but somehow or other, during its transition between city and suburb, a portion of it became uncovered, and the cool surface of the uncovered portion brought into contact with the warm cheek suggested to the agonized mother the death of her darling. She had completely forgotten that she had left her cherub at home, the very picture of robust health. The mutton and the 2s. 9d. paid for it had also altogether escaped her memory. Nevertheless, contact with the stiff and frigid joint had prompted our heroine to make a demonstration which, in point of noise, was only surpassed by the hilarious and uproarious exclamation of the passengers on discover- ing that the maternal instinct had been cruelly outraged by a cold leg of mutton. MURDER OF MR. loss, AND Loss OF THE SCHOONER KATE CRANE-The day's Times, November 27, Bays: By the arrival of the Rosamond, yesterday, from Taviuni, we learn the sad intelligence of the murder of Mr. Ross, builder, of Levuka, on board the schooner Kate Grant when at Drummond's Island. The particulars are as follows: At about 6.30 p.m. on the evening of the 6th instant, the canoes which had been trading were told that it was time to leave the son had set. With one exception they all left. The one canoe hung on astern. The white men were now lounging about the deck, when one of them (M'Dongall) heard a sort of scuffle, and looking up saw a stab given. The next instant he himself was stabbed, and grappling with the native, he raised the cry of " murder.' He saw AGED run past him and fall some five yards away, stated at the same moment he himself was seized. In the struggle with the native he (M'Dongall) succeeded in wresting the knife from the native; and the captain, who had procured a revolver, fired at the man, but shot M'Dongall through the leg. The man then jumped overboard, and the crew slipped the cable, and stood out to sea, Poor Even, it we found, had been stabbed through the heart and never spoke afterwards. He was a native of the Isle of Skye, and about 40 years of age. The news of his death spread quite gloom over our little town. Misfortune followed the vessel, for on Saturday morning she was drifted on to a reef near Goat Island, in Roma Roma Straits, where she became a wreck. The crew and passengers were landed in safety. The wreck, we believe, was bought by Mr. W. S. Morgan for £25. THE INTERCOLONIAL CHAMPION GIG RACE. Last night the Intercolonial Champion Gig crew were entertained at a dinner at the Sydney Exchange, Mr. W. C. Windeyer occupied the chair, and Mr. G. Deloitte officiated as vice-chairman. After dinner, the chairman pro- poned the usual loyal toasts, which were drunk with applause. He then rose and proposed the toast of the evening, " The Sydney Champion Gig Crew." He said that we had on a recent occasion given a dinner to our opponents the Melbourne crew, and we were now met together to do honour to our friends. Although Melbourne could boast of a finer city than ours although they could boast of being able to beat us at cricket-yet they could not come near us upon the water. Sydney had always held her own in every contest she had engaged in, and he had no hesita- tion in saying that, with our beautiful harbour to press on, we could always find a crew that would retain the laurels against any of the neighbouring colonies. TM chairman then presented each of the crew with their trophies won at the recent regatta, and in doing so said that if he hoped the children of the recipients would, when the latter wore old fogies, endeavour to outvie their fathers W < endeavouring to do the mile in a shorter time. Mr. R. Fitzhardinge, the captain of the crow, returned thanks, As in doing so took occasion to thank Mr. Q, Deloitte, Mr. J. Clark, and Mr. J. Mood for the attention shown to us by those gentlemen while they were training. Bach and ber of the crew afterwards returned thanks for his' The chairman then proposed The land we live in," "TJ ladies," .' The No. 2 crew, and "Success to the offer Rowing Club." Messrs. Reid, Teece, Nook, Sarah E.' Clark responded. 