THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The meetings of the Baptist Association were continued on Tuesday, September 17. THE AFTERNOON MEETING was attended bv about 50 persons, the Chairman for the past year, the Rev. D. Badger, pre- siding. After singing and prayer, the Rev. John Price read the following paper :— ' Eldership in its existing forms in the several denominations — its recognition by our Churches. ' The above heading will perhaps be found to describe the form which discussion may take during our meeting, but it is considerably wider than will be undertaken in this paper. The practical aim intended by those who selected the topic was that of introducing a conversation respecting the advantage of having in our Churches a class of officers called elders, distinct on the one hand from the pastor, and on the other from the deacons; and respecting the line of usefulness in the Church in which elders may engage. There are some who conclude that the New Testament gives us very clear, intelligible, and defined instructions and precedents with respect to the form of Church government, the number and nature of official distinc- tions, and the entire routine of Church life. As a matter of course, those who consider that Scripture statements are given in such copiousness and minuteness claim that the system with which they stand connected is the scriptural one, and that all departures from their ecclesiastical form are departures from the expressed will of Christ. There are various considerations that tend very much to throw discredit upon such pretensions. There are some facts that seem to intimate that the Church as to its organization was never fixed by the Lord Jesus as with the distinctness and rigidity of a table of regulations ; but that, with the vital force of life, it was not denied also the elasticity and freedom of life. As cir- cumstances arose necessities were met, and where offices had been created there seems some times to have been a subsequent mingling of duties. With respect to deacons, for example, it was not because the Church organization had come down complete and entire out of heaven that the selection was made which we read of in Acts vi; it was because ' there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews.' To meet that it became desirable that they should look out among themselves seven men full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, who might be appointed over the business which the Apostles had pre- viously superintended. There was nothing to hinder such an appointment; but yet there was nothing but the new emergency which called for the appointment. Again, it is generally taken for granted that the distinction found in Scripture between elders and deacons is that the elders attended to the spiritual require- ments of the Church, while the deacons took charge of all departments in which money was involved. Probably that in a general way was the division of labour that prevailed ; but as a proof that it was not unalterably adhered to, we read in Acts xi., 29, 30. — "Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea, which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul." In this case the money passed through the hands of those who go by the designation elders, and not deacons. These are two illus- trations of a point which I desire to bring into prominence in the outset, that the discussion of the question of eldership in our Churches is not one that is to receive a con- clusive and ultimate settlement by scriptural precedent or statement. Scriptures, while they lay down certain broad regulations, recognise also the differences of circumstances; and conse- quently admit of elasticity, and freedom in detail. ' In the New Testament the word elder is not always descriptive of office. Sometimes it describes office, sometimes age, sometimes pro- minence as a leader, whether that prominence be due to official appointment, to age, or to spiritual character and influence. But looking at officially-appointed elders, we learn some facts which are generally noticeable with respect to them. ' 1. There is an identity between bishops and elders. This is evident from many lines of proof. When Paul called for the elders of the Church of Ephesus he addressed them as the persons whom the Holy Ghost had made overseers over the Church. It was the elders Peter addressed in his epistle, and to the elders he commits the work of feeding the flock of God and taking the oversight thereof . (Pet., v. 1,2.) '2. There is a distinction between elders (or bishops) and deacons. The most concise proof for this is the first verse of the first chapter of Philippians— ' Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus, with the bishop and deacons.' ' 3. In single Churches there was a plurality of elders. — ' For this purpose left I thee in Crete that thou shouldst set in order the things that are wanting and ordain elders in every city.' —Titus i. 5. And Paul sent to the elders of Ephesus to meet him at Miletus. '4. In the eldership itself there were diver- sities of gifts and division of labour. Some elders taught, and some only ruled.—' Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.' Here are elders that rule well who do not labour in word and doc- trine, and elders who do labour in word and doctrine. 'There are various bodies of Christians which recognise and adopt the eldership in some form or other. Presbyterianism is a word that simply means eldership. It is not desirable now to describe or discuss at any great length the principles of Presbyterianism. But one charac- teristic of the system thus designated is that the Church is ruled by the elders. In other respects as a general thing the actual functions of the elder in distinction from the minister at the present time in a Presbyterian Church do not differ much from that of the deacon in our Congregational system. The minister is the teaching elder, and the other members of the session are the ruling elders. ' What has been termed the Scotch Baptist system also has a plurality of elders. But that simply means, in fact, a plurality of pastors. Men in busines are chosen by the Church as elders. These preside in turn ; and this is a practical question upon which the Churches among us who proceed to the election of elders should have their views well defined, in order to the prevention of possible confusion or misun- derstanding. While order and harmony prevail in the Church no difficulty will arise; but when roots of bitterness spring up, if such should unhappily take place, what is the position as to rule and presidentship of an elder? In Scotch Baptist Churches he ia a co-pastor. May an elder in a Church in South Australia, where the office is acknowledged, claim to be co-ordinate with the pastor ? That such is not the intention of the Church I know; but it would be well to have a clear understanding upon the point. ' In one ecclesiastical connection in Adelaide the eldership seems to be a kind of presbytery, possessing the power of representative rule. The Scotch Baptists have their eldership as a co- pastorate; the Church, however, transacting its business by the vote of the members in what is known as the Congregational fashion. But the body I am now referring to seem to depart from that principle, judging by the only letter of dismissal of membership that has come from them into my hands. The letter was signed by one of the elders as ' on behalf of the elder ship.' That indicated a difference of govern- ment from the form adopted when a letter is signed among ourselves, as ' on behalf of the Church.' But whether a Presbyterian rule in the Church be actually accepted, or whether it is one of those things that have not been definitely pronounced upon, I am not able to say. ' In the life of the Rev. J. Angell Jamss there is an account given of a Discipline Committee as existing in the Church of which Mr. James was pastor. This Committee answers very much to the eldership in one branch of its operations. The Committee is composed of the pastor and ten members— five of them being deacons and five not deacons. "In the Sword and Trowel for February, 1869, the Rev. James Spurgeon has an interesting article on 'Church Discipline at the Metro- politan Tabernacle.' The portion of his paper entitled ' Elders' is exactly to our purpose, and may be quoted almost entire:— 'Our eldership, now sustained by 26 brethren, is a source of much blessing to our Church. Without the efficient and self-denying labours of tho elders we should never be able to supervise our huge Church, containing, at the close of the year 1868, 3,860 members, and from which, under the present pastor, an equal number have gone to the Church triumphant, or to other parts of the Church militant. The elders are re-elected annually, but usually continue for life in their office; fresh elders are proposed by the pastor to the already elected elders, and after some time has been given for thought the subject of the propriety of their election is discussed at an elders' meeting, and if recommended with general unanimity the names are then laid before tho Church by the pastor, and after opportunity given for the expression of opinion the vote of the Church is taken. We offer no opinion here as to other methods of electing Church officers; but we will add that no other plan commends itself so much to our judgment, no other plan is so safe for our Church, or so likely to procure good officers. To the elders is committed the spiritual over- sight of the Church, and such of its concerns as are not assigned to the deacons nor belong to the preacher. The seeing of enquirers, the visiting of candidates for Church membership, the seeking out of absentees, the caring for the sick and troubled, the conducting of prayer meetings, catechumen and Bible classes for thhe young men — these and other needed offices our brethren the elders discharge for the Church. One elder is maintained by the Church for the especial purpose of visiting our sick poor, and looking after the Church roll, that this may be done regularly and efficiently. As a whole, we cheerfully bear our testimony to the beneficial working of the system of deaconate and elder- ship as distinct offices. Both works are in a few cases performed by the same person, but the existence of the two bodies of men is in a thou- sand ways a great assistance to good govern- ment. 'This account of things at the Tabernacle seems to me to present the most complete and matured view of eldership, as suited to our Churches, that I have anywhere met with. It is especially adapted to large Churches. But where the Churches are very small it would be a question which only the circumstances of the Church could decide as to whether elders were needful. Officers are made for the Church, and not the Church for the officers. We have already seen that offices were not set out by regulation from the beginning, but that they arose as emergencies arose. While, therefore, we adopt whatever Scripture may sanction, let us not fall into a spirit of ecclesiastical fervour, supposing that the alteration of Church organi- zation will supply what can only be supplied from a deeper source and in a more spiritual way." A discussion, taken part in by the Revs. J. Daniel, J, L. Parsons, S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., Henry Morgan, S. Fairey, and Mr. A. Murray, followed. It was stated that two elders had been for some time in existence at Tynte-street Baptist Church, that two had recently been ap- pointed at Gawler, and that some six years ago the title had been conferred on a gentleman who undertook the work of preaching to the Welsh. No resolution was arrived at on the subject. The meeting closed with prayer. The Evening Meeting was held in the Lecture Hall, Flinders-street, and there was a very large attendance, the room being quite filled. The Rev. D. Badger, the retiring Chairman, at first presided. After singing and prayer, The Chairman said that it was with great pleasure that he now vacated the chair in favour of his brother, Mr. Mead, the Chairman-elect, who would now deliver an address. The Chairman-Elect (the Rev. S. Mead, M.A.,LL.B.) then assumed the presidency of the meeting, and read the following address:— 'DOCTRINE AND CHURCH LIFE. 'Is is high time we think for a reaction to set in on behalf of definite doctrines and clear beliefs. The advocates of a no-creed theology (if such a thing be possible) have been too long suffered to go on their own way without distinct protest. Many a platform speech has been re- ceived with favour, in which the champions of no-creedism have boldly avowed their faith in creedlessness. On the other hand there has sprung up among many Churches such laxity as to doctrine that to multitudes of hearers it matters little what the doctrine taught is, so long as it is set forth with sincerity and plausibility. 'Doctrine, dogma, teaching are virtually synonymous terms, the first being of Latin derivation, the second being from a Greek root, and the third being of Saxon origin. The denouncers of 'dogma' and the despisers of 'doctrine' would hardly like, we think, to be regarded as the enemies of 'teaching.' The common ear of the people is not supposed to be accurately informed as to the classic origin of words; it is hardly just to take advantage of this to the disparagement of 'dogma' or 'doctrine,' while a 'teaching' ministry is, applauded. ' 'The importance of doctrine, dogma, or teaching in its influence upon non-Christian life, j upon Christian life, and upon Church life is immense— infinite. Church history itself is one continuous series of proofs of this fact. What men, Churches, and nations have been during ; the last 18 centuries has depended very largely upon what they have believed. Doctrine and practice stand toward each other very much in the relation of cause and effect. It is quite true that many deplorable results have come to pass through the operation of the same prin- ciple. Men— Christian men— have in ignorance believed conscientiously that it was right to per- secute with the strong arm of civil power those holding an opposite belief to their own. Men Christian men— have sincerely believed it right to urge purely civil governments to support out of the public treasury the religion of the majority. In the kingdom of spiritual forces as well as in the kingdom of material forces power- ful agents may be turned to good or to evil account. The fire may be used to give forth heat in the room or to convert water into steam wherewith to propel the ship over the ocean, or the incendiary may employ this same agency of fire to accomplish his diabolical mission. The leverage which the principle of faith supplies has been used for entirely opposite purposee, and with wholly diverse results. ' The latter half of the New Testament abounds with allusions to perverse doctrines. The Epistles are largely occupied with defences of the pure truth of the Gospel, and with the condemnation of errors. The Apostle John urges us not to 'believe' every spirit,' but to 'try the spirits whether they are of God ;' and he moreover supplies us with the test by which to discriminate between ' the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.' Paul bids Timothy to guard the deposit of the Gospel which had been entrusted to him, 'avoiding profane and vain babblings and oppo- sitions of science, falsely so called, which some professing have erred concerning the faith. The voice of inspiration enjoins upon us to take heed' as to tho doctrine of Christ to ' obey' it — not to be carried away with every wind of doctrine— to show 'incorruptness' in doctrine, to 'adorn the doctrine- of God our Saviour in all things,' to nourish ourselves with ' the words of faith and of good doctrine,' to turn away from whatever ' is contrary to sound doctrine,' to 'speak the things which become sound doctrine,' to refuse to bid the man ' God speed' who brings not Christ's doctrine, to beware of strange doctrines ;' ' and if any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness, he is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof come envy, strife, railings, evil sur- misings, perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.' With these Scripture counsels and warnings before us, it is nothing short of treachery to the truth to be indifferent to the spread of errors of doctrine. 'Objectors to doctrine seem often to confound belief in specific doctrines with belief in certain well- known systems of doctrine, such as that of the Westminster Confession. I am not contend- ing for belief in any particular system of doc- trine as defined by any body of men or as set forth by any Church. Subscription to any such system is at best a precarious business. But it is not wisdom to abandon all belief in astronomical or geological science because we cannot accept in its entirety the whole system of astronomy as propounded by Herschel or the whole system of geology as advocated by Lyell. It is no less foolish to speak contemptuously of the doctrines of Jesus Christ because no one has succeeded in formulating them into a complete theological system. There is a system in Revealed Truth,though we may be unable to evolve and reproduce it in perfect outline. 'It is partly owing to the necessary imper- fection of language, and partly owing to the nature of the truths to be conveyed, that it is so difficult to express the Divine ideas of truth in formulae of absolute accuracy. This difficulty should not hinder our subjecting the truths of Scripture to the most rigid scrutiny. It is not enough to say that we receive all Scripture with the full confidence of faith; a prior question must be determined — What is the truth conveyed by the language of Scripture which our faith receives ? The real truth of God's Word is as gold which remains gold to whatever test it may be subjected. By all means let every truth of Revelation be submitted to the most searching analysis. Let all legitimate methods for the discovery of truth be applied. But when this has been done, and before us lies the pure gold of Divine Truth, it behoves us to accept, value, and use it as golden truth, immortal as its Divine Author. ' France and Germany are mournful illustra- trations of the power of belief upon the life of nations. The Roman Catholic religion in these countries wears much more the character of a superstition than of an intelligent creed. Side by side with Roman Catholicism we find in the one country a Rationalism which would exclude from religion all that is supernatural; in the other country we find a sentimental Infidelity which educates the people for sensualism. I have said thus much in illustration of the fact that our beliefs necessarily exert a very powerful influence upon the practical life of men. 'Doctrines may relate to ecclesiasticism (the forms of Church organization), to rites (the external ordinances of worship), to duties (the positive service required), or to the basis of internal Christian life. '1. Ecclesiasticism.— I am not disposed on the present occasion to enter into any discussion of the respective claims of the forms of Church life presented by Episcopalianism, Wesleyanism, Presbyterianism, or by Congregationalism. The several organizations represented by these names have undoubtedly been too narrow and rigid in adhering to the distinctive tenets con- stituting the ecclesiastic basis of their corporate existence. Congregationalism, for example, has, we think, too resolutely excluded from actual church life the principle of episcopacy, as com- prehending the oversight of the Churches of a province. On the other hand, Episcopalianism has virtually ignored the essential principles of Congregationalism. All this is due to the doctrines of Church life which have been infer- entially deduced from the Scriptures. It is obvious what a large influence these doctrines as to Church organization must have exerted in moulding the thoughts and life of the members connected with the several religious bodies. '2. External Rites of Worship.— In giving a passing reference to Ritualism, it must be borne in mind that while this term is designative of a particular system of religious practices, yet all must have some ritual of worship, unless we resort to Quakerism, or to Plymouth Breth- renism, which is a modified Quakerism with additions. Ritualism and Quakerism are the antipodes of each other in the matter of worship. We do not deny, but maintain, that the Quaker mode of worship has, after all, a somewhat rigid mode. Our business is to get a thorough under- standing of the priniciples of worship as exhibited in the New Testament; then, as we fully understand them, put them into transpa- rent and elastic forms of life. 'The ritual of admission to the ministry differs among the various religious bodies — differs because the doctrines held upon this subject differ. It is easy to find the extremes of practice in the Episcopalian system on the one side and in Quakerism on the other. The doc- trines of the Church of England on the subject of ministry, being at the same time both too lax and yet too restrictive, have worked inju- riously in diminishing her power for good. On the other hand the Quaker system virtually makes ministry co-extensive with membership. ' The ritual of admission to Church member- ship has been the prolific source of much dis- pute and of much evil. That ritual in some Churches relates to baptism. It may be asked, will this ritualistic question of baptism ever be settled ? Some appear to think not ; perhaps because they wish it may not be, lest present opinions should need to be relinquished. The New Testament must be a strange book indeed if it does not contain clear directions upon this positive duty. It is objected that the question hinges upon the meaning of a Greek word. Suppose it to be so ; how comes it to pass that there is such immense difficulty in finding out the meaning of this one Greek word, while it is easy enough to discover the current meanings of other Greek words in common use in New Testa ment times? 'The practical solution of this question would be facilitated and hastened if all Chris- tians were urged to study for themselves the teachings of Scripture upon this subject, and if they were taught to feel themselves thoroughly free to act in harmony with the dictates of their judgments and consciences. The dominant doctrines which have prevailed upon the bap- tismal rite have greatly influenced and injured Church life. 'An equal disparity of opinion has prevailed touching the Lord's Supper. There is a wide gulf of separation between the simply com- memorative view of the Lord's Supper as pro- pounded by Zwingle and the sacrificial view of it as involved in the Roman Catholic doctrine of the mass. Half way between these extremes we find a vague and changeful sacramentarianism. The Eucharistic sacramentarianism of the Ritualist approaches very close to the Roman Catholic doctrince of the mass ; on the other hand the sacramentarianism of some Christians tapers off until it almost blends into the white light of the pure doctrine of representative commemoration. It is patent to all how sad have been the results of false teaching concerning the Lord's Supper. They have been baneful beyond expression. '3. As to Christian service, it might seem as if there were but little scope for opposite doctrines upon this point. But a glance at Church history at once shows the tendency of human nature to go to extremes. For instance, the asceticism of the third and fourth centuries, the system of conventual and monkish life of after ages, show how it was deemed needful to retire from the social circle in order to offer complete service at the shrine of the Church. In the public thought at the present hour there is manifest a decided reaction against this view. Thomas Carlyle's writings have helped very largely to breakdown the distinction between work sacred and work secular. But he found the real truth upon this subject in the Bible, or he might have found it there. Fifteen years ago he had the world's ear open to his utterances and most vigorously did he pour into it the truth that all work is to be held sacred for God. We have now become so accustomed to this doctrine that there is some danger of our degrading all service to the dead level of materialism instead of bringing up all service to the true standard of holiness unto the Lord. ' There is another point as to service worthy of note. I refer to the lack of Christian enter- prise in our Churches. Time was three-quarters of a century since when the evangelization of heathen populations was deemed chimerical. The spirit of that belief is not dead yet. It is specially seen in the indisposition of Churches to resort to other modes of action for influencing men in favour of the Gospel than those employed for centuries. In the business of daily life such tardiness and immobility produce failure. And, '.failure' is the ensignature that deserves to be stamped upon large areas of Church life. Idleness and uselessness in the vineyard of the Master are not yet held to be criminal. The doctrine still prevails too extensively that to ministers, together with a few prominent leaders in our Churches, may be left the responsibility of carrying on God's work. In defence of this shirking of duty there is also an appeal made to the doctrine of the Holy Spirit's sovereign agency. We believe in the indispensableness of the power of the Holy Spirit in all the processes of spiritual life; but we disdain the meanness which, in a covert way, casts the blame of failure upon Him. Hardly a Church can be found anywhere that is reaping fruit at the low minimum of 'thirty- fold' for the labour it puts forth. We attribute this in no small degree to the deficiency of the spirit of Christian enterprise which Churches display. Many a business firm exhibits tenfold more energy in the pursuit of wealth than the most active Churches show in the winning of souls for Christ. The accepted doctrine of the Churches upon this subject reveals too much of a laizze-faire spirit. Before the practice will be much altered the prevalent doctrines must be reformed. 'In Congregational and Baptist Churches there is generally found a strong and rather imper- turbable feeling of reluctance in taking any steps that at all look in the direction of a revival. We have heard Christian men of thought scorn- fully avow, ' we do not believe in revivals.' If Churches do not believe in them they will not have them. ' According to your faith be it unto you,' is the Saviour's law. If Churches do not believe in them, they will neither sincerely pray nor earnestly work for a revival. We admit that in some minds there is a prejudice against the word 'revival,' and prejudices are always delicate and difficult things to deal with. We do not care whether people believe in the fitness of the word 'revival,' but we are deeply concerned that our Churches should believe in the reality of God saving many souls in con- nection with special prayer, special means, and special services. We want that there shall be sympathy with A. Midlane's echoes:— ' Showers of blessing! Gracious promise From the God who rules on high; From the Everlasting Father He who will not, cannot lie. Showers of blessing! Oh! let nothing less suffice.' ! '4. It is, however, upon the basis and character of Christian life in the soul that we feel most strongly that current doctrine is sadly at fault. This soul-life is manifestly ' the prin cipal thing.' All Church ordinances and organiza- tions are nothing if the life of Christ in the soul has no existence. This is indeed universally admitted; but, strange to say, with this admis- sion there comes usually the disclaimer that religious experiences are not to be scrutinized closely, are net to be relied upon, are of little or no value. But, pray let me ask, what other experiences are to be relied upon if our religious experiences are to be discarded as of no worth? Can there be any religion at all without expe- rience? 'Ah,' replies some cold objector, 'then you contend for religious feelings and emotions ?' Indeed I do, for the religion that is without feeling is worth about as much as stubble out of which the grain has been thrashed. In matters of religion persons having thought and feeling are directly con- cerned. What would be thought of pleading for the absence of feeling from any other kind of life ? What would the relationships of life be without emotion? The truth is we want not less religious feeling, but more, a thousand times more. We want every Chris- tian's heart to be animated with a heaven-born enthusiasm for the interests of Christ's kingdom, to be fired with a holy passion for souls, and to be moved by the purest affection towards God. We do not, however, plead for feeling divorced from thought, but as combined with and founded upon thought. 'But both religious thought and religious feeling are the products and signs of religious life in the soul. This religious life is only of abiding worth as it springs from Christ, ' our life.' What is this ' life' of Christ as bestowed upon and possessed by the soul? Without in- tending here to give any full exposition of it, we say in brief that this life is a distinct and posi- tive reality— that it is wholly born of the Holy Spirit— that it possesses personal characteristics which entitle it, according to the language of Scripture, to be called ' the new man,' ' the new creature' or creation — that it possesses the qualities of holiness, in virtue of which every bona fide Christian is holy — that it is an impossi- bility for it to have the slightest leaning in the direction of sin — that it is in vital union with the personal life of God in Christ, a union as real as that subsisting between the branch and the vine— that it so fully receives the smile of Divine approval that it lives before Him as an object in which He finds perpetual delight. 'Now Christian life in its external forms ought to be the simple evolution and embodi- ment of this life of God in the soul. All requisite aids— objective as contained in the truth of Revelation, personally operative and directive as in the living agency of the Holy Spirit, and subjective as arising from the in- herent powers of our souls— are provisionally supplied to us by God in order that we may legitimately evolve and exhibit in ' good works' this holy Christian life. 'The doctrines of the Churches upon this subject are confused and confusing. While the beau ideal of holy living is held up to hearers for their admiration, no one dreams that the admiration can or will be reduced to practice. Exhortations are given in abundance, but ap- parently there is little expectation of their being translated into life. ' In consequence of this state of things there is a general measure of contentment with a standard of practical righteousnes far below what the New Testament sets before us. Christ our Lord allows of no disobedience on the part of any one of His followers ; but how frequently do we hear a kind of semi-apology for such dis- obedience. Of course we admit that such acts of disobedience committed by the Christian require to be humbly and penitently confessed in order to their forgiveness, for the blessing of forgiveness was never intended to be used as a licence to carelessness of walk.' ' It is comparatively easy every evening to go through a kind of mental and spiritual penance, acknowledging both sins of omission and com- mission. This may be done with the greatest sincerity. But where is Christian righteousness if this be the unvarying tale? How can we call that a following of Christ where the following is confessed to be characterized by fifty falls a day? Let us call things by their proper names. We speak of ' our infirmities'— a soft and indefinite term. What is meant is bad temper, selfish pride, idolatrous covetousness. We speak of our many sins, but why not call them our many dis- obediences or our many bad actions? Is it worth the name of Christian life if at the end of each day we have constantly to confess — 'Lord, I have to-day been doing wicked deeds, I have been speaking wicked words, I have been indulging in wicked thoughts and feelings; I admit, Lord, that through Thy Spirit I might have been kept from all this wickednesss, but I have not been kept; Lord, forgive.' Those who use this kind of language do not really expect it to be ever other wise with them in this world. Their doctrine accords with the rhyme of the poet — ' ' My best is stained and dyed with sin, My all is nothing worth.' So long as this is the doctrine, what can be ex- pected but practice in accord therewith ? ' This age wants to see genuine righteousness in the Churches of God. Let us rise, and let our holy light shine before men, that they seeing it may be constrained to say ' these Christians are evidently the people of God, for they live holy lives.' Nothing will tell so powerfully upon the world as purity, righteousness, holiness in the lives of those who prof ess to be Christ's redeemed people. I am not contending for a fictitious, artificial holiness, nor yet for a judicial righteousness alone. I plead for the holiness of life which God imparts and makes inherent in our souls when we believe unto salvation. Just as strenuously do I plead for the holiness of life and thought, volition, emotion, and action, of which God will approve, and which He will accept as well-pleasing in His sight. I plead for the holiness in Christians which shows itself iu. diligence in work, in honourable dealing in business, in truthfulness of statement, in unsel fishness in the consideration of others. I plead for a holiness in the individual which takes hold of and uses for good and for God all the powers and faculties of the man, and all the powers and faculties of the woman. This is no dream of the imagination, nor figment of the mind, but it is the solid basis of all Christian life. ' Can this life of rightousness be lived ? A chorus of voices speaking out of the New Testa- ment answer— Yes. How ? The reply is by the perpetual use of that principle of faith which comes into actual existence at conversion. The same genuine heart-belief in Christ is re- quired for victory over sin as is required in order to obtain salvation. Until Christians learn to realize that God holds them responsible for the maintenance of a holy life, there is little likelihood of their avoiding 'the very appearance of evil.' We must have the right doctrine before we shall see the right practice. 'This age also wants to see the religion which is from Heaven possess the warm genialities of a life full of sunshine. The countenances of Christians in their most sacred moments have usually worn a sombre hue instead of the joyous smile. The Church has, I fear, failed to convince the world that Christ's religion is 'a thing of beauty,' and ' a joy for ever.' ' We confess with pain that the religious life of professing Christians has been seriously lacking as to those two essentials of a Christ -like life, purity and joy. And why? We answer because the doctrines which have prevailed on these points have been wrong. Instead of teaching Chris- tians that in Christ they are holy, they have been taught that they are altogether unholy, and that there is no soundness in them; instead of teaching them to expect that through Christ and by the power of faith they will overcome the world and Satan, they have been taught to expect that Satan and the world will assuredly overcome them; instead of teaching them to rejoice in believing that God will fulfil the request— ' Lead me not into temptation, but deliver me from the evil,' they have been taught to believe that they must yield to temptation and to sin many or several times a day. 'Is there a remedy for all this? Yes. What? This. Let Christians with hearty faith take as true the assertions of the New Testament as to what is necessarily true of them simply on the ground of their being regenerate believers. The full acceptance of the divine declarations with heart-faith will at once become the strongest of all spiritual forces in the soul to live both holily and joyfully unto the Lord. Then will be seen and realized in a manner and degree before unknown what a deep and glorious reality even in' this world is our union with Christ in God and our fellowship with God in Christ. Union with God in Christ is a fact of Christian standing which, as solid truth and reality, few seem ready to gaze at with steadiness, much less to touch and appropriate as their own. Because such factual truth is grand and wonderful it is none the less for us to accept, and to accept with purest and fullest delight. I should hail with almost passionate delight any combined movement among the various Churches of this province having for its object this definite aim, the elevation of the tone, character, and status of Christian life among us. But we cannot wait for such concerted action. Meanwhile let each of us according to our light, and each Church according to the degree of its light, humbly and boldly stand forth as witnesses for the truth that Christ lives in us, that we live in Him, that we do abide in His love and do walk in His light, and that daily and unceasingly 'we are more than conquerors through Him' who loved and loves us.' The Rev. J. M. Day moved— 'That the thanks of the Association be pre- sented to Mr. Mead for the address he has delivered, and that it be printed in Truth and Progress for next month.' The importance of the subject must have struck every one who had been a careful watcher of Church life in this country as well as in older lands. While he quite agreed with what Mr. Mead had advanced, the subject of greatest practical difficulty remained—' who is to make the creed, and in what degree is it to be accepted by the Churches?' For his own part he was thoroughly prepared to take this stand— that he utterly refused to receive any creed from any individual whatever or Church whatever except as it commended itself to his own judgment and conscience. (Applause.) Not that he meant to assert that creeds were unimportant, but he felt that the want of definite views of Christian practice was the cause of defective life and work, and nearly all the evils that affected Church life. It was apparent from Church history that creeds were made not merely to set forth certain truths, but to combat certain forms of error, and therefore the parti- cular forms ef creed must change with the parti- cular errors being combated at any time. While he should be glad if some one could suggest some plan by which doctrinal instruction could be brought more clearly before the minds of their Church members and Sunday scholars, he should be sorry to see the revival of some forms of catechisms; but he thought the time had come when they needed some declaration of doctrinal truth, as set forth in some of the older catechisms. The Rev. H. J. Lambert had great pleasure in seconding. There was no doubt that strength of life to a great extent depended upon prin- ciples of truth which they really believed. They seemed to be like the foundations cf a house. He did not mean the doctrines they held — doctrines were not always true — but the great truths that doctrines set forth, and they believed that they invariably worked out in their lives those truths that they be lieved. This address he thought almost filled up the link between the truths which doctrines taught and life. It was opportune, and he thought it showed the wisdom of the Com- mittee in askincr Mr. Mead to occudv the chair. As to Mr. Day's suggestion to have some formal method of teaching, it had been resolved at Norwood to introduce a catechism, and an order had gone for the catechism used by Mr. Spurgeon's Sunday-school teachers, believing that that would be as cheap a one — (laughter)— as well as an orthodox one as could be got. Mr. Shaw thought the lecture an admirable one, and he was glad for the sake of the deno- mination that it had been given. He thought that the practice of members visiting places of amusement should have been touched upon. He thought Christians should abstain from doing so. These places were where the world gathered together. Mr. D. Fowler, while he understood Mr. Mead to argue for definite doctrine, did not think he had any idea of adopting a written creed or catechism. He (Mr. Fowler) had been privileged to be well instructed in the West- minster Catechism— (laughter)— and he honestly said he never thought of the meaning of the catechism till he left school. He was not a friend of catechisms. In the Bible they had history, poetry, and parable; but it never struck the inspired writers to give them a catechism — (laughter) — and he thought that, showed a great deal of wisdom. (Laughter.) He was delighted with the address. He thought the views Mr. Mead had given them were more matured than they were two years ago. He was glad that Flinders-street had not sent home for Spurgeon's catechism yet. (Laughter and applause.) The Rev. J. Price said it was known to members of the denomination that there had been a great deal of searching after truth by ministers and others. They had confessed to having been brought into light which previously they had not possessed ; but he thought that some of them, in immaturity of view with respect to the great truths brought out that night, had, either through a want of full clearness of per- ception or under stress of argument, presented unwisely sometimes what they sincerely desired to impress without darkness and without confu- sion. Looking back he saw that there had been on his part a want of clearness of statement, and perhaps other brethren would confess to the same thing. Mr. Mead had brought before them the great and glorious doctrine of holiness. They had often been pressed in argument by the question, ' Can you live without sin?' and they had answered unwisely. But that was not the question at all. The real question was, 'Can Christ keep me from sinning?' (Hear, hear.) That was altogether another point. He had seen it put thus. If he could act in accordance with the will of God in one temptation, why not in another; if one minute, why not altogether? He saw that this was altogether wide of the great truth which they wanted to set forth. The great point was this. ' I am blessed with the immediate presence of the Lord in temptation. I feel conscious of it in my soul, I rest in Christ, I have teen baptized into hi3 death, I have the new life of righteousness. I take that as God's statement, I fly to Christ, I keep in that refuge, and Christ makes me victorious. And if Christ can give me victory, is it presumption to rest in settled peace, and know that He will always give the victory;'' He felt with Mr. Fowler that there was a maturity in the address that would commend itself to those who did not alto- gether agree with the views expressed. It gave him amazing joy to see this question kept con tinually before the public. He knew that Christ was his Saviour, not simply from hell, but in every circumstance of life. (Applause.) The Rev. D. Badger, in expressing to Mr. Mead the thanks of the meeting, said he felt the great practical importance of the truth dwelt upon, and he had listened with exceeding pleasure to Mr. Fowler on the catechism ques- tion. It appeared to him that if a man had the Bible, he must have a creed— (Hear, hear)— and he needed no other. As far as catechisms were concerned, he had felt like Diogenes, who said to the King, 'Stand out between me and the sun.' (Applause and laughter.) The Rev. S. Mead, in reply, said hewas glad, he honestly confessed, for the opportunity of giving the address. He thanked Christ and thanked God for giving him the privilege of sending the truth contained in it throughout the length and breadth of the land. They had reason to know how others out of the Baptist denomination had hailed with gladness the stand that had been taken for that truth there— these friends were glad that they had not tried to compromise the truth, or to mince the matter in the least. Perhaps some time ago they did not stand in the full sunlight, but it was sunlight now. As to catechisms, he sided with Mr. Fowler in Mo. (Applause.) SUGGESTIONS RELATIVE TO RAISING FUNDS FOR THE ASSOCIATION. The Rev. W. Hack read a paper entitled as above. He opened by referring to what he con- sidered the unsatisfactory state of the country Churches, and gave the two following reasons for this condition:— First — 'The want or defi- ciency of spiritual-mindedness amongst Church members;'' and second— 'The pauper feeling spread more or less throughout Christendom, and so largely manifested in our own denomina- tion.' To remedy these evils he made the fol lowing suggestions: — ' 1st. It is the imperative duty of every Christian actively to support the cause of Christ, and therefore no Church should be admitted into the Association unless that Church be prepared actively and properly to support it; for if a Church refuses to do this it becomes a hindrance and a drag to the whole body. ' 2. Let every Church without a pastor adopt the envelope system existing in several of our Churches, or else appoint collectors who shall go round weekly, and gather funds from the members of their re- spective Churches and congregations. By adopting either of these systems the habit of regular giving week by week will be established and fostered, and the pauper spirit now prevalent will be undermined, and I trust eventually destroyed. ' 3rd. Let the members also of our denomina- tion scattered throughout the colony, and separated through position from fellowship with our Churches, be requested to assist in supporting the Association. '4. Any method for raising funds deemed by the Association to be advisable should be binding and compulsory upon the associated Churches who are supplied with preachers by it. ' 5. All funds raised by the Churches through the envelopes should be paid to the Treasurer in town, who would pay from the general fund the travelling expenses of the preachers. ' 6. No Church without a pastor connected with the Association should have, the right to make alterations or improvements connected with their place of worship, thereby incurring debt, without obtaining the consent of the Association Committee.' He concluded as follows:— 'It may be also said that propositions such as those laid down in this paper interfere with the freedom and inde- pendency of the Churches. To this I reply that a Christian joining any Church yields up volun- tarily a portion of his freedom and independency, for he becomes whilst a member of the Church liable and subject to the rules and discipline of that Church; and equally, I think, does a Church that voluntarily joins an Asso- ciation or Union surrender a portion of the liberty it previously possessed. It receives certain advantages, and therefore should be prepared to make certain concessions. If we wish to press forward boldly and rapidly we must have system in all our undertakings, for no system means no progress. Let us, brethren, undertake the work jof the Lord with more vigour than we have shown in the past, and certain is it that the Great Head of the Church our Master will bless our efforts.' The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved, and the Rev. J. Price seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Hack for his paper. In the course of the dis- cussion Mr. Hack's view as to the capabilities of country Churches was objected to by several speakers. The debate was on the motion of Mr. Fowler adjourned till next day. The meeting was then closed in the usual way. The programme for to-day is as follows: — 10.30 a.m., devotional meeting, when delegates of Churches are expected to be present; 11 a.m., business meeting, papers by the Revs. J. M. Day and W. O. Ashton; 2.30 p.m., annual reports and election of officers; 7.15 p.m., Com- munion service, address by Rev. S. Mead. 