SPIRITUALISM DEFENDED. ? TO 'THE EDITOB OF THE ABQUS. Sir,-I can quite believo that " J. S," is unable to realise the slight importance I attach to tho mental phenomena of spiritual- ism, and whilo I admire the thoroughness with which he has the courage of his opinions, I am amazed at the earnestnoss with which he champions what I must still regard as trivial and explicable phenomena. May I trespass upon your space so far as to bo allowed to reply to the somowhat mixed con- tents of the lotter in to-day's issuo (Jan, 4), paragraph by paragraph. "J. S." cannot understand tho process of reasoning by which I infer that the theory of spiritualism would fall if the physical pheno- mena were distinctly traced to natural causes, and he oaks if it could bo proved that the raising of Lazarus was a natural and not a miraculous event, would it prove that the transfiguration on the Mount was an optical delusion ? I certainly do not protend to see tho sequitur, but I say that as Christendom accepts both these narratives as miraculous, if one is discredited, the source of information regarding both being the same, it follows naturally that the other also falls. "J. S." affirms that he can adduce such evidenco of the occurrence and non- natural character of these phenomena as would be held sufficient to establish the fact of spiritual communication in any court of justice in tho world. This is an example of loose assertion that is not to be excused by any amount of enthusiasm, and cannot be passed oyor. The only ground upon which it can be explained is that "J. S." fancies he has some new facts that have been so overwhelmingly convincing to him, they must be so to any impartial tribunal. But he must be aware that tho report of tho com- mittee of the Dialectical Society, guarded as it is in its admissions, was carried by a small majority, and that the chairman, Dr. Ed- munds, and several leading members dissont from its conclusions altogether, and very stron gly. Yet the evidence placed before that committee was exhaustive, as far as the champions of spiritualism could make it so ; and was, if we may judge by the recorded minutes, as contradictory as irrelevant, and as inconsequential as it always has been. "J. S." is certainly wrong in fixing the onus probandi on the disbelievers in spiritual- ism. Any man or body of men who take up with theories of science, morals, or social economics, which are at variance with existent knowledge and practice, are bound when called upon to givo some account of the faith that is in thom, if they desire to retain the interest of their fellow-men, and not to be disregarded as lunatics. If, how- ever, tho explanation offered is so entiiely out of the plane of earthly knowledge-so dressed in a pretentious jargon of imitation scientific nomenclature-and so depondent for acceptance upon a tacit assent to dogmatic assertions boyond power of proof-then I say the inquirer has the right to demand that proof, and not to be put off by being told that he must disprove the reasons assigned by the spiritualist. Let me assure "J.S." that I did not ask the question about the antagonism of the churches with any air of triumph, unless in spiritualistic parlance a note of interrogation takes that offensive meaning. I asked a very plain question, which " J. S." has answered, in the Irish fashion, by asking another, the relevancy of which I do not grasp. I said that the high moral tone and the ordinary Chris- tian idea of the Supreme Being which the familiars of "J. S." appeared to cultivate should not necessarily provoke the antagonism of tho churches if that were the true spiritual theory But in two brief instances, when I might havo cited a hundred, I pointed out that this was not the general theory, but was peculiar to "J. S.;"a statement admittedly important to my conclusions, but ignored by him, He replies by asking me why Christi- anity was a stumbling-block to tho Jews and foolishness to the Greeks. If I tell him that it was because it was opposed to those pre- vailing forms of worship it in no way answers my question, since the theories advanced by "J. S." in his first letter wore not in oppo- sition to the religion which reasonable minds deduce from the New Testament. I think, however, the public discussion of this ques- tion would bo greatly advantaged if the theological aspect were kept in the back- ground ; it can be taken up at any time, whon the physical, mental, and ethical problems are interprefed, and we know that under orthodoxy itself tho odium tlieologlcum is a proverb. The statement of "J. S.," that all the greatest thinkers of the world have been under spiritual inspiration, is one generally accepted in a vague poetical sense, but when it becomes reduced to a formula, and I find "J. S." himself say moro than onco in his letter that he is not responsible for opinions advanced, but repeats what is told him by the spirits-replies to my questions in lan- guage of spirits-receives outlines of new sciences from the spirits, then I say that this is the lowest and most degrading form of materialistic spiritism I have yet heard of. Man is a more machino to be played upon by "higher intelligences," and all his noble faculties and glorious powers are dependont upon the class of spirit that takes possession of him ! Shakspeare owes nothing to his own brain, the inspiration was from without, and could have descended as well on any other suitable man! This is a deadening doctrino indeed, and if it should evor come to pass that the bulk of mankind can hold such a theory, society will putrefy in selfish and apathetic indifference. In America the spiritualists are great pro- gressionists, and are always preaching and advocating doctrines and theories rather in advance of the ago ; but in Australia, ac- cording to "J. S.," they have gone back to that horriblo and degrading "howling wilder- ness" business, which has always been such a trump card with the ultra-Calvinislic school of theology. Of all the base and senseless libels upon the beneficonce of our Great Creator, this denunciation of our present home as a human wilderness is the commonest and most typical of a sour and feeble mind. That it should be revived in these latter days in a land flowing with milk and honey, where want is all but unknown, where smiling homesteads dot a sunny landscape, and all the high and affectional emotions of our nature aro unchecked by anxiety about our temporal welfare, is marvellous in- deed, and if it could bo farmed upon the gene- ral intelligence of mankind, the spiritualists might well point to it as a miracle. But the common sense of humanity revolts from the idea, and takes no comfort from tho assur- ance of the "spirits" that they are striving to counteract theso normal depravities, and in proportion to their success aro rewarded in tho "spheres" ! Tho explanation offered by "J. S," anent the foreseeing of natural convulsions and "producing rain at will," is unsatisfactory. The "spirits" promised this power. Not "J. S.," but the "spirits" explain that they meant that rain could bo produced by plant- ing certain trees ! Does not every intelligent schoolboy know this? and does it bear the interpretation which the original quotation was intended to convey. Let " J. S." read, in the latest European Mail, what the planting of trees has done in this respect for the island of Ascension, and then he will see what an impertinence it was of the, "spirits" to make a pretence of mysterious revelation about such a widely-known natural fact; and he will obtain from the paragraph in question 'the information ho sought in vain from the " spirits"-an answer to the question, " What trees?'" I now come to the challenge which I gave to "J. S.,"and which I think the most pre- judiced spiritualist must admit he has not taken np. He says he has given one instance of knowledge spiritually communicated in respect to the evolution of the human race and he now adds another by stating that the outline of a science of anthropology has been communicated to him, and the method of study indicated, by which he is to prove the truth of tho principles laid down to him. ' Firstly, the theory of the evolution of the human race, as propounded by spiritualists I of the "J. S." school, is an utterly unprov able hypothesis, based upon the flickering re- miniscence of the Oriental motempsychosis, tempered and stripped of "its poetical imagery by the more precise treatment of Darwin. It is not necessarily of spiritualism, for in poetry it existed before the soul was recognised. It is not knowledgo, but bare conjecture, when once it gets beyond tho researches of Darwin ; and up to this time it certainly has had no beneficial influence on the " mental and moral progress of mankind." Secondly, the valuable anthropological hints which " J. S," has received do not admit of consideration until we know what they are. When ho has "proved the truth of the principles," and published them to the world, others will have to compare and col- late, and decide how far they are new, and how far of value as scientific illustrations and helps to knowledge. Am 1 to accept these two cases as the only ones which "J. S." is able to point out in support of his assertion that the "spirits" convey knowledge calculated to promote the mental and spiritual growth of mankind? If so, then indeed, to use his own words, "any discussion of spiritualist doctrines must be amero waste of time," and the gigantic results which are to revolutionise the world are dwarfed indeed. I have much to say in direct opposition to the spread of this pernicious- hallucination; but I am sure that investigation by competent men will soon put us on the right track to sweep it into tho limbo of witchcraft and other manias, so meanwhile I content myself with answering briefly the main points which "J. S." has adduced against me. Yours faithfully, ' H. G. S. Jan. 4. TO THE EDITOR Or THE AROUS. ' Sir,-There is no parallel between "J. S." pretending to receive communications in hi deadened brain and an eye-witness testifying to having seen the transfigured persons on tho Mount ; and he knows it. But I see no possible good to bo got out of reason- ing with a spiritualist who declares in as many words that "he does not feel any obligation to gratify the curiosity of the sceptical and unthinking by the produc- tion of proofs," while I think tho public generally are justified in feeling a little sore with a man who undertakes to defend spiritualism, and acknowledges at the very threshold that he is "in ignorance of the phenomena that require defending, and, therefore, declines to say a word about them," and isj " only an infant crying for the light. " An infant has no right to pass him- self off for a full-grown champion, though the confession accounts for the childlike simpli- city of ,his faith and the happy density of his logic; and I think it is rather a reflection on the maternal instincts of the higher intelligences, who, he says, " feed him, and are fed in turn by the archangels," that they did not use the spoon a little more assiduously before they sent him into the arena to fight their battles for them. For the rest, as I entertain a perfect Herod like horror of babies of all sizes, and tho- roughly endorse "Iago's" remark about the occupation of suckling fools, I beg to leave him to the tender solicitude of more genial opponents Uko "M. C," who has contrived to infer that because I own myself to be a rationalist, therefore I believe in the miracles of the New Testament, and have no right or claim to dispute those of Home, Guppy, &c.; In the company of such reasoners "J, S." ought to find himself thoroughly at his ease, and I Bhall watch with some interest and amusement the progress of a controversy in ! which both the combatants exhibit such an equal capacity for misconceiving the thing to bo controverted. Those who understand what rationalism means will not require to be reminded why a rationalist is utterly unable to reconcile the pretensions of spiritualism to his reason. The rationalist says, We have no experience of spirits, but we have experience of the existence of unknown physical forces which science has eventually discovered to us. It is therefore moro reasonable to believe that what the spir ualist attributes to the spirits, of which we an havo no conception, is really due to on°/bf these forces, which require no proof Ant h fac h^ uses against Mr. Home the well-known argu ment which another Home of a very different stomp, and who may be probably more familiar to "M. C." as Hume, employed against the advocates and fauteurs of the Scriptural miracles. This is the reasoning that has always commended itself to my mind when brought into contact with super naturalism in any shape, and I don't think any one who holds this reasoning is likely to be shaken from his position by a spiritualistic " infant crying for the light," or any other prodigy. Until "J. S." can give me more tangible proofs of the existence of a spirit than he has done, I must continue to believe as Betsy Prigg did of Mrs. Harris, tbat"" there aint no sicht a person." What he has related of his experiences with the higher intelligences are to mo easily referable to automatic brain action, and are really not half BO wonderful as some of the morbid psychological phenomenaoccurring in hysteria, somnambulism, and other derangements of the cerebro spinal sphere ; and nothing has helped to convince me more strongly that the explanation of tho thing lies somewhero about here than his own narrative about the rain and the trees. The spirits told him that the presence of certain trees would produce rain, but they 'declined to tell him what trees. The one fact was familiar to "J. S.," and his brain reflected it in its cataleptic or deadehed state. The other was outside of his conscious experience, and, therefore, could'not be "cerebrated," or, as he calls it, communicated to him in his unconscious state. I With this I wish him every success in his researches in the science of anthropology, and as I know no one in Victoria better qualified for a task requiring so much in- dustry and application, I havo little doubt that he will be able to give an entertaining lecture at the Town-hall before very long upon tho whole subject. These shadowy dis. eussions have a fascinating interest for alargo number of quiet peoplo, who, like "M. C," cannot tell a rationalist when they meet one ; but, for my part, I always feel when I am drawn into a controversy which has so very little to do with the business of real life, very much as JEneas must have felt when he stepped into Charon's boat, which the poet tells us carried away ghosts and spirits Jan. 0. APEMANTUS. "Messrs. Bagge and Taylor havo," says tho Bendigo Advertiser, "commenced to collect the materials foran exhaustive report on the present condition of the Bendigo Waterworks, which is to be submitted to the city council. The report will bo ready in about three "veeks. Amongst the many subjects to which their investigations will be directed is the method and the means whereby a regular and copious supply of water can be conducted from the mainsi to every part of the city, and also to the surrounding suburbs, such as Ironbark, Long Gully, New Chum, and other locali- ties." | The Ovens Spectator mentions :-" The body of Ellen Chute, whose husband is now in Beechworth Gaol, on committal for her murder, was on Thursday exhumed, at the Violettown- Cemetery, for the purpose of a further post-mortem examination by Dr, Hutchinson, of Wangaratta. This proceeding was rendered necessary to supply the missing link in the evidence as to the actual cause of death." 