PROMINENT TOPICS. THE SCARCITY OF WATER. IN these times of drought the persons who suffer least, or not at all, from a scarcity of water, are raining down complaints upon the Public Works Department. They might just as well blame the Government of the day for an appearance of rust in the crops, or for any other visitation whatever over which Providence alone has control. They are improving the occasion—not honestly, but ingeniously. Teil hungry men that Government is to blame for their want of bread, and there is a good prospect of a revolution; tell thirsty people that the Ministry are storing, wasting, or drinking tbe water, and they will be much inclined to believe it. Under such a privation it is natural to blame some one, and in all cases of the kind the paternal Government is very naturally blamed. If Government cannot prevent the misfortune, as a Government it should be able to do so, and for not doing so it must take the consequences. Thus do men reason upon such an emergency; and it is to such reasoning they are encouraged by people who know, quite as well as the Public Works Department itself, that the present administrators of affairs are not in any way responsible fortheinconvenienceat present experienced from a deficiency in the water supply. If, in accordance with an immemorial custom, some persons or other must be made answerable for the inconvenience to which the public is put, then the blame should fall upon the members of a Ministry which during the several years it was in office did not foresee the necessity for increasing the means of supplying tbecifcy and suburbs with water. If a person in such hot weather as we have had could be amused at anything, he must surely have enjoyed the vexation of innocent, or more likely mythical, correspondents who have been asking editors where the water which is so plentiful in cool weather goes to on hot days. Perhaps these sensible inquirers suspect that as most of the members of the present Administration do not help the brewers, they are monopolising the water for their own private consumption. If such a suspicion has not entered their minds it would become the Daily Telegraph to suggest it. Our own explanation of the matter must be very commonplace and brief. The extension of the pipes in all directions has reduced the pressure; in hot wfeatber tbe general consumption considerably in- creases, and in supplying the extraordinary demand at the lower levels nearly the whole pressure is expended. The people in the more distant and higher situations are then unavoidably without water till the demand on the low ground has diminished. There should be no occasion for the Water Supply Department to divide the city and suburbs into sections, and to supply or deny water to these in turn. There is no necessity, ordinarily, for taking such a course, and it is not desirable that to meet emergency cases of rare occurrence the Government should take it upon itself to arbitrarily violate the terms of its contract with the ratepayers. The latter at small expense can provide against the very unpleasant contingency of which they have had experience within the last few days, and this they should do without unprofitably grumbling, and thus adding to the vexation of their situation. PUBLIC BATHS. SOME time since there was a great flourish of trumpets by the friends of the City Council concerning the proposed baths on the banks of the Yarra. According to these gentlemen the much desired bathing accommodation was to be provided forthwith. Without the least doubt it was to be available for the summer of 1872. Half the summer has already passed, yet the contraction of the baths is not only not finished, but has not been begun. Surely the ratepayers of Melbourne are a good-natured and muchenduring people, or they would long since have called the Council to account for its negligence in this as well as in other matters calculated to promote the health and comfort of the citizens. At the best tof times the Council is a living example of how not to 1 do it, but now' that the energies (save the mark!) of some of its leading mfefedbeta ate devoted to bnyingout—with thferatejiayera* money—an old servant of the corpbir^tion, whose place it is thought a relation of an ex-mayor might comfortably filij the public interests are shamefullyneglected. As we are safethtas&r; fa® the practices of the Tammany ring fre should like to be assured for oUr greater: satisfaction that there is no danger of our suffering from nepotism of the worst kind. It is Certainly high time that the citizen^ paid 'sottie attention to the actions of the alBermfen and the city councillors^' Inthe matter of bathing accommodation the borough councils of East Collingwood and Richmond are quite as culpable as their metropolitan prototype. At a very trifling expense suitable bathing houses might be erected on the banks of the Yarra in these boroughs. The necessity for this may be seen any warm morning or evening by persons going up the river in a boat. At every turn numbers of men and boys will be met with enjoying a plunge in the water. The consequence is that it is impossible for ladies to joiu in boating excursions on the Upper Yarra during the summer mornings or evenings. Personal cleanliness should be encouraged by all means, but not at the expense of public decency. The Melbourne corporation and the suburban borough councils should take the matter in hand without delay, and instead of prohibiting bathing, should, by providing accommodation, encourage it at proper places and within reasonable restrictions. MR. MARSH, the THE British Consul at BRITISH CONSOL Fiji, aspires to higher AT FIJI. honour and greater power than he could possess as such a functionary in any part of the world where self-government had been constituted. The colonising whit* men of the island have raised it to the position of an independent kingdom, and placed the crown on the head of a native, thus assuring to the aboriginal inhabitants the protection and consideration to which they are justly entitled. But Mr. Marsh, playing off his little brief authority most fantastically will not recognise that sovereignty, but regards himself as the chief and only lawful authority amongst the British people who have become Fijian subjects. Instead of receiving a salute of guns when he attempted to forcibly board a vessel on the Fijian register, he was warned off at the muzzle end of a musket, and for that indignity, which he himself provoked and well deserved, he threatens the Government of Fiji with the vengeance and power of the British navy. He was, of course, as much at liberty to do that as to call spirits from the vasty deep. Tbe question in tbe one case is what it would be in the other—Will they come? We think not. For though the British Government had not acknowledged the new order of things, there can be no doubt but that the acknowledgment will come in due course. In any case, the Imperial Government having refused to have anything to do with the islands, could not consistently act as if it were opposed to a settled Government that had been established there as a matter of necessity. The Pall Mall Gazette said of the situation of affairs before the enterprising Australians made Thakombau king, and themselves his responsible ministers, at moderate salaries, just sufficient for the evil of the day — There is something almost touching in the friendless position of the Fiji Islands at the present time. They have been hawked about most persistently from one great Power to another, and the answer to each and every application has been in effect, "No child of mine." England treated the idea of a protectorate with scorn ; America calculated that she had enough to do with her own Indians; the Australian colonies, which are deeply interested in the establishment of a responsible Government 1 in this particular group, are quite unable to do anything except to recommend Great Britain to "annex" it; the only polite answer was obtained from Prince Bismarck, of all people in the world. Nearly eighteen months ago, in reply to the numerously signed petition, requesting that the Fiji Islands should be placed under the Prussian flag, he wrote a civil letter with his own hand to the leading merchant in Fiji, a North German, and' expressed his regret that the state of affairs in Europe prevented him from giving attention to Fiji just then, but he hinted no long time might elapse ere Prussia would be at liberty to act in the South Seas. Hitherto, however, Fiji 1 has benefited as little by Bismarck's politeness as by England's contemptuous silence. It is worth while to remem-, ber that there are between 3000 and 4000 of our countrymen now in Fiji, in the midst of 200.000 natives, and the number of new Settlers is increasing every'day. Under the circumstances above truly described there is no danger that a commander of one of Her Majesty's ships'will be found to either deny or resist the authority of the established Government of Fiji: If Mr. Marsh must assert his dignity, the only course left him wilt be to resign his official'position, and charge to the British Government the loss the State will thus sustain. TH£ articles aboutthe THE " Old Catholics,"JOR 1 OLD CATHOLICS, the |w Religious Movement in German^," Which 1 the Argus selected from: English papers in that spirit of fair plsyiand impartiality for whichitis noted, miisthaye, made some of our readers a little carious to know something more on- the subject. They could not have been satisfied'with the views of the Daily News on the matter ; they must have been a little cnrious to hear something on the other side of the question. Dollinger boasted that thousands of the clergy thought as he did on the question of infallibility, and the English press represented that large numbers of the most eminent and learned of the Catholic clergy of Germany aud Switzerland had identified themselves with tbe " Old Catholic" movement. If such a thing had occurred it could not in tbe least affect the Church or the Faith she expounded; but as our readers will observe, from the repliesof theTablet, thestatements are altogether devoid of truth. The first of these replies, entitled " Dollinger's Adherents," appeared in last week's Advocate, and it has opened the eyes of our readers to the fact that Dollinger's thou- Fands amount to 29 priests, all told! Tbe second reply appears this week, under the heading of " Dr. Dollinger's Thousands," &c.;, and this gives the characters of the chief men supporting that schismatic. After perusing this article our readers will think with us that if the German clergy had been subjected to a winnowing process the 29 could not possibly have escaped being expelled with the tares. The "Old Catholics," who must indeed be very odd sort of people, are welcome to the 29. The " Old Catholics" and their friends, for all that Catholics care, may be twice as loud as they are in their demonstrations of joy over the possession of the good and learned 29. To what length their exultation would go if they had got one solitary bishop it is hard to imagine. Dolinger was at first ashamed of his new allies, though why he should have been it is not easy to divine. He subsequently acted with more consistency by identifying himself with them. He would be nothing without them, and to be chief even amongst such men is better than nothing. The first step of the renegade clergymen amongst the " Old Catholics " is to be the promulgation of a decree sanctioning the marriage of priests. They are determined evidently to follow in the footsteps of the great " reformers " who preceded them. As we have been taught THE and believe, some of the HOLY FATHER, servants of God have had the gift of prophecy. And what there has been there may be again, under the same Almighty inspiration, for, though the age of miracles were passed, the power to work them remains. It is still in the hands of God, who works mighty changes through His Church, baffling the cunning, the power, and the calculations of men in the ways of His Divine Providence. Thus may light succeed darkness, when to human wisdom the change could not have been expected; thus might the strong man fall without warning, and thus might the weak and the power, less be raised up by agencies unforeseen. Into this train of thought we have been led by the following few words which we quote from the Tablet:—" The Holy Father continues perfectly well. His calm cheerfulness of manner keeps up the spirits of all that approach him. His assurance of approaching deliverance remains unshaken. The other day he said to a deputation of the Roman Society for Mutual Aid, who had come to him with an address, that already the aurora began to be seen. " Not," he . added, " the aurora borealis, but the aurora of the daybreak." The state of Europe would scarcely seem to justify the expectation. Disorder is threatened on all sides, and most persons are prepared to hear at any moment of a terrible convulsion in Europe, neither the duration nor the end of which could be foreseen. Every nationin Europe is preparing for war to the best of its financial abilities. Kings distrust their subjects, subjects their kings. The democracies are making common cause, and have agreed upon a common grievance. By organisation they are acquiring an overwhelming power, such as numbers, however great, could never attain to without unity of purpose and submission to authority. The principles upon which society rests were first set at nought by the rulers; their subjects are now following that ruinous example. The violations of public law and justice perpetrated by crowned heads have, demoralised their subjects, and the consequences in the iopinion of most people will be a frightful struggle between religion and tader at one side, impiety and disorder at the other. >But the Holy Father does not seem to apprehend <that it will be necessary for the members of . the Church to pass through such an ordeal. The independent previsions' orprophecies which have been •already verified, and which concur as to the future;' point to a terrible convulsion such as we naire indicated, but one Would 'judge froth the Pope's utterance that the opinion of his Holiness is that .the anticipated change, will not be preceded by the terrible events of; which others forewarn Christians. Of course it is allowed to every one to attach as much or as little importance to the predictions we have quoted in the Advocate as they may think proper. None of them have been accepted or even authenticated by the Church, hut on the other hand we recognise in the Vicar of Christ tbe highest spiritual authority on earth, and know that the light of the Holy Ghost is manifested through him. For these reasons many Catholics will attach extraordinary importance to the cheering words to which the Holy Father has given expression, and if happily they should soon come to pass, their verification will occasion much less surprise than joy. It will be seen from an A GERMAN extract from tbe Pall PROTECTORATE Mall Gazette, which ap- FOR FIJI. pears in another of our Prominent Topics, that the application of Fiji for a German protectorate was treated with consideration, though not at the time complied with. King William, who has since become Emperor, had his hands too full then of the war with France to undertake even a light responsibility in the South Pacific ; but it was evident from his reply to the offer from Fiji that he had no wish to finally reject it. Germany now aims at attaining to a strong, if not a' very powerful position, on the sea, and with that object is forming a navy. One of the first of her war vessels—the Nymphe —is now in our harbour, and it has been given out that she is to join other vessels of the service at some South Pacific island. There are wise people amongst us, or at least people who pretend to wisdom, who say that the mission of the Nymphe is to appear at Fiji in conjunction with others of his Imperial Majesty's small fleet in this part of the world, and that the commodore, after making that demonstration of force, will take possession of the islands on behalf of United Germany. The Argus of Wednesday thus spoke on the subject, half in seriousness, half in a different spirit, not wishing to commit itself to the opinions imputed to some imaginary person:— An idea that has been formerly expressed in regard to the supposed intention of the German Government to found a colony in South Seas has again obtained cnrrency in a very definite shape during the past day or two in connection with the visit of the Jtfymphe. Some of those persons who can always see very much further than other people see this plainly—the Nymphe is going to Fiji to join the Hertha, commanded by Commodore Kohler, sailing from Japan, and the Elizabeth, from Bio de Janeiro, when the squadron will have an effective force of 1200 men. Steps will then be taken to proclaim the authority of the Emperor Wilhelm, and to annex the dominions of King Cakobau to the German Empire, the position of his Majesty in the Imperial Council being probably a matter for subsequent arrangement. We ourselves have no hesitation in stating our belief that the original intention of the Nymphe's visit to these seas was to take possession of Fiji, if after inquiry on the Bubject it appeared that such a course would be an advantage to the empire. How the Nymphe will act under present circumstances must be a matter of doubt. It is unlikely that an attempt will be made to overthrow the state of thing? established in Fiji. Such a step, besides being high-handed and unjustifiable, might be followed by embarrassing consequences. 