THE HAUNTED LIGHTHOUSE. The old Captain looked curiously to wards the light house that the vessel was swiftly nearing. . "Come, Captain James, give us the story you promised — 'The Ghost of the Haunted Lighthouse.' They say you know all about it." 'I say,' replied the Captain, solemnly, to the group of loungers gathered round him on the deck — 'I say, many years ago, this very right. I saw there a sight that save me more of a fright than any thing I have seen or known, on water or on land ; and I believe it i« not possible for some poor wronged creatures to rest quiet, be their giaves dug on laud or their bones lying on the bottom of the ocean. You shall hear the whole story, gentle men, and deeide about it as you please. ' Many years ago this night I was walking in a certain street in yonder port. I had been shipped for Canton, and my vessel was to sail the next day. It was a dark, ugly-looking night, though no rain was then falling. I had been to say good bye to aome of my old friends, and was hurrying through one of the principal streets on the way to my lodging-place, when a group on one of the piers attracted my notice ; the time was unusually late. My curiosity being excited, I stood for a moment to see what was going on. Not being able to discover, I went nearer, and saw a party of four about getting into a row-boat that was fastened to tha steps that led to tbe water. Wondering where they were bound that dark night, I stood looking on, till one of the party, turning round, saw me, and instantly came to wards me. '' You ate lato.' he siid, in an angry, hurried way ; ' yoe have kept ux waiting a quarter of an hour, and might have seriously disturbed our business. Come, hurry on now, there's not a moment to lose.' '?? Yon mistake the person,' I replied. ' I know nothing of your movemonts. I was passing by, and merely stepped to see who was starting out this dark uight.' ' Ho came near me. « ? 1 tee— I see ; you are a sailor, and can doubtless handle an oar?' ' ? I can/ I answered, ' if I please to do so.' ?' ' Com', then, he added ; ' I have no time now for explanations. I engaged a man to row us to tbe lighthouso this evening ; he has failed to keep his engage ment. This party is expected there by a certain time. If you can supply the man's place I will pay you liberally.' ' ' Are you coining back to-night 7' I aaked; ' fur I must be on boatd early iu the m roing.' : ' ? You shell return to-night V be an swered, impatiently ; ' only hurry now — delay m»y be dangerous.' ?I looked at the daik eky, the. boat, and the lighthouse in tho distance, and I concluded to go. I stepped into the boat, I and the paaty descended. Tbe man who 1 bad engaged my services followed mo. bearing a w.-mui in hu arms, completed the party. Thn woman. 1 could not see in the dark ; she «eem«d wrapped from head to foot in a long, dark cloak and ; hood, that enveloped her head and features. Unconscious she must have been, for sho neither movod nor spoke as the boat shot off from the shore. 1 pulled the oars with my spokesman, and we moved towards tho lighthouse a very silent party. ? My curiosity gn'w stronger every moment. Whi was this party moving off at this strange time, and what was this f»tc, who now lny so quietly in that man's arms ? ?The wind thnt hnd been rismc no* blew fearfully. Great rollers dashed us up and down, and flashes of lightning showed tbe storm would soon be upon us. ' « Row f-r dear life ; get there before the storm bursts,' shouted my oarsman. ? I heard a murmur from the tnll, thin man. and as the lightning flashed upon him, I saw him repeatedly ens* himself; and also saw by his dre68 that he was a clergyman. ?On we danocd over the ligbt waves, but there came no sound from the mute figure in the youug man'* arms. A shudder, that no thunder, lightning, or sweeping wave would c.use, crept over me. I might be in tho prenenca of the dead. If she could only speak one word, scream, or stir. I should have been more ? ... . I.... o!Ln« ri«utMike »lie lav. while I, impelled by a nameless nervous dread, plied my oars with iucreased strength until wo reached the lighthouse. ? We were evidontly expected, for an old man. lantern in hand, w« leaning over the front balcony, and behind him in the door-way stood bis wife, an old woman. They were looking out for viaitors. As we were securing the boat with th* chain, a peal of thunder an nounoed the coming storm. At the moment that the tall young man- was get ting out of the boat, the sound soemed loud en ugh to wake the dead. - It touched the ear of 'he insensible, un conscious woman. She started, her h«»od fall back ; and she must have reoognised her o;«mpanions when consciousness re turned, for , she gave one piercing shriek, more dreadful in its distress thin the thunder's Voice. It startled and alarmed her companions, for they hurried her up the narrow steps mid through the door, which they closed,, leaving me outside, with every prospeot of being drenched to the skin. -: ??? ? .? 'The rain now came pouring down. I sto id at first' on tho tup step, and then climbed over into the small balcony, hoping to be more sheltered ; but theie was do m.ire protection there, and I indignantly re'urned to the door, to which I applied my h-mds and feet iu the strongest m-inr.or. I was not wanted within, that was evident, for no notice was t;iken of my demands for admittance; so I added shoots between the paurn-s of the thunder. Finnlly, I spi?d a tope hangiu-! just over my head. I seized it, and finding it communicate with the bell overhead, I pulled with might and main until the door opened, and one, of the men roughly atkod what I wanted. _ ? ? - Sihnltor fr.UQ tllO DC'lti 111? raid ' I answered, fiercely. ' You brought- me here; I cannot go haok, and theie it no reason why I shouldu't be protecUd within.' ''Certainly, no rea«nn why you should not. Shut the door I1,' called the old woman. ? ? . ? . ?????;- ' ? I obeyed the. order and found myae] in the midst of the strange party.'. -- ? ' My presence wa- embarrassing. I saw that instantly. My companions barred the dooi after I entered, us if other fues demanded entrance besides the wind and storm, . ?The olergymnn stood, with book 10 hand, leaning one ttrin on a low shelf The old wotn»n sat beside the youwg girl who had been with us in tbo bout, i now saw that she was both young and beautifu1, but her drep mourning dress made the paleness of her distressed face more pallid. Her eyes were beutun the floor, and her whole attitude sunk and drjected. The young man bent anxious ly over her. As I entered she raised her eyes imploringly to mine, and I invulan tnrily stepped forward ; but my «rm was violently seized by the man at the door He pulled me baok. '? 'Hush 1' whisprred he between his set teeth. ' This is no unlawful business. I am that girl's nuirdiao and unole ; that young man is her own vousin, Spoak but one word of interference and you are a lost man?' ' A pistol clickol ii* my car, and ibjugh no coward I was nilen*. «? « Daughter,' spoke the c'ergymai, ' we wish to use no harsh measured, nor would we go against your will. Have vou not been pledged attain and again to this young man T Have you oot promised this night to become his wilt, and wbydi you now hesitate »' ' ' Oh Heaven !' exolaimed the girl, ' it is true— it is, alas 1 too true.' ' ? Then why, daughter, delay now V be asked, persuasively. * Tbe young man caught her hand pjs* sionately and covered it with kisses. -? ' It is not true V he exclaimed, eagerly. ' ? Yes, yes,' she returned excitedly, ? -it is true; but bow was I brought to this place ? You have deceived me. 1 have been duped, trioked, and by you. Herbert.' She drew her hand away ? You, Herbert, hove joined in this de ception. I shall go mad. I am frantic. My brain seems on fire now. My poor, poor mother ! I see it all now — 1 under stand it all. Take my money — it id tbat you want — but let me return to my wronged mother. What aare I for fortune when love, hope, tiust, have nil been be trayed and departed ? Take it, but take roe only to roy mother !' ' She would have fallen with clasped bands at her lover's foot, but be caught her in hia arms and raised her up. She did not rosist. Hor woman's heart would still bavo clung there for rest, though faith had flown, as tbo wounded and bleeding hound crawls to liok the master's I band that gave the cruel blow. you should riot consent immediately. This scene is simply ridiculous. Theie is no time for such trapedy/ ?She turned ronnd and confronted him, then she looked at her lover with blended sorrow and love. ' « There is no time for traRetly V She repeated, quietly. ? Do yon, Herbert, wish this marriage to tnke place this night under these eircumetancs* T ' ? I do, Mabel,' he answered, without hesitation. . . ? Heaven help us all, then !' she sain, quietly. ' 1 sh-uld like to be alonefor a few moments — only a few tioments ' Certainly / Our friend, Mrs. Rogers, will go above with you. Think ii is all light ; it will be for the best in the end. ? She made no reply, but followed Mrs. Rogers, who preceded her with tho light. As she left the room she turned her full face upon us. , , ' ?'You will see how calm and com posed 1 can become. I can lesiit no °'''rSht waved her band as she lef:. Her words mnde me uneasy. The. others were impressed by them, for the uncle said :????. ....... ... , ; --: ?. ; ?,. ,. ?♦ ? She always was a creature of strange moods; her father wos before her, aud she is bis own child.' _ ' ? I hope we do not seem very harsn ' asked the young man anxiously. - , ' A moment after Mrs. Rogers returned alone. -.?-,:? ,; , ?' « Poor thing 1' she muttered, ? lft her have her way a few minutes. Let her alone ; I'll go back for her.1 ? '?Young ro.n,' said the, uncle to me,, 'the rain is now over We Will shortly return to the city. Until then we d rather you wait ou'Sidc' ' ? He opened the door, and as there was no alternative I stepped out. Tho rain, as he said, was nearly over. The few last drippings of the showers came strag gling down, but the thunder wns growj ing, and the lightning came ic bright flashes. I loaned over the balcony, think ing ' indignantly, 'f -he stratige. wicked scheme I hud .'unintentionally witnessed, and tunning over in my. mind hopeless plans for rescuing the poor gnl from theiri. : , ''? . ? I stood leaning over the haloony; as 1 said, my eyes resting on the rocks below, upon which the.-.. lighthouse wns built, when, in » pause between the thuuder inutten, a n»i«e above made me turn anil lo.ik up. A similar baloony projeotr-d from the second story of the buildinp; a door or window opened upon it. I had heard it opening, and soon saw plainly the young girl— her bead was uncovered ? landing on the narrow railing uf the balcony, and before thought or word came to my aid, I heard one long, wild scream, anrl over ehe plunged, striking the rocks below with a dull, crashing sound. I strained my eyrs striving to pierce through the surging water. I know 1 #»w her white skin, and fancied I saw the gleam of a white aim in tne waves, r heat upon the door futifusly. Without waiting a seoond I pulled a bell-rope de.perat.-ly, and when the door was opeuixl fear was stamped upon the faco bf/everyone in the group, when 1 ex claimed : ' -..-..' . . . ' ' ? You have driven her to death, bbo has thrown' herself from the halc,.ny, ami is now Heaven only knows where 1' '. 'The young nvin loaned^ against the do r in a'moment of weak despair. ' ?'. ' Come 1' commanded the uncle, * to the bout! Perhaps it is better thau we imagine.' ' ? ' ' . ?'.'? We two sprang into the boat, not WMiiiuK for the others. Naur thu spot where she had f .Hen someibiag attracted my attention. Our horrible search was ended. With '.other assistance : we *uc ceded in carryine.the body to the light house. A ratrk on her foiehead showed tb it death had been instantaoeous. : ?'!' She could nut have suffered,' said the uncle, bitterly.'; '?'????'?.? '?Had, she lived »he would have suffered mote,' bhiiI I. sternly, looking from one to another of the appalled group. :,'';';,. '.'. ' ; .' '?-; -''?'-. ' ? Prrpararations were made for return ing to the city, but I was an obstacle they knew not how to disp se of. The priests and uncles bid several whispered consultations. Filially tbe uncle turned to me : ... .... . ?' ' Young m .n, you have seen to-night what appears to you inysteriou' nod un just. If you knew the history and circumstance* of ibis young girl y»u would pity her, but exonerate us for all blame. Her death in unfortunate, very, for m«re reasons than one; but we are guiltless. We now return to tbe city, but we cannot take you with u«.' ?? ? I hud your word,' I said, angrily. ? Wbat am I to d-- ? My ship leaves port to-morrow; -ou have brought me here ; how am 1 to return ?' *' ? Everv vessel going out sends a boat here,' he answered. ' There mil be no difiioulty about you gaining your ship ; but, I give you fair warning, if you insist up -n returning with us, the chances of your doing so ure against you.' ? I knew 1 was in the power of a bad, determined man. Iuwardly raging, but quickly I said : ' ' 1 will stay, but we shall see each other again. You shall hear of me, sir.' ? He gave me no answer, t-nd tbe boat, with its sad freight, moved slowly off le-iviug me with tbe old couple. 'The next day a boat touched at the light-house and I gained my ship, sailed fiom port to port, and six iears pasted away before 1 returned ; six yours from that very Bight, my ship oame is sight of that same lighthouse, and that's my story gentleman.' ? No, no, Captain 1 gives us the rest. I know there's more,' oried one breathless listener.' The Captain shook his head. ' Better leave it — better leave it, gentleman.' ' No, no, the rest— tbo ghost part,1 cried all. 1 Very well, then,' continued the Captain, reluctantly ; * but, in my j opinion, it's better untold. Six yeais from that night, as I was eomiug home, tbe same lighthouse hove in sight. It was a bright moonlight night, and when Li_Mg_-ik- ^-°— ^^?(ffiS.'iSPiaMmaSIiiis'iBiirii when »e cime nearer 1 leaned tny head nn my hand and puzz'ed. and well I might, over shat strange night of life. It seemed like a . drenin that time and ehange hnd obliterated ; but thore was the place before me, tbe steps where we landed, the door that 1 atlacted so vigorously. I 0 -uld not see if tho bell rope still swung before it ; but the baloony wa* still there, and I raised my eyes higher ; there wns the upper baloony and as I looked in a moment before my eyes there appoared Btaudine on the ri.ili«K. in bar dark tlrcss, with clasped hanils raised towards heaven, just us the lightning had revesled her to me six years before, the figure of thai same young girl. ? I expeced to hear her Bbrieks rcho ing in my ear ; I heard 'nothing, but saw her leap frantically from tho railing. She did not fall below. There »ai 110 splash nor sound as she leaped, . She vanished in the air, it soemed to me going neither above nor below. ? Upon it qiiiry, I. found the did couple both dead Mid' no clue have I :*ver obtained of that night's mystery ?.jT I hey ssid. the place was haunted. Well it might be.' . . ,- '';..?'.'; 