THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday evening two pieces were placed on the stage of the Royal The first was a pleasant little comedietta, entitled "Nine Points of the Law," the chief character being Mrs. Smylie, a charming widow, foil of nativi wit and with a magnificent talent for bam booziing. Her aunt has gone the way of al flesh, and left her in the possession of a delight ful residence and grounds, but through aom disagreement had inserted a codicil to her will revoking her bequest of the property to he niece, and one Ironside—a hard, gruff man become the rightful owner, and asserted hi claims. The widow's niece, Katie Haplesox has for a lover John Britton, a limb of the lan who offers to Iconduot the cause of his mother in-law, bnt our fair friend has a wholesom dread of the law end lawyers, and resolves t confront the enemy herself. Accordingly ah meets Ironside, and turns on Ut? -water at i great pressure, and softens the foundations o his resolution till he flies from the dangerli sees impending, acd sends his attorney, "Oun ninghame to renew the contest. Upon this to the heroine opens fresh batteries. She first having crammed for the occasion, astonishes hin by her legal knowledge and aiim^on^ and then leaving the dry points of the law, becomes lan guishing and sentimental,- fiQ the man of parch tnent,bewildered and conquered, proves *«m*l«?t to his trust, andOffers tsseU bis olientTi intertct When next the charmer meets the claimant shi exposes the perfidy of his lawyer, and plays oi her coquettish arts, appealiag frequently to he forlorn unprotected state so touchmgly that th< bid man is overcome, and-ailows herfo jremaii In the property till tiie end of the quarter. Sh contrives also to speak kindly of Ironside behini bis back, and to get her complimentary exprei isions repeated to him, tallinayat&te; of eostacy be ezeoates a deed, conveying oottage an( grounds to the irresistibla widow. There ii another personage who figures extensively i the play, and that is the a*mm*&*z_ free and easy voluble Kodomont Bollingstone, with a bound less futh inlis own powers over fsmaleaaseei tibilities. He makes despente lov? to th widow, conveying bis protestations inaometune gorgeous, waetimei grotesque, and alwsji «x travagant language. lie prof esses to havebeei a great traveUer, and tafia glibly «f Fiji, th Cannibal Inlands, MfiTieo, and .other wfli regions, where .men oarry their lives in then hands. His fibres fend illustrationsdrawarid coloring from this vanad experience, so tiuftbi lore speeches are a happy compound of Plun per. Jingle, Fenimore Cooper, sad a Sooth 8e Island missionary. Mrs. Smylie treats bin alternately with flirtation and banter, till he cannot make up his mind whether he is the bap pfert of men, or is simply a butt fortbe witanc .raillery of his admired one. At last she£? i coverathf mercenary, character of his snit, aw accepts the hand of old Ironeside. Mrs. CHad stane threw herself with abandon into the part : of the widow, and was equally amusing when in dulgingin raUleryat the expenseof£olUngstone humbugging poor old Ironside, orbewitching hii attorney. It was throughout a sprightly anc natural piece of acting, never marred by any' thing like mannerism, unless we except the pro nunciation of " kind" as " keyind." This mm proverbially cemmon an error on the stage thai itis passing strange any one wisnjnsjtbavoidiju appearance of staguwss can ever fall into such t mistaVn. _ Mn'MoOowan did justice to the part of Ironside, the matter- of-fact and .common' place claimant.. Mr. Garden was livery and amusing as Eollinggtone, ihongh sometima showing a want of suppleness, of voice and manner. He is too loud for wooing; the plead ings of a lover are. osuatly in more subdued and plaintive tones.- Mr. Garden, however, showed a fair appreciation of the humor of the text Miss Sutherland did duty as the niece, and Mrs. "Vernon appeared as Sarah Jane, the waiting-maid, whose principal duty was to curtsey, or ratherlbob absurdly. The attorneys were represented by Mr. Monro and Mr. Daniels. The piece passed off merrily, and called forth great laughter and applause. The "Corsicau Brothers" followed, Mr. Cardenre presenting the faro Francois tolerably, though his portraiture of Fabian scarcely gave the idea of the youthful Corsican with the bright ness and elasticity of mien and movement natural to one pursuing pleasure only «"«tig his native mountains. Both brothers had an unhappy time of it, bat their ™mmmw might properly Jtave been lit up with some rays of sun shine in the earlier passages of their shares in the drama. Mr. O'Brien was4oo heavy as Chateau Senaud. gay, fashionable, and self-possessed ibertines not being exactly in his line. In the final scenes he was more at home, and the com >at was well acted on both -aides. Hontgiron found a fair'representative in Mr. Anderson, ihongh he was too smiling when even the most nvoloos might have seen cause to be serious. Mr. Leonard acted the part of Martelli well enough, and Messrs. Daniels and MeGowan as Orlandi and Oolonna, Oorsioans settling their differences by the transfer of the white fowl, were diverting. Miss Cooper spoiled BmiEe ?elaaparre by being so badly up in her part. Mrs. UeQowan was quite lierself M her efforts to represent Madame dei Fnnchl. The three ladies io the ball saeimweis.sqneakKjank we snould be ?iMi^|«^ to h^gm not much like reality.. The piece was weU mounted, and the visions and real tragedies admirably exhibited, the dnel BOannil oniHnfr fnrtV, inimiam JTOilfi^f Mr. Monro acted the ghost with good effect. To-night "Lost in London," a play whioh has created an immense amaation elsewhere; will be produced. The spectacular arrangements for this drama are, we believe, on a great snale. and the plot and incidents are of a most radting character. Asthma and BBOHemxis etTeetaally ra> lieyed by the tue of Datnra Batata,for "in • most fearful attack of asthma, Lord Dunaany iad scarcely smoked the Datura VstaU for jnore than a minute or so, when the symptoms abated, and in ten minutes mare he w?s're lieved wonderfully. He told me he bad wed it for years with the moat perfect suoeeas. Oer tp'aly the inhalation had the most ""p"«l tflebt 1 erer witne?od.?-^-/>r/ J. McFeogk. **T have never known an instanee fa which relief was not obtained." — OoU. Alexander. Sold as tobacoo, in tans; cigars and cigarettes, in boxes; also, pastila for inhalation, by Savory b Moore, 143, New Bond-street. London, and all Chemists and Storekeepers. 