CHAPTER II Three years passed awayp algiost.l like a dream. Tliree .yearstof such, pure and perfect happiness to Doctor Bruce jind his wife as rarely gladdens ;this parth, No clouds' shadowbd their horizon, save such as were caused" by the presence ofifAunt Trammer, who, Hying near, Spited them frequently, -always briuj^g with her a litileoffer iDg in the shape of an acid .temper, just, as it were,lo. spice the stock of domestic comfort." " Time had forged a band '.knitting two lovftig hearts together yet pore closely/ Tiny feet went pattering all over the small household—^intruding unchecked even on the sancity of- the. docfcbr's study. Then books and pre moment to hear the little prattling vq'ice, and proud and Gloving , ey^s would gaze wistfully after, the-youug mother, chasing the truant, and bear ing him away that he might not "uis turb-1 papa.' - - — All. my,, readers,, of. course, will understand that Jittl'e ' Archie' was a wonderful gjiild^ith his, father's face, his another's loving disposition, and, as His own individual characteristic an unconquerable dislike of Aunt Jemima. . > It was he who did it. -Although the old lady ^ometimes came almost in an amiable'Mithe of mind, her teniper soui«dl&efbre;/she -left'; 'That child was too much/for her. He would not approach her—he would not ties her—he would, not let her nurse him. Overtures iu the way of toys he sternly resisted—ofleriugs of sweets he repelled W}th4isdaio2~ He cried at being in the room with her, arid if cmiedout becamp so impressed with a sense of his , mother's , danger alone with his enemy as to. cry to be taken back again. And then, owing to that young gentleman's obstinacy, Aunt Jemima's' face would gradually assume its most port^ntp,U|j ffp.wn. They say it t&fiefc; two to make a quarrel. But Miss Jemima was fin exception. When she put on her war paint, you were bound to get into hot water. She would argue with anybody upon any topic infche uiost'deterinined way. Nothing came amiss to her. She was prepared to ta e 'he parson- to task on. the orthodoxy ot his doctrine, or to combat the schoolmaster on his method of icxtractiiii; the -cube root; and a*s to poor Due tor Bruce, she so badgered hiptrpn the. treatment of his patients that lie was only restrained (the best of us are just a shade merce nary) by prudential I'easons from requesting her to take her departure. * I never did in all my life! Good ness dnly knows what we are coming tp,' and Aunt jemima's voice was full of high displeasure,, as she entered Mrs Bruce'a cheerful sitting room one fine suomer evening. ' Whatiis it, aunt ?' inquired Kate. ' What is the matter V ■ ■ • Matter enough. I declare it has . given me tjuifce a turn/ jjnd, sinking into the jJearest chair, "$he ©id 'lady corhmbnced vigorously fanning herself with iier handkerchief.'• - - Poor little Mi's Bruce was perplexed Although Miss Trammer s answer whs would be unheeded.fi)r a rather vague, past experience told her that. sRti "would expect to. bei^skcdj again: ■ 36 ' pray tell me what haB distuVbeu you, aunt?' hazarded Kate, after a. pause. ' Well, I declai-e, I never knew any thing like it. You know Tweak, the grocer, a mail I bail every confidence in—that I have dealt with for more' than fifteen years. I believed him to be a tradesman of really honest prin ciples—a little deficient in the quality * of-his •mustard, perhaps, but still a' conscie'ntiwtis man ; though I always did think his teas twopence a pound dearer than Tibbut's Yet we are none o£,us perfect.' and the old lady heaved stfchasigh for. the frailty'of human nature that she had to stop and reco: ver h(jr breath. ' Liirn grieved that Tweak should liave " Forfeited your good opinion. What has he done?! asked Mrs Bruce, pith ad appearance of lceen interest. Her-aunt's words had quite lifted a lg|d off the little woman's mind to mm that the fault was not at her door ller iirfpressioii had been^fchat little Archie was1 the ptfejideiv^ She had seen him tucked up in his little crib an hour ago ; but Jie might,have made a hostile demonstration from the windoWi orteveh hiiyefcome down in his little nightdress to defy Aunt Jemima upon the threshold. ' Why, he has done enoiigh,' snapped. ; Miss Trammer; ' hie lifts his shop full of Australian mutton. Nasty, filthj' mess!' ' Is that all?' queried her niece, repressing a smile with difficulty. . ' Yes. 'thiit's.all, You doti't seem to think much of it. But I do. I just walked into the shop,and told him my; 1 opinion of his conduct in ii ftsw words,' and directed.him to make out his bill. He was very civil—I must sny that for him. He said that he was sorry to lose my custom; but the' tin-meat,' : as he called it, was perfectly whole some in every way,and a great saving. Tin meat indeed ! Faugh!' with a ges ture of disgust. 1 Well, really, there is nothing the i matter with it,' said Mrs Bruce. We have had it once or twice. Archibald «ays that it is capital, and will be ! generally esteemed when people over j come their prejudice. He- considers it I a great boon to the age.' : ' An'd iVjrice age it is,' retorted ;tbc old' lady, *. whenlpeople eat' that kind of thing. How do you or any body else know ,\yhat-stuffit.is they put in the tins. I detest: these, new fancied *iiotio»s. Such things were never dreamt of in my. young ;days.' 'If you would just taste it once, you would think differently, I know.' ■ 1 Taste it I* echoe<l Miss Trammer, aghast at the idea. Taste ..it*—not,for anything. If anyone were to dare to offer-it to.iiie T should walk out of the house. I know it is nasty—and L, "don't mean to try. So there!' and the' ■old laoy drew herself up with the air1* of one nobly espousing a lofty princi ple, when the entrance of Dr, Bruce who had bgeri. 'Viaiting a patient, diverted the conversation. The sup-ier was laid, but just as 1 they- were sitting down Kate ran up stairs, fancying that she had heard the child cry • f Is any th i ng the matter, - dear ? cal led her husband. /'. ♦iNo; I shall -beyiovro in- aimoment.. Don't wait,' shp replied. «Well, I don't'think I will, for I had to snatch a hafsty dinner, and have been bustling about ever since.' Thedoptor drew . himself to the table, and lifted the cover. As he did so a subtle and savoury odour diffused itself around, which (for it was enough to tickle thjg^ otfa-itpry.' nerves: Qf any old lady not .averse to good living) brought quite a smile to the grimfface of Aunt Trammer. It was stew or hash of some sort, and the old lady appeared to relish a rather bountiful ■ helping of it. 'I don't know what it is,' said Dr. Bruce,' but it is by no means bad.' 'Very good indeed,'assented Miss Trainmer^ with her mouth full, captur ing with her fork a choice morsel,' playing truant behind a potato. ' It is deliciously tender,' ' How uiy dear,' cried the doctiDr, cheerily, as his wife entered tip room, ; "Th'e"banquet" awaits/your presence.' Ah! hem I Shakspere.' What was the matter.; with Mrs, Bruce? If some of, tho numerous apparitions mentioned _ by that . ba.rd ■ were there—if theuniriyited guest at. Macbeth's little supper party—tho ob-1; trusive visitants of Richard the Third, [ with the ghost of Hamlet's" father' thrown iu.hitd all made their appear-: ante together she could not have looked Juore.pa.ined and distressed. ' You.havegiven us something very nice here, -Katie,' said het'<1iusbarid. fancy it must be Austral—' but,, at this moment he catight hiii>&ife;'s eye, with such a world of uieanji6'r in it, 'that Is dexterously choke;}' off the sentience with a piece of bread. ' Poor Elate had no appetite, she could do nothing bjix trifle with her plate; and watch ^unt Trammer. ; That go'od,lady had heard nothing; she was too occupied. She finished her first helping—and a.: second—wis Jjtisti Ifiinitihg of S. tlnwf/av^®^L a'inbst extraordinary noise ".in .the . kitchen, arrested everyone's attention. i ' WhatcouZaitbel ^idpspu? .howfc—a stiarling kind of yetoW smothered bnrk;—it was all of'these—*nd J??ore. If was 'ij2»~» . i ab°u<b that. ^i^line^tfil^.JtoiyUn^S;, jyetye. >coioirig' Reaper,grpjfy^Jg t*fop4efi acconfipanied w-A,!?l#HfiaJlg«W of metAl, as^if-all the pots.and' Bauceparis were approaching in a mass. : ' ; * r ? What could it be? . I■■'= Witlione loud rftttiing clash; the [-door ^wag pushed open, and- there I entered a tin canister, a harmless, inof fensive looking article painted oTa dull ^ It^aiinl in an extra ordinary manner towards them—an animated tin,, .attended by nothing apparently, but its own discordant noise. * The liide'ous yelping,still continued., 'It Wemed. soniewhat .to :resetnble the" Voicc-"j of Aunt Trammer's favorite terrier, in the last stage of suffocation, and a close, inspection' revealed that unfortunate quadruped, with his head firmly fixed in the eariister making fra^tte^.efforts'tbJfree himself. . ' Oli- Vtoy dear(ioggie, my poor Snap,' cried A«nt Trammer as she rushed to the rescue..' \Vhenjust as she had extricated thfe unlucky animal, Bridget the fact6tuiai~of the kitcKeii ' made her appearance.' " __ 'I hope he ain't hurt, niMm,' she. said, With justthir slightest suspicion of a grin about the jcor tiers of her mou tli But it waru't my fault mum. I just put the tin by-arter I turned it out on the dish fpi; supper, and all of a aud den, I see Snap with his head fitted in it, howling awful. I never seed such a dog %,'Hpstrayly mutton,' ' For what i Australian mutton 1' shrieked Aunt Trammer. 'Do you mean to tell me,' pointing to the remains of the repast,' that, that is— ' '£me ' Hostrayly mutton, mum ? Yes mum answered ^ridget. (t k. Miss Trammer, drew herself up to her fullesthpightjand assumed a tixed and stony bearing. She looked at Dr Bruce, she Looked at Jier niece, at the table wMve a choice moreeistill linger; ed on her fork, and then at Bridget, with some vague intention of hurling it fork at tier.*' ;i ' Leave the 'too in,' she shouted/ or stay, fetch a candle'abd assist me; tfr get my things.' The old lady was mortally offended. It wai3 in vain for the doctor toi pro test that he did-not know it was preserved meat, or that she disliked it it was equally useless for, his wife to explain that she meant to tell her, and let her use her own judgment about trying it. A.11 their excuses^ Aunt jemima met with a cold, glassy stare —speaking ijot A word. . But when her wraps were adjusted.-as s]i4e passed.oiit at tiie door, she said with a snarl that disclosed the few' yellow te^th leftlier * l .haye to. congratulate' you both upon the success of your little-trick. I shall no£ forget it, and I will take care ! t1i|i%oa)/i^eiv do^ • K- ; rt>id wife ofd^gCTraSft'oinan ,*§top" to throw, the dust oft" her shoes against thein on the threshold. I . No. Shg^nly. paused toshake«ome loose dirt om-#t the well: worn goloshes, vvjthyut,w^fych,; in the finest weather, ' she neVer stirred abroad. 