NEW CHURCH AT CAMPBELL'S CREEK Yesterday afternoou there, was a groat gather ing of adherents and friends of the Church of England in Oampboll's Creek, on tho occasion of laying the foundation stone of a church about to be oroctod on a piece of grout'd directly opposite mo uuuiBiiow a aun. ino ceremony was por- formed by tlio Venerable Archdeacon Crawford assisted by tho Rovs. Croxton and Callugh of Saudhurst. The prayers usual to such occa sions having beon road, the Ven. Archdeacon spread somo mortar, and the stoDO being laid iu its placo thereon, ho Baid, "I hereby lay the foundation stone of a church hereafter to bo known as the The Church of tho Holy and Undivided Trinity, and I do so in the name of tho Futher, the Sou, and tlio Holy Ghost. Having given the stone throe raps with the hammer, lie declared tbe stone to -be well and truly laid. Tbe Rev. R. W. Croxton, of Sandhurst, then came forward and expressed his great pleasure at being present on tho occasion - of laying the foundation stono of a substantial structure wbicb was to tako tho place of the temporary building which they would remember was blown dowri some years ago. Churches, ho remarked were either a blessiug or a curse wherever they were established, according to whether those who sat under the 'sound of the gospel attended to its' ministrations or otherwise. He trusted that the now church now about to bo erected would prove to bo a source of benefit to the souls of all who attended there. He at some length congratulated the people of Campbell's Creek on the progress of tlieir efforts to estab lish a church, and trusted it would be carried on to a successful issue. He trusted every man und woman would use his or her- utmost exertions to make tho church a great success both iri a spiritual and material sense, but moro especially in tlio former. They should always remember that there was something greater to -ba: accomplished than the mere building of churches — there was the making progress in the divine life, and the seeking a high place in the kingdom of God. He . concluded a really .cloquont address by calling upon those present and tlie' members. of tbe-churcli, to forward the work' now commenced by giving of their sub stance to the..utmost. of their. power. The /Rev. J..C. AIaoCullaou, of St. Paul's Church/ Sandhurst;' then addressed those pre sent in a few well chosen words of congratula tion. He desired to impress on all that the ereotion of the' new church should be an evi dence of God's presence amongst them, and lie trusted that in it many souls would be brought to a saving kuowledge of the truth. . . : : / _ After a few words from Mr Warr, of Camp bells Creek;' f -iD'-. Tho Von. Archdeacon, who seemed to be mucb affected,- said it became his duty to address them, but would first /express ,liis thankfulness to, God for, 'having pertnittod bim' , to see 'the fouridatiori/stone laid of a/permanent church in Campteji's Creek.; That was riot tbe first time a Church1 of England had been erected in Camp- . boll's Crook ; years ago, when about half of his 'ministry had expired, a church had been built! but it was(dpne contrary to his advice, and was of a' ,yery, /temporary or perishable character. Tbe church bad suffered much in consequence, arid be bad worked hard to keep tlie congrega tion together, bill failed. In this he blamed the people, -of Campbell's Creek, but God had brought, good qiit of evil. . He then at consider able leog'tb dwelt on the duties of the adherents of the/church, and forcibly illustrated his argu ments 'from the objects "around— the rough stones outside, tlie hewn stones used in the building, the quarrying, the bringing together all the material .which was required to form the build ing and aptly compared them to the formation aud construction of the -Temple- of God in eternity. He trusted all would work together for the common good, and show by their hearty co- operation that they had an earnest zeal'irithe cause of Christ/ . i ; -. / ' A'colle'ction. was taken /up, arid; ;w)is" liberally responded to. . V/'/"/./;/- / .' . The ch/qir.then.sarig the' ,hymri :!fe, All people that ion , earth ;do' rwell," after ..\yliipli , the Arch- dcacd'ri pronounced / the -/benediction, arid the prqeeedirigs terminated.- _ .. 1 