PARLIAMENTARY MATTERS WORTH NOTING. I (From the Ghulburn EeraidJ I Two or three matters have ooourred in the Legislative Assembly during the past week that are not altogether unworthy of notioe. The first of these is the re- appearing on the estimates of increases in the salaries of the President of ths Legislative Oounoil and the Speaker of the Assembly. These in creases, especially that in the case of the President, appear year after year, are regu larly proposed by every ministry, and are regularly negauveu ny me Asaemoiy. now a little consideration will show that this is a positive contempt of the authority of parlia ment. The Lower House, as the custodian of the public purse, fixes upon a certain sum | as a sufficient remuneration for certain ser vices ; and unless the ministry is quite satis fied that this has been done without sufficient information or deliberation, the decision of the guardians of the people's rights ought to be respeoted. There would at first sight appear to be some foroe in Mr. Parkes's observation that the estimates for the legis lative departmsnts are prepared by the President and by the Speaker, and that the ministry do not fed called upoo to inter fere with them. Doubtless itisnotcon venient to arouse anything like antagonism in those who preside over one's deliberations, and who may now and then have to give a casting-vote on whioh may depend one's tenure of offioe ; but still we apprehend that Mr. Forster was right when he pointed out that a ministry was responsible for every, item in their estimates ; for it must be re membered that they not only submit the items to the consideration of the Assembly, but they move that the respeotive amounts be granted, and vote accordingly. On the. other hand there is a positive indelioaoy, whioh it is a matter for wonder has not struck the gentlemen concerned, in indi viduals proposing increases in their own. salaries, and tbat too after these increases have been under the consideration of parlia ment before and have been refused. The- better course then would be to fix by aot -of parliament and to withdraw from annual vote the salaries of the higher officers in ? connexion with the Legislative Council and Assembly. Another matter worthy of notioe was the principle involved in the asking in the sup plementary estimates for last year -for a grant of £210 each for certain distriot oourt registrars to make up the difference between £75 a year, which was all that the Assembly last session considered the services of these officers were worth, and £285 a year, at wbich rate these services appear to be valued by the past and present ministries. It seems strange how such different valuations should be arrived at with referenoe to the duties of an offioe about which there is little of mystery ; but we need not iu the present ' article stay to inquire whioh is the correct ? opinion. Our object here is to deal with the unconstitutional conduct of the past ministry and the not less unoonstitntional conduct of their successors. Parliament, aa the: guardians of the publio purse, having voted the smaller sum, it was clearly the dnty of the ministry, who are but the creatures of parliament, to have bowed to that decision, even though they thought it an erroneous one. We do not say that in the latter case they were to be precluded for ever from pro posing the higher amount ; but we do say that' they ought not to do so for the same year, and that they ought not to do so even for a~ subsequent year unless thoroughly certain not only that they were right, but that they ' could convert a majority of the Assembly to ? their views. But what did the late ministry do? They deliberately set themselves in opposition to the expressed will of their mas ters, and determined to have the larger amounts, it wonld almost seem whether : parliament liked or not ; and this not only for the coming year for which the estimates had to be prepared, but for the year for whioh they had been expressly refused, and tbis too without their having any bettor arguments to bring forward than they had 1 adduoed already, and whioh had already failed to oonvinoe the Assembly. Sir James Martin went further, and took a step bo; monstrous as almost to lead one to doubt his sanity. He wrote a letter to the gentle men whose salaries were in question, couohed in the following extraordinary terms:— With referenoe to the reoent reduotion by parlia ment of yonr salary as registrar of the distriot court of , I am direoted by the hon. attorney-general to state that he altogether disapproves of the redac tion, and intends to plaoe yonr salary on the next estimates at the rate proposed in the estimates just passed ; and to put on the supplementary estimates a sum to make up to yoa the difference between £76 and the sum of £285. And Sir J. Martin expeota [ both proposals to be carried in ooDseqnenoe of the I full and satisfactory explanation that will be pnt before the Hoase. Have the goodness to say whether you will continue to hold yonr offioe as registrar in this expectation. Thus the creature of parliament presumed to put on record his deliberate disapproval of the act of his masters; thus be pre supposes and — being Sir James Martin of oourse mistakes — what will be the derision of parliament as to the fullness and satis factory nature of the explanation that is to be adduced ; and thus, as the honorable the attorney-general put it, he becomes the means of causing several respectable gentlemen to be Btarved, like we suppose , unto the dear little Children in the Wood that we have all read of in our childhood. But while one wonders at the infatuation of the late ministry, one must, remember that Sir James Martin was its leading mind and that he has always been more remark able for desiring to have his own way than for desiring to do what is right. A great deal of firmness is a good thing when one's cause is right ; so occasionally this quality of Sir James's is a useful one; but a great deal of firmness is a bad thing when one's cause is wrong, bo occasionally this quality of Sir James's is a mischievous one. But the present ministry profess— if Sir James doeB not — to pay some respect to publio opinion, and they profess to have the greatest respect for constitutional usage. How then they can have undertaken to endorse tbe peculiarly stupid and unconsti tutional proceeding of Sir James Martin, one is utterly at a loss to conceive. It must be remembered that the government were not even in a position to make out such a case of mistaken action on the paft of par liament as would justify them in placing the amount on the estimates for the own ing year, for two ministries in euooeeeion have ignominiously foiled to convinoe two successive parliaments that there is any occasion for these officers to be paid at a higher rate than £75 per year. It would almost seem that the district oourt regis trars in virtue of their offioe possess .some extraordinary electro-biological powers which in their supreme wisdom or in their supw-, lative mercy towards the lowly and obscure, they refrain from exercising at the expense of any less exalted individuals than ministers of the crown. A third matter worthy of notioe is the reversal by the Assembly of the decision arrived at last session of appointing a per manent infantry force. We are inclined to think this reversal a wise one, and, without grudging the cost, to believe that the money wouiu do oener uui ont id incruamng toe. number and efficiency of Ihe artillery. Bat what strikes one as most important is the want of finality in the decisions of parlia ment. What was done last session is un done this; and what is done this session may be undone the session after. While with the case of the distriot oourt registrars before one, one must feel disposed to think that the enjoyment of power turns the brains of successive ministries, with the case of tbe permanent foroe before one, one oanecarcsly fed confidence in the consistency of thane whose votes ought to be a check aponths abase of ministerial powec. .i m:,'.,. | ' Mahomet. — We hold, then, that Mahomet I was, from the beginning to the end of his career, honestly convinced of the truth of his own mission. We hold aleo that, in a cer tain eenBe, at leaet in hie earlier years, his belief in his divine mission was not ill founded. Bnt we hold that he gradually fell away, and that he fell away mainly from not taking due pains to find out the real natnre of the Christian revelation. When the first downward step had been taken, the other steps of the downward coarse were easy. The prophet of truth and righteous ness, the asserter of the unity of Gl-od against the idols of the Kaaba, sank to the level of an earthly conqueror, extending the bounds of his dominion by the sword. He died while waging war to force his own imperfect system on those wno, atnia all the corrup tions of the Christianity of those days, still held truths which he had rejected and blas phemed. The real charge against Mahomet is, that after the gospel had been given to man, he fell back on the theology and morality of the law. And tbe effects of his life and teaching on the whole world at large have been in close analogy to his own per sonal career. In his own age and country he was the greatest of reformers — a reformer alike religious, moral, and political. He founded a nation, and he gave that nation a religion and a jurisprudence whioh were an unspeakable advance on anything which that nation had as yet accepted. He swept away idolatry ; he enforced the practice of a purer morality ; he lightened the yoke of the slave; he even raised the condition of the weaker sex. If be had done nothing but wipe away the frightful practice of burying female children alive, he would not have lived in vain in his own land in his own age. But when his system passed tbe borders of the land in which it was so great a reform, it beoame the greatest of curses to mankind. The main cause which has made tbe religion j of Mahomet exercise so blighting an influ ence on every land where it has been preachod, is because it is an imperfect sys tem standing in the way of one more perfect. Islam has in it just enough of good to hinder the reception of greater good. When Islam is preached to a tribe of savage heathens, its acceptance is in itself an un mixed blessing. But it is a blessing which cuts off all hope of the reception of a greater blessing ; the heathen, in hiB uttor darkness, is far more likely to accept the faith of Christ than the Mahometan in his state of half enlightenment. In all the lands where Islam has been preached, it has re gulated and softened many of the evils of earlier systems. But in regulating and softening them it has established them for ever. The New Testament nowhere forbids Blavery ; it can hardly be said to contain any direct prohibition of polygamy. Preached as the gospel was to subjects of the Roman empire, among whom a frightful licentious ness was rife, bat among whom legal poly gamy was unheard of, there was little need #a atila*r*A An cnKioftt 'Rltf it 1ft nlain that the principles of Christian purity would of themselves, without any direct precept, hinder polygamy from becoming the law of any Christian land. But Islam by the very fact of regulating and restraining the licence of its own native land, has made polygamy the abiding law of every Mahometan people. The gospel nowhere forbids slavery ; but it lays down precepts whose spirit is incon sistent with slavery, and which have after a long struggle succeeded in rooting out slavery from all European and from most Christian lands. But Islam, by the very fact of enforcing justice and mercy for the slave, has perpetuated the existence of slavery among all its disciples. Christianity, by giving no civil precepts, has remained capable of adapting itself to every form of government, to every state of society. — British Quarterly Review. John Bull. — A few days ago, a rather eccentric old fellow we had here, an English man called to see my brother, and met with an acquaintance, who, in tbe course of conversation, asked him how he liked Paris. ' To tell you a good deal in a few words,*' he answered, ' I don't like the climate.' ' No ! ' said his Mend ; ' why, we are in the midst of November, and have clear Drignt sunsnine, wnue a near irem nome that London is wrapped in its usual gloom and fog.' ' I am not one of those who find fault with that,' answered the old gentleman. ' It is the right thing at this time of the year ; and if they had a little more of it in this country it would be a good thing for them. Tou may depend upon it, that a reasonable degree of weight in the atmos phere steadies the brain, and that we Englishmen owe much of our solid good sense, onr respect for God, and His Majesty, and the laws of the land, to the — the — I'll call it the sedateness of oar climate. Now, I've been ten days in this country, and I should be sorry to stay in it ten more. For I notioe that the kind of thin, light, and Til even say flippant, sort of air you get here makes a man light-headed. It's like taking too much of our champagne wine — flimsy stuff, without body, that excites to folly, ana makes you feel ready for any sort of mad spree.' — Diary of Sir G. Jackson. The Valleys of Savoy.— In these little mountain valleys of Savoy the streams go rushing over granite rocks and through the green lights and gloom of the rustling banks. Here and there a mountain-ash burns above the spray, fir-trees shed their cones, flowers lie upon the moBS, strawberries spring up crimson and fragrant and scented with pine. On Sundays and saints' days the church bells come jangling from the Bteeple over head, and echo from rock to rock ; we have to raise our voices if we are wandering by the torrent and would be heard above the din of the bells and the water. Perhaps a peasant woman trudges past with heavy steps, and gravely looks at us from beneath her black frills, and greets ns with a good day. We can see the village and the steeple where the pine-trees divide, and high, higher still, the snowy line of dazzling crests silent upon the blue. But that is a region far away and out of reach. Down below the road travels on, and we along the road, through changing lights and soenes. The sense of these distant worlds, so near and and yet so unattainable, seems to make the shade of the pine-trees more gentle, and the horizons of tbe opal plains more distant and more lovely. I think it is this mystery un revealed, yet present to oar minds, that makes each plaoe so beautiful in these ice bound regions, and that seems to strike the solemn chord of the unknown to oome, with the aotual moment that prevadee all highest bwraty and emotion, and which, In some mysterious way, vibrates straight from oar hearts to nature, from our life to the great life round about us. — From Riquet a la Houppe, by MisB Thackeray. America Reviewed by a Satirist. — I Under the head As Others See Us, the New Tork Tribune pleasantly hoaxes its readers into for. a while accepting as the picture drawn of American society by a French traveller a description that indeed dots wonderfully fit the subject. Says tlie Tri bune : — Oa the matter of fashionable re- i ligion, our author is very plain-spoken. 'The Americans accept nominally the Christian religion ; but their real affections and homage are placed elsewhere ; a glass of liquor or a pipe of tobacco is oftener in tbeir thoughts than the sacred mysteries of tbeir faith. They bring their infants hand somely clothed to the font, but without any apparent motive or subsequent zeal for their salvation, .but while thus dull and blockish in matters of religion, they are extremely subtle and expert in all that concerns trade or profit.' As regards dress, our author asserts that the men are properly clothed, but the women are neither decent nor cleanly. 'They grease and stiffen their hair, inserting flowers and feathers in the nasty mass, and daub their faces with various earths and paints.' Of the treat ment of criminals lie says : — ' These bar barians delight in the torture of those con demned to die, the wretches being forced to look at the preparations for days beforehand. When the execution takes place it is made a kind of raree-show or holiday for the whole nation, and talked over with all its details of horror ia every family.' We bewail our dead, he says, ' with vehement and un seemly outcry, burying costly garments with them, and performing tbe ceremony of burial with the display of such wealth as we have, so that it is apparent, we believe, the rich stuffs and ornaments will give pleasure to the dead in the future world, so brutish and besotted are their opinions of God and His kingdom.' Men, ho asserts, are 'exceedingly unchaste, often keeping more than one wife, though unacknow ledged. '' There are certain among them who ' think it a hardship to be compelled to continue married to the same person for any length of timo.' There are certain jug glers also among these people, he says, who profess to recall the dead. But on turning to the next chapter we find it treats of can nibalism. Surely we reformed in that par ticular at least some centuries ago. And then comes the explanation : — ' We have been mistaken, it appears. The book is by Le Sieur de la Salle, and was printed in 1682, and it is not our fashionable society he is describing, but the man-eating savages of Iroquois. But the mistake was natural after all.' Foxes. — We make the subjoined extract from a lengthy and elaborate discussion of the fox, by Josh Billings : — ' The fox has no moral honesty, but he haz got a grate Bupply of politikal honesty. If another fox in his parish wants a phat goose, he will work to get the goose for him, and then mean tne meat an opn lroni tne outskirts ov the goose for pettifogging the case, and give him the bones, and tell his politikal friend, with a smile in the left corner of bis eye, that ' everything iz lovely and the gooBe hangs high.' Foxes comes out of the ground, but whether they are made ov dirt I kant sware with much certainty. They cum out of the ground through the instru mentality of a hole, but whether the hole begins at the surface and runs into the mountain, or whether it begins in the moun tain and runs tew the surface, don't make a kussed bit ov difference. But philosophers have argued about this hole bizlness for years. Some ov them say it runs in, and sum ov them are willing to be darned if it duz; and right here we can see the amazing difference between their logick and the logick ov the fox. While they stand fitei ng at the mouth of the hole, the fox iz stealing their ducks and gozlins. Foxes are like cunning men — they bave but few brains, and but a small place tew keep them in, 'but what few they have got are like angle- worms in hot water — fall of anxiety and mizery.' The District Schoolmaster. — There iz one thing in this basement world that I always look upon with mixed feelings of pity and respect. But there iz one man in this world to whom I always take of mi hat, and remain uncovered uutil he gets safely by, and that iz the diBtrikt schoolmaster. When I meet him, I look upon him as a master just returned from the stake, or on his way to be cooked. The distrikt school master ain't got a friend on the flat side ov the globe. The boys snowball him during recess, the gurls put water in his hardie, and the school committee make him wurk for half the money a bartender gets, and board him round the naborhood, where they giv him rye coffy sweetened with molasses tew drink, and codfish balls two or three times a day for his vittles. Don't talk to me about the pashunoe of the anshunt Jobe. Jobe had pretty plenty of biles all over him ; no doubt they were all of one breed. Evry yung one in a distrikt school is a bile ov a different breed, and each yung one needs a different kind of poultiss to get a good head on him. Enny man who has kep a distrikt school for ten years, and haz boarded around the naborhood, ought to be mager general, and have a penshun for the rest of his nateral days and a hoss and wagin to da hiz goin* around in. — Josh Billings. An Unfortunate Mjstake. —Perhaps the heartiest laugh during the Tichborne trial was produced by the attorney- general in the course of his speech. The learned counsel read a letter to the court and jury, written by the claimant under the name of Roger Charles Tichborne, to his ' dear mamma,'' the dowager. The reading was accompanied with comments, and was thus concluded : — 'And he finishes,' said the attorney-general, ' with this edifying piece of religion — ' God bless you, my dear mamma, and may our Holy Mother protect you ; ' and, although he possibly does not mean it, it reads * pro teot you from your affectionate son, B. 0. Tichborne.' ' Parental Dahteb fob Juvsmui Lo.vers. — A young man in New Tork was the victim of misplaced confidence a short time ago. He was particularly sweet on a very young lady, and called one evening, having previously paid her several visits. The girl's parents thinking both too yonng to begin to keep company with each other, gave a gentle hint to that effect— first by calling the girl out of the room and sending her to bed ; and, secondly, by the lady of the house bringing into the room a huge slice of bread I and butter, spread with jam, and saying to ' the youth, in her kindest manner, 'there, take this, and go home; it is a long way, and yoor mother will be anxious.' | Standing Umpibe at a Foot-baoe. — The occasion on which I felt, the difficulty and the delicacy of this position occurred to me one morning in the beginning of March. | When driving to cover on the turnpike-road ! between Birmingham and Bromsgrove, I : beheld before me at a certain celebrated level half-mile some two hundred or three hundred men, from whose boisterous de meanour and peculiar garb, although distin guished by much variety of detail, I inferred they were of active habits, and moving some what rapidly in the lower sphere of society. I had no desire to become intimate with them, aud fully intended to pass them un heeded; but I was frustrated. Forming across the road they summoned me to stop, enforcing their peremptory mandate by seizing my horse's head. Feeling that the odds in the event of a personal encounter were against me, I made a virtue of neces sity and pulled up. (surprised, but retain ing my natural politeness, I inquired the meaning of so uncivilised a proceeding. A gentleman in a fir cap enlightened me at once, ' whoy, 6ur, we have gotten a bit of a ra-ace 'twixt a Wolv'rampton mou and a Brum'agem mon, and want a humpire : the Wolv'rampton men won't have a Brum'a gem mon, and the Brum'agem men won't have a Wolv'rampton mon ; so we've 'greed to stop the first gen'leman as comes along the road ; and your the fust we've seed, and you'll have to do it.' ' It's all very fine,' I said; 'but it's out of my line altogether. I know nothing about such things, and fear I should not give satisfaction.' ' That be blowed,' said furry cap, ' any fool can tell who's fust.' 'Just so, my friend,' said I ; ' any fool can tell who's fust; but as I do | not at present set myself down in that cate gory, I may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity of the transaction, disappoint you.' 'None o' yer patter, guv'nor,' said a thin, white-faced fellow, who I fancied was from town. ' Stow that ! ' said half a dozen others ; ' you're right enough.' ' Zou ain't such a fool as you look.' 'You'll be right enough; you ain't got nothing on it, and there ain't toime to square yer now.' ' Out you come.' And amidst such flattering and encouraging remarks, I reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best. I took, or rather I was shoved into my post. 'It's a hundred yards' race,' said a gentleman who took upon himself the office of my instructor. 'A cove down yonder '11 fire n pistol ; and you've got to see who touches tbis 'ere string fust.' 'I understand,' said I ; ' I understand ; thank you very much.' ' The Brum'agem mon's got a red handkercher tied round his 'ed: the Wolv'rampton mon's got a blue 'un.' ' Ay, I see ; very good.' The pistol was fired, and off they went at a rattling hun dred yards' pace. ' Now blue ! ' ' Now red ! ' Now one's nose is half an inch first ; now the other's ; wriggle wriggle, bound, step out, wriggle wriggle again, and amid uproarious shouts and cries of ' Blue ! ' — ' Red ! red ! red ! ' — ' Blue ! blue ! ' the string was borne away, and the goal was passed. One was first, I am sure of that, but red and blue passing and repassing each other in quick succession dazzled me, and for my life I could not say which. Had I been a man of firmness by nature, or used to such affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on the instant ; but, alas ! I was neither. Conscientious withal, I took time to consider. We know what place is paved with good intentions, and I was thinking of it, and really meaning to be very just, when I was rudely roused by a push, and, ' now then ! — who's fust? ' from fifty voices, pro ceeding from as many bony jaws. ' Let me consider,' said 1. ' 0, it wants no con sidering.' ' Say red, or I'll fill yer eye up ! ' ' Blue, you fool ! say blue ! ' said a collier-looking man ; ' blue, or I'll crack yer nut ! ' and so on, till quite bewildered, I bethought myself to say, ' dead heat ! ' — bethought myself, I say, and luckily I did no more. They read it in my eye. ' None o' yer dead heats,' said about a hundred, ' or we'll kill yer ! None o' that, mind.' I tried to smile benignly on my persecutors, but fancy I looked very like a ghost, and should have abandoned myself to despair had I known how to set about it, when sud denly a voice, friendly, bnt unmusical, whispered gruffly in my ear, ' Mister — — ! I know you ; you know me — I'm Ben Terry. Say red — that's Brum'agem ; it's all right — there's 'nough on us 'ere to pull yer through it. Get in the middle on us, and say red.' I looked at my friend, and trusted him — I would have embraced him — but I had not time. So, following his ad vice, I got behind him, and shouted ' red ! ' with might and main. ' Red ! ' shouted Ben, echoing my decision in a most confirm atory tone. ' Red, you ? 1 Any on yer want anythink ? ' As I was hoisted into my vehicle, the little crowd was surging con siderably, and I thought I saw a fight or two, but having something else of more im portance on my mind, namely, my own safety, I drove away. Since that time I have avoided level half miles on my way to cover. — Bailey's Magazine. Edgar Mobtaba. — The following is an extract from a letter that appeared in the Roman Times, dated Rome, April 2, 1872 . — 'Among the ecclesiastical personages made conspicuous by their absence this year from the feasts and fasts of the Church in Rome is * the yonng Mortara,' who formerly divided with the Pope the attention of foreign visitors on the occasion of a grand procession at St. Peter's. Perhaps it is not generally known that he was sent out of Italy soon, after the oooupation of Rome by the Italian troops, and, after remaining a short time in Belginm, left Enrope for Australia, via the United States. He is now a man and a priest, and, obedient to the long course of training which he has received at the hands of his teachers, he voluntarily refuses all communication with his Jewish parents. Immediately on tbe establishment of Viotor Emmanuel as ruler of Rome, the father of the young Mortara hastened hither, and endeavoured to obtain an interview with his son; bat his request was denied, the yonth himself sending him word that henoe forth he acknowledged neither father nor mother, -nor any earthly tie. Still the old man lingered, and watched in hopes to see his child, and at last he met him in the street in a prooession of yonng priests, and spoke to him. The son vouchsafed to return his greeting, and then they parted, probably never to meet again.' A Faithlk88 Wife Shot bt Her Jkal oub Husbasd. — Charles Avery of Pleasant ville, on the Harlem railroad, shot and fatally wounded his wife Tryphenia Ann, on : Monday night, about a mile from die depot. Mr. Avery keeps an eating-house at the depot, and was married eight years ago. He lived happily with his wife until within two years. A difficulty then arose about one Clinton Odell, who, Mr. Avery says, often went to his house during his absence. On several occasions, it is said, Odell made pre sents to Mrs. Avery, such as money, dresses, a sewing-machihp, &c.; Suoh attention ex cited the ire of Mr. Avery, and in August last the quarrel culminated, and Mrs. Avery left home one day while Mr. Avery was at tending to his restaurant. When be returned he found the house locked up, and crawled in at the window. After the separation Mrs. Avery supported herself by working for neighbours' families. Mr. Avery broke up his home, and his mother took care of his little girl and a boy whom Mrs. Avery had left in her care. Mr. Avery told a Sun re porter yesterday that he had frequently seen his wife walking the streets with Odell after she abandoned him, but that he never inter fered. Mr. Avery's mother had a fall a few days ago, and is unable to take proper care of her grandchildren. On Monday evening Mr. Avery says he was going home, and when about a mile out of the village he was overtaken by his wife, who had juBt stepped from a house where she had been washing. Avery asked whether she would go to his mother's and stay till she recovered and take care of the children. She replied, ' no.' Some allusion was made to Odell ; she ap plied an exasperating epithet to him and be drew a revolver and fired. The ball entered the cheek just below the eye, and cannot be found. Mrs. Avery BCreamed and started to run, and Avery fired again, the ball taking effect in her back. She fell and Avery ran away. A number of gentlemen, having been attracted by tbe screams and report of the pistol, bore her unconscious to a neigh bouring house. Avery was overtaken. He confessed to the shooting. He was com mitted by Justice Win. Romer to the county gaol without bail. Dr. Fellows has probed tlie wounds and is unable to find the balls. He thinks Mrs. Avery's chances of recovery are very slight. Avery is about forty, served in the army during the war, and has a good reputation generally. He is partially para lysed on the left side, and walked with a cane. Only Survivoes. — We crossed the sand hills near the scene of the Indian mail rob bery and massacre of 1856, wherein the driver and conductor perished, and also all the passengers but one, it was supposed; but this must have been a mistake, for at dif ferent times afterwards on the Pacific coast I was personally acquainted with a hundred and thirty three or four people who were wounded during that massacre and barely escaped with their lives. There was no doubt of the truth of it — I had it from their own lips. One of these parties told me that he kept coming across arrow-heads in his system for nearly seven years after the massacre ; and another of them told me that he was stuck so literally full of arrows, that, after the Indians were gone, and he could rise up and examine himself, he could not restrain his tears, for his clothes were com pletely ruined. — From Roughing It, by Mark Twain. The Newspaper. —Upon his box the hackman sits and reads it, while his blan keted horses wait for the coming customer. In the cars the mechanic holds it, hastily running over its columns at tbiB his only time for reading. Even iu the ferry-boat the clerk and school-girl bend their heads, absorbed and well pleased. At places of amusement, before the curtain rises, the audienoe beguile the time by oonning its pages; and even early comers to church improve the minutes by perusing the Sunday school papers before the services begin. With these facts before us, who shall esti mate the influence, for good or evil, of the newspaper ? Who shall question the dignity of an editor's position, or measure his re sponsibilities ? A Mysterious Affaib. — A case which should receive the utmost publicity was dis posed of at the Melbourne city court on Friday last. A young woman went to a gentleman in Collins-street a few days ago, and informed him that she had been staying at a house of which she did not know the name, and that she had there got poison administered to her in tea. The gentleman took her to the hospital, and the surgeons there said that she did not exhibit any symptoms of poison. She was then taken to the watoh-house for shelter, and brought up the next morning, and remanded for the purpose of enabling inquiries to be made regarding her. Among other inquiries directed to be made was one as to the truth of a statement made by her that she had been staying for some time at Brighton in the house of a teacher or baker there, and that immediately before that she had come from Tasmania, where her parents were in good circumstances. Tbe girl was again brought up on Friday, and the only informa tion regarding her was that she had been staying at a house, No. 44, Stephen-street, aud that she had been there for a few days. She was examined by Dr. Mc Crea and another medical man, and pronounced in sane. The court thereupon ordered her to be sent to the YarraBend. The mysterious part of the affair is that after the lapse of three days no information is given as to the Brighton inquiries, and the public are pre sented with the strange Bpectacle of a girl j unknown, well dressed, and possessing a manner and style of conversation evidencing j a respectable training, disappearing from the bustle of eveiy-day life into the recesses of the Yarra Bend Asylum, without a soul to make inquiries after her. The fact is also a strange one that the police should not be able to have communication with Brighton during a period of three days. The girl must have respectable friends somewhere, and it is to be hoped that this notice may come under their observation. — Daily Tele graph. Tm; Permissive Bill. — At a time, says the Melbourne Argus, when many professed friends of liberalism are so ready at the demands of the clamorous sect of teetotallers to sacrifice the liberty of the individual to the easy-going _ con venience of society, it is very gratifying to meet with so outspoken and manly a defence of personal freedom as that made the other day in the House of Lords, in a debate on die Licensing Bill, by the Bishop of Peterborough (Dr. Magee). His lordship said, in wise and weighty words:— 'I en tirely agree with the noble lord who pre ceded me as to the mischief, and I would even say the absurdity, of the Permissive Bill. I believe such a bill would be socially mis chievous, end whet* most needed it would be the least operative. It prooeeded on this most vicious political principle — that the tyranny of a mere majority, not of repre sentative men, but counting merely from door to door, should govern any people.: I hold that it is the right of Englishmen to be governed by their representatives in par liament, and not by the haphazard majority from door-to-door canvassing. This is one of the dangers of all democracy ; it ignores the right and privileges of the minority as against the majority. I have a true abhor rence of the Permissive Bill, for, to put it in perhaps rather strong language, if I were given the choice — and this does seem the choice of the Permissive Bill — I should say it would be much better that England should be free than that England should be sober. That may seem a strong assertion coming from one of my profession, but I honestly would prefer freedom to sobriety, for with freedom we must eventually obtain sobriety ; but on the other hand we should lose both sobriety and freedom together.' Persian Fanatics. — Confraternities go in procession with a black flag and torches, every man with his shirt torn open, and beating himself with the right hand on the left shoulder in a kind of measured oadence to accompany a canticle in honour of the martyrs. These processions come and take post in the theatres where the Seyids are preaching. Still more noisy are the com panies of dancers, striking a kind of wooden castanets together, at one time in front of their breasts, at another time behind their heads, and marking time with music and dance to a dirge set up by the bystanders, in which the names of tlie Imams perpetually recur as a burden. Noisiest of all are the Berbers, men of a darker skin and another race, their feet and the upper part of thoir bodies naked, who carry, some of them tam bourines and cymbals, others iron chains and long needles. One of their race is said to have formerly derided the Imams in their affliction, and the Berbers now appear in expiation of that ciime. At first thoir music and their march proceed slowly together, but presently the music quickens, the chain and needle bearing Berbers move violently round, and begin to beat themselves with their chains and to prick their arms and cheeks with the needles— first gently, then with more vehemence ; till suddenly the music ceases, and all stops. — From a Persian Passion Play, in the Cornhill Magxzine. RELIGIOUS Conflict in Germany. — The English Churchman says the old Catholics have now authoritatively the support of the imperial government of Germany. There are being sown broadcast, 'within Germany, the seeds of a second reformation, milder and less distinct in character than the last, but not on that account undeserving of ob servation and sympathy. The old Catholics aim at a reconstitution of the Roman Catho lic church, consistently with national rights — a church the government of which shall be shared by the laity, and allied to modern culture and progress. On education, which lies at the root of the future of opinion, government, and law in Germany, the Papacy and the imperial government are in opposition ; on the power of the Papacy, by ecclesiastical censures, to touch the social status of tho citizen, there is antagonism ; and why ? Because ultramontanism is in- compatible with social freedom and the pur- poses of civil government. It is idle for ultramontanes to urge that we are mis- taken. The Prussian government is in con- flict with the Pope from no other cause, and it is no exaggeration to affirm that success in this warfare is quite as essential for the future welfare of Germany as that in which she recently triumphed. Better the French on the left bank of the Rhine, than Papal infallibility dominant in German schools and churches. A Mouse Affected with Smallpox. — The New York Standard says : — On Friday evening a lady entered the drug-store of Dr. Edward Lindridge, on Hudson Avenue, near Sands-street, Brooklyn, and placed a live mouse on the counter. The little animal had a very sore head, and the doctor was asked whether he knew what the matter was. He was also informed that it bad been brought from the tenement house, 156, Hudson Avenue, near York-street, where there have been several cases of smallpox. After examining tbe mouse he found that it waB covered with sores. He sprinkled some disinfecting powder over it, and in a short time it died. It waB then dissected, and clear case of smallpox in its worst form was revealed. The remains were inclosed in a glass jar, and are to be sent to the hospital for further examination, as it is believed to be the first case of the kind ever heard of. A London clergyman, who preached in a village where be had gone to epend the sum mer vacation, flattered the pride of the people by saying, 'I am satisfied that there are fewer wicked people in this village than in my net've city;' but cruelly added, ' simply because there are not so many in habitants in this village aB in my native city.' A country apothecary, not a little distin guished for bis impudenoe, in the hope of disooncerting a young clergyman whom he knew to be a man of singular modesty, asked bim, in the presence of a large com pany, at a public assembly, ' why did the patriarchs of old live to such an extreme age ? ' To which the clergyman replied : ' I suppose the ancient patriarchs took no physic.' 