ENGLISH NEWS. DR. LEICIIIIARDT'S EXPLORING TARTY. Tiio case of Grcotliam v. Milnes camo be fore tho Rolls Court on 25th November. Tho question raised by this petition was within what period tho death of a member of Dr. uQicuunriii. o exploring parry was presumed to havo occurred. The party left Sydney for the interior of Australia in February, iS-lS, with tho intention of traversing tho conti- nont. and have not since been hoard of. The testator died in February, 1850, having de- visod his real estate 111 trust for his nophows and nieces as tenants in common with a dis cretionary trust for sale, which was exercised hv tho t-ustoos in June. 1850. Arthur' Milnes Hentig, a member of tho exploring party, was one of tho testator's nephowB, and the share to which ho would, if living at tho testator's death, have been entitled, had been carried to a separate account in consequence of it being uncertain whother ho hail survived tho testator. Mr. Montaguo Cookson, for the personal representative of Hentig. contended that the probability was that Hentig, who was a strong healthy young man, survived tho testator. Tho learned counsel, in support of this view, re ferred to Chambers' E»cyclopa>d'a, where the results of subsequent expeditions are collooted showing that tho interior of Australia is by no means so inhospitable a place as is generally supposed, aud that travellers need not die of thirst, which is supposed to have been the fate of Leichliarilt's party. He read an affidavit by Hcntig's brother of a rumor which had reoontly reached Sydney that a white man, who is supposed to bo ono of tho Burvivors of Leichhardt's expedition, has been seen s'-niowhero in tho interior with a party of natives — after the death of tho testator. Mr. Higgins appeared for tho heir-at-law of Hentig, who would bo entitled if Ilentig survived the testator and died before tho convo- sion of tho property. Mr. \V. W. Cooper was for tho heir nt-iaw of tho testator, who would be entitled if Hentig diod before tho testator. The Master of tho Rolls said that tho inference he must draw from the established facts was that Hentig died within a yeir of the exploring party leaving Sydney, and that the heir-at-law of tho testator was theroforo entitled. IMPORTANT INSURANCE CASE. In tho Court of Queen's Bench tho Law Life Assuranoe S-oiety defended an aotion brought against them for nonpayment of a policy of assurance for £500. It seomod that tho plaintiff, Mr. O'Reardon, had got one O'Connoll, who was indebted to him, to in sure his life for the sum named, and to assign to him the policy ns security for the debt. O'Connell diod, and tho office refused to pay the money, alleging that O'Connell had con cealed material facts relative to his state ol health. Yesterday their counsel, Sir John Karslako, said that he should call evidence which would show that O'Connell had been refn-ed an insurauco on his life hy twelve or fourteen offices prior to his offeoting in surance with tho defendants. Mr. James, on the part of the plaintiff, then said that tho plaintiff was entirely ignorant of these facts, lio, therefore, with tho concurrence of his lordshin. would submit to a nonsuit. The Lord Chief Justice accordingly direotod a nonsuit, saying that ho was entirely of Mr. James' opinion. a welsh spiritist story. Wo have heard so much lately from tho spiritualists respecting the conveyance of corpulent persons through the air hy spirits, that an account given hy a correspondent of tho Western Mail of an incident which occurred a few days ago in the neighborhood of (lie peaceful little town of Crumlin does not excite the surprise which might havo boon felt in less enlightened times than these. Still the story is uncomfortable. It Beoms that an aged "haulier" or laborer, who lives at urocspainmen, was tno otner nignt awakened from his slumber by tho sound of a voioo. "John," said tho voice, "you must oome with mo." " Go thy way, and let me . alone to sleet ," was tho laborer's reply: "You must come," said the voico. " I will not — and . cannot," replied the laborer. ""You must come, and come will- ingly," rejoined tho voice, "other wiso I will toar theo to pieces." "You may depend I will not; I cannot. I don't know thee," exclaimed tho labourer in a rage, when suddenly tho voice was silent. But in a few seconds the la borer saw standing before him tho ghost of a fellow-laborer who some years ago worked with him on the Risca tramroad. He- now consented to accompany his deceased friend, who gave him the choice of being conveyed by "uchwynt"or "is wynt" — that is to say, either through tho air or along tho road. John said ho had nevor been through the air, but would not mind trying it. Tho two accordingly procoeded by air as far as Risca Bridg", a distance of seven miles by road, but only six by atmosphore. Here John was put down, and directed to throw into the Sirhowy River an old gun whioh had been concealed on the banks since tho time of the rebellion in Monmouthshire at the cloBe of 1839\. Having done this he was taken back en roulo " noli wynt," aud gently replaced on his bed of straw. The above statement, says tho writer, is generally believed in Crumlin, and many respectable tradesmen assert it to bo a fact. mr. sl'urcfon. From the Dundee Advertiser we learn that the following munificent offer has been mado to Mr. Spurgeon. Tho Rev. Dr. Stoughtop, of London, in the course of n sermon preached in Ward Chapel on Sunday fore noon, gavo a happy illustration of princoly lihorality— remarking at the same time that the princeliness of liberality did not arisefrom tho largoness of the sum given, but from the miritv of motivo that prompted the giver. Dr. Stoughton said thoy would remember that some years ago a lady called upon Mr. Spurgeon and presented him with nlnrgo sum of money — £20.000 he (Dr. Stoughton) thou&bt; was the amount — to found an Or- phanago for Boys. Tho institution was es tablished. and was now in good working order. "Some days ago," continued tho nn/sfnt "f mu> Mr. ffnnrrrnnn. and he fcold mo that tho same lady hod turned up again, and had offered liira a largo sum with avliioh to found an Orphanage' for Girls." There can be littlo doubt that Mr. Spurgeon will close, with the generous oiler. a domestic misfortune. At Clorkenwoll Police Station, on 28th November, Wm. Gardner, aged 38, described as a commission and mining agent, was charged on remand, before Mr. .Cooke, avith malting n false register of a child's birth at tho parish of Islington. Mr. Rickctts, soli oitor, attended for the prosecution, and Mr. Louis Lewis defended. Mr. Kickotts, in opening tho case, paid that tho facts were rather peculiar. The prisoner had been to Australia, but, bavine failed in buBincsB, he loft jfelbonrne for England, on 15th June, 1870, by the steamship Great Britain, Mrs. Bolton, tho wife of tho person who now pro secuted, and hor two ohildron were pasapn- gors by tho samo ship, her husband remaining in Melbourne to transact certain business. He however, intended to follow his family as soon as their arrival was reported to him. It was arranged that Mrs. Bolton should go to tho prosecutor's father, yvho resided at Iiorncastlc, Lincolnshire, and stay there until her husband's arrival. The Great Bri tain arrived at Live- pool 011 23rd August, 1870\. During tho voyage a Mr. Cooper, who was a passenger by the same ship, noticed what ho considered improper familiarities between Mrs. Bolton and tho prisoner, and although lie told tho latter that Mrs. Bjlton was a marri d woman, and that hor husband was in Australia, she and tho prisoner went to tho same hotel in Liverpool. They «f for wards came to London, and had since lived together as mau and wife, tho result being the birth of a male child. When the prose cutor came to England he found his wife living with the prisoner at Barnshury-road, Islington, and tho latter was given into ens- tody by him on tho chargo of stealing pro perty which his wife had brought with her to England. However, when the case came before tho magistrate, the prisoner's guilt was not proved, and ho was discharged. Sinco that time, the prosecutor, being anxious to asccrtaiu the date of tho birth of tho child, examined tho register, and found that it appeared that its birth (which occurred on Gth July, 1S70) had been registered hy tho prisoner, and it also appeared from the register that the child was the -legitimate offspring of the prisoner and Mary Ann Gardnor, his wife. That was entirely false, as the prisoner had deserted his wife, whose name was Elizabeth, and who had had no child for tliroo or four years past The pro- socutor was eilled, and corroborated tlm statement. In cross-examination by Mr. Lewis, ho stated that liis wife was now living in tho same house a3 himself, but was not cohabiting with hiin. Mrs. Stephens, of 5 , prosooutor'8 wife and tho prisoner took apartmenti in her house, and on Gth July, 1870, the former was delivered of a milo child. Mr. Couko committed the pi isoncr for trial. the empress eugenie— her jewels in pawn in london. Our readers will bo intcrcstc i in the fol lowing extinct from a lotter from a gentle man travelling in Europe : — Wo wont to Emanuel's. One of tho firm was at Torquay with us, and ho recognised us, and after some talk, I10 asked us if we would like to seo something nice, and he showed us all of Eugenie's jewels now there "up tho spout," probably nut all, but £50,000 worth. As he said, he coul.l cot take any more, ub she wished to realise on Ihem at onoe. They are all to be sold, but nre not generally shown now, r.s nobody is in town. Ho appears to know her well, and says that her entire property consists of about £150,000 worth of jewels, and some property in Spain, which she ianow there trying to soil. Tho lot that we saw covered a table 2 A x 3ift full, and then, as cases were opened, they were piled up in rather a reckless manner, in heaps, on this already covered table, Thore wero tiaras, necklaces, two largo anchors of diamonds, abnut 5in long ; lots of brooches— ono being a battel fly, tho body of lvhich avas a largo opal about 2in long, and tho avings set upon springs, and mado of diamonds, rubies, and emeralds. There avas a wonderful necklace of black pearls — the only one in existence — rach boing as large as a marrow fat pea ; also, an emerald cross, quite unique, tho emeralds being oblong, and sot edge to edge, nothing ; botavcen them, and about six iu the long part < of the cross, and ouo each side of the contre, \- to form tho arm ; this was about 4 tin long. ' Two earrings of diamonds, the purest, but each cut like a drop of water, and hung 1 pendant and swinging from tho small end. E. tells us that this is a wonderful pair, the ' stones match so well, but thoy must have been cut away terribly to assume tho present : shape, S-veral oarrings, all large diamonds, six diamond riugs — one a superb one worth 1 £400. I can hardly remember what else, 1 but just lots of astonishing things, and E. says at the end of November ho will tell Bomo editors, who will then see them, and it will not take mora than a week to sell them. stealing cargo. At the -Thames Police Court, on the 12th' November, Alfred Chew, a lighterman, aged twenty-nine, aud Mary Ann Chew, his wife, of the same age, were charged with stealing three trunks containing ladies' boots, value £100, the property of Mr. Otto Hartz. A person in the employ of the prosecutor said the boots were tho property of his employer, and had recently been exported' from Mayence, on tho Rhine, where his employer had a large -establishment for the manufac ture of boots, whioh I10 cxpor'cd from Eog- land to our Australian and other colonies. The witness was cross examined by Mr. Young, and ho said tho boots had not boen Bold by his principal, who imported them from Germany solely for importation to Australia. Three trunks, covered with canvas, had been lately imported into Eng land by way of Antwerp, in a ship called the Nestor, anil tho male prisoner conveyed tho three trunks in a barge to tho Bhip Aga memnon, bound to Australia. Tho trunks were shipped on hoard the Agamemnon in a great hurry by the male prisoner. A largo quantity of boots had been sold in the dis trict before the young woman went to the pawnbroker's shop, and it is believed that empty truuk3 only have boen put on board the Agamemnon. Tho owners of the Bhip had been applied to to tako out the cargo that three truoks might he searched, but thoy declined to do so on account of the great expense, anci me rime mas would oe occu pied by bucIi an operation. Mr. Young urged there was no proof that the four laira of boots traced to the prisoners had icon stolon or unlawfully obtained. Mr. Paget said tho boots, no doubt, camo ont of tho trunks, which had been opened and plundered. T'herewas no evidence to justify him in convicting the prisoners for unlawful possession of tho boots or to commit them for trial. This was another case of a robbery of goods in transit. He discharged the pri soners. 