THE MERCURY. ??.r- Ti-""^ir*iT ' ' ' T ? i ? ' ii 'i 11 --?"vy TUEsiDÁ Y MOUSING, FiSB. 13t 1872. \- < i-' The difforont Colonies may be said not to take kindly to responsible government, if wo may judge by their persistence in bringing represen uve institutions into contempt. Somo of the Colonies seem to bo in a chronic state of Ministerial crisis and political chango, while, perhaps with' the exception of Tasmania that has boon for somo years without the blessing of possessing a branch of Heu Majesty's Opposi- tion, good govornment appears to consist in getting the party in power out of office, and | tho party in Opposition into office. Victoria for Í a timo maintained, as a matter of principle, tho j supremacy of tho Assembly over the Council, | and having withdrawn from that after j Governor Daklino had been sacrificed on I the shrine of the People's Chambor, protection | and free trado had their champions ; and now protection is in the ascendant, having for its foster nurse Mr. Duffy, who, having done battle for free trade, seoured ooloo by allying himsolf with the defenders of protection; and thus we have a conglomerate Government under the solf-assumod title of tho Ministry of action, who hare latterly become a Ministry of banquets, as if, improving on the former style of law students eating their way to legal honours, they are to maintain themselves in office by gastronomic feats. Not so successful is Mr. Duwv's rival, the Premier of New South Wales who, having been taught by Mr. Duffy a lesson, if not in the primer, in English com- position, ia asserting his own importance by obstinately refusing the advice of his Parlia- ment and the dictates of common sense, and running the risk of losing offico for himself,and the important district of Riverina for the Colony. He has, contrary to constitutional propriety, dis- solved the Legislative Assembly, and it remains to be seen whether the result will not be that Sir James Martin has hoisted himself with his own petard. If we proceed a little farther northward, we find Queensland just got over a dead-lock ; not that there was any principle at ; stake, but because the Opposition would eject or humiliate the Ministry, while the latter would not quit offico, and would not gratify their opponents by any tendency towards conciliation. Having got that difficulty tided over in a manner j honourable of course to all parties, they have had time to look their financial condition in the j face. With Customs imports at the rate of | £2 lCs. 3d. per head of the population, ' they j have for the first time for many years a surplus, ' and amounting to £20,000. To continue and increase that surplus, they propose the consoli- dation of the public debt at a lower rate of in- terest. To getquitof that surplus, and prevent the recurrence of such an incident, for many years at any rate, the Opposition aro forcing on Govern- ment an extensive construction of railway works. But it is in South Australia that we find the most astonishingly quick succession of Ministerial changes! There are so many votes of want of confidence, direct or tantamount, in that Colony that the wonder is how business is got through at all. Changes of polioy bewilder, and adjourn- ments for consideration of policy, or to allow time for tho new holders of office making thein selvos acquainted with the financial condition of the Colony, swallow up so much of the time of Parliameut, that a real settling down to business would bo so unusual that neither Parlia- ment nor the Country could realize such a state of matters. South Australia has just gone through one of its fitful changes, and is evidently preparing for another. Having got a new Ministry, they refuse that new Ministry the usual adjournment; first, till the Ministers shall have explained their policy to consider and mature which is the usual object of such adjournment; and secondly,'having got that explanation, till the new Attorney-General, the leaderof the Legislative Assembly, purify himself from the odium of some charges brought against him which impugn his public and professional rectitude. The programme of the Ministers of South Australia as a whole is scarcely of much interest to tho othor Colonios. There is nothing new calling for remark. An Adolaide paper says :-" It embraces reference to no other measures than those which have beon before the public with more or less prominence for years, and it contains scarcely a single proposal which has not bean already exhaustively discussed both in Parliament and out of it." Railway construction ha9 the first place assigned it, but the merits of that quostion are, pnroly local. Borrowing an idea from Canada and the United States, tho establishment of State schools, supported by moderate fees, is to bo subsidized pirtly from the general ro venue, and partly from endowments of waste lands of the Crown. The children of parents unable to pay the cost are to bo gratuitously educated, and attendance will be compulsory within a fixed distance from a school. Tho mode proposed for dealing with the land question is that on which most interest will be centred from outside the Colony, and wo have at tho outset to express our dissent from the patchwork manner in which the new Ministry propose proceeding. We have so repeatedly expressed disapproval of Acts to amend Acts, that wo cannot but regret that, in a matter in which simplicity is of paramount importance, South Australia should propose to read one Act by the lightof another. Instead of consolidating the pre- sent lawB,and incorporating in the same Bill their amendments, tho Ministry propose to amend what ia known as Strangways' Act. The most important change, and probably that which will provoke most adverse criticism, is the proposal to ronder unnecessary personal residence, the principle of stringent cultivation and clauaos providing for substituted residence being intro- duced in place of the present personal residence clause; no indication, however, being given of the extent to which substituted residence will be allowed ; a minimum price of £1 per acre, with interest at the rate of 4 per cent., and deferred payments over a period not exceeding ten years constitute the terms on which the Crown Lands are to be parted with. This rate of interest has been avowedly fixed, because it was equal to what the Government paid for money borrowed to make roads and railways to convey the pro- duce of the purchasers. In both Houses Government anticipated any demand for giving credit without iuterest, by tho remark that if it wera alnndoned for the future it could not be insisted on in the case of those who had already purchased, as they would clamour for being put on an ( equal footing with recant purchasers, and it would be uselosa to romiud such that thoy wero only asked to fulfil the terms of their pur- chase. To forgivo past purchase» their interest would bo to sacrifice £200,000 annually, which tho Colony could not refuse to give aw.ty. All lands are to bo open for selection prior to the admission of cash purchases ; and lands that have boon opon for soloctiou for twelve months in ty then bo sold at auction. Tito I sonso of Parliament is to be taken as to selling by auction at a los3 prico lands that have boon twolvo months irpon for solootion at 20j. an aero. The aroa system is to bo done away with ; and in rogard to tho largo extent of lands that have passod tho hammer without boing sold, and that have nevor baan selected, it is proposed that aftor t'ioy have boen open for seleution for five years at 20a. an oore, they bo thereafter put up for salo by auction at 12s, Gd. por acra for cash or credit. It will bo observed that tho pries at which land is to be opon for seleotioi is statod at not loss than 2i)j an acre. Whether Govornmant aro to introduos a uniform prico, and if not, what moans are to be provided for fixing a classified price, is not statod. That the Ministry will be met by amendments innumerable is already evident, A Land Law suoh as tho Ministry of South Australia proposo will soarcely introduoe amend- ments that that Colony will aoaopt as compen- sation for what will be considered a retrograde policy. Residence is doomed the oardinal point of the present law. (substituted residonco, how- ever foncod in by cultivation clauses, will not moat the objection of those who dosiro to prevent tho oporation of land spooulators by placing tho working man on tho public lands. While there is ovory reason to compliment the polioe on the assiduity and efficiency with whioh thoy dis- charge thoir appointed duties, wo oannot but direct attention to tho erroneous ideas whioh appear to prevail at the Police Station on the question of the relative positions hold by the police and the public. The misconceptions on this head aro most clearly manifested in the absurd reticence the polioo offioers retain when appliod to by the Pross for information, ' a coursa of conduct whioh, under certain circum- stances, must bo most pornioious in it* results. The purpose of the polioe is to proteot the publio from fraud or injury, but instead of, doing; this, their ! iaduwroet retention from the Pre« of certain inform». tion occasionally exposes the publio to both loss and inconvenience. There is no ground tor complaint of their withholding information of a cbnraoter which cannot possibly affect the interests of the general public, for if a constablo drag» a drunken individual from six inches of water in the creek, or a mun is arrested for exercising bis pugilistic powers on the wife of hi» bosom, the representative of the Press is moat probably duly made acquainted with the startling intelligence. But if a man is arrested for having uttered certain forged bank notes, or having put into circulation spurious coin, or for the com- mission of almost any offeno with whioh ordinary minds would consider it advisable the publio should be made acquainted for their own protection, the police maintain a strict »¡louee. There are, no doubt, 'certain instances in which the furtherance of justice would require secreoy to bo obs-irrod for a time, and were the silence confined to cases of that oh arno tor, there would be no cause for complaint ; but such i» not the fact. On various occasions burglaries have been reported to the police, when, by making the publio acquainted with the particulars of the robbery, 'the police would have been materially assisted in dis- covering the proporty and arresting the perpetrators ; but, no, the publio interest wa» sacrificed to a love of that mysterious reticence which is supposed to envolopu all good and true police officers, and the I public have suffered in consequence. If the polico could only be brought to sea that there are certain occasions in which publicity would bo an assistance, and silence a clog, to satisfying the demands of juatico, we might sea a proper discretion exercised and the intorests of the public consulted by the supply of certain information to the Press ; but while the polioe regard the public as inveterate enemies, and not as those whoso interests they are employed to protect, wo must consent to suffer the injury and loss.which their absurd reticence almost of necessity entails under certain circumstances. The English Mail.-When the Telegraph Office was opened last night at 11 o'cloak for tho purpose of ascertaining the arrival or otherwise of the English mail at Adelaido, the answer was " no sign." Impouts ano Expoi'.ts.-The total value of the imports at Hobart Town for the year 1871 was £148, 990 and of iho exports £337,036. for the year 1870 the imports at Hobart Town amounted to £101,700 and tho exports to £346;fi04, consequently the im- ports for the past year show an iucroasc amounting to £44,235 and the exports an increase of £40,óó2. Benefit Concert.-The benefit conoert given last night,under the patronage of His Worship the Mayor and the Aldermen of Hobart Town in the Odd Fellows' Hall, to Mr. J. Harris, passed off most suc- cessfully in all respec's. The hall was well filled in all parts, and the Amatour Christy Minstrels who, assisted by the Working Men a Club band, gave the entertainment, hadpreparedan attractive programme, which was ably rendered. The selections by the band, and the overture and choruses by the minstrels, were very favourably received. Some of the jokes were rather stale, but others proved that original wit is by no means wanting amongst the amateurs, who were very happy in soma of their local " hits." The song " Dells Mahone " was given with good tueto, und encores were'aocorded to the "Dream of homo," " Pull together, boys "-a song nlluding to the recent champion gig race-"Ella Lee&o;," " Writo ino a letter from'horne," "Tobias and Biancas," und " Happy be thy dreams." Tho favourite song, " Sunny days will ooma again," was also, in response to an oncore, given with much taste, and wurmly applauded. The other parts of the programme, in- cluding " Rooney's Blundors," and " We'll all skedaddle," wore of a mirth- provoking character, and were warmly applauded. The Japanese.-The Japanoso Troupo.who duiing the past fortnight have been giving a serins of attractive entertainmcts at the Thoatro Royal, made their farawell appearance yesterday evening boforo a large and appreciative audience. Tho ontortainmont was for the benefit of Miss Beresford who, as well as Mr. Margetts,gavo in good stylo a number of popular songs commanding repeated enoores. Tho ontortuin ment was further variod by the appo&rauco; of " tho Tasmanian Brothers,-" local amateurs, in a variety of acrobatio feats, which were sufficiently successful to draw forth reiterated plaudits. The troupe intend making a country tour, performing at tho principal towns on thuir w.iy to Launceston. To-night thoy appear at Now Norfolk, to-morrow at Croon Ponds, on Thursday at Oatlands, on Friday at Campbell Town, and on Saturday at Longford. Chick et.-A correspondent iuforma us that a crickot match between the Bellerive nnd St. George's Clubs resulted in the defeat of the former by two runs and five wickets. The olevenB were captained by li. Watson aud E. A. Jackson respectively. When and where tho match was ,pluyed is food for the iniagi nation. Benefit Concert.-This evening the members of the Catholic Literary Association are to give a grand concert at St. Peter's Hall for the benefit of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. John Lupton. The programme contains a number of popular selections. Queen Ponds.-A publio mooting to consider mat- ters of importance oonnootod with the Greon Ponds Races is to bo held at the Exchnnge Inn, Green Pond», to- morrow ovening, at 7 o'clock. Clarence Municipal Assessment Roll.-A Court of Special General Sessions will bo held at the Council Chambers, Clarence, on Thursday, tho 22nd instant, at 11 a.m., te hoar the appeals against the assessment roll. ' ' Insufficiently Stamped.-Letters posted yoster day insufficiently stampod:-Dr. John Cooper*, 150 Fulton-street, New York ; Mr. J. Godfrey, Dunk of Australasia, Sandhurst; air. Augustus Friedrich, Brewer, Simons Town, Cape of, Good Hope. News- paper : Miss Sarah Smith. Thb San Francisco Mail.-The Age says: " It i» sottlod that Messrs. Webb nndCo 'a boat», tho Nebraska, Nevada, and others of their lino, uro not to come on to tho Australian continent, but will make Auckland thoir final port on the routo from San Fran- cisco. An arrangement ha» been made in Sydney by Mr. Wobb, by which the A. S. N. Co.'a boats will convey tho maila to and from San Francisco batwoen Queensland and New South Walo» and Auckland. This arrangmont having boen effected, it is quite pos- sible that a subsidy to tho Webb line will bo gruuted in Sydney." Not Over Precisb.-The gentleman who as "JEglos" write» a couplo of columns orso wookly in tho-ansí» n lasia i, places before the roaders of th it journal, when he doo» condescend to notice Tasmania, queer accounts of what, according to him, is going on. Tho following is his latest effusion, showing that if ho would give his wit fair play, he should pay a visit to Tasmania, since the ordinary ohannol» of information »oom bejond his roach:-"Tasmnnians have boen blithe and gay. They have noted and raced-they havo dancod and flirtnd. In the exuberance of their spirit» and the heartiness of their hospitality they havo been ' going on anyhow.' There is, however, a , skeleton in the closet. The ghost in tha back parlour refuse» to bo laid. Tho position of the Launceston and Deloraine Railway is one which puzzlo» the whole financial ability of tho colony, and no one cm foresee tho final out-como of tho tangle It won't pay to carry on tha traffic, and the traffic can't bo stoppod. It nny have tho curious effect (for n railway line) of actually depopulating tho district through which it runs. I don't »upposo that n similar complication ever boforo arose Without being absolutely preoise, the general position is this : iTtiero is a special railway rate on tho lund» through which the Uno runs, amounting to 3s. Id. in tho pound. This is independent ol', and bayoud ordinary tax- ation. The traffic is carried on at a loss of about £10!) per week. It will neither pay to step the trains, nor to run them. If stopped, the income from tho special ruto censos ; if carried on thura will Boon bo nobody loft cither to pay tho rutoytravul on the line, or transmit produco over'it. Thb payers of the special rate are making olForts to got mut of this liability, but they am, in sailors' phraseology, * hard np in a clinch.' Perhaps Mr. O'shanassy (who is u great financial luminary, and has had somo experience of au unprofitable railwuy line) could, during bis visit, recreate himsolfby solving this little difficulty for the aorol v exercised Tasmanian»." A Canine IIeii'o.-A momorial fountain dosiirnod by Mr. Brodie, U.S.A., is about to bo elected in E linbnrgh, tit the cxponse of Baronoss Burdett Coutts, to commemorate tha story of "Grovfriurs Bobby." From an account given in the Seotimnn it seoms that the structure is to ba Bevon feat in height, and to bo worked out in a boautiful red granite obtained from Westmorland. This b «sin, standing only a fow inohes above the ground, is intended to afford a drinking plaoe for dogs. From its centro rises a cylindrical column of polished granite, 2ft. high and about 20in. in diamoter, terminating at tho top in a moulding on which rosta the prinoipal bisj of tho fountain. This is of circular shapo, and modollod after a well-known form of classioTase, its diameter being between 3ft. and 4ft. A sooond column, 18in. high und 12in. in diameter, rises out of the upper basin, und supports a bronze siting figure of Bobby, which forms the apex of thestruoture. On the lower column will be placed a bronze plata rooording tho wall-nscortainod facts of the dog's history, without fh-titious ombollishinonts, while tho upper column will boar also in bronze, tho arma of Baronoss Burdett Coutts, nnd those of tho City of Edinburgh, togothor with suitublo inscriptions. The sito spoken of for tho monument is the edgo of the pavement at the corner of Qoorge IV. Bridgn and Candlnmaker-row. Somo ignorant persons may be inolinad to ask, who is " Greyfriars Bobby, and what has he done to dossrvo these honours F Wo can only say in answor to these inquiries that every person who doos not know the history of "Greyfriars Bobby," ought to bo ashamed of himself." -rall Mall GiKttte. Ijy We aro requested to call attention to tho salo of wool nt the stores of Isaao Wright, Etq., by Roberts & Co,, this morning ; time, half-past IU sharp -[Advt.l The 128 Lovor Watoh, No. 13,580, purchased from Chas. P. Norton & Co., 88 Nassau-street, Now York, January 5th, has boon carriod hy mo over six months, with a total variation iu timo of only 28 seoonds, without the slightest regulating, and presents the same brilliancy of color as when pur. ohasod. . James R. Wilson, Seo, American S. M. | Co. N. Y. New York, July 30tb, 1879. JAdvt.] 