Government Gazette. TUESDAY, MAY 28. _ RESIGNATIONS.-It is notified that the undermen tioned gentlemen have resigned their seats in the Exe cutive Council, viz. :-The Hon. Joseph Docker, Esq., the Hon. John Bowie Wilson, Esq., and George Wil iam Lord, Esq. PUBLIC SCHOOLS.-His Excellency the Administrator of the Government directs it to he notified for general nformation, that, in accordance with the 22nd section of tho Public Schools Act of 1866, the undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed additional members of he Public School Boards in connection with tho Public schools established at tho places specified, viz. :-Wat on's Bay : Messrs. John Fullarton, Eobert Cork, Alex ander Coutts, David John Christison, Andrew William Jack, William May, Joseph Lewis Brown, William Harmer, and Matthew Silva. Gosforth : Messrs. WU liam Vile, Eobert Kay, und Walter Sparke. Wagga Wagga : Allen Bradley Morgan, Esq. Fishery Creek ¡ Messrs. Eobert Lindsay, and Thomas Callaghan. ^REGISTRATION.-It is hereby notified, in accordanc with the provisions of the Act for Registering Birth« Deaths, and Marriages (19 Victoria No. 34), that Mr. James Sydney Willard has been appointed assistant registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the district of Tambaroera, to_ be stationed at the township of Tambaroora-appointment to bear date from 1st June, 1872. A GHOST STORY.—As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying "Hie, hie." Young Donohoe stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, cooeyed, looked about for half-an-hour but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the Point some twenty years ago ; and our informant states that Mr. Peter Halbish, the former mail contrac- tor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels ; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time saw the figure of a man, which he hailed, but the phantom retreated to- wards the river and disappeared.—Hay Standard THE CONDEMNED CRIMINAL, BILLY WIDE BAY.—Our readers will remember that, at the last sit- tings of thc Assize Court at Tamworth, the last dread sentence of the law was pronounced by his Honor Judge Hargrave, on an aboriginal named Billy Wide Bay, for rape, near Narrabri. The case was a most revolting one, being committed without the slightest excuse or provo- cation, and the learned Judge in passing sentence, in- formed the prisoner that he need not have any hopes of a commutation of the penalty. We have been informed that the Executive Council has resolved to carry out the sentence on the 18th June, but the place of execution has not yet been determined upon. It is thought, how- ever, by some persons that the executiou will take place in Tamworth, but this we can hardly imagine, as there are no facilities for complying with the law. The gaol is a disgraceful wooden structure ; insecure to a most alarming extent, and certainly insufficiently enclosed to secure privacy. We trust that some repre- sentation may be made to the Government on this head, in order to induce it to have the execution performed elsewhere. The culprit is a rather good-looking abori- ginal, and, for his class, intelligent. He has been obedient and quiet since the sentence has been passed upon him, and seems resigned to his dreadful fate.— Tamworth Examiner. THE GOVERNOR OP QUEENSLAND.-A very injudicious attempt was mnde yesterday on the race course to elicit applause for Ids Excellency thc Governor. As tho Marquis drove up in front of thc Grand Stand Mr. Palmer, who ivas on thc Stand, took off his hat and called for " three rattling cheers for his Excellency the Governor," a languid response was made by some of tho occupants of thc Stand, but thc people on the course, ns soon as they realised what was going on, set up a " hoo ooh," which, in Queensland, does duty for thc groan of popular assemblages, and quitcextinguishcdtlieapplauso. Later in tho day, when his Excellency was leaving tho course, another attempt to cheer him was responded to moro quickly, because more readily understood, by a general groan, which rolled over thowholo course. Now, while recording these facts, we think it far from pleasant to do so, but there is no ono to blame for them but thosft who go out of their way to invite such exhibitions of feeling. We aro quito sure tho people would willingly lot hiß Excellency pnss in silence, and, as the Queen s representative, would show him respect in a formal wny. But, personally, ho is not at all popular, and when men like Mr. Palmor, who will not uudorstnua tho fooling of the people, provoko such demonstrations asthosowo have alluded to, they only uro to binnie, and tho Governor has little cause to thank them. Brisbane Colonist, May 25. 