OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our ownCorrespondent.) Adelaide, February 13. 1872. ? We are m a highly elated state, for one of tb$ P. and O. Company's steam packets is actually;to._enter our waters. Affairs have taken this turn thusly. When it was known that the Bangalore, with a supplementary mail for England, would leave Melbourne on .Friday next, our Government, with great, promptitude and intrepidity, conceived the idea,,of.sending the South Australian letters, and newspapers by the ordinary intercolonial ? steamboat to Port. Phillip, with a view to." . transshipment to the ocean steamer. It does.1 not - appear .that. any. negociation with the intercolonial steamboat proprietors tool^, " place, it being assumed that their vessel would, sail punctually on Tuesday. Fairly . > enough, Messrs. McMeikan and Blackwood ;. > fancied that they should receive an honora-~~'- > rium for this special service, and- paved the», r", '? way to an offer on the part of the authorities by declaring that for special reasons their boat, the Claud. Hamilton, could.not beTgot;v**7 ready before Thursday, of course too late to.v' be of the least use as a conveyance for the ^-' mails. The Government; however, declined,.", to nibble, and the deluded public were - hastily informed late on Saturday .that theirs- ? only chance of sending their despatches was;> -- by that night's overland maill The; intima-' tion did not tend very vastly to- the enlarge--'- 1 ment of the mails by that route,, anil a.good. ;." thing for us too, for it would have been ludicrous comment upon oi^r much-vaunteii geographical position to have had letters and..... papers circulating as the latest from South'' ? Australia which at the same-time bore a.-' a week's earlier date than the Melbourne -M deliveries.1 On-Monday- the-'Government,- f stimulated perhaps; to tardpSKtibfi: by the querulous remarks about their'want of fore*- -- thought ? freely indulged in: in mercantile circles, telegraphed to Melbourne proposing . . the postponement of the Bangalore's depar- ? ?? ? ture until Saturday," so as-.to give- the over - land route the benefit. The-agent of the-? P. . and O. Company at once; intimated that/ the steamer shoqjd call at Glenelg-if a sub sidy of JS250 was paid her, and the Govern ment, eager to retrieve their character, at once closed with the offer. vOn Saturday night, then, this grand steamer-one of. the' finest in the Company's fleet-will be plough ing her way over .the intercolonial course, which an enthusiastic- South Australian, asserts is as well lit as Rundle-street--per-'' haps he's not far from right/for the Corpo ration lamps are so far. apart as to be almost - out of sight of each, other- and on Sunday morning she expects to anchor off Glenelg. -The inhabitants of that rising village are all ^ . alive with expectation, and the oldest rest-" dents-are preparing a grand /welcome for the steamer. The Mayor, it is understood, is'to go off to shake the nautical paws of the captain, and, I suppose, pour into his sympathetic ear - the congratulations of the colonists done into address English. -I'm rather.sorry for Laee- . pede Bay-^ut perhaps if Mr. Cooke got up early on Friday morning and cruized about' in . his exaggerated mill , pond until late on Saturday night he might have the gratifica tion of seeing and- hailing the Bangalore. Should , he succeed in attracting her atten tion it would be impossible to resist the in vitation to come into his little bay. The only thing parliamentary about which there is anything to be said is the Attorney* General's case, and a regard for judicial rules makes one cautious about refering to it com prehensively. It is quite, like a revival of old times for the Moonta.case to bar the way of legislation. . The public had fondly hoped . that that unfortunate embroglio. was: finally settled, but from its ashes has sprung a host of charges which threaten to play havoc with the reputations of . certain people. I believe for the sake of peace as. much as from the weakness of the evidence, the Select Com mittee will give Mr. Boucaut a tolerably clean bill of health-rank him B2 perhaps : for a year or two, and then if he is careful he may come out of this mild, moral* quarantine with character entirely re-established. It will not do for. colonial-politicians to be too : hard on - each other. - They may have.their virtuous movements of antagonism but in the. long run a fellow, feeling must" make them wonderous- kind.. As-in ? another . instance , . recorded in history the ghosts of their own " peccadilloes .will frighten them..from their- ' quarry, and convicted of. their "own consci ences they, will quietly, drop the stones with which they intended to pelt their victims, and sneak away ignominously.- Would it not be a good thing to pass at the beginning or end of each year a Bill for the whitewash ing of political reputations. The animosity of one public man against another ought not to outlast the 31st December. By the way, the charge against Mr. Hughes, to which I' lately called your attention, is being formally let out of the bag, the pleasing duty of liberator devolving upon Mr. West, who,.ib is understood, will perform it con amore. A great revival seems to be at work amongst members,,and such a shaking amongst the dry bones has not been witnessed for a long time. It is not improbable that a general moral health committee will be appointed with power to sit during the recess, the final report to be brought up at the close of the century, or as soon after as a distinct charge . of any kind can be established against the character of each member.: In the Assembly this .afternoon Captain Hart gave wings to a new charge against the . Attorney-General relating to costs in the Northern Territory suit, which it is insinu ated have not been settled in an open and .. above-board way. His-question will come on in a day-or two. The motion proposed by Mr. West for particulars as to the pur chase of land in the hundreds of Brinkley and Grace by Mr. Henry Kent Hughes, was . carried with, surprising alacrity, ;the mover being cheated out of his speech by the promptitude with which the Speaker gave. the matter in charge to hon. members. An. impromptu discussion was then got up about the South-Eastern Rail way,and the Govern ment in the most solemn and deliberate manner pledged themselvesjto carry out the work, insinuations that tliere was an inten tion to burke it were met by. indignant . monosyllabic denials by Ministers, the " No" of the Commissioner of Crown Lands being peculiarly emphatic.. Mr. Glyde, in spite of these exclamations, had the hardihood to accuse the Ministry of not being sufficiently . explicit in> the declaration of their policy, wnercupon the Attorney-General, with an air of injured innocence, announced in the strongest terms that it wasi-no part of the policy of the-Cabinet "to "burke'the-railway, . but on the contrary it wis part of their, policy to carry it out. In proof of their bona fides he alluded to the fact that, instead of the-one surveyor put on by the late Govern ment to survey the line, three were<now7p-^ employed upon this preliminary undertaking:^ £ A sharp fight upon this South-Eastern Bail- - ^ way question is brewing,- and will not be^v^ much longer delayed. . Members, with harsftT** persistency, continue to dispute the goodj^fs faith of the Ministerial declarations, anfrpF**.^ suppose they will do so to the end of chapter. . ; ' V&, Isaac Smalls, of Eurewick, near Wakefield, not a chameleon*. ' He cannot live on air, but can make a pretty near approach to it. He canj.. > live on sixpence a week; We only hope Mr. Smalls may thrive under the trying circum stances. In a letter to a' contemporary he explains how he manages to lire on so small a sum, anil we gather from his remarks that he is' not a man' to envy the " sumptuous repast'' of a " union pauper Living in a country as I do" ; he says " I am unable to obtain what are known as luxuries, even if my means could afford them ; but I have the advantage of living near a mill, ? ; and from the miller I buy the refuse of his flour, for which I pay fourpence once a week. This is ?' ! - the staple of my food. I make of this my; own bread, the salt, yeast, &c.;, costing next to nothing. I vary this meal"with occasional apple duniplings, Being able to buy about a dozen ' apples .(windfalls) for Id. ; and, as a luxury, . which I aUow myself \on Sundays, i buy a . penny worth of lard now and tlien. This amounts to sixpence a week; I do not include my drink, - as being pure water, I have' it for other purposes as well.: I have lived on this diet for nearly *-.; twenty years, and am in .excellent health, and r esteem myself mdst'fortunate that I am as badly - * off1 as I am, for I aiti' beyond' the reach of temptation." 