Çïje Cmptte* FRIDAY, FEBRUARY .2, , 1872. . j AFTER the.., f outburst,, of apparent enthu- siasm Tfhioh, greeted the announcement of the large majority who vbtecTfor the amend ment of Mr. Piddington, on the motion'- for the .* 'suspension bf ? tho'-Standing-* Orders in tho Assembly on .-Wednesday night, many were still prepared to doubt that the Governor would dissolve Parliataent without having received the required Tote; of supply, although tho Premier had dis- tinctly stated that such would be 'the os se. On Thursday morning, however, the Ministers proceeded by speoial train to Throsby Park, wherc his-Excellency was stayincr, and where, we presume, an Executive Council was held, for early in the day telegrams were received in Sydney, announcing that Lord Belmore had signed the official Procla- mation proroguing Parliament until Thurs- day tho 8th February. Even then doubts were entertained of the legality of the Speaker noting upon a telegraphio message from the Srivate secretary, and somej it is said, were eBirous that ho should take tho chair, and enable them to fors: s. House. Mr. Arnold, hc~6Tôr, does noe appear to have boen desirous of aooepting so grave aV responsibility ; but by the timo when the usual hour for commencing Parliamentary business bad arrived, it was found that the text of. tho Proclamation had been received, and printed and eire «lated by the Government printer ; and in short that there ¡ was no . longer any admission to tho hn'ls -which, but a few hours before, had Tung with such angry declamations and triumphant .cheers. There was ho opportunity now of presenting the address which had been adopted by tho Assembly, and no reoourae but to await the issuing of the next Proclamation, which will dissolve the House. This may be ex peo ted without delay-as soon as the arrangements for the new elections aro completed ; and we hope and cxpoct that, ander all the circumstances, all possible expedition will be used ia bringing tho new Houso together.' The supplies for the Civil Service voted -for January will oarry the payments over to the end of February, by whioh time) or Tery shortly afterwards, it would be possible v. to ¡gammon ? the new Parliament, ' and make farther provision, It may bo hoped,. therefore, that any serions consequences will be averted ; but, in any oase, the attempt to cast odium upon the Governor for'such- consequences, because he promised his Ministers a dissolution and keeps his promise, ia most unjust, and merits serious condemnation. These attempts to over awe Governors in the .conscientious exer- cise of their responsible - duties' are muoh to be reprehended. With regard to Lord Belmore, ho had sent a "message asking for supply ; and, os no new or difficult question was involved in that demand at least, admitting the demand for a dissolution which ho had already promised, there was nothing unreasonable in the request to have the Standing Orders tuspended, so that' tho supplies oould be. voted,. and tho elections might be proooeded with at once. This, howovor, was intercepted by the extraordinary Address te whioh we have before referred, in which members objected to any new elections at nil at present, and sought to make a kind of oom paot with the Governor to rule the country independently of the advice of- his Ministers and the wishes of the people at large. Beyond this remarkable request again, there loomed other resolutions, binding the House to resist supply unless a certain course perhaps desirable but certainly opposed to the polioy on which Ministers desired to appeal to the country, were adopted with reference to tho Border duties. It is difficult to conceive how his Excellency could, follow this leading without dismissing his Ministers in the first instance As to tho address, its very adoption was prima fació evidence of unfitness for Legislativo funotidns. Tho result of his Excellency's dooision ought to ho the creation of an Assombly capable of dealing with tho largo issues that mast shortly come up for. decision in tho country. We want no revivals of those fevorish and exciting rumours and dreams' which have engendered so muoh distrust heretofore, and whioh wo hope to find forgotton ; no ' ghosts ' or conspiraoics, or any hobgoblin mysteries to bewilder and affright tho weak- minded. With rogard" to his Excellency tho Earl of Belmore, most assuredly ho bas done nothing in this matter whioh should not commend tho respect and gratitudo of tho peoplo.- It is j quite impossiblo to suppose that tho members who now occupy places in our Parliament, oould continue to administer tho affairs of the country without many and frequent broils, of a bitter and personal oharaotcr ; and it is dcoir able to train ourselves by degrees into a more generous, rational, 'and patriotio oourso of legislative discussion. 