Cattle and horse-stealing, and tlie practice pf ' planting,' as it Js colloquially phrased, tlie latter animals until a reward ia offered for their ' recovery, appear to be moral evils as indigenous to many districts of this colony as the physical diseases of fever and ague are to pertain semi-tropical parts of tho globe. AH Busli residents can testify to the extent to which cattle- duffing is egrried pn ; and, indeed, though many culprits escape detection, the records of our Petty Sessions and General Sessions Courts afford tolerably conclusive evidence on this point. Wo 'know, also, that by pursuing such evil courses young men graduate in crime — that a cattle-stealer in esse is in many cases a bushranger, and it may be murderer, in posse, In the Parramatta River murders we have a fearful illustration nf the manner inwhich one crime leads on to another, and of tho diatolic.il depths of wickedness to which men may descend who once quit the path of virtue for that of crime —fascilis.dcsceiisus Avcnd may truly bo said of the latter dreary and evil downward track. It is, then, on all accounts desirable that steps should bo taken . to attempt ? to check the prevalent' forni of dishonesty to which we refer, and to strengthen -the hands of the police ; which objects we belicvo will best be effected by the establishment of Cattle-stealing Prevention Associations in these and other districts. It is intolerable to Buppose that onr graziers and farmers are to continue tamely to bear ftp annoyances and. -actual serious Josses ta which they are exposed, by being made the unwilling victims from whom a set of dishonest marauders draw supplies for their harness casks, and provide themselves with horses to ride and cattle to sell. It may be remembered that some years ago.— in June, 18G8— an effort was made to establish an association for the suppression of cattle, horse, and sheep stealing in the Adejong, Tumut, and Oundagai districts, and that subsequently a similar society for Tumut alone was contem plated, if not actually established. Both institutions, indeed, were, we believe, fairly enough started ; bnt— liko many pther good undertakings— after commanding a temporary share of notice and interest, came to be regard ed with apathy and indifference by the general public, and finally collapsed. It is, unfortun ately, apparent that though they have become things of the past, and have descended to the limbo haunted by tho ghosts of dead com panies, defunct philanthropic schemes, and other records of the past projects of society, the offences which called them into being have reached to increased proportions in these districts, and threaten, if not checked, to attain to even greater magnitude. Under these circuastances we certainly think it is high timo that stockowners bestircd sheinselves here, . as. we understand they are doing in Wagga Wag?a and other pastoral districts. Whether a joint association for tho three districts or separate local societies would best assist' to suppress tho great and growing evil to which we refer, and to facilitate the capture of culprits whoee imperfect sense of the difference between matm and tuum leads them to appropriate their neighbours' cattle, horses) or sh.eep,' is a question upon which differences of opinion may again arise ; but that we should, in some shape or other, attempt to establish one or more effective Cattle-stealing Prevention Associations here, does not, we think, admit of dispute. Tire, opponents of Mr. Parkes, from Sir J. Martin, Mr. W, B. Dalley, and Mr. Fobstek down to Messrs. Davis and Eckford, have, inadvertently no doubt, done that gentleman material service by their detraction and denunciation of him; and with his usual dexterity he has Hot been slow to take advantage of this, by assuming- with more shnw of reason than usual — his favorite role of ft martyr. His assertions that some people beljovp that Iobb of crops/floods, or a general pestilence would be small calamities compared, with his attaining Office, aud his expression of thankfulness that his adversaries had not jiccnasd him of complicity with tho Pnrrn,' niatta River murderers, contain the modicum of justjeo which render them effective. The instinctive love of 'fair play the public possesses, revolts against such persistent and exaggerated attacks directed by numbers against ono man ; especially when the party thus assailed has risen above circumstances that would have extinguished most men, and haB, despite all opposition, again came to the .front in political affairs. Wo do not profess to be admirers of Mr. Parkes ; but we certainly do not feel inclined to endorse nil that has been said against him. We recently quoted a just and thoughtful remark made by Mr. Helps, in his lately published work- of ?' Thoughts upon Government,' to -the effect thnt there is scarco'y any mistake a political Innrier mav makn. short of committing an act of deliberate baseness, which is not condoned by tho good nature of the British public. T 'hough tho errors of Mr. Pahkes have boon numerous, it is clear from tho characters of the colleagues he has socured that they do not believe him to have been deliberately base, and it is equally apparent that the British public here have condoned his past offences. Such being tho case, of what avail is it to rake up and repeat, ad nauseam, old records of private indebtedness and past political offences, or blunders, such' as the Kiaraa ghost story, -tc.' ? We should greatly have preferred to see Mri Fouster now at the head of affairs ; but it seems he could not form an Administration, and where ho failed his rival has succoeded. The new Ministry — excepting the much abused Premier— are men of good repute, and possess more thnn an average share of collective ability. Surely it will be best to let them have a fair opportunity of showing what they can do for the good of the country. Mr. Parkes, in his late speeches, has put forward a fair programme of a future reconstructive and progressive policy, which, however, is some what indefinite when examined, and is open (as many of his utterances are) to the charge of being a haze of fine words containing little substance — let us see what his performance will be. Ho evidently holds with the painter in ' Tiinon of Athens ' that ' Promising is the very air o' the time ; it opens the eyes of expectation ;' but we trust he does not endorse the other part of that parasite's theory that ' Performance is a kind of will or testament, which argues -a great sickness in his judgment that makes it.' 