WHERE ARE THE POLICE of TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-We have had a good deal lately in year round about the mischievous proclivities of our city Arabs, more especially in the dangerous practice of throwing stones, and, of course, the invariable absence of a constable What the conservators of the peace do in thodaylimo, beyond lazily parading the streets, I am at a loss to discover and I am quite sure they might find useful work to do in putting a stop to the nuisance caused by the pranks of idle children. Those abound, I believe, in all parts of the city, notably so in Liverpool-street, between Harrington and Barrack-streets. Here there is congregated a particularly mischievous mob, one of the ringleaders being a slip of a girl, about 12 or 14 years of age, who is remarkably active in mustering and directing her juvenile forces. A favourite pastime with these urchins is to collect a quantity of stones from a newly metalled street, and place them on the footpath when they see any respectable pedestrian approach- ing, not omitting in their rapid retreat to throw a stone or two at the persons passing. In this work the girl alluded to is especially conspicuous, and she appears to have the youngsters completely under command. I need scarcely add that no police- man, nor even the ghost of one, is to be seen near the spot, of which the urchins are perfectly aware, and consequently they act with impunity. But I have a more serious thing to complain of. On Wednesday evening a friend of mine was walking down Liverpool-street, near Barrack-street, when he met three hulking lads, utter strangers to him, one of whom, without a word spoken on either side, threw a handful of filth, and ashes into his face, and then, of course, ran off as fast as they could, pursued, however, by a gentleman who was passing, but whom they outstripped in the chase. Now, if a policeman had been anywhere within hail, these vagabonds might have been identified, if not captured ; but as, there was no constable near the spot, and the lad) escaped to exult, no doubt, over their " lark." Some- thing ought to be done to prevent if possible this state of things. We are rated for the police, but receive no protection in return, and the complaints of the citizens are not to be wondered at. Hobart Town, 23rd February, 1872. Yours, etc, CIVIS. 