DELIVERED IN THE CATHEDRAL ON PALM SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1872, By THE REVEREND FATHER HORAN, O.S.F. Text—"But the souls of the just are in the hands of the Lord, and the tor ments of death shall not touch them."— Wisdom, c. iii., v. 1. In these words of the text, dear brethren, there is conveyed to our minds the consoling assurance that the man who has regulated his life according to the dictates of his conscience shall be so sup ported by God at the critical hour of his dissolution, as that the terrors of death shall not be such as to affright him, but that the Lord shall in his mercy, and by the consolation of His graces, .slope for him the path that conducts unto the grave. It is not - difficult to understand that to meet death .with indifference re quires an amount of courage which nature cannot muster, and which grace alone can ever sufficie&tly;„supply. The harrowing thought of being obliged to leave for ever much .that we had ever lived for, of returning—baffled, perhaps, in our expec tations—to our kindred dust,' of adding to and becoming a portion of the rottenness of the tomb, of travelling into an un known land, from which none return, and where we know not whether happi ness or misery awaits us ; all these con siderations are but too naturally calculated to awaken something of alarm in even the bravest bosom, and to cause us to shrink back instinctively from death's dreaded contact. But if these natural " fears a'ndjfe.elings are intensified in his last moments for the unrepentant sinner, by reason of his then vivid remembrance of his past crimes and wickedness, they are, on the contrary, mitigated and sub dued for the pious Christian by the graces that are at that juncture infused into his soul, as a recompense for the virtues which he has practised during life ; and never, my brethren, have I witnessed such an exemplification of that truth as that which was visible in the death of my late loved Bishop, to speak of whose career 1 ..ppear before on this evening. mud cp]le.-;vd in the midst of his 'iyjiig. pa.mr---> k>nt, e.wrpt when he pravcri ior; Iik people. n::ored ejacula tions v.- f?qd, cpmpar d his blessing \--to ;^angt^cc beside his bed— surrounded by comforts which his religion could afford—sustained by the conviction that he had acted a faithful part on the stage of this wicked world —solaced by the remembrance of e the usefulness of his life—nourished and strengthened by the Sacraments of his Church, and washed in the blood of a " Crucified Redeemer"—he calmly gave up his soul into the hands of his Creator, with an unshaken hope of an imperishable reward. 1 But, dear brethren, 1 do not stand before you here to-day to preach you a sermon on the happiness of his death. I am here to speak to you of the usefulness of his life, and to vindicate his memory from the obloquy that has been attempted to be thrown upon his grave. I am here to disprove the misrepresentations and calumnies of his enemies—enemies who have left no stone unturned to show him up to society and the world as a Bishop who lived a tyrant, and who died a fool. But, as long as God leaves me the exer cise of a memory to revert to the justice of his administration, and the use of a tongue to proclaim that justice to the world, lieshall not lie in an unhonored grave. Bis, my brethren, were abilities, and his was a heart that deserved for him a better fate than to be hounded to death by a few insignifi cant and interested individuals, who, on account of some slight received by or inconvenience caused to them by the con scientious discharge of his episcopal duties, thought well to expose him by their slanders to the ridicule of the world. And here let me tell you, dear brethren, that it is my conscientious and firm belief—and it is the conscientious belief of more than me—that your poor Bishop, who is now no more, has, in consequence of the many vituperations that have been heaped upon his head, gone into his grave with a broken heart. .His bones are now mouldering into their kindred dust, and what his enemies feel ings are at the consideration of his doom, I shall not—I dare not—pretend to say. But when I come to the close of my address to yoi* on this evening, you will, I think, have but little difficulty in determining to your satisfaction the measure of their regrets. And now, dear brethren, before I com mence to speak of my Bishop's worth, I must digress a little, in order that I may stand on a more firm footing, and there by the more effectually rebut the calum nies that have been urged against him. In last week's issue of the Irish Harp, there has appeared as scurrilous an article as ever went forth from the public press. In that article they have thought proper to villify my name, and to misconstrue my conduct; but that has been done for a special purpose, as you shall not fail to see before I have done with the Irish Harp. The fact of the matter, my brethren, was simply this. They knew I was to preach the Bishop's funeral oration, and they considered it would be a great means of weakening the force of anything I might say to-day in defence of that Bishop's character, if they could make out before the public that I was " a treacherous, an intriguing, and ambitious man" and accordingly, they did not hesitate to throw out for the public notice allegations such as these—that 1' I have been the means of banishing Father Woods out of this diocese" ; of depriving the Very Rev. P. T. Russell of the arch deaconate" ; and " of breaking your late loved Vicar's heart." IS ow, dear brethren, if these statements were true, I would not blame you if you refused to afford me a patient hearing. But I shall prove them, beyond the pos sibility of a doubt, to be false—utterly false ; basely false. As to the first, viz., that I was the means of banishing Father Woods from the diocese (i.e., if he has been ever banished), I am as innocent of such a deed as the youngest ohild who sits before; me in those seats, and of that you will be satisfied when you hear from me a review of the incidents of the diocese for the last six months. To stop all disputes on that point I have to tell you that since Father Woods went to Sydney he wrote, to Dr. Sheil, asking it of him as a special favor not to force him to return to Adelaide. I have' read thatletter. Well, then, -whatabout my having broken your late Vicar's heart 1 Ah, dear brethren, it is known to every priest who listens to me now, and I can say, likewise, it is known to many of yourselves, that the incident that broke the Vicar's heart happened long before; ever I laid eyes on Adelaide. It is known,' I say, to the priests who hear me now, who it was who broke the Vicar's heart,, and they can testify that 1 am not that man. Why, dear brethren, it was only six or seven days before Ms death that he invited me to spend with him a week at his brother's residence, in order to get rid of the worry and anxiety of his mind, and if it were true that I was the indi vidual, or one of the individuals, who helped to break a heart that was then, no doubt, well nigh broken, was it a likely thing that I should be the friend he should select to accompany him into a quiet retreat, to cheer his heart and to share his sorrow I And, my brethren, you do well remember how, on two occasions, in that monu mental chapel that enshrines his ashes, 1 spoke to you of his virtues—not in the language of one who had been in life his enemy, but in language such as the fondest child would be expected to; speak of the kindest av.d best of fathers. So much for the truthfulness of the i allegation that I was one of a party who broke your Vicar's heart. And, again, as to the calumny that. I had been instru mental in depriving the Very Rev. Father Russell of his Archdeaconship. Were not the occasion so solemn, and the place so sacred, that gratuitous and unfounded statement would not, I am sure, fail to excite a smile amongst many of the clergy who surround that altar ; for, my dear brethren, I say it boldly and without fear of contradiction that there breathes not a priest in this diocese to-day that has been to the Very Rev. Father Russell, since his departure from amongst you, a truer friend than I have been and if my poor broken-hearted Bishop could at this moment hear these my words he would have to endorse them line for line—for, my brethren, " in sea son and out of season," in public and in private, I have ever been foremost as Father Russell's warmest defender, and have spoken of him in no other lan guage than that he was a zealous, an exemplary, and a holy priest. Again, the managers of the Harp thought they had not gone far enough in risking to the public such wild and intemperate falsehoods as the foregoing. No ; they ventured to tread on ground more slip pery still, in order to worry, as they imagined, to the very death, two or three priests of the diocese whom they made the object of their enrr.ity and the victims of their satire for no other reason than because they had been faithful to their Bishop's cause. And now listen to this sweeping charge. Oh, merciful God! to w hat a depth of infamy and degrada tion cannot the human mind descend in order to satiate that most ignoble passion j of our nature—the passion of revenge ! Listen, £ say, to this sweeping charge. They have published to the world that on the night before the Bishop's death three priests walked into his room and endeavored to force him to get up in order to do something for them on the strength of which they might continue " to exercise after his death the power that they so misused during his life." That, dear brethren, as at least seven priests can testify, is as false a statement as ever was uttered by human lips. Why, but four short days before, when I was asked by some who were attending on him to make provision about the framing of his will, what was my answer ? There are some here who can remember it. Bere it was—"Not for ten thousand pounds would I broach to him such a topic, and thereby disturb and hurt his feelings in his dying hour." And, dear brethren, it has been said by the Harp that I was an intriguing and ambitious man, and that my friendship for the Bishop was founded upon the sordid motives of personal aggrandize ment, and that since the death of Father Smyth I have been struggling with or against another for his (the Vicar's) office. It is, dear brethren, a thing well known to more than one priest here this evening that had I wished to be Vicar General of this diocese, I couldy- on more occasions than one, have assumed that honor. It is known, I say,^that-I could have assumed that honor—aye, -and it is known, moreover, that I persistently re fused it ; and therefore, \^iti^|erV;elae my faults may be, that facty^on^will prove that I have not been an intriguing or an ambitious man. What! shall not commo^^^Be itself stamp the statement #s a patent false hood that I could go to my loved Bishop in his dying hour—I who had so often previously declined his preferments when he was in the full exercise of his mental faculties'! Shall not, I say, common sense stamp the statement: as a false hood that I should ask from him, in his last agony, that gift or favor which I was not altogether too ignorant not to know | that it was utterly out of his power to give 1 There is another quotation from the Irish Harp—and they have put it in brackets in order to show its authen ticity, as if it were taken down in short hand word for word—" I find that those whom 1 thought were advising me to ' good have deceived me. Ilumanum est errare—' To err is human.' And the poor old Bishop then burst into a flood of tears." That, my brethren, was the same poor old Bishop whom the Irish Harp some short time previously com pared to Oliver Cromwell, " the greatest tyrant that ever set foot on Irish soil." But it is said that the Bishop used these words. A dead man, dear brethren, can contradict no statements, however groundless ; and consequently I am asto nished that the Irish Harp did not un blushingly tell the public that in his last moments he sent his blessing and his thanks to its proprietors for the extraordi nary good they had effected for his, dio cese during the current year. There is another insinuation thrown out in that scurrilous article to which I have before referred (and it is evidently meant for me), to the effect that the Bishop had no welcome for a certain Father" in his last moments. That, my brethren, like the other statements and insinuations, has been thrown out for the self-same purpose to which I before allu ded, viz., to weaken the force of my words to-day. L pronounce it as false as those that went before it; and, my breth ren, no matter what credence you may give my words when I speak in any other place, you will believe me while standing in this " chair of truth," when I solemnly declare to you, in the presence of my God, who is listening to me now, and whom I call on to attest the veracity of what I am about to say ; you will, I say, believe me when I solemnly declare be fore that God that the poor Bishop's words to me some few days before his death—and they were spoken with heart felt sobs and tears—were these: "May God bless you ; since I have known you, you have been my dearest friend; you, have been to me brother in a twofold sense—a brother in religion and a brother in affection." I mention, my brethren, these circumstances in order' that your minds may not be biassed by the tinselled falsehoods of the Irish Harp. While I re view for you your late Bishop's administra tion, and thereby vindicate his name, I have notrefuted the assertions of the IrishHarp. It is, my brethren, no Irish Harp. It never should have assumed the name. 1 An Irish Harp should ever sound discor dantly under the touch of English fingers. I have not, I say, refuted the statements of the Irish Harp in order to prove my own honesty and integrity in the course of the late proceedings in the diocese. No, dear brethren, such was not my motive, but when I found that because I was to preach the Bishop's Funeral Oration, misstatements and calumnies had been circulated against me in order to weaken j my defence of that Bishop's memory. I considered it but justice to the cause I' had to advocate, to satisfactorily disprove | such charges, and thereby remove the * undue influence that may have been ope-* rating on your minds. With this explana tion, dear brethren, j proceed to reviewc your Bishop's life. We find that he joined the Order of St. >■ Francis in the seventeenth year of his age. Went to Rome for the purpose of prose-! ■ cuting his studies in Philosophy and, Theology, and during the course of five' years so distinguished himself amongst his. fellow students as to be raised to the rank of professor in his Order in the twenty-/ second year of his age. During three years he filled that position creditably to himself and to the satisfaction of his superiors,; when, in consequence of failing health, he; was recalled to Ireland to his native air,' where in quick succession he was placed in three or four of the most responsible positions in his Order. Having passed 14 years laboring assiduously for the promo-: tion of God's glory in his native land,' where he had been admired and esteemed by all with whom he came in contact, he, felt himself called on by God to come to the Australian colonies, where priests at that period were so scarce, and where he was convinced he could do so much good for the cause of his Heavenly blaster. And, my brethren, to show you that he did not deserve that epithet that was indirectly meant for him by his enemies, when they $aid that South Australia had suffered considerably from the ministra tions of wandering priests who were attached to no certain diocese, I may here inform you that it is a part and parcel of the rule which he professed, that such of the members of the Order as felt called .by God to go to distant lands for the pro pagation of the Gospel could do so by obtaining the permission ©f their superiors, and still retain all the advantages and privileges of their Order. It was on the strength of such clause in his rule that he came to these colonies, and that he has not been a discredit to his Order, nor unprofitable to the faithful, either in a neighboring colony or in this, I shall, I have reason to believe, prove , to your satisfaction before I close. During his stay in Victoria, one of the most responsible offices in that diocese had been confided to his care and the entire management of it thrown completely in his hands, viz., the Dioce san College for the education of the priest hood. That he ably fulfilled the duties that devolved on him in that capacity is fully attested by the fact that for years he continued to profess in and preside over that college, until his health becom ing impaired from continual confinement and the other laborious duties attendant on college life, he resigned his position, and. was promoted to another not less honorable and responsible, viz., the arch deaconship of Ballarat. In that impor tant district he, by his unflagging energy and zeal, succeeded in l'aising the greater portion of one of the finest ecclesisatical structures in the colo nies, and it is a well-known fact that all his personal resources as chief pastor of that district were appropriated towards the furtherance of that church. And it was'by zeal, devotedness, and use fulness such as this that he became the rmast popular and most highly, respected ecclesiastic in Victoria, where, to use the woras or anocner, ■ ne was Tine aumireu. of every circle, and the idol of his own." But in the decrees of God, his sphere of usefulness' was changed, and—and the day that saw him nominated Bishop of this diocese was the saddest, day of his life-for his personal happiness and peace ! He arrived in Adelaide as Bishop in the year 1867 (and I ask y.ou to give to this fact the weight which it deserves), after a period of thirteen or fourteen years passed in the diocese of, Vic toria, and that in its most flourishing days, he came over amongst you a true fol lower of his founder, and with that foiinder's apostolic spirit he came over a poor man. The state in which he found his diocese on his arrival I shall advert to before I finish. But here I must diverge somewhat from my course. *1 have just pointed out to you, how, fx>m his boyhood he had distinguished himself for his piety and his talents. Eow that piety and those talents have caused him to be promoted to the most responsible position in his own Order, and to the most honorable position outside it; how he had faithfully and meritoriously discharged his duty as a minister of God in every single capacity in which Providence had placed him, how, as a religious, a theologian, and a scholar, he had shone in every circle in which he had moved. I have, I say, pointed out to you all this, and 1 have now to tell you, that after all these honors, and privileges, and distinc tions had been conferred upon him as he [journeyed on through life, it remained for him 16 come to Adelaide to find lay divines .to teach him, a theologian, his theology, and to dictate to him, "a religious, the obligations and respon sibilities which a religious- contracts, r And who, dear brethren, were these individuals who assumed to themselves -the right of becoming teachers in tlsrael? Some three or four converts— neophytes in the Church, and as Cardinal Barnabo designated them, " a confrater nity of women," who, for ignorance and fanatacism as a religious body, have not, as far as my knowledge of ecclesiastical history can guide me, ever had a parallel in the Church of God. Yes, it must come out. T have been told.that you often ex pressed your astonishment at the Bishop and priests' not explaining away the scandals that for six months have been stalking through the diocese. There was a reason, dear brethren, for that reticence, and it was this : that it would ill become the dignity of the Bishop or of the priest hood to enter into discussion in ecclesiasti cal matters with a few laymen who had taken it into their heads to commence dabbling in theology. An occurrence, however, has taken place which impera tively demands that such a reason should be foregone, and that the scandals of the diocese should be explained in order to be .removed. I said that, as long as I had a tongue, my Bishop should not lie in a dishonored grave; and I feel at this moment an assurance and a confidence within my soul that, before I descend this pulpit, I shall prove to the satisfaction of every individual amongst you that, not only as a matter of prudence, but through the stern virtue of necessity, your maligned and misrepresented Bishop was forced—was actually forced—to adopt that course which has been made the medium of heaping so much odium on his name, viz., the disembodying of that commmunity, entitled the Sisterhood of St. Joseph. The original motive or reason, dear brethren, for the foundation of that In stitute was to provide a suitable educa tion for the female Catholic children of this colony. The Bishop, no doubt, en couraged and promoted by every mieans in his power such a movement; that I do not, I shall not, I cannot deny. The interests of education have been ever, from his earliest days, the most cherished object of his life ; but, my brethren, his intentions concerning that Institute have been misconstrued, his projects have been baffled, his absence from his diocese has caused his original plan for an improved system of education to be teetotally sub verted, and consequently it turns out after five years of his ministration, not more than one-fifth of which, on the whole, he has been able to spend amongst his people, he finds that the educational merits of his children have not been pro perly attended to, that they have been far behind the children of other denomi nations in points of secular, if not of religious instruction, and that the Insti tute of St. Joseph, by reason of some abuses that gradually crept into it, had turned out in his diocese a most lamen table failure and utterly inadequate to the educational requirements of his people. Here then, was a difficulty for him to cope with, an Augean stable to be swept. Conscientiously speaking he could not be responsible but before the people, and in . fact he was, he had up to that period taken the ipse dixit of others for the proficiency of his educational establishments, and he found himself in the end most painfully and most miserably deceived. It has been said irom time to time by j the advocates of the Sisters that " the j people complained not of the inferiority of their schools. Now, dear brethren, let me ask you to-day—let me ask you calmly and dispassionately—let me ask you who are capable of judging in the matter— whether you were satisfied with the edu cation that was imparted to your children by the Sisters of St. Joseph '? Have you not yourselves clamored against them as being unqualified to teach anything even bordering oh the acquirements which you expected (and, as parents, reasonably and conscientiously expected) to be given to your children ? Are you not yourselves thoroughly well aware that girls have been taken into that Institute and inves ted with the habit who could neither read nor write 1 Are you not aware that there are individuals in that sisterhood who never should have been placed in any other capacity than that of servants, and who, instead of being in such capacity rendered useful in society, were about to pass their lives in such a way (had the evil not been detected) as to be unprofi table to themselves and to be an onus on the public. The Bishop, while he was living, has been decried in a public paper for disban ding them ; and now that he is dead, some two or three priests in the diocese are singled out as the parties that have been the cause of this dissolution. But, my brethren, I shall suffer neither of those statements to go down with the public mind, for I shall show you, as I proceed, that the Bishop alone was not to blame, or that two or three priests alone are not to blame for the disruption of the sisterhood of St. Joseph. It is an uncontrovertable fact, dear brethren, that for some time past, the priests of the diocese began to detect the incapacity of the majority of the Sisters for teaching purposes, they in some j places refused to accept their services, and in other places where they had been already established, they dismissed them from their schools. They felt that they had a weighty obligation on their shoul ders in the matter of educating their children, and they found that by having uneducated Sisters in their schools they could not possibly fulfil it. Such a state of things could not be suffered to have a long existence. Those who had the charge of souls felt that they were neglecting the duty which they owed them, by neg lecting the interests of education. And what was the result ? Listen, dear breth ren, attentively while 1 read for you this official document from the majority of the most influential of the clergy of the diocese :— " May it please your Lordship, we the undersigned beg leave to lay before you the following allegations :— "That having since your Lordship's departure for Europe looked on with pain, and without the power of remedy, at the detriment caused directly to education, and indirectly to religion by the Sisters of St. Joseph, in this colony, we have considered it our bounden duty (as being responsible for the souls committed to our charge) to bring the matter officially under your Lordship's notice. " That having had an opportunity in our respective districts of judging of the efficiency of the aforesaid Sisters in the matter of imparting a satisfactory educa tion to our children, we conscientiously believe that they are utterly inadequate to such an object, and that consequently a gross injustice is being done to the children of the Catholic community in withholding from them a class of educa tion that would place them on a par with their fellow colonists of other denomina tions. " That in many of the outlying districts no provision whatsoever is made for the education of the male sex, and that in consequence thereof Catholic boys have to attend the schools belonging to other religious persuasions. " That consequent on such an imperfect system "of education the Catholic children throughout the greater portion (if not all) of your Lordship's diocese are ; in comparative ignorance, when contrasted with the youth of various other denomi nations around them. " That this state of things, if suffered to continue, cannot but redound to the discredit and disgrace of the Catholics of this diocese. : "That it is our opinion that much injury is done to religion by the publica tion of visions, revelations, and prophecies said to be circulated by the Sisters of St. Joseph. "That at least three-fourths of" the present members of the aforesaid society are utterly useless for educational pur poses ; and finally, that if the number of candidates to be hereafter admitted con-' tinue at the present formidable ratio, the diocese shall, in a short time, become inun dated with a tide of ignorant. and unedu cated sisters in religion, who, while they shall be an unbearable onus on both priest and people, shall be of no use whatsoever towards the enlightenment of the growing Catholic youth of this colony. (feigned) ' "Yen". Archdeacon' Russell. "Very Rev. C. Reynolds. ,"Very Rev. P. Byrne. f' Very Rev. P. Huohes. "Rev. Michael Kennedy.' "Rev. J. Roche. "Rev. C. Eoran. "Rev. T. Murphy. " Rev. B. Nevin. "Rev. R. Cleary." ' Now, my brethren, you can deduce, nay more, you are forced to. admit, from a consideration of the existence of that document, whose genuineness none -can for a moment call in question, that the Bishop has had more than his advisers^ in the matter of the disbanding of the sister hood of St. Joseph. You can see that he had been called on—officially called on— imperatively called on—to make some material alterations in the discipline of that Institute by the unanimous voice of those priests who had charge of the most important districts in his diocese. This, my brethren, I am sure, comes on you by surprise, but I am not done yet with that statement of the Irish Harp, that two or three priests of the diocese have been solely responsible for having brought about by (as the Harp would term it) their " pernicious influence" .all the acts of injustice that have been during the last few months perpetrated in the diocese of Adelaide. There is another document against the Sisters of St. Joseph, signed by the following priests :—Father Hinterocker, Father Tappeiner, Father Hughes, Father Reynolds, Father Byrne, Father Soran, Very Rev. Father Fitzgibbon, Father Theodore Bongaerts, ancr Yen. Archdeacon Russell. , What, dear brethren, was the result of this . representation to the Holy See ? Papers were immediately dispatched from Rome, calling on the Bishop to take action in the matter, and at the same time,, expressing its dissatisfaction at, and entire disapproval of, the confraternity entitled the Institute of St. Joseph. And now, dear brethren, let me ask you, with a knowledge of those facts—those stubborn facts—do you believe your late Bishop to have been a heartless tyrant, that disciple of Cromwell, which he has been represented by the Harp for the last four months ? I ask you, whether under these circumstances, there was any other way open to him, than to immediately remedy the evil, by making some material alterations in the discipline of the Society? I, my brethren, have been taxed as the originator and adviser of the disbanding of that Sisterhood. I have been quoted in public and in private as the intriguing and unfeeling individual, who (to use the touching language of the tender-hearted proprietor of the Harp) had sent the poor Sisters of St. Joseph homeless and friendless on the world. I think, dear brethren, that I have proved to you, that that was not entirely my doing, that it was the doing, and I shall add, the conscientious doing of the majority of the priests of this diocese. I Was but a unit amongst the number, and my voice had no more influence or force than any other priest who attached his name to these documents—nay more, dear brethren, I had been travelling in New South Wales collecting for an j addition to the convent of the Dominican j Nuns, when the Bishop formed, or rather, j I should say, was forced to form the j resolution of adopting the stringent measures which he did ; measures that have been the cause of so much comment | and confusion in the public mind ; and when I returned the first thing he in formed me of was this: that he could not conscientiously allow any additional buildings in his diocese until such time as he could see his way for the payment of .the extraordinary debt that had been contracted during his absence, without either his knowledge or consent. He said that it had just come to his ears that the Convent of St. Joseph, Franklin-street, was in debt to the amount of fifteen hundred or two thousand pounds, although he was told when that convent was being raised (he was then at the General Council) that it would cost only eight hundred,pounds, and that seven hundred pounds out of that eight hun dred were in hand, and that he now dis covered, to his astonishment and alarm, that the building as it stood (he knew not the particulars) was not only in debt for seven or eight hundred pounds, but that it. was actually in debt for precisely double the amount. He then told me to hand him the money I had collected for the Dominican Convent, in order to meet the interest that was accumulating on the diocesan debt, and that he would make over the Josephite building to the Dominican Nuns on a guarantee being given him that they—the Dominican ' Nuns—would undertake the responsibility of paying the fifteen hundred or two j thousand pounds that were due on it to '1 the Bank. On the following day I handed him the money I had collected for the " Dominican Convent, and he then told me to proceed immediately (as he felt bound ' in conscience, he said, to take prompt r' Action in the matter) to examine the 1 Sisters of St. Joseph as to their capabili ties for teaching, and report to him at the earliest possible date how many, of them were qualified—or how many of them might, by study, ever be rendered quali . fied to impart a satisfactory education to hif children. In obedience to his wishes I went through that task ; and the Sisters them selves even can attest that it was a pain ful task to me, and that I made it a par ticular study not to hurt the feelings of a , single individual amongst them. And how, my brethren, I must say it : I most solemnly declare to you this evening that twenty per cent, of them were not capable of imparting even a moderately satisfac tory education to your children. Another priest accompanied me in that, to me, ' painful mission ; he is listening to me now ; and he told me over and over again in the course of my examination that I whs altogether too lenient. But why, my brethren, you may natu rally think, have I recourse to these uiinutice of details 1 The reason is simply this : to counteract the scandals that have been for months afloat. The people—the Catholic public—have not hitherto had an opportunity of coming to a knowledge of the real state of things. The cousins, or sisters, or daughters of some amongst you may have been enrolled as members of the Institute of St. Joseph, and I know that it is only in accordance with tfie feel ings of human nature that you should feel aggrieved. My brethren, I do not blame you for it; human feelings work their way against the best of dispositions. At one time I felt disposed to make allow ance for the unbridled anger of one of your Bishop's most bitter enemies, when I reflected that his daughter, who had been in the Institute of St. Joseph (and who was, according to the original designs of that Institute, a useless and a worthless member) had been sent back to her pa ' rent's home. The father of that girl has been since then unceasingly engaged in " thundering his indignation against the Bishop and the Bishop's advisers in the public press. I have this evening given him the names of a number of other priests who, in addition to Bathers Nowlan and Horan, have been instrumen tal in promoting the dismembering of the Sisters of St. Joseph ; and, perhaps, in his boasted love of justice he may divide his spleen. ' He can see by my indisputable statements of this evening that the dis banding of the Sisters has been brought about, not by the sole influence of the two Briars—Fathers Nowlan and Horan (the former of whom, you can observe, had no hand whatsoever in the matter)— but by the unanimous protest of the majority of the clergy of the diocese. Why, my brethren, do 1 thu3 unveil what has been concealed from you for months, and concealed during a period when tirade after tirade had been hurled agaipst your Bishop and your clergy ? Is it, think you, that I wish to vilify those poor blameless creatures who have been disappointed in their views, and baffled in their purposes 1 No, my breth ren ; my motive, and my only motive in unmasking the inutility of the Institute of St. Joseph, and exposing its hollow ness to your view is to repair the scan dals that have been caused by too long a reticence on the subject, and to vindicate the memory of the calumniated dead. And, my brethren, I would ask you again and again to bear in mind that I have not a single disparaging word to say of any particular individual in that Insti tute. I shall particularise no one, except when for the interests of religion, and in order to dispel the scandal that has been bandied through society, I cannot possibly avoid it. No, I speak not of the mem bers in particular of that Institute. I speak only of the rottenness of the prin ciples of that Institute itself. It was originally, as I said, set on foot for the sole purposes of education, and through the neglect of something or of somebody it merged into a sort of hospital for the old and the sick, and the lame and the blind. Do you know it, my brethren, as a positive fact, that contrary to all the rules and constitutions of religious communities throughout the world ; a blind girl, a perfectly blind girl, had been accepted and professed as a mem ber of the sisterhood of St. Joseph. When the Bishop discovered the fact (it was on the morning of the excom munication of Sister Mary), he, as five priests can testify, turned up his eyes and 'said' " My God, is not this terrible." But, my brethren, if the Bishop had been constantly in his diocese he would not 1 ■ have wondered or stained at such a case as j that, for it is a thing well known that j some eight or nine months ago, or per haps later still, servants, poor ignorant servants, when they considered their work too hard, were wont to say that they were tired of the drudgery of service, and that they had made up their minds—had made up their minds—to join the Sisters of St. Joseph. And certainly, my brethren, under such a regime, under such impres sions as to the conditions and essentials of religious vocation we are not to be surprised that dui'ing the short space of five years, the Institute should have reached to the alar ming number of 122. Out of that 122 mem bers at the time of their disruption, I must now state here publicly that there were not more than 20 who came under the category of educated girls, and I put it to the Catholics of South Australia to say whether that number was anything like a fair proportion of teaching Sisters in an Institute that counted in its ranks 122. What I ask you, my brethren, was the utility of the other hundred. Would you be satisfied to support, or have your children after you support such an unprofitable staff ? Would you consider it just in the matter of the charities of the diocese, that 102 strong girls who were able to work, and not competent to teach, should be supported on the chari table alms of the faithful, while an Orphan age and a Refuge have been year after year diminishing the number of their inmates, by reason of a deficiency of funds ? It has, I know, been said in favor of such of the Sisters as were incapable of teaching, that there were other objects for which the Institute had been designed, in which their services had been appreci ble. In the first place I deny, I emphati a llj'deny, that the Institute was originally designed for other purposes than purposes of education ; and in the second place I assert that as far as they have gone, they for any other purpose have been some thing more than useless. It has been put forward in their behalf that they have been utilized, in visiting the sick and supervising the Providence, the Destitute, and the Refuge. Let us examine this argument in their favor, and if there be any weight in it, let us give them the benefit thereof. Well, they were useful, it has been said, in visiting the sick. Now certainly, my brethren, those who were found incapable of teaching children could scarcely be considered adapted for the office , of imparting instruction and consolation to the sick and to the dying. Some out of that hundred of non-teaching Sisters could neither read nor write (I know it because I examined them), and the remainder could not read correctly ten consecutive sentences in English, and I leave it to your experience and common sense to say whether Sisters of such a stamp would be likely to effect much good at the bedside of a dying sinner. And as for placing them over the desti tute as supervisors, the proceeding on the very face of it seems ludicrous in the extreme. Some of those poor old creatures in the Destitute were persons of refined and cul tivated minds, and you will, I am sure, think with me that it was scai'cely seemly that in their latter days, the days of their destitution and decline, they should be placed under the supervision and care of uncongenial souls, under the care of those whom in earlier years, they would scarcely have engaged as menial servants in their household. And, dear brethren, when I speak thus as to the inadequacy of the non-teaching Sisters for the purposes of visiting the sick and supervising the Destitute, what am I to say when I come to consider the measure of their usefulness, or rather the measure of tlieir uselessness,. as superin tendents of a Female Refuge? If, my brethren, in the Catholic Church there be any one Institute that requires more than another the most vigilant and untiring care, and that requires for the due exercise of that vigilant care, edu cated and cultivated minds, it is in my opinion a Magdalen Asylum. In the In stitute of the Good Shepherd, an Institute that has been specially raised up by God for the reclaiming of poor abandoned females, from the paths of infamy and crime—ladies by birth and education (to whom those poor creatures, one would think, should instinctively look up with feelings of gratitude and respect) have to undergo a course of training peculiar to their Order before they enter on the arduous duty of caring those penitent souls, and guarding against their relapse. And such, my brethren, being the case, and considering, moreover, that notwith standing all this care and anxiety and study 011 the part of those self-sacrificing nuns, some of these poor unfortunate creatures from time to time deliberately leave their penitentiary, and relapse again into their former infamy and crime. Con sidering, I say, all this, what, I ask, is there to be hoped for in the matter of the perseverance of such creatures when they are placed under the supervision and con trol of ignorant and uneducated sisters in religion—(I am quoting the words sub scribed to by the majority of the clergy) —sisters who are incapable, utterly in capable of instructing them ? nay, more, sisters who might, on the contrary, be themselves educated and instructed by some of those poor unfortunate Magda lens for years and years to come. And, my brethren, what has been, what is at present the consequence of such an inordination of things ? Why, simply this, that in nine cases out of ten those poor unfortunate creatures laugh at their instructors, get disgusted with the Insti tute and its management, and in a mo ment of such disgust return to their former unfortunate career, and thus the aim and object of such an Institute as the Refuge—the most charitable, in my opi nion, of all the institutes of the Church, is effectually and miserably frustrated. So much for the utilization of the uneducated portion of the Sisterhood of St. Joseph. These, my brethren, are severe truths that may fall painfully on the ears of cer tain parties ; but in my thus exposing them I am only giving expression to the feelings and to the judgment of the ma jority of the clergy. I do, however, say, and I have always said it, that if in the Institute of St. Joseph they had been more select as to the description of postulants they re reived, that Institute would have turned out an invaluable blessing to the diocese ; but in their fanaticism they have thought proper to deviate from their Bishop's plans, they have outstripped his inten tions, and instead of having (if they acted reasonably and prudently), at the time of their disruption, only 20, or at most 25 members, they had, by their in discriminate admission of postulants, brought up their numbers to the almost incredible figure of 122. And it is, my brethren, my firm belief that had the evil not been checked in time, had the Sisters not been peremp torily disbanded, you would by this time two years have the support of about 400 more of them thrown on in the already reduced resources of the Catholic public, j But, my brethren, if you, like the Harp, consider that the Sisters, such as they were, have been a blessing in South Australia ; if you think that, by the fact j of such a description of girls being in- ] vested in a religious habit, the interests of your religion were served, and that therefore you would have no objection to supporting them, even though their num bers were multiplied two-fold, three-fold, or even five- fold, then by all means let there be re- established an Institute of a similar type for the purposes of edifica tion. Mark you, I say for the purposes of edification; but for God!s sake, qnd for the sake of the respectability of Catho licity in this colony, and for the sake of the duty, the solemn duly, which as parents you owe unto your offspring, let' us have a superior class of teachers to impart something like a suitable educa tion to our children. An idea has been lately very sedu lously circulated amongst you to the effect, that the Sisters were no encum brance to the diocese, that they lived on the receipts of their schools and the alms of the faithful, and that their convents had been erected by the donations of admirers and of friends. Well, we shall see how much of truth and how much of falsehood is in such a rumor. Here is a letter from one of the bankers of Adelaide, calling on the Bishop when on his death-bed, to place the debts of the diocese on a satisfactory footing. The items are as follows :—Convent and educational purposes, £3,824 ; Mitcham, £434 14s. 8d. What think you now, mv brethren, of that statement in the Irish Harp, wherein it is asserted that the Sisters had been no expense to the diocese of Adelaide ? Every pound of that money must be either directly or indirectly paid by you, the struggling Catholics of South Aus tralia. What is now your opinion about the soundness of your poor Bishop's policy for his having taken a step that would prevent the recurrence of such a heavy debt on the people entrusted to his care 1 Can you not, my brethren, appreciate his consideration for your temporal as well as eternal interests ?—you the poorest denomination in South Australia—when he stepped in to stem the tide of debt that was inundating the diocese—a debt (there is no concealing it) that was certain in a very short space of time to render that diocese absolutely bank rupt. And it was for this proceeding that had been forced on him by the emergencies in which he found himself, that the,. Irish Harp, the boasted exponent of Catholic opinion in South Australia, had termed him tyrannical and unjust,, and .that when on his death-bed, when even' com mon decency should have taught them to refrain from aspersions on his memory, they have given expression to such un mitigated chagrin as to cause even per sons who have never known or seen him, to treat their effusions with the most unqualified contempt. we nope, saia rney, -■ mar ne snail recover, in order that he may repair the scandals which he has effected in his diocese." My brethren, when your late lamented Bishop had ceased to breathe, they, his enemies, seemed either to feel ashamed of their unbridled satirical spirit; or they thought it better for their own individual interests before the public to veer a little in their principles, and, as they could no longer wound !he feelings of the Bishop (for his warfare was at an end), they turned upon those whom they styled his advisers, and threw on them all the responsibility of the late scandals of the diocese. And, my brethren, they at the same time threw out this sop for the public palate—"It has been now clear*/ esta blished that these proceedings (alluding to the disbanding of the Sisters of St. Joseph) were not the spontaneous acts of the Bishop—than whom a kinder-hearted nor benevolent man never breathed, as every one who knew him can testify." That sentence, my brethren, was written when he was dead; but I shall quote for you another sentence that was written when he was living, and when there was still a hope of his recovery. In a certain instance, when referring to a letter written in the daily papers, by the Bishop's medical attendant, the Iris\ Harp made use of this respectful ancf edifying language :—" Why did he (mean ing the doctor) retail, even at a Bishop'^ request, a statement which is utterly untrue V' That sentence, my brethren, was in. plain English, equivalent to saying that the Bishop told his medical attendant to tell a deliberate lie. And that was the organ that up to the present time styled itself the exponent of Catholic views. And listen to a little more of the res pectful language of Catholic laymen to their Bishop: — "If he take3 (it says, again referring to the Bishop's medical adviser) to be deputed to publish every querulous and spiteful remark that his patients may make in the irritation of sickness." 1' Spiteful remark" in one issue of the Irish Harp—"More kind-hearted man never breathed" in another. How do these two sentences hang together in your mind as Catholics ? Is there anything like consistency in them ? And this was the paper that pretended to be the ex ponent of Catholic opinion in this diocese —Exponent of Catholic opinion ! I shall tell you, my brethren, what it is—what it has been for the last six months—a virulent cancer in the bosom of Catholicity in South Australia, and a cancer, my brethren, on whose purulent matter some of you, I am sorry to say. have up to the present been foolish enough to feed. Its Editor had been on two occasions admonished by the Bishop not to be interfering or dictating on matters that solely concerned the ecclesiastical interests of the diocese—but it was to no purpose. Naturam exp&las; furca tamen usque re curret—which means, my brethren, that it is impossible to keep out the tide with a pitchfork. The Editor or proprietors of the Harp have been converts from a form of belief in which every one acts as his own master, and they have conse quently found it rather difficult of prac tice to yield in matters of discipline (as the Catholic Church insists on) to those who have been divinely appointed as their guides. They accordingly contemned the admonition of their Bishop ; pointed out to him, as the exponent of Catholic views, what he should do, and what he should refrain from in purely ecclesiastical concerns ; attempted to dictate to him in the eyes of the public as to the time he should call meetings for special objects, and as to the particular individuals to be summoned to those meetings, and the places in which they should be convened; The Bishop immediately felt that those parties were departing from the true spirit of Catholicity. Twice had he warned them from dictating to their Bishop the time and the nature of his duties. His warnings they ignored ; and not only did they ignore but they despised them. The Bishop saw the danger that was impending to his flock. He imme diately, .by virtue of his office as chief pastor, raised his warning voice to guard it against the wolves in sheep's clothing. What ^was the result 1 The managers of the Irish Harp took an attitude of defiance- The Bishop told his people that they 'Were no longer to consider that organ tfiBf&xponent; of Catholic views in South Australia^ but they, the proprie tors of the Irish Harp, told their sub scribers and the public not to listen to their Bishop on the subject—that they were somewhat better instructed in the matter ; that he, the Bishop of the dio cese, had no right to caution his ft ck against their teachings, and that they would continue to be the exponents of Cotholicity in this colony, whether the Bishop should think well of approving or disapproving of their views. What, my brethren, in plain English, was the meaning of intemperate language such as that? Why, simply this—that if the Bishop did not do as they dictated, if he would not be regulated and ruled by them as to what was Catholic doctrine, and what was not; if he would not knuckle down to their teachings, and again become a student in theology under those eminent divines, there was nothing else for it than that they should take the management of the Catholic Church in this colony altogether into their own hands, and instruct through the medium of their erudite columns, the Catholics of South Australia in the duties of their religion. And, accordingly, in a short time, we find them telling their Bishop and the public that he, the Bishop, was in a state of mortal sin—that by reason of his acts he was, ipso facto, suspended from the exercise of his jurisdiction for one calendar month ; that he had adopted a line of proceeding that rendered him liable to be deposed, and fifty other teachings, ex cathedra ncoplvytorum, from the chair of the neophytes. My brethren, if such articles appeared against a Catholic Bishop in any other part of the world in a public paper, that paper would have been burned in effigy in the public streets. 1 have somewhere read these words —"Sutor m ultra crepidam," which means literally, " Let a shoemaker not go beyond his last," and the moral of which is that any man who endeavors to distinguish himself in any other profes sion than his own, is sure, as a rule, to make a fool of himself in the attempt. Now, the great outcry against the ex communication of the Superioress of the Sisters, is founded on the belief that the Bishop inflicted on her that punishment, simply because she would not accept of that non-existent thing which has been resounding in our ears for the last four months—a new rule. I emphatically deny that there is a particle of truth in such a concoction. It was said in the Harp that I told Sister Mary to go to Bagot's Gap by the morning train, under the new rule. I again emphatically deny that when telling her to go to Bagot's Gap, I added that she was to live under a new rule ; and not only do I deny it, but I shall prove that I could not have said it by a most unanswerable argument, which is this—that there was no new rule in exis tence, and therefore I could not possibly have asked her to live under it. 1 simply told her what the Bishop's orders were, and she as simply told me that she would not obey them. Previous to her giving this answer I was asked by her assistant, whether it would not be advisable that they should hold a Chapter, and determine what they had better do. And my answer was that I could not in common reason recommend anything of the sort—that the Bishop was the Chapter, whose decisions were to be followed. Ihe Chapter, however, was subse quently held, and all the Sisters in the establishment were either directly or in directly counselled to rebel against thfir Bishop. It is better, my brethren, that you should know those matters. Such know ledge may be useful to you at some future day, when God may permit His Church' to be tried as it has been of late. But to return. J. said that the Sisters were counselled to rise up in rebellion against their Bishop.; and, my brethren, they did rise up against the highest authority in South Australia, and they rebelled and re belled to such an extent as to extort from him, at a subsequent period, these words :—" I believe that if in the exer cise of my jurisdiction as a Bishop, I went down to that part of the city where those poor unfortunate creatures, who are a libel on our nature, are congre gated together, I would meet with more submission and respect from them than I have received at the hands of the SiBters of St. Joseph." And, my brethren, it was for Sister Mary's having stimulated and excited this rebellious spirit in those under-her charge, for her having stirred up mutiny-in the barque of Peter, and not for her not ac cepting of a rule that never had an ex istence, that the Bishop, in the exercise of a bounden duty, was forced to inflict on her the heaviest penalty of the Church. My brethren, you will believe me, the Bishop made no new rule. He intended to make no change in the essentials of the original rule. He simply and solely wished to change the discipline, and to this he was constrained by pressure on all sides. The people demanded it; the priests deman ded it; the Holy See demanded it ; com mon sense itself demanded it. What he wanted to effect was simply this—that those of the Sisters who were capable of teaching, or who could by study in time be rendered capable of doing so, would be left exclusively to the business of the schools, and not be expected to attend to any domestic duties, so as to be able to devote their whole time and energies to the purposes of education; and that, on the other hand, those who were un qualified for teaching purposes, or inca pable of ever being rendered so, would confine themselves exclusively to domes tic duties, and thus give the others who were more highly gifted an opportunity of improving their minds, and thereby imparting a sounder and more finished education to the Catholic children of this diocese. That, my brethren, was the principal change ; in fact, I might say, it was the only change the Bishop intended making, and let me aga;n remind you that that was not a change of rule, but a change of discipline. And 1 ask you to day to put your hands on your heatts and say whether that was not a reason able and a just proceeding and whether it was not absolutely and peremptorily re quired. It wouldoseem as if the Sisters had got it into their heads, from some source or another, that the power of the Chapter of the Sisters assembled in conclave was superior to that of the Bishop, in fact, that beyond such tribunal there was no appeal. That was as much as to say that the Chapter was superior to any power in the Church; for when the original rule of the Sisters was sent to Borne for the approval and sanction of the Holy See, the Holy See sent it back again without either its approval or its sanction, which, in effect, was saying this to the Bishop : —Borne will have nothing to say to that production ; as it stands we cannot sanc tion it; and, therefore, we still leave it in your power to make some alterations. Moreover, we, by our refusal to approve of it, give you to understand that some alterations are absolutely necessary. In a word, what Rome meant was this—we wash our hands out of that Institute : look you to it, and see that it be either improved or disbanded. And this was the Institute concerning which it was questioned by the lay divines of Adelaide, whether the Bishop of the diocese—the only authority of the Church that recognized it, had the power of making any alterations in its discipline. But I am not done with the matter yet. It has been stated by the Harp that the Bishop took advantage of the absence of the Rev. Father Woods in order to break up the Sisterhood, and that he asked the Archbishop to detain him (Father Woods) in Sydney, while his advisers were effecting for him that ob ject. As to the first part of that statement, I shall only say, that if after the Bishop had taken from Father Woods (which he did) the directorship of the Sisters, he (Father Woods) returned to Adelaide and demurred against the Bishop's pro ceeding, the Bishop, under such cir cumstances, would be bound in con science, in order to maintain the autho rity of the Church, to treat him in a similar manner to that in which he had treated Sister Mary when she rebelled against his authority, for it is by such discipline—and by such discipline alone —that order, and harmony, and truth are preserved in the kingdom of Catho licity. As to the second part of the Harp's statement, namely, "that the Bishop requested Dr. Polding to keep Father Woods in Sydney until his advisers had succeeded in abolishing the Institute," I have to tell you that had Father Woods been here before the Bishop's death, he would have been called on (and I am sure as an exemplary priest, he would not fail to do it) to contradict that statement in the public press, for, dear brethren, every priest in Adelaide can bear testi mony to the fact that the truth of that matter was precisely the reverse ; and that it was Dr. Polding that asked by telegram for Dr. Sheil's permission that Father Woods might remain for a short time longer in Sydney ; and not that Dr. Sheil asked the Archbishop to keep him away until the Sisters should be dis banded. Why, dear brethren, as has been al ready said by some person in print, you would imagine from such statements that Father Woods was the Bishop, and the Bishop Father Woods ; or, rather, that it was questionable which of the two had the most power in the management of the diocese. And now, dear brethren, even if Father Woods had been in Ade laide when the Bishop had been, as I have shown you, forced to disband the Sisters, by pressure brought to bear on him from every side—pressure from the necessities of education—pressure from the scandals that had been occasioned by them in his diocese—pressure from the protests of the priests—pressure even from Rome itself ; even, I say, if Father Woods had been in the diocese, could you imagine for a moment that he would be so silly or so mad as to question in such matters the authority of his Bishop. I know that a great deal has been said about appeals going to the Holy See, and going through no less a personage than the Metropolitan of Sydney. 1 here is the contradiction of that statement in my hands. You can see that—they are Government telegraphic forms; so that there can be no doubt as to their authen ticity. When I was travelling some months ago with the Bishop on his visit to the South-Eastern portion of his diocese, he received a telegram from Father Woods stating that an appeal was going through His Grace by the next mail to Rome. The Bishop did not pay any notice ; much less reply to such a telegram; and, after the space of about an hour, when, I suppose, l ather Woods consulted the Archbishop on what he had done, or, rather, what he had said, a telegram came from His Grace to Dr. Sheil saying that the proceeding of Father Woods had neither his concur rence nor approval. In the course of the evening another telegram came from Father Woods, in which he begged to be allowed to withdraw that statement about an appeal to the Holy See. So much for the assertion of the Harp that an appeal was going to Rome through His Grace the Archbishop of IRttiijfil" my brethren, do you see how yoirnave been duped by the misrepresen tations and falsehoods of the Irish Harp— the exponent, as it terms itself, of Catholic views in South Australia. Do you think after this that you could ever place any credence in a single sentence of its co lumns ? Do you not feel that an injus tice has been done to your departed Chief Pastor, when he was decried and defamed as one who had brought scandal and disgrace upon this diocese ? Do you not feel within your hearts at this moment that he has been an illused, calumniated, and slandered Bishop ? It has been said that he has effected a deal of mischief in this diocese. "We hope," said the Harp (when his life was in the balance), "We hope he shall recover, in order that he may repair the mischief which he has effected in his diocese." Of the sin cerity of that hope I shall say no thing, but I shall briefly recount to you the mischief which your Bishop has brought about during his five year's episcopacy in Adelaide. He came here to find the religious wants of his people, by reason of a scarcity of priests, unsatis factorily attended to, and not a single establishment wherein a finished educa tion might be afforded to his children. He immediately set about remedying the evil, and during that short space of five years here is the mischief that has been caused the diocese by his administration : —He brought out from Europe 18 addi tional priests and seven nuns; built 11 churches, a lecture hall, and five schools. He lately established a diocesan seminary, where the children of Adelaide could avail themselves of the advantages of a first-class education ; and last, and not least, whatever he possessed when dying he bequeathed to whom, my brethren—: to whom—to relatives and friends 1—no, not at all; but to you, his people, for the promotion of the Catholic interests of South Australia. : In his last moments, when asked to forgive one from whom he had resolved never to remove the censure which he had inflicted for her contumacious disobedience until such time as she would make an humble apology in public print, he gene rously leant to mercy's side, and desired one of the priests in attendance to remove the excommunication under which she lay. It was the act of a worthy follower of that merciful Redeemer, who said for his enemies in his dying hour—"Father forgive them, for they know not what they do." But even that act of mercy has . been misconstrued into an act of repafS? tion for what they would mischief of his ^ tation of his mofivdi&fifiR; ^r.'ihrc-n, I lock on as nothing lessSMnrai cj. iha. : the pro-1 ceeding of the Jews'^ra^timy'pyt'a spear into our Saviour's satisfy them selves that he was dead. h or his sufferings, however, dear brethren, in the cause of religion he has not as a body blamed you his people." His last thoughts were given to you—his last prayers were breathed for you. A day or two before his death he was heard to say, " I commit my diocese to the care of the blessed Virgin ; and I pray that God will have mercy upon my people." These, dear brethren, were not the sen timents of a spiteful man, such as his enemies gave your poor Bishop credit for in his dying hour. Ah ! could those enemies have witnessed the scene that took place before his death, they would be forced to retract that calumny on one of the most amiable and tender-hearted Bishops that has ever lived. Could they have seen, as I have seen, 11 priests, one' after another, kneel down by his bedside, and hear him calling them individually by their names as he imparted to them a father's blessing, accompanied by a father's prayer, that God would guide and guard them ; could they, I say, have witnessed such a scene between the father and his children—the Bishop and his priests, and have observed that not a single indi vidual of those who knelt down to bid him a long farewell, arose from his embraces without choking sobs and copious tears, it would have been for them a lesson that would impress them till the hour of death. Spiteful man in the hour of sickness ! My God ! was it not the admiration of every one that beheld him on his dying bed—laity as well as priests—to notice his consideration and anxiety for every one around him—all the tractableness of a child in doing everything he was bid— and all the gentleness ef a dove in calmly succumbing to his doom. Spiteful man ! Oh, when I think of the candour, the gentleness, the patience, and the un bounded charity of my poor Bishop in his last illness, and find him stigmatised in the press as a spiteful man, I cannot, dear brethren, contain my feelings. There are two sorts of martyrdom—a martyrdom of the body, and a martyrdom of the mind, and the ashes of a martyr of the latter kind—of a martyred bishop —are lying in your midst. The cares of his diocese were many, and he magnani mously bore them ; his episcopal duties were laborious, and he faithfully dischar ged them ; but his nature was too sensi tive, and his enemies were too bitter, and they killed him. He cared for you as a father in his life—he loved you in his death; and I would now ask you, my brethren, in all the sincerity of your heart, to offer up a prayer to the Almighty for the repose of his immortal soul. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. Printed at the Advertiser, Cirouicle, and Express offices, .by John Henry Barrow and Thomas King, corner of King William and "Waymouth Streets, Adelaide. 