STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. On Tuesday, March 26. a double celebration took place at the above church. In the after- soon the foundation-stone of the schoolroom in connection with that place of worship was laid by the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., and in the nvufOen m a tea and public mooring to wafeowM the reverend BaaUemui ai the new pastor, in the afternoon there was a consider able gathering of Mr. Symes's own flock mod friends bom other congregations, both Inde paaj|s?t. and «f irtfw J?n**mir*t'"nf. At 4 \- im-ih hour appointed for laying the fhmfllstinn-stona, there were present the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Jefferis, Cheetham, D^te^V^bplftobdiiithe fonndftticm \- •w9K?k!t^"'Q^VQ?> win VftS Enow .UOQSRn* ' Iliigllllliiik'Jtortaaefa laid by\b^Sr. Gmph of the ftpvmos; the Revs. H. Cheetham, M. H. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe .tsVftig p*ri in theooremuuj. The erection of thPSttfioeis undertaken by the Church and im>nyira>i^nn ii/nililim inthe Btow Oon. fTWgstkfisl Ohsrph, the Rev. C. B. Symes, \- . SXTSiv -Xtuferi Henry Giles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dunn, D. Adamson. L. Grayson, M. Goode being deacons. 'Glory be to the , TV^^ffctoA^n.lt^fa>the ttJy Ghost.' a^.VA^,^ Adayor, D*rid Adj^ TmSiklPW?wuMitiVrwPanda, A-UtmhUt ?^SMnff*J|ss?'.<?S?j% .yw?uaHfiiy w•hWOW" HajH R jK?M>v luaa^ % 8. *teim. Bobert *tefl??sft:%italnMe; awhi, teat, Abo* <Oondag; builders, Brown and xhonrpsotL*' The Rev. C. B. Symes then laid the stone tonal ftjcmititMa, .and addressed the -.sasssnbbjge* HeaajklJhe.haaliio>di>ubttheoere- : ' ■ihyfbiybad jm* witmed appeared wme \- vkatlMnat njjfeework of laying the atone, Wmm^P* ftm would be more HIBHV3BIWmBB^HIS>~ fIHDBBBCItt VBD WOTS. CBdlSa . Jsn'jbgafcjdt ftddk] when completea. Hit ■■ "• SfSlSff' I''*- l?a«p^DO—UuaUia a? to stand -T' ttiirniuh irfA wW flaw tm Tr*frMnr \- £:>MipwMC?W'*? Ur ■Hem ud^bjeota! r - Safe wicklaylM&n; thAU-skar and distinct ■'■-; -:#^Sl^il*'l*!' *H ? WMt ■*" -*■** ; - jWK^MIi i*4:>opl into :flie wnk.' He V - - Jjmutfiujjm thii atnnri of tt« old temple ■'-, Si3^#iaf«todint.aiatb«atiMi*Si. iw^vmiwWaaiof^ietfdootdnlnev*. Tha AwJifejto, mwim mid bo* mom fitHu «M^ltej^aA*t?ipa4?ya«a> mnrtnave . nrjem* £****+,&** Hum} m> <he. would WtKW**Ww Hwe nginhiML ■ I*ey were Inde naailwi^ W" li-f J Wjinr the lammS* email na££Zd MEifhrnSdaMSM?STnatiUed, Into «b> the atone. w?j^Eh«jM?ena&%e atonement, and in twMUbr-Oaoatiaibuiackneir?atareandneir aMajbitheaML Xkeaajrentteoardinaltnitiu ftifj ifcniiWjhy .mind, of the llAUMrrtl?ii^bey werendned bytiiefaiLre. hl?lirty^ewaCHmt,aadMO?tffied i^the ■Ma nffi flnrl ainitn' tixi iiMfit^Hr to %>d« m*Sk£* jftivtmOmi -^ «rvj other fib^f^^^iwm?l?.ienoo?Bl£?wnoffi^, Ml MMH^te •wp^fldn, and ttatlTwu •SMBjw fh*t ««i Thej ?Beyad in entire la4apaadoMe of tha oi>U power. Aa their mmSkanMpO^JbofeA.&rwaali; ahare in Mm find bat above all .thing* Oat they , MwJdJMfef* *i =*• OoapefofJew. Ohmt MBMBltadvVith tftjl*T jiiMflTlt—*i •yf"Tlf<^"lll of tmzmgmn. Re** he hooe^ *at, haring JMtawrtadttemJ?uywottldanDOfl«ajne?rneafly Iwj—Hw On,'wiUi the «ddiaattraOaof mami. S* hO?ed*heywwild bebenefited Cvtha ttntmm 1 intaepoe of their teaehen a^T^hjti pafiod when their young rimfaidi mm IflbTiSten BieUl-niady to! take tih* ahap* into «Uoh ewh good infldenbe ,M%ht sofot it. He believed in the ttimiWl: Pjaonal wiflaeno? to promote the . MidtaMww-being of the yonnx. For «uoh W#MM ■*• <?«??«>> «>oae ,P? •aat x*l t«« kto in the day to vindimte «aa*etfc-«anool*—Godhad blened them for a *2b9&yma.; IheyiSed Hii Uoniiig, and lfceyilrrJfor«h9 pr?yetaot Hit peeple ?ho waihlw trA in ttat aanntntry, and they might fairly «>pia the wterart of othera. They had 200 ashdat* in Oat aehool; and 100 at the bnb^ aenool In Matter part of the 6>wil fflb.'ttat tiuy imght fairfy olaim the rTr*irfff*T*i** J P" r? <*i*''M'fip tiraui?' feUbv TrnrSitiift1'" ~?Mt«^«y | I«Jr^i~fa?1 «Jr^i~fa? f^i. aaofiber far IMb and •ympriby, he trwftecHJod abore all #o&iw;?fii bfiiaiDftWHjnttoircfforts. They expeoted that God wonlf grant hi. Men. ing, tih«/«svMtad toeaionfldrentaaed witKn Hut Wtfa 111 fill f^'tT^r" Of tnflnwina a^d wrnlneai in the Oharoh; they Mk ' *mia ?a^y thoa? who labored tkanu He hppeA. ttie Chareh at large would aaegood oanaettoiOeii the work there in yean The Rev. C. MANTHORPE then gave a brief adlreVk, tondertag^ the «ymp«.tfy of rirtor Ohnakea with ttat work, They felt that a (ton ?a? Mtoompbte wittont die SriA.th ■enoM.'and for Oat ttere most be aooom- P-^ft— aaa he had been told hov anah Halt had bean needed in connection with that Ohmnh. They ahonld cbive to aeons or retain their elder aeholan, aaator Oat they mut ha*e annwinnodiition ■and Manto ehMMb JNo dosbt there W? ttMwsnowere ready to gather young people amnaOam. foe ttay n^teMartrayif no ow looked attar OemVfneir aympatty with IbMwDrkaaoSdbepraotiaal, and fiehoped ft : wpoj* he ao. Xbe Btow Ohnroh and tte ftee man^rtreetOtonh bad helped many othenln F** W* ? k"B i f«? wry few not inleptod to the parent <amran, and they would only be MeM^F^tafnltt they returned tuatlibe. The Rev. M. H. HODGE then engaged In Mggar., and the Doxdogy and Benediotion ' * feliffyl*l^ ia a> deveriptio?. of iha aohool* Hoom-Diei^iing ?«of Theex tariortakeithefdraof a ohnroh, having a nan tiiril-f*'■t'-'T- Xheoentral portion fa a laetore ball, 09 fM long by 36 feet wide, and 2« feet Ugh, seated far upward, of 400 penoni, and fnSahad with a platform isd «aaw for the a£S^ary.U«iaUU«iitadbyl6elerastoty windows, whfchaanaJa? be opened to aadrt the iLiiUbWMi • Aaadsaof doors on eaehaldeof 1 the hall optn into the various okas rooms, i Conntttre room, waiting room, kitchen, tie., i which will he 6tted complete under the same r contract. The exterior is of den Osmond ■ stone, with dressings of freestone and wV.ts i and oolort-J biicks. the whole work, iiicliul'ug ■ an extensiou of thn shed aoosmmodation for , vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &a;, i is contracted for by Messrs. Brown & Thomp- son, at £1,889. THE BVBNING. In the evening, tea and public meetings were ■ held in the Church, which was very handsomely i decorated with Bowers and evergreens, the word I "Welcome" being displayed in flowers on the organ gallery. At each meeting the attendance was large, and comprised many representatives of sister Churches, as well as those of other d« nomuiafaona. The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., late pastor of Stow Church, presided, and there were also upon the platform the Revs. C. B. Symes, and numerous other reverend gentle men. The proceedings having been opened with doging and prayer. The Ch&ibhau;, who was very cordially received, remarked that, notwithstanding he was present at some personal incon venience, he was glad to be able to be there under the circumstances in whioh they were met. The last time he stood upon that platform, he took part in a valedictory meeting, about 12 months ago, and he felt that sinoe then bis talents had become somewhat rusted, and'he doubted his ability almost to make even a short speech. Being there as their former pastor, by merely introducing the Rev. Mr. Symes, he should doubtless have given satisfao- turn. He gladly united with the members of the Church in according a very hearty wel come to Mr. Symes, and he should ever look upon his labors with interest, and his success would ever be a sonrce of gratifica tion to him. That meeiing being a welcome to Mr. Symes, was a fulfilment of their many desires. When the pastorate became vacant it was neoessary they should seek for a pastor to occupy that position. His own belief was that they should send to England for a minister, whilst it was suggested by others that they ahould look round the colonies for one. Doubtless there were many who were capable of filling the position, but he urged against the suggestion, that it would be taking the hsad away from some other Church. He therefore suggested that they should look to KngTand for a supply, and he was glad tojthink that Independency was becoming more elastic and catholic in its character. Having I decided apon sanding to England for a minister, their thoughts were naturally directed towards their old friend the Rev. Thomas Binney, whose Mirittrtnoo was obtained in the selection. It hid been said that Mr. Binney was the Arch bishop of Independency, and certainly if that title were recognised amongst them, he knew no man mote able to occupy that position; and it was gratifying to note that Mr. Binney—who was the minister by whom the Rev. T. Q. Stow, who had besn IS yean pastor of the Church, and himself, who occupied the position for a period of 15 years, were recommended to the Church—was still spared to send out another minister to them. In this last selection the co-operation of the Rev. Mr. Hannay and the Rev. Mr. Allan were obtained.. Their friends in England were not bound by instructions, bat were sufficiently conversant with their cir- j enmsfamnet, and were aware that, the position being an important one,' it was desirable that the minister selected should be no nonce. The issue was that Mr. Symes was.amongst them, and he had no doubt he would vindicate fiie sofcwtion. He trusted that all that had been done had been done with divine sanction, and he hoped that through Mr. Symes's ministry the Church might grow in grace, in telligence, and charity. He looked upon the position Mr. Symes was called upon to occupy as a noble and responsible one, and one in the ofwnpation of which, he hoped, he would re ceive that co- operation and encouragement that he ought It would not be in his power to give much aid to Mr. Symes, but no one would mare deeply sympathise with him, or take a deeper interest in the progress of the Church than he ahould do. (Applause.) The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., who was re oeiTad with applause, said he would take the liberty of expressing, in the name of the con gregation, the pleasure it gave to all hearts to see the Rev. Mr. Evan in the ohair on that oo oaoos. Tney,«pprooi«Jed the sacrifice at whioh be had oome to oooupy thitposition—the phyu «al strain and mfienng thereby oocarioned ; and he thought heNinight venture to say the mental pain which, through having been pastor for 16 years, be most feel in meeting his former people under the eireamstanees he then fid. Be was sure be should oommetiee bis work among them with the sympathy andlwoflieriy love of their late pastor, and it was his payer that God might - gnat ha might nap some of the fruit of the wed which Mr. Evan had sown. He felt the position he occupied to be one of delicacy, because it made him nuke almost the burden of his speech personal allusion; but it became bin to state why he "had aocepted the pastorate of that Church. The invitation came to him when en gaged in .Plymouth, England, and was con veyed through the Rev. Messrs. Binney, Allan, and Hannay. On reoeiving the invitation he hsd no- idsa«f ohange, and it struck him with surprise. At first be felt very loth to enter, tain ft, but be could not help adrfng himself why Qod had allowed that invitation to erae to hiarr and he felt he must give up his own will in the matter, and be (raided by Him. With reference to the invitation, m> -wrote** one dear to him then and dearer now—(alaagh) -7-and received an answer that it seemed the voice of God) and though it would wound them deeply to lene their friends and Snsland, by makma; the saorifioe they would not be giving nothing to Christ. He communicated with those through whom the invitation had reached . him; ; ana learned- that they had before applying to him tried two others, both of them men -who could more ably and efficiently fill that position than himself; but they did not see their way clear to aooept it, and it appeared to him, on that aooount, that be could not turn a deaf ear to the oall with out>eiDK in rebellion. Those dearest to him retarded {be matter in the same light as be did himself ; and, loth as he was to make the saorifioe, be felt he must comply with the invi tation. The importance and difficulty of the position seemed, to make him feel the more pressing nature of the olaim. He came there to preach as simply, as lovingly, asd as forcibly as he eould the great vital truths of the Gospel which had been his comfort for many Tears and his stiy in. auffarimi faS *rhen be had thought himself new to death, and which would-be-?the rest of bis soul all through his-earthly pilgrimage. He bad oome to preach words which he was persuaded were the words of God; and in th?se days, when in spiration, becanse.it was miraculous, was called in' question, it called upon the Church to be very dear and emphatic in its enunciation of that truth. (Applause.) Inspiratian was a miracle they knew, but if they could not believe in «?i""i«i they could not believe in Christianity or a revelation from God at all; and ao he had come to preach truth, whish he believed to be the inspired Word of God—a Word concerning which it had been said, "Heaven and earth may pass away, but My Word shall not pass away." When he first heard of that Ohurah,: he ""iqi"^ what kind of people they were, and whether they would allow a man of somewhat puritanical sym pathies to break bis heart He believed in the vital truths of.tbeiWotd—U man's naturally sinful eondition; in the full atonement of Christ on behalf of the sins of the whole j world; so that now there was no hin drance to any accepting redemption exeepting that found in their own heans;' and in the work of the Spirit in renewing the hearts of man, and in fitting them forth* fellowship of the pure. These wore the "cardinal truths whioh had been dear to him; and would be the theme of his -minton bare.. -With regard to ike pastoral he felt very reluctant to say much of what he was going to be in relation to the pastorate life and work; he would far rather that that should reved itself in the future. As regarded their idea of what their pastor should be, he eould fancy they would like their pastor to be very careful and prayerful in his pulpit ministrations ; they would like him to be not merely a man for the pulpit, but a man for the home-^t man having fellowship in the ex periences of life; they would Uke to have * man with whom they could feel—one who would share their sorrows and joys—one wbo would love their children, and draw them around him, and one who would associate with all their life and work. The earnest worker would like a pastor to sympathise with hia parti-, cular forms of work—one who would stand shoulder to shoulder with him in his work; They would like their pastor to be a man of broad and catholic sympathies—one who would take a delight in the work of God outside hit own Ohuroh. Their old pastor would smile at the lofty standard raised, but he liked to havealofty standard, in order that his inspi ration might be high. He had described an ideal p?tor, to which ideal he should strive to rise, and. with the grace of God, to some ex ten^ hoped to succeed. Hedid not believe a minister's work eaded in the pulpit; there were other forms of labor in which he might engage. Respecting the duties of the Church and congregation, he would say that to reach the idesl which he bad given there must be great forbearance and sympathy on fiie part of the people. He hoped to have friends rallying round him, that they might unitedly prosecute the work of God, for he was, no more than their former pastor, the man for those who simply wanted a professional pastor. He asked them to excuse his attendance at evening parties and evening entertainments, but he should, he said, go into their homes, and more in and out amongst them. He was not going to ask them to give him their love and trust as ha enjoyed the love and taut of the Church he had left, and as their late pastor had had theirs. Tie verb to love had no imperative mood. It was the growth of time, and whikt it was gracing be eould not ask them to trust him- with the trust of experience, but be eouU ask them to trust him with the trust of. generous and praieiful oharity. Stand ing alone ha was very feeble, bat be hoped whilst he was spared to labor, it i, would not be with' any feeling of loneliness; , but from the welcome he had received, he oould e not anticipate that they ware going to leave 3 him to labor alone. They would please rally a cordially and heartily around him. They mist % join h-uit to heart, hand to hand, and in con r nectiou with this work, he would ask every sec , tion to contribute its share. From these who \- had been many yean connected with the Church, he asked counsel—asked them for sug gestions growing out of their experience, which would be received as Irin^naM, and most re ? spaotfully, hut they mutt not be pained if those r suggestions were tot always acted upon. They [ would remember that a pastor had to balance ) the forces of life, so that no one aeoiion i oould always feel that its particular [ suggestions and opinions were being oar tied out Se earnestly asked the co-opera. I tiou of old and young, and reminded them of i the necessity of prayer, as there was no human , power, no human enotUD, that ooold aoeom ■ plish God's work without the assistance of the , HolySpirit. Might God send them prosperity ; and to this cud might they «U rise as the heart of one man to give Him no rest day or , night till He established and made Jerusalem a \ praise in the earth. (Applause.) The Rev. Jas. Jefferis, in addressing the Chairman, said it gave him very gnat pleasure ; to see him preside over .that meeting, and he thought he would feel that the sympathies of his fellow-miniaten had been with him under the circumstances in whioh he had been placed, and that their prayers had been that God would restore him to those duties which in days of old he had bo ably fulfilled. His rising that evening was in compliance with a request that he would, on behalf of the Churches he represented, offer a few words of welcome to the Rev. Mr. Symes, and he was sure in that welcome, ai had beenj shown. Churches of other denominations in the city and suburbs most heartily joined, and that it was dis tance alone which prevented some of their friends from taking part in the expressions of welcome that evening. The ministers in this colony, he might say, were like a free masonry, and to any minister holding similar views with themselves a most hearty welcome would be accorded, anl a prayerful hope be felt that he might be enabled to do God's work. As a minister and a resident in the colony for a long period, he might say that Mr. Symes had come to a new country, come to it, how ever, finding much of the life that he found in the old country—the same sort of people, with the same style of dress, and the same kind of houses; in fact, then were very few differences that would be seen at first. He would find the sun a little warmer, the landscape a little browner, and the grass hoppers a little more abundant than in the old country; but when he lo jked a little balow the surface he would dig-over a considerable altera tion, and that there were not such distinctions in society as in England, and that Christianity was more disintegrated than in the old country. He would also find that thought was freer and more daring—that there was less adhesion to creed and less bowing to authority. With the experiences of his recent visit to Europe, he might say that he preferred life in Aus tralia to life in England. He liked the condi tion of society in Australia better than in >ng land, and he could .say, after 12 years' ex perience in one church-here, that Mr. Symes could never have had' more love in Plymouth than he would have in this colony, and amongst his own people. At all events he could say personally that he would not wish for love more sincere than he met with here, or helpers more earnest than those with whom he worked. So that he trusted Mr. Symes's career would be a happy and a successful one and (extending the hand of welcome to Mr. Symes) as a minister and fellow-servant in Christ, he most cordially welcomed him amongst them. (Applause.) Mr. M. Goode, before the collection was made, mentioned that upon the old church premises—which had been used as a schoolroom —being given up, it was necessary that steps should be taken to providn fresh acoommoda dation. Several farads had offered generous assistance if the Church would contribute liberally themselves. Having expressed his pleasure at seeing so many representatives of other Churches present on such an interesting occasion, he concluded with an appeal to the meeting for their liberal assistana A collection realising £23 was then made. The Rev. S. Mead (Baptist) said he had been asked to speak for a few moments, as being connected with another section ef Christ's Church, in according a welcoms to Mr. Symes. It was only true what Mr. Jefferis had said in reference to the jo; the Churches felt in the advent of Mr. Symes am^^g^t them, and he was thankful to see him in their midst. He be lieved many hearts had been cheered by the testimony already borne by Mr. Symes since his appearance amongst them; and on behalf of his own Church and congregation, he gave him a most sincere and hearty welcome, and trusted that his minktratiens might be a great blessing and power in the colony. Re ferring to the very friendly feelings existing amongst the different Churches, he remarked that he was very much touched in hearing an eamestjprayer given utteranoe to on the pre vious Wednesday evening in a neighboring church for Mr. Symes's success. He trusted that his career would not only be helpful and stimulating to Stow Church, but that other Churches might benefit by his association with them. The Rev. James Henderson (Presbyterian) desired to oongratnhte the Oharah and congre gation upon the termination of a long period ot anxiety and suspense. He heartily rejoiced jr*th^mjn,th^ present airoamitanoes. He thought it was well aometimea that a Church should be left without iti stated putor, and he tainted that ttuirsaason of anxiety and suspense would b$ T?jy abundantly bk?sd to them. He hoped their pastor, would at all times recognise in themapaop'e who desired to grow in grace 'and rise' frChristian stature, being more deuioni of spending and being ■sent in the service of the Lord. Mr. Symes, he would say, should receive bo wanner welcome from any Church than from the Psesbyterians. They had heard of Mr. Symes, and he congratulated tha Church on having secured such a pastor, and he also congratulated his ministerial brethren in having with them one whose frtaV energies were likely to stimulate them in their work; He rejoiced in the opportunity of extending a weloome to their pastor, and Jt was hit prayer that he might be guided by Divine power, and that his ministra tions might be abundantly Mf«?^, The Rev. J. S. Wayland (Primitive Metho- dist) briefly addressed the meeting, expressing sympathy with the Ohuioh, and acoording a thoroogh weloome to Mr. Symes. He remarked upon-the increasing friendliness of the various denominational Churches, and observed that there was now a tendenoy to break down the barrier.of isolation which had surrounded them. The Rev. T. Piper (Bible Christian), said he was sure there would not be any dissent from the ■ expressions of sympathy and weloome which had been uttered, and ha hoped that the results of Mr. Symes's labors would be such that he might lpok back upon them with grati fication and much joy. The Rev. Mr. Symes, before the meeting was brought to a dose, proposed In feeling terms a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Evan for pre siding. In acknowledging the very kind ex pressions of welcome to himself he said he hoped their sympathy would ever receive a cordial response. The motion was very heartily carried. The Chairkah, in acknowledging the com pliment, again expressed the pleasure he felt in presiding. He had not had muoh intercourse with Mr. Symes, but ne hoped hereafter that opportunities would be frequently afforded of meeting him. He congratulated him upon arriving when the hot weather was nearly orer, although perhaps he had expert enoed slightly what Australian summers were. WhJBU he arrived in Australia it waa in the summer, and he could well re- SH^.^/WW^SfA" H* ai*? thought the Rev. Mr. Stow arrrvSf Si t£e summer, and that during that period, of the year ha was engaged cutting reeds -for the thatching of the first church in the colony. Since those days they had made great progress, and he trusted that they would yet farther progress. The proceedings, which had been of a most interesting .character, then terminated with the doxology and benediction. During the evening apologies for non- attendanoe were read from the Revs. J. C. McMichael (Congregational), J. Lyall (Presbyterian), J. L. Parsons and H. Lambert (Baptists), and T. James and W. L. Binks (Wesleyans). expressive of very cordial sympathy, and extending an earnest welcome to the Rev. Mr. Symes. 