MR. CALVERLEY'S FLY-LEAVES.* THE schoolboy whom bis master reproves for wasting on caricatures the time and the paper which he ought to be devoting to (in essay on "Industry" gets, it is to be feai-ed, bat little profit if the reprover's discourseis interrupted by a burst of irresistible laughter. It is beyond all question that '0. S. C. merits by what may be fairly called his incorrigible levity the severest rebuke, but we shall not attempt to administer it. Too often, as we read hia volume, did we burst into that spontaneous solitary laughter, which is the highest of all testimonies to a bumourisi's power, not to be aware that it would be quite idle to appeal to the public against so ingenious and so attractive an offender. It was aggra vating, doubtless, when one's feelings liad been stirred up by some unmis takeably beautiful poetry, by some bright picture of nature or pathetic description of feeliug, to find, time after time, that one bad been truly hoaxed : that one's pity or admix'ation bad been thrown away; that the mulier formosa superne ended invariably in a fish of aspect irresistibly ludicrous ; but this, it could easily be seen, was one of the grievances of -which it is useless to complain. Should we quote one of the pieces complained of to show how great was the offence, the Court would certainly be dissolved in laughter, and the accused would escape. Still, we may say, as a matter of serious criticism, that the perpetual jesting is a little wearisome ; that it would be a relief just for once to get the muscles of one's face off the grin. We get uow-a-days, both in talk and in books, quite as much banter and fun as, we need not say is good for us, but as we care to consume. The matter of " good," indeed, we need not discuss. There is a final cause, it is, to be supposed, for acrobats as well as for philosophers. Still, tears are some times as sweet as laughter, and for the pure motive of pleasure we should like to see what a writer so clever as . C. S. C. could show us in the way of serious poetry. Aristophanes some times gives us snatches of verse bo exquisitely beautiful that wo can fancy him a dangerous rival to Sophocles or Euripides; and there are not a few things in the volume before us against which even poets of fame would have to strive hard to hold their own. It would not be easy, certainly, to name any one who has a greater skill »in versification, who can write with more melodious smoothness, or who seems more at ease in the matter of rhyme. Some of the tours-de-forca which G.-S, C" performs in the rhyming way are truly marvellous 5 in " Play," for instance, and "Under the Trees," we got a rush of rhymes, such as one would hardly think our language, generally held not very rich in these harmonies, to be capable of. Here are florae lines of the latter, very fine " fooling" indeed : Under the trees !' Who but agrees That there is magic in words suck as these? Promptly one sees chakc in the breeze Stately lime-avenues haunted of bees : Where, looking far over buttercupped leas, Lads and fair 'silos1 (that is Byron, and he's An authority) lie very much at their ease; Taking thoir teas, or their duck and green . peas, Or, if they prefer it, their plain bread and cheese : Not objecting at all, though its rather a squeeze, ? And the glasB is I daresay at eighty degrees. Borne get up glees, and are mad about Eies . And .Sainton, and Tamberlik's thrilling high Cs { Or if painter, hold forth upon Hunt and Maclise, And the tone and the breadth of that landscape of Lee's; Or if learned, on nodes aud the moon's _ apogees j Or if serious, on something of AICHB's, Or the latest attempt to convert the _ Chaldees; Or in short about all things, from earth quakes to fleas. Some sit in twos or (less frequently) threes, With their innocent lamb*wool or book on their knees, And talk and enact any nonsense you pleaso, As they gaze into oyes that are blue as the seas," -7-and so on for as much more. And here are two stanzas which it would not be easy to surpass in their way : " In the Gloaming to be roaming, where the crested waves are foaming And the shy mermaidens combing locks that ripple to their feet ; Whore the Gloaming is, I never made the ghost of an endeavour To discover-bnt whatever were the hour, it would be sweet. *Fly Ltavts. By C. S. C., Author of " Vorsos aud Translations" Cambridge: Deigliton, Bell and Co, London : Boll and Daldy. 1S72. ""''To their feet,' Isay, for Leech's sketch indisputably teaches That the mermaids of our beaches do not end in ugly tails, Nor have homes among the corals; but are shod with neat balmorals, An arrangement no one quarrels with, as many might with scales." The rhymes display an ingenuity which may well be matched wiih that of Hood or of Ingoldsby. Let the reader note those in some stanzas from " First Love," but let bim first admire the exquisite beauty of the lines which we have marked in italics : " There'she sat- so near me, yet remoter Than a star-a blue-eyed bashful imp : Oil her lap she held a Itappy bloater, "J'wlxl her lips a yet more happy nhrimp. " 0 my own, my beautiful, my blue- eyed ! To bo young once more, and bite my thumb TII At the world and all its cares with you, Id "Give no inconsiderable sum. " Hand in haud we tramped the golden sea weed, Soon as o'er the grey cliff peeped the dawn : Side by side, when came the hour for tea, we'd . Crunch the mottled shrimp and hairy prawn : " Has she wedded some gigantic shrimper, That sweet mite with whom I loved to play? Is she girt with babes that whine and whimper, That bright being who was always gay ? " Yes-she has at least a dozen wee- tliings ! Yes-I see her darning corduroys, Scouring floors, and setting out the tea tilings For a howling herd of hungry boys, " In a home that reeks of tar and sperm-oil! But at intervals she thinks, I know, Of these days which we, afar from turmoil, Spent together forty years ago.'-' The reader will see that 0. S. C.'s forte is parody. He parodies parti cular poets, and is sometimes very happy, and bo parodies poetry in general. Who that strugglod, or strove to struggle, through those dreary Roman lawyers' pleadings in "The Ring and the Book " will not feel a satisfaction in the following : "I did once hitch the syntax into verse ; Verbum permw.de, a verb personal, Concordat-ay, 'agrees,' old JTatchaps cum Noinina'iuo, with its Nomminative, Ocnere, i' point o' gender, num'ro, O' number, et persona, and person. TJt Instance : Sol vuii, down flops sun, et and, Monte* umbrantur, snuffs out mountains. . Pah ! . . . ' " Excuse ine, sir, I think I'm going mad. You see the trick ou't though, and can yourself : ? r Coufcimie the discourse ad libitum. _ - > It tales up about eighty thousand lines." Among the general parodies it is not easy to choose, but " Forever " is per haps as good as any : " Forever ! 'Tis a single word Our rude forefathers deemed it two : Can you imagine so absurd: s -y . , A view? "Forever? What abysms of woe.. f., The word reveals, what frenzy, what Despair ! For ever (printed so) Did not. ? " It looks, ah me ! how trite and tame It fails to sadden or appal Our solace-it is not the samev ? :y ,; At all. "0 thou to whom it first occurred To solder the disjointed, and dower Thy native language with a word Of power. : " Wo bless thee ! Whether far or near Thy "dwelling, whether dark .or fair ; Thy kiugly brow, is neither here Nor there. ! " But in men's hearts shall be thy throne, While the great pulse of England beats : Thou coiner of a word unknown To Keats ! .' - ^ !" And nevermore must printer do As men1 did longago ; but run ' For' into 'ever,' bidding two ' : - Be one. . !" Forever ! passion-fraught, it throws , > ; O'er tlio dim page a gloom, a' glamour : ; It's sweet, it's strange ; and I suppose It's grammar. " Forever !'Tis a single word ! And yet oiir fathers deemed it two : Nor am I conlident they erred j Are you ? " :If Pliny is right when he says, apolo gising for the high praise with which he has spoken of a friend's parodies (mimiambos) "nullum est genus, quod absolutum, non potest eloquoniissimuni dioi," d.S.C.'s " fly-leaves " certainly deserve to be called eloquentissima. 