THEATRE ROYAL. On Friday evening Mr. Ireland: took his benefit at the Royal as Hamlet, a part in which he appeared at the Old Victoria Theatre a little more than six years ago. The role of the Danish Prince is rather an ambitious one, and those who were not present at Mr. Ireland's impersonation of the character in 1S66, were inolined to receive the praises the press be stowed upon the performance with some amount of scepticism; but the opinions we ex pressed then of the merits of the representation, ■ were strengthened by its repetition last evening. It might be possible to suggest improvement in one or two points. Here and there in soliloquy the cadence might be thought a trifle too mild for one possessed of Hamlet's stern resolve, but this is a matter quite open to debate. In the eifort to find fault, we detected the emphasis falling on the wrong word in the line, "These but the trappings and the suitB of woe." The last word, we need hardly say, should not be emphasised, but this error, which was no doubt a mere slip, was the only one we noticed in the delivery of the text, which throughout was most appropriate and effective, and the acting worthy ot the elocution. In fact, Mr. Ireland's Hamlet was a great success, and. the absorbed interest of the house was sustained unbroken, save» now and then by the eocentrioitiea of some of the other personages of the drama. Next in merit to Hamlet we place Mr. "Warde's ■Ghost of the Prince's father. Considering how i very easily spectral scenes npon [the stage may be made ridioulous, great credit is due to an actor who can keep up the unearthly character of the apparition, and deliver the ghostly utterances in a style of awful solemnity, without a jarring note or action to mar the effect. For the time being Mr. Warde's .representation of this part almost impresses one with a belief in the pro bability of supernatural visitations, until the voice- of Horatio exclaiming " 'Amlet, 'Amlet," dissipates these illusions, and the realities "and" frivolities of earth come hack again. The power of the Ghost from this time is "considerably weakened. _ Miss Carey's Ophelia was a success, and, especially in the difficult mad scenes, she acted with a natural pathos, that won hearty applease. Mr. Appleton played well as Laertes, and was par ticularly effective in the last scene. Mr. Wil liams's Horatio was a decided mistake ; in fact, as he said of the ghost, it was " 'Orrible." Miss Fordeas Osric quite mistook her part. A young courtier would not address a person of Hamlet's rank and misfortunes in the glib and flippant.manner in which she spoke to the un happy Prince. Polonius is generally more or less burlesqued on the st ge, actors too commonly confounding a . well-bred bore with . a rather low buffoon, and Mr. Dunn made the Lord Chamberlain ap pear more than usually absurd. Mrs. Wo'oldridge's Queen was equal to the average; but Mr. Sefton's King was a nondescript, his bearing and style of delivery being unintelligible to any ordinary compre hension. Mr. Greville's gravedigger has been seen several times before on our stage, and. he always does justice to the humor of the part. The rest of the characters were not particularly courtly cr vigorous, but there was enough good acting to make the piece very enjoyable. The play was well mounted, though it was a mistake in producing the graveyard to remind us of a scene in " School," and we do not think the Queen's interview with' Hamlet Bhould' have been in a long corridor. At the fall of the curtain Mr. Ireland, who was called to the footlights and pelted with bouquets at the close of every act, came forward, and warmly returned thanks for the attendance. He said he had never appeared in the part of Hamlet, except on that occasion, and once before in Adelaide, but he hoped he should assume the character again. Again thanking his friends heartily for their patronage, he retired. The house was a good one, though, owing to a very large party the same evening, at which several hundred citi zens, were present, the boxes were not so well filled as might have been expected. The farce of "Pipkin's Kustic Retreat" followed, and caused great merriment. To- night the per formance will commence with the drama of "Flowers of the Forest," and conclude with the burlesque of " Aladdin." 