TbT BLECTEIC TELEOnAPH.J THE DERBY. The race for the Derby was run on Epsom Downs, about half-past 3, on May 29th. Little more than five minutes after wards — {8.30 p.m., Bombay time)— Mr. Staoey, Superintcii dent of tbo British-Indian Submarine Telegraph Company, cjm-teously forwarded us tlie telegram, anuouncingthe result, which was as follows :— Cremorne ... ... ... 1 Brother to Flurry ... ... ... 2 Queen's Messenger ... ... ... 3 Tvventy-tliree horses ran. Thus, Mr. Sa^ ille's colt has proved himself the good horse which his admirers who. stuck to him through thick and thin always believed him to be ; and Maidmcnt, tho lucky 'Churchwarden' jockey, has soared another Derbj' to his credit. Tlie discomfiture of Prince Charlie will surprise no oue who has given tlie matter a thought, A ' roarer' has j never yet won the Derbv, and tho infirmity of the giant son of lilair Atliol is admitted even by his own stable. The ! 'Blue Riband' is contested for this year, for the first time, ' on the new oourso, mid the ' prophets' have all along pre [ dieted tbattlie descent of tlie hill bofore reaching Tattenham ! Corner would prove fatal to King Charlie's chance. We have not yet heard the distance between the first and second horses, but it would seom as if the race has almost resulted iu a surprise to backers and all concerned. Thc'dark' Brofher to Flurry has ,not even been mentioned in the betting — at least, remembering the case of the Zephyr colt last year, not by that name— and we can well imagine the frantic excite ment of the 'bookmakers' during the final struggle for victory, and how crestfallen tlicy would be on finding that the rank outsider had had to succumb to what we might venture , to-say was tlie favourite. Brother to Flurry ran very well as a two-year-old, but it was never thought by those not in the : secret that he stood a ghost of a chance for tho Derby. Lord Falmouth's colt. Queen's- Messenger, was unbeaten till he ran ! third th Prince Charlie m the Two Thousand, and he has nnt ! dfagraced himself by running into a place iu the Derby, Mr. ; Saville's good fortune will beoordially received by sportsmen ; ' lie-iB- oue of the most lumourable of racing men, and is to be congratulated on viumag bis liret Derby, 