hebdomad ali. : ' ; : '!v' "'W IV. , '" ; ' Ut Alfenus vafer, omni . Abjiclo instrumento a,-list clausaque iabtrria, Sutorcrai: Hon.7 Sat. - , The respectablo assemblage of learned noomday owls tlial' .muster in groat forco about. liio 'hebdomadal' " Necrophagi "Court" on Thursdays may lay somo plausiblo claim to lie considered tho stock legal spectacle of the southern hemi sphere. Nowhere on this our -side of' tho lino 'lluurishcs in wanton .luxuriance such a mixed variety of veritable horse-hair. The oxtremcs of quantity and quality loudly attest the, art , of. tho ingenious Ravenscroft. From' tho well-worn Serjeant's wig of tho very learned and blinking ancientthat presides over those spoilers of the dead men, to tho frowsiest nntivo specimen of tonsorial industry in front, rows of pearly whites and dirty greys occupy tho body of Mr. Justice Ohestcr- ti'eld's architectural achievement . of the rich " renaissnnco" design. Midst a congenial and courteous flutter of the cyry, tlio premier owl graciously signifies liis 'tardy arrival-by bobbing low to tho congregated owls and' owlets.-' Rob, bob, boh, with tho regularity of lirio filo-'firing, auspiciously begin- .the rustier old "birds. ..Tho m6re conceited fledglings' in their turn kcop the pot boiling vigorously. Ho who occupies tho highest perch in this ornithological cage— tlio fully fledged owl' with the silkon plumage — sharply utters his favorito screech nnd ducks his somewhat prominent beak. "To him succeeds a notable chatterer with a comical squint that gives liim the easy mastery of a round-tho-corner peep without, the trouble of, going round. A sonton-. tions grizzly, old bird, in full and measured tones, then sonorously supplicates "bubo" presidential. The customary bob is smil ingly vouchsafed by way of reply. ,In rapid succession there flutter with a hasty shako of thoir wing3 tho pompous ' middlo'aged owl, with the major-domo corporation and the pentleman'sgentloman affected simper ; the flowery owlet, with tlio . misproportionod st'ago bumpkin bouquet ; and tho dirty owl; with the rumpled feathers aad tho loud, barsh-grating, bullying scream '' ! . ., ; " That shows no fljht; but runs away, " 1 . " An 1 lives io run" another day.:' . But, perhaps, the most amuiing foathered speci men was a port giowring owl) with tho whitest, poll in the assembly. Having, but lately east 'hi3 feathers and assumed a gay snow-white plumage at the top, his overweening concoit betrayed itself in sundry tosses of his head, to which ho from time to time fatuously directed the attention of the other owls, and likewiso by a low, ill-bred, owlish cry that betokened n formor roost con venient to a bog trotter's cabin or «a potty shopkeeper's aouete'f— a marked do ntrflst 'to 'tEo judicial owl's Hibernian accent, whichls thai of a gentleman. Alfenus practising - at the |bar could still cobble, but hero the wax sticks ter ribly. .... j Turning into tiio now" Agrarian Court," wlicro thethick-set dapper Lord Chancellor presses to'in- deutation the woolsack, wo are unceremoniously hustled by a motley crowd of laymon suitors, j In this tli rouged temploof grievances thoshrewd prosit dent lends to the ill-used applicants a patient car. Here all tho witnesses are advocates of long- windod tendencies. From six to a dozen claimants in each particular case remorselessly urge,! in- stentorian tones and with frantic gestures, lllcir supposed rights and wrongs,'. In the matter qf a horticultural rcsortro not fower f hau , : two jity orators of various calibres botilly plunged into tho merits of their res'pbctiyo claims. Blatant, un couth, aud ungrammatical, the majority co.ulil not appreciate, or at all events' ciiiidatc, the modest succinct statemont -of an cstcenied judicial personage,' who' spoke in- favor, of a site for- a -children's .diospital. "Were .."anything wanted to show the necessity for- ' trained advocates, tho painfully. . roundabout and inconclusive statements of tho successive novjees that dinned their grievances into the Chancellor's listcningear, afforded ample and convincing proof. Tho few gentlomen learned iu: the law' that' wero allowed to assume their- special functions con trasted favorably with their lay- brethren, whose common sense should, teach thorn that their uu- wijldly method of doing business muat inevitably protract tho sittings" of .tbo court from twb to four or five days'in each week. To some of (tho latter, however, this might bo a " consummation devoutly to bo wished for."' Tho'patioucb and discrimination of tho- chiof priest of the tonlplo wore, throughout jlio proceedings, hbuhdantly manifest. lYitliout any of the Istingitof itho sneering Norfolk,- of Harry this Eighth's tilno, we would say, ." So: fare yo .-.well, my little good Lord Chancellor.'" ; , j Tho glory of. Ballarat having been considerably dimmed by the increasing splendours of her siptm; Sandhurst, the former has jealously. cast about for some other method of . attracting public attention to her sweot'soif.' 'Firet'wo Iiavo'thc gallant major of the . Crown Priuco of Prussia's Light Horso/who, with the gequiup Baynum pro clivities, advcrtisos .himsqlf .and -his .magnet trqupo. mission- in epistles which hayosotltlio other 'arms of the Victorian ' service by tho cars. It was reserved for,- this colonial Rupert to draw tho marked attention " of " the commonplace vqlunfrers .of .England' to tho surpassing bril liancy of his Aus trill iau uniform;' and to'put.thS British officers of the home staff up to'ii fow choice wrinkles in tho art of tyar.- Need we bo sur prised that sucli conspicuous, merit constrained oven the .Coni'manddMh- Oliiof' to .sue for) an introduction to our Ballarntian 'herb 2 IVo arc happy to add that tlio Chiefs; persoverahco was suitably rewarded by being graciously allowed to liob-a-aob! with our warrior aftcr'tho toils of the day. Then our far inland friends who wish to insert an additional a" .in tho name of thoir proud city, have tho eclat of tho " cause celohro " of tho season, in whioh, in tlio fine go-a head stylo of a genuine. Ballaratian, tho neeused spurns the measured, advocacy of his gratuitous ' counsel, and 'rushes' -\>n to,, shall, we .say, certain destruction in his own madly' headstrong way. . Besides,' ' there ' :ia the '(Liberty Protection Association,',' which it wns handsomely reserved for Ballarat to inaugurate— a paltry town liko Melbourne," being uncouseious of her, .'galling fetters. )'. Tliis. vauntcd association .claims tho liberty (which was never denied them), of opposing the Permissive'.-, BAD; tiio. liberty; of, obtaining an increased excis'o supervision over licensed hpuscs, which the aid' licensed ''houses ihay'thinkjloo much of a liberty ; ami sundry other liberties, not contained in Magna Chnrta, which plain . going'pebplo would deem manifest encroachments upon tho liberty of . tlio subject, Tho League; after taking so many unusual likor tics, may vet agitato for further liberty to extinguish tho mining speculation; or perhaps the rcofs, of Sandhurst, nnd to proolaim Ballaarnt" tho capital of Victoria. Such strenuous offoi ts to kcop hcrt self well to tho front orb surely commondable in tho Golden City. . , - - Among tlio characteristic, features of tho busy ago in which wo'' live', perhaps a retiring modesty, is tho most conspicnouB— hV its abscnco. During tho past week wo iiavo had two notable examples of this praisoworifij, quality, .ono unilor tho flimsy guiso of tho oo-opbrativo principle, and tlio other under tho grim shadow of publie official life. That tho Spiritistsi (with whom we would not identify the JTyeiman maunderings), . at a timo when wo bavo ceased to give State-aid to religion, should coolly demand a 'nico compact block of 1 10,000 acres to ho. enclosed by a ring fcnco for : : their'. i ' oxcluaivo bonofit; 'shows, at least, their very— clear perceptions ou the .score - of1 material , interests: ' .But' .for' the Curator of Intestate Estates to cndcavorto bring tho estate of the' deceased Mr. Buckley, with some £(10,000. of realty and personalty, under tho clutches of bis. curatorial' administration, is altogether too ,modeat a dqroand.. . This, favored offlcinl is one of thoso lucky hrjciless harristefs who, without over showing the slightest aptitude -V, piuiwsiuil, uy luiiv ol'-lies ih relationship ,w)th:hygono:Ministers of tho Crown, have secured for themselves lucrative posts in tho Civil Service. Not satisfied with giving tho gentleman in question a handsome salary of sonio £700 for tho discharge of dutios which our lightly-worked sheriff with his largo staff of clerks could have easily fulSlled, his powerful friends tacked on- a commission 'of 21 per cent, upon all- moneys- realised froih intestate- estatep. Leaving- out of viow sundry ofliclHl' pickings' that fall ' to ' the fatted ' calf, the Curator's coffers from tho estate alone would bo enriched: to tho . extent of £1500— a tidy ndjunct to allowances for services already sufficiently, remunerated. No ono can be better aware than tho 'cute Curator himsolf that such largo estates as those of tho late Mr. Buckley wero nover by Parliament intended to bo brought under his official ken, which is properly limited to estates of incousidorablo vcluo, which it would he difficult to find persons, next of kin or otherwise, to .administer. The learned judgo to whom this extraordinary application was made, with great propriety hesitated to comply with so exorbitant a doinand. IVo would suggest t9 this fortunate official of the " ghost" depart ment tho desirability of his affixing to the brass plato of .his office door an "agnomen" similar to that adopted by ono of our merchant Chincso who trades under tho Significant stylo of " gold- lucky." Among minor items of current news of tho past week, upon which te'congratulate ourselves, may bo noted : — 1\. The city bench have nearly mastered tho intricacies of . " fan-tan" under tho tutorship of Detective Mainwaring. 2\. A purely colonial barrister has been raised to tho County Court bench— at least temporarily. II. The mythical Hotham Cobb "(" Coaching Cobb" wo know to bo a myth of tho goldcu ago) continues to lay informations for perjury. 4\. And Canterbury has at last fairly succeeded in delighting tho upper one thousand at 'i'oorak with very high jinks indeed. 