THE FLANEUR IW SYDNEY. Other demands upon your space having excluded ma for a time, I just crave « small crevice, in order to pre rent getting hopelessly into arrear. The feats of the Iioup Garou, and the further anticipations of the Bendwiek Meetine. have occupied so much attention that my contributions have not been missed, but I , ?want to clear off until next time. By the bye, I have j Jbeen asked what a Loup Garou is. If I don't mistake, : it is, or was, one of those interesting animals which, j to some crimes committed by its forefathers, was com- j pelted periodically to abandon the shape and customs of j humanity, and take to the woods on all fours, where, however, it was useless for any hunter to attempt to catch it. Very nearly connected with it in mannersand destiny waB the wehr-wolf— always a noble man or knight of geod family, who had to put off humanity, at stated periods, and take the form or a wolf. It is long ago since I read, with awe and- wonder, of the perilous and ghastly adventures of ' The Loup Garou of the OdenwaH,' and ' The Wehr-wolf of Limonsin ;' and not far from these was the Vampyre, obliged to get np at night, leave the side of his bride, and go forth from his castle in search of youthful blood to quench his horrible thirst— unless, indeed, he pre ferred to refresh himself from the veins of his body. Ah, that's the beauty of being born and brought up in an .old country, where yon hear of these things ! Nothing ef the kind here ! The nearest approach to anything like such a sensation is ' Fisher's Ghost ' and the Bunyip ; and the former' is supposed to have been 'laid '—that is to say, ' floored '—by the new police, while the latter has lately been subjected to such humiliation, in being identified by a Tasmanian sa/vant with the fresh- water seal of that island, that I don't suppose it will ever have the hardihood to show its face again. However, I know nothing about the Loup Garou of Bandwiek, excepting that he seems to have shown himself a good horse, and worthy of the laurels he won. I am not a racing man. The pace is too fast forme, but I cordially say 'hear, hear' to the remarks of his Excellency the Governor about this sport. If well regulated and judiciously patronised, it is better than the political races which have lately been going on in the Western district. a ao nope uiai tnese rival progresBua uuu uouquets ui the present and ex- Premiers may have a beneficial, instead of a souring effect, not only upon the honour able gentlemen themselves, bat upon all others con cerned ; but a considerable amount of acerbity peeps oat. Sir James Martin, at the banquet given to him at Bathnrst, had some caustic remarks to make about the ' great man' who had preceded him, and some doubts to express as to whether, if trees and statues were to-be adopted in the adornment of the intended park, some people who advocated that arrangement would have sufficient taste to knew where to place them. There was some little chaff, too, on the part of the knight, frith regard to ' Brummagem' statues. It was ' Clarens' versus ' Wynyard-sqnare.' I gather, however, that Sir James had a good dinner at Bathurst, whioh is more than Mr. Parkes seems to have been able to get at Hill End. ' Indeed the description of this latter feast, as given^in the local Observer, is anything but appetising : 0. a. : The banquet was ordered for 7 o'clock p.m., but was not rody until 10, and when it did make its appearance it was about tlie. meanest torn-out ever offered to public appetite. Jfot a solitary Gathered ?songster graced the board, whioh .groaned (and well it might) beneath a royal piece of half-cold beef, 3 tureens of (very good) soup (for nearly 50 Individuals), « saddle of mutton, 4egs of different animals, cunningly stuffed with the meat of the sausage, and 2 round pies of beef steak. This gorgeous coarse was succeeded by a display of pastry of like oalibre and reputation ; and the dessert — or all we saw of It at one end of the table— consisted of 2 platesful of oake, 1 plate of oranges, 5 In number, and 1 of apples, of which 6 graced the festive board. The wines were excellent, and there was more thanjenoagh, had there been twice the number present ; but, to give the devil his due, that was not the fault of the caterer. Wehave much grim pleasure in liere publicly stating that it was tile very worst public dinner we hare ever is oar luge and varied experience taken part in. The hospitalities of Hill End do not thus appear to have yet attained to a very high degree of refinement, lint rather remind one of the hard realities which the guests of Mr. Buggins found to await them when they reached the scene of his celebrated 'partye' — more than once alluded to in these papers : Whea they arrived they wanted wittles— They had a waccnum in each tub ; Said Joe— 'Ton see them pots and kittles?— All on 'em ia chock full o* grub !' \- ? ? With dainties then the board he Brers— The luxury es of life supplied 1 There was sasalges and biled cows' livers— , And tatersin nice dripping fried 1 . Bnt the miners at £011 End and thereaway, I suppose, are neither disciples of Lncnllna nor of Heliogabalns, and did not care much about offering Epicurean repasts to a philosopher who might well be supposed to be far above such matters. '' Talking about rough diggers, Mark Twain, in the' second part of his 'Innocents at Home' gives a graphic sketch of life on the Sacramento Biver Jn the early days of the rash to Californian gold-fields. There were two nunarea xuousanu strong, nearcy, youog urcu — i»b » woman or a child amongst them. Hear Mark Twain :— Old inhabitants tell bow, in a certain camp, the news went abroad early in the morning that a woman was come 1 They had seen a calico dress haaging out of a w&ggen; down at the camping-gronnd— elgn of emigrants from over the great plains. Everybody went down there, and a shont went up when an actual, tiona fide dress was discovered Buttering in the wind I The male emigrant was visible. Che miners said:— ' Fetoh her ont 1' , He said :— ' It is my wife, gentlemen— she is sick— we have been robbed of money, provisions, everything, by the IndiauF — we want to rest.' ' Fetch her out ! We've got to see herl' ' Bnt, gentlemen, the poor thing, Bhe— ' ' Fctuli her out !' He 'fetohed her out,' and they swung their hats and sent up three rousing cheers and a tiger ; and they crowded around and gazed at her, and touohed her dress, and listened to her voice with the look of men who listened to oinevwry rather than a present, reality— and then they collected twenty- five hundred dollars in gold and gave it to the man, and swung their hats again and gave three more cheers, and went home satisfied. Once I dined in Ban Francisco with the family of a pioneer and talked with his daughter, a young lady whose first experience In San Francisco was an adventure, though she herself did not remember it, as she was only two or three years old at the time. Her father said that, after landing iromtbe ship, they were walking np the street, a servant leading the party with the little girl in her arms. And presently a huge miner, bearded, belted, spurred, and brist ling with deadly -weapons— just down from a long campaign in the mountains, evidently— barred the way, stopped the servant, and stood gazing, with a face all ahv© with gratifi, oation and astonishment. Then he said, reverently—' Well, if it ain't a child I' And then he snatched a little leather sackout of his pocket, and said to the servant—' There's a hundred and fifty dollars to dust, there, and 111 give it to you to let me kiss the child 1' That anecdote is true. But see how things change. Bitting at that dinner-table, listening to that anecdote, if I had offered double the money for the privilege of kissing the same child, I would have been refused, Seventeen added years have far more than doubled the price. Pleasantly and jocularly as all this is told, it is not much overdrawn, for the influence of such rare interviews upon MEN long estranged from such soften ing intercourse is as 6tated. A friend and myself once rode thirty miles on a bleak day to see a woman, and well we were rewarded, with a splendid boiled leg of mutton, turnips, and capers ! So you see there was no romance about it. The significant remarks of Maafu, the native Vice roy, after delivering the set speech for the 'King,' at the close of the Fijian Parliament, are quite enough to terrify the disaffected among the whites. He tells them plainly enough that, if they are not satisfied with the Btate of affairs, he and his people will bo forthcoming to each them a lesson. ' We are the natives,' he says : and he goes on to tell the refractory whites that if they continue discontented, it will bo best for them to leave, in order ' to prevent evil.' The evil would con sist, most likely, in part of a surfeit, or attack of bile, on the part of Maafu and his officers,, who secin, from what he says, to stand pledged to eat the discontented if they don't conform. Thus will ' law and order,' and constitutional government be maintained, as they have often been aforetime, by a banquet of the choicest, preceded by a grand preliminary roast. I see that Mr. Trollopo said a good thing at Adelaide. Mr. Ayers, the Chief Secretary, was expatiating fit a public dinner upon the capabilities of Australia, and turning to the novelist, asked him if he could mention anything produced in England which could not also be produced in this country 'How about Prime Ministers?' was the reply of Mr. Trollope. Bnt this country is not only able to produce Prime Ministers for Home consumption. She exports them to the neighbouring Islands, together with Judges and other hi|;h digni taries of the State and the Law ; and if she can do this, I am sure she can supply all domestic demands for similar commodities. I was much pleased and informed by reading in your morning contemporary, a few days ago, the report of a lecture delivered in the Congregational school-room, Pitt-street, on the previous evening, by a medical gentleman, on the subject of 'Health.' The report truly says that the lecture was 'interesting and inah*nnlivn ?' and after modinfir it. lam no longer snr prised at the superior intellectual developments of the ' Congregational Boys,' if they will allow me to call them so— of Pitt-street. ' Disease,' the lecturer said, ' was the opposite of health,' and although I think I have some remembrance of having heard that before, a fact so important cannot be too often stated. ' Taking first the stomach, he pointed out that if this very important organ was out of order, everything would be in disorder.' Whatever may be Baid by the believers or dis believers in Dr. Jenner, or of the discoveries of Harvey, they are all leather and prunella compared with this. The lecturer knew a good and Christian lady who kept her children in mental and bodily health by plentiful doses of senna, and if cither of them said a cross tvord to the other, she concluded that he or she could not be well, and so administered another dose. But this, if I mistake not, was also the treatment adopted by the amiable Mrs. Squeers, with the brim stone and treacle. Another organ of some importance was the heart. The lecturer said nothing about persons who hadn't such a thing about them ; but the brain was also worthy of attention. To show their appreciation of health, the lecturer said they should take care of their bodies ; and the plumpest and sleekest of audiences displayed their appreciation by a vote of thanks for the acceptable advice. 