THE RAILWAY GAUGE QUESTION IX ? VICTORIA. :. {Mechanics* Magazine.} - ; Those who have watched the professional journals for the last two or three years will have noticed the controversy which has been, going on respecting the pioper gauge for future railways, ' It is now high time that these little irregularities and inconsistencies -not to use stronger, terms at present should be pointed out, and the foibles of the broad gauge advocatesexposed, inasmuch as the colony of Victoria is on the eve of inau gurating some railway extensions, in which it is sought fo perpetuate the gauge of 5ft 3in, upon which he/existing lines are. con-' strucLcd. Although the pVoposed exten sions aro not at present vary great, it is of the first importance that they should be constructed ou sound paying principles ; for it is not t he 200 miles or so to be constructed in "Victoria that we have to consider so much aa the thousands of miles which must ulti mately grow out of them by reason of the vast expansion of her railway system which Australia is destined to realise in the course of a few years. In order to place the present position cf affairs clearly before our readers, it is necessary that we glance at the later phases of the gauge question in Australia. Desirous of acquainting themselves with existing railway practice in all its details in Europe and America, ths Commissioners of Kail ways in Melbourne in 1869 instructed Mr fW. Elsdon to proceeed.to England, and the Continent,, and afterwards to the United States, to visit and inspect the railways of those countries, and to report on their mo3e3 of construction, equipment, and general management: ? After travelling some 70,000 miles, Mr Elsdon returns with seven and h. half pages of matter in largo' type,: which - ho dignifies by the name of a report/ arid a bundle of appendices consisting of pamph-' lets, photographs,'and dra wings,Telnting to railways and rolling stock; just :such a collection, in fact, as might be made.by-an engineering pupil on a holiday.trip a month after entering on his articles. In order that it may not be thought we are illiberal, we will give a general list of these wonderfully useful appendices, and leave the conclusions to our readers, merely premising that they were intended to illustrate the- mode of construction, equipmont, and general man agement of the railways of Europe and; America. The items are:' Nine pamphlets described as relating to narrow gauge rail ways, seven of which have been written by MrE.P. Fairlie, C.E., the pioneer and champion of narrow gauge railways, and the remaining two having nothing whatever to do with the subject; a number of time tables relating to various lines; a number of litho graphed drawings, of Fairlie engines, and rolling stock; u photograph of Krupp's works at Essen ; and a number of inventors lithographed drawings and circulars. Be yond this there are two letters by Mr Higinbotham on Australian railways, Mr. Bidder's report on the change of gauge on the Lahore and,Peshawur railway, and Mr Hawkshnw's ? report on change of gauge in India. These go to make up the sum total of the report of Mr William Elsdon, Merab. Inst. C.E., and something or other in connection with the Victorian railways. On our way to the guage question, we find Mr Fairlie and his system of engine receiving at the reporters' hands the high est possible compliment, 1 although tho writer unmistakably intended the reverse. Says the gifted -M.I.C.E.: ' " The Fairlie engine, as at present constructed, has many serious defects, which must be remedied before it can compete with the ordinary bogie engine for general traffic, although it may, perhaps, be used with advantage on steep gradients with exceptionally sharp curves." It is the first time in our life that we ever heard cf au engine that was unfit for ordin ary work being suitable under conditions of the heaviest and most difficult' trafic. But as in the latter portion of the sentence, which we have italicised, Mr Elsdon speaks the truth, we can afford to pardon him for tbestigma.be intended? to convey in the former portion'of his senseless .remark. Turning to Mr Elsdon's ideas upon'the guage question, we find that gentleman sapiently advocating the present narrow guage of English lines-4 feet 8J- inches and this when the standard guage of the colony, is only 5 feet 3 inches. By what process of x-easoning-if any-- Mr'Elsdoii arrives at this conclusion, we are unable to say;, nor. .is it .clear whether he proposes this compromise between the present guage of the colony and the proposed narrower^ guage to be used for future extensions only, or intends it to be applied to existing lines. If the former, he overthrows the arguments I lie had previously advanced against- break of gnage; and j if the latter, he ; of courso' implies the abandonment of the present rolling stock throughout the colony. The only.ghost of an argument advanced by Mr. Elsdon is that a 4 feet inch1 gauge "'gives ample stability' for the most power ful, class of engines in use,", and that: " rolling stock 7 feet 6 inches wide Canute employed.'' . But there is no virtue in this, inasmuch a? rolling stock of this width can be employed on much narrower guages than that proposed by Mr Elsdon j whilst engines of any power can be placed. on gnages of any width from 3 feet upwards. In short, all Mr Elsdon's reasons and arguments againBt a narrower guage, and in sqpportof a 4ft. 8Jin. gauge, are so ancient, and have been long since worn so threadbare; that we wonder he ha.d the'moral courage to disen» : tomb them, for the advancement and en lightenment of the Victorian public. But the Victorian public shouldknow with whom and what they have to deal;; and if they cannot be rightly informed from within, it shall not be our fault if they are not en lightened from without. "We have men tioned that the lucubrations of Mr Higin botham, Engineer-in-chief, of the Bail way; Department, ^Melbourne, r illuminate (Mr Elsdon's appendices. =? Mr Higinbothata opposes the narrow gauge system as'involv ing the evils: of break; of gauge; and he advocates a . light system on ' the standard gauge of the colony. Beally this i3 not one whit more sapient'than: Mr Elsdon's pro* posed Ci inclies 'difference of gauge-for it must at once'occur to! the least reflecting TOind that it would" be"absurd to run the .present heavy Vistoriari Bail ways' rolling stock on the, "lightest possible works," os proposed by Mr Higinbotham." Were this suggestion; carried out, it would involve the sacrifice of material which they assert has "cost the colony some £800,000. In spite of all Mr Higinbotham has advanced, it stands good alike'in'reason and in factj that both in first cost of construction, and in subset quent cost of working and maintenunoe, narrow gauge lines are upon all points tha mo3t suitable for the colony of Victoria, as wo have shown over and over again. We have referred to the desire of the Colonial BailwayCommissionerst.o possess themselves of every possible information relating to railways. The Commissioners are doubtless perpetually earwigged by tho broad gauge advocates by whom they are surrounded, and to whom the traditions and supersti tions of the colony cause them to give heed. But after all, what are the arguments used by these colonial bodies - 'I'hey assert that ii'200 per mile is all the difference between the coat of a 3-ft. Oin. fraugo line and one of 5 ft. ii-in. Wuli, ifc might be less if thoy had to construct it; but it would be more with any unbiassed and duly qualified en gineer over the works. Th»*n tliey give tho cost of the rolling stock on the 234 miles of railway, now open, as £300,000, or more that .£3:200 per mile, This ia simply monstrous, as those who know anything about stock will at <".nee see; the real value being only between .£400.000 and .£500,00!). But the object is very transparent, and wa hope the colonists ere this have seen well through it. The bogieB are only trying to frighten ignorant people into the idea that a terrible loss will arise from tbis etoQk if ;3ft Gin lines are'made'.* The answer is very ! simple. " PLet tho present stock be used on the 254 .miles of railway until it is worked jont:''K is; however affirmed tlmt tbe^sjreat ; quantity of stock bos been obtained with a ; view to working new lines on the full gauge. , -Cut if the new lines are to bo : constructed as recommended, " very light," then they must; be re-stocked, as, the present heavy atocfe would require a cc i-respoudm aly linavy I'oad on which to run. The question ot the employment of tho present > stocks on the extensions is therefore as mnch settled as if there was a complete break of gauge:'- 'As for a break of gauge, that wo'ul'd be attended with far leaa'evIU than any sueh ' compro mise as this, as has been convincingly proved over and over again. In; sanctioning ttia narrow pcaugo, the colonists will he bequeath ing to their posterity tho noblest legacy one generation can possibly leave to another. 