Thursday, February 29. William Godfrey deposed: I am a legally qualified medicaLpraetitioaner residing at Burat; remember the 89th Noerbmber; was atthe Gunda Gunda Creek at 6 o'clock that morning; in consequence of a conversation with Chiesl-ilspector Browne, 1 went to Gunda Gunda .Creek s I got there on the 28th November; I saw a dead body there on the 29th November; assisted by Sergeant Downies I made a post-mortem examination of that body; in my opinion the body had been shot and battered about the head and face; it wareahot in the skull; the wounds were suffcicient to cause instan teaneous death,.and in my opinion caused his death; (exhibit Nos. 10,14, 15, and 21 produced] that pistol, when perfect, would have caused the injuries I saw o:s the shakll; I do not allude to the shot wounds in par tioular, but to the fractures. John Herman Hattman deposed: I reside in St. George s'I am in Messrs. Walker and Lamb's em ploy I remember the 24th HNovembcr last; a man came into the store that day; I afterwards knew hIim Sas Patrick Collins; be had on a fine cabbage-tree hats She asked for some trousers; he selected one pair; ihe presented an unsigned cheque in payment ; to tile beat of my knowledge it was on the Bank of Austral \- seia, Ipswich I I don't know in whose favour; it was for £88 odd shillings; it was written in a cramped hand, nots round hand; I refused the cheque; my reason for refusing the cheque was that it was not signed ; I told him I could not change it; I made no other remark to him about the cheque; it is a stand ing rule in Messrs. Walker and Lamb's not to make anyremarks about cheques ; he put the cheque into -something in his hand, folding it up without looking at it; he had breeches and leather leggings on; I patieuls4 remarkedh bi tat; I saw him in she \- Ceurt-hause at St. G-eorge; I have no doubt he was the hame men Ieaw him in tile custody of the police; he is the man who presented the cheq'le to me, and goes by the name of Patrick Collins ; I think I should reeognise the writing of tile cheque if I saw it again. Oahrlee Henry Enright deposed: I am a butcher residing in St. George; I did so on thle 26th Novem ber lasts I remember that day; I was at Macalister's hotel that evening between 9 and 10 o'clock; Michael Anderson, storekeeper at Mr. Zieman's, Arthur Mac alister, Patrick Collins, and myself were there; we were in Maealiater's private parlour; a conversation took place between Anderson and Collins, whichl I heard ; Anderson said, "Collins, will you hsve some thinlg to drink P" Collins said, "Yes;" we all had drinks; Anderaon then said, "Collins, have you a bcheque on us for £33 P" Collins said, "No;" Ander son maid, " are you a cheque or an order for £33 " Collins said, "No, I have not ;" Anderson then asked him, "Did you tender a beque or an order to anyone in St. George for £23 ?P" Collins said, " No, I did not; I had nothing but silver on me; all I paid for I paid with silver;" Anderson then said to me, "You hear that Enright;" I made no answer; he then said to Col lins, "You may think it strange my asking you those questions; I'll tell you, or you'll know (t am not sure which), more about it another time;" Collins said, " What do you ask me those questions for P" Anderson did not reply, but left the room; I made the remark to Colline that a man mieht be accused very simple; Collins said, "What did Andorson ask me those ques tions for P" Isaid, "I don't know ;" I went at An demon's request to be present at the converoation between him and Collins. John Oranney deposed: I am senior-constable of pDlime at St. George; I remember the 26th November lasts from information I received I sent Constable Henry and a black boy in the direction of the Dongah to look for Mr. Simon Zieman, who was supposed to is lostin the bush; it was reported to me by Mark R6berts that the body of Simoa Zieman had been found in a waterhole in the Gands Gunda Creek, dies S.tant about seven miles from the Dongah; at 10 o'clock that night I went and arrested Patrick Collins at St. George, in consequence of information I had received; I arrested Collins in Maealister's bar, and told him I arrested him on suspicion of murdering Simon Zieman ; Collins made-no remarks when I arrested him; about the hour of eleven the samer night I agaiu went to Macalister'a bar; I searched the bar and took posses sion ofa saddle in consequence of a conversation I had with Mr. William Beckett; the saddle I took possea sion of was fit to use for riding-two stirrip-leathlers and irons, one web girth, an old brown leather esddle poucb,two small web strops on the olff side of the sad die-a leather one and a grecc-hide one; my attention was drawn to the of-side iron and stirrup- lceathlr. apon whichl were spots of blood, and hair adhering to the blood; I then took the saddle, &c.;, as I have described to tile lock-upt, and opened the cell door in whioh was Patrick Collins and showed it to hili, and asked him it thsat was his eaddle; he said " Yes, that. is my saddle ;" the off aidu of Ihe saddle was neon?sl. to him when he said the caddle was his; [ex hibit No. 25 producel'] that is the greec-hlde strap that was on the saddle which Patrick Collins claimed as his ; tile following day (27th) myself and Mr. Uhr left for Guoda Guuda Creek, nod arrived thlere about 1 p mn.; Ithere saw Coustable Henry, Sergeant Downie, and a number of others at this place; I caw the dead body of a man lying on a sheet of bark; on the fol lowing day (28th) I was at the same place, and in company of Sergeant Downie I searched in the water (stripped), in the vicinity where the body had been found, and found the barrel of a large pistoland a piece of wood apparently belonging to the stock of a pistol; [exhibits in duplicate 21 produced] they are what I found in tile water; the barrel was about four foot from the banku, stuck in the mud, the water being over it; I saw other portions of a pistol that Sergeant Downie found at lthis time, corres ponding with portions whlich I Ihad found, and fitted in every way; I went to St George; I arrived there tlhat night, and took a hIorse which Sergeant Downio delivered to me, branded CW over . near shoulder I handed hIim to tlhe pou;dkeoper at St. George, and peroduced him at the Court at St. George on the 6thi of December and othler days at Patrick Collins's ex amination; I produced the saddle and trappinge I Iave spoken of on the 6th of December and other days, and when J. Aitken and Shannon lIGoveern garve evi dence on the 9th of that month I have the saddle now; on the 27th February I went to William Beckett's camp, withL Jerry the blackfellow, close to Surat ; I took possession of a bridle fromnt Jerry; the blackboy is William Beekett's; [exhlibit F2 produeod] that is the bridle; I took ithe green-hide strap off Collins's saddle myself [exhibit 25]; it has been in my possession ever since. (The evidence taken against the principal, Collins, here conludeas; the remainder is the evidence in the ease against Mrs. Beelett.) John Aitken, recalled, deposed: From the 25th of November to the rBed or 4th of December I never saw William Beckeltt; he was at St. George s he was not at Tartolla elstation; he returned about the middle of December. Thomas Jones deposed: I am a carrier, residing at Condamine; I arrived at Tartella on a Saturday, be tween 5 and 6 in the evening; IMiles camne that even* ing; Ihe said before my wife, Mrs. Beckett, John Aitken, and myself, that Mr. Zieman'a horse had been found on thi Gunda Gunda Creek; he said the horse had been cut on the leg; Mrs. Beekett said, "'I expect the blacks have done it;" she also said Mr. Zieman was a very bad bushman, and he might have got lost in the bush; she said, "Thank God, my brother did not go away from here withl Mr. Zieman," for people were expect ing her brother, being just out of trouble, might have done it; I went up to old George Neal's g'ave the nest evening, with my wife and Mrs. Beckett; that was between 4 anud 5 o'clock in the eveoning; I left thie grave first, they coming on belsind; I saw Agnes Beckett running up towards her mother (the prisoner) ; after a second or two her mother passed me going towards thle house, running; she said as shle passed, "Patsy, Patsy, my God ! I hIope you have not come up here to kill Zicman;" all hands that were then on ithe station went to the kitchen verandah; Hiles was standing there; he had just come up; Mrs. Beckett asked Hiles, "Is it true that Mr. Zioman is killed P" he said, " Yee, it is just as I expected;" somebody said to Hiles, "Do they suspect anyone for killing him P" he then said, "It's a very hard thing to say that;" he was looking towards Mrs. Beekett very hard; Mrs. Bcckett said, "It may be the blacks that killed Mr. Zieman ;" I spoke up and said, "The blacks have left olf killing.tho whites for years on the river;" Hiles said there was a track of a man's boot on Gunda Gounda Creek, near where the body was found, so plain that you could count every nail in the heel ; he said he believed the murderer would be found within three days; this was in the presence of Mrs. Beckett; the prisoner's husband was not there that evening; this was the 26th November; on Monday Mr. Uhr, P.M. at St. George, Bergeant Downie, and Sergeant Oranney came to Tartella; I saw Sergeant Downiest Tartella on Tuesday, the 28th November; I remember being in the kitchen with my wife about 8 o'clook am.; I saw Mrs. Beokett come in; she had some leather straps in her left hand; she held her hand close to her side; she walked up to the fire and opened it with a spade; I looked particularly at thle leather; it was the forehead-band and the top piece of a bridle; they appeared to be new; it was a plain forehead-band; I said to her, "Good God! Mrs. Beekett, what are you doing ?" she said, "Mind your own business ;" she also said, "If you don't like it, go down to the dray;" I then wheeled round and was going out, when I heard Mrs. Beckett say, "A good Bre tells no tales i" when she opened the fire she put the leather in and covered it up; it was leather that would matelh that [Iexhibit 36 produced] ; the cheek. pieces of this bridle would matleb the forehead-band she put in tbhe fire; I was on Monday at tile Gunds Gunda Creek ; that evening when I came back I asked Mrs. Beekett, "How many pistols has William Beakett got P" slheo said, "Two; a rified.barrelled one and a little one hanging up in the old man's room;" I said, " Has he got no other?" she said, "No;" I said, "It's very strange that John Boekeott and Mr. Eno have sworn to a pistol belonging to William Beckett that Mr. Rae had found in the Gunda Gunda Creek ;" she then clasped lter hands and said, "My God! I thought Johlnny Beekett would 'spue' up all he knowed;" about as hour and a-half after this conversation I was in thle kitchen, when Mrs. Beekett asked me to follow her into the house; I went into hler bedroom; she then pointed out a nail on the wall, saying, "Here is the nail, Jones, that pistol you are talking about hung on;" I said, "I thought you told me you had no more than two pistols here; she said, "I would nothare told you about this only its found out;" on Wednesday, the 29th of November, I weas drising Mrs. Beokett between Tarlella and Warroo; we were going to St. George; she asked me to drive her; When near Warroo Mrs. Beekett said, "Jones, I would give £500 to speak three words to William Beckett;" I said, "They must be three valuable words;" she then told me, "The words were not mush after all;" I said to her, "What are they P" she said to me, "It was for Wil liam Beckett not to claim the pistol;" we only went to Warroo, and turned back next morning to Tartella; that was on Thursday, the 80th of November; I camped that night under my dray; it was between the lagoon and the kitchen, on the left hand side of the path going to the lagoon used for getting water; tlhe dray was midway between the lagoon and the kitchen; my doge began barking very hard about 11 o'clock; i told them to lay down; they would not be quiet; I rose up thle tarpaulin and looked out; it was moon. light ; I saw IMrs. Beckett opposite to tlhe dray, going down to thle creek; she was about air or seven yards from the dray; I watched her as she went under tlhe fence; she was in a lone white night-gown ; the fence is between where the dray was and the lagoon; site went to the water's edge; site atod for a minute, and then turned round and came back again; I watched her straight up to the house; she went in the back way; I saw hlr features plainly; she looked towards the draey as she was coming up; I could not be mie taken; Tom Doyle said next morning, on the kitclhen verandah, before Mrs. Beckett and myself, "I saw Mr. Ziemsn's ghlost last night, walking about ;" Mrs. Beckett burst out laughing; Doyle and I had a con versation afterwards about the ghost; two or three days after I took Mrs. Beckett to St. George. By Mrs. Beckett: Q.: Who was in the kitchen when Hiles came to Tartellna station on the 25th November P A.: My wife, Mrs. Swift, Johni Aitken, and myself. Q.: What was I doing that night P A.: I don't know. -?Q.: I mean when Hiles made the report that Mr. Zieman was killed, whlere was I A.: I don't know. Q.: Were tlhere any other women on the station on thie night of the 25th November besides HMre. Swift, Mri. Jones, and myEelfP A.: Yes; there was Mrs. Holmes and the German girl Jane.-Q.: Where was I on the evening of the 26th November at 6 in the evening P A.: Up at the grave.yard.-Q.: Whlat was I doing there P A.: Looking at George Neal's grave with me and my wife.-Q.: Did you hear my daughter Agnes Beckett say anything to me when she ran up to meet us P A.: No; I did not.-Q.: Are you sure I spoke of my brother as I was running by you ? A.: Yes.-Q.: Who came and met us at the fence as we were coming down from the grave yard P A.: I saw no one meet us, I am sure.-Q.: What did I say whln I got to the kitchen verandah that evening? A.: I cannot remember.-Q.: Are you sure it was me who went down to the creek in the night on the 28th November. A.: I am quite sure. Q.: Did you ever see nie go out before in my night dress any tinoe you have been at Tartella? A.: No. -Q;: Are you certain I told you I would give £500 to spieak to William Bockctt? A. : Yes; I am quite certain. 