LADY THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER. BY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XLI. THE morning succeeding the arrival of Tessa Holm at the Grange was cold and clear, with a sky unusually bright for the season. The wind was blowing keenly and strongly over the wide Dorset baths ; but the air was so bracing that Tessa was tempted out for a walk. Wrapping herself up well against the weather, she left Captain Holm and Squire Todhetly with cigars and newspapers in the dingy little smoking-room, and crossed the lawn and let herself out at the gate into the road. And then she paused, with a wistful glance in the direction of the squire's cop- pice and Heathstead. This was the morn- ing on which Sir Victor Cheswick had pro- nised to call upon her at Mrs. Gwynne's. Since his defence of her from Squire Tod- hetly's assault on the previous day, she had thought of the gallant young baronet nearly as much as she had thought of her mother. The thought of him had power to bring a blush to her cheek, a brighter light to her eyes, and a glow to her heart. "I should like to meet him again," she said to herself. "He is so noble, so hand- some, so grand. But he is rich, and I am poor, and our paths lie apart for ever." She sighed, and turned her face resolutely towards the west, walked along the road leading to Winborn Minster, going in a direction opposite to that by which Sir Victor would probably arrive at Heathstead. Upon the windy heaths she found that solitude for which she was longing. She was dissatisfied with her father, with Tod- hetly, and with her prospects. She did not wish to stay at the Grange. The words of Mrs. Gwynne when the two had last met still rang in her ears. Her father's savage threat to make his child the instrument of his revenge upon her mother still rankled in the girl's heart like a knife-thrust. Let her mother be what she would, she resolved she would never help any hand to wound her. And despite all that she had heard, and all the mystery that pressed so heavily upon her, Tessa's instincts assured her that her mother was pure and good, and the girl's soul yearned to that unknown mother with a dreary, sick longing that was terrible to bear. "But I will never seek her, should I learn her name," she thought. "I will never reveal myself to her. I will do nothing to imperil her, or make her husband angry with her. But, O, if I might only look upon her face, myself unseen, and know her to be my mother." That prayer arose to her lips again and again in a bitterness of anguish. She walked on and on along the desolate high- way, with the wintry heaths stretching far on either hand, and at last turned and began slowly to retrace her steps towards the Grange. She had advanced but a little way on her return, when she beheld a horseman riding towards her at a swift pace. Almost at the first glance she recognised him as her de- fender of the previous day, and her heart quickened its throbbings, and her eyes brightened, and a scarlet flush stained her cheeks. Sir Victor did not recognise the slight young figure, with its springing step, its re- solute air, and sober, gray garments, until he was almost abreast of the girl. Then he uttered a joyful exclamation, checked his horse abruptly, and dismounted, flinging his bridle-rein over his arm. Thus leading his horse, he hurried towards Tessa, his hands outstretched, his face beaming. "This is an unexpected pleasure, Miss Holm," he exclaimed, his rich voice full of warmth and kindliness that might have been easily taken as proceeding from an awaken- ing love for her. "A moment ago I was the unhappiest of mortals. You are feeling well, I hope, after yesterday's adventure ?" Tessa gave him her hand, and she an- swered— "I am quite well, thank, you, Sir Victor." "I have just called at Heathstead," said the young baronet, "and learned to my dismay, that you were gone. Mrs. Gwynne made her appearance, but declined to tell me your present whereabouts. I feared— that is, I fancied—that you had returned to London." "I am'stopping in the neighbourhood," answered Tessa, with an effort. "I am at the Grange." Sir Victor looked amazed. "Not—not at Todhetly's ?" he ex- claimed. "Yes," said Tessa, painfully. "You wonder that I should be a guest in his house, after that scene yesterday ? I wonder at it myself. But my life has changed en- tirely since the occurrence of that affair, Sir Victor. Yesterday morning I was only a governess, but my own mistress. I did not know that I had a relative on earth. But I have since found my father, who is a guest of Squire Todhetly, and who insisted that I should remain with him for a brief time at the Grange." Sir Victor looked puzzled and anxious. "Does your father know that Todhetly insulted you ?" he asked. "I told him all," said Tessa, sorrowfully; "but Squire Todhetly was his oldest and best friend, and apologised for the occur- rence, and my father insisted that I should overook the insult. My father is an utter stranger to me, Sir Victor," and Tessa's face flushed; "but none the less I owe him a daughter's obedience, I suppose." "You look very grave and troubled, Miss Holm," said the young baronet, gently. "There is an expression of unrest in your eyes. Let me be your friend, for you look as if you needed one. Pardon me if I am intru- sive; but it seems to me that I have known you years. How is it that your father is a perfect stranger to you ? And how is it that a father can prefer his friend to his daughter, and allow you to remain in his friend's house after his friend has insulted you ?" These questions from a stranger would ordinarily have aroused all the haughty pride of Tessa's nature. But Sir Victor did not seem to her a stranger. Besides, his tone of kindly sympathy, and his gently authoritative manner, seemed to compel the girl's confi- dence. Therefore, as they walked side by side, for he had turned back with her, she told him her story as she had heard it, save and except such portions of it as were derogatory to her mother. She told him of her dreary child- lised at the Pig and Thistle, under the guardianship of Mrs. Kiggs ; of her rescue by Reuben Dennis ; of her school life at Clap- ham ; of her father's discovery of her, and of the proofs he had given her in support of his parental claim upon her. "My mother and father were separated in my early childhood," she said, simply, in con- clusion, her grey eyes downcast, "and—and there was a divorce. My mother married a titled gentleman, and has other children. It would cause her a great deal of trouble if I were to appear to her, because—because her second husband does not know that she was ever divorced. And of course my mother would not care for the child of her unhappy first marriage," and Tessa's voice trembled. "I do not know my mother's name, and I shall never see her." The young baronet had listened to the nar- rative with a breathless interest. Now he said, gravely— "Miss Holm, pardon me if I say I fear that you have acted in this matter with an undue precipitation. I do not regard the proofs advanced by Captain Holm as perfectly conclusive that he is your father. That he knew your history is apparent ; but he might know of the scar on your arm, and of your early residence at the wayside inn, from Mrs. Kiggs herself. The identity of his name with your own shows that he is, without doubt, your relative, but it does not prove that he is your father. Did he show you any certifi- cate of your birth, or of his marriage ?" Tessa shook her head as the baronet hesi- tated. "Who should claim a poor girl like me without just cause ?" she asked. "I know that Captain Holm is my father, Sir Victor. When I first beheld him, I felt instinctively that he was more to me than the stranger he seemed. And when he claimed me, I was obliged to go with him, since Mrs. Gwynne who is Squire Todhetly's cousin—had ordered me to leave her house, in consequence of the squire's insult to me." Sir Victor looked down into the pure, proud face of Tessa with a tender compas- sion. His generous heart was touched with her forlorn situation. He profoundly dis- trusted the father who would take his daughter under the roof of a man who had insulted her, and he wished in his soul that he had the right to protect her and defend her always. "Miss Holm," he said, gravely, "I think you ought to send for your guardian, Mr. Dennis." "He is only a poor clerk, Sir Victor, and cannot obtain a holiday." "Cannot you persuade your father to go to London at once ?" inquired the young baronet. "Captain Holm is a stranger in England, and probably is not aware of the reputation of Squire Todhetly. The squire is a bold, bad man, who does not consider himself amenable to the ordinary rules of society. Most houses in this vicinity where there are daughters are closed to him. Par- don me for speaking so plainly, and if I add that no pure young lady should spend an hour under his roof. The protection of a father even cannot guard her from cruel scandal." Tessa's face glowed like fire ; then blanched to the whiteness of snow. She raised her wide grey eyes to Sir Victor in unconscious appeal. "I—I—my father could not know it," she faltered. "I thank you, Sir Victor, for your warning. I will urge my father to take me from the Grange at once. I have not remained there willingly, believe me." "The fact declares itself, Miss Holm," said Sir Victor. They walked on, conversing together, until they reached the gates of the Grange. Tessa in response to the desire of the young baro- net, gave him Dennis's address in Kentish- town, and Sir Victor entered it in his note- book. They paused at the gates, loth to separate, and talked on various subjects, de- veloping a similarity of tastes and senti- ments, and growing every moment more deeply interested in each other. "I must go," said Sir Victor at last, as the house-door opened, and Squire Todhetly looked out at the young pair. "I fear that my lingering so long may cause you some annoyance. Good-by, Miss Holm. We shall meet again." He clasped her hand, and their eyes met. In that long glance their souls spoke to each other. They had met as friends—they parted as unacknowledged lovers. In that moment Sir Victor Cheswick vowed in his heart to do his best to woo and win this slender, grey-eyed girl, with the fitful blushes and pale golden hair, and Tessa knew that she regarded him with a tender- ness she had never felt before for any human being. "We shall meet again," repeated Sir Victor, bowing low over her hand. "And till we meet, Miss Tessa, I shall think of you !" With a passionate pressure of her small hand, he released her, sprang into his saddle, and rode away to the eastward. Tessa, leaning upon the gate, looked after him with yearning eyes. She was still standing there when a heavy tread on the gravelled path startled her. She aroused herself from "love's young dream" to encounter the annoyed counte- nance of her host, who had approached to her side. "I wonder that Sir Victor Cheswick dared to address you, knowing that you were my guest, Miss Tessa," said Squire Todhetly, testily. "I regard his conduct as an im- pertinence, and shall resent it as such." Tessa smiled. The squire had displayed too much cowardice on the previous day to give her much faith in his prowess, or to cause her to tremble for the safety of the gallant young baronet. Her smile seemed to enrage Todhetly. "I do believe the fellow's been making love to her," thought the squire. "He hasn't let the grass grow under his feet, I must say ; Holm told me to say nothing for a week or two about love ; but I'll follow the guidance of my own nose, not that of his." With this resolution he coupled another— that of hurrying forward his love-making. It would not do for him, at his age, he re- flected, to delay in such matters. Besides, it was quite possible that Sir Victor Ches- wick loved her, and might offer her honour- able marriage, and he had not sufficient self-conceit to believe that Tessa would turn from a title, the great wealth of the Ches- wicks, and the young and handsome baro- net, to accept the fat and not too propossess- ing owner of the Grange. "Miss Tessa," he said, clearing his throat with a loud "ahem !" and bestowing upon her a glance of entreaty, "it is said that 'a bad beginning often makes a good ending.' I hope that will be the fact with us. I have seen a great many pretty girls ; but not one to compare with you. Our acquaintance has been short ; but to some natures time is of no account in matters of this description. When I met the gaze of your beautiful eyes yesterday morning I was smitten with an incurable wound," and he put his hand to his heart. "I love you, sweet Tessa, and I desire to make you my wife. Will you marry me ?" "Your proposal takes me by surprise, Squire Todhetly," answered Tessa, with a gracious girlish dignity. "I thank you for the honour you do me ; but I must decline it." "What ! you won't marry me ?" "No, sir; I cannot marry you !" Todhetly's face became inflamed with rage. "Perhaps you think you can catch that young baronet," he said, coarsely, "and write your name Lady Cheswick? I can tell you, in that case, you aim too high. The Cheswicks are a proud family, and they don't take penniless girls to preside over their big castle and their grand town house. Sir Victor may talk compliments to you ; but he would not marry you—" "Sir !" interrupted Tessa haughtily, "you forget to whom you are speaking." "No, I do not," answered Todhetly, growing heated. "I am talking to my future wife. Your destiny is fixed, Miss Tessa. Your father has control of your future, and he has promised that you shall marry me whether you will or no." "My father would not say that," said Tessa, paling. "Would he not? You don't know Digby Holm. He is fiercer when thwarted than any wild beast of the jungle. I advise you not to thwart him." "I must repeat my refusal, Squire Tod- hetly," said Tessa, sternly. "An honorable man would not press his suit with threats. Let me go to the house." "One word first," and Todhetly's face glowed with a sinister triumph. "You had better say 'yes,' for your own sake. I have not a very good reputation for morality, Miss Tessa, and even your father's presence in my house may not save you from being compromised—" Tessa broke from him, face and eyes aglow. "I will leave your house by the first train," she cried, with indignant sternness. "I will not remain another night under your roof. Coward ! to insult your guest." She swept away from him haughtily, and hurried up the walk and into the drawing- room, where Captain Holm was standing at one of the windows overlooking the late scene between his daughter and his host. Tessa approached her father impetuously, Todhetly following close behind her. "Sir," said Tessa, addressing Captain Holm, with her grey eyes burning, "Squire Todhetly tells me that I am being com- promised by my stay under his roof, and that my only resource from scandal is to marry him. I have refused him, and I beg you to take me from the Grange imme- diately." Holm frowned. "You are in too great a hurry, Todhetly," he said, complainingly. "The girl's been flirting these three hours with Sir Victor Cheswick," returned Tod- hetly, sulkily. "I am not in too great a hurry. Young people are naturally impa- tient, and if I wait long, who knows what may happen ?" Tessa again appealed to her father, with a face growing resolute in every feature. "Sir," she said, carefully avoiding calling him father—it will be remembered she had not yet directly called him by that name— "you will see, after Squire Todhetly's re- peated insults, and the menace he has em- ployed, that I cannot continue here as his guest. I demand that you take me away." "It is impossible, Tessa," said Captain Holm, coolly. "I am the best judge of what is proper for you, and I insist that you remain here." Tessa trembled for an instant, and then her resoluteness grew even sterner than before. "Squire Todhetly intimates that you will force me to become his wife," she said, calmly. "Is this true ?" "I hope that this force will not be required in a matter so manifestly for your benefit," said Captain Holm, suavely. "I hope that the simple expression of my wishes will suffice to command your obedience." "Not in this matter," said Tessa, firmly. "I cannot sacrifice myself on any considera- tion, sir. No amount of force could compel me to marry a man I abhor !" A tiger-like gleam shot from Captain Holm's quiet eyes. "You offer a premium for the exercise of my will," he said, quietly. "I have passed my word to Todhetly—my oldest and best friend—that you shall marry him. And you will marry him. Resistance is useless. You will not leave the Grange until you go as his wife ! " "Will no persuasion affect your decision, sir ?" asked Tessa. " Have you no love for me—no regard for my happiness ?" Holm surveyed her with an amused smile. "Love !" he said, and his lips curled until his moustache bristled. "Why should I love you? Don't let us make any pretence of loving each other when we are yet strangers. I don't want your love, girl, but I do exact your obedience. You might have married Todhetly peaceably, and it isn't too late to take that course. If you take the other road you won't go far before you find yourself on dangerous ground." Tessa made a further appeal, but found her father as cold and insensible to her prayers as if he had been a block of ice. "You force me to defend myself, sir," she said, in utter desperation at last, addressing Captain Holm, "since you take towards me the attitude of an enemy. I would have been a loving daughter towards you, but your con- duct repels me. More than that, it throws doubt upon your statements concerning my mother. I believe that she was not the one to blame in her trouble with you. I believe, sir, that she was a noble and true-hearted woman, whom you have foully traduced." With these words, Tessa swept from the room, and went upstairs. "That girl is in a dangerous mood, Tod- hetly," said Captain Holm, placidy. "I saw the demon in her eyes. She means to run away. I may as well take some precaution." He left the room and softly crept up the stairs. Tessa, at the same moment, was gathering a few of her choicest effects into a small par- cel. Her resolve was taken to fly to London and Reuben Dennis. She packed up her few trinkets, and with her bundle in her hand, and a world of indignant grief at her heart, hur- ried to her door. It was shut. She tried to open it, but it resisted her efforts. It was locked upon the outside, and she was a prisoner. CHAPTER XLIL. Tessa could scarcely believe the evidence of her senses in thus finding herself a prisoner in the house of Squire Todhetly. She tried the door again in a sort of amazement ; but the fact was beyond all doubt that it was securely fastened on the outside. "That is the kind of father I have," she said, aloud, her lip curling. "He is leagued with his cowardly host to force upon me a loathsome marriage. He means to keep me a prisoner here until I yield to his demands. If he thinks any weak fears will persuade me to marry Squire Todhetly, and thus perjure my own soul, he does not know Tessa Holm." She sat down in the nearest chair, her pure cheeks flushing with a righteous indignation, and her grey eyes glowing. And then she proceeded, as calmly as she could, to review the situation. She was a prisoner at the Grange—in the house of a man whose personal reputation was so bad that no lady could remain long under his roof without suffering a blighted name. And her father was willing to let this blight fall upon her—nay, he seemed eager that it should. It was, Tessa said to herself, as if her father were her enemy. She could not rid herself of the impression that he was working against her, and with a purpose. "My father does not love me," she thought, with a terrible pang at her heart. "And I cannot love him. There is a barrier between us ; and sometimes I feel a deadly terror of him, as if he meant me evil. Why should he desire me to enter into an unwelcome mar- riage with Squire Todhetly ? The idea seems preposterous ; but I cannot rid myself of the impression that he is working to some evil end. Why did he tell me that my mother was dead, when she lives ? Why did his eyes glare so when he spoke of her ? Why did he mutter that he would be revenged upon her ? Does he mean to be revenged upon her through me ?" She drew from her pocket the little sketch of Ignatia Redruth, and studied it with a longing intentness. Every feature of the lovely, girlisd face underwent her scrutiny. There was not a weak line in that rarely beautiful countenance, nothing but innocence, brightness, and goodness. Tessa's soul yearned towards her mother, as she looked upon the smiling picture. "Not even an angel could persuade me that she was bad," she murmured in her pas- sionate young voice, kissing the picture rap- turously. "She was—she is—as pure as a star." She recalled her father's face, comparing it with this picture of her mother. The satyr- like countenance of Captain Holm, with its evilly gleaming eyes and sardonic smile, made her shudder, as she contrasted it with the likeness of her mother. Like a flash of light, a portion of the truth dawned upon her soul. Her mother was the innocent and in- jured one. It was her father who was base and unworthy. She rememeread her father's sinister re- marks, his inexplicable smiles, his inscrutable expressions of countenance, and her pure in- stincts interpreted them aright, in the sudden dawn of her comprehension of him. It seemed to her, as she now reviewed the situa- tion, that she was regarded by Holm simply as an instrument in his hands, and that he meant to employ her in working out upon her mother some hideous schemes of revenge. "It is well that I have fathomed his de- signs," she murmured, softly. "It shall never be my hand that wounds my mother. She is rich and titled, and my father thinks, perhaps, it would wound her pride cruelly to unite her daughter to a dissolute scoundrel. Perhaps she loves me, despite the fact that I am the daughter of her first husband," and a tender flush transfigured the small, pale face, and lighted up the glorious eyes, "and my father desires to show me to her some day when I am unhappy, and dragged down by a miserable marriage ! He shall not succeed in his vile attempt." If her resolution to fly from the Grange and return to her friends in London had lacked energy and force, it now lacked them no longer. The resolution became a fixed purpose, and Tessa resolved in her mind various plans for effecting it. As the morning wore on, she removed her hat and wrappings and sat down by the fire. At one o'clock the luncheon- bell rang, and before its clangour had died out a key grated in the lock, the door opened, and Captain Holm, with a mocking smile, stood upon the threshhold. "Is your rebelliousness subdued, Tessa ?" he asked, with a sneer. The girl flashed up at him a mutinous face, at sight of which Holm looked a little graver, although in his eyes gleamed an ex- pression of conscious power. "Ah, not yet !" he said. "Very well, Tessa. Indulge in your little pettish tem- pers as long as you choose, only I may as well remind you that you might as well hurl yourself against a wall of solid rock as attempt to combat my will. You don't know me yet, and you will do well to pray to heaven that you may never know me at my worst!" His cold, impassive voice gave a dread significance to his words. Tessa shuddered with a thrill of foreboding. "Have you no love for me ?" she asked. "Bah! I hate that word !" cried Captain Holm. "I told you I did not love you. I know no such thing as natural affection, and the very thought of it sickens me. I do not want useless sentiment between you and me, and I will not feign for you an affection I do not feel. You seem to me to belong to your mother. I have neither lot nor part- nership in you. You have not my features, nor my character. But I am your father, and consequently your guardian and the dis- poser of your future. Think of me as your master." "And you still insist that I shall marry Squire Todhetly ?" asked Tessa, with glit- tering eyes. "I do. You will do well to yield grace- fully, for yield you will ! You are only a weak girl in the hands of a powerful man. Remember that little fact. But we must not keep our host waiting. Take my arm, and come with me to the breakfast-room." "I prefer to follow you," said Tessa, un- dauntedly. Captain Holm approached her, drew her reluctant arm within his, and led her from the room and down the stairs to the break- fast-room. Todhetly awaited them there, and came forward with expressions of regret at Tessa's contumacy, which had rendered a violent procedure on the part of her father necessary for her benefit ; but the young girl checked him haughtily, and with a flushed face he took his place at the table. The meal, it is scarcely necessary to re- mark, was eaten by Tessa in an almost total silence. Captain Holm noticed, however, that there was not a trace of sullenness on the grave, sweet brow ; but he was some- what puzzled at the resoluteness in Tessa's grey dark eyes. He did not believe that this slight, frail girl, who was so ignorant of the world and its ways, would have the audacity to attempt a flight from him in the face of his threatenings, and yet he did not quite like her self-possessed and quietly determined manner. Tessa sipped her chocolate and eat her portion of cold pastry and other delicacies with what appetite she could summon. Cap- tain Holm and Squire Todhetly, dismissing the one servant, engaged in an animated discussion of the changes to be made in the Grange after the squire's prospective mar- riage, and Tessa was forced to listen to arguments about windows and doors, a new wing, and furniture to be ordered from town. "I shan't grudge any expense," said the squire, tossing off his wine. "I shall have the prettiest bride in the shire, and I mean to do honour to her. We'll see if people will decline to associate with Mrs. Tom Tod- hetly." Tessa's lips curled in a haughty disdain ; but she made no response. The luncheon was presently over, and Tessa arose ; but Captain Holm was at her side in an instant, and drew her arm within his, and conducted her to tihe drawing-room. At the usual hour of dressing for dinner, Captain Holm escorted Tessa to her room with an exaggerated courtesy and a close grasp upon her arm, and ushering her into her chamber, turned the key upon her. Tessa quietly resumed her seat by the fire. She had on her grey travelling suit, and her impulse was not to change it. She was truthful, honest, and straightforward, and could not feign a submission she did not feel. She saw plainly that she stood upon the brink of a deadly peril, and it was her father's hand that was stretched out to push her over. Her determination to escape from him strengthened with every instant. When the dinner-bell rang and Captain Holm again appeared in Tessa's door-way and looked upon the little soberly-clad figure in the red glow of the firelight, his face darkened, and a savage expression distorted his sensual lips. "Not subdued yet ?" he muttered. "We'll see how long you will hold out, my little lady." He took Tessa's arm again in his, and led her below to the dining-room. The meal passed much as the luncheon had done, the two confederates argumentative, and Tessa mostly silent. It was the custom of Captain Holm and his host to linger over their wine; but on this occasion their stay was cut short, and they returned to the drawing-room with Tessa. There was a piano, with a hoarse, cracked tone, in the drawing-room, and at Holm's request Tessa played and sang for her two persecutors. Under cover of the music, the two men talked in low tones. "A fine voice," said Holm, as Tessa's pure, liquid notes caught his hearing in a pause of the conversation. "I could make a public singer of the girl. By George ! I wonder I didn't think of that before ! It would be a fine thing to humble the girl's mother ; but, after all, the disposition I pro- pose to make of her is considerably worse, considered from her mother's point of view," and his face lighted up evilly. "The girl seems obstinate," muttered Todhetly, uneasily. "You won't let her tire you out, or win you over ?" The look on Holm's face sufficiently re- assured the squire. "She looks as if she were meditating an escape," said Todhetly, thoughtfully. "She means mischief," said Holm, lightly. "I have seen mutiny in her eyes and mis- chief in her heart ever since that wretched Mrs. Gwynne was here this morning. But I understand women, and I'll undertake to subdue the veriest Katherine of them all. Petruchio might have taken lessons of me. The first thing to teach the girl is her own powerlessness. That lesson she will learn during the next few hours. By to-morrow night she will be as humble and submissive as any spaniel." Todhetly was not quite convinced that Holm understood Tessa's nature ; but he in- terposed no suggestions of his own. He was half in awe of the young girl, and wholly in love with her, and was not at all scrupulous by what means he woo her, provided that she became his wife. At ten o'clock Tessa arose, and Captain Holm was on his feet at the same instant. "Bring a hammer and nails, Todhetly," he said, "and come up to my daughter's room. Nay, you had better go first and nail down her windows securely. I do not intend that Tessa shall give you the slip in the night, even if she had the physical and mental strength necessary for the feat. A good general never neglects precautions." Todhetly assented, and hurried away on his errand. Tessa, flushing, resumed her seat. The sound of hammering in the room above them was soon heard. It was some minutes before the sound ceased, and the squire, heated and perspiring, returned, announcing that Tessa's chambers were ready. Captain Holm conducted Tessa upstairs. At the door of the young girl's sitting-room, the two encountered Mrs. Podd, the house- keeper, who had been drawn to the spot by the unusual sound of hammering, and who had taken advantage of the squire's departure from the scene to make an investigation of his proceedings. There was a look of sur- prise on her round, good-natured face, as she turned from a contemplation of Tessa's win- dows, and she started guiltily as she was met by Captain Holm and his daughter. A glance at the pair told her that Tessa was a prisoner. "Stand aside, woman !" said the captain, in a domineering voice that aroused her enmity on the instant. "What are you prowling about here for at this hour ? Be off, or I will report you to the squire." Mrs. Podd muttered that she had been in to replenish Miss Holm's fire, and to put a pair of lighted candles on her shelf. She moved away sullenly as she spoke ; but her glance met Tessa's, and the young girl, in one wild look, telegraphed to her an appeal for help. No answering look gleamed in Mrs. Podd's dull eyes ; no flash of intelligence bright- ened her red face. Tessa's heart fell before the housekeeper's unmeaning stare. "No help there !" thought Tessa, bitterly. Mrs. Podd retreated down the long hall, and disappeared in a side corridor that led to her own chamber. They heard her close her door with a sullen crash. Captain Holm smiled. The incident ren- dered him almost good-humoured. He led Tessa into her room, and made an examina- tion of the windows of the sitting-room and bedroom, finding them well secured. The wooden shutters inside the windows were also made fast, beyond the strength of a girl like Tessa to unloose. "You see that you are helpless," said the captain. "Let the discovery teach you wisdom. When I come to you in the morn- ing I shall expect to find you submissive, as a daughter should be." He examined the door opening from the bedroom into the hall. It was locked, and the key was in his pocket. He went out by the sitting-room door, and locked that also. Tessa waited until the sound of his steps had died out in the hall, and then she sprang up and examined the windows for herself. A brief trial of her strength convinced her that she could not effect her escape in that direction. Undaunted and resolute, she turned her attention to the idea of picking the lock of one of her doors. She had heard or read that the feat was one of easy accom- plishment ; but she might as well have un- dertaken to make bricks without straw and without experience. The lock was of the kind known as mortice locks, and was set in a massive oaken door of immense thickness. Tessa had only a slender hairpin and a pen- knife with which to attack this lock, and she was long in acknowledging her defeat in this direction also. What was next to be done ? She paced her floor a little while in deep thought, but the enigma was beyond her power to solve. "Escape is impossible," she said at last, sighing. "I shall have to wait until their vigilance relaxes. I might dart out of the drawing-room possibly, but they would pursue me and inevitably overtake me. I cannot pretend to submit to my father's un- just will. I must wait. Surely heaven has not abandoned me." She went into her bedroom, and kneeling in the shadow of her faded bed-curtains, prayed with the simplicity and confiding faith of a little child that heaven would bring her safely out of her perils, and let her look upon her mother's face. She was still Ineeooling there, when a faint tapping sounded on a door at the side of her bedroom. This door had been locked before Tessa came into the house, and, as Tessa had surmised, simply opened into an adjoin- ing chamber. The suite of three rooms had been formerly used as family chambers ; the third room, from which the faint knock- ing now emanated, having served as a child's nursery. Tessa sprang up and ran to the door, with the idea that a portion of her prayer, at least, was about to be answered. "Who is there ?" she whispered, eagerly, putting her mouth to the keyhole. "It's I—Mary Podd," came a response, in a husky, warning whisper. "Hush, miss, for heving's sake. The squire would bellow the roof off, for all the world like a mad bull, if he suspected what I was up to. I've got a key as fits this door, and I'm a coming in." She inserted the key cautiously in the lock, opened the door softly and entered the dimly- lighted bedroom. Tessa nearly embraced her in her joy. The housekleeper looked at the young pri- soner curiously, and demanded— "What have they shut you up here for, miss ?" "Because they want to force me into a marriage with Squire Todhetly," cried Tessa, "and I'd rather die than marry him." Mrs. Podd smiled grim approval. In truth, although she was older than the squire, and of a station far beneath his, she had dared to aspire to become mistress of the Grange. Todliotly's low tastes, his familiarities with his servants, and the fact, which Mrs. Podd well knew, that the best houses among the neighbouring gentry had long since been closed to him, gave her ground upon which to build her hopes. She had, therefore, seen, in the lovely young guest at the Grange, a rival from the first, and she was accord- ingly anxious to be rid of her dangerous proximity to the squire. "Quite right you are, miss," she said. "It would be like mating Beauty along of the Beast, if I do say so. Why don't you ask your pa to take you away ?" "I have," said Tessa ; "but he would not hear me. I threatened to go away alone, and he has imprisoned me here, as you see. I have friends in London who will protect me. If I could only get to Wim- born Minster—and I can walk there—I could easily find my way home. O, Mrs. Podd, help me to my freedom ! Only assist me to escape from this house, and I will bless you all my life." She caught the housekeeper's fat hand and pressed it, as she continued to plead for her liberty. Mrs. Podd's own heart echoed her prayers, and Mrs. Podd's own interests and schemes added their force to Tessa's persua- sions. "If I only dared," said the housekeeper, doubtfully. "It's a dangerous thing to meddle between father and daughter. The law gives the father supreme control of a minor child—" "I know," interposed Tessa, trembling. "But no one need suspect that you have helped me. I will bear all the blame if I am caught or overtaken. Could we not leave the key in this side of the lock, as if I had found it in the room? " Mrs. Podd's face brightened. "The very idea !" she exclaimed. "And even the squire won't know but that is the truth of the matter. Put on your things, miss, and I will let you out of the house." Tessa expressed her gratitude warmly, and hastened to put on her sacque, furs, hat, and veil, and throw about her figure a long circular waterproof cloak. Then taking up her small parcel, she was ready for her flight. Mrs. Podd extinguished the light of the two candles, now burning low. The hour was twelve, and Captain Holm and Squire Todhetly, as well as the household, were asleep. "Follow me," said the housekeeper, in a whisper. "Be as still as a mouse, miss. Come." She opened the door and conducted Tessa into the adjoining chamber, which was dark. They crossed the floor, and emerged into the lonely hall. Here no light, save a ghostly glimmer from without, was visible. They halted and listened, and then, hearing nothing, crept softly down the wide stair- case to the lower hall. Here again they paused, Tessa's heart beating like a drum. Presently Mrs. Podd, summoning up her courage, which had momentarily faltered, took Tessa's trembling hand, and led her along in the gloom past the door of the drawing and breakfast rooms, into a little side corridor, from which a door opened upon a porch that fronted the side lawn. This door was bolted and chained. The two, working cautiously and slowly, and listening often, undid the bolts and raised the chains, turning pale in the darkness whenever a clinking of the chains was heard. But at last the door was freed, and gently opened. Tessa was on the threshold of her free- dom. "There are no dogs loose," whispered Mrs. Podd. "You know the road to Wim- born Minster ? It's a straight road nearly. Keep to the travelled road, and you're all right. It's a rough night, miss. You are sure," added the housekeeper, with a sudden thrill of pity, "that you are doing what is best in running away?" "Quite sure," answered Tessa, cheerfully. "Heaven bless you for your kindness to me this night, Mrs. Podd. Good-bye." She pressed the housekeeper's fat hands fervently in her joy and gratitude, and then moved drown the steps, and was lost in the darkness. Mrs. Podd, simply closing the door, but not fastening it, stole back to her own room. And Captain Holm and Squire Todhetly slept on, unconscious that their prize and intended victim had taken her destiny into her own hands, and was flown. CHAPTER XLIII. The night on which occurred Tessa's flight from the Grange was one of the coldest and wildest that even January can produce. The sky was dark almost to blackness ; the wind was strong and keen and fierce, and there was frost and snow in the air. The trees bowed before the wild gale, and as Tessa flitted across the lawn towards the gates and the highway, she could hear the wild shrieks and moans of the wind through the intergrown pines of the squire's coppice, and wailing along the Ghost's Walk. The girl had a brave heart, and she did not hesitate in the task she had undertaken. Better the cold and the storm and the dark- ness than the fate from which she was flee- ing. Better the keen wind cutting its way to her very bones; better the frost and the snow than the merciless persecution that was dealt to her by the man who called himself her father ; better death even than a life as the wife of Squire Todhetly ; better a grave in the snows on the wide Dorset heaths than to allow hers to be the hand which should stab to the heart her beautiful unknown mother! Letting herself out at the gates, she com- pressed her scarlet lips, bowed her head, gathered closely about her the long folds of her heavy cloak, and gallantly breasted the fierce winds with which she must fight her way, step by step, inch by inch, over the many miles that lay between her and Wim- born Minster. Walking swiftly, as if she felt herself pursued, Tessa soon left behind her the ghostly outlines of the Grange—the estate, with its orchards, and plantations, and fields, was also passed, and the girl was out upon the level heaths, with only the black sky above her. The winds had full sweep now, there being no trees to break their force, and Tessa was buffeted at every step. More than once she was swept from her feet, and it seemed as if fierce hands were tugging at her garments to tear them from her. Yet she did not falter, nor think of turn- ing back. One mile, two miles, three miles were thus fought for and placed behind her, and ten miles farther remained to be con- quered. A noble heart beat in the girl's bosom— a gallant and brave soul dwelt within her slender and frail figure. Not yet did she think of a return to the Grange—not yet, though the wild gloom that raged upon the Dorset heaths seemed peopled by demons fighting for her as their prey—not yet, al- though the cruel sleet began to beat upon her head and face, and to pelt her as with sharp stones. "It's a terrible night," said Tessa, wind- ing her veil about her head in a manner to protect her face without obscuring her strained and eager vision; "an awful night ! But heaven will protect and guide me over this almost trackless waste, and why should I fear ?" Yet if her high courage held out, her physical strength did not. Her steps began to falter, her breath to come in quick, pant- ing gasps, and her figure to sway heavily backwards and forwards. At last she stumbled against a wayside stone, and nearly fell upon it. Struggling to regain her footing, she sat down to rest. Her head sank to her knees and a delicious restfulness crept over her. The winds as- sailed her with a spiteful fury ; their moans sounded in her ears like the wails of lost and wandering souls ; the sleet beat upon her, and the wild gloom grew yet wilder and darker. Her senses were deafened in the pandemonium that raged around her. "I must be moving," said Tessa, as the minutes passed. "They may discover my absence and pursue me." She arose slowly and pressed forward wearily. Her feet seemed strangely heavy. Her breath came thickly. Her grey and star-like eyes looked up at the black sky in piteous appeal, but the little feet staggered on, scarcely heeding which way they went. The girl sat down to rest repeatedly in the next hour, but no rest came to her in those brief periods of inaction. Her body seemed to throb at every point. Her head and heart alike ached. The sleet ceased to fall, but the sky did not lighten. And the girl, ris- ing with a start after each brief wayside pause, wandered on and on. With the wind pressing her back, and her feet clinging as if clogged to the earth, and her strength ebbing at every movement, she scarcely made two miles of progress in that hour's terrible struggle and there remained still eight miles to go. "I am so tired, so thirsty," she mur- mured, pitifully as she went on. "I shall sink down soon. I can go but little farther." Yet she staggered on bravely. Presently the soft flakes of snow began falling swiftly and thickly, and the slight, bending figure bore a white burden upon its shoulders. Thicker and thicker fell the blinding snow, and Tessa could not trace her pathway. She feared that she had strayed from the road, but she was so unutterably weary that the fear was only vague and pangless. A cloud like the fog of snow seemed to settle on her senses. She was unconscious now of cold, or wind, or flight. She was wandering she knew not where, and kept to her feet only by a blind instinct rather than any impulse of reason. This could not long endure, and it was ended at last by a misstep. As Tessa's foot sank into a litle hollow in the road, her body fell forward on the ground. She had not strength to rise again, but lay there moaning pitifully unftil a strange sense of sleepiness crept over her, and her eyes closed and her seens were benumbed. The soft snow fell upon her like a winding-sheet ; the winds sweeping over the heaths seemed wailing her requiem. Tessa, in all her young life, had never been so near to death as in that hour. She was falling into a sleep that was the vesti- bule of death, and already the dread angel was hovering above her, when that Provi- dence that had watched over her all her days reached out an arm to protect her still. Suddenly—even as she was drifting into a total unconsciousness—a sound came through the storm and the night that roused her from her trance. It was near at hand— startlingly near—the sound of wheels on the frozezn road. Tessa's first thought was that her father was come in pursuit of her ; but greatly as she feared him and loathed the lot he had apportioned her, the love of life was strong within her. Gathering up all her waning strength that had so nearly fled from her, she struggled to her knees, and putting back her golden hair that the wind had loosened, and was blowing about her small, pale face like a golden mist, she stretched out her arms, and called feebly for help. The wind bore her words in an opposite direction, and the vehicle, dimly seen, was now within ten feet of her. Another minute, and it would have passed, leaving her there to die. With sudden strength, Tessa arose to her feet, and stretched out her arms. Her cloak, her veil, and her long golden hair streamed out like banners. Covered with snow, she looked like some sheeted ghost, as she called out, piteously— "Help—help, or I die !" A cry of amazement came from the interior of the little hooded chaise, and the big, powerful horse was drawn up abruptly on his haunches close beside the storm-worn fugitive. Then a man, lithe and active as any chamois, leaped from the vehicle, and advanced towards Tessa, who fell forward into his arms, exhausted and unconscious. The stranger, with a pitying and wonder- ing exclamation, lifted Tessa into the chaise, and deposited her upon the warm cushions. Then he sprang in after her, touched up his horse, and continued his course towards Wimborn Minster. The horse was left to his instinct for guidance—the safest plan in that snow-storm—while his driver heaped blankets and lap-robes about Tessa, and chafed her hands and felt her pulse with a keen anxiety. "She has only fainted," he said, aloud ; "yet her face feels cold and rigid !" He took from his pocket a small match box, and struck a light, which he protected from the wind with his hat. The fitful flicker of the tiny waxen taper fell upon Tessa's face, and he recognised her on the instant. The brief, small glare was blown back towards his own face, revealing it as the noble and handsome countenance of Tessa's defender—Sir Victor Cheswick. "Miss Holm ! and here !" he ejaculated, as the light went out. "Gracious heavens! what can have happened to make her a wanderer in this wild storm ?" He produced a small wicker flask, filled with brandy, and provided against a chill on his night drive, and gently forced its mouth between Tessa's lips. He gave her a liberal draught of the warming liquid, and, as she began to stir in his arms, he restored the flask to his pocket, and again chafed her hands and softly wiped her wet, un- covered face. A few minutes more, as they drove swiftly onward, and the warm tide of life pulsed anew in Tessa's veins, and reason and memory asserted themselves. She struggled to free herself from Sir Victor's clasp, and said, in a weary, hopeless voice— "I wish you had let me die in the snow, sir ?" "Tessa ! Miss Holm !" cried a voice that thrilled her with sudden joy and ecstasy. "What ! It is not my father ?" she ejaculated. "It is Sir Victor Cheswick ?" "You know my voice ?" exclaimed the young baronet, joyfully. "Yes, it is I, Miss Holm. Thank heaven I came along as I did. I am on my way to London, whither I have been called on sudden business. I have to start by the early train from Wim- born Minster, and chose to drive over at this hour rather than to wait a few hours and then he blockaded by the snow. But what brought you out on foot and in the storm, if I may ask ?" he asked, in a tone of gentle deference and respect. Tessa withdrew herself into the farther corner of the seat as she answered— "I am on my way to London also, Sir Victor." "But where is your father, Miss Holm ?" asked the young baronet. "And how hap- pened it that Squire Todhetly does not send you to the station in a carriage ?" "I have run away from the Grange," said Tessa, mournfully. "I—I don't understand—" "I will explain," said Tessa, wearily, nestling among the warm blankets and dropping her face from the cutting wind. "After you left me at the Grange gates yesterday, Sir Victor, Squire Todhetly made me a proposal of marriage. I refused him. As we sent into the house and into my father's presence, his manner was insulting. I entreated my father to take me away from the Grange, but he refused. He said I should be forced to mary his friend. Then I avowed my intention of going back to my friends in London, and my father locked me up in my own rooms." "Made you a prisoner ?" "Yes. I escaped about mdnight, only with the friendly aid of the housekeeper. The morning train leaves Wimbourn Minster at an hour earlier than my father rises. I shall not be missed until the breakfast hour —nine o'clock—and I shall be safe in Lon- don before my father can reach Wimborn Minster and telegraph to have me stopped." "You have done the best thing possible to you, perhaps," said Sir Victor. "I do not see that any other course was open to you. When your own father conspires against your happiness with his boon com- panion, and assigns you to that companion as if you were some senseless object, it is time that you took your affairs in your own hands. Pardon me, Miss Holm, but I dis- trust your father." "And I also," said Tessa, shuddering. "I am afraid of him, Sir Victor. He does not love me, but instead, I think he hates me. I have seen a look in his eyes that could have sprung from nothing but hatred." "You must be mistaken, Miss Holm," said the young baronet, in surprise. "It is against nature for a man to hate his daughter." "But my father is a stranger to me," said Tessa. "He has a strangely per- verted nature, which I can scarely com- prehend. He hated my mother, and I re- mind him of her. Therefore he hates me. I cannot tell you the details of my parents' unhappy marriage, but their misery falls upon me." "You must not go back to such a father," cried Sir Victor, warmly. "He is certainly unfitted to have the guardianship of his daughter. I will see you safely to your friends, and urge them to place you in some secure refuge, where he will not be able to find you. Then your guardian and I will proceed to investigate his claims and his history. If he is not worthy to be your guardian, and we can prove his unfit- ness for the post, the courts will appoint any one whom yon may choose in his stead." "I should choose Reuben Dennis." "I will interest my friends, so that if influence be needed to effect your rescue it shall be forthcoming. Lord and Lady Thornhurst have generous hearts, and they could not fail to love you. They have been stopping in their town house since a day or two after Christmas, and I shall visit them during my stay in town. My business is to visit an old college friend, who is ill in lodgings in London." "And you have hurried through all this storm at his summons ?" said Tessa. "You have a good heart, Sir Victor." The young baronet was tempted to offer her that heart, and his hand with it, on the spot ; but a timely remembrance that she was helpless and dependent upon him res- trained the words as they came to his lips. He could not take advanrage of her gratitude and helplessness to urge upon her his suit. But it required all the chivalry of his grand nature to prevent him from gathering her to his heart and shielding her thus from the storm. He contented himself with packing the blankets about her, and arranging a pillow for her head. He was thinking of her with all the ardour of a young lover when she fell asleep. She was utterly exhausted, and slept so pro- foundly, and with such stillness, that one might have thought her dead. "She is worn out," murmured Sir Victor. "What must she not have suffered to have attempted flight on a night like this !" He bent over her, with a rush of tender emotion, as if to kiss her pure brow, but withdrew himself quickly, murmuring "She shall be as sacred to me as a sister while she lies so helpless. But on the journey to London I will ask her to be my wife. And if she will but give me the right, I will defend her from a thousand foes !" He drove on, with happy musings, over the wild, rough road. Their progress was necessarily slow, the horse being well nigh exhausted, and it was over two hours later before the vehicle entered the streets of Wimborn Minster. Tessa awakened as they jolted over the pavements. Sir Victor drove to the station, which was open, warmed, and lighted, and sending his horse in charge of a porter to an inn, conducted Tessa to a wait- ing-room. (To be continued.) 