THE WEEK'S NEWS. Death of Ms. T. B. Bruce.—We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. Talbot Baines Bruce, of tfcefirm of Btow; Sritofe, and Ayers, who has long-' been in a very prebariotxs etate, and ■ who died at Ms 'nddenbe, on Lefevra-terrace, at 3 o'clock sum. on Friday, November 8, at the early age of 39. Hrj Brace -wasthe second son of Mr. William Bruce, who cameout to "this colonywith his famfly a Httie more than 20- years ago. Shortly after his arrival Mr. Talbot Bruce was articled to Messrs. Fenn & Wearing, then in partnership together as solicitors and practi tioners of the Supreme Court, andhe very early manifested that altitude for legal pursuits which afterwards raised him at a comparatively early age to the high position which, he held in thje profession. At the expiration of bisarticles, Mr. Wearing having dissolved partnership with Mr. Fenn, prior to his accepting the pest of Crown Solicitor, Mr. Fenn invited Mr. Brace in the year 1860 to join him in business, and for some years the firm existed under the style of Fenn & Bruce. Daring this period Mr. Bruce attracted public notice by a series of able articles en the Ileal Property Act. Subsequently he joined Mr.. Stow, and while that gentleman was actively engaged in politics a large portion of the. office work of their impor tant business fell upon MrV Bruce. Inl861Mr. Bruoe was appointed City Solicitor—- a position which he held up to the time, of his; death, although in July last his.increasing- iliness com-, pelled him to obtaina temporary release from the active -discharge of these duties, -. The posi tion of Mr. Stqw. as the' ablest member and„ acknowledged leaded of the South' Australian bar^ of Necessity left hisparfcner. little 'qppor tunity of cultivating his powers as an advocate, but nevertheless they were far from. incon siderable. As a speaker he was clear and fluent, with frequent touches of humour, while his manner was such as te com mand attention. Among the best displays-of his powers in this respect we may especially refer to his argument in behalf of the pro prietors of this journal when summoned to the Bar of the Legislative Council, in December; 1867, for a breach of privilege. Although allowed barely eight-and-forty hours to get up the case, Mr. Brace's speech was one pf remarkable, ability,lucid in style,graceful in rhetoric, forcible in argument, and thoroughly exhaustive of the subject. Its effect was so marked that no fur ther attempt was made to push thematter to au extreme. Throughout his whole .career Mr. Brace was noted as a laborious student of his profession. He allowed himself little or no relaxation, and it is thought that it was over work which first brought on his severe indis position. This afterwards "developed into a | serious affection of the -liver, under which it ap ! peared to shrink or waste away. : Subsequently r dropsy supervened, and under this complica I tion of disorders the patient rapidly sank. It had been hoped, at .one .time that, a visit to 'Europe* would restore his healthy but the pro i grass of the disease rendered such a journey im j possible, and for some time Mr. Bruce had be ! come.quito resigned to. the prospect of death. ' He was, we believe, a native of Yorkshire,-and | Ins maternal grandfather was the late; Mr. Edward Bainea, the founder of . the Leeds Mercury, one of the foremost of the English pro vincial papers. Mr. Brace, was therefore nephewof the Right Hon. Matthew Talpot Barnes, sometime Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and also of the present Mr. Edward Raines, M.P., for Leeds. He married several years ago Miss Rosalie Stock, aster of Mr. W. F. Stock, and stepdaughter of" Mr. W, M. Sandford, "both solicitors of this city. He leaves his widow and several children as well as a large circle - of friends to "mourn his loss. The Sailors' Home.—Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., gave his leeture on "Lighte and Shadewb of London life" at the Town Hall, Port Ade laide, on Thursday.svening, November 7? in aid of thefondsof-theSailors Home.' Considering the state of the weather during the evening the audience was not small. The lecture as usual was highly successful, and at the conclusion Mr/ Townsend was heartily applauded. Masters W. Townsend and J. Sinolair added to Hie evening's amusement by a couple of recitations, and Mr. Rowland Rees delivered in excellent style. *' Alexander's Feast." Mr. O'Mahoneyplayed the piano during' the evening in a pleasing manner. The usual votes of thanks closed the entertain ment, Strathalbyn Gas.Works. —A public meeting of persons. interested in. the retention of the local Gas Works took place at the Terminus Hotel, Strathalbyn, on Wednesday, November 6\. Mr. Close was voted to the chair, and read a note from the Secretaries of the Provincial Gas Company, which stated that the local plant was under offer to the Torke's Peninsula Gas Com pany. A Sub-Committee, consisting of Messrs. Close, Thos. Stephens,- J. J. Bonnar, and J. Fleming, was appointed to make furthef enqmries into the matter, and to report, th?!' same in due course. A proposition, made' .by". Mr. Catt and: seconded by-the'Rey. Mr. Pooled was affirmed by the- meeting " that It is desir able to retain the GasWorks, provided that they can be obtained on suitable terms from the Com pany." Mr. Bosisto was elected Secretary p* tun. Brougham - Place. Public School. —■ On Thursday, November 7, the annual examination of " the children of Brougham- place Public School —principal, Mr. H. T. E. Morse—took place in the schoolroom, North Adelaide'. The Examiners, were Captain Bagot, who presided, and the Rey E. Masterman. The school, which was opened in Juhe last with about siktysoholars (not in cluding those attending the evening class), has. increased to 80, giving an average attendance daily pf about OA The examinations were, con ducted. by Mr. Morse, .and the answers of the children elicited the decided approval of the Examiners as Well as a large number 'of the parehte of the children who.were m attendance.': The Specimens of caligraphy exhibited were aim; considered satisfactory, and giving promise of something better in the--future. Prizes or rewards, provided by Captain Bagot, were dis tributed .amongst those ofthe; scholars who it . was adjudged by the Examiners merited tijem. The following is the prize-list:—Sixth Class— Early attendance, E. Nicholls prize, G. Fry cer tificate; arithmetic, J. Dixon p., E. Nicholls, c.; grammar, J. Priest p.> J. Dixon c.; geography, E. Nicholls p., G.Pry c.; history, J. Priest p., G. Gale c.; writing, A. Glark p. , G. Fry prize in lietr pf certificate. Fifth Class—Early atten dance, D. Hodges p., (3. Cooke c. ^arithmetic, D. Hodges p., H.-Frost c.; grammar, H. Frost pi, C. Cooke c.; geography, H. Frost p., C. Cooke c.; history, A Eipholls p., W. Everard c;; writing, A. Nicholls p., D. Hodges c., C.Cooke extra prize in lieu of certificate. Third Classy Early attendance,- G. Brown p., R. Hawke c.; arithmetic, -G. Brown p., A. Gathercole cv; -writing, P. Curtin Jp., F. Turnbull c.; reading and spelling, F. • Turnbull p., F, Curtin ■ c. Second Class—Early attendance, A. Jacobs p., J. Coward-e.; writing, G. Merriss p., J. Coward c.; reading and spellimg, A. Jacobs p., F. Mel ville e. Amateur Performance for the Benefit of Mrs. R. B. White.—We understand that the net receipts of the. amateur performance in White's Room, amount to over £50. The ladies and gentlemen. who so • kindly exerted them selves On that -occasion purpose repeating the operetta of "Punchinello" for the same charitable object on 'Wednesday evening, the 13th inst., at reduced prices, and it will be seen by the advertisement- that the reserved seats are to be carefully kept for those by whom they may be The Teleobaph Banquet at Sydney.—Re ferring to the banquet to be held in Sydney to .celebrate the opening of telegraphic communis cation between Australia and England, the Sydney Morning Herald says:—" Alt the preli minaries may now be said to be complete. The banquet will take place in" the Exchange, Bis Excellency the Governor presiding. It is intended - that during the evening a short congratulatory message should be dispatched direct from the Exchange by His Excellency to the Earl of Kimberley, Secretary of State for the Colonies, and, if possible, a reply will be received before the company separates. The rapidity of the transmission will to a great extent depend upon the influence exercised by the Government; and as the Hon. the Postmaster-General has intimated his inten tion to second the efforts of the Committee, it is almost certain that the message, and its reply will go over the wires as rapidly as possible. If by previous arrangement the line., right through to London be kept clear - at a given hour—say 8 p.m.—a message" could be transmitted, and if answered at once, a reply received within two hours at most. A large number have already applied for tickets, and the affair promises to be in all respects worthy of the occasion." A telegram in another column states that the banquet is fixed for the 15th instant, and that the Government has pro claimed a general holiday on that day. The Proposed Steam Express Service.— We notice from the Victorian papers that the following communication dated October 29 has : been addressed to Mr. Francis, Chief Secretary of Victoria, by the Hon. H. Ayers:—" Sir—I have the pleasure to inform you, by desire of His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, that in consequence of the fortunate restoration of the cable, no liability has been incurred in connec tion with the proposed steam service between Port Darwin and" Banjoewangi, towards the ex pensesof which you so promptly aqd liberally agreed to contribute." Bot Dbowned in the Tobbdtb.—Aninquest was held on Friday^ November 8, at the Land ^ Promise- Tim, Hihdmarsh, before. Sr. Clin- - deningand. a "Juiy^on the body of William Smith, aged nine years, who WM^wnropdjnthe/ Smith, aged ^13^ thebnrtherof deojaee^, stated that they both wentinto the river about4 the previmia afternoon to bathe. Witness went in first, and swam to the other side,_ deceased, who was unable to swim,' following. He then saw bim sinking, and William Hipwell, who. had his clothes on, jumped in after him. Witness was then on the other ride. Malcolm Hipwell pulled his brother out of the water, and. deceased then sank. When witness saw liis brother in danger he got on the bank, hat ho one came. The water was about six feet deep. WiDiam O'Neil fiipwell, aged 14, corro .borated the previous witness addingtnat he ^remonstrated with deceased for going into ne ;deep water, but be would; go, ana the moment be got into the. whter he ripped down. He called to his brother, who swain half way across, and then went back and. called out to witness to go in. Deceased then rose, and, said the witness, " I went in and caught him bythe arm. He caught me by the other arm, when we both went down. We both then rose again, but separated. Thereupon deceased'caught me bythe leg and we bow went down again. I came up when toy brother caught me by the hand and pulled' me out. John Smith was then ritting on the bank crying and calling to some pebpleon the road;... He saw a man onthproad' and called himi He came and did nothing';' only asked .Hie names of Hie boys and where they Eved.; Witness gave the' alarm." John Tdnbridge stated.that hb recovered the body of deeeaSed by/diving. .Witness and others did j thhy could to'restore anjm&Hoh; by holding him' up by'the ^ heels/ but without effect > The depth of . water was ! eight or nine.-feet. Dr. Elphick stated he was called abouta quarter pari 4 to' see the boy, and made use of artificial inspiration for about hqif an hour, but found no symptoms of returning - life. The Coroner was of opinion the Jury wonld have bat little diffi cult in arriving at a verdict that the boy had been accidentally drowned; at the same tame by a rider they would no doubt mark their approbation of me courage of the little boy, William O'Neil Hipwell, who' was not a good swimmer, but who at the risk of his life had plunged into the river with his clothes oa to save his schoolfellow, and thereby narrowly escaped being himself drowned. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned." In a rider appended they expressed their appro bation of the courage of W. O'Neil Hipwell" in the attempt made by him to' save the life of his schoolmate. St. Vincent be Paul's Orphanage.—'We understand that during this week the inmates of this inatituHon have wen removed to Miteham, where a well- ventilated building, with paddock and playground attached, has been secured for them. We have no doubt that the change: will be welcomed by the orphans.—Irish Harp. Fathers Horan and Nolan.—The ordinary monthly meeting" of the friends and sympa thizers of Fathers Horan and Nolan took place on Thursday evening, November 7. Great sympathy was expressed by the meeting towards them, and the sum of £29 was handed to the Treasurer, being the largest monthly con tribution received. Reception of Mb. Todd and Pasty.—In compliance with an invitation of the Pro. C. S. Adelaide District Oddfellows, M.U., District Officers of that Order, Foresters, Ancient Order of Oddfellows, and Rechabites attended a meeting on Wednesday, and unanimously , carried a resolution that it is desirable to take steps to form a procession of members of Friendly Societies oh the occasion of the reception of Mr. O. Todd, his officers, and men. Further pro ceedings, were adjourned to Saturday night,-at ' the Lodgeroom, Hotel Europe, where the atten- 1 \- dance of officers of branches is requested to take ■ further steps to promote the movement, as noted by advertisement. * ' ' ] Tihegrafhio Congratulations.—On Saturday ■ morning last (sayB the Argus) His Excellency the Governor received the following telegram from'Viscount Monck, J. Pender, M. Pathon, and , Wm.. Massey, Chairmen of the British, Indian, Eastern, and British - Indian Exten sion Telegraphic Companies:—"London, 2nd November, 1872. Congratulate you and colonies of Australia upon completion of great work of 1 uniting the old world by submarine telegraph. May undertaking so ably completed be of enduring benefit to the colonies and mother country." His Excellency despatched the sub joined telegram in reply, "yesterday" This Government accepts with pleasure congratula tions on completion of world-wide telegraphic communication, and concurs in the hope and belief that success of this great enterprise will confer permanent advantages on the mother country and Australian colonies." South Australian District Independent Order of Rechabites.—A Tent in con nection with the above was established in the Primitive -Methodist Chapel, Narra coorte, on Saturday, November ' 2, by Bro. Edward Alcock, D.S., assisted by Rev. H. B. Thomas, Bros. H. Inglis, P.C.R., W. Attiwill, P.C.R., J. Thomas, D.R., Sloggett, Mitchell; and Ding. The Tent; was named "Excelsior, No. 41." The following 'officers were "duly elected:—Bros. Mitchell, P.C.R.; H. Inglis, C.R.; Sloggett, D.R.; J. Ding, Secretary; H. Thomas, W.S.; ■ Holmes, M.S.; Thos.1 Yinicomb, Levite; J. Crake, Guardian; -Rev. H. B. Thomas, Treasurer. Cricket.—The first match arranged by "the South Australian" Cricketing Association will take place on Monday, as per advertisement. The College ground 1ms been kindly granted by the. Rev.. Canon. Fair, and it is hoped that the friends of the'Association will assist by their presence in making the event a suceess. . Drainage and Rives' Dajes-.-^-Mt. C. 8. ■ Hardy, in a letfer which we regretoiir inability "for want of space to insert 'atlength, advocates the ^above objects as being' of paramount im portance. We subjoin his rough outline of a plan; .for securing both. , "What I would suggest," says he, ".would be that the Corpora tion should borrow, the necessary funds on 'bonds to be .guaranteed byGovernment, .The money could in this', way - be gut at 5, if not 4 per cent.', and I should imagine that £50,000 would probably be sufficient. The amount so borrowed should be expended in making a main sewer the whole .length of the city from east to west; starting from the** Hospital and running parallel with the river and between it ana North-terrace below Government Hpuse and the -Railway Station right down to the Gaol; and there would be quite sufficient fall .then to lead the drainage' from the city into this-main drain. A portion Of the. money so raised should then be -devoted tb making a thoroughly substantial dam across the . river about where the former dam was erected; and as this will only throw the water backasfaras the. City Bridge, or very little higher above it, there shduld.be a second dam up the river so as to throw back a seeond sheet of water to the Company's Bridge, and so enable Dr. Schomburgk to divert the water from the river for the purposes of irrigation, ornamental, lakes, &c.;, in connection with the proposed enlargement of the Botanic Garden." Athletic Sports.—Sports were held by.tbe Osmond-terrace Athletic Club on November 2 in Mr. Prescott's section. The following is.a list of the events:—One Mile Walking Matchrr-B, "Mander; P. Fisher, second. 100 Yards Handicap —P Fisher (S'yards); A. l^binson (ll;yaids), second. 220 Yards Hurdles—H. Wright (scratch); "J. T. Robinson (12 yards), second. Pole- Leaping—P. Fisher/ 6 feet 3 inches; B. Mander, 6 feet. Half-Mile Handicap—P. Fisher (scratch); A. Robinson (40. yards), second. 220 Yards Handicap Flat Race—A. Robinson (22 yards); J. T. Robinson (16 yards), second. High Jump—H. Wright, 4 feet 2-inches. 440 Yards—H. Wright (scratch); B. Mander (25 yards), second. 120: Yards 'Hurdles—■ Wright (scratch); J: T. RobinsW (3 yards), second. One Mile Handicap—A. Robinson (40 yards); B. Mander (scratch), second. Mb. RtaS's Kingfisher.—" Augur" of the Australasian opines that" Mr. Ryan's Kingfisher may .prove an efficient champion if The'Ace should be a non- starter. Speed has always been regarded as Kingfisher's f&rte;, but it is now said that he has learnt how to stay, and the style in which he comes home after a gallop of a couple of miles certainly favours this idea. His perfor mances last year were below mediocrity until he made his appearance at Ballarat, where he ' carried 9 st., and won the Selling Stakes easily enough, giving Detective a year and a stone. His nest appearance was in the Talbot Handicap, 'wherein he met Lapdog and Valentine—the fonder at an advantage of 11 lbs. and tbe latter at 8' lbs.—but neither had the ghost of a show' with him, for he won as he liked by three lengths, which he could have increased had he ■ not swerved at the turn. He afterwards tried conclusions with Contessa and Warrior in the Canterbury Stakes, but be was- never in the hunt. He finished third in the Launceston Cup, but won the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap by a neck, after a desperate race with Contessa, and just afterwards ran second for the Forced Handicap. At the Adelaide meeting he beat Saladin, Glencoe, and several others in the Queen's Guineas, a mile and a half, but has not appeared in public since. It will be observed, then, that his victories have all been gained over distances half a mile short of the Cup course, and it now remains to .be seen whether he can manage to get through a good field of horses in a race of two miles. . My own opinion is that he'll look exceedingly dangerous until he gets within the distance, when his bolt will be shot, though he may struggle home about fourth," Tbm Anonmmn of Bishops.—In the dis cussions at the General Anglican Conference sow being held in Sydney prominenoe has been sn to the question orthe appointment of > announcement of a n4w Bishopric of Ballarat, the first iponmbenl.to be nominated by the Archbishop of Capterbury, should prove abom shell intbe ealap. The Conference appears to have been equal to the emergency, judging from on Oct. 25: of Adelaide claimed the indulgence of the House to permit him to more a motion .Without notice. Tbey.had all noticed the intel ligence which had been conveyed from England by telegram, to the effect that the Archbishop of Canterbury bad been pleased to confirm a bishop to. the Diocese of Ballarat.. They had nothing before them to show that (he formation of any such: diocese had been contemplated, or that any such bishop had even been asked for. In consequence, however, of the telegram which had • boon published, he. now begged to move that the following message be sent by telegraph to the Arehishop of Canterbury and Primate of, England: — 'That the General Synod of the provinces of Australia and Tas mania is now sitting in Sydney, comprising 10 Bishops and 50 Jot and clerical representatives." (Hear, hear.) Whatwould be the effect of that message upon the Archbishop and .others in England he did, not know. (Laughter.) That prelate might receive it as an intimation that we were, somebody, and were doing something. Sir W. Stawell seconded: "the motion. Hs thought , the message would convey a clear, in timatienjthat in what wo.wgre. doing we .did mot forget the: old; country or .the old Church: - Her thought it a most- auspicious; circumstance that,. just : as . we: had formed a: General Synod, ' the. telegraph : was open - to Lus. It : would;- - bind us still. more ' firmly and closely to the old country. Captain Rossi sup ported the motion. The Primate said it was extremely gratifying. to him that a message of the nature suggested should be sent to the Archbishop of Canterbury. He bad no doubt that the effect of it would be to put a stop to any unconstitutional proceedings with reference to the confirmation or appointment of anew Bishop to the Bishopric of Ballarat. The Bishop of Adelaide thought the full title of their most respected Primate shordd.be put in the telegram. He-therefore begged to amend the motion by adding the. words "From the Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan and Primate of tiie Province of Australia and Tasmania.' The Bishop of Goulburn seconded the amend ment. The Primate thought the question of sending his title would be better left to the discretion of those who sent the telegram. The motion was agreed to, the . telegram having, after some discussion, been altered to read as follows:—' Bishop of Sydney to the Archbishop of Canterbury—General Synod Church of England in'Australia and Tasmania formed; sitting at Sydney; ten Bishops, fifty clerical and lay representatives.—F. Sydney." A Gbeat Preacher.—In a notice of the life of Dr. Macleod, Alexander Strachan writes:— " I have heard him preach scores of times, and cannot call to mind one sermon of his that was dulL Many preachers soar now and then in their discourses, and then come down with pain fully flapping wings; but when Norman Macleod went up he kept up with a strong, steady flight that never flagged. I have often heard hifh preach under exceptional circumstances — m . Paris, Amsterdam, Berlin, Vienna,' Athens, Rome, - Alexandra, Constantinople, Jerusalem, and Damascus—but the most striking "of these exceptional services were when he preached on board a Peninsular and.Oriental: steamer in the Mediterranean to a congregation of forecastle men—the shaggy-breasted tors all crying like children; and again, jwhen on the banks of the Caledonian Canal, he addressed the crews of half a hundred fish-boats. I have said ' preached/ but iu neither case was it a set sermon—simply friendly talk made eloquent by its earnestness." Antidote to Smallpox.—It is stated in a European journal that a German physician lately started the theoiy that - the -fearful disease known as smallpox originates from an excess of albuminous matter in the blood, and that this is prevented by the administration of. common salt. The habits of children in in dulging too freely in sweetmeats he considers one great cause of this undue , development of albumen, mid he .alleges that coffee and tea, if highly sugared,, tend also to excite it in adults. Any organic acid, such as lemon juice, he considers the best means of freeing the blood when clogged with too much albumen,.and he alleges that by taking these simple remedies in the (way of precaution he has, for upwards of twelve years past, -frequented or taken up his abode in the most pestilential- smallpox hospitals of Europe and South America with entire impunity. A Bird Drqver.—George Cary Eggleston writes the following interesting sketch to the j Hearth and. Homes:—" The first time I was in New Orleans I strolled down the street one day, and as I went on I observed a man before me who threw out first one handed, then the other, raising them both above his bead sometimes, and bringing them down again as if he were going through a. gymnastic exercise, of practising gestures of a school speaker with pictures of boys in it, mid dotted lines to show where their hands are to move. He was not walking straightforward, but -wept first to one side ana "then to the other; so that I thought he must be either drunk or crazy. When I came up with- him, however, I found that he was perfectly .sober, very far from crazy, and as busy as the most industrious person could wish,; He whs,, in fact, a bird merchant, and he was. driving two or three hundred canaries before-..him,- just "as people drive hogs or cattle, or anything else, . They.-were not trained birds ,that~have " been taught; tricks like those they:- have in. shows, but just ordinary canary tarda; hoppihg along the ground in a drove like a flook of sheep. They seemed to know their master/and nadbeen practised at this driving: until they knew the meaning_of every gesture he made, so that he. could drive them wherever, be pleased without fear of losing a single one, and whenever a customer wanted to see a particular bird the man had no difficulty in picking it up out of the flock. The whole thing was so odd that I talked with the man and got permission to-go to his shop, which was a queer place certainly. There were cages hanging alt ever the ceiling, and silting everywhere that a cage could sit, and every cage was full of birds. Birds of every kind and colour were riiere—some singing, some chattering, some screaming; and the place, I thought, was the noisist one I ever saw. A great owl hopped about the floor, and au eagle sat'oo oaO of the tables, looking like a judge half-asleep. Two birds of paradise in a cage were smoothing their gaudy feathers, like ladies getting ready for a concert. Little birds of every colour were crowded together in one cage ready to be sent away to a bird-dealer in another city. In the backyard the canaries— hundreds of them—were twittering, while pea cocks and turkey gobblers strutted about among their little neighbours. The old man also kept some snakes in boxes, and one or two young alligators, together with monkeys, and weasam, and rabbits, and everything else that anybody could possibly make pets of, by the dozen. I learned that the man raises all his canaries and many of his other lards, and buys the rest from sailors, who diring them from Mexico and South America. He has hoys- and girls wandering au over the city with little cages of birds for sale, and he drives the canaries himself, while his wife attends to the shop. He commenced driving canaries many years ago, and had a good deal of trouble teaching his first flock to obey. Bat . birds and animals seem to learn from each other more rapidly than from men; so whenever young canaries get large enough to be sold, the xnanputs them with his flocks, and they do as the rest do without, any other train ing. They are like boys and girls in doing as their comrades do, learning good things er bad things, acfeordiDg to the company they keep." A" .Russian Bath.—la the Oambi-ian a corre spondent writes;— morning, whioh was a novelty even to me, though I am an old Turkish bath bather. My bathman who put me through the process was a great strapping fellow, about three inches taller than myself. First of all, buckets of tepid water were thrown over me, and then followed a good lathering of soap, made up in a bowl; after which I was placed on a perforated board, through the holes of which hot steam began to percolate, whioh, getting hotter and hotter, and much too hot—although 1 can stand a good deal —I was obliged to sing out and make signs, when my bathman, mistaking my movements for a signal as to its not being hot enough, clapped on a little extra, which started me pretty quickly off my perforated bed, and 1 could not be in duced to take another dose. I then observed six-foot-three provide himself with a cat-of-nine tails in the shape of a birch, made of bushes of the bay-tree, and, strongly suspecting when he got me at fall length on my face he intended to administer this instrument, 1 respectfully re quested to know—by signs, mind, as we could not speak a word to each other—what were his intentions, when he unhesitatingly, informed me that it was part "of the regular process, and must be proceeded with. I therefore resigned myself to my fate, went flat down on my fate as di rected, and got birched from my neck to my heels in true Spartan, fashion, without wincing or moving a muscle. However, it was'not as bad as X expected, as my tall friend took com passion on toe tenderness of my skin, finding it not quite as tough as that of a Russian bear. Colonel Wabbpbton's Kmxwura pajit: A telegram received in town from Mr. A. G. •Burt announces the arrival of his party at the Stirling, about 80 miles north-east of Central Mount Stuart. He proposes, to -camp there until Saturday next, when he will again start southward. He also mentions the interesting fact that one of the-camels'has calvedL Mothebs* Meeting.—Owing to the success which has attended the meetings of mothers in South Adelaide in connection with the City Mission, a few of the. ladies connected with the North Adelaide Congregational Church t«< year resolved to try the . experiment in Lower North Adelaide. Tms locality, being inhabited principally by the poorer classes, affordedample scope for the operations of such a Mission, and the branch chapel gave the necessary accommoda tion. It may be as well to say that the Com mittee act upon the principle of helping only those who have shown an inclination to help themselves, unless this is prevented by illness or some other insuperdble barrier. Gifts of cast-off clothing of all sorts and qualities are gladly welcomed from all friends, and are much needed. These are sold to those attending the' fort-: nightly meetings, and with the. proceeds goods suitable to the wants of the cus tomers are bought and sold at wholesale prices, assistance being also rendered - by the ladies in cutting out, sewing, and otherwise - preparing the articles for wear. The meetings, generally continue for. about two hours, and/ while the mothers are engaged sewing one,of the ladies conducts a short and simple serviee. It . is satisfactory to know that a large number of - the mothers , in the neigbourhood gladly avail. , themselves of this means of obtaining- articles , fortheir families .which otherwise it would b&" ' dSEciiitfor them to obtain; and they, have such"* confid^nee intfae management that -theydeposrb occatioiiaHy small sums for the purchase of. Borne ■' more tban ordinary, article of clothing, and on " these deposits a small amount byway of interest is - allowed. The first anniversary of the Mission was: celebrated on Wednesday, November 6, by a tea meeting in-the chapeL The Rev. James Jefferis presided and delivered a suitable address, and the mothers present seemed grateful for the efforts made on their behalf. There were between 40 and 50 present, including a few of the ladies in the neighbourhood who take an interest in the Mission. - Warehousemen and Clebkb' Association. * —The annual business meeting of this Associa tion was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednesday-evening, November 6. Mr. D. H. H. Weir was voted to the chair. The officers for" the ensuing year were appointed as follows:— President, Mr. D. Murray; Vice- Presidents, Mr. Weir and Mr. T. Brown; Treasurer, Mr. A. Pomeroy; Secretary, Mr. 1$. G. Phillips; Com mittee, Messrs. Knowles, Bertram, Henniker, Culliford, Mahoney. Votes of thanks to. the retiring officers closed the proceedings. A Useful Lock of Hair.—Litigants fre quently resort to ingenious measures for securing - the sympathy of the Bench, and an amusing instance of the kind occurred this week at the City Local Court. A defendant, in order. to show how much she had been ill-treated, pro duced a large bunch of hair, supposed to have been pulled out of her head in a quarrel by the plaintiff. The lock, however, bore a strong resemblance to a specimen periodically exhibited in the Police Court for years past, and it was suggested by counsel that the possessor was in the habit of lending it out to complainants in assault cases as a pity-evoker. The Telegraph Construction Parties.— The Superintendent of Telegraphs . has cour teously furnished_ us with the following correct list, in alphabetical order, of names of the > men connected with the work of telegraph construction who are returning. by.theumeo, and of those who have remained at Sydney:— ; Abrahams, Augur, Behrendt, Bayfield, E. Burton, R.: Q. Balten, Brown, Baldock, Bacon, Buder, Behan, Bastiaa, Bushby, Barnett, J. Bamfield, Bye, Ball, Brock, Barnett, T. J. Clarke, Cox, Chalmers, L. Chalmers, J. Cook, Carter, Connolle, Crowder, Ceasar, Dempsey, Diamond, Dodd, Edwards, G. Ellison, Easthen, Elboreugh, Edwards, W. Eckers, C. Forman, Funnell, Floyd, Fyfe, Greayinan, Gaoking, Giles, A.. J. • Giles, Alfred Gaunie, Graeme, Garlick, Griffin, Harpur, Hack, Hiilean, Heath,T "Herbert, Hausson, Hearn, Hollis, Hinds, P. Hockley, Johnson, C. Jones, J. Jones, S. Jones, T. Judd, Kirkland, Kiely, King, Lyons, Lloyd, Lamb, 'Lambell, McCormack, Mitchell, Maher, ,. Macaulav,. Medland, Merchant, Miller, J. M./i Motes, Melville, Awler, C. Nimmo, Newton,;,: Odgers, Ockleford, Pybus, A. Parsons, Potteiy, Powdiech, Price, Ring wood,' Butt, Bix, Bead, Bobertson, Pegus Russell, Richards, Kelly, Stetton, Spencely, Schimick, _ Stir ling, E. Scadden, Schact, Stirling, W. Si rams, - Thompson, Terrell, Troubridge, Toobey, T. ■ Williamson, Whitehead, Weaver, Witherick, William, W. J. Weidenhofer, Woods, W. Walters, Wiltshire. Three other men were to have come to South Australia in the Omeo, viz., Williams, G., left behind at. Brisbane; Shod grass ana Ford selected to remain at Sydney. The following men belonging to the.southern sections are returning in Omeo:—Barwis, Beale, Cox, W. Frinsdorf, Harvey, Hirst, Harrison, Hood, Halstead, Lowther, J. Price, J. F. Roberts, Beichel, Slattery, Thompson, J. Threadgold, Wauehope, ELelly, C. Kearsher, and Boucaut's express party. The following are the numbers of men for whom Government will have to pay owners of Omeo:—Newcastle— Five saloon, 37 steerage.. Melbourne—Three steerage. Adelaide—Twenty saloon and 121 Dr. Patersok on Vaccination.—In the Australian Medical Journal for this month, just published, Dr. Paterson's interesting paper. " On the Early History of Vaccination" is con cluded. Speaking of the alleged risks ofvaoci nation, he says:—"Its ..risks are infinitesimal. Grantingthe worstprove of say in round, numbers $00 accidents to hun dreds of millions of..cases. . Why, there is more risk in the most ordinary actions of every-day life than there is in this. Walking in the street, travelling in railway carriages, ndmg, driving, even eating a meal is more dangerous. _ I have known men to be choked whilst eating their feod, but I have never heard that this is an argument why they should not dine; yet I believe if we had the statistics of dining for the last 74 years, the time during which vacci nation has been in existence, it would found that dining is a much more perilous business than vaccination." The short-sighted rashness of the Medical and Chiruigical Society of London, in deciding offhand the vaccdno-syphilis controversy,- is, says the Aogus, strongly com- . merited upon,- and the apprehensions - expressed, by that ; body are shown to be groundless. As the action taken by that Society has been a good deal referred to by certain alarmists in this colony, Dr. Paterson's protest is both useful and timely. . New Zv.AT.Axn Affairs.—By the Tararoa, which arrived on Monday last, the Arpns has New Zealand papers to October 22. There is a good-deal deal of political news. In announcing the new Ministry in the House of Representa tives Mr. Vogel stated that it was intended after the present session to appoint two natives to advise the Government on native affairs. Amongst the measures which had passed tho House of Representatives were Bills for the abolition oi imprisonment for debt and to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The latter, however, was rejected by the Regis _ lative Council. A. "supplementary" fiSaocidf statement had been made by' Mr, Vogel,. showing a probable surplus of only £1,061 _ instead of £25,000. Mr. Stafford had raised a_ debate in the House of Representatives by* asking whether, in the event of the death " or resignation of the Premier, the Ministry' would, according to constitutional usage, be ipso facto dissolved. He severely criticised— Mr. Waterhouse's appointment . as Premier, declaring that Mr. Vogel was fairly entitled to . the Premiership, and that it would have been more satisfactory and seemly had he held that office. After a abort discussion the matter was allowed to drop. In introducing the Railway BUI; Mr. Ormond explained what lines it was proposed to survey or construct. The estimated cost of the whole of the. proposed works was £3,661,516, as against £2,719,010 formerly ap propriated, the difference of £942,506 being accounted for thus:—Rise in the cost of iron, £450,000; Rakaia Bridge fnot formerly provided for), £40,000; Rangitata, Orari, and Hinds * Bridges (not formerly provided for), £80,000; - increased rates for work, £247,230—-£817,230. «■ To this add approximate estimate for purchase . of land, £192,900; engineering ana office, - £157,760. Total, £1,167,890. The average cost of railways would only be about £5,000 per mile, including everything. On the third reading of, the Bill, Mr. Murray strongly protested against> the whole Government scheme, asserting that the railway calculations a ere untrustworthy, and that the works authorized would cost not less than £6,000,000, Mr. Stafford declared that owing to the action pf the Government and the policy of the House; he, with great regret, had made up his mind to wind up his private affairs and leave the colony. Mr. Gillies also spoke strongly against the BUI, which, however, passed without a division., - The Priscilla Reef.—Telegrams have been, received from Messrs. ^Reynolds, Gore, 6c Co., * stating that the Prissilla Reef forms a portion of Mr. Westcott's original selections, and measures between 400 and 5Qt yards in length and breadth. The Caeiforniah Rainfall.—In San Fran- ; \- cisco for the season up to the end of February 29*56 inches rain fell, whereas last year the total of the entire season was merely 14*10 inches. €bjssk.-tOh JastfFriday rA:«W»tv named .. Joseph: Sawyer,; a teamgtetiW;thepmploxefMesarB. cAfcstfln.vandi Giles, station piguprs,; started, from BentonYale with, a wagPh^apd .four: horses., He hadmia; 'oaJ- OI tswoV Hit "met. with. .an incident on i "^t.. fli miledf&alt; Cro^DK^nx^'iieuadoneann broken, and the, fleshy!ieij .WT^rejy lacerated ; by the wheel runh]^ (Mpf it, , He fell "from the top <of the loao^and *<• lojihd wherethe fioeidentooourred by awayfai-er.; The Bufferer has been removed, to Pcir^ AdeJmde by, the Edith Alice," -and will. Tory jpj^hftbiy be.sentto the Adelaide; Hospital. ' N^pjE^wiEscaPB.—There was a nairowfosoaper fromjg$,aoc&ent; on Tuesday evening at Port Wall^w. oJf ihe jetty. The Ttjaef says on . fhe.j^Tal ;i<n : the Kangarop- steamship,; a passenger natoed. Mr. Burden, ofHauina,. attempted <"to jump from the vessel to the wharCaod, instead of doing so jumped into the sea. jYortpnaiely he was taken put at once withpuireceivhjg^nyinjury. , ... , Aoc®E»T.t—On Monday Mr. Stewart, of H.M. CustoWDSj' unfortnn ately fell down the hold of the South' Australian, and was much, braised and shaken in consequence. Ac&SENtt-;^On Tuesday afternoon, as a youth namwt: John Midwinter was riding, down Curiae-: streetoha young hoisa the animalmadea false. . stephndttow its rider, falling ugon <md ad^^^^P thvHeeprt^iu^l^ ^vdnuig, and Is pro^ri^s^^Snrp&^ly.;,. "/ iTj^rA collision occurred in Franklin punda, onTuesdayaffcamponi between nahlheram^dayen ;hyrVla^ and a; corse yvjidgn^y.Mr. J?, Coffee, of the ."Light. It: appeys fluA'fipee's attention was engaged by 8ome.<mttle .he whs: driving, and he evidently did apt see wtewehicle, which was coming in an '^/diractibnat a rather smart pace. The j /jcmfeipd i'ithe hip of Coffee's; heme,; and J pene^tefi,completely through the popranimalj 1 and .considemme force had, to be ;u8ed to - : extricate it^ The .'rider fortunately escaped ; without iniuiy, as also did the horse, cart, and driver.' The injured animal, which was a rather val pable one,. was subsequently killed. Sossraos^—The heat was very; great at Hapruulaan: Tuesday, and a case -of sunstroke occu^rfdiatifilrwsB's Sale Yards. It: was, how ever rnpt avery serious.-one,and a liberal appli-. cation -of.,,cola > water proved effectual in re toring thesulferer from partial insensibility. . ' BuBGLiKii-^Somewhere about October 22 'a cotta^belcmgin&toMr.tr;, Jonas, East-terraee, was brokenwtoanda quantity of valuables . removed,"• Mr, dones, it appears, was absent at " the time, and on his-return found the front door forced open .and-the premises ransacked. Amongether tilings several articles of jewellery, weremissed,. Retrace of the burglars has yet. been discovered* " ' VisrexExHlBlTIOK, 1873.—We are requested by Mr/iC.,J. Coates to«tal5e that tbere ^wDl be no charge tot spacefor exhibits from the Aus tralian .'Colonies at- the Vienna Exhibition, which wffl openqm^e lft May, 1373.; ~ ■' SAJrt^DAT "at fciPUKDA.—Tuesday bping the \- usual s&e-day; in Kapunda, the town .presented quitea lively appearance in consequence -ofjtbe lafgOTduinber or people who came in froinall. directions. Trade was pretty' -brisk," and ap peared to be much'better than it has been for -•"sometime past, '- ~r: f:- * MB.PaaTEBS0irAND Partt.—It wifl be seen , by our'-Sydney - telegram that- the'South. Aus (fcraliairjpartion of Mr. Patterson's (telegraph ConstrootiOfa* l»rty.,: including MeBBts. ( Piatt, Mitchell,- Harvey, Burton, Stolen K&^ "and other. editors and the men iengafred ln South ' Australia, hare leftNew South *Wales! byl the Gmeo.- Mr; -Patterson has remained in Sydney, to pay off "those of the partywho w6reti&kh;:, fromJiew3South Wales, ahd after doing sowllb . returnby thefirst Opportunity. '( . TELEGRAPH BETWEEN ADELAIDE AED LONDON. \- —As tjuPiUu^trhtioh of tire'uses torwhich the* through5''telpgraph 1 will' .he* - put, Captain" \- MoFari^ne informs us that on; his' arrival on \- Monday be InHnediately wired homuto his snip's, owners in Ibbdon:-^i<Kirkhain arrived all safe and aforigmdewbarf." White's. Rooms. — An entertainment by amatfliiiepesgirenin White's-Rooms on, Tues , day erening,m aid of St. Paul's Church Choir Fundi ' His Excellency the Governor and suite attended, ''and there, was a .very respectable audience/ (though not so nuxoerbus as -there . would prbbaHy havebton had hn evening been chosen1 On which ; there .were fewer counter.at tractions; It,is not often we have the pleasure of hearing so much musical talent in amateur performances as we heard last evening,', here and fhftre a song or duet really rising above mediocrity. But we cannot refrain from offer ing a suggestion to some of the gentlemen, and paraculariy ta him who sang the tonor part in the duet r The Army and Navy," not to hold their ehhft'ofhrosic exactly before their faces. It loofcs obsurd1 to: the audience to see a body and apair of; legs siirmountcd by a sheetof music:,' Besides, (the tone of voice is hot always' robust;' as, indeed, it was hot in-the' case - wo (have referred to; and when the sound Is,; intercepted at its very: source it becomes almost inaudible off the stage." More "than one instance of the' kind oocurfed last mght, and the effect was to mar what -mis otherwise tolerably good music: The programme consisted of two parts, with an interval'Of ID minutes between them.' Thefitft emcoro- was:given towards the endofthe'first part; •, after, that the calls became: frequent, not always the - best song- meeting with ! tbe loudest applause.' Following Our ttoa j udgmhnt, irrespective af the encores, we {urepusposed to: mentionaaamong themoft creditable_perfor mancee—^llhe Moon i^-raisedher Lamp/' Aduetby tenor -and baritone voices; tiife song; *' My -Jietiy ^anej" a round by" three male voices,-called^ Haiti' forthe Bugles Sound/' ahd the 4<Tbe Army and Navy/'a-tener and baritone duet. Aquartette,"ThetwoRoses/'and -Lord Mornington s glee, « Here in cool Grot,"" were sung without accompaniment in a very able and pleasant manner. The concert was quite a success,land the!applause was at times most enthusiastic.. Adelaide i Benevolent - and Stbanoebs' FBmrofioeiETr-—The Committee of the above Society held; their usual monthy meeting on November 4, atjthe Church Office; Mr.' Thos. NeQl m the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £90 2s. lid. , including an—anonymous donation of £56. Sereral c&Eee; of distress were brought forward by different members of the Committee, and £6 2s; 6d. was voted to relieve five of them. Each inember was empowered to draw £1 in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. Coal.—It is reported that a discovery of coal, has been' made in the neighbourhoodof Fried rickswglde, about 20 miles north of Kspufida/As: far as we have been able to learn, it appears that a German farmer livinginthe above neighbourhood found j something- like coal on his section^ and took a.,sample of it to a neighbouring black-' smith,, who ..pronounced it the genuine thing. The blacksmith, whose name we believe is Liebig, then went; in company with the farmer to the place where the sample was taken from, and there saw two seams about as thick as a man's arm.; At present there is a crop on the section^ and .until that is taken off nothing will be donfi totest the .value of this discovery. If the substance be really coal, it will be a most important; djscovery for the colony, and we therefore wait with anxiety for further informa tion on'thesubject.—KapundaEe>-uldf The Education Question.—The meeting on Tuesday; November 5, of the North Adelaide Young. Men's Society was set apart for Parlia mentary business; After various questions had been answered, the House resolved itself into Committee for the further consideration of the following retelutions submitted by the Minister of Education:—ff l. That it is desirable to amend the laws relating to_ education. 2. That a Bill be introduced providing for a system of secular and compulsory education." To ther second resolution the following Amendments were moved"1. That a Bill be introduced pro viding for a system of - State education which shall be compulsory; but in such system it is highly inexpedient that the use of State school houses before or after school hours should be prohibited by legislative enactment for religious ptuposeB."- "2. That in any Education Bill to be introduced the: Bible should not be excluded from public schools." After an animated and well-sustained debate, the Government resolutions were earned by a majority of 14 to 9. Leave having been given, the Premier and the Minister of Education laid the Bill on the table. It was read a first time, but a motion to suspend the'Standing Orders to enable the BQl to Be carried through all its stages was negatived, and the second reading postponed till after the recess. So great is the interest excited jn this new feature in the Society's operations, that a motion providing that the Parliamentary meetings be continued fortnightly during the usual recess was warmly supported by several members, but was lost by a small majority. City Ababism.—It is time the police looked sharply after the street Arabs, for they are becoming a-nuisance in the back parts oi the city. We have been informed by a draper in a. large way of business that two of his errand boys were assaulted last week by a mob' Df young rascals. -Inone instance they stole a parcel, but at was fortunately rescued by a gentleman who was pasting at the mopcipnt. Atanothertimeoneof the lads had to ran into a shop to escape moles tation. It is to be hoped thatvigorous efforts will be made to suppress the evil before it becomes much worse. ^ IWJtnsSVr: plr. -rFfAtAi'^T which lia,ve iT3e^iawte<t'lnt-Aii.6^atetBf<Jf<^Wo{ . .paktfow woefcithere llu»sr»sett^o8e^<Bkteb4? . in jits.': painful issue* thecjiresent OiA::;»A^tlle; girl- nKmed':f}*r&~Axma->i&ktJ3;£btitdf '*ged yehre, dan^Wiof-Wm.iCSii66b61^lb|to^S^'! echo©! ^ r snake, which turned XipOli ber«nd bit Iwnfow' three times,aiid6he ^edito"«bQutlVTO'h«toTS' .after in the', house left ame^bOu^-wbess^hilJ drenwdre %rith' heratthbtimWfthebcoUrrSaoe.! ;M inqnestw«sheldonr8atUKfaybeforBMr. T.s 0\. Joae^ cf Gawfer, J.P.^sad a*itwelve,* of i whichMr, f W._1Torreet'waa Foreman, when1 from schoolyosteHJaywithm-ysister and 'Sarah'-' Chambers;:' She was in the middle. ■ 1 Saw two snakes clpse to yte." Wewereaboutto turniback " whenSarabChambere trodou one Of the enhkOs/ and it coiled' round her 'teg.? I'Sftwit bite her. My sister got it away. The deceasedhstd boete and Socks on.L She tried to get the snake* swat?' rand it bit her finger, ' and was" taying to get up her Arm/.: Wo took deceased to our house.■ Annie >Kelly, agedlO^yeara/g^vetunillar evidence." Mrs. Kelly said—Yesterday about 4 p'clock orafter my two little girls'came homo frnm school, bringing- - tho ^ttece&sed; ' With^ them.- i Before' coming -tec * the door they"said Sarah ; Chambers was: bitten "by a'snake. I looked at ihe child and saw the taarks. Igot rsoihe *hoiUng ' water'- and ~pu£, salt in it;aad -opened * the wound wftharazor,audput the hot water. Over it eeypral tunes/ butOouldbringvBt) blood. -■ I tightly tied the leg abovethe wound, but did- not know bSrhaadVaabitten.^ I ■took' the ehild in my lap, and sent forher mbUier. She gave a scream.and frothed at the mouth;' apd then was sick. She 'said to * me,: *'1 aid going to die," and never apoke'sfter. v She lived, about an hour and ahalfBftershespdke.Sho was very sleepy, her eyes changed'vefrymuCh, her breathing was very easy. HermOthOr arrived 'half mi- hour before the child *died.; There is no doctor -nearer than 11 miles. The child'' died- -about two hours after * being: bitten. She 1 appeared well' when' she came in. When her mothercamel asked the child if she knew her. but she took'jiono&ce; of her, 1 had no spirits in tbie house, norcbuld I get any. The Jury returned a verdiotthat deceased died frbm the bite of asnake/andihat up blamewas attachable to any persoh/ praising^ Anne Kelly for her courage in pulling away the shake. -■ r-: ■ Moee : Snakes.—Our. Strathalbyn correspon dent says:—"A few days siace,;as the District. Council Stationman was crossing s paddock, he saw a brownBnake/about five feet long,at which. lie hiade a out .with a, shovel .and Bevered.its„ tail, When the reptile'.took to Its .legs (for tegs they certainly have, which ara only'developed under circnmstanoes of suffering),^ followed hy^ its vanquisher, who again struck it, this time' on the middle of the body. : ItattemptCd to strike, and fought for its "life? bat in vain, for, being injured, at was soon dispatched. , Snakes ;AGain.—The Bvnyip says:—wThe : utmost caution will- be necessary this season , with reference,*to these most-dangerous pests^ 1 especially where there are1 children. A snake nearly-five feet long Wasbfougbt to our office on ^Thursday that • had - been killed in Canon Coombs's paddock, and one equally large was destroyed whfle crossingthe footpath in Murray* streets. We hear also m their arouhdii^ along the i railway line' and the Port7Gawler:road,' "When.it iscohsideredthatof sbmeSOfcrnds of* these ' reptiles, abounding in • the^colonyi hine . tenths'-carry death'ih~ihrir bith" too; much cafe cannot heexercised Ih^guardh^'sgiaiiBt' their approach, Ahaymaker was brought: to: Dr. Popham's surgery, having beenbitten byoneof these reptiles whllst engagbd amtni^t the--hay. After smoking his pipe, he lay on A hgycoOk with hie hands wlasjpid at the'back of his head, when he Was bit in the finger by a ' shake-Concealed in:the hay. Dh Popham at once cauterized the wonnd, had the' ;mui is doing wed bo far. - Later In thO'-day WW learnt that Mr. C. Walke. of PinkCrten's I?lMns,while mowinghad killed a snake of deadly character, 1 seven feet and a half in length, ahdthat in the same -locality another "eix feet in 'length had been dispatched^ A respectable correspondent calls attention .to' the fact that the presence of the.' gigantic kingfisher* wdgo .Laughing Jackass, - among - the . trees- near the ; confluence of the two rivers is a strong indication that shakes are abounding* of whichr that valuable bird is the inveterate enemyand successful destroyer. - Will our Oofporation take these philanthropic birds under their pro - ; tection, and -therefore kindly stop the- use of - fowling- pieces. on our Park Lands, or will they waita: little longer till some one ~£b bitten by a snake or shot through the head. For two years We have been Calling attention toiheillegal use of fiiharms- within .our Corporate juris-1 diction, so that AecOfflihg to the doctrine of chances we are -dhat much hearer a catastrophe , gnd1 -'A " s Coroner's ' inquest." . Abojit^fWC' Cf1 the'intadfots mentioned the Gawf^e 'Times 'gives somh additional information ■lifthe bhfcji&ined; paragraphs >—*' A man; in the . emp^oy !-of Mr. Smyth,rj*of Onetree Hill, was -' biftenVby a good-rized, knake/ He had just " finished dinner, and Was loungfhg oh a haycock, when the shake deliberately crawled up and bit him joff the finger. -The man was'nearly a mile and a half from home,. and as soon asbit made the he^hf hisWay there,suokihg the wonnd all the why. Dr; Popham iras at once sent for,"■ and soenarrived An the soene. Me treated the', man for ^snake -bite, but could not find any evi dence of poisoning,' and after having waited for about anheur left.—On Friday morning A snake about f our feef rix inches -long was Idfledinffont - of tbeltistitute by JJr.James Fagoson^ store keeper. Thatgentiemjan was walking doWnthe street when th e snake made its appearahcefroin the south side of the institute, 'As the fates , •decreed it a stone Was father handy, andwith : this weapon - Mr. Ferguson almost: Severed bis snakeship's head "from his body. , The reptile' was visited by a good number of persons during the day,-and many were the coniebtorra as to ; how ha came there. The most likely thing u that, he came in a load of "wood.- Simh'occur-' rencpsas this should act as a warning to "people at this time of the year, as there is no knowing; where snakes may be seen now." ' Poet Darwin.—We acknowledge the-receipt from the publisher, Mr. CL Lobertson,, of Mel bourhe, of a'pamphlet entitled " Port DArwin*. -its Soil, Climate, and '.Resources, and Prospects as a Gold-Field;'; also' a Descriptive Sketch of Charters Towers," to which we referred abputa month ago. Frkskntatiok.——It is pleasing to -find that individual merit does not in all oases go unra warded or unrecognised. ■ An instance of. this was given -on Friday, Nor. 1, when the members ofthe .choir connected withPirie-street. Wes leyua Chapel met at:Mr. J. Colton's house, Hackney, for the. purpose of. presenting -an address and a handsome timepiece to: Mr, W.' B. Chinper,,who has, rendered valu&hleeerrices; as.organist gratuitously forthepastfour years. The address, which was. elegantly engrossed on vellum, referred to. Mr, Chinner'a unquestionable ability ,as an organist, contained -many expnes-. sions of, regret at the severance of old And. pleasant associations, bope testimony to the. great amount of good he haddoneinpromoting good: fellowship, amongst the members of the choir, and conmuded with a hearty wish for his futons prosperity.. 0A Monday- morning another . gathermg took place in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall,1 and Mr. Chinner was presented with a Surae containing 60 guineas. The Rev. T. ames presided, and addresses were delivered by seyend gentlemen. • , A Honeycombed ' Copsthy.—Now and ! circumstances showhow cavernous is the ground i under and near the town of Mount Qambier, ] and the Borda'Walch of Wednesday thus giro? j the latest proof" Yesterday morning an ex- ] traOrdinary opening occurred in tb6surface of ' the . ground In Messrs. Lord & Co.'s yard, im- j mediately in the rear or their business, premises. While a horse attached to a dray was being driven over the spot, which previously appeared perfectly sound, the earth gave way under the ! horse's feet, and one of the wheels of the vehicle ] sank for some distance. The result was that an aperture about four feet wide and probably fire j or six feet long, was formed. The hole descends obliquely to a depth of four or fire feet, and there appears to be a chasm underneath for a considerable distance. The ground had pre- ' riously sunk slightly near this spot." Mb. Chabies A. Howabd.—The Bunyip \ writes:—" This gentleman, the son of a former respected resident of Gawier,has returned tor' the colony by the South Australian after study ing for the last four years at the Royal Academy of Musicians, London. We are glad to learn that he comes out with "distinction and honours. His studies hare been chiefly under Professor Hill, and he has earned high testi monials f rem Lord Dudley and Sir S. Bennett, and on quitting the Academy he was presented with a handsome violin bow, his instruments being chiefly %the violin and piano, having evinced a strong passion for the former instru ment when a boy resident in Gawier. As he is shortly to appear in public, we may look for a professional notice of our welcome Athenian." Locusts.—From Canowie, on October 28, the correspondent of the Kapuiida Herald reported; that " the locusts are not so plentiful as last; year. If they were they would not do half the damage they did then, for the simple reason, that there is plenty of grass for them, which was not the case last year. If the hot winds keep away the farmers are all right for a good yield. The crops could not look better than they do." I WOoStatfWiTjLv,.l^v, ™ — ... — - stable Alfchun&puad; bt^ra, Vho'itereftt h^lyk tippn thB-gibund; hacoO&aeid;^ihei wftirig them and tearing- do'trh built) liohhsd been used as i^Bahlirousis^ind1.* >r&, N<^fuitt'of r(feaiyi^o w&B; 'flbniTJ -^"A'T , w »—f/ ^wvwuwviji ,|uu>4 WWH1UB . —ft! the. winhef this month., SubioinM. aid ." ^swreshr:;:';.,*■; • '"*r^rT - '• ;: i :500 3ffr. Siamese ;'., 1* " ■ 23 itr. JSoiuird.'.15 ' ,'21' MvlalS^ '" 15 . 22 < jw. JUjbjdtoi'.i.'. If miMyer::; ... i6 ,Mr. £bye\pck,... 12 ' ^J':. 14 'Mb. WiMptibach 14 JSti Bicktord 9 Mr. iWoods '1 Th^^son,..; 7 \- \^73BAM Olfj THB SOUTH PARA-T-ThO GsmUt' Trnw i^mark^^ Let, he person.gpeat- >diiK -paxagtngly:- of^otir i South: ran Hirer.;; This • n|c^nuig:»-Veritable steamboat might hare been -' seen ploughing itsrjratersr ::Jtwas made and-is .-> the property •£ Mr., Marssoii, who soenis to have aathera:talentinthatd&eotion.;''j .;. -■■ r. ' CAihohc Wirws;—lie Rer. • leather Reynolds, Admimstxator of this diocese," has received , intelligence by telegram from' Shirobetothe 'effect that-the "fiey:' Fathers' ^ormvvMhwhih,-r and Henderson. hare /been' balled homb by: their respective Generals, by oider bf the Holy See.'"," ^ '.■ '' ' r.;~ The StbaJ«£R Omeo. —We hare Authority to"' statethat the,redeiisign Vrill be. hoisted it the |pwer of the General Post-Office as soon as the ariivalof the Omeo is known. ' . The Mowing Match at Gawibb.—We are -requested by our local correspondent to correct a slight Inaccuracy in. our report of this event, which took, place on", October 29.". It is thiere slated thatthere ,were seven competitors ; but this should be seven entriesjihe- oamcslmng those' tbien given; and it was Mellor Brothers, not Adamson Brothers, that competed. How ever, at starting, as neither Mr. Harris nor Mr. Wingate. competed, thenumber of aotual pOm -petitors was ,reduped' to Jure!lie first prize was awarded toMr, Mottle, who used a machine ; ipurchasedfrom Mr. Harris, of Gawler, by whom; itwasimport»d,Brighami Cd.Berwick, bang, the ! manufacturers. v The second prize, btoa b;;, Mr. CBft, wss"aisO;Woh.by aa-imporfcedmaohiiLe Of Bamlett's' make. Tn other respects the pre vious report-isoerreot. , Booyoojuje;*—It ra stated -that- the township now being'-Surveyed mtoenrighboimhoodof Booyooleeifl to be called Glrilstone,presumably as.a compliment totheBritish Premier. - -1 - MOONTA* AtniCTTtXOSAI./ ''HOBEtODOTURAL,' amd FlobK^tubal Society.—A meating .of this; Society was feldfin the Moonta Institute ; da Mtedayem»ihgrt2fc^^»r^4c®-^^4®ht,. rtotheeharr. The Secretary- read a statement nf -accounts, toovrihgfhe available assets to be: »■ hbbiit: :.^00i- The ' "prize-list waa; ^, andb LCapjtaih Warren' -was the inost successful bx faibrtbr. the ■amount received byhim'bring£lr 12s. 6&. _ .. . ; •" ,'vv ; : . I^CTPRR —In connection with the TTindmarsh Square Mutual Improvement Association on BSjday, Nov.ljthe Be v. F.W. Cox delivered,' 11VTf *rW1V *'« "« VVA UOUVQIOUl at the Town Hall Exchange Boom, his pre: " * • -- - ' «fThe viously-reported interesting: lecture on •Giant Cities of Bash&n.;" T^e attendance;was 'numerous, and Mi-. C. SmedleV presided.". Mr. Go* was warmly. received,', aha at the close of. Hie proceedings said he must apologize Tpr the , lecture notbamg hew, Jas he had gtyehitbefbre' ' in this, city, and ;Oniy repeated it new at the particular request of the young men composing the Association, who, he thought. should feel much encouraged.ahd gretified at the successful -rtihdt'pf their endeavours. " During, the evening' . Messrs. Whitmore, Fitch. Sciyrngbur, and others contributed recitations, &c.;, with good effect. r WaMCEHVILIiE WeSLEVAN SUNDAY-SCHOOL.— Tins institution celebrated, its anniversaryqn. Sunday and Monday, October 27 and. 23.- The tea was largely attended, and Mr. John Jefferson presided over a large^nblic meetihg. Addresses., were given by Bevs. T, XloydaadH." Rope, and Messrs. Joseph Lloyd, H. Wreford, S. Bakoyrell, C.W. Priest, F. W. Wp6d,and Iandsey Cooper {Secretary of the aphool), whose "report showed;; that about 110 soholers' attended^; The ringing: of, the childreh was very good, and it was gratifying to hear.the exoeilent way in which many of toescholiuBrope^edwhole chaptersof Scripfore,Catechism, &c.; The floral deoprationa were tasteful beyond thebrdinary, and received special commendation.. The fihaaqirirelsulfcwua qbbut*£12. The -Horth-Road We3lkyan SuifDAY Soptoot.—This school recently held anniversary services,':including sennons oh Suhday .'aaji'a tea on Monday.,, The public meeting was ad dressed by Messrs. Folland (Chainnan), "Wil BamijL Priest, Thompson, LeCornu, and Bev. T. ; Idbyd.. The scholars htunber about 60, and the ;<»ilejctipns ,reabhedsb°ut Xll". , The children "recited byjaaos, &o.;, on- Sunday afternoon, and ; sung thrirtelectrilhymhs exceedingly well, the building. bring crowded with parent? .and viritbrS.- :: ' Sckoot EzahInaxeon;—The annual exami-' . nationTof the schpdlat HaJmdorf, conducted,by Mr, T-W- Boehm, tookplace on Monday :and Tubsjdayi^ith and 29th October, andwas pon ducted - by . the teacher,, aidedby thb Beys. Mesas. -Teiohelmrm, Fiedler,. and Poole, aid Mr. F. Duffield,' J.P„ in the praaehceof about 70 parenteHwidftiends, who appeared to highly appreciate the: results; There was .observable h decided progress. In ' the; ordinary branches of reading, writing, spelling, and dictation, both in T8n|rfirih «nd: Carman, mnch intelligence waa -displayed,'many of the writing and exercise books .bring : really good. The drawing. And mapping exhibited fully educed any previously' displayed.Considerable facility: was shown in" arithmetic, bbth slate and mental. The pupils .were, examined to history, civil and ecclesiastic, geegrephy^ grammar, and geometry, aad, in addition to tiiese brdmary branches of educa^ tion, exhibited considerable acquaintance • Vrith astronomy, ^and worked,some problems , on the globes," celestial' and. terrestrial. The ifirst class passed supcessfully through a long {examination in Latin, and a small Prtnch ~ ola^ intelligently read and translated a passage from'the flftobook of Triemachus, one ofthem reciting the *' Fsrewell to France of Mary, Queen of Soots," by Berenger. Several pieces, English and Gernian, were effectively delivered.;; '.The music and ringing were, as usual, excellent. ' The afternoon of toe second day was spent in festivities on the village green, and the whole celebration woundup by a display of fireworka. The Bivers.—Our correspondent at Went worth ays:—" The river has begun to rise hero from the Murray, sp. we may expect to have the water up pretty high soon, and then the. water from the Darling will keep the lower river, navigable for greater part of the season. Several steamers arrived last week. to go up the Darling, asfar as this freshet willallow them, but if there is not more water at the back of the floods, already announced they must be sharp, or they will get left behind, as the Wentworto, Provi dence^ &o;„ have . been for some time past. Shearing is nearly completed at all the stations, and as a rule they have a very excellent clip' both as regards quantity and quality. .We have: had some hot days this . last "week 92° in .; the shade, but it is- . now pleasant. again with a cool S.W. blowing.'1 The following references appear In letters which have been received by a mercantile firm in the city:-^-" Bourke, October 23—There is likely to be a continued rise in the river." " Louth, October 28— From all accounts hiah Up we are bound to : have Iocs of water." "Netley, October 30—The river is rising very fast. " Wentworth, November 4—The news-by the mail is that the Darling is still rising, and likely to keep up for some time." Homeward Bound.—The master of the Eclipse reports having spoken the ships Pekina and Murray off Cape Borda on Monday even ing, November 4. The Stranding of the Yatala.—In con nection with the unfortunate stranding of the Yatala, a letter of condolence with Captain Legoe was sent to that gentleman some time since by the Bishop of Adelaide and a number of ladies and gentlemen. They have received a reply, thanking them for their expression of sympathy. St. Paul's Church.—On Sunday, November 3, Dean Russell resumed the pulpit at St. Paul's Church after an absence of five weeks, during which period he has attended the meet ings of the Anglican Synod in Sydney. We understand that the Dean is the only delegate from this colony who has yet returned. ATT.Eoim Pibact of English Telegrams.— The Launceston Examiner alleges the first act of this, kind in connection with the English telegrams to have taken place in Tasmania, and accuses the Hobnti Town Mercury of the theft. This is an early commencement for Tasmania, it , :er residi . hois&,"~J ° fell * but' cf. the Tehablej" kb-d the w^i^ihi»sauij ^bvl^faim, chest an ^rhkeJ^i^*.^-.., ^ ...., ...... ..... ...... '_. ^gcabmT;—Cta Wednesday ■ ,ft -< map named 55Vp^m: ^raaigan,, of . TotMl's;; Creek; Was iadmitted to the -Hospital, suffering' Irom a brbkenjaw.; . As, the injury prerentsthe man from spea3sing, particulars ofthe accident are: notyetknown. ; ..i Port i ^lKSTi5PO!rB.-f-Frbm 1 an advertisement; . elsewhere it WiU.beseen thatpdptainBnicehns. plaoedkisfiae vessel thaiSouth- Australian at ..thh disposal-.of the .'Ladies* Committeefor the. ^prirpo^B.pf.holdingia kazawh for .tire benefit of' sthe Port Adelaide institute. As' Monday next; .thi ; anniversary of ttte" birth of-:thePrinoe ;of. > Wales, ifl the day fixed for holding it.no doubt' -a large number of sympathirera vith tiia Insti tute .will take advantage of the public holiday tojbepresent,especially as the. aquatic sports wilt be seen to great advantage from the vessel's deck. . - » ., ;'•> The Tkleoraph ; Mr. C. Edlght, who-vfos one >6f the construction party atthe; : Northern Territory, intends giving a'display of fireworksonthejmghtof the l§th3natant.■.? ... ; iPtijWkii^Thtb' raihfsll ihonth,as regis tered at the Adelaide Ol»ervai^^^atnonnted to 2*038 "inches. Thegreatest fiullsilllkoiujs was recoi&ed; on thewhen 0*425in. foil.' " ' • ; "btezEassm VicrroAii-EBs' AsMvciaiiOK. — A special meetingof the Licensed Victuallers' iLsSociatiah toofc*place <on*fovember 6, ahdwps /.Wellattended. Thenew - rules were read -over and approved, and another meeting was balled for Thursday next, as shown by advertisement, . for the purpose re confirming {the' Code. A special vote of thanks was given te the Sec retary for his untiring efforts. ' <: MinntCTPAii 'EtKOTroNB.—A meeting ■payers m;Gi^WaM'Was!hhld on $ night at the- Prince of' Wales Hotelj Axigaa slreet,td consider the question of Mayoralty and' Ckranofllorehipef that wafrd. There wbreabput d>0 present, and 'Councillor Wright presided. The presentMayqr (Mr. A; -H.F.? Bartete) ei > plained ;that-' he1 intended' if retiirned tocariy out in the futurethe saute prfnciple of -furthering' -the bestintereste of -tie citizens which 'he had : adopted during thepaist year. Be referred to" the drainagequeetieh, saiying 'he sheuhi like tov; aee acomplete system of drainage earried out, ; but was oppesed-to any speoial fax being levied for: that - puipo8e : at present;1 Hementioried . that tie overdraft had been r6duced, and called attention to ' the', general' impro^ment of the city, morepwticulMly inoludmg thesquares'. A . preposition in favour Of Mr.BArfcels was carried unanimously. - Mr. Davidr Lith'gow :;and the 1 present Councillor, Mr. Madge, were proposed arid duly nominated. Mr.' Madge being called : upon explained that he had done his best for the interests-of the ward: he represented^ and re ferred to/the improvements1 which had been ' effected in it daring -the: past twelve months.: ; One or two J questions' having been pro-' pounded, and- answered satisfactorily, the 1 propositions were put to/the meeting, and that in favour of Vtr. Lithgow declared carried by * a slight majority. -The gathering, whichwas of a very orderiy character, terminated in the'usual I manner, ** ■ - ■ - * -1 LocOTl!S,r—Mr. E.M. HeWett, of Port Wake field, suggests the poisonhigof locusts bv some palatable mixture, which he presumes chemists might' prepare. It might, he - thinks, be ifonnkleaupon hay; which should bolfftewh in their wayjairilie. i^onimea&ie; early use; as '-'the' inseetsdnay. be more: readily destroyed Jfe^fOM they have*their7 wiQgs than afterwards. Be' also- suggesta_hhe>jo£6#r of a; Government reward of, sayy hatf-aterownr per. ? buBhel for ■ dead locusts* -A- correspondent, 'writing from Booborowie on 5th 'November, states there are millionaof smalllocusts between that place: and the Buna. : Locusts.—The WatkmoTimti says:—" Large swarms' of grasshoppers,- as yet "In ra Juvenile state, are to beoeen qn :many partsof the Penin sula. Mowing :for hay rS very general; cohse-' quently the plague will not' affectthat portion of our crops. : But they will -destroy a great deal of grass, &c.;" The Nabracoobte Crops. — The Mount .Gambler Standard states as follows:—"An erperienced colonist who has just returned from a tour through the Narracoorte farms reports . that he did not see a wheat held in that locality which did not give fair promise of thirty bushels per acre." The Adelaide Hunt Club,—A . meeting, very muperously attended, of the members of the Adelaide Hunt Club was hel&at; tho Globe Iflhon Wednesday evening, Besolved, that the. funds Of the Hunt Club and the Steepleohase be amalgamated. Besolved,. that a sum of £50 , be setapart for the purchase of a suitable testi monial, to be presented to Mr. H. & Downer, the Master, in recognition of his courteous de meanour in the hunting field, and his energy and success in promoting the interests and car rying out- the. objects, of. the Club throughout the past season;"and that a further sum of £20 be set apart ana appropriated to the purchase, of"a testimonial to.l&presented; to Mr. Bonnih,, the Hon. Secretary, in recogmtien. of his exertions in bringing the hunting season fo such, a successful issue. A resolution wasal^ passed by which the handsome, balance remainingon -hand will be vested' in the 'names of Messrs. Mann: Simms.And Bonnin, as trustees for the Club. ' : / ' : . - - ' -J . Vital StA^TEBTldS.—Thenumber ofbirthsand deaths; registered^ the District of Adelaide during the week ending Saturday, November %-'tvfofotrrBhjfhn-T; Males, 18; females. '15.. Deaths—MWas, Sjfemalee, 6. Totals-Births, -28; deatij^~lA- Excess of birth% 14 Executive Council.—His Excellency -the Governor heldan Executive Council On Wednes day,.at which all the Ministers were present; Beward of Bravest.— On the30£h October,. in : Executive Council,. His Excellency, the Governor presented %o PeterLambert . the bronze medal of the Boyal Humane Society,. conferred upon him for his courage in saving the life of Harry Hortsman at Port Adelaide on the IStbMawfc, 1872.- V 