COMMON SENSE versus LAW. Not satisfied with the slow progress legislation is making as the result of the combined wisdom of our legislators, some honorable members seem determined to put every obstaclejn the way even of the little that is being accomplished. Witirin a very short space of time we have had three serious and annoying interruptions to public business. The Boucaut Select Committee, which cost the country £300, did nothing, but bring to light an immense amount of personal animosity, and then left the matter pretty much where it found it. Then the_ time of the House was wasted recently in considering an absurd resolution on a question of Privi lege — the only point in the whole affair being as to the potency of the drinks which honorable members imbibed during the refreshment hour, and the net resul '? of the discussion was the declaration o the Hon. J. H. Babbow that the prin. cipal beverage was ' tea.' On Tuesday 'last we were treated to another ex hibition of obEtructiveness. . In this last case, however, though common sense could decide, and has decided the matter, complications may, and, we jloubt. not, will arise, because the legal interpretation jtnay, in this case, as it very frequently is, be opposed to common sense. Jt really seems that Acts of Parliament are. so worded as to be capable of the most varied interpretations, aid tend rather to encourage litigation than otherwise. Some will be wicked enough to say that the lawyers who draft these Acts of Parlia ment leave them vague on purpose, in order that their assistance may, be called in when two persons put a different inter pretation on the meaning of a simple word; others will say that the meaning of words is so arbitrary .that it is impos sible to frame a clause of an Act that people may not differ about to their heart's content;, and- to the advantage of the gentlemen of the long robe. Which ever be the truth, the country suffers, and the time and thought that ought to ? be devoted to useful legislation arewasled on personalities and quibbles of the most ridiculous and paltry nature. These re marks are suggested by the debate on Mr Boucatjt's motion on Tuesday last de claring the seat of the Treasurer vacant, because, as part proprietor of a newspaper in which Government advertisements are inserted and paid for, he tad entered. into a contract with the Government, and was. therefore disqualified from sitting in Par liament according to the terms of the Act provided in this case. Mr Waed and Mr Deretngton are in the same boat with the Treasurer, as they are interested in newspapers in which the Government publishes advertisements. So that upon the interpretation of the word ' contract' depends the issue, viz. — whether these three members have not forfeited their seats, and are liable to a fine of £500, and no less, at the suit in the Supreme Court of any impecunious individual who may choose to obtain a writ, w e cannot con gratulate Mr jsamsay upon the place he occupies in the matter. It is pretty plain that he is not acting on bis own clear judgment, but is firing bullets which others make. We should advise Mr Bamsat and Mr Cohneb, to retire from this un dignified position which prejudices them in the eyes of the country. Let those' who want the chestnuts burn their own fingers if they like, but it is a very foolish thicg to have the fingers tmrned while others get the nuts. The debate on Tuesday night took place after the opinion of the Crown Solicitor had been obtained. In this document, which is a curious illustration of how a great deal may be said and nothing meant, the opinion is fully given that uif' Messrs Barrow, W abb, and Dereingto:!* occupy the position stated -they have for feited their seats according to the Act. Mr Botjcattt, with very indelicate haste, rushes in at once with a resolution de* claring the seat of the Treasurer vacant, on the strength of the hypothetical, dictum of the Crown Solicitor. This was too serious an issue to be decided at once, and a Select Committee was pro posed. It was quickly seen that the good sense of the House is rapidly discovering that Select Committees are expensive and aseless. ' Common sense' 'at last pre vailed, and a resolution was carried de claring that the J±on. J. H. Jsaeeow had not forfeited his seat. If this were cer tainly the end of the matter we should feel better satisfied, but it may possibly only lead to 'confusion worse con founded.'' The Crown Solicitor interprets the word ' contract' so as to include the Treasurer and his fellow journalists. The majority of the members of the Assembly; say that the Act was never intended to be so applied, and the 'common sense' of the colony will, in this case at any rate, agree with the House. But, then, sup pose some impecunious person, coveting £500, brings the matter before the Supreme Court, a very serious complica tion may arise. Suppose the Supreme Court takes the side of the Crown Solicitor, then the Assembly will have to protect its rights and to stand by the honorable members who are brought within the clutches of the Supreme Court. Or, if the decision of the As sembly is upheld, then the Crown Soli citor must regard himself as being deli cately snubbed. Our opinion is that tfie question has not been raised on constitu tional grounds at all, but as the result of private pique, and the sooner these dis graceful tr nsactions cease the better for the Assembly and for the colony. 'We were glad to find that Barossa was fully represented at the debate on Tues day last. 'When Mr Lake was on his canvas he made ome most splendid pro mises, and more than hinted that- his return would be an incalculable benefit to the colony as a whole and the district of Barossa especially. All we can say is, that the bud of this benefit has scarcely shown itself yet. 'We assure the honor able member that the debates and division lists are carefully watched, and will be produced at some future day. The con trast between the attention to duty of our old and tried friend MrDurEiELD and Mr Lake is very marked. 'We hope Mr Lake; will take the hint thus kindly but honorably given. Verbwm sapienti sat. The Bachelob's Baid. — About fifty couples assembled in the Institute Hall, on Tuesday evening last, who passed5 the cheerful hours in great enjoyment, led by the effective music of the Coucordia Band. The supper was got up Very tastefully by Mr and Mrs Bradley, 6t the G-awler Arms Hotel. The decorations of the Hall were very well for bachelors, but the charming dresses of the Ijjdi'.: made the floor of the, Hall a fairy scene. The affair proved such an agreeable one and pleased the married ladies present so highly that we believe it is in contempla tion to return the bachelors politeness and gallantry by/a complimentary ball. The assembly drew to a close soon after 3 a.m. Eoot Eaces on the Pabk Lambs. — Several matches between amateur run- ' ners came off on the Park Lands on Monday evening last by ' lantern light.' Up wards of sixty persons were present, and some smart running took place be tween a gentleman called '.the Doctor' and another designated ' Typo.'L One hundred yards- was the distance. Betting was in favor of 'Typo,' but as soon as a start was effected it was observed the 'Typo' did not stand ' the ghost of a chance' with ' Doctor,' who landed a winner by a couple of yards. It is un derstood ' Typo' is going under training, k&d; intends; shortly trying conclusions, with the ' Doctor' in a 200 yards spin. The other events were well contested, but ** the pofc boiled over' in one case. No further comment is necessary. — Since the above was written we hear that several matches will take place on the Park Lands next Monday evening between well-known runners. The first eveat to take place at 7 p.m. Losjdok Missiosaet Societx. — -The services which, were postponed three weeks since will be held to-morro .v and en Monday evening. The Rev. J. P. Sunnerland will preach to-morrow morn ing and evening in the Congregational Church, and address the scholars and teachers of the various Sabbath schools in the afternoon in the 'Wesleyan Church A public meeting will be held in the Congregational Church on Monday even ing. A full statement will be given of the operations of the Society, also an account of an interesting visit lately paid by Missionaries and Native Teachers to the Island ol New Guinea, and of the slave tramc ia the Polynesian Islands. The pastor of the cburcu and his friends deserve a good meeting, as a reward for the perseverance they have shown in ob taining a visit from Mr Sunderland. 'Pat nATTivtf — A mnh *vf natt.lfl belonging to Mr E. M. Bagot passed through Gawler yesterday, and another lot of 170 belonging to Mr Pile, of Gawler, reached here last evening in good condition from the Darling. Gastoojss. — The JPorioniaii last week contained a good representation of the Hon. the Treasurer, being invested with an order of knighthood by the ladies who frequent the Gienelg Jetty, tts a reward for his exertions in getting a grant to re pair the jetty. The Wee7c's Doings had a very g-ood cartoon of Mr 3£benezer 'Ward, M.P., burning Acts of Parliament which he had introduced into the House of Assembly. Tobke's PenhtsijTiA.. — Telegrams in the Adelaide papers last evening state there was great rejoicing at Moonta and the other townships when it was known of the favorable reception, by the Chief Secretary, of the deputation from the Peninsula, and the support promised. by the Ministry to their claims, and the promise to do justice to Torke's Peninsula by allowing it tour representatives. There has been a very large increase of the population of the Peninsula since the census, and it is still steadily increasing. The Kalkabury and Tork Valley Areas will undoubtedly attract a very large number of settlers. It is probable that the number of Peninsula voters at present The 'Weather. — Fine rains have again fallen during the week in and about Gawler, and from the number of ploughs and harrows at work tor some d -stance around us the rain appears to have somewhat extended. The lands are in consequence in admirable condition for working. Barley sown a month ago near this, is springing up finely, and horticul tural sowings are beginning to show well. Notwithstanding the generally cloudy weather since our last, we had a slightly frosly night at the , beginning of the week. Off to the Roper. — A preliminary mee ing was held at the Lord Palmerstou Hotel, Kapunda, on Wednesday evening1, when a party was formed to proceed to the Northern Territory to search for gold. We are not at liberty to mention names, but we may say that the party consists of good men and true, who are not likely to come back without giving the thinir, a fair trial. They purpose starting about the end of this month, and will take pro visions, and of course all t'»e necessary etceteras, for three months.— Kapunda Herald. A Diamond Panic. — A curious diffi culty (says -the A-iistralasimi) has arisen at the Cape Colony diamond-fields. The diggers are getting too many diamonds, and are beginning to fear that their product wH soon be a drug in the market. Dealers have so many of the stones brought them that tl-ey are afraid to buy, and quite a panic is the result. One great source of the value and estimation of diamonds has been their rarity, and now they bid fair to be disgustingly plentiful. The value of the Crown jewels, possibly, is already considerably depreciated, and the Koh-i-noor, perhaps, represents a much smaller sum than it did a few months ago. In the Brazil diamond mines whenever a miner finds a 20-carat 6tone he is publicly crowned, but at the Cape not only are the finders of such stones left uncrowned, but the brokers a^e getting shy of buying their diamonds at all. Very probably the effect on the general market is very much exaggerated for local trade purposes. A similar panic arose about gold soon after the discovery of the Californian and Australian diggings, but it passed away. Gold still continues to be a saleable product, and when converted into coin is as convenient a medium of exchange, and asdesirable an acquisition as it ever was. A .Newspaper philosopher says the three most difficult words to pronounce consecutively are 'I was mistaken.' The philosopher is himself mistaken. The most difficult are ' I deliberately lied.' Thase are not only more difficult than the others, but are more frequently true. Sensational Scene on the Bamarat Racecourse. — A writer - in a sporting journal in Victoria isays:: — *';Just after Polka had made an example of Jack Tar* Brownloek, and Lucy, in the Selling Hurdle Eace, the wife of a * well- known professional gentleman' was observed in a carriage- making the best of her way to that portion of the course set aside for private vehicles, in one of which was the partner of her joys in company with a rather loudly dressed but somewhat pre possessing young person, whose presence was evidently regarded as qn innovation upon the rights of married' women, by the new arrival -y for directly she espied the fair creature, who had usurped her place, she pounced upon her, tore her bonnet into ribbons, and materially altered the shape of her magnificent chignon. Fancying, no dorlbt, that discretion was the better part of valour, the cause of all this disturbs i~e, beat a hasty retreat towards Ba!!rjr~,fc,. 'iis better-half following in hot pursv.it ; but I'm not quite clear that she overtook i'ie truant, for I hear that he was men driving townwards at a speed that could not be equalled; by the horses of the injured wife, snatches of ' Im a married man myself,' and * Tf ever I cease to love,* being wafted on the wind as he whisked towards Ballarat at railway speed. The last I saw of the affair was a celebrated amateur steeplechase rider carefully gathering some of the fragments, in shape of ribbons and hair, the whole of wLich he intended keeping as a memento of the scene that for the time created so mush excitement amongst those who wit nessed ic.' Slip 'twtxt Cup and Lip. — The Mel bourne Australasian of May 4 gives the following ** Talk on 'Change' :— '*? By the way, why does not the Tasmanian Government place a protective duty on bachelors? The native article has no chance. Ever and anon some bold Victorian reiver carries off a Tasmanian without let or hindrance, and what is worse, without any contribution to the -local revenue. 'Within the last few days a young gentleman from Melbourne made a matrimonial proposal at about ten in the morning, and the ceremony was per formed before four that afternoon. Here was practical ? business promptitude. There was some occasion for hurry, as the lady was engaged to another of our nation, who was on the eve of crossing the street to marry her. So the young people first made matters irrevocable, and then, it is said, sent a telegram to the jilted one — 'Married somebody else. You needn't come. Collect/ If these were not the words of the message, they are not very unlike them. To show that there was no animosity, the successful wooer assisted with excellent appetite in disposing of the bridal cake which was to have graced the wedding feast of the man he had sup planted.' Confessions of a Councillor. — Per. haps the following confessions of a Town Councillor, taken from the Grepnouth Star, may be interesting to some retired Councillor in this locality : — ' Some three years ago I was a happy man, I kept a general shop, and the general shop com t* __i ? 1_1 ? 1_ _ __ «. „._ _ ill l_ ? T ?_ — J ? .-J- ? i-ircaDiy Kepi me. w uen x naa put up my shutters for the night I revelled in domestic happiness of 'home, sweet home.' My wifj was happy and content, and no iiinl' t :. as dreams of greatness disturbed my ierenity. I sold my pots and pans in j 2ace and profit, was happy in my little -'ay, and found existence sweet, until o-l6 fatal day a requisition was sent m. to become a candidate for the Council. I felt flattered. I consulted my wife. She urged me to stand as it was all I wanted to give me a status. The title of *Mr Councillor' was an in troduction to any society, and who knew but what I might become a Mayor and herself a Mayoress. I was to think of that. Besides I had talent. Look how I had spoken at tea fights — 'almost as good as a Minister. I consented and was returned. JFrom that moment my history commenced. One clique of Councillors made a tool of me, and another a butt of me. The Town Clerk pulled me like a puppet and the Press made public my ignorance, which I might havd kept con cealed had I not by blind infatuation emerged from that obscurity which so well became me. The Munici pal Act to me was a wilderness of words in which I became bewildered and lost, and the way I constructed , the clauses provoked the jeers and jibes of my opponents. I was not slow in re senting. I would have been sarcastic had I the wit, but having it not, I showed my t Tjper, and any man possessing one of ordinary warmth won't be lonj; in a . orough Council without his little points cropping out. I got personal in my remarks. The retorts I evoked generally soothed me, and in place of getting the honor and respect I anticipated I got nothing but contumely and derision. My wite was harder on me than my opponents. What was I thinking about to let men like those ridicule me ? I had even grown smaller in her eyes, I must redeem myself at any cost. Determined thus, next night I went to the Council. There was a debate about cutting a gutter. Councillor Jones said I wanted to improve my property at the expense of the Cor poration. I replied that Jones's great grandmother was not lawfully married. He retorted that he never was shop boy and robbed his employer's till of halfa crown. He moved that the words of the mendacious miscreant be taken down. I shook my fist in his face. The Council broke up, Pwas stuck for damages and costs in both actions — for slander and assault. My customers deserted me. My wife upbraided me. The public derided me, and the Bank squashed me. My unchristian resignation followed, and the- sands of my (public life) are run out,' 'Wild Cattle — Large quantities of cattle (the Pastoral 15me& says).- are running wild in the unsettled areas lying between Cooper's Creek and the Gulf of. Carpentaria.. Indeed, throughout Nor thern Queensland the country is partially - stocked with these animals, some of which have escaped from- the outlying^ stations, while others have been dropped by overlanders. At times the blacks, in these excursions in overlanding, have shown themselves troublesome; and the trips now, from the Flinders and the Gulf country, are attended with considerable danger-. The blacks hang on the trail of the overlanders, who are. obliged to keep, a close and keen watch at night. We. heard lately of one overland party, in a journey froni ;he Gulf to Adelaide, having been destroyed by the blacks, conse quently the cattle escaped, and are: becoming wild. Some of the lost cows oa these journeys have dropped bull calves,. ? hence there are all the elements of very ^ large quantities of wild cattle accumula ting in the far off* country referred to; Attempts haye been, made recently, by smart horsemen, in the shape of gangs of stockmen,.unemployed inregular pursuits,, to secure some of these wild animals ;: but,. though in many instances the speculation has turned out well, in others several of the horsemen have fallen victims to fever, and the gangs- have been broken up in consequence. 