MALONEY'S RE-VISITED. By an Old Lounger. Oh ! whence this swelling in the throat ? It cannot be catarrh, I've not caught cold ; besides, I note A softer feeling far — A esutle fieavintr of the heart. As when one, trembling, traces, In some old faded bill or carte, Old signatures or faces. " Two sherries !" Ah ! I know the sound — ' One brandy !" — all is plain — Again the rolling years go round, But backwards, like a train, When 1' the night some driver drunk His engine's track reverses, And agitates a general funk Of broken bones and hearses. So memory thro' the foggy past Goes plunging till she stops, Where those young fellows, now so fast, Were sucking lollipops ; WTlieu you and 1, in auld Lang Syne, Old half- forgotten cronies, Were wont to laugh, and lunch, and dine, And liquor at Maloney's. Oh ! fill the polished half-pint up, I drain it to you all, Old friends, with whom T used to sup, Big, little, short and tall. There B — t — n oft would musing sit, And at that very table, Gay D — 11— y pour his wine and wit — As long as he was able. And there — but why call shadows back To till each vacant chair ? As well might Falstaff call for sack, As we the men that were. Some flit like ghosts thro' King street's shade, Some haunt the Murrumbidgee, And some at Haslem's Creek are laid, And some have " lays" at Fiji. The men are gone ; the place remains ; No m rble shews a crack, Only the old familiar stains, The sofas just as black ; The very flies I recognise, None elsewhere half so frisky, As if they lived on honey-pies, And eau-de-vie or whisky. The men are gone ! well, no, not quite. Perhaps the beer was strong, Or 1, perchance, had dimmed my sight, With looking back too long. I see them now, old boys whose snows Of youth have not bereft them ; They're bovs still, pi tying dominoes — Exactly as I left them. Old CafS, still while rafters stand, Or Time or fire shall spare, Serve out to us with either hand, Thy soup and -petit verre ; Still on thy sofas may we doze, Amid the humming chatter, And the music of the dominoes, While thou and thine grow fatter. Or if an end must come to thee, As cometh end to all, Then o'er thy ruins let there be A column straight and tall — A column tall in black and white, Of dominoes a trophy, And on the top a " patent light" — Match-box and cup of coffee. a 