LAW. METROPOLITAN DISTRICT COURT. Thursday. BEFORE Mr. District Court Judge DOWLING. BURNS V. KIELY. Alexander Burns sued Martin Kiely for £19 4s. 5d for goods sold and delivered. The transaction out of which the notion arose was the sale of some timber. Defendant pleaded that he had not received credit for £18 paid by him on account of this timber to plaintiff. Verdict for plaintiff, in the amount claimed Mr. W. H Pigott for the plaintiff, and Mr Joseph Leary for the defendant. MITCHELL V. WILLIAMS. Plaintiff, William Henry Mitchell, sued a person named Williams for £6 7s 6d, for work and materials. Verdict for the plaintiff. RIORDAN V. SULLIVAN. Cornelius Riordan sued Matthew Sullivan and wife for £10, for slander. In this curious case, the "slander" alleged on the plaint that the wife of Sullivan had told some woman named Levy that a house belonging to Riordan (which Riordan was about to let to Mrs. Levy) was "haunted," for that within a space of three years two persons had died in that house suddenly, and one other tenant had hung himself. Being "nervous," and " believing in ghosts sometimes," Mrs Levy declined to become a tenant of the house, though she was at first well pleased with it. The unfortunate history of the house thus imputed to it was by Mr. Riordan indignantly denied. The action was come upon us is brought for the loss of a tenant to the house, which stood vacant for some weeks. The Court held that their was no ground of action, and nonsuited the plaintiff. Mr. Gannon appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. S. C Brown for defendant. POTTS AND ANOTHER V. BLAIR. This action was action brought by Cornelius Potts and John Paul against Archibald W. Blair for £7 5s 6d , money paid. The transaction which gave rise to the action was a question as to a share in the liability for a share in a vessel purchased by the parties to this case. Mr. S. C. Brown moved for a nonsuit on the ground that Blair was a separate owner, and not a joint partner with Potts and Paul. There was no agency in Potts to bind Blair, and Blair was not bound by Potts acting for self and Paul. The advocate for the plaintiffs relied on the facts set out in another action already tried in the matter of this case, and argued that the Court could not go outside of the judgment given. The plaintiffs were nonsuited. Mr. R. Driver for plaintiffs and Mr. S. C. Brown for defendant. MYERS V. COWLISHAW AND ANOTHER This was an action wherein Charles Myers sued Thomas Cowlishaw and M. C. Cowlishaw for £10 for breach of agreement. The action arose out of the sale of eleven barrels of pickled salmon bought by Myers. The case for the plaintiff was that he had bought the barrels of fish by sample, and that the ten casks not looked at were very bad. the defendants' case was that the fish were 'not in good condition" and all sold in bulk. The plaintiff paid for the fish at the time of the sale, and called a few days afterwards, when he asked Mr. Cowlishaw to take back the fish, as it was all bad. This defendants refused. It was contended for the defence that the plaintiff had bought the fish with the full understanding that the fish was unsound. Verdict for the defendant Mr. S. C. Brown for the plaintiff, and Mr. Dean for the defendants. ALEXANDER V. ZI0NS. This was an action brought by Lewis Alexander against Henry Zions, for " work and materials, and for money paid." Plaintiff sued for £8. The claim arose for expenses in canvassing Central Cumberland in the interest of Mr. Henry Zions, lately a candidate for the representation of the above-named electorate. The plaintiff said he was employed driving about the electorate, distributing Mr. Zions's electioneering addresses, and putting up posters suggesting to the electors the propriety of returning Mr. Zions to Parliament. For the defence, it was urged at the commencement of the case that the money was not recoverable in consequence of the provisions of the Bribery Act, and that the plaintiff must be non-suited, The advocate for the plaintiff insisted that the claim was one that was outside the provisions of that Act, that the labours of Mr. Alexander at Irish Town had been unwearied and incessant in the cause of Mr. Zions ; that Mr. Alexander had spoken eloquently in Mr. Zions' behalf, and that he had succeeded in obtaining for Mr. Zions a very large number of votes. Mr. Alexander gave the Court a very graphic description of his services-one which created great amusement. Mr. Alexander deposed that he had given similar assistance to many other aspirants to legislative honours (successful and unsuccessful), but had never been obliged to see for what he had so earned before. The line of defence adopted was that Alexander had never made any specific arrangement with Zions to be paid at all. Yet it was shown that Zions had tendered £2 by way of payment for Mr. Alexander's services, rather than come into Court. Mr. Zions point blank denied Mr. Alexander's evidence. His candidature for Central Cumberland had already cost him £300, and would cost him £300 more if he were to pay such claims as this. He had never said to Mr. Alexander that he would pay his bills when they were sent in. He did not think that Mr. Alexander acted solely in his behalf. In other persons (named Taylor and Stephens) denied that Mr. Zions had ever agreed to pay Mr. Alexander as alleged. Verdict for the defendant. Mr. R. Driver for plaintiff, and Mr. S. C. Brown for the defendant. 