SPORTING; $0 f .pjjt Br " PiAJTBor.1, fe. _ . i There is big talk amongst the breeders ot thoroughbreds as to the Y.R.G. sStretf rProduoe Stakee. rSotne blame; Mr. Bagot Xor ndt Bending themjDotice, and ofcherp blame thS'Prees for sot re minding tjtiem that theod of MnV was pay day. Ewbody we the owners themselresf Dr.lBathe being the J only one among them wide awake. Of oouree the 1 | : circumstances are to be regretted) and that such . a yaiuable and interesting race shpuld result in a i walk-over, although that may not be the case, ae j the doctor has five, young, Sfcockhams entered) 1 and they may be sqld to . different parties. The 1 proprietor of the. Grange, however, bra thus got a j great Stockham Produce Stakes on his op .ac j 'count, at little expense, which ought to place con siderable value on his yearlings. ; There' is some talk amongst breeders about trying to induce -him to fdrego his piece of fortune, and re-open the stakes. "I would do it," says one, and "every true sportsman would do it," says another. "I I wish 1 had such chance to show my magna nimity," say s a third, and so on. But the worthy, ij doctor no doubt considers a bird in the hand worth two in the bush, and might ask in return, " If I had neglocted to enter my youngsters, would j you have allowed them to come in - after- | wards?" No doubt they all would, cumgrano j salis. I have heard several breeders threaten ; to J dishonour their little acceptances at maturity. I j wonder if the secretary of the Y.R.O. is the j drawer j if ,so, Dr. . Bathe might sue him for the j amount. Bather an, awkard fix for Mr; Bagot I to be placed in. Seriously speaking, however, j I think Mr. Bagot was to blame in .not: ad vising j owners by advertisement or circular; He has j always done so with regard to other races. Why I not as to this ? r J It will be seen in the advertising columns of The Weekly Times that Mr. W. O. Yuille has The j Marquis for sale, also that his subscription list for next season is full. This fashtonably-bred sire is such a favourite with the public, as is | clearly shown by the rapid manner in which subscriptions have been sent in, that he ought to be a first rate speculation for any horse- brea£pr. I believe his owner does not! pufc«JVery high reserve on him, and there is little doubt that half the purchase-money could be got back in six months. ; It is to be hoped that some! enterprising Yictorian will secure such a great performer as this highly-bred son of Stockwell was I I m his day, for it would be a thousand pities if the colony : were to lose the many fine strains of blood J running through his "veins. Last week a letter was copied out. of the Town and Country Journal in«o The Weekly Times horn. the well-known jockey Charles Stanley in, answer J to " Orange Blossom's" very uncalled-for remarks as to his riding The Prophet in the Randwick I Leger. In last week's Australasian, "Augur," alias " Orange Blossom," replies in his usual nasty way, finishing up his remarks with—" l am sorry, however, that Mr. Charles Stanley should have I taken my remarks so much to heart, because I I know that during his career he has always en- J deavoured faithfully to carry out his employers' I instructions, his' riding of Florence and Irish Ring I j in the V.R.C. Derbies, 1 to wit." I always I J thought that the Australasian said that Stanley I deserved great credit for the manner in which he- I rode Florence. It is a comfort, however, for j Stanley to know that a much higher authority than the Australasian thinks .so, viz., Admiral Rous ; and I have all along considered that Stanley's conduct in the race referred to shone brilliantly beside that of the parties who wished to milk the public by inducing Mr. Tait to try j and win with his worst liorse — a system approved j of by no true sportsman, and one yrhich the Jockey Club of England will . shortly be called j I l i_n , ow . ®pley may rest assured, that j he has the sympathy or the j>ublic in general as I to his conduct on that "qccasion. Why did not' I i -L raDe B loss obi" do as he usually does? Apologise I J like a man,, and say jthat hconly wished to show some I : excuse for givinaobadA tip for the St. Leger. m " P-y good woman, where one | Tarn J ohnstone lives ?" « Ou, aye, but I'm hinking you are just- Tarn JohnBtone yoursel'," was the colloquy, between a tipsy man and au old" woman, the former .wishing to find out his home, and not wanting to let the iatter know who he was. " Hamlet's Ghost" has let the cat out of the bag at last, and the factotum iB not the Ghost j but the Ghost is Tarn Johnstone himself. Ihe letter, is one -pf the tricks of the trade, and evidently, manufactured to make nut a naA»i«ri>in&f;: PeepingTom, \\.but. unfortunately it contains eo i many palpabk misstatements and false deductions that it is worfchleB. Forinstauce, if the "Ghost" had been ao often pufc m the hole, as he says; before ! Randwick, why did he think so much of the -tip and back Javelin -He -says Flying Buck suffered from attacks of chrome rheumatism, when I know he had nevOT anything ©aheaort the matter with mm. i-ne Ghost ' does not.believe that Mr. Dow- ling said Hamlet was a, stone better horse than ever he was in his life. Both his owner and breeder told me so, at all events, and I suppose theymay>ve done so to « Peeping Tom.V ; I vour nwri fl J<>u ought to have follpwed out W'S .«n t' V"1" "WWWWiMin,-, wl.fi S Mer &w; ' thftfc he iuows Who f w.This, in all likelihood, will .Pf O f-dempd, but if : , Tan, Johnstnne A 1 ssa" JS. in horseflesh, both h and hi Rlannbe egotistloal. There are over forty I dids''4?! saws, , pr Ismds, . in his last; letter about the ! RichmjOnd stud. «)I Qotioe my .pwu - cogumen eought ip by a|(oft'Un his last ,-leMer, but', mo wepfewn of the fact that, whatever: " Peaoin,, ! 'Jbjhoy," at aU Hwnteliwoqa. bwt. Java. | k t e T'« »l10 b>o<r W waar ibo iMwo R<?9w«t iafcteow oan.Mail, "JS""" Wi ww Aigbtwiad by lha gloomy aapeot Of the weather loa the eveumg previous to the Beudigo Autmhn Meeting last Saturday, and do. clmed risking the repetition of the drenching ttwy I reoeiyed at Quartropolis in the spring, missed a in du?fc' ,ooe pa8fc Mount Mftc«on, we were erent: oountry, and the weather, which Mtlbou 27 twtfning appearance when we left HantirfotS) iWUP,al1? lhe BUO «hoa® >'»- there is onlg em,ng tho hearU of mauy. If carriage, eepeoialU? ? h«o prorided I inadequate to convey All the intending visitors to ;Bendigo with comfort, and a rfew extra carriages jwould- have been highiy appreciated, and hurt no ! fone ; however, I suppose the authorities are unoo guid, and never gave the races a thought. But :as. all ; along the line fresh relays oof passengers were taken aboard, the crushing was anything hut pleasant, and such a thing ae a nap was out of the question, which was rather hard on those who had been doing the ball the previous night, j However, what could not be tielped hhd to bo en- i duredj'aud, with a few remarks anything but com plimentary to the powers that be, we had to resign ourselves to our fate. There is an end to all things, and the journey up was over at last, and I don't think I was ever so glad to see hot, dusty, dirty Bendigo. which is showing many signs of the revival in its fortunes. This Shamrock: was crowded with busy bees, horsey men, and specula tors ofall sorts, when, as hungry as hawks, my fellow:passengers and self made our way to the . breakfast-room and as the. keen air had proved a ! wonderful -appetiser, there was a terrible onslaught on steaks) chops,. and eggs. There was nothing new to be learned amongst the busy bees . out- . side. Speculation was much the name sb in Mel bourne.:: There was plenty to be done, but every-: body wanted the same thing. Brownie and The Monk,j Brownie and Royston, Polka , and. Monk, Polka and .Royston. All sang the same time; I although a few, who had lively recollections' of " Jellett to the rescue," thought it well , to take Fair Nell for the Hurdle Race as a saver, especi ally after the pen had been put through the name of Hotspur, which was a sufficient guide as to in- I tentions. It was soon time to make a start to the j course, and joining the: small flock of my brother birds, we were soon seated iu an Albert car, I driving merrily along the road to Epsom, enveloped in clouds of real Bendigo duet, I which gave quite a different hue to J the hirsute appendages worn by my fellow- voyageurs, and, although I could not see, I suppose to my own. The first thing that occurs J to the visitor to Bendigo is the great I room for improvement visible in all the arrange- j ments ; but as we are promised next year that a new stand is to be erected on the opposite side of j the course, with all latest improvements and appliances, I will pass over the "many short- i comings in silence, merely expressing a hope that | when the contemplated improvements are carried j out, due regard will be had for the comforts of the Press, for hitherto the accommodation for this hard- worked class at Bendigo has been of the poorest description, so the club must not grumble if all I the reports did not throw sufficient rose-colouring | over the:meeting, for nothing puts a reporter so ( much about as want of room. Theseiittle matters, J however, are personal, and have no interest for j the general public; but there is -another matter j which it would be as well to; call the attention of | the club to. When they are altering their scand, j they might also alter their way of running, for it 1 is very awkward for horses, especially young ones, to have -to race the opposite way to what they do in Melbourne and moat other courses,; and it I would be jusfc as well to have all those in Victoria alike ; but as Mr. Bagot has taken the' matter in: hand, or rather has been consulted as to what shall be done, it may be safely taken for granted that all will be as perfect as possible. The attendance on thegroand was unusually large for Bendigo, the stand and enclosures being especially crowded, so fiiiieh; ao: that the steps up the stand were f thronged, whilst nearly a third of those present, j although they paid 10s. for admission, had to be I cqnteated with viewing the running from; the hill in the saddhng-paddock ; but from thence they | eould see little or nothing of the horses .from: I entering the straight till reaching! ithe . winning j post. -Taking the meeting as a whole, however, J it . may be reckoned as the most sucoeasful ever . 1 held under the auspioes of the B J.G; The 1 weather was pleasant; although a trifle cold as the afternoon wore on. The. attendance was good, and 1 the. racing excellent, and' what more could the most nwwuaiuB require r an secure tbese three j grand desiderata, one could put up with I more uncomfortable things than a crowded etand j or r want of writing acoommodabion. As I said. I when reviewing the handicaps at the meeting, the j weights on those that started for the- Hurdle I - Race turned; out to be very equally balanced, and r we were treated to. one of the r beet, hurdle races pof the year, it being impossible to tell when they vyere half way up the distance what was goiog to | win) but Fair Nell had au extra-run in her, at the finish; and beat Roger by three-quarters of a lougi.u. xae imper nas greaciy improved. Smce he nfiTst came out at Geelong, when I remarked that, j he was worth keeping- an eye on. ' He is, how I ' ever, rather small for the hurdle-racing business, , l and can never be expected to do mnch with J oyer on his back ; but it is a wonder some of l our . .metropolitan sportsmen did not ; buy j him, .for he. was offered, for - sale; at the j price of a good hack. Xh« favourite Brownie J ran . a j good horse enough's -and if the distance had been half a; mile farther he might just , have won. Polka ought to I have beaten Fair Nell, at a difference of nearly :2st,but what chance 'she had ..was- spoiled by | inaking-so mueh of the running, aa she led from the start till within 100 yards: of the posh Her performance, however, was sufficiently good to , -enow that- wi|b pother year or two,- when she ' fills outs and -developes more muBcle 5 over the loins, ehe will be a daugeroiia customer ; but she gallops in very bad style,, which is a great pity, as i lais is ajauic wniou it is almost always too late j to mend. Poor Sir Charles, when running in ja very dangerous position, unfortunately fell, and somehow managed to stake himself severely inside I tho thigh, one of the smaller arteries being severed. J Ho was, however, immediately placed under the J oare of Mr. Ross, the Sandhurst vet., jand when im% seen gave hopes of soon being all right again. | Je was very fit, and his friends are very confident that he would have been near about winning. i wvujiii A'ttir Aieii s victory upset toe quadruple pot op, Brownie and Polka, with The Monk and yet she hardly served the ring suoh a fife. MoU. .ad th., would h..« hew. ! ihufthbatfor pleased to have seen the first end the aecoudihan pbsoes. ; I should thinkthat it was Wie the gama liUte NeU retired to the etMd,i Ss he; one,h»f eUauefuf worjd, apd hav owner tw oftftH expressed b is wfihq guess to give her to euy breeder in ex change for a likely colt This ousht surelf to suit ome one, for there oaa be little doubt, if hie pro- doce#ke, that FairlfeU will make sagreat a stud ?> 8 pr0fed hereel? a hurdle- MgS ; uit® 6UPPitcd The K jntb -M. for the Steeplechase, m he should have done long 'anffn'.wi1 . performance, - when he Th7.Monk.imd | who was not at all himself, owing to bis accident i prior to Ballarat, was reserved < for the Selling Steeplechase, Helen and Brownie also crying ago, which reduced the field to one over the half- i dozen. The horses had to make the circuit of the course three times to do the distance, and for the first round they were constantly changing places, the pace being very slow ; but the second time of asking Western west to the front and led them a little faster, no mistakes having yet occurred, "and all jumping well. The third time round, however, told another tale. At the turn past the stand, where the log wall is, M'Phail lost command over Royston and the horse having nothing to guide him, ran straight into the bosh. Mr Orr, on The Monk, determined to make the most of the accident and gain as long a start of hiB dangerous opponent as possible, and went off after Western at such a dipping pace that Mr Blair, on Clunie, gave up the chase at once, The Monk leaving his horse as if he were standing. Directly Western was collared, he baulked, and as the second time of asking he fell, there were only The Monk, 'Royston, Surprise, and Dutch- J men in the chase — the latter two completely out paced, but going honestly. When RoyBton did get back on the course, he made up his lost ground at such a terrific rate that the result was inevitable — he came down an" awful purler two fences from home and broke his leg, which left The Monk at liberty to canter in an easy winner j in front of Surprise and Dutchman. Mr Brown's previous disappointment with Polka, who ran in in the Hurdle Race in his interest, was as no thing compared to this, and everybody must sympathise with him in the loss of Royston, whose career has been a m©Bt chequered one. He first tried his hand at flat-racing, but at this he was but a very moderate leather-flapper. He next took to hurdle-racing, which suited him much better, and pulled off a good stake or two for' Mr. Brown, but it was not till the last Gee- t long Meeting that his true forte was discovered— I that of steeplechasieg ; but in this line he was I mere unfortunate than ever, as in his first nhasfl I he and Darkie ran away from the rest of the field at such a pace that half a mile from home both J came down terrible croppers, Darkie losing his life, and Royston getting off scot free ; but the very next time that he essayed the big jumps, at Bendigo, he met a similar fate to the gallant Darkie, so that in the space of two short months two of the best and fastest steeplechasers that I ever drew breath are lost to the colony. As Paddy says, " Let them R.I.P." After this race, it is more than probable that The Monk will take first position amongst our steeplechasers, unless indeed Narcisse comes out again at Mel- j bourne, which is more than deubtfhl. However, as fast as one good hone disappears from the I arena' another springs up in his place ; and, doubtless, among the many maidens who will I I make their debut at Melbourne, a Ballarat, j Banker, Dutchman, Reindeer, Narcisse, Darkie, I or a Royston will be found, for we cannot have I a South Australian horse beating us at our own I favourite lino of business. The Corinthian Race I was an easy win for Mr. Wakely on Native, j although the favourite, Bella, stuck pretty close to him all the way. The three-year-old Amazon, although thought good enough, to be sent to Melbourne to be trained, cot op a wretched duffer, and;' a more befitting" metier than racing could easily be found, for hei- Old' Western started for the Selling Hurdle Race, and at the weights should have easily : won it, but too much had been taken out ot him in the Steeplechase, and after a mile and a half he was not persevered with. The local mare Helen turned out the victor, making her own ; running from the start, but those behind her were a vety moderate lot) with perhaps the exception of Gaffer Grey, who may improve, i In. the iSelling Steeple- chase The Foel showed ; that he had beenvr aptly named, bungling at his fences repeatedly. Babbler could get no steam up, hut qfter his accident it was really wonderful jje saw the post at all. Lady Don,, -however, a new candidate for . i am dUu? hOnonra. RtotwAd capabilities of a very high class, as she made the running from the start, and it was only tjhe extra finish of Morns Griffin- on BlmAthorn i tjhat caused Mr. GletiisterV home:. to beat her . kdyship on the post, atid she was cheap as dirt ajt the £40 Mr, Glenister. gaveo?. her after, the Bookmakers' diorseg) qit )is «aid, £mver rim; j to win— at least, when theyre public favourites ; i; nevertheless, Kate Dalrymple, ontered fco be sold? J for £10, was backed by Dick).Tom,and 'Arryfor \ ell the money they; amid get and lhe mare won, i boqghfe by Bdfr. iGleggf for, £48,, Xmly Wonderful, is it hot, when there was such a fine (foening for a swindle, bat thneeaorfc «f thing ; will, happen in the. '.best regulated families. The drive ba<hi to Sandhurst was exceedingly dusty, but the day's sport was; over, in time enough for those who wished to iuxuriatoJ&o; soap, and water before dinner,, for 'as to : ehsfldng , Sandhurst dust off that is impossible. Although i jnany pf the Melbourne visitors preferredgrenmin- fog in Sandhurst overnights-yet the rafo was', as', crowded as fo the. iaorniug,. which the . homeward journey anything, butrnleasant i for : ;with tea fo a eomp«tmentialtopl<lg ia impossible. undone hardly cares for yarning .underthe, cir- j cumstanoes of dofog the dpuble journey and.raxses toe same day, especially when therp has been a J fonoy ballthe night before. f < .. . -.r J ; The Melbourne Hunt Club have at last given; eigns of tow being.- The annual meeting w&s; j held on Tuesday last, at Mr. Bagot's offices, when Mr. George Watsonrwas ohopeuMaster; MrH/j Power, treasurer -Mr. G Bright, secretary ; and J Messrs. W. M. BU) H. PylaTk Pfore I Donaldson, J. R. .Cowell, and J. Madden, com- j mittee. The statement of receipts and expendi- j tore was very enoonraging, showing, as it did. that I the club had a balance of :£I8d' 10s. 3d. . to ite I credit, which is likely to be still farther iocreased | by the profits accruing from the approaching 1 Steeplechase Meeting on the Queen's Birthday, ! the day after which the club wii open toe season I with a hnnt. I » . Tbs Ooorong, on Tuesday last, took over the mrt instalment of our representatives at the Adelaide Meeting, which cornea off on the Queen' I Birthday. Saladin, the hero of the three heats j for fhe Australian Cup, and first favourite for the J Adelaide trophy, evinced a decided d»incliuation to leave his native shores, but at last was safely housed without doing himself any injury. Mr I Jkmee Wilson was also a passenger, aud had with him Miss Jessie, Flying Scud, and Fooahontas, | the last being a South Australian filly by Ace of j Clubs, whioh was sent over to him some time back | to to trained for her Adelaide engagements. In addition to these, Glencoe, The Baron, Lapdog, 1 tohman, and Contessa are all engaged V but 1 believe that, altoovh j frjqg toduoemente were held, out to his new j A souttorly wind aot a Whether fchUm f mrain Whether <; the wHter pf the »v ;V ,f more knowledge of poetry th , of venerfo matters but, little i\, V ''' ' hunting, season,; and the foilowersV " 'Vwf even as l write, are preparing for th« r putty powder hae beea invested in amount, horses have received tkeirSf0' opener, the twpfseasons old pfok w IH carefolj.y brpshed. and ail are eagerlvf for the; morn to break, and th© Fleaaington kennels this afternoon Tw® will be a most enlivening one. and M|e. will P|®the A deer will be uncarted for the oecaaW%1' lanes m me neighbourhood of the plentiful as blackberries, those who aw n J M of stern enough stuff to lace the four-ranit see plenty of the fan by following in There is little ato extract of interest the Town and Copntry this week. a toy - to v?n4e Javelin out a home w but as the onlym he adduces for his opinion is, thi is the better-shaped colt of the two h« just as well have left toe matter aloie. X® don t count when horse, have got the going. However, it is weU known "Pe»oSii not partial to the breed of Hamlet, an! six years ago I shared the same preiudice iS not do to be too hard on him, even altovS have had convincing proof since that thtlxLi1 man tribe i. » good, it not b/fe any other on a racecourse. The portant item, however, in the paper h ®1 announcement made in " Turf Mr. Town is going to give up racing i&hSilSP; if he can find purchasers for his horses in training. There are many good OQea" the Rjchmond string, which should pravtWSjr able investments to iip-country sportsmea orT dian buyers, and one or two cauable honours iu any company. The loss of UimSI to'he Sydney turf wiU be s great ooe, butik? still will continue to breed for racing no doubt his relish for the national MstimeS remain as great as ever. Tim Whiffier took 2 prize at the exhibition, but the honour was not, great one, for those opposed to him were blw mediocrity. MW Little Blondin sailed last Saturday by the Black, bird for Queensland, and will, in all probaSitv I Pt fo toe Queensland Turf Club Meeting winch cpmes off on the 24th and 25th ml Morrison has put some condition oa the litth horse aince-he was sold; but it is to be hooaa that he did not forget, to ship the famoa«; handages with him, for without them Bfoaliri: would only be half himself, ,,t i; The weights for the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase at the Melbourne Hunt dub Meet- ing, were published last Saturday, and little 3 can be found ith them, although one would thought .that Brownie gave Hotepur more thsb i 21b beating at Ballarat ; and I0st 101b is a wefoii ' slightly above Fair Nell's capabilities. Far?® Daughter has a very fair weight, and ofthe Bsfe" division, Brteston iand. Gaffer Grey are thoee onlr that are likely .to trouble the three top weights. | Narcisse aifo The" Monk are fairly bint fo is a great coma Babbler, tp geha fo.less. than The si?lering they :liave not met since Mr. aniard- 4 nantticefedjto® -at byan .wwfohls ht |f; -J ballarat Stetolechase. Aj jBepdigo, Cllupe J showed tha4;Jie jeoqldriiot pace withThe Monk,it 1 a differenc® ofBDb, so ; as Mi. Barnard has.odr | made ,321 be tavaen fljem 'ngWj.BTe .jBftlrejpatf I of the caccL. poWpoamdi, too foucb w«fe He has beentiying a !joqg "Wfiifo '.mtnoqfB j 8hadow:oJf succ9, and R is time! to bad a'llwk! I show, none of the ptoers.bayfog jafty ''/aapouEi'Ifo''. I cqmplftin. -The entries for the tfrominor evei j were made opYTednfotoY ffod tto.Selling Hu to hMibllsd remarkably , yntli thjirtfosjlfil j of which have perfonnec rhfoire or' jtes ; . bjai' »' j? I rather amusing toVato crapto like Hotsnto w! Fair , ell jfop.ibo ' pp sold for iCNiTer >'<h$ & fell p?he . mitry .df Mr. «T ellett's pair, howevrt,/iq|mj 1 combined does not come to half . the bitoer..andit.jrotohqyfog moheyttodei|y|e I nominated, far' I Glenister looking, .vemidable fchprne vjmd Lady Don; ian here J de by Bide, thoee two ancient rifot ' cWffi j Ballarat and Ingteslde, entered to be Bold'rafC I apiece.. Howare the mighty fallen. YraFP | the publicity, given to the time |''fbritoignlu 1 one entry arrived fwenty minutes iitej affl wBu, I p toreceitodv; , V. V.r j English I JwGrandNationa qndfeyj 1 nited Kingdom Grand Handicap,, WW: WOfthypciider <»Hed Casse fakB ,prwmnent. toom. foutopd.inc. foMfi ,, b . taking first .nUce. Trfov ' thev! mWlfiSalfflW tofogj betfor than, we do h thebig cvenfcM_Croyuon, omD,utch«to? w®1 well under the M Nightipgsl mm Iurbsb Iqww with great interest. drawal, which; compels me to iftfor found wanting. The raoe wes son .ton .of Tun Whiffier aod Whitel who, ofSaPPw list Ilh. heak ten others. Lady Crpqmfi»J|sf daughter of Tim's, alsowon h Ifony ,at < and Lord Hawke, by The Marquis, alM couple of hurdle races to his mefoto frv«| j ! . two reoeator-imported sires haw "oommepf 5S» | season very we. the 8 Jockey Club, Admiral Rous was to I .the resolution ofvrhich he I , ifotice, " That foo purafot I thore hcres, shall give orders to J up ahorse that has a ohance of wmfohfe 1 eaof declaration, or under any ciroumstima"3 l Mr. Brown has at at length secured I able quarters for Tim Whiffier, ahajr shortly take up his quarters at the Crorttfejjh I .qfffiX®- grand horse he now appears, Toe I SR&lp;&ce; on the "ffare includes a Handicap HurdleRace, of 20 ?L.t a Handicap Steeplechase, of 25 sovs; a SlJig Handicap, of SO'suva (three-quarters of a liWi a Selling Steeplechase, of 20 sovs. One of Se main attractions, however, will be the Handi- «» Trot, of 25 sovb, with a a weep of £l added . Thehsndicap, as usual,ili be by dittauce, but «»h»ht-for-age will hare to be' carriCd : pomes 3L fourteen hands allowed- opdi&r; thirteen hriifil 141b. The general efitry night' is not till Lafrtb inst., when owners of houses will ho jShfc respond liberally to the invitation "of the S«orietors. for it would be touch against their J2f interest to allow these ai3tburhanJgathewngs to,drop for of suppbrt. " Mr"W. C. Yuille has hot been long m dis; nnSini of the three fillies lately iinpord y the Mora? ian. Mr. Mathew Bryant, of Gtiirburran, who bought Pa'e immediately on her arrival, hsfiog on Thursday secured, the . other two Sb Lm at prices which will brin£ the s'hm paid for thfllot to 2,000 guineas. What withPatrie, Can- ' Ltk and The Hoe, which Mr. Bryant bought tit the sale of the Leigh stud, that gentleman has ovr the nucleus of one of the best studs in the colony ; but it would be a pity not- to let Mobile and Etoile du Soir have a flutter on tbe Aub tralian turf before breeding from them, for, owing to the splendid condition in tthieh they were landed, they are fit t) he pUt into training at once. Both were very highly tried at home, and it would be interesting to see these feshionably- bred French fillies ideas drestrides with our aolonial cracks. George Allan, who broughtthi in aut; has been -en gaged by Mr-AndrCw Chifheide, of OaratabttUac, and judging by the way in which these fillies were landed, he, no doubt;1 will provt a moat useful man for Mr. Chirnside, who, iv would seem from the purchase of The Baron, in tends once more to take to the national pastime. Mr. "tuille has also sold during the week for Mr. Henry Phillips, Programme, by Panic, winner of the Warrnambool Ladies' Purse, Maiden Plate, and St. Leger, at a satisfactory price, to go to India also two thoroughbred mares, with foals ; by Fireworks at a good price for Mr. CI. tB. Mac- kinnon. Hdbsbs Struck Out of theib Engagements. —May 7, 330 p.m., Babbler out of Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechase. This Week's Entries. — Owners of horses are reminded that on Tuesday 'next?/' the 14th iuBfc., entries are due for the Maiden PiabeatHay/and that on Saturday next, the IBth, acceptances have to be made for the Great Western Steeplechase' at Qoleraiaet 