HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, May l. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o clock. PETITION. Mr. WEST presented a petition from 152 persons, praying that the House would take into their favourable consideration the petition of Wm Hall and Thomas Lloyd for the discovery of gold in the Sawmill Gully, as they believed that such discovery would be the means of opening up a large quantity of gold- bearing country. deceived and read. PLANS OF PROPOSED ELECTORAL DISTRICTS. Mr. BUNDEY asked the Attorney-General ■whether he would arrange for copies of the plan of the proposed Electoral Districts on the wall of the House to be furnished to each member. He had endeavoured to compare the schedule of the Bill with that of the Act now in force, but he cculd not tell whether the boundaries were as they ■were before. The whole plan might be unneces sary. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. G. Steven son) said that he had caused maps of each Electoral District to be prepared, in addition to the plan in the House. ' Mr. AN GAS asked the CommisioBer of Crown -Lands whether he weald assent to the suggestion be bad made some time ago, viz., that each member should be fumiBhed with a tracing of the district he represented, so that he might confer with his constituents. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS {Hon. T, Reynolds) said the hon. member referred to some suggestion made to the Attorney-General. It was founa that it would involve considerable expense, and the Survey Department being fully occupied the Government did not feel justified in complying with the request without tbe order of the House. LAND IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. BOUCAUT asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands if he had stated that he intended to introduce a Bill to deal with the lands in the Northern Territory. A great many persons had an interest in the Territory, and were anxious to know whether the Government wished to deal with the question. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS that it was the intention of the Government to do so. fie felt that it was a pressing matter, and no time would be lost by him to bring it before his colleagues. LAND REGULATION'S. Mr. BRIGHT asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands "under what Act or regulation does the Land Office refuse to sell upon credit land which has passed the hammer, upon which improvements exist, the party applying being willing to pay cash for the improvements." His reason for asking the question was that one of his constituents, Mr. Joseph Kelly, of Alma Plains, had called his atten tion to the matter in the following way:—"All lands open for private sale, if there are any improvements on them, cannot be taken up on credit, no matter how trifling the valuation. If it is £5 on a square mile block you must pay cash for the land. In the areas you pay cash for the improvements; you can take the land on credit, but with Crown lands open for sale you cannot; you must pay cash for the land. I write this at the request of a great many, who have along with myself been looking for land. None of them object to pay for improvements, but we all think the land should be got on credit." The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) replied formally as follows "By regulation 24 of 30th March, 1871 (Parlia mentary Paper 20 of 1871), special country lots are precluded from being taken up under deferred payments." He added that he must confess there were peculiarities in the regulations, and that they needed amending in many parti culars ; but the Government did not intend to alter them till they saw the fate of the Land Bill. He hoped then to make considerable alterations. BONUS FOR BAR OR ROD IRON. Mr. RAMSAY, having amended his motion, -moved— " That in the opinion of this House the bonus of £2.000, voted by this House for the first 500 tons of pig iron produced in the colony should be made -available for any person or company who manu factures the first 500 tons pig iron, 300 tons bloom, or 250 tons of marketable bar or rod iron made in the colony from ores of South Australia." He explained that "bloom" was the state into which Iron was brought in England after going through a process of smelting. It was then worked in reverberating furnaces, and hammered into irregular bars previous to its being made into bar iron. He should not have thought in the pre sent financial position of the colony of asking any thing even for a bonus, but he was aware that a bonus had been voted for the manufacture of pig -iron, which has had ascertained from the Treasurer was still available for any one who complied with the regulations. The iron ores in the colony were very rich that it was difficult to obtain, a suitable flux. It was much cheaper to make the ore into bar iron, and it would have a much greater marketable value. The price of pig iron for some years had been £6 per ton, and of bar iron £14, and although the prices of both were higher now; the increase was not in relative proportion, He did not antici pate any objection to the motion, as persons who knew the value of iron knew that it was better to make 250 tons of rod iron than 500 of pig iron, although that would be a great boon. He might state that a process for making bar iron was being" carried out on a large scale, but it would be very expensive, and therefore he asked that the bonus might be make available for those who risked their capital. .He thought the motion was important, considering that they were looking forward to having a railway of a most magnificent scale, that a large amount of iron was nsed for telegraph lines, and that a great deal was used for fencing. He was happy to say that it had been proved beyond doubt that wire inexpensively made from the ores of the colony made the best fencing wire. The process he had referred to was much more simple than that_ used in England, because the ores here were 80 Z10? 4^4 ^ey ®"dd be worked with charcoal, Jhd they made much better iron, and they knew that .there was a large amount of iron in the vicinity of scrub lands, where there was plenty of umber. By this process the gentlemen who were now, applying for a patent would waste a very small quantity of fuel, which was now growing on the lands of the colony, and it tended to make the iron much more tenacious. He would in his reply endeavour to deal with any objections that might be raised against his motion. Mr. PJtAhCJE could not understand why the hon. member should have brought thin peculiar motion ■forward -just now, when pig iron having advanced in price 40 per cent, there was, if at any time, a chance, of the manufacture being undertaken. But he believed it was all moonshine and nonsense making iron in this colony at all. (No, no.) He claimed to have as intimate a knowledge of the subject under discussion as those hon. members who cried, "No," and he repeated the expression of his opinion. He knew that iron made with charcoal as a fuel was of better quality than the ordinary rdake; but what would be the effect on oar forests? He thought the whole matter premature and absurd, and that the colony could not compete with the English ironmasters,' He could not see-* what altered circumstances now existed in the colony to justify the transfer of the bonus to bar iron. Mr. BRIGHT seconded the motion. The SPEAKER suggested an alteration of the motion to make it more regular. Mr. BRIGHT was exceedingly glad that the hon. member for Light did not intend to oppose the motion. He believed when the hon. member for Mount Barker (Mr. Ramsay) introduced the matter be said that there was a new process invented by which the land of iron he mentioned could be made cheaper than under the present system. He thought that as iron was dearer in the old country now the House should do all it could to foster the new industry here, as it wonld tend to advance the interests of the colony. He -believed that if this vote were now carried it would not follow the fate which had befallen the pig iron bopus vote, for he was authoritatively informed that there would he found persons to undertake the enterprise, not merely for the purpose of obtaining the bonus of -£2.000, but for the purpose of establishing the manufacture. The bonus would doubtless assist them in purchasing the necessary expensive machinery. He hoped that the House would accede to the motion, as already there was an extensive import trade in the article, and a prospect of increased demand. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Bon. T. Reynolds) asked whether, as a point of order, the motion should not be discussed in Com mittee. This was a proposal to alter the original intention of a money vote, to devote it to a different class of iron than that hitherto contem plated. The SPEAKER considered it was not in order, and that the proper coarse would be for the hon. member to move an address to the Governor to place a sum on the Estimates for the purpose of meeting the case. Mr. BOUCAUT suggested that there could be no objection to the House passing an opinion on the matter in hand, as there would be no action taken upon a mere expression of opinion. The SPEAKER thought it would be more con venient, under all circumstances, forthe two discus sions to take, place at the same time on the proper form of motion. It was merely a matter of conve nience, and it would be better for the hon, member to withdraw the motion and reintroduce it. ■Mr. RAMSAY would accept the Speaker's ruling on that as he would on all other occasions, and not proceed with the present motion. DAYS OF MEETING. Mr. BRIGHT moved "That for the remainder of the session the House meet on Fridays, at 2 o'clock, in addition the other days of meeting previously resolved upon. A long discussion ensued, and the motion was carried by a majority of one. PRECEDENCY BILL. Second reading, Mft BOUCAuT, in moving the second reading of thiB Bui, said he wished to explain that although he was glad to do his utmost to have the measure tarried out, he was not a volunteer in the matter. He had been asked by several persons, representing several influential religious denomi nations, to introduce the measure to the Legisla ture in the absence from it of Mr. Stow, who brought it forward last session; and he had been told that if he wished, for the purpose of carry ing it, that there should be any out-of-doors agitation, it would not be wanting in favour of the measure. He said, however, that he thought the House having passed the measure once, he anticipated that there was no doubt they would pass it again, although he had not even asked any hon. member to second the motion for its second reading. He made these remarks to show that this was not a hobby of his own, although he was very strongly of opinion that this was a very proper Bill to pass in the same shape as it passed last session. The matter as it now came.before them involved two questions. The first question, that of not allowing precedency to any one religious sect in the colony, was an important one; but still that question was sunk into insignificance beside the other—the exercise of what was called tne prerogative in reference to measures affecting the Government of this colony by the Colonial Secretary. That was a far more important question, because it by no means followed, if they got what they deairea, and what was the wish of a strong body in the coloDy. that no religious precedency should be recognised, that the other im portant piinciple would be recognised, which ???,- right to govern their own affairs. Although they might succeed in Idisesta bhshiDg the Bishop of Adelaide as the head of a particular religious organisation, it did not follow that they should not be allowed the right to govern themselves, which right was given them by the Constitution Act and by the Imperial Act. Abto the undesirability of the Luhop of Adelaide exercising any pre cedency, he 6Uu- :'I be very brief indeed, because tne Legislature alnmst unanimously approved of 'he course taken last sesau n, and he did not think there was even one division u pen the Bill, or if there had been but very few would hive been found voting against it. There was a large majority of the people of South Australia who considered veiy strongly that it was undesirable and un suitable to the circumstances of the colony in consistent with the Constitution A^t-which ignored religious bodies altogether—and injurious to the cause of religion itself that the Bishop of any one particular Church should have any wece \- Pe .fgreed with all that His Excellency bad-said with reference to the character of the SSr of t Adelaide, jmd be trusted u . of tbe nffbt rev. prelate S'^bt be long preserved. He should be tne last to do as some had—speculate on cP8 11 7¥ ^finitely better that the Bill ®bou!d be passed during the life of the right rev. than that it should be passed afterwards. t iSfwH had 410 the effect tbat if the Lord Bishop of Adelaide were a Christian he wouiu resign his right, or request to be relieved from this precedency, which undoubtedly wwb the cause of heartburning, and which a recent picture which had been published would not tend to relieve. (Hear, hear.) He should not TW1! * what His Lordship ought to do! They expected something more from a Bishop than Christianity nowadays. (Laughter.) Every a Christian—(continued laughter)—so nnt ^Pecial advantage in a Bishop being 9e* Fries ccraft, statecraft, and theology were what they often got from a Bishop, and frequently veiy widely differed ftom Christianity. He would S,°w eMinme shortly the despatches which His Excellency had laid before Parliament. He had never spokendisrespectfully of His Excellency in the House, although he had an undoubted right to comment upon his despatches with perfect freedom, and in one or two instances in reference to these ff^P^phea he disagreed with him; but he would say mat in bis opinion His Excellency was entitled to the thanks of the people of this colony, and ^athab for his despatch of Novem ber2ft IS7L in which His Excellency said, " Having regard to the'unquestionable sentiments ef the majority of the people in this colony'* (and he to eay that that paragraph alone was a justification for his introducing the Bill), "and the great jealousy which exists of ecclesiastical suore 1 would recommend that Her « advised to assent to the Bill, er Majesty a Government should on ?Sw^iguP?-ds disapprove of the action of the Colonial Parliament; and I hope that Her Majesty's pleasure will be signifiedthattuehre Pj the present Bishop and Archdeacon ^Adelaide shall be continued to them, in which event mid during the Bishop's further tenure I ure thui* to b^in Catholic Bishop should con i t- OD,Puhhc occasions the position assigned to him by Earl Grey." He said His ^e'lencF was entitled to the thanks of tte iP v because lie recognised the fepiimr wbmh probably he himself did not possess— against precedency being given to any ecclesiastical dignitary, and thus BhoSU that he waB^noat anxious to do everything which might fairly be required of him to study the feelings of the ^^encv0lin hf?Vv0®4 Hl"Qg sai(* this- Bis fteuteiX? 2fi ^Memorandum for Ministers. took a firm though not W°5E' tone when he said, "I should therefore be glad to know what course the Ministry intend ^-,^ke„wlth r,e«ar.d to this Bill, ^ Sdl^s a^FSE the table in answer to the j anoress. He did not know whether the Ministry 1 gave aaymtmiationof what papere ttsey thought k^sPtoducedL and that was veiy unimportant ' but he thought it was exceedingly to be regretted ■ that the Ministers of the Crown, knowing the strong feeling of the Legislature and the people ^ «ubject, when such a request was made to them, did not make some minute instead of testing content with sending the Governor the opinion of the Attorney-General that the Bill was .contrary to the royal prerogative. (Hear, hear.) For Ministers to neglect to express the feelings of the Legislature.and support the views of theGovernor wa? A m ana throwing the burden upon the Governor of defending the right of tbe people of this colony to legislate for themselves. It was tie bounden uuty at the Ministry to have stated each reasons and arguments as they possessed in aid of me views of the people of this colony, and not to have allowed the invitation of His Excellency to pass without comment. To his mind there would nave been the same duty to have made some comment had they not even been requested by His Excellency. ^ Having said this he wonld call atten tion to the despatch of the Secretary of State to ' the Governor, in which he broadly laid down the i question that it had always been part of the royal prerogative to regulate questions of precedency. He said—" It has always been a part of the royal prero gative to regulate questions of precedence, and the colony of South Australia cannot, I am confident, desire to encfoach on the power which the Grown has always possessed in all parts of the Empire, and which it. is for the. advantage of all Her Majesty's subjects, that the Queen should continue to exercise as heretofore." M oir, he said it had not always been a part of the royal prerogative in the sense which the Secretary of State used the words. If he meant that the Queen was the fountain of honour and the source which regulated the dignity of persons, no one ever denied it. But he meant more than that; that the prerogative, and the prerogative only, was to regulate these matters. If that was the case it would certainly be a novel proceeding of that Parliament to introduce a Bill of this nature, hut it had not always been the case. He had found at least a dozen Acts of Parliament on the subject of precedence, in which the precedence of some 50 or 60 officers and digni taries in England was settled by the Imperial Parliament, and therefore it had not always been a matter for the royal prerogative alone. He main tained, then, that that Legislature would not be doing its duty if it did not insist upon having the same right with regard to the management of the internal affairs of South Australia as the Imperial Parliament had with regard to the affairs of England, always excepting the undoubted right of Her Majesty's Secretary of State to dis allow any Bills which affected imperial interests. Bnt even this power was not always exercised, for the Deceased Wife Sister Bill, which certainly affected imperial interests, had not been at last disallowed, and so with some fiscal Bills. He should not complain of the right of the Secretary of State to-veio those Bills in the name of the prero gative, hut they had a right to complain of his vetoing Bills relating simply to the colony. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, the Speaker of the House of Commons, all had their precedency by Act of Parliament, and not by the prerogative; and he therefore claimed for the Legislature of South Australia, if they held to be anything more than a mere debating club, the same right in regard to colonial matters as the Imperial Parliament had with regard to English matters. The Secretary of State said in his despatch of Eebruary 10, 1872, " I am. con fident the colonists of South Australia do not desire to encroach on the power which the Crown has always possessed in .all parts of the Empire." He ventured to submit bis view that the House would expect from the Ministry some sort of reply to a despatch, of this sort, because the matter did not affect the mere right of precedence of the Bishop, but the right to govern themselves. The word "encroach" was an unhappy one, and when the Secretary of State said, " and which it is for the advantage of all Her Majesty s subjects that the Queen should continue to exercise as heretofore," could anything be more vague? It was a mere statement, not supported by any Proof, and not supported by common sense. How could it be for the advantage of Her Majestys subjects in any other part of the Empire but this that the Queen should nave the right of 6ftying whether the Clerk to the House of Assembly should follow the Auditor-General or not, or whether the Secretary to the Treasurer or the Attorney-General should go first; and yet that was what the'despatch meant if it meant anything. He said it was not 'for the advantage of Her Majesty's subjects. The people in England, in Canada, in Victoria were not inte rested in it; the only ones who were were the people of South Australia, and they insisted tbat instead of being benefited by the Queen having that prerogative they were disad vantaged by it. That argument, therefore, ought to have no weight at all, and ought to cause the Ministers to reply to the despatch by some minute. The next paragraph he should ask the House to consider was this— Any suggestion as to the amendment of the table of precedency will be attentively considers, and they were reminded that that wasdone in Victoria. But they were not bound by what was done by Victoria. In many instances this colony had set examples which had been followed by the other colonies, and even by the Imperial Parliament itself, and therefore Victoria's example should not be cited to them. Butthere was a very good reason for Victoria adopting the course she did. inasmuch as her Legislative Council was infinitely more conser vative than that of South Australia, and had usually the desire to run counter to the legislative Assembly, and that was the reason that the matter was there dealt with by address to the Queen. In a despatch laid on the table last session by the Government from the Duke of Newcastle it was pointed out that it could not be expected that Her -Majesty's Ministers could be troubling themselves about disputes in reference to the precedency of Bishops; but in this matter they would be troubling themselves not only with the precedence of Bishops, but the precedence of all the officers of the Civil Service. He would not say that the tone of the despatch was insulting, because he was sure that the Secretary of btate did not intend to be so; but he thought had he taken higher ground, and eaid, 41 have made up my mind—you shall not do it, it would Juve been more complimentary than, to say, ^ any suggestion shall be carefully considered, and tun. if they " transmitted a detailed statement of the exact order of precedence which it is desired to establish in lieu of that subsisting, it will be examined, with a disposition to accede as far as possible to the proposed alterations. It was some stereotyped answer that any poor fellow writing to the Chief Secretary's Office for a billet might get. As to their right to govern them selves, he would call the attention of the House to a passage in one of the "Cobden Club Essays, 1871-2, by Mr. Jas. E. Tborold Kogers, on the colonial question. He said;—"rut on the other hand, though the discretion of the Colonial Par liament is practically unlimited, the colony is theoretically subject to the Colonial Office. The Acts of a Colonial Parliament are liable to the revision and even the rejection of the English Colonial Minister. But it is rarely the case that such a measure is adopted, and when it is adopted its scope is generally some piece of social legisla tion. It may be confidently stated that no Act whicb has been passed by the Colonial Parliament, and which is really demanded by the colouy, will be rejected by the English Colonial Minister. One "of these Acts, which a section of British Legislature has repudiated for several years—the. right of legal marriage with a deceased wife s sister— after having been disallowed twelve months ago, has been permitted to Australia a few weeks since. It may be added that many of the colonial Acts are diametrically opposed to the policy, and are sup posed with no little justice to be mimical, to the interests of the British nation. H Parliament had thought proper by the agency of the. Colonial Secretaiy to interfere with the domestic legisla tion of a colony, no fairer excuse could have been afforded than in the protectionist legislation of Australia and Canada." This showed that when ever the people of a colony made, up their minds, and insisted upon any subject, the imperial Ministry must sooner or later give way, and that was one reason which induced him to ask the House to pass the Bill, instead of passing an address, winch, so far as he could, he should undoubtedly oppose. Now be came to. the question of prerogative as put by the Secretary of State, and a greater bugbear was never brought before the people in. any part of the British dominions. There had been a great deal of mis apprehension as to what the Queen could do by virtue of her prerogative, but they had to consider what the prerogative really meant, and what could be done with it. He would call the attention of the House to a writer on the subject for he would never trouble hon. members with his own views if he could fortify them by sound arzumente of other writers, Mr. Otley. in hotes on Diplomacy and Diplomatic History." which appeared m F-azer>s Magazine. 1804, speaking ironically, said: —" This is a question upon which men .have been accustomed to think but vaguely and discuss with hesitation fand misgiving, as pertaining to some matter which, although directly and palpably affecting their interests, their lives, and their property, they .did notsee their way very clearly to investigate.* They had heard about'prerogative' and 'diplomacy as haying to do with it—Being, in fact, at the very bottom of the matter—and then, when they have ventured to enquire what these mysterious agencies were and what they were doing, or proposed to do. they have been told, with an admonitory shake, of toe head, that they were out of order in asking for information which it would not be consistent with the interests of the public service to afford them; the only ostensible representative of the public service with whom people nowadays are left to transact their differences being the taxgathere.r— whose mission is no mystery—with the pleasing alternative in the extreme perspective of impeach ing the Ministers of the day if they should be proved to have grossly misadvised the Crown in the exercise of its 'undoubted prerogative. Then Blackstone, who, he supposed, was one of the greatest and most Tory of the English lawyers, and who. therefore, might perhaps be accused of stickling too much for the pre rogative said in reference to Queen Elizabeth— "She therefore threw a veil over the odious part of prerogative, which was never wantonly thrown aside, but only to answer some important pur pose;'" and then he proceeded:—" On the accession of King James L, no new degree of royal power was added to or exercised by him* but such a sceptre was too weighty to be. wielded by Buch a band. The unreasonable and imprudent exertion of what was then deemed to be prerogative upon trivial and unworthy occasions, and the claim of a more absolute power inherent in the kingly office than had ever been carried into practice, soon awakened the sleeping lion. The people heard with astonishment doctrines preached from the throne and the pulpit subversive of liberty and pro perty and all the natural rights of humanity. They examined into die divinity of this claim, and found it weakly and fallaciously supported; and common reason assured them that, if it were of human origin, no Constitution could establish it without power of revocation, no precedent could sanctify, no length of time could confirm it." The state ment. (hen, of what was supposed to be the prerogative of the Secretaiy of State should not Sreventthem from enquiring what it really meant, low what was the prerogative? If they looked into a most learned work—"The Enquiry into the Bise and Growth of the Boyal Prerogative in England," toy John Allen—tb'ey should find what it was; and the Edinburgh Rmiew of October, 1830, said, in reference to that work—" According to this theory he is absolute ruler of the State, supreme Judge among its inhabitants, sole owner ■ of its land, commander of its forces, representa tive of its existence abroad, fountain of its honours. He is also in the eye of the same law immortal, infallible, everywhere present, and ineapable either of doing or meaning wrong. The person invested with such mighty authority is no -doubt merely ideal; he is a corporation and a creature of legal theory, and in practice his powers is checked and hie defects supplied in various ways, for be cannot act in any way without some adviser or some instrument answerable for what is done: so that the power which in the contestation of taw is supreme, in practice is exceedingly limited. 3to unlearned persons desirous of understanding the ConstitutioB of England, the transcendent attributes ascribed to the King in his high political capacity must prove a grievous stumblingblock at the very commencement of their studies. They may have heard that the law of England is founded m reason and wisdom. The first lesson they are taught will inform them that the law of England attributes to the King absolute perfection, absolute immutability, and legal ubiquity. They will be - told that the King of England is not only incapable of doing wrong, but of thinking wrong; that he cannot mean to do an improper thing: that in him there is no folly or weakness. They will be in formed that he never die*, and that he is invisible » well as immortal, and that in the eye of the law he is present at one and the same inBtant in every Court of Justice within his dominions. "They may have been,told that the royal prerogative in England is limited; but when they consult the sages of the law, they will be assured that the legal authority of the King of England m . absolute and irresistible; that he is the Minister and substitute of the Deity; that aU are under him, while he is under none but God. The Mevteto showed a little further on that if the prerogative as laid down by the lawyers were to be upheld, the people of England would be greater slaves than they were in the time of the Tudors, or even the Plantagenets. It showed that a great deal of this so-called prerogative would not bear dose enquiry; that it could be justified not for the King's person alone; but for the benefit of the State; and that for every act of'prerogative the Queen must have some advisers. He had read these remarks for the purpose of asking the House not to be frightened by this ghost which had been raised by the prerogative. Supposing the prero gative was what it was stated to be, there were a great number of prerogatives exercised in the colony. This land belonged to the Queen originally; in feet, the government of the colony could not be carried on without a constant exercise of the prerogative. Frequently the Governor with the advice ot the Executive Council reprieveda prisoner from suffering the sentence of death. Were they to go to England and apply to the Secretary of State before that prerogative could be exercised ? That showed the absurd length to which the thing conld be pushed. He said as the prerogative was exercised in England for the benefit of England, so should the prerogative be exercised here, if it did not affect imperial interests, J°f toe benefit of South Australia. They might be told that in the wish to exercise the prerogative they "were not loyal; but no colony had shown more loyal feelings than South Australia had— (cheers)—and they had no right to allow a fancied feeling as to the loyalty due to the Crown to run away with their feelings as to what was loyal to the people of the State, which was just as much to be considered. Loyalty to the Crown was best obtained, not by straining the prerogative, hut by showing a corresponding loyalty to the people who wished to exercise this prerogative. He was rather sneered at when moving in this matter before when be referred to a despatch being the production of some underling; but still he would say perhaps the Secretary of State never saw the despatch which he had quoted, and that it was only snown him by one of his under lings just as he was going down to the House when some important matter was coming on, for they all knew how these underlings in the Colo nial Office liked to be big men and rule the colonies. How grand it was for them to go home and tell their wives and fami nes # how they had shut up this or that Legislature, and what a blow they had given to democracy.. Certainly Her Majesty herself never knew anything of this despatch. There never had been the slightest wish on the part of the people of couth Australia to encroach upon Her Majesty's prerogative, and he did not think either Earl Kimberley or Sir James Fergusson would say there had been. "Why, the very day that this most un pleasant despatch was penned Earl Kimbrrley was speaking at very great length in praise of tlie people of this colony, and his desire to extend to them a large amount of self-government. (Hear, hear.) They were justifiedfrom that speech in concluding that even if the Secretary of State did see lliat despatch he did not pay any attention to it. To support himself in the suggestion and his former opmion it was written by some underling in the Colonial Office, and that the Queen had nothing to do with it, he would read a passage from Mr. Bogers'sessay, which he had previously referred to. He remarked:—"The mother is the Colonial Office. The sedulous care of a parent is osten sibly administered by a gentleman who forms part of a Cabinet whose tenure of office is limited by the strength and the success of the party to which he helorgE, and whose thoughts are anxiously directed to the policy of his associates in the Administra t'pn. The real functionary who directs the fortunes of the colony, and who trains the infant to man hood, is a Government clerk, who holds a perma nent office, who is independent of all Admini strations, and need not be affected by the pressure of public opinion. The nation at large knows very little of its colonial children, ana Parliament knows very little more. It may be doubted whether four-fifths of the personages who sit in the Bouses knew the names of the chief towns in the several British Colonies, or could give any but the vaguest answer aB to their population, their resources, and their wealth." As scon as he had given notice of the introduction of his Bill he had. in order to back up what he had had to say upon this question, sought for the legal opinion which he had just quoted from a writer whose opinion had been considered of sufficient importance for his essay to be selected out >of a large number to be published amongst the papers oftbeCobden Club. He came to i lie point as to whether they were likely or not to get what they sought if they went about it in their own way, and must counsel hon. members not to let a matter of such great importance drop, for if they did not he felt sure that their just demands would at length be complied with. He quoted from the last para graph in a despatch from the Bight Hon. E. Card well, then Secretary of State for the Colonies, which led to the dismissal of Sir Charles Darling. Governor of Victoria. It was as followsHer Majesty's.Government have no wish to interfere in anj questions of purely colonial policy, and only oesire that the colony shall be governed m con* formity with the principles of responsible and constitutional government, subject always to the paramount authority of the law." And from that he considered that the same could have bten the case in this instance; and if the present Secretary of State had the same desire as Mr. Cardwell had in writing to Sir Charles Darling, he could have advised that the Bui should be passed, and made the necessary re servations on the subject, and absolutely preserve the royal prerogative. For a special reservation was made in the Bill, which must have been suffi cient to meet their objection. He meant to say that it would not be a politic course to take for the people of this colony to allow themselves to be frightened from looking after the right of govern ing themselves by this bugbear of prerogative. Even the nominee members of the Council before the Constitution was changed, when Downing street and the Governor of the day were found to be encroaching on what they deemed the rights of the people, walked out of the Council Chamber. And if at that time the wishes of the people of the qolony were considered, was it to be said that they who had responsible government and its benefits were to be told that they were in a worse position thaD the people under nominee rule? He did not fbink that the Legislature had become so degenerate as that. It was not by such conduct as what seemed to be expected of them in England that the people of the Cape had successfully con tended for the exemption of their colony from being made a convict settlement. Nothing, he considered, would be more fatal to the interests of the country than 'that the people of the colony should bow down, as it wore, to the authority of the Colonial Office and this bugbear of the prero gative. and allow the question to rest for the time being for the Secretary of Sta e. In tbe first despatch of the Governor, dated the 10th October. 1S71, the following passage occurred, which he might say he very greatly regretted to find the Governor using. It was— "I feel bound to stste that no ene has alleged against the Bishop of Adelaide any undue assump tion, and he is universally respected by all as an earnest and exemplary minister of religion. But the precedence granted by Earl Grey to the Konian Catholic prelates has. I believe, added to the sentiments of dissatisfaction, and will not im probably increase the support which the Bill will obtain. A great jealousy of the Koman Catholics is to be expected in a community so largely com posed of distinctively Protestant denominations, and some wbo recognise the position conferred by Her Majesty's letters patent, apart from the eccle siastical position of the Bishop, dislike the prece dence of a dignitary who owes his rank neither to the appointment of the Sovereign nor (he election of his fellow - subjects." Now, he might say as a member of the Church of England that in this colony he knew of no such feeling as that which was spoken of. He was therefore sorry that if His Excellency thought of such a thing, he should have put it into his despatch. It was no jealousy of the supremacy of the Soman Catholic Bishop that had had to do with the Bill, but the general feeling of the people of the colony that the ministers of religion, whether it was Catholicism. Presbyterianism, Mohamme danism, or any other, should be recognised as having any domination over the officers of the Civil Service, as the colonial society was based npon principles of religious freedom and equality, and many members of tbe Church of England bad supported that view. Be did not wish to comment, as had been done in public, upon the peculiar rela tionship between His Excellency and his advisers: but he would only say tbat His Excellency bad adopted a firmness of tone which it was quite natural that he should adopt,' but it ought to have been replied to in a fitting manner by Ministers. On the subject of tbe Boman Catholic Bishop's precedency, he wished to say tbat it had struck bim as rather curious that, although Ireland had no State Church, and although Scotland had a State Church, at which Her Majesty the Queen was supposed to attend when holding her residence in Scotland, the head of the Soman Catholic Church should be allowed a precedency that was not accorded to tbe head of the Presbyterian Church. He had nothing to say against Bishop Short having what rights were given to him. He respected him as highly as any person could, but he was then only speaking upon a question of principle. It was wall understood that the Irish Church had received the favour in order to secure the Irish vote; but he did not think tbat the people of this colony had any right to have their interests affected because that course had been taken. He considered it a discreditable tiling for the English Government to do, and he, if he happened to be a Presbyterian here, should certainly object to it. There were many other subjects which he should have criticised, but he had alluded. to those which he most desired to refer to.' Hepointed to an instance in whichthe law officers of England had refused to advise upon the subject of the prerogative, but wished rather to give way to opinion, mid had said that the pre rogative in certain cases was in force only wheH no Act of the Imperial or Colonial Parliaments dealt with the questions; and he wished to contrast snch dealing wiih that of the clerks In tbe Colonial Office, who had decided it themselves offhand by Baying that because the Parliament of this eoiony bad desired to frame an Act on one subject that its proceeding waB informal. And these men who had given the opinion which he had alluded to were men who most be considered the best men in their profession, and amongst men who earned on Government — they were men who had given opinions to the Grown on weighty questions, such as that of the Alabama Claims. Karl Krmberley seemed now to say that if the question of the action the colony wished taken were laid before him, he would pnt it before a clerk in the Colonial Office, and if the clerk had had his temper crabbed by having had a bad breakfast, or had been jilted by somebody at the previous night s ball— (Oh)—it might be decided against the South Australian people. He did not think he was saying too much, as Judges had been accused of giving adverse decisions in consequence of having had a bad dinner, and he thought it must be admitted that a clerk in the Colonial Office was as open to accusation as a Judge. The whole series of despatches which had been laid before Parliament snowed a material difference, on any two questions, and they were of such a , kind that even, if consistent, they could not be relied on. A greater question than that of the precedency was undoubtedly tberight of the people of this colony to govern themselves; and he wished to ask that the Bouse should pasB the Bill in the same form as it had before passed, and send it home again, as he considered if they took such firm action that no Secretary ol State would be able to stand m the way to prevent them from obtaining their rights— (Hear, hear)—but they must show some spirit, as If they did not the question would remain as it now stood." If such a measure as this had been vetoed in Victoria, where the Legislative Council was always fond of going contrary to the wishes of the people's House, it would have been tacked to the Appropriation Bill; and he thought if it was so tacked on, as it might be, by. consent of both Houses, and sent home for assent, he would like to see the Secretary of State stop the supplies of the colony until the Bill should , be untucked. He did not think that such action would be resorted to; but he thought a stop should be put to the dictation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies. There must be a line drawn now, or in future the encroachments npon the rights of the people would continue. One point being gained to-day would lead to another being gained next, and if the people were determined to stand out against it, they conld do so in the way be had pointed out. He had no wish to, quarrel with JUowning-Btreet, and in the past had interposed in the House between the democratic members and the Government; but he could not think that the rights of the people should be interfered with. He begged to move that the Bill be now read a second time. Mr. West and Mr. Hughes rose at once. Mr. HUGHES wished to move that the debate be adjourned. The motion was not seconded. Mr. WEST said that he felt sure that the Secre tary of State for the Colonies would feel very much obliged for the laboured effort which his hoD. friend the member for West Torrens (Mr. Boucant) had made that evening. He doubted not that the Secretary of State would be. content, after going through the first four lines of the speech, to take the whole as read, and send it to were speeches similar in kind were usually consigned, namely, to the waste-paper basket. He thought it was rather unfortunate that in a colony like this, which boasted so much of its loyalty, that such a speech should have been made. His hon. friend the member for West Torrens seemed to know all about the regulations as to the duties of the clerks at llowning- street, and also had spoken of what Her Majesty did on certain occasions. He did not venture to say that Mr. Boucaut had not spoken without full information on the subject of which he treated, but he must say that it was a pity that other hon. members had not an opportunity of seeing as much as he had seen, and becoming acquainted with the details which he had put into his speech. They all knew that the hon. member was one of those who loved occasionally to .have a fling at both " House andjKing;" and allowing for his idiosyncrasy, he thought that a great deal that he had said would be taken at its exact value by members of the House who knew his weakness. In that matter he considered that the question had been raised in a style that he thought was unhappy. The hon. member had made some refe rence to the Irish Church, and the place which its representative occupied in the procession on official occasions. He begged to point out to the hon. member that His Eminence Cardinal Cullen took precedence, not as the head of the Soman Catholic Church, but as a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire. The Hon. J. HART said that he was surprised at the speech of the hon. member who ;had pro posed the motion. He thought it would be remembered by those persons who took an interest in the question that on the debate last session with reference to it the views of the then Ministry were very clearly set forth, (Hear, hear.) If the hon. member had looked a little further into the matter than he bad looked he would have seen that at the date of His Excellency's Memo randum he (the Hon. J. Hart) was in Melbourne, and did not appear in the House until the 8th of October; so that the Memorandum was not im mediately answered because it required that the Government should consider it. (Hear, hear.) But it did not always follow that the opinion of the Ministry was always given in writing. He took the same view then that he had on that day, that the very fact that the present Bishop of Adelaide held his precedency from royal letters patent dated long prior to the estabishment of constitutional government, and as all others holding positions by letters patent, and had been compensated for change ana loss of office, he considered it would hare been only right during the lifetime of the Bishop to leave his title to precedence undisturbed. He did not believe that the present head of the Church of England here cared one rush about how the matter might be settled; and he was sure, settiDg aside the question of the sending home of the Bill and that of the prerogative, the people of the country would be found quite willing that the Bishop should retain the precedence which had been so long ago given to him. The hon. member had Epoken of the Bishop setting up a claim; but no claim had been set up by the Bishop, who had been silent during all the discussion, remon strating with no ooe, and leaving the question to be settled by bis fellow-colonists. No person felt more strongly than he (the Hon. J. Hart) upon the principle that ministers of religion should be considered in the position of colonists and nothing more. He had no desire to see any denomination put before any other, or to see Christians put before a denomination that were not Christians, but he thought a certain amount of consideration was due to the present holder of the office of Bishop. For many years after it had any need to do so as a matter of right the House had continued to provide for the payment of the stipend of the first Dean of Adelaide nntil the death of that functionary. Feeling he knew was much in favour of the ministers of the various denominations being upon equal terms, and he might say that with the assistance of the Hon. the Speaker and others in the Legislative Council he had done away years ago with the Church of England grant m this colony. That was a point gained in reference to the substance, but this for which they now fought was but the shadow. And if it were not for the hon. member and a few others who were agitating it he believed the people would bave long since allowed the matter to be forgotten. The hon. member spoke rather disparagingly on the question of preroga tive. He aid not think for his own part that that was a question to be raised, but that all that they had now to deal with, was that of the precedence of the Bishop of Adelaide; and he was sure that a great many persons both. in and out of the House would be ready to allow that matter to stand until it should please the Almighty to take the present incumbent from the world. If the colony carried out the views of the hon. member for West Torrens on the question of prerogative, the colony would place itself in the position of picking a quarrel with the Home Government, and he trusted that nothing of the kind would be done, for be would like to know in what posi tion the colony would be in presence of a foreign cruiser if the assistance of England was not to be relied upon in time of war. He should have preferred that the Parliament should address Her Majesty in order to have what they wanted done, as they could ask that no precedency should be allowed to any Bishops coming after the present occupant of the office. He could not see why ministers of religion should not be eligible for members of Parliament. He had thought a good deal upon the question, and considered that, being men of trained intellect, they would in most cases make quite as good members of Parliament as any others. (Hear, hear.) And they had on their hands much spare time, which was not the case with business men. When the Bill was passed to amend the Constitution that question should have attention. Mr. HUGHES said that his hon. friend the member for West Torren had, in his speech in moving the second reading of the Bill, shown great research in the way in which he had gathered upon one side statements and arguments, and laid them before the House, and, he was sorry to say, apparently to bring them into an autago nistic position towards the Home Government. He then had quietly said that he had stood in foimsr times between the Government and the members of the House who were more democratic. Now he thought that Mr. Boucaut appeared him self to be about the only-democratic member of the House. He considered that Mr. Boucaut was not putting the question fairly when he spoke of the replies by- despatches as never being seen but by an irresponsible clerk. That surely was uot the way to look at it, as the despatches from the Colonial "Secretary, he considered, were not to be looked at in that light. The hon. member had asked if the colony was to be allowed to govern itself; but he thought that they bad quite as much self-government here as in any other part of the world, and considered it would not be well for the colony if it was.so cut off from England as to be compelled to defend itself in time of war. He con jured them to keep in the position of a loyal de pendency of the British Empire, and was sure that any reasonable claim put forward woul-i be "attended to. The prerogative was quite different now from what it was at the time of the Plan tagenets and Stuarts, about which the hoc. mem ber had made his quotations. Then life was in the bands of the Sovereign, and they could make war and impose taxation without the per mission of the Parliament, but now it was confined to the defining of precedence and bestowal of honour. He did not think, in spite of the way in which the hon. member had represented the case, that much would be seen by the House to be hurt at when they came to consider the other side of it. Nothing could have been fairer and better than the manner in which tbe despatches had been worded, and he could not see that the Secretary of State had failed either in firmness or politeness. He had been firm enough in saying that Her Majesty could not be advised to take away any rights of precedency now enjoyed so long as those who enjoyed them lived; but he bad at the same time said that any communication from the Governor or the Parliament would receive careful consideration. He thought that there was no necessity to take tip the question of eccle siastical precedency, inasmuch as he con sidered it as «n fait accompli: but the question seemed to have been narrowed down to one of whether or not the House would imperil the position of the colony with home authorities hy sending to England a literal transcript of a Bill which the Secretary of State for the Colonies had once declared to be an infringement of the royal prerogative. The reward .for services—the only reward which was priced—came from the Crown, and was not in the power of the people to bestow. In the world there was nothing so shaky as popu larity—it was here to-day and gone to-morrow. He of course did not undervalue popularity, but valued it only as far as he considered himself justified in doing so. But the slightest recognition from the bestower of all honour would be con sidered by him as a far better gift than any that could be bestowed upon him by the people. He did not think any person would deprive the Bishop of Adelaide of bis precedency, which he had enjoyed from a time long before the Constitution was given to the colony. Some allusion had been made to the letters patent being faulty, but they could only be so considered in regard to coercive rights. He considered that nothing would be gained by this measure being again passed. It wonld only be seat home again in the same form as before—(Mr. Boucaut—"Hear, hear")—and would only cause a little more ill feeling against the Home Government. They had been assured that no more appointments would be made and no similar precedency given, and the matter had thus been settled, and so he hoped it would now he allowed to rest. If the action desired -by Mr. Boucaut was taken, the colony would obtain for itself a very undesirable name as a most radical colony. The Hon. A. BLYTH moved that the debate be adjourned, and made an Order of the Day for Friday. (Hear, hear.) The motion for adjournment was carried. WRITS OF ELECTION BILL. Second reading. Mr. BOUCAUT, in moving the second reading of this Bill, said it was similar to one introduced hy him last session, which was amended in its passage through Committee by the provision that the President of the Legislative Council should be empowered to issue writs during the recess being struck out. It was amended in the Council to the same form in which it was introduced, but the dis solution at the end of last session prevented the matter being discussed in the House. The only question was whether the powers should be only given to the Sneaker of the House, or the President of the Council as well. He asked the House to allow the Bill to pass in the shape that it was assented to by the Legislative Council. The motion for the second reading was passed. In Committee. Clause L Provision when vacancy happens, and Parliament is not in session. Mr. SOLOMON remarked that there were several terms under which writs might be issued, and he wished to ask the hon, member who had charge of the Bill whether it was clearly defined what an office of emolument or profit was. Was the Speaker to decide out of session what that was? The Hon. A. BLYTH said that in the. 15th line appeared the words "under the hands and seals of any two members," &c.; He did not see that it was necessary to retain the words "and seals." Mr. BOUCAUT said the words were inserted to give formality to the action taken by members of the House in informing the Speaker of a vacancy. It ought to be more than merely calling attention to the matter. He should not oppose the striking out of the words, but would rather they remained in. As to Mr. Solomon's question, the hon. mem ber would see that the words were those of the Constitution Act, and at the end of the clause there was a proviso—"Unless the President or Speaker of the Council or House wherein such vacancy has happened shall have any doubt on the subject, or nnless good reason to his satisfac tion to the contrary snail be shown by writing under the hands of any fonr members of tbe Council or House in which such vacancy has hap pened." The ATTOBNEY-GENERAL (Hon. G. Steven son) suggested that Mr. Biytb's objectioir might be met hy using the words of the Imperial Statute, which provided for a certificate. The Hon. A. BLYTH moved that the words "and seals" he struck out. If a notice was given which was unsealed it might cause great incon venience, Mr. MANN moved to strike out the words "Legislative Council, or" in the first line. The expense of a Legislative Council election wasabont six times as much as that of an election for the Assembly, and it was a serious thing to involve the country in the cost to fill up a vacancy, espe cially as there might be two or three some time afier. A vacancy would not be felt much in the Legislative Council, as hon. members were fre quently absent for a year at a time, and the Council had frequently refused to issue a writ for one vacancy owing to the expense. He thought it would be better to leave it in the hands of the Legislative Council itself as to whether writs should be issued in the recess. He tho Jght the House would pause before involving the country id a considerable expense for an inadequate result. If hiB amendment was carried, the Bill would need altering in other ways. Mr. GLYDE said that was a very important amendment, and he was not prepared to say yes or no to it at a moment's consideration. He would point out that in a small House like the Legislative i Council, if there was some question of great im portance coming on and there were half a dozen or more vacancies, nine members would have the entire power of declining to declare any vacancy, and be able to carry on continually without doing so. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) thought it would be well to have one clause specially referring to the House of Assembly, and another to the Legislative Oouucil. In ltti) or IStjl there was a dispute between the Governor and the Attorney-General as to whether His Excellency had power at all to issue writs during the recess for vacancies in the Legislative Council, and that having been set at rest, the question arose whether in the case of a portion of the Council going out bv effluxion of time the Governor would have the power to issue writs, as he was able to do when the House of Assembly went out ef office. That was a debatable point. If his suggestion as to having two clauses was adopted it would enable them to deal with the question without interfering materially with the Bill. Mr. TOWNSEND pointed out that if the clause waB passed as printed, in the case of a vacancy in the Upper House the .President would be obliged to order an election,'and the whole machinery would be put in motion. Mr. Glyde met that by saying there might be nine vacancies in the Council, which the remaining members need not fill up, but that would involve nine members resigning or taking offices of emolument during tbe fgcgss* . The TREASURER (Hon. J> H. Barrow) also thought it would be better to have a special clause referring to the Legislative Council, as it would enable that Chamber to deal with the question with more confidence. He did not see how they could go on without nine members, as the Constitution Act provided that there should be IS. Although a member obtained leave, of absence he was still considered a member, and he thought when any peraon ceased to be a member absolutely it would be incumbent upon the President to take steps for the issue.of a writ. He did not consider it desirable to put in motion tbe whole electoral machinery for one vacancy, because one district was not disfranchised by it. Mr. GLYDE said that Air. Townsend hardly saw what he intended to show. He wanted. to point out thai out of the 18 members comprising tbe Legislative Council during a Long recess, nine might die, become insolvent, or accept office. There might be some great popular cry. Nine men could band themselves together on one side and not declare a vacancy, and this could continue till the next members went out by effluxion of time. The same thing might happen in that House if 19 members banded themselves together. He agreed with Mr. Mann that there would be considerable expense in the elections, but Che point he had raised was worth considering. Mr. BOUCAUT said the hon. member for the Burra had moved a similar amendment last session, and he did not object to it because he thought it was well that the Legislative Couucil should have the fullest opportunity oi expressing their views as to their own House. He agreed with the Treasurer that they should not wildly oppose the Legislative Council, and saw the weight or the argument used by Mr. Mann, but to meet his objection he would, instead of using the words in the proviso, "shall have any doubt on the subject," &cv; —which %ould be as to the identity of the person who was dead, insolvent, or had accepted office— give the Speaker larger powers by inserting the words "as to the propriety of such writ being issued." He thought that would meet the ob jection raised by Mr. Mann. He did not think it waB desirable to take the power from the Legis lative Council if they desired to have it. They could pass a resolution from time to time to guide the President as to the number of vacancies tor which he should issue a writ. . Mr, MANN was a good deal struck with the remark of the Commissioner of Crown Lands as to the power of the Governor to iBsue .writs on vacancies occurring in the Legislative Council by effluxion ot time during the receBs. He should be inclined unhesitatingly to say that the Governor had no such power. He would point out that this clause made no provision for such an event, but •nly in case of vacancies by death or insolvency. That made it more necessary that there should be a separate clause as suggested by tbe Treasurer. If the Council wished to fill up vacancies occurring in the recess he would not oppose their having that power, although there were grave objections on the score of expense. In arrnwer to the point raised by Mr. Glyde he pointed out that at present if nine members of the Council like to adopt a particular course they could stop all legislation. That would be very improbable, but he did not think that legislation could stop it. Mr. BOUCAUT said it did seem somewhat out of "place to discuss a matter referring to the Legislative Council before it had discussed the question itself, and he would asseut to the pro posal for the introduction of another clause. He would ask the Attorney-General to draft a clause which the Chief Secretary might bring forward in the Council. _ „ „ The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Bartow)—The Government will assent to that proposal. Mr. BRAY pointed out that this clause only provided "for vacancies caused in two or three different ways, and not for those caused by resig- - nation, or through a member being convicted of felony, or becoming of unsound mind. Mr. BOUCAUT said the Speaker had to issue a writ in case of resignation, but that did not follow where a vacancy occured from other causes. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. U. Steven son) moved the insertion after the words, "except-'' ing those (offices) required by the Constitution Act," the words "or any Act amending the same," as a Bill might be passed to provide for another.Minister, Mr. BOUCAUT would consent to insert those words. Mr. BUNDEY said the clause would in some way conflict with the Constitution Act, and he would ask the hon. member to have the clause redrafted, and let them consider it on Friday week. He called attention to the 26th clause o£ the Con stitution Act, which showed that the Commis sioner of Crown lands was in error in supposing that a writ could be issued during the recess for a vacancy occurring by effluxion of time. The SPEAKER said the clause could be amended and the Bill would be reprinted. Mr. BOUCAUT said he did not want to press the matter now, but thought it would be best to pass the clause. The Bill would be reprinted, and could be recommitted. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) explained that he had said he doubted whether the Governor had power for issuing a writ daring the recess to fill up a vacancy by effluxion of time. Mr. SOLOMON called attention te the 23rd. clause of the Constitution Act, providing that upon the receipt of a member's resignation by the Speaker the seat should become vacant. Would it not be necessary to allude to this, because it defined one mode and the Bill another? The SPEAKER said that provided for when the House was in session, and the Bill for when it was not. Mr. SOLOMON remarked that the Bill affected the Constitution Act. The SPEAKER said it was to amend the Constitution Act. Mr. BOUCAUT said the Constitution Act did net give power to the Speaker to issue a writ. The power sought to be given was in addition to that Act. The Hon. A. BLYTH said there was another point with regard to the iBsue of writs. The Con stitution Act said that the Speaker should take the necessary steps to have a writ issued, but the days of nomination and election were fixed by the Government, practically by the Returning Officer. In Victoria the Speaker fixed the days, and he suggested that that should be allowed here, as there had been inconvenience owing to the time between the day of nomination and that of election. Mr. BOUCAUT thought the Speaker should have power to issue writs as suggested; but that was not in accordance with the Constitution Act, dud be did cot wish to introduce such a large amendment. He bad no objection, however, to a substantive clause or another Bill. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) asked Mr. Boucaut if there was any special reason for providing that only two members should be required to inform the Speaker of a vacancy, and that there should be four in the case of au objection to the vacancy being declared. Mr. BOUCAUT said he had precedents in the English and Canadian Acts. He supposed the reason was this—no two members would be likely to certify under their hands and seals that another member was insolvent, for instance, without good reason, and a grave matter like that should not be Bet aside unless by several members. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) said it might be that two or three batches of two members would send notice to the Speaker, and then four members would be able to oppose the declaration of a vacancv. The Hon. A. BLYTH thought that in such a case the Speaker would have doubts upon the matter. (Laughter.) He pointed out that while a seal was required under one declaration it was not under the other. Mr. WEST hoped a clause would be introduced to enable the Speaker to issue writs and fix the days. When there were vacancies for the District of Encounter Bay the Government did not take steps to have writs issued in proper time, and a great deal of inconvenience was caused, the dis trict being unrepresented when several questions of Seat interest to that and the adjoining district of ount Barker were being discussed. The Hon. J. HART did not think the Govern ment of the day was to blame. He forgot which Government it was that had the issue of the writs, but he was sure the delay was not their fault. Mr. SOLOMON asked if it was necessary that the second and third readings .should pass the House by absolute majorities. The SPEAKER said the second reading of the Bill bad been passed, and did not require an absolute majority, as it did not alter the position of members in the Legislative Council or House of Assembly. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) refered to the 34th elaiue, which provided that it should not be lawful to alter the Constitution Act unless the second and third readings of the Bill had been passed by absolute majorities. It was a question whether this Bill did not affect the Constitution Act. The SPEAKER said it affected the Constitution Act, but not as regarded the 34th clause. The motion was put in the form that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the question, ana negatived. Mr. GLYDE pointed out that at the end of a recess when arrangements were being made to oust a Ministry, on the reassembling of Parlia ment some vacancies might occur which it might be important to have filled up or left open, and two members might .he found who would take action to get the vacancies filled up or not in good time, and four other members might endeavour to prevent that. The CHAIRMAN said the Speaker would judge according to the weight of evidence. Mr. BOUCAUT said that under the clause the Speaker would issue a writ if two members snowed that there was a vacancy nuless four members showed that that was wroug. Mr. BRAY suggested that provision should be made for cases where members were convicted of felony or of being of unsound mind. Mr. GLYDE aid not think the provision as to lunacy shi uliS go in, as two members of the House might be found at any time to make such a declaration. (Laughter.) The Hon. A. BLYTH said there had unfortu nately been a case in a neighbouring colony of a man being convicted of felony, but the Speaker reserved the case till the meeting of the House. Mr. BOUCAUT thought if the provision with regard to lunacy was introduced no man would be safe, as a certificnte might be given in reference to a man quite sane. It was mere important to legis late for known evils than theoretical ones. Mr. BRAY pointed out that these cases were provided for in the Constitution Act, and if pro visions were necessary in one case they were in another. Any hon."members who would make a false declaration as to another were unworthy of their position. Mr. BOUCAUT did not think members should have the power. He had k:>own sane men put into the Asylum on the certificate of two mad doctors. (Laughter.) The SPEAKER suggested that the hon. member should allow the clause to pass. It could be recom mitted. Mr. WEST said that on one or two occasions he had been charged with lunacy—(laughter)—and he was told some two or three years ago that be was a lunati-; but he hoped the member who said that of him would not be one of the Court to decide. He must acknowledge that he had some method in his madness. That timet be one of the characte ristics of it. (Laughter.) Mr. WARD did not thiuk it would be right for that power to be in the hands of two. four, or any number of members; if it was, the position of any member would be at the disposal of any three or feur others. If the clause applied to this House alone the Speaker should iBsue a writ without the intervention of any member. Mr. BOUCAUT said the intention was to relieve tbe Speaker of some of the onus. He was sure no one would ^certify that Mr. Ward was dead, as be gave such abundant proof of his being alive. He aid not think that any two men would he found to be so outrageously wicked as to Bay that any member of Parliament was insolvent if he was not. and the Speaker would not issue a writ with out enquhy at the Insolvent Court. Mr. WARD—Except in an office of profit. It was quite possible Mr. Boucaut and Mr. Ramsay, who had expressed an opinion upon the BUbject, might declare that the proprietor of a newspaper— like the Treasurer, Mr. lierrington, or himself— had, by inserting Government advertisements, accepted an office of profit. Mr. BOUCAUT .said the hon. member had trusted to his genius instead of to his reading. That could not be the case nnder this clause. Mr. TOWNSEND said that the hon. member ought to know that the analogy did not apply. In the c?ee of Mr. Rounsevell, before the Contractors in Parliament Act was passed, an attempt was made to apply that, but it could not be done. He thought the hon. member did come jmder the provisions of the Contractors in Parliament Act, and that would be sufficient for him. The Hon. J. HART moved "That the Com mittee do now divide." Carried. The clause was amended by thewoTds "Legis lative Council or" being struck out in the mat line, and consequent alterations being made. The words "or any Act amending the same," were inserted after "Constitution Act" in the eleventh, line, and the words "and seals" in the fifteenth liDe were struck out. The clause, as amended, was passed. The Hon. A. BLYTH moved that the House resume. The Eon. S. HART was quite willing to come ta ttle House again that evening. (Cheers, and cries of "No.") If the business was to be gone on with, it was necessary to have some refreshment. The motion was carried. The House resumed, the Chairman reported progress, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Friday. Mr. WARD moved that the House adj:um for an hour. Negatived. ARRANGEMENT OF BUSINESS. The other business wa6 postponed, and The House adjourned at 25 minutes to 7 till next day at 2. [For further Parliamentary Proceedings see First Sheet] 