THE TEMPTED SISTERS. BVTHE AUTHOn OF ' NORA,' ' SUE WOULD ' BE AN ACTEESS,' &C.; (Etom the Peiimi Miscellany.) Chapter XXII. THE FALSE COURIER — THE DEPARTURE— THE JOURNEY — TIIE MEETING. The effect produced on the two ladies toy Walter's startling announcement was very different. Mrs Bertram shared ; ?somewhat in his superstitious tempera ment, and was inclined to believe in the ? -tnith of wllJlt. llA nSKnrfnii. flint, lin limi in xeality seen the spirit of her dead son ; 'while into the heart of Blanche the thought that he was alive and free came ?with overwhelming force. They said very little on the subject to him or to' each other, but retired to rest, both re solving if possible to find out who it was that ho had seen. The morning sun toso bright and clear, and Walter, as he -. attended on his young mistress at her ? breakfast, felt somewhat ashamed of his . fears of the night before. He 'did not like to speak on the subject, however, aDd was very glad when Blanche herself commenced it. ' ' : 'Walter,' she snid, 'before' Mrs Tlni-fi- nni i/\ina lie foil rr.a nvanflw .trVinf. you think you saw last night. ' , ; ; ' What I think I saw, Miss Blan che!' he exclaimed. 'What I did see ! It was no fancy.' . , '..) \ '., ''..-, ; ' Pray heavon it. were not, ' Blanche said earnestly. 'I would give; every thing I have in this world . to see him once more.' 'Ah! that will never be, 'Walter said sadly. 'No living man ever looked like that.' / ' ; And he proceeded to give his mistress «. somewhat highly- coloured account of 'the occurrence of the preceding evening. Blanche making due allowance for Walter's fears, felt that it was very strange. That he might have been mistaken in any ordinary acquaintance, ?she could well understand ; but the face ?of Gilbert Bertram, besides being in it self somewhat striking, was so engrafted on the memories offaerself and, all con nected witto her, that she could not bring herself to believe her old servant alto gether in the wrong. ' It is Very ?strange ! ' -she said to herself. Then turning to Walter — 'You can inquire who hired, boats last evening; you say it was the only English boat -on the rivsr ? ' ' Yes, miss, ' he answered. '.It ?was the only one rowed in a decent fashion. All the others had oars like a double frying pan. ' Blanche tors about to give him some ?further directions, when the entrance of Mrs Bertram prevented her, and be 3 eft the room. The widowfcad passed a4ssturbed night, and looked agitated, and, on being qu«s 'tioned by Blanche, confessed thatit was ?what she had heard from Walter that .had distressed iker. ' I have heard of such things, ' she ?said, ' I know they occur sometimes ; tut why my son should not show him ?self to me, instead of to a comparative rstranger, I cannot understand. ' ?' My dear Mrs Bertram, ' Blanche said gently, ' do not indulge such thoughts as that. I do not believe Walter saw any ghost at all ', he has made some mistake. '' '«Oh, no, no, 1 ' she answered, ?' there is no mistake. I feel it was my ?son he saw. ' Blanche felt sue .omild not say any thing to reason her friend out of her morbid fancies, so she wisely dropped the subject, and Walter opportunely -entering at the moment with letters, put ^a stop to further conversation. ? ' The usual communications, ' Blan che said, as a heap of -envelopes were j)kced before her. 'The tradespeople in ttase places must spend all their profits in paper and ?envelopes to advertise their goods. Ha ! an English hand, ' she exclaimed, .as her hand touched one with that pecu liar rustle and flexibility which foreign writing-paper always has. ' Mr Acton too ! ' and apologising to Mrs Bertram, she eagerly broke the seal. 'Hotel ae Quatre Saisons, Antwerp. *' Dear Miss de (jkessey, ? . 'I hope this -will reach you before you leave Bonn,»s I am sure you will rejoice at the news it bangs you. I have at length obtained the clue 1 want to the residence of Mons. ae Cressey and Madame Lannay. If you can conveniently reach this place in three days from this time, and meet me here, ? you can have the meeting you have so long wished j and yourself, arrange what you think best for their future comfort. Present my respects to Mrs Bertram, who I trust is well, as also your little protege : and accept my sincere congratulations on our success, 'lam, madam, ? 'Very faithfully yours, ' Miss de Cressey, Bonn. ' ' R. Acton. Blanche's tears fell fast upon the. paper she held, but they were tears of joy. 'Read it ! Read it '' she said, handing it to Mrs.. Bertram ' They are alive, and I shall see them again ! ' Her friend heartily congratulated her, and they resolved to set out on the morrow, and break their journey by stopping two nights on the road— one at Aix-la-Chapelle and one m Brussels — so as to render the fatigue, less to; the little boy ; who, though fast recovering, was very weak. ? Walter, though ho expressed his con gratulations, as irt duty bound, did not feel any delight at the approaching fam ily reunion. ' What does she want to bnrden her self with that old man for ?' ho said to himself. 'And as for that Madame Lannay if it had not been for her. and her husband, the sorrow that has nearly crushed her into the grave would never have been.' Their preparations were soon made, and the next morning they were on their way to Aix. Before they left, Blanche asked Walter whether he had made the inquiries she had proposed about the hirer of the boat, and he told her that the gentleman was, a stranger, and had left no name. ' ' I saw the boat,' Walter said. ' A yellow one, with red rims, but no living man tenanted it when it shot down the rixrai* flinf niorlif. T nm nfmifl wn slin.ll hear some ill news, Miss Blanche.' ' I trust not,' she answered, and the subject was dropped. ,..'.' It was anew kind of travelling alto gether to the party, that' of ' the: Prus- . sian railroads, and with her heart light ened of a great deal of the doubt and anxiety which had. so oppressed it, Blanche enjoyed her journey very much . The old Prussian town, with its pictur esque streets, and its dreamy reminis cences of past grandeur, was more to her taste than the fashionable frivolity of any modern watering-place would have been. The hotel selected for them was in a pretty situation, facing the fountain Eloise, and from the windows of their sitting room they had a pleasant view of the crardens of the baths oppo site, which are very beautiful. Aix contains another of the grand old cathe drals of the continent with which they were specially delighted. It was a market day, and the scene in the in terior was one of a great singularity, and to an English eye very striking. Groups of country people,~with their heavily laden baskets of fruit, eggs, butter, and other simple produce of their farms, kept dropping in, and silently kneeling on the stone floor, offered up their prayers for a blessing on their day's work and then as silently departed to join the busy throng, outsid ?, where laugh, and jest, and busy barter were going noisily on, under the very walls of the church where they so lately offered up their petitions. : Blanche 'looked on with wondering interest. ' Surely,* she said to Mrs Bertram, 'there must be something more in the Catholic faith than we Protestants can understand. It is so completely a part of themselves, so mixed up with their daily life.' ' There must be something,'1 her friend said ; ' bat for my part I don't wish to understand it. I hold all Catho lics in abhorrence.' Blanehe smiled to herself. She could not make Mrs Bertram under stand what she felt upon the subject; and she knew her to be a rigidly ortho dox churchwoman, eo she held her peace. From the sombre stillness of the grey old cathedral, they sauntered out into the market — perhaps the liveliest that could be found anywhere. The bright dresses of the peasantry* arranged with that splendid eye for colour which cha racterises the Germans ; the tempting piles of fruit and- vegetables, incredibly cheap ; tho snowy awnings which cov ered the stalls ; and the grey old cross in the midst, round which Charlemagne and his warriors clustered, as the peaceful market people cluster now, formed a picture which the artist eye of Blanche at once took in, and never forgot. 'What do yon think of all this?' she asked of Walter, who followed with a basket for the numerous p urchases of the party. 'It's- like an old picture,' he an swered. 'One sees snch scenes in painting3 ; I nevor thought they were real.' The little Henry enjoyed the travel ling as much ns tho rest of the party. Already his infant mind seemed to pos sess the sense of the beautiful which is inherent in some natures ; and he fre quently astonished his grandmother and Aunty Blanche, as he was taught to call her, by singling out 6ome objects of beauty. He bid fair to be a noble boy —frank, lively, and generous ; and but for his recent illness, strong and healthy, ' Blanche and his grandmother idolised him ; and Waltor would have spoiled him to his heart's content, but for Blanche, who saw the evil and spoke to him of it. 'I can't help it,' Walter answered, ' he is such a dear child.1' 'He 'is indeed,1' Blanche replied; but ho will not always 'be 'a child, you know, and I would have him— ' Be like his father,' she would have added ; but the words died upon her lips, and her eyes filled with tears. 'He will be all you wish, I know,' Walter said ; ' but I 'won't spoil him, Miss Blanche ; I will be as grave and sedate as the primmest old nurse.'1 And Master Harry coming in with his grandmamma at the instant, forth with attacked his larger playfellow ; and such a game of romps ensued that the ladies adjourned to the balcony to be out of the attendant dust and racket. ' Where is all Walter's promised gravity ?' said Blanche with a laugh. hair, which was just brushed, I think,' said Mrs Bertram; ' There, there goes the string. of his pinafore. Whatever will Jane say to all this, 1 wonder?' Jane was the maid they had engaged in London, and who, although very fond of the child, had notions of her own on tho subject of appearapceSj and mourned grievously over tbe^requenti dilapida tions consequent upon- the games of play in which Walter was a sharer. ' Oh? Jane will have- to mend- his pinafore, '' said Blanche, ' and Walter shall take him to her and make his peace the best way he can. ' 'Oh, that's too cruel !' said Mrs Bertram, ' lor do you know Jane can scold.' . ? ' 80 I believe, ' Blanche said, 'Walter was my informant. ' ; '????? She put her head into the room. 'Walter,' said she, .' take Harry to Jane and tell her.' .- ? - ; Walter made a comical grimace of discontent at the mission, as he surveyed the child's torn pinnfore. . « Tf l-!o linir pnnlri hfi hmshnd first. Miss ; ' he said, ' you don't know what I shall have to undergo. '']?. Blanche laughed. ' Take him just as he is, ' she said. ' It \i ill be a good punishment for you for breaking your word ; you were to be so 'grave and sedate, you know. ' Walter took the little fellow on his shoulders, and laughing left the room. ' From Aix the travellers took the rail to Brussels, where they spent ano ther night. They arrived sufficiently early in the day to take a look about them at the principal lions of the city. The park with its countless poplar trees and its hundreds of cane-bottomed chairs ; the cathedral with its glorious altar piece ; the notei ae v me wiin us famous market place, with its world renowned mannikin, were all visited ; and when night came on, and they re turned to their hotel, they were so fati gued that they could do nothing but lounge in easy chairs, and sip the deli cious coffee only to be found abroad. They retired early to rest, first dismiss ing their courier, who grumbled sorely at his somewhat sndden discharge, but was pacified by receiving from Blanche a sum equivalent to the wages for a three months' tour. Signor Godfredo Maravelli was a man of business, and disliked to be un employed; and the night mail from Brussels, Rhine-ward, carried with it a letter addressed ' Mons. Huhert Lan nay, Hotel Geant, Coblentz, ' such be ing the address which M. Lannay gave to his acquaintance, doubtless not wish ing it to be generally known that he put up in the little cabaret at the foot of the castle rock. The epistle of the signor informed that gentleman that, having parted with Ma'amselle. Blanche de Cressey, he was at liberty to accept another engagement, and, furthermore that he would meet M. Lannay at any place ho chose to appoint. The wily Italian had more to say than he chose to commit to paper, hav ing made himself acquainted with all the business of tho party who employed him, the reason for their sudden return, &c.; There was one circumstance which escaped his watchful eyes, however, and that was the supposed ghost which Walter had seen.- Ho had been away from Bonn on that evening and knew' nothing about it. Blanche saw him de part with a feeling of relief. ' I am so glad to get rid of him, ' she said to Mrs Bertram. ,' His eyes seemed to be everywhere ', at; once; I always used to fancy he was listening at the doors.' . '. ' : ?«.' I did not like him,'; she answered, ' ho was too servile, too obsequious ; he reminded me of a tiger.1' 'I once saw a picture,' Blanche went on, ' of a man with uplifted hand about' to strike an old, man in his shop ; and ever since this Maravelli has beon about us, that picture has seemed pre sent to my imagination. I could fancy him just the man. to do such a deed.'1 'My dear Blanche,' Mrs Bertram said, 'your artist eye makes you fancy all kinds of things ; but like yon, I am glad he is gone, for his face was any thing but a pleasant one.'' They little thought how near their surmises were to the truth, and that even as they started on their pleasant jour ney towards Antwerp the object of their conversation was speeding as fast as rail and steam could carry him to his appointment with Lannay. The road between Brussels and Ant werp i-s perhaps as beautiful a line of rail as any in Europe. The curious looking villages, with their painted houses of all imaginable colours, like the toys so common in the English toyshops, have a very curious effect. They specially remarked this as the tram stopped at the Thirlmont sta tion ; and they looked down from a great height on one 01 tne mosi .curious places'on theline. . Blanche laughed heartily as she looked down from the carriage window into the quiet and picturesque valley, in which the town is situated. ' Well,' she said, ' I never had much faith in the 'correctness ot children's toys, but I shall now. Look at these tall, narrow houses ; do not they look as if they had been turned out of those toy boxes, labelled, 'A Village,' that we sec in every toy-shop in England ?'' 'They do, indeed,' Mrs Bertram answered. ' Houses; trees, and .every thing.' -.;.-?..? ' And the very, church,' Blanche went oh ; ' the steeple looks as if it had just come from a turner's lathe.' ' Well, 1 don't like the look of it,' her friend replied. 'An English vil lage looks much prettier from a distance than that outlandish place.'1 'Ah! but the Belgians don't see with our eyes,' Blanche said. 'Those tall poplars, and red, blue, green, and yellow houses are much more to their taste than our thatched cottages and shadowy oaks would be.' ' I suppose so,' the widow answered, leaning out of the window to catch the last sight of the pretty prospect as the train rushed screaming on. Along the high embankment of the line they went, stopping ever and anon at country stations ; and then with the defiant note of a horn replacing the shrill whistle in use in England, speed ing away again. Passed Verviers, with its bustling platform, its civil attendants, and its stately refreshment rooms, adorned with portraits of the reigning royal family, painted with more flattery than skill. Past Liege, with its hundreds of tall chimneys — a very Birmingham in ap pearance; — where all the rusty eagles and broken bayonets are manufactured which enrich tho guides on the field of Waterloo. Past Bruges, with its old clock-tower looking silently down upon the busy world beneath, as if it would compare the plodding business life of the present with the stirring times of long ago, when the clang of arms resounded at its foot, and armed knights went forth to battle, while loving eyes looked on and bade them ' God speed.' Past Mechlin, whoso lace-like towers remind the traveller of the delicate fa bric of its staple manufacture :pastglow ing cornfields and quiet villages : on, on, while the sun declined and the air grew heavy with tho evening scent from the gardens by which they flew. ' This must be Antwerp,' Mrs Ber tram remarked, as the tall spires of a city became visible in the twilight. ? '' Yes Madam, that is Antwerp, 'said a traveller at her side. ; Blanche felt her heart beat thick and fast as the train slackening speed, moved slowly into the station. ? ; 'Antwerp,' she said to hers elf. ' What.if anything should hare hap pened to my, fathor or sister !' A hand was put in'at the window al most before the train stopped, and the familiar voice of Mr Acton greeted Blanche with a pleasant welcome. ' I am so glad to see you,' ho said. ' ' Travelling has clone you no harm, I see.' ' It didn't do her much good till she heard from you, sir,' Walter said re spectfully. ' I think your letter brought back the roses a bit.' 'And how is Mrs Bertram ?' asked the kindly lawyer, bustling about and making all sorts of inroads on other people's luggage in his endeaTonis to help Blanche. ??'?.??? ' And my young friend, to ?' kiss ing the child who lay sleeping in Jane's arms. 'But come along ; yon must he very tired, and I have got something more substantial than dry biscuits and crum bling sandwiches to offer you.'' : . He led the way, as he spoke, to a comfortable carriage, and the wcsTy party were speedily driven to a comfort able hotel where Mr Acton had estab lished himself ; and where he had secured private apartments for thepaity. 'I have a small sitting robnvfor you, Miss de Cressey, ' he said as they were ushered into a spacious drawing-room where a plentiful repast was laid out ; ' but you will favour me by making a good meal before yon inspect yonr room. Allow me to do the honours;' and dis missing the servants, he proceeded to pour out the coffeo and wait upon the two ladies, who were too tired to object. ' 'Now, Miss de Gressey, ' he said, when the meal was ended, ' I will show yon your RiUihg-room.' '?' Blanche was about to make an objec tion on the score of fatigue but' there was a queer expression on his face which prevented her, and she followed him. ' . At the door of a small room, he paused, and throwing it open, said — 'This is the room, Miss Blanche; I hope you will like it,' and turning quickly round, closed the door. '. Blanche was startled, at conduct which appeared to her so strang-e, find her hand was on the handle of the door, when a figure sprang from a sofa on the opposite side of the room ; a pair of soft arms were thrown round her necfc ; a gentle voice cried, ' Blanc lie ! sister ! Don't you know me ?' and with a flood of joyful tears she sank into the embrace of her sister. (To he continued.) A Strange Maiuiiaoe.— Last week one of the officers of the county police was sent to G-reenock to bring a prisoner through to Edinburgh. The prisoner is a young woman belonging to Invernesshire, who has lieen 'wanted' by the police for some time back on the charge of personating a man. Last year she worked for a considerable time as a labourer in the neighbourhood of KirUnew ton, and so masculine was she in appearance that none of her fellow -workers suspected her of belonging to the softer sex. By raid by she fell in love with a young woman, a native of lreland,andthe two were ultimately married. Ifor a while they lived together, happily it is said ; but a quarrol having taken place, the wife informed the police of the true sex of her 'husband.1' The latter did not want a visit from the ' gentlemen in blue,' and at once made good her escape from the neighbourhood. She was not lieanl of until the other day, when she was appre hended at Greenock, where she had hy.n working as a labourer. The police were communicated with, and an officer was sent to bring the prisoner to Edinburgh. —Home News. Dutch Prudeey. —7 The Ciucinnalli Enquirer's Deutsch poet is shocked at the nude small boys on the new fountain. Ho expresses himself well on the sub ject: — 'Der Shrnall Poy stands on dor Fountain, Und he don't got on any close, Und dem young girls dcy all blush, and say — ? Vat he means by such couduct asdose?' ' Lauka D. Faih, the Fair Mubdeeess. — The Oalifornian papers report that in the case of Laura D. Fair, the murderess of the Hon. Mr Crittenden, the Supreme Court has decided in favour of a new trial on two legal points, one being that ovi depco was wrongly admitted as to the prisoner's character, and the other tiafc her counsel was refused tho right of mak ing the closing speech* 