THE LAST THREE DAYS OF RAND- WICK. BY AUGUR. Now that it's all over, and the favourite has won the great Metropolitan of 1872, folks of a turfy turn will begin to devote their minds to the greatest of all Australian turf events, the Melbourne Cup; but before entering into a dissertation upon the prospects of the uumerons clippers engaged in that im portant race, a retrospective glance at the incidents that occurred during the last three days of the Randwick Meeting will doubtless prove palatable to those who were not present to witness the many exciting contests that took place. To go over the old beaten track of describing the attendance, the appearance of the course, and to cavil at the manage ment of the A.J.C., would be as uninteresting to my readers as it would be monotonous to me; therefore, 1 shall at once plunge into the more pleasant portion of the business. The Metropolitan day opened somewhat inaus piriously for the backers of the favourites, as Loup Garou, upon whom 2 to 1 was freely laid, had to succumb to the smart little ches nut gelding Wombo by a neck. No excuse could be offered for the Derby winner, as he fot first away, but Johnny Smoker and avelin made it so hot for him during the first portion of the jonrney that he was unable to collect himself together, and when the Messrs. Lee's nags Lad settled themselves, the " wolf, "manfully though he struggled into first position, was unable to shako off the " gentle man's hack," when he came with his rush opposite the Leger stand; but though de feated he was not disgraced; yet had he been the wonder bo me people thought him, he could hardly have failed to land this short race. In connexion with this event an amusing inci dent occurred, which is worthy of being re lated. Old Dunn, a jockey who has reached the three score and ten years allotted to man, and who once was looked upon as the crack horseman of New South Wales, weighed out for Engineer, carrying nearly 2st overweight He took his preliminary all right, and went to the post, but when the horse broke away, the old man thought discretion the better part of valour, cantered back to the saddling paddock, and informed his friends that he. was not going to throw his skill away on such a brute. Eye^body was pleased to see Mr. Rouse score a win in the Ladies' Mile with the big lumbering Viceroy, who defeated the favou rites easily enough ; but he is one of the most ungainly brutes that ever wore saddle, and I am surprised that his wealthy owner does not obtain a good nag or two in place of the mode rate animals that at present comprise his string. The ringmen regarded the defeats of the favourites in the first two races as a favourable omen, and when the five maiden platers underwent their toilete, their melli fluous voices were heard loudly offering even money and 5 to 4 against Loup Garou, and as Horatio and Com modore had many friends; ft was ima gined that the big son of Lord of Linne was to suffer defeat; but such an idea must have been quickly dispelled when the horses passed thestand, as it was then plainly evident that Ml oD.his opponents were playing the Derby game over again, and instead of making w attempt to go to his head, they were either waiting for him to come back to them, or one for the other to force the "inning, tactics which enabled Loup to win as he pleased, albeit Javelin's brother, Commodore, looked dangerous at the turn until he began to hang towards the rails, thereby shutting in Horatio and preventing him from making as effort I never remember a lug race to have been re garded so much of a certainty as was the Metropolitan, for though the friends of The Quack stonily maintained that the Hawkes buiy running would be reversed, and dis played their confidence by spiritedly backing the Tasmanian, the of Dagworth were positive that nothing but an accident could prevent their horse pulling through. Priam, whom I still regard as one of the best handicap hones in New South Wales, hit been suffering from a cough, but was showing signs.of recovery, yet it oozed out that he was to make running for The Prophet; Pyrrhus, who was well enough hi himself, but not woondup in the same manner as The Quack, was to perform a similar office tor the latter; and Cyclops, who had lost his form, was to do the same for his un aristocratic friend' Clod hopper. Little Dick was the same mysterious animal that he has been tor the past 18 months, and notwithstanding the acceptenceof 400 to 50 on the previous night apd the assurance that he was bound tobeat Dagworth, the public fought shy of him, albeit he started as good a favourite as Clod hopper, who had been backed for genuine money at 100 to 10 and 12. Clansman's performance on Saturday had been so far below mediocrity that ft was impossible to fancy his chancy and, therefore, U was not at all surprising to hear 1,000 to 20 and LOOO to 15. offered without leading to muck busi ness. After the usual formula had been gdne through. Mr. Gannon marshalled his forcre •to the poet, but was not successful in rending themaway ton good start, King of the Ring apd Vixen being all behind when the . flag dropped. As . was anticipated, Cyclops. Prixhns, and Pnam at once singled themselves hut fer the pioneering business, and as Blue PfetePs only chance of success was to get to the' front and keep there, be, too, was in the vsn .when they came up the straight At hofever. Dagworth had been can noned against, and knocking up against The awaaaw occurence the two favourites were only jost in front wKing of the Ring and Vixen as the hill, but The Qoack threaded the ruck, and up the at might ^.fontidetaMy improved his potitionTwh&e; Shielae bkd judidoudy taken his horse optsldeu and mating the id he was one of the firttreren. _>mPrf*tn.and Pyrrhus doi^thebbX ^fjtQwrBtabie companloh, while Blue Peter i snuggling to eet to the front 4 fret ^ pnMng pp to Blue it he beaded him. and ranwith htm ia. 7 .z...Jed him, and ran^ritn him for ■ * -c -i*' ---fni. jan shooting out quickly, settleu Pretensions. Hail a mile from bbme tro colours of Mr. Town looked ex ceedit^gly dangerous, having a dear lead of " be seemed to fndrease it the ring frantically shouted ^'Clansmanwins in* trot f but it wawrt Mf over. as Dftgworth had been waiting for mQuadcm-make his effort, and the latter dbtipgso, theHawkeebury hero was at his tidfe lii a moment Amid intense exdtement 'S3 ^ to closer to 0^.Ler* *" §« rounded the home tuirin with a clear lead, the shouta of "Clansman _in a trot/' were repeated. He was only leadingon sufferance, however, ash reminder ortwo from Shields brought Dae wo^thto Clansman's tide, after which the womire uianeman's wde. after which the ^ jtoubt « the favourite's pU6t,yltb his hands on bis horsed withers quietly watched the chesnut to the finish' . him without any perceptible effort by a length and a quarter— just about tbe same distance that he beat The Quack at Hawkesbury. Of course the victory of tbe black jacket was hailed with applause, and so would the second or third have been, as the owners are popular men, and justly so, too. King of the Ring ran the great colt I have always maintained him to be, bat The Prophet did not come up to the expectations of his friends, and Pyrrhus and Priam having been sacrificed for their stable companions, they conld not be expected to be nearer than they were. Under any circum stances, however, nothing in the race could have had the ghost of a chance with tbe win ner. I am quite willing to admit that there was reason in the excuses made for The Qaack, - who was nearly knocked down at the start, but Dagworth suffered from the same acci dent, so that even had The QuackJ been fortunate enough to have got away with the I lead, I do not believe that the result would have been different, inasmuch as it was plainly to be seen that Dagworth had the race won at \ a mile; and it is a curious coincidence that | Archer and Tim Whiffler always occupied out side positions when they achieved their greatest handicap triumphs.for Mr. De Mestre. Contrary to general expectation, the Hawkes buiy running was thus carried out almost to the letter; and those who were sceptical as to Dagworth's ability to compass two miles under 3m. 37s. must now be per fectly satisfied of their mistake. It was laughable, indeed, after Dagworth re turned from Hawkesbnry, to hear the opinions ventured by certain wise persons as to his chance of success. Like a sensible man, Dagworth's lessee gave him gentle work for the first eight or ten days, and as be did not fly round Randwick at a break neck pace, many of tbe tents proclaimed him a "gone coon." "He's off his feed," qnoth one; "a dead horse," said another, and even when he a few days before the Derby Day performed the best gallop that any of the Metropolitan hones had accom- i plished, his opponents stall clung to tbe belief that he was under a'cloud. It was not until be gave them ocular demonstration in the Spring Stakes that they were satisfied, or rather half satisfied, as they still maintained that he ought to have beaten Pyrrhus and Javelin much easier to have a show for the big handicap. However, there are none so blind as those who will not see, and they bad to pay dearly for their want of foresight. After Dagworth's victory the Melbourne Cup looked like a fore gone conclusion for - him; but though I regard his prospects most favourably, let me impress upon backers that it is better to take even money on the day than 100 to 30 now. There are many dangers to surmount—the voyage by sea; the many ills that horseflesh , is heir to, &c.; It most likewise be borne in mind that he will not only have an extra half-stone to carry, but that he will have to meet fresh horses, like Hamlet, The Ace, Barbelle, Kingfisher, Patrie, Gironde, Contessa, Emblem, Forester, to say nothing of the numerous light-weighted horses that are engaged. With health, the Cap undoubtedly looks a moral for him; bat great though the certainty may appear, no horse is worth backing at such short odds so long before the actual contest, and those who are desirous of getting on to him should re member that Circassian won the Metropolitan quite as easily as Dagworth, was just as good a favourite for the Melbourne Cup, but un fortunately didn't get near the front when the race was ran. It was reported in Sydney that certain members of the ring had offered £3000 for the horse; that his owner would have taken it, but that Mr. De Meetre, who has sole control of the horse, scouted the idea, his great ambition being to land the big double again, and thereby show those who imagined he was done when Tim Whiffler retired, that they were wrong in their calcu lations. Besides, the horse has been backed for large sums by the public, and to let him pass into the hands of the ring would savour something of a discreditable transac tion, which Mr. De Mestre would be no party to.; He has already placed three Mel bourne Cups to his credit; and no thing would give him more pleasure than to add another to the list. Friday being the "off" day at Randwick, not much interest was taken in the day's proceed ings, which ware rendered exceedingly doll by themiserable weather that prevailed. Never theless, there was some excellent racing, and it was thoroughly enjoyed by the few present The aptly- named Clodhopper, receiving 171b. and a year from The Count, just managed to appropriate the Free Handicap, after a slash ing; set-to between the pair. Tbe contrast between the first and second horses was striking indeed, the Clod being about the ugliest specimen of a racehorse that I've seen, while anything handsomer than The Count could hardly be imagined. There's no doubt that the race of the meeting was that for the Craven Plate, between Dagworth and Javelin, the|stroggle for supremacy being of the most obstinate description, and it was not ttntii the last two strides that Dagworth -could to feet his head in front of last year's Deny winner; the . verdict being gained by ashort heap only; but the victory was nevertheless more than a respectable perform anoe, eeeifig that Javelin had acquitted himself creditably throughout the meeting, though itcannethe denied that he was far from being the Javelin of (he spring of last year, when he came to " idwick. took Ids gallops unnoticed, and nished the touts by easily disposing of llet. The easy victory -of woinbo is the ce of Wales Stakes was a surprise to moat >le, as it was never imagined that he was hie of carrying his weight for j|ge in the uerhedid. It most have been annoying to . wdl, Mr. Town's trainer, to see this oast offjof the stable winning all before him, while the " cracks " were unable to scoop a and considering the form the oorky cbesnut had shown, it was surprising 1 that somebody did not go above'the offered by his owner when ha was pat sale. Notwithstanding the opposition to ypapgsten that; bad , not ;mean " a.with Loup Garou, the friends of. ■regardedthe Mares'Troduoe8takei «s,■ _ . ... r regarded the Martt'Troduo6'8takeB as good & over'jirhen the half-dozen three yeir (rids faced the starter's flag,: but there war a lot pf fiddling at the etartj and to thlsant the; 71b. penalty some peopfo attribute the farirarite's defeat Some'of itejockf '.seemed to havp made up their minds to first away, and certainly the two Victorian jockeys,; T. Endeiton and & Wilson, were \ the principal delinquents. . DopneUy, on ~ didn't seem anxious togo up to his . and Commodore commencing his ks, it was almost impossible for Mr. nob to get his field away fn 'ahythiog1 like order. Irritated beyond measure at the numerous false starts, the crowd cntside the < onus began to hoot the starts?; the pants of the grnnd stand met these signs lsapprobation with cheera. Eventually ot them away to a capital start, and ft { atonoe evident that Loup Garou was to be allowed to sail away by him Silver Fox rushing to the front, ; cutting out the work round the . but fhe Derby winner was not to {be stalled off, and after plaAng Cntts's, be was seen leading just as he did in the Derby, hut the others were oloseup, the Kibg, although lying last, befog within afow lengths of the leader.. Horatio's spurt at the S*c£ofJ-.be noembered, plBcioc & o*n w 06^, the I» wolt" whict thai Horatio was about to foUowJfii®"®? distinguished broth backward in condition, and quidkit ^ ®® ?g* -9?™,modore began to try w&®®UaW« behind them till weU to'thestiffi through when asked, and vmn «L. cLam® length, though It mnst be borne in fiwl» the'Derby winner carried a nenS^t $*** and strapping fine horse Ih^hX h ^ may have bad something to do J&i.4;^ defeat. Nevertheless, King 0t «,« & ^ia performance was a much more credibAiu,g'' thftti WAS WlfcTIAHRAd in fha Ofift : nifty have takon of ldm. he h.d DO taMtoSS tarn talSP rear when Loup took a null ^ corner. The Quack disposed of the vJ£U4ta'" field that opposed him in the cap without an effort, ClansminiSdS" hopper bemg stopped by the weighted; carried, as neither is partial to onlir7 above 7st; and the son ofPeter WiiEZ*Jg refrain from giving him further immui!?^04 the Melbourne Cup, albeit his victorr r^ hw weight for thegreat handicap to 77tS? which mil enable him to meet DmwaItI: upon 21b. better terms, instead of SlbTttl!: can be no two opinions respecting tha advancement this same Quack is msSf4 and every time that be appears in nnbH^fe improves upon any previous effort so a«? there's no telling what be may not bs aM«T^ do by the time the Melbourne Cup cmm round. Last year The Pearl ran smo^ST^ thetwoHawkesbury handicaps anHfetal pohtan, won the Sydney Handicap/^ subsequently the Cup. The Quack season has also ran second for the twohans; cam at Hawlreabnry, third for the MeSJ* and carrned off the Sydney Handicap mft* believers in coincidences are thereby induad to look forward to a similar result in the (C It was a sad thing to Bee Javelin pulled oat on the last day of the meeting for a paltrv » sovs. stake, especially to oppose such a flyer as Barbelle, whose speed over a threequarter mile coarse is something wonderful • despite the black's soreness, be would inm have beaten the chesnnt mare had not the flag fallen to one of the worst starts of the meeting; Nobody, however, could begnuke Mr. Edward Lee this solitary victory as ha had bBd to pat np with the worst of luck but little sympathy was felt for bis brother' because most people thought it bad jade' ment to bring Javelin ont again with hit legs in such a precarious state. By her triumph in the Three-year-old Honiii^p Bridesmaid proved of what sterling stuff she was made, as she was left at the post when the flag dropped, but gradually picked up ha field, and after a punishing struggle with Silver Fox, beat him by a bead. The nog would have had a rare throw-in had Mr, Brown's colt pat his bead in first, because the bulk of the pnblic outlay bad been invested on Commodore and Bridesmaid, the Fox receiving but slight attention. The Waveriey Handicap-was productive of some extraordi nary running on the part of Julian Avene! who, when passing the stand, was pulling over bis opponents, and it appeared to me that the boy bad all bis work to hold him slow 'enough for the others, but at the back of the coarse be cut it in a most surprising manner, and instead of finishing first, was absolutely last; while Vixen, who on the previous dig was a shocking bad fourth in the Free Handicap, had the Waverley all to herself, leading from start to finish. The Randwick Plate was not a very sensational affair, and the odds laid on King of the Ring wen landed without an effort. The performance, however, was nothing to boast of, as of those opposed to His Majesty not one met him upon equal terms, seeing that Bridesmaid had jot previously figured in a desperate race for the Three-year-old Handicap; Warrior was not the Warrior of old, and The Prophet had eons off; yet, had there been anything to make a pace, the Victorian oolt would have beaten such a field more than twice as far as he did. I don't remember to have ever seen a worse handicap than that which emanated from Mr. Scarr for the last race of the meeting; ana the good thing it looked upon paper resulted, as ninety.nine,persons out of every hundred thought it would, in a very easy victory for the thrown In Worn bo, who thus sooted his third success of the meeting: -Priam giving bun 101b. and finishing second to him. That the meeting, was a rocoesj cannot be denied, much of Jhedew that surrounded it being due to ^His Exoellaiej "Sir Hercules Robinson and friends, all taking a lively interest in everything that P*"®®; and by their presence lending to the seme • : cbalm which was altogether absent at the autumn gathering. Mr. Gannon'aw® several mistakes in his position as starter, but! on the whole, be pa^ 'tlmragh the ordial with credit, considering that this wm bis [first attempt atjjandwick.Jt redound considerably to the credit of the A-JiC. if bettor facilities were affordedI the members of the press for PreP®^g4:®ra reports. Mr. A. Thompson alwaysend^joun to nhake matters comfortable for the members of the fourth estatebut untfftto example of the Victorian followed, the preparation of reportsfor speew Msmieiion wiU always be a matter ot difffcolty. I was exceeding pleased to MrJBncban Thompson at bis post tbeworwy secretary of-the A. J.O. having pwUfTmowa® from bis late illness, but he is 4 | gtj[i beiiTg himself r yet the raling pssfion "jn htrlif within him. and lis numerous fcwjj I'mj eure, will - join yijth me liini a speedy restoration to rpbust beaUb. 