DENE HOLLOWTH . . H| BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST «1 Chapter IV.— The Shadow on h It wim loveiy autumn panther. Th.-- WM hurst Detwoocls were glowing fil tints mft&e; October sunmhne ; the fjrejaS flB and clmpKfete as in the swetitest day a f IBS TiuranwMiut at ttailbtjge gates of Snet| H Dene/iniSa phaeton; afcigh Iff vehicle, all the fashion at the period. Thl l01 H were iron grey; fine, valuable animals iS ii steppers, but steady withal, and much liftJr 11 their owner, Sir Dene Clanwaring. in the carriage to-day by .the side nfuf Si Gfeoffiry, who fraa driving- Seepiig outtfj? avenue right acroae the highway, Qeoffiy fate! the horses heads down, a road that lookedZf made. ' 'New it wara Sir Dene Clanwaring ted . \ out his project— some deemed it his feflSS ' lost no time in completing whathe hadLTr i mind upon,— a near way to the vfll&l;' Leet It was a fine White, broad road ; tSSj? if from Sir Dene's gates dowriwarda-rfor the awS I descended, you, remember— and windingonn S ' right Into the middle of the hamlet. Hurst 11 was proud of it. Sir Dene was proud of it, 11 had cost Sir DeaejnOre funds »teW ter brite!! pottibles a ooi to l».m apt to | the pnTaoy of hj« own i«art: but,MVwt£u he could afford it, and he said complacently flat I tiie convenience of the road would well repay H. w outlay. Some three weeks had elapsed now: ana if it was finished j and Sir Dene had driven 1 1 and up it nearly every day iff All trace ef the Widow Barber's cottage in If gone. That estimable, bat (in the opinion efU« Drew) cantankerous old lady, had been forced onl ! of her life- long home. There had teen a scene it ' her departure. Lady-day, the period by whij ehe was ordered to be gone, came and passed and Mrs. B rater had neither removed herself nfe her chattels. Another day's grace they gavehw together with a peremptory command : butthi widow did not stir. She had lived-in the old plaei for six-and-seventy years, she deeded ; she could not, in the nature ef things much longer— oh if they would but let her stay in itfor that short remaining time ! Earnestly did she pray boon as though she had been praying for her lib, Sir Dene was made acquainted wife this coot macious behaviour — doubly cantankerous writb ful Drew called her now— and he, Sir Dene, hi of wrath also, issued the edict for her ejection. Geoffry Clanwaring, ever good- hearted, alone pot in a protest, asking his father to grant the poo; distressed : woman's prayer, seconding her pfa that it could not be for long. But Sir Densahupij told his son not to be foolish — the new road-oonld not wait for her pleasure. So, on the following morning, sundry men presented themsehw it i the widow Barter's, quietly but forcibly pot her I goods outside the door, and turned her oov ud 1 pig and chickens into the road. She had to foUov 1 them : and she went meekly forth, weeping, sad I wringing her hands. Mary Barber got a coqih | of rooms for her mother and the things to tot I refage in ; and the cow and pig and fowls rat 1 sold to" the highest bidder on .the spot. Batfe 1 fact created a great deal of scandal in thenes 1 hourhood, and Sir Dene got some harsh tent. Sir Dfene excused himself by saying that the ex treme measure of ejecting her in that very sum mary manner belonged to his bailiff Drew. Bot he ceuld not get put of the faetAitst he had tores I his edict for her removal: sod Jonathan Dnv nMghfr have reasonably Mtartad <m the gwimhlan j with the question — How else was he to got to i old woman out whenite refined to go ? j As if tormented with the fear that she might craning hack again— after the fashion of tto (tip- pers in the Eretern tale— the men lost not s moment in commencing the work of destitution. Some bawka wflBD out of the tosfls ten As weeping woman waH beyond tinr, A ru mour went abroad of t what was going cm, - and . numbers of gasers oame flockiig up to watch. They stayed to see it, felting freely. The doare weraoff thexi, the windows The two chimneys oould bo no moreeeen. Walt with tbfr-work of dirauaiitiiBg, wlto tftS gootfr lying in a hejp outside, with a lebkMs raw J and pig, and what with the incrresing ipso j tators, such a stone of exmtomtet and eoo- f fusion had not been wjftpesaed by the rural popu lation in their Hvps. It remained on their rnemtow as an epoch offooal history, to be talked of d convivial meetings and related by fethor to sa'; Sir Dene €teriwmgs tanungjMt ofthi poor oft widow Barber, Who vis itigfa upon bw 1 rubbish of bricks and amrtar aa(ftSr .® P® carted away ; and an thp subsequent moromg u»e new road wte jf the upper tee oppopte tiie gptos of Beetehind Dene j at tire tower one at Hurst Iaeh 8® Dene was all impatience far tie way to o» completed, and many bads made light «o» Neier a thought oast he to the grirfJ the unhappy woman who had boon 8»®J thrust from her shell, and whose heart was breaking. Sir Dene was not by nature a hsm or hush man; but he had certainly acted bow hardly and harehly in this. "So I returned, and rouidered MitteowtoJ stons that aw done under the sun; and bdw© tbo tesw of such at wore oppressed, and they am nooomfoctor; and outiienaeof ftrasnws there was power: but tiiey had no oomfortsr. If over there was a signal exemplification ofthe truthful teaching of que, to whom God had ffvsn more than earthly wisdom, it surely existed is this iastapoot And now, —smooth, compact, levtore w bo w&g-grwo.; ota it this early noitmft ufefltes dmre down lb The hill is at this end commencing at tte WJ onset; alenghill, butageutkooe: its deioeot not atoatadl; not mohta taom good bteJJ to ohekon. speed, either down or up. No trraei. to te of tte widow's oott» of garden, jNgsty, oowshed, than if Itey mdjo existed: the new roadrtms right ftroutheirt8- As totiiomnodow Odftto her oow to r graze, Sir Done haapbugted it ap; funisiftig from the road. On the other tide, tho pithy romaini still ; the hi tomk dboro » elm trow crad bteir shadows on the ritn ® pride of 8fr Dene femwarina'ehosrt. Bteig been Sir Dene's fatoritite totetoow iroon R J? gutuskr nuMihsdidait « ivbethey had a portion of it to hollow P This was caughb up by Hurst Leet; and U rflrted into Dene's Hollow. The appellation Tluength into "Dene Hollow." Dene Hoi- Sir Dene and his eon. G-eof- \- w an experienced driver, had the reins well m band. The calm, bright, lovely autumn day waB g?«Wh?B thaGeoffry ?" asked the baronet, as ' a ,11 woman, her face nearly hidden under its i rre quilted bonnet of faded green silk, passed on thn nath, and curtsied to Sir Dene. t It is Mary Barber, sir." And Geoffry silently wondered that the woman uppn whose mother r a been committed that act ol injustice, should Miitione to render active homage to Sir Dene, uat manners in those days were widely different torn what they are in these : the reverence for the great was an institution. 'Ob, ay 5 servant at Farmer Owen's, I believe, Sir Dene airilv t for indeed the episode 3 the ejection, together with Mary Barber s plead ing visit, had well-nigh passed from his mind : at St, it bad loBt its sting of annoyance. 44 I didn't know her in that poke bonnet. How is that daughter of Owen's, Geoffry ?— she who married old Arde's relative. Any better ? — You go there sometimes, don't you?" - " To George' Arde's ? — Now and then, sirwnen f am at Worcester. Mrs. Arde is ill still." "Talking of Owen, he wants his bam Take care. Geoffi'' . , . Without the slightest warning, without any (moarent cause, the horses had started, both of them. Started violently, as if in some great terror, and sprang right across the road with a Hnund It was just in the spot where the cottage Za Been. Geoffry Glan waring did all that prac- Sed driver could do ; bat ft as as tidtliibg. The frightened animals bounded oa the bank aud off again, upsetting the phaeton. There they dtood plunging and kicking. Geoffry was on his legs in an instant ; un- ;„:„red save for a bruise on the right shoulder ind elbow— which he did not feel until later. Some men, who happened to be passing on the unnerroad, by the gates of Beechhurst Dene, ims running down. The traces were cur, one of the shivering horses fell, and \&y; still the other they soothed te quietness which gave them time to look into the condition of Sir Dene. He had been Ditched over Geofry's head, and was of course much shaken ; moreover, he could not get up with out assistance. There was some damage to one of his ankles. A severe sprain, they found ; not a fit'fflight have been worse," remarked Sir Bene. " What in the world Was it that frightened the horses, Geoffry ?" t „ "/don't know, sir : I am lost in wondering, van Geoffrv's puzzled answer. 41 There was no- thing whatever to startle them." "I am sure I saw nothing." " There was nothing. Not a creature was near us, human or animal. How shall we get you home, sir P" " Oh, I can manage to limp up, with your arm on one side, and somebody else's on the other," returned the baronet. " I hope the horses are all right. It might have been worse for all of us, Geoff, my boy.' " Indeed it might, father.' Yes it might have been worBe. But nevertheless one of the horses, in plunging, had fatally injured himBelf, and he had to be Bhot. Cole, the farrier, had a day or two's hope over it — that he could lave him—but it proved futile. Sir Dene was in a fine way over that, and told Cole he would almost as soon have been Bhot himself. The affair created nearly as much stir and talk in Hurst Leet, aB the turning out of the widow Barber had done. Two or three etenings subsequent to this, Mary I Barber Bet off to see her mother— a small jug of I buttered-ale in her hand, which Mrs. Owen had | caused Mary to make. " Buttered-ale" was a cordial thought much of in those days, and often J sent by the wealthy to the aged or sick. Mrs. Barber had found refuge with John Pound and I his wife, renting their two upper rooms, or rather, | one room and a loft ; the last being needed to stow away the portion of her spare furniture that had not been sold. The cottage was situated on i the upper road, near Arde Hall j Pound being Squire Arde's waggoner. Mary Barber put her best foot foremost ; not only because it looked likely to rain, but that the buttered-ale should reach her mother while it was hot. The old lady was seated on the bit of carpet before the fire, her head leaning sideways on a chair. " why, mother, yon be low m the world!" was Mary's salutation. " What be you down there for?" . Mrs. Barber got up without making any par- 1 ticular answer, and took her seat in the chair. I ' It's a bit shivery to-night, ain't it, child ?" she 1 ; and a spectator might have smiled at tall, I hard, bony, middle-aged Mart Barber being ad- 1 dressed as " child." I " » it's quite warm, mother." 1 Could it be that this poor shrunken creature g aB oace plump, healthy, well-conditioned H wma .bad lived in that disputed cottage ? s an M P0BBe tbafc only a few months had made great a change? Alas, yes ; and the marvel | waa that ehe had luted as long aa this. 1 Th«f u j WBB no better than skin and bone. S frofij, !sfc roundness, the cheeks their B a 0oj ' be eyes were sunken, and dim with I Burl 0Dee8 t might be seen and felt. Nothing 1 hoi- , P£aren% aded her to cause the change ; 1 f»rMu J 'tb» Bave that the appetite had I wh 1 '?' ' i Beemed not suffer. But inward grief, I mnM 1 l?,, Pee8s and excessive, induces decay K oiJ ij8? y in tbe aSed than sickness of body, i u r,e Barber's heart was broken. I rino V6 n,0t beeu to run down this last two I as we'Te had our wa8h on," said I thJI 1 0 nSratber keenly at the worn face by I morS firelight» for fihe thought it was I that ir h f n e.ver- She fancied, moreover, I ba i\ >, ? grey kmd of tin8e 06 ifc» which she I li ?baerved bpfore : and she did not much I sin ,uJ!e5,ltno.w'."®-ere,8auicedr©pofbuttered- I r tbe ha« sent j it'll do you good." I duJiT,8818i8 OV®r kind» Mary j carry back my I |yt0 herand my best thanks. But I don't feel I otMDg d touch it, child. I don't feel to want 1 candfeh" t,B aU DOQ8en8e' mtber. I'll light the I moS"? the andle> so that its light fell on her I iJ lfi? iMary Barber 8<®d well. Yes, I leadA! Ttamly gr®y to-night, with a peculiar, I bagin e I"143 be buttered-ale into a 6nd got a spoon. I cold iv theU' ,ther> BUP UP afore it's quite I cheer TS4 aboufc nofc wanting it: it'll I r not." M Wann you whether you want it I Holding the basin so that it rested on her knee< the dying woman — for she was dying — sipped a j few slow spoonfuls. Mary Bat opposite, ehatting. " Did ye hear o' the accident to Sir Dene Clan- waring, mother ?" - " Ay, I heerd oa'fc. Pound, he camo up-stairs J here o' purpose to tell me." - j " It'll cost a sight o' money to mend the car- j riage, Cole's son says. And they've had to shoot j the best horse." ' Mrs Barber, her spoon resting passive in the buttered-ale, shook her head in solemn silence. "I had passed 'emnofca mintlte before, coming up the path from Hurst Lee'-, where I had been on an errand for missis," continued Mary. " All fine and grand it looked, that turn-out; the horses, for power and safety, you might have took a lease on. Before I had well got into the upper road by the gates, there was a startling noise down there, and I looked | back. Mother, you might have floored me with a word when I see tbe carriage and the two gentlemen \ lviner on the ground and the cattle plunging." " Ay, ay," murmured Mrs. Barber. "I didn't believe my own eyes. And what had done it I could not think, for they had been going along as steady as might be. They don't know what in the world it could ha' been that the horses started at. Young Mr. Clanwaring was at our house yesterday, and I heard him tell the master that it 'ud always be a puzzle to him. Eat the stuff, mother." " It waa the Shadow," remarked the old woman, dropping her voice almost to a whisper. " I'd lay my life, Mary, 'twas the shadow." " The what ?" cried Mary. I " The Shadow." j Mary Barber, who had really not caught the word at firet, supposed that this must allude to the shadows cast on the road by tbe trees. To any one but her mother she would have met the asser tion with unsparing ridicule. " 'Twas Sot likely to have been thati mother. Why, the trees be there always j and their shadows too, when the sun's behind 'em. Them horses' j feet feel just as 'much at home amid the shadows as they do amid the stones." " I said the Shadow, Mary. Not the shadows o: the trees." "JWhat Shadow." j " The one I saw on the road." Mary Barber believed the old mind was wander ing. She stared for a minute without speaking. Eat your buttered-ale, mother.'' Instead of that, Mrs. Barber stretched out her withered arm, and put ther basin down on the table at her elbow. (< There's a shadow on that road, child. The poor dumb animals saw it aud were frightened at it. They see sometimes what man caa't see. May be, it'll come now and again at will, to lie on the Hollow.'' Mary Barber was sumcientiy superstitious her- I self, and had seen at leastjone ghost, as her friends knew ; but she was wholly at fault in this. Instead of debating the point, she stared harder than be- 1:ore at the grey face. " It's a shadow to frighten the best of horses, it is, an' they get to see it, Mary. It frightened me." "Be you a wandering, mother?" demanded Mary Barber, in rather a hard tone. " Me a wandering ! What put that in your j head, child ?" " Why, what else is it ? A-talking in this way about shadows." " How long is it since this newrosd was opened?" rejoined Mrs. Barber — and certainly, in all save the subject, she seemed to be 'quite as rational as usual. " What do they call it again — Hollow Dene?" " Dene Hollow. It's more than three weeks now." " Ay. Three weeks o' Tuesday last. John Pound, he comes up-stairs the evening afore, Mon day, that wssj and said the workmen was a clear ing off their tools, and the road 'ud be open to parish on the morrow. When the morrow came, I thought I'd put on my old red cloak and go opt and take a look at it. It was a fine, sunshiny, beautiful day, warm (September weather. I got to the place, Mary ; and I leaned my arms on the fence opposite the Dene gates, and looked at it. A fine smooth road it was, a'most fine enough to have broke an old woman's heart for. I didn't know the place again % not a brick was there left o' the poor homestead ; not as much as a stone to mark out where it had been. 'Twas all swept clean away, the walls, and the yellow jes'min that used to climb on 'em." " It's said they've got that yellow jes'min rooted now at Beechhurst Dene," interrupted Mary J Barber. " 'Twas rare aud flourishing always." 1 ' Bat while my eyes looked this way and that,'' I pursued Mrs. Barber, " a trying to tell whether J the home had stood a inch nearer or further, they I grew to see that there was a shadow lying on the I road. An awful kind of shadow, Mary, just about j in the spot where the house had stood. These j eyes saw it, child. And they'd never seen any- | thing like it afore." u Was it the shape of the house ?' questioned j perhaps as much in mockery as earnest- 1 ness. It wasn t any shape at alL It was just as tliough | a darkness lay on that part o' the hollow, or as if you were looking at it through smoked glass. Mary I'll tell you what it put me in mind of— thevallev of the shadow ©f death." J "Mother!" "It did." " I don't think it's right tosay that.' " Fd not be the one to say anything.wnmg. But truth's truth ; and the thought came into my mind aB I stood there." " What was it'like ?" questioned Mary Barber, in a eemewhat more reverent tone. " It was just a shadow of darkness ; nothing else. But there was nothing to throw it there, it made me tremble all over. I've trembled Bince when I think of it. Bandy Black came by at the moment, and I asked him to look — there has been a good deal of tall again Black in the place, but the man has always shown himself civil to me. He stopped and put his two arms on the rail be side me, and looked on to where I pointed ; but he could not see it. He couldn't see it. He said it was as fine and bright all down the new road, every inch of it, as it was that day elsewhere. But the Shadow was there, Mary, all the same. You couldn't tell where it begun or where it ended : just that bit o the road — tea or twenty yards, maybe — lay in the dark." " To hear Mrs. Barber tell this, her tone sub dued in awe, her dim eyes gazing into the fire as though she could see the shadow there, her whole manner and bearing imparting an impression solemnly earnest, brought a curious sensation to Mary. ' I will take a look myself the next lame I pass by, mother." Mub. Barber shook hpr head. " You mightn't «ee anything. I don't think yon will. Iwent out ont again the next day and couldn't see it. Brood- i ing over it here sinoe, it had come to me to that perhaps no other human eye, save mine ever will see it. Black couldn't ; but the Shadow was there all the while he looked : never a doubt g' that." " It has a curious sound to hear," was Mary Barber's answer. " Ay. But it's true. I never whs. surer of any thing in this World. Well, I'd a'niost forgot it, Mary: I thought it was just a thing, unaccountable, that had come, and passed. But when John Pound brought news o' the upset in that same spot, saying it was quite a mystery what had startled the horses, for there was nobody a-nigh, and nothing to cause it, it flashed oyer me that they must hate seen the same Shadow that I Baw — and I don't know how I felt, so struck and dumbfounded. It's to be hoped it'll never come there again. Sir Dene turned me out," added the old woman after a natine. " but I don't vist ill. Fd do bim any good if it lay in my power." " Well, mother, I feel sore at him j I can "tell yon that." | "Ay, bo did I at first. But the Iiord has been good and shown me a bit of His light. When Heaven's opening to us, Mary, we are glad to forgive those that have injured us. I didn't think enough of these things till I came here — mercy, and charity to others — and my own sins and mis takes. I never might have thought of 'em. An so — and so perhaps it has all happened for the best. One must get one's heart broken, as mine's been, before one can be at full love and peace with all the world, friends aud enemies." Mary Barber did not quite know what. to make of her mother. She had never seen her like thin. All Mrs. Barber had been noted for since she had lost her home, was shrinking, silent abstraction She would answer questions put to her, but rarely spoke of her own accord. j "I wish you'd finish that buttered-ale, mother.'' Mrs. Barber took a sip or two ; and then let the spoon fall again. 41 1 can't, Mary. The heart goes again it ; and something seems wrong with my swallow. Leave it be : maybe I'll try it later." " Shall I help you to get to bed, mother ?" 44 No. 'Tisn'fc time." " I must be going soon. Is there anything else I can do ?" "You may read just a few verses o' the Bible,; if you like. My sight's got good for nothing." . More and more amazed, for Mary had never heard such a request from her mother on a week- i day, ehe got up to reach the Bible — one .that had j been in use on SundayB as long as she could re member. But she suddenly discovered that she had not brought her spectacles with her—and upon looking for her mother'fe, could not find them. Mrs. Barber seemed disappointed. . 44 Oh well, never mind. It wouldn't have took you five minutes, Mary ?" 41 It's not the time, mother ; it is that I can't ! see. Where's the large Bible — father's ? I conld | see the print of that." j It was on the top shelf of the press by the bed, and Mary had to stand on a . stool to get it downv A large Bible covered with green baize, that had been Thomas Barber's ; one they never need. She dusted it, sat down, and read the chapter asked for— the 14th of ..St. John. Mrs, Barber listened attentively. 44 Ay, ay," she murmured when it was over, 44 many mansions there. There'll be no sorrow np there, child, mid no frightening shadow." . " I wonder what's inside this cover?" cried I Mary ; who, in passing her hand abstractedly over the green baize, found that something lay between it and the book. " There's nothing there." . . 44 There is, mother. It feels like a thicldsh letter. May I look?" 44 You can look. I know there's nothing." j Cutting the thread that confined the covering, she took it off; and found a piece of brown paper folded together, with two or three papers inside it. Had Mary Barber's pulses been given to flutter, they had certainly flattered then — for a sure prevision, like an instinct, told her what was coming. Two of them were old receipts for rent : the other was the missing paper, given by Mr. | Honeythorn. I 44 Here it is at last, mother !" I But the time had gone by for Mrs. Barber to he | moved about anything in this werld. She just I looked round from the fire, but did hot take the j document in her hand. 44 1 remember now : I did put it there. I never thought of the Bible when we were looking for it. Every other place but that. You'll show it to Sir Dene, Mtary, that he may see what I said was true." 44 Yes, FU show it to Sir Dene — and to others also," was the emphatic answer. Mary Barber wished her mother good night, again urging the buttered-ale upon her, and de parted, the pamper safely stowed away in her pocket. She stepped into Mrs. Pound's kitchen, to say a word. 44 You'll give a look up to mother afore you go to bed, Matty Pound ? She seems queer to-night." 44 How — queer ?" asked Matty Pound, who sat mending her husband's Sunday coat. 44 Well, I hardly know. She don't serai like she always doss. She won't drink the buttered- ale I brought." Mrs. Pound thought the state most be serious not to take that. 44 Fll be snre and go up," said she. 44 And if she should be worse in the morning, send little Jaok to the farm to let me know, please. Our wash is not got up yet, and I can't possibly get out afore night— unless it's for something par ticular. If she should become ill, we must get Mr. Priar to her. Good night, Matty Pound." Matty Pound responded to the salutation, and Mary Barber went home. The paper -in her pocket felt as good as though it had been a hun dred-pound note there. 4< My poor mother always said she hoped the paper would come to light before she died. Sir Dene'll see whether she was tellinglies now iad Jiathan Drew, he'll see — but he's not wrath a thought o' salt." On the following morning, Mary Barber was toasting some bacon in the kitchen for her master's breakfast, when she was surprised by the appear ance of John Pound. Not little Jaok | John him self. He came to bring her ill news— which he got out awkwardly. Mrs. Barber was dead. Matty Pound had seen her to bed the night before, all comfortable. Upon going into the room in the morning, they found her dead. She had died quietly in her sleep. 44 The Squire lolled me to come t'ye,' cried Pound to the dismayed Mary Barber. "He was passing, and heard what 'twas, and said 4 Go up at ©nee, never mind t' work for a bit ' Matty says there baint no call to fret too much : Bhe must ha gone off wi'out pain, as quank as a lamb." Ay. The broken heart was at rest.— Ms Arsityr |xe aa ooaramapA 