THE ROUTE ACROSS THE CONTINENT. Our correspondent, 'Central Australian, has continued his interesting communications as to the character of the country traversed by the Overland Telegraph Lino. In No. VI. he srives an account of tne territory lying between tne Peake and Macumba Creek. Much of it he describes as being well watered andgraBsed. At the Neales Waters fish were caught. Further on the nardoo plant was met with, and quail, waterbiens, and curlews were seen in consi derable quantity. From No. VII. we extract the following: — At the Claypans, where we camped the first night after leaving Makumba, we found belts of timber, amongst which were many flowering shrubs. One of them exactly resembles a good sized fuchsia, with a flower particularly like the blossom of that plant, but not quite so large. At Arielkoorina, we had a visitation of rats and owls. The latter are no particular nuisance, but gives one a strange feeling, especially if whilst disinclined to sleep it should happen that their weird cry broke in on a desperate brown study. The owls hunt the rats, and sometimes a strange struggle ensues, but it always terminates in a victory for his owlship. This creek is named the Three Forges for easo, and because at one time some Government parties camped and built forges, at which they repaired their drays, &c.; On our right we saw the Edith or Dalhousie Springs — a. line of waters extending in a northerly direction from a little above Johnson's Creek for 30 miles. Here the country assumed the old pumice-stone appearance like that near Mount Margaret, but with the pleasant addition of plenty of good grass and an occasional belt of myalls to break the monotony. At the Opossum Big Waterhole we found a splendid body of water, sweet and clear. Around the edge there is native mint in great quantities, and in the immediate vicinity I noticed a pretty dark-blue conyolulus which had an odour of hawthorn about it, also a Bmall flower like the scabius, but red. The plains are covered with pretty daisies having yellow centres with white outside, or yellow with lavender. There is also a small bush like the thyme in flower, a yellowhyacinth, abeautif ul primrose also yellow, with other flowers, which gave this place a pleasant aspect; but as every rose has its thorn, it was not surprising to find ours in the shape of a dense cloud of musquitoes that enshrouded us during the greater part of the night, leaving us an addendum in the form of a host of flies, which took up the running at the spot and time where the musquitoes gave in, As may be supposed there was something like game about, and we came near to potting a stately-looking turkey, but were so far unfor tunate as to have to fire from too great a distance. This is the only turkey shot at since leaving, and the third I have seen on the road. Between the Opossum and Moonlight Creek several belts of red mulga were passed through, and we crossed a creek so often as to consider the way one interminable dry creek crossing. Of course the road was heavy, and it was with much satisfaction the Abuiinga Creek was reached, where we had, however, to go one mile to the eastward for water. That when found fully repaid for the trouble of hobbling over the stones to get,, as it was the best had since leaving Adelaide. - \ As the next camp was tho Charlotte Waters we made an early start, and got in about 2 p.m., where was met Mr. C. Giles, the officer in charge, with a hearty wolcome and— a dinner! It must not be supposed that we had ever been without dinner, but it was a long time since we had sat down at a tablo. Picnics as a rule are pleasant, because they are rareaud brief, but a perpetual picnic such as has been enjoyed (?) since Octeber 2 is wearisome. The most is made of the position, and we are extremely thankful for a break like that afforded at the Charlotte Waters. This is rather a large camp. All the construc tion party of the Government Telegraph Section A and B, and all the operators with most of their assistants for Stations 1, 2, 3, and 4 being here. The building at this station— No. 1— is in course of erection. According to the plan there are to be nine rooms altogether, but four only have been commenced, and the walls are about six feet high. The material is a peculiar hard white stone — a mixture of what appears to be pipe clay and sand. It can be obtained in fine large blocks at a place about eight miles from here, that was discovered by Mr. C. Giles. One tank has been excavated, and as the mason who is to see to the cementing of this necessary work has arrived, and the cement will be here soon, the water storeroom will BC»n be completed, as will the rest of the building. Meantime the Stationmaster and assistants must do a little Israelitish business, and live in tents. It is very warm, but a change is impending. Therd are few aborigines about, but a number of native dogs and some rats. It has been determined that the operators for 2, 3, and 4 shall start ahead of the vehicles, so as to be at their posts by the end of the year. The others will remain with the drays carrying the batteries, &c;, and urge them on. No. VIII. The country from the Charlotte Waters north- , ward thus far is decidedly better than anything seen yet; but it is unfortunately badly watered in dry seasons, and liable to bo very wet in others. The soil is almost all sand, of a saffron colour, and its depth ranges from six inches to as many feet. This sand forms into ridges part of the way, say from 60 miles north of Charlotte Waters,-one succeeding another for a distance of about 50 miles. Through this soil the pulling is terribly heavy and the progress corre spondingly slow, but there is some compensa tion for the sandy monotony in the unproved appearance of the country. At nearly 100 miles from Charlotte Waters the River Finke is joined by the Hugh, and the road leavesthecourseoftheformerforthelatter, which it continues to follow and cross repeatedly. At this time of the year both are dry, but it is believed that water can be had in either at any low-lyiBg point by digging a foot or two. Running into these rivers on each side are beautifully well-grassed gullies abounding in shrubs of varied size and description, also with fine. Eheaoak and stunted pine-trees. These gullies, ending as they generally do at the river bank, seem to lead the traveller in all instances direct from the upland of sand to a verdant forest, for the gums that grow along the banks end the view, forming a charming' sylvan picture. The shrubs hereabout flower profusely; and as the various blossoms have a nice scent it is quitq a pleasure to travel amongst them. There are violet, orange, pale blue, pink, yellow, purple, lavender, and lilac blossoms at every step, and as they contrast with every variety of green the . effect is lovely. Of course we have mulga, myall, and wattle, also what some of the travel lers decide on calling native orange ; but it is a perfect pomegrauate, and although not just now quite- ripe, the fruit is well formed, and ought not. to be mistakable. At present the fruit is about the size of hen eggs, but quite green ; it has the smell of chlorodyne and the usual sweet bitter taste. The native orange is altogether different from this, which already shows the purple pomegranate pips inside the skin. At a place where the Alice Creek joins the Hugh River were found two holes dug, and whilst camped one night was received the mail from Adelaide with papers of November 25. The bag had been sent on to overtake us from Charlotte Waters. This night there arrived a team from the North going down country, and enquiries were made of the persons with the dray for one of our party who had been lost sight of for over a week, but thoy had not seen or heard aught of him, nor could we by any means find out where he was ; meantime the party pushed ahead, making as good use of the time as possible. When about four or five miles from Rocky Camp, on the Hugh, and almost abreast of Mount Burrell, a horse in one of the teams re ceived a sunstroke, and within an hour was dead. The heat was intense, but in the evening a fine thunderstorm and shower cooled the air a little for a brief period. Two days later it rained again, and the following day more showers fell. These are. doing much good in keeping [the grass fresh, but I am afraid there was not enough rain to replenish the water in the holes . and creeks, which seem to be drying rapidly. At Rocky Camp a snake, which, was over five feet in length and had a good-sized rat inside, was killed, and one of tho party skinned the reptile, intending to make a belt. The skin was beautifully marked, and this being the time that snakes appear to best advan tage, it shines brilliantly in the sun. At Minnie's Creek the company camped in one of the prettiest natural basins ever seen. It is completely surrounded by low grassy hills, the herbage is green, and water is abundant in a fine rocky pool close at hand, whilst all around the blossoming shrubs looked their very best, and glittered like countless diamonds in the setting sun. We camped; it was just after a shower, and tho general effect was grand. A Terrible Journey. The relation of an unfortunate aud disastrous affair now comes, and it seems best to give the facts as they were told by one of the persons concerned. He said:— On or about the 2nd of this month, whilst we were all at Charlotte Waters, anxiously awaiting the arrival of drays that were expected daily with battery material, we had to fit up before proceeding. It was decided by Mr. Clarke, who is in charge of .the telegraphic operators, that as the 31st was rapidly approaching, and as the operators for Stations Nos. 2, 3, and 4 were respectively 250, 450, and'650 miles or so from their stations, it would be advisable that the three should push on ahead of the main body, and by forced march reach each one his station before January 1, 1872, to be prepared to work should the line be ready.' Good horses would be supplied, of course, and fresh ones could be had in exchange to go on from No. 2. He reckoned that at 30 miles a day, and a push on the 8th, after starting, the officers could make Station No. 2 by the evening of the 12th, Station No. 3 on the 20th, and Station No. 4 on the 28th, the start to be made from Charlotte Waters on De cember 4. We got the route written out, eight days' provisions packed on a horse, three swags on another, and each man mounting his horse said good-by, and in high spirits left. We made the Goyder that night, and camped. This was the first stated stopping-place, and is 30 miles from Charlotte Waters. We had had to thrash one, apparently the better of the pack horses, to get him to the camp in time. On the 5th we made the first crossing of the Finke after a deal of trouble with that same nag, and it was now made clear that he could not go the stages. We had made about 29 miles, and had to go 33 on the morrow. On the 6th we bad trouble all the way, and had to go very slowly, when we ought tohavetravelledashade faster; and nearsunsetwe found ourselves at a place where the track went to the left of the line down a gully that evidently went to the crook. We followed this track about five miles, at say barely two miles an hour. The pack-horse absolutely refused to stir, when we removed his pack to a saddle horse and walked ahead, leaving the useless brute behind. About half a mile further the Hugh was reached at a place where it was per fectly dry, and we had to go thirsty to bed. In the morning, whilst two packed up and loaded the hoises, a third went to find the animal we left behind on the previous night; but the horse had not been too tired to travel off, and was therefore nowhere to be found. As we had no time to hunt up a lazy useless brute, and knew he would be sure to make to the water, where the party coming up behind would find him, we started, and having found a pool up the Hugh about two miles we breakfasted, and rearranged the loading. Tho solitary pack horse had to carry tha load, also tb,e saidlg of. tho other boast, and each of us took his swag oa\ in front. By this means wo carried all tho things, intending at the first good camp to leave any surplus, such as tho extra pack saddle, &c;, for the wagons behind to pick up. About 5 o'clock we arrived at the junction of the Hugh and Alice Creek, and as it was set down in the directions that water could also be got eight miles from this point, it was deter mined to push on a little further. We camped that night without water, and, making an earif start, got to the supply ahead for breakfast. Wo had ridden only about 20 miles, and were not content with this slow progress. It would have been better had wo stayed at the Alice and Hugh altogether. Just after sunrise on Decem ber 8 we left the camp, and made for water. Our hearts were as light as the morning wa» beautiful, and we pushed on steadily; first one and then another singing snatches of this or that song, until it struck us we had certainly gone fully the distance wo ought to have travelled, and we began looking about. By this time the sun waa very warm. The horses felt it soverely, and t» did we^especially as wo had not yet had break fast. We examined the track carefully for the leading-off one that was to take us to tho water. We hunted for that, followed track after track, and with every fresh disappointment the desire for what we sought seemed to increase intensely; at the same time it became evident that the horses were getting distressed. The empty pack-saddle was taken off the pack-horsa and stuck in a tree with a note attached, and off we went again, but had not gone far when a saddle-horse .laid down in tho road. This vru convincing proof that the horses wero becoming knocked up, and every likely place was tried for the only thing that would relieve them and set ourselves up again. Therefore wo continued pushing on as well as we could, and oh, joyt came to a tree in a creek on which was read ui letters punctured in tin and affixed there the announcement that water was to be had at the junction of that creek and the Hugh, about a mile from that spot; the next water by the road ten miles, or what we took to be such. Off we sped down the creek. What to us was a mile of hot sand and pebbles now — wo would have water in a few mimites, and all would bo well. We got to the place, looked at the hole, found it dry, dry ; went down the Hugh in tho hot sand and blazing sun, but gave that up, and returned. We dug with hands; tomahawks, knives— wa had no shovel— but still no water could bo got, and the terrible disappointment made all now feel the want much more than would havo been tho case but for being assured by the punctured tim. announcement that water was to be had there about ; besides, the efforts in the scorching white sand, walking in it to a depth of six inchoi, digging as far as our arms would reach, por spiring and choking, had thoroughly exhausted two of us to such an extent that we had to lio down and rest. Then the question arose, 'what are we to do?' It was getting late; we had certainly now 11 miles to go for water, with a doubt of getting it then, as it also was said t» be in the Hugh, and the two of us who worke* were now absolutely exhausted. After muck debate it was determined to follow up the channel of tho Hugh, which took a course a little west of that followed by the road, and try for water at any likely spot. Away, the«, through tho hot sand, to and fro, first to otto place on the east side, then back ovor a hundred yards of sand to what appeared a certainty c* the west, but still upward and still unsuccessful, until the Hugh turned too far westward, aud we determined to leave it, cut the track, and follow it to water if we could. Taking an obtuse angle, by about 5 ?'clook wo struck the telegraph line, and tho two who had worked in thp sand being now thoroughly 'done up' lay on the ground. The proposal was made that as the pack-horse was in need of a spell, tko saddle-horse that had .succumbed before could now hardly travel, two of us were really knocked up, and as the water could not surely be over five or six miles off at furthest, the third man should take bis own and the other comparatively fresh saddle-horse, and with three water-bags proceed at his best speed. There was, it seemed, time to got to the water before dark, and therotum was easy cither by road or line. Besides, the third member of the party was really fresh, and being the lightest would affect the horses the least. .The proposition was 'jumped at;' away he went promising to bo back soon, and we meantime felt assured that the rest would serve tho two tired horses that remained, and enable them to go on after all had a drink. We waited, thirsted, and still waited through many hours of a very close warm night, but . still no water came, and as patience had run out when the moon rose we packed up, aad leading the horses started on foot after the messenger. It would be impossible briefly to tell all th» speculations made and discussed to account fur his non-return. He had abandoned us! H» had lost his horses! He had lost his way! But, horror of horrors, he had not found water! Theae with many other surmises arose, and none bid. any comfort in them for us, who were noir almost speechless and helpless for want of a drink. Wo made little progress; the horses travelled slowly, and we had often to lie dowa, put our nostrils close to the ground, and thereby obtain a breath of comparatively coot air— a thing we could' not get whilst walking. The sun rose red; no doubt the sight was grand — thegod of day in all his majesty and by his glorious light obliterating the effect of the pale moos and still paler stars; but we had no eye for tho beautiful in. nature this morning. We felt rather that the weather prognostications of old , people, who tell us that a red sunrise means a not day,' were likely to bo realized to our parti cular disadvantage; and it was so. for a hotter day it would be almost folly to desire or seek. We got to a creek at last, and this must cer tainly be the ( ' Rooky Creek' of the written diree tions it was thought, for we had now certaiWy come far more than 10 miles from that notice on the tree. How gladly we hailed the creek; howwil lingly admitted that it was very ' rocky,' although the largest rock seen would have satisfied a rabid macadamist, and gone clean through a two and a half inch ring; but it was ' Rocky Creek' surely. We followed down— how far cannot be said — then left the creek and sought elsewhere, but got no water; and as ever and anon we had t» get back to the road in case the messenger with the water should havo returned, we wearied. oursel7es going to and fro, and, although tra velling much, did not go far, and so Saturday passed away. On Sunday we could hardly fitir. WMt I had oaen doing at intervals I cannot say, but I think my dreadful giddiness then and deafness now to Dt- in some way the result of the sufferings then experienced for want of wator, and my conpanion says I talked an awful lot of 'bosh.' I am sure he did— 'gabbled' is the word— unintelligibly, and laughed occa sionally, but somehow we managed to try again for water in the creek — it must be there— and so at it we went again on Sunday morning, wearing finger nails off and drawing blood from the fingers until our want of success left but one re? ource — one horse might bo shot, and it» , blood would help us to make an effort to get on. We shot a horse— the weakest— and having got what we desired from that souroo, again sought the road and rested. We had a good supply of, liquid now— a quart-potful each— and might rest a little before starting, and we did. At last when wo had partly emptied our quarts, and had to violently shake -what remained before we could make any part of it liquid, we joined our strength and put on the pack-saddle, with some bread, tea, and sugar only, and getting on the top of all, let the horse go. Neither tasted food from Thursday night, the 7th— could not swallow if we. had tried— aad were too weak to guide the horse, which had only a halter on; therefore he did much as he liked, aud as be chose to take us in the way we wanted to go, why, we let him, or rather, ho took us. How hot it wast The sun poured down upon us, and I really thought we should never get over the plaint; buc we did. We sat and suffered; the poor horsa crawled, and doubtless also suffered. He seemed to go at the rate of about half a mile an hour — he could not have gone a mile an hour— but whether one or the other it seemed an eternity before we got to the timber. On we crawled, until on rising a bank we «aw the bed of the Hugh once more. The horse pricked up his ears, mended his pace, reached tho steep rocky bank, and of a sudden (thank the Lord !) we «aw water — a small pool 18 inches by 30, and only, a foot deep ; but water. Down tho steep hill we went, got off the bores'*; back somehow, and simultaneously man and beast plunged into the blessed liquid to satisfy an appalling thirst that bad lasted from 8 o'clock on Friday mom Dg. Doceiftbor 8. uutU frbout 2ptHU Q» fa Sua day following. And now the question what had tecbme of our companion arose. We could not tell, of course, nor could we find strength all at once to try to discover. We rested the balance of that day, eating nothing, but 'swigging' water like a couple of dissipated fishes. On Monday, the 11th, we determined that as we «ould not go forward we would go back and '' meet the wagons. If our companion had gone out, he would be all right ; if he had gone back, it was our duty to follow and help him, and, failing to find him, give the alarm at least. Monday was, however, lost, because we had to manufacture a water-bag ; and to do that it was necessary to get at one of the swags in which, was some canvas. The swags and packs were therefore brought forward ; we then found that we had travelled about four miles the previous day. The bag was made, and filled with water to soak it, and on Tuesday, having first planted our companion's swag and some bread, and posted a proper direction on a place he would be sure to see should he , come there, and secured everything carefully, off we went for the Alice and Hugh, a distance of about 34 miles. We led our horse and walked all the way. At the creek we found we . bad read 16 for 10 miles, and thus misled our selves. We arrived at the Alice that same night about half -past 8 o'clock, very tired indeed. We could not proceed next day. The liquid we , had drunk was causing paras; we were stiff after the long walk; also we expected the wagons next night, so we waited Wednesday and Thursday; but feeling better on Friday, packed up, and seeing that the wagons would not come to us, started to go to them. One of us had so injured a foot on Tuesday's journey that it was found necessary to put him on the top of the pack, and in this order off we went for the old depot No. 2, where we arrived in about six hours, after walking through. 16 miles of sand, just in time to see some of the other party arriving from the opposite direction. They had found our pack-horse, had heard nothing of our companion, were surprised and distressed at our troubles, and glad to see us so far well. The wagons came up next day, and from Mr. Eoucaut we received the greatest kindness. On th© following day— the Sunday — we started with the wagons on the way back again, arriving at the Rocky Camp on Decem ber 20. [Our correspondent gives an account of the finding of Mr. Kraegen's body, particulars of which we have already published.] It was intended to have closed this paper at Minnie Creek, where most of it was written; but as no opportunity served to forward it, the .document has been brought on to the McClure Springs, where we have halted at a capital watering-place with plenty of good grass. We have been joined since unharnessing by two empty wagons bound south, and by them I forward this, h*ping you may get it soon. The drivers of the down teams tell us that there has been much rain up country. The Hugh, they say, was five feet deep just after they crossed, about 10 miles up from here, to-day, And as the river is almost a hundred yards wide at the place indicated, with a level sandy bed, readers will easily form some idea of the im mense body of water there must have come into it from somewhere. It is raining while this is written, and looks very black towards the North, as if a lot of rain was falling on the MacDonnell Ranges. The country travelled through after leaving ihe Minnie is the finest, most picturesque, and pleasant traversed in South Australia. The peculiar construction of the James Ranges, with their many little coves, gulches, grass to the jfcop, pretty trees, shrub3, and flowering plants, is prominently brought under notice by reason of the road going up a narrow defile between the hills, and following it for miles. We crossed the Hugh several times whilst in the ranges, also smaller watercourses, and remarked that their several beds are not so sandy as further down; but the crops of pebbles are very large. ^Green grass can be had at every stepj some of it very tall, some short; but all apparently good fodder. ?Water, too, is abundant. The principal trees not previously noticed are a kind of popla which has a very bitter tasted leaf, and whos ? bark gives forth a strong scent like chlorodyne and the fig, which is in good bearing, but th j fruit is not quite ripe. A flowering plant like a rose grows here, armed with perfect shaped thorns — the flower is a beautiful cloth of gold colour; hollyhocks are numerous, as are the parachylia, convolvuli, native cucumber, and a plant with a pretty white flower. Truly the drive through these valleys is a perfect treat. The road is not difficult, and the soil is a dun coloured loam with some few pebbles inter mixed. When the Alice Springs are reached, where' Station 2 is to be built, the mileage will be made out and forwarded, and it will be seen the in formation published in the Observer last Novem ber was correct as regards the distance the operators were to have travelled by the end of the year — to wit, 1,200 miles from Adelaide; but the calculation that this would be the end of Section E has been based on the line measurements, and not on the actual length of road to be travelled, which cannot be less than 1,650 miles from the capital to Attack Creek— the place where Station 4 is to be built. McClure's Springs, Hugh River, December 25, 1871. No. IX. Had I written this about eight miles back ? you would literally have had a letter from the clouds, as at about that distance from this camp ?we were toiling over some of the highest crossing points in the MacDonnell Ranges. We are now encamped at the spot fixed upon for Station ? No 2 in Section C, aud a very pretty spot it is, albeit rather wild looking, ljecause of the many rugged rocks that rise in all directions around it, and seem as if their mission upon earth was to support the clouds and look stern. When about starting this morning the fog that fol lowed the rains of the last few days lay heavy upon hill and valley, obscuring the more distant ?tills, and casting a gloom over the landscape seldomseen except in mountainous country. As ? the sun came up, however, the vapour gracefully ? retired, and the higher points of the range became visible, and prftsented as romantic a picturesque view as I have ever seen in the colonies. All the hilltops are rugged, small pines grow up .their sides for a short distance, then the granite formation beings in small troulders, which strangely enough saem to increase in size the higher they go until the mountain-top shows out as one mass of stone, on which rest the clouds in grandeur and majesty quite beyond my power** of description. 'The eternal hills' of the MacDonnell Rapge are quite apart from such hummocks — or *humplucks,' as the Scotch call them— as Mouut Hamilton, Mount Crisp, and the like. On these mountain raages the blue haze of great height may always be seen from -the very base of' the range. With Mount Hamilton, the difficulty with me was to know where to look for the Mount, which when found I made a note of as a curiosity in protuberances. Believe me when I say that I hate little things. Little men are generally the incarnation of con ceit, and consequent impudence; little women are ? well, never mind. Whilst little moun tains are worse than absurd they are perfectly ridiculous; but for all that, as hills -like Mount Ham:iton are rare upon the plains, they make moderately good land marks, and as such they may. be passed under any name they like for me. The Waterhouse Ranges, through which ' -we passed previous to coming to the MacDonnell, are also goodly ranges, and are very pretty. The grass grows quite np to the top of most of the hills forming the range, and the pass between the hills where the road and telegraph line go is one '©? the prettiest sights we have seen on the road «p. At McClure's Creek, from where I wrote last, we saw a tree marked J. M. D. S., one of Stuart's no doubt, and found in the water close by some very nice fish; but they have a most strange peculiarity— their mouths are so small they cannot be hooked; therefore we had to spear them. They are from half a pound up to oneanda.half pounds weight, and very good. It was raining when we left the McCtaret and continued to ram, more or less, until last niriit One consequence of all this rain, which has been moderately heavy,is the partial flooding of some ? amaUer creep. The Jay Creek, which runsinto the Hugh River, *as about two feet deep when ?we got np to it. The Hugh also had water in it but not so much. The water in the Jay was running briskly, and was quite a treat to see after so much of dry sand as we had passed over. At Fenn's Gap we camped in a picturesque spot at the foot of a craggy hill, up which some ofus , ? ' . '?' ? ' . vr ?' '??;*?', ?'??? ? ' took our rugged way to get a sight of the ceuntry beyond. The sight was well worth the trouble we had taken to obtain it, and after indulging ourselves with a good look we rolled several large boulders down the steep side of the hill, waking the ' echoes in a manner quite new to this particular part of the colony. Travelling the next day was rendered hard work for the horses, as the rain had made the sandy sod quite spongy, and in some places where the water lay on the road the splashing of their hoofs in the liquid was a pleasing though novel sound to us. On some of the hills we saw a number of rock wallaby, and on the level ground lots of wombat holes. The number and variety of flowers in some of the valleys we passed through were delightful. There were, amongst others, the rose of the desert in full bloom, pomegranate, orange acacia, blue bells, and oleanders. When we had got past the highest point we have as yet seen of the range, the soil suddenly altered from the continual saffron sand of the Finke and Hugh country to a dun-coloured loamy soil, mixed with quartz and small pebbles, and I observed that in the creek- beds we crossed so frequently that the stones became more nume rous as well as larger than they are further down, whilst the sand was coarser and not so strikingly white. It was delightful to watch the cloud-shadows on the hills to-day, and see them sweep along in solemn majesty over the most uneven mountains and the smoothest valleys. At first the glints of sunshine on the hills were few and far between j gradually, how ever, these became less fitful until towards mid day the clouds had all disappeared, when the glorious sun shone out in all his splendour, lighting #up hill, valley, plain, and wood with a refulgence all the more bright to us because we had beefc strangers to it for the previous three or four days. And now, being at this station, it may not be out of place to give a short description of all I have seen here. As to the station building, it is likely 'to be finished before that at the Charlotte Waters. The foundation of the whole is in. There seem to be men about the work who are better acquainted with it than at the last station; tho stone is more rugged, the walls will be 'rubbled,' and, as a consequence, more quickly built if not more strongly put together; also, there are more hands here ; the men of the construction parties botk Horth and south of this are now mostly congregated at this spot; and as it is their object to get done and get 'dewn' as soon as possible, the building will be pushed ahead no doubt. There are about 20 tents on the ground, some 50 men, I do not like to say how many wagons and other traps, and imagination would fail in giving any approxi mate idea of the number of dogs of all breeds that make night hideous with their yelpings. The station is built with its front looking south towards the ranges, and a beautiful view it is. Water is both permanent and abundant here, but at present, because this place has been the depot for the sheep, the grass is rather scarce. Here are the distances we have travelled from Urn Bum, Mount Margaret :— Miles. Urn Bum to Outside Springs ? 18 Springs toOoppertop Hill ? 20 Coppertop Hill to Peake ? 4 Peake to Augebuckeno (Neales) ? 14 Augebudkena (Neales) to Ann's Creek ... 16 Ann's Creek to Cecilia Creek ... ... 14 Cecilia-Creek to West Hill ? 12 West -Hill to Storm Creek ? ... 18 Storm-Creek to Makumba Creek ? 14 Makuniba Creek to Claypans ? 10 Claypans to Three Forges Creek ... ... 22 Three Forges Creek to Johnson's Creek ... 17 Johnson's Creek to Opossum Waterhole ... 12 Opossum Waterhole to Moonlight Creek ... 12 Moonlight Creek to Abminga ? 15 Abminga to Charlotte Waters ? 16 Charlotte Waters to Goyder River ? 34 Goyder River to Finke River ? 30 Finke River to Hugh River ? ... 36 Hugh River to Junction of Hugh River and Alice Creek ? 18 Junction of Hugh River and Alice Creek to Rocky Casp, Hugh River ? 35 Rocky Camp, Hugh River, to Kraegen's Creek ... ... ... .' ? ... 20 Kraegen's Creek to Minnie's Creek ? 15 Minnie's Creek to Stuart's Waterhole ... 14 Stuart's Waterhole to McClure's Springs ... 10 McClure's Springs to Gorge Camp (Ranges) 16 Gorge Camp to Fenn's Gap ? 26 Fenn's Gap to Alice Springs, Todd River ... 18 Making a total of 506 miles from Mount Mar garet. All the springs are permanent and good ; as are also all the creeks except Johnson's, Three Forges, and Cecilia. The waterholes are cot permanent, but nearly so. The claypans cannot be relied upon at all, and the water is almost always bad in them, as it is also in John son's Creek. Where water is found in the Hugh, Finke, and Goyder Rivers it is by sinking a foot or two into the sand. There are a few permanent waterholes in these rivers, but water can be got at many places in the way mentioned ; it is always good; but not always plentiful for a lot of cattle — care must therefore be taken. We have now left the Hugh altogether, which took a westerly course some 12 miles from here, and we shall see it no more whilst going north. .The roads are generally very good. The sand was the hardest to get through. As for the MacDonnell Pass, it is beautiful to the eye, agreeable to the sense of smell, and as pleasant and easy a bush road as can be picked out in any hilly country in the colonies. Mail waiting. ' Happy New Year.' Alice Springs, Todd River, MacDonnell Ranges, 29th December, 1871. No..X. I write this on the west bank of the Hansoa River near the foot of Central Mount Stuart on one of the finest days experienced during the entire journey. The huge cumuli clouds arespin ning through the sky like so many belated aerial icebergs, and the shadows float rapidly over the landscape, which consists for the first time of hill, dale, forest, river (with water in it), plain, and scrub all at once— truly a pretty place for a camping spot, but whether it would repay the tourist for the trouble of a visit I leave the traveller to decide, merely reminding him or her, as the case may be, that this place is not less than 1,250 miles from the shady side of King William-street, Adelaide. A fine breeze makes the day enjoyable, especially as for many days we have had none, and all of us began to' fancy that the four winds of heaven had been entirely blown out. The- heat, as a consequence, has been something.terrible. The latitude is 21° 501S., longitude 133° 26', so it will be seen that warm weather should be the rule now, and it has been. The country generally is beautiful. Tropical plants of a peculiar growth and brilliant green may be seen on every side; the grass is varied and plentiful, just about to seed, and as there have been many showers lately it is also quite green. My last letter was written at Alice Springs, on the Todd River, where we camped for a few days to give the horses a chance of recovering themselves a little. Whilst there the memory of poor Kraegen was revived by his effects being sold by auction. It was assumed, and properly so, that as there were a number of men at the place, all or most of whom wanted some article, it would be the better plan to dispose of the things at ouce than to store and carry them back to Adelaide. Most of the things were perishable, some of them dirty, and all likely to deteriorate, whilst the money they produce at the Alice Springs wotdd be just so much more under any circumstances as at any market lower down. We saw the last of the old year at this camp, and welcomed the advent of 1872 with many revolver shots, much kerosine and flour tin beating, and more or. less general hilarity, raised upon a foundation of old habit, supported by tea. Had we been in a town or near a public-house the tea would have remained undrank for that time, yet the decoction was acceptable, but it was considered a sorry sub stitute. To mark the coining of the new year we were treated to smart showers. It rained a good deal whilst we camped at this place always a little before sunset. On the night of January 1, it being awfully dark, a lot of rockets and roman candles were produced, and having been carefully fixed were set going, to the great delight of all present; blacks included; ene rocket, however, defied all efforts to ' sky' it, and when the others had run their little course, it remained on its stick defiant and dark. In the morning our cook used the article to light tho fire, and produced what theatrical people term a. startling ,anA .-thrilling effect. I neve' saw a ghost, nor^uajr one who did, but judging from pictures and fancy, Mick, the cook, looked as if hq bad been visited by a whole region of disembodied spirits. The rains set the river flowing, and we all took advantage of a bathe in running water for the first time since leaving Adelaide. At about 10 miles from the Alice Springs the party arrived at a spot known as the» top of the MacDonnell Ranges, and obtained a beautiful view of the country for many miles in every direction. The road to this point is exceedingly rough, being over spurs of quartz and granite, through deep ravines of great stones and sand, all of which had a decided micaceous ap pearance, just like the quartz, 4c, on some of the gold- fields of Victoria; but my own opinion of the place is not favourable to its ever being found to be a gold- field. There seems to be too much granite. Of course I had not oppor tunities for seeing much of the ranges, and there may be any number of pure quartz spurs and far better indications of gold than any I saw; but, if so, they must be off the road a good way, consequently difficult of access; also, as I did not come with any intention of looking for gold, I only express an opinion formed of the general appearance of the country through which we have passed. On the top there is a good well. It is really a surface spring, but there has been a deep hole dug in which the water is stored. This water is full of dele terious mineral substances, and produced diarrhoea, which was counteracted by using chlorodyne. Looking back toward the south, the mountains, ranges, and valleys could be seen stretching away into the far blue distance, whilst ahead ofus was one apparently level down country covered with luxuriant grasses, brilliant coloured flowers, elegant shrubs, and a bright sunlight not too warm, as it was early morning. The soil is of a superior description from this spot right on to where I am now writing. It consists of a reddish sandy top resting on clay, and is mixed with small quartz stones, pebbles, and grit. Gum-trees grow on the flats, but are mor« or less stunted, except on the banks of the creeks and rivers. In places the bush is dense, but nowhere does this extend more than a few hundred yards. The scrubs seem to run in belts, and intersected at intervals by stretches of beautiful grass country. Amongst the scrubs are rare and pretty flowering shrubs, also creepers innumerable, but the latter have no great variety. Mulga is followed by myall, and then mallee, but this last is not nearly so plenti ful as the two former, and the mulga prevails. After about thirty-five miles or so of this country there is a slight change. Scrubs become less common, whilst box and gum flats succeed each other. On the side of the hills, as on Mount Boothby and Central Mount Stuart, are some pretty stunted pines and plenty of grass, appa rently nearly all the way to the top. At the Burt there is a creek, like all the rest, full of sand. Here were first seen some of the enor mous flocks of pigeons heard so much about, and enough were shot to make us content with pigeon-pie for a time. One shot brought down 11 birds from an indifferent lot, and I believe it possible to kill enough for a dinner at any time with a few good pebbles. We also saw turkeys, and tried to induce them to believe that our movements were altogether pacific and friendly; but they did not think it, and up to the present time we have not been able to get near enough to hit ore. An emu and kangaroo have been shot, but no other game larger than a duck; we have, however, had plenty of them. Over these clowns the road and telegraph line run close together^ and a better track could not be desired anywhere. As to the line, it is in some respects not first rate, the poles being both too small and crooked, but there has been much difficulty in getting timber from the top of the range to the end of Section C. The succeeding Section — D— is very well poled, and will prove as lasting a work as anything of the kind in the colonies. A blackfellow's opinion of what the whitefeflows are doing maybe worth recording; it was given at Alice Springs in a very solemn manner by a lugubrious-looking aboriginal who knew English fairly. He said — 'What for whitefellow fool build him that one fence ? plenty white money sit down long o' that one ; plenty ! my word! like it wheelbarrow ; like it big one wheelbarrow full money; whitefellow fool !' This is the opinion of a dusky son of the far bush, who is impressed with the belief that he is a philosopher. Two more wild blackfellows were seen to-day, who would not come near. This makes nine in all of such noticed since leaving Adelaide. The sight of the various ranges and hills passed lately has been very fine, and has cheered us up— not that the party were specially de pressed, but the sameness of view produces a lassitude that is quite equivalent to j?loom, and depression of spirits in travellers is nearly a disease that should be avoided by all means. At the spots where the soil is better than usual were observed many anthills of peculiar shape, and just the colour of the soil. Some of these things are quite seven feet high, others a few inches, and in their effect resemble nothing so much as a number of dilapidated tomb stones. They are all built by the white ant, and after much examination it is concluded that the manner of the work is thus:— The ants seize a mulga, eat away the inside of the stump; the branches next fall, leaving a ghastly stem, round the outside of which the ants build cells of soil until it is all covered; and then, it having pre viously been hollowed, the whole serves as a residence for the family. On the way, Mr. Forster, in charge of a party of men from Section Eon their road back to Adelaide, was met, and we heard for the first time of the murder of Mr. J. 'Millner. To-day we have met Mr. Burt, also; on his way down, and he tells us that Mr. John Millner was killed on September 1 by a blackfellow who was attached tothe camp. When at Attack Creek, latitude1 19Oi'!rthi9'!yd\inger Millner, after the sheep had catapedj'lay'downin the shade to rest; a young ? white'11 - named Ash win and the aboriginal close beside him.- Ashwin, looking away from Millner, did not see the black lift his club and hit Mr. Millner on the head, but hearing the sound turned round and saw the unfortunate man's head smashed. The black dropped his club and drew back, appa rently with the intention of using his boomerang on Ashwin; but the latter had his revolver in his belt, and drawing it was too quick for the native, who received the shot somewhere in his body at a range of about four yards. The murderer started and ran about a hundred yards, fell, then got up, when Ashwin fired a second time. The black seemed to be again hit, fell, and rose once more and made off. Meantime Ashwin did what he could for Millner, and thereby lost the opportunity of following the native up, and he escaped ; at least he was not found by Millner's party. Poor Millner of course died immediately, as his brains were dashed out by the one blow he received. Mr. Burt has shown a piece of cloth that belonged to some of Stuart's party: also a bit of a strap found by him at one of Stuart's camps on Purdie's Ponds, lat. 15° 52'. Both relics are in moderately good preservation. The cloth is some stout dark blue material, evidently por tion of a coat; the leather is not so well preserved, and-' is dry as a chip almost. Mr. Burt takes a mail on. He reports heavy arid continuous rains up north-. There has been no real difficulty with water all the way, as when the stages between waters have been too great we have been able to carry enough for one day, or two if requisite, but the season has been a favourable one, and it may chance that in very dry times some of the waters may dry up. At the Native Well it was found that the income of water was not more than about a pint per minute, and when this was reached it was necessary to push on 16 miles to water, as the place was empty. On that day 34 miles was the journey, and as we had gone 18 miles the previous day and camped without water for the horses, the stage the poor brutes had to perf orm was 52 miles between the waters — cot a bad one in this hot climate and weather. This may also l-e the experience ©f others, therefore it woukl be wise if the permanent waters were in some way set down, and the probable ones also were well defined, bo that disappointment— the certain forerunner of all bush disasters— may be reduced to its smallest possibility. One permanent water is to be found at about eleven miles from Mount Boothby going north— i.e., one and a half mile3 from the last crossing of the Woodforde Creek going south. This is on the west side of the road, and can bo easily found by the number of old camp-marks about It is only about 100 yards from the road, and as it had not been previously named it was agreed to call it Boucaut's Spring. People traveling by the wire hence will find this water by going off at a right angle from a double shackle that indicates the junction of Sections C and D, acd travelling westward five miles will cut the track at or near the spot where the spring is. It is needful to be parti cular, because the Woodforde on the north is often dry, as is the native well on the south, and should Boucaut's Spring be missed a long stage must necessarily be gone without water in dry seasons. At the fourth crossing of the Woodforde we camped at a well which had plenty of water in it, but the water was decidedly highly flavoured. On examining into the cause it was found that a whole regiment of rats had made this their involuntary tomb, and to record the place of their death had left the stink behind them. Down the well was also a snake about two feet in length, but he was as lively as a kitten. No doubt he subsisted on defunct rat, washed down with cold rat soup. He was left tothe quiet enjoyment of what seemed to be a rather lengthened meal. It was strange that there are not now any fish in the waters— a sure sign of their instability. The largest crea ture ' native and to the manner born' noticed in these parts were well-developed pollywoggs; the smallest was larger than the biggest seen before. (Mem.— They are not nice when boiled and made into tea.) The river the party are now on is a broad, shallow affair, lined thickly on each bank by small gums, mulga, and teatree. To-night will be the second we shall have camped on it— once a stage back, and now again — and, speak ing from experience, the stream may be said to be lined with mosquitoes. Small things they are, but intensely persevering. How they did sting! Phew! One of our men declared that they bit him through his canvas hammock and his shirt. Another put on a pair of anti gropoli; but still the little beggars got at the skin, and caused their 'little bills' to be duly presented. A member of the Assembly with half the determination — in a right cause, of course— of one of these little torments would become a legislative wonder. Since starting on this trip I have heard of moon-blindness several times, and have been cautioned several times about sleeping in the moonlight without being shaded in some way from the direct rays of that planet. Like most other people, I paid little attention to these warnings. Now, however, we have all had ocular demonstration of the truth of the statements, one of the party being moon- blind. As soon as the sun sets and its direct influence has gone this man becomes blind. He cannot see ahead without looking at his feet, when he can dimly discern large objects that are close to him, sucn as a wagon with its tilt on. If he looks straight on he can see his feet only. Thus it seems that some kind of film caused by the moonlight is before the pupil of the eye. He can see by candle or lamp light; but no matter how bright the moonlight may be, he is always blind during the time she shines, aud is not so when the moon is in its last quarter. There is no particular pain attendant upon this state of things; but he feels a slight giddiness, and is much disturbed in mind because of the peculiar position he finds himself in on moon Hght nights after the sun has set. Is there auy simple cure for this, and if so, what ? All reports from the Far North are satisfactory as regards the health of the parties. Mr. Burt and one of his men have suffered from rheu matism; bat they have had extra hard work and much outing in wet weather. It is common, he says, for some of the men to be a Tittle sick during the wet season — December, January, and February— with what is called the North West sickness, vomiting after meals, &c; but they do not attach any importance to this, and it goes away again when the weather settles. Probably even this malady will soon disappear. Mr. Burt proceeds hence direct for town. 