English 7VLaH. Pkosecution of the Rev. W. J. B. Bennett. — This case, which involves the authoritative decision of the highest court of appeal on a question oC i'fvr greater importance to tlie church than any other springing out of this age of: controversy, is now fairly before the ;TudiciaVCommittco. It will be remembered that the Rev. W. J. E. Bennett was cited more than a year since before the Court of Arches on a charge of heretical teaching on the Lord's Supper, his doctrine being substantially that of the Church of Rome, except that the elements under his system are unchanged. Mr. Bennett at that time did not appear either personally or by counsel, but he evidently trusted to the friendship of the judge, Sir R. Phillimore, who had for .some, .years previous to his elevation occupied the position of stand ing, counsel to the English Church Union — in other words, he had been the,' learned champion of extreme ritualistic opinion. The result Was as might have been anticipated. The accused party was allowed to amend some of his more reckless expressions, and the judgment was practically an acquittal. The appeal now made to the Privy Council is against this judgment, and the task devolving upon the clear-m'inded and learned Mr. Stephens is, to discuss the argument, not of opposing counsel, for there are none, but of the Dean of Arches, with its formidable list of thirty authorities. This learned functionary seems, to have based his decision- in favour of- Mr. Bennett upon authorities, many of which had been used by him when acting as counsel for Archdeacon Denison in 1856. With a prodigality of cumbrous but unprofitable learning he had ransacked the records of the middle ages to expound the language of the catechism of Queen Elizabeth, the Canons oE 1602, and the Act of Charles II. From Ratratnn and .ZElfric down to Bishop Moberly, he had marshalled an imposing array of ecclesiastical lore in order to vindicate from con demnation Mr. Bennett's doctrine oE the real presence. But one . after another these authorities crumbled into dust under the skilful manipulation of the able and learned counsel for the appellant. The antiquity of Ratramn and iElfric startled the Archbishop of York, who in genuine and unaffected amazement asked Dr. Stephens how such antique authorities could avail to throw light on the interpretation of the Act of Uniformity of Charles II. The reply of- ..the.; learned counsel was no doubt the best that he could make to,- such an interrogatory, Davus svm non QHdvpus. Although an fix-parte statement, Mr. Stephens'^ summary of Mr. Bennett's propositions will serve to show to our readers in a few sentences the nature of the doctrine pervading the volumes under examination : — '.I.- That the natural body and blood of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ are not only in heaven but here, to wit, upon or before the altars of our churches, under the form of bread and wine. 2. That there is an actual presence of the body and blood of our Lord in the consecrated bread and wine. 3. That there is an actual presence, called by Him at one time a visible presence, at another time an objective presence of the body and blood of Christ, in the consecrated bread and wine, without or external to the communicant, by virtue of or upon the words of consecration, irrespective of the faith of the communicant — a presence given to all who receive the elements. . 4. That there is an- actual presence of the true body and , blood of our Lord in the consecrated bread and wine, without or external to the communicant, prior to and separate from the act of reception.' The learned counsel submittted that this teaching is contrariant to the plain, and definite teaching of the Church of England on this subject. Mr. Stephens proceeded: — 'It may perhaps assist your Lordships if I now state six propositions which I shall endeavour to sustain .during the course of. my argument. (1.) The body of. Christ when on earth was a human body, such as is born into the world in the case of every man naturally engendered of the offspring of Adam, sin alone excepted. (2.) At His resurrection Christ (as the .Fourth Article of Kcligion states), 'took again His body with flesh, bones, and all things appertaining to the perfection of man's nature, wherewith He ascended into .heaven and there sitteth until He return to judge all men at the last day.' (3.) At His ascension the self-same or true body in which He suffered, passed into the. heavens, and there exists in a glorified or spiritual condition. (4.) This same glorified or spiritual body, being his true body of our nature, is (as declared by the declaration on kneeling) ' Christ's natural body, and is in heaven, and not here ;. it being against the truth of Christ's natural body to be at one time . in more places than one.' (5.) Although the divine nature or God head of Christ is present' everywhere, yet since the body and blood of Christ are in heaven and not here, they are not present in the elements. (6.) Upon due reception of the consecrated elements, the body and blood of Christ are, in a heavenly and spiritual manner, communicated to the soul of the faithful communicant, and are verily and indeed taken and received by such.' The learned gentleman went on to show that a groat part of the intricacy of jthis case will be removed by bearing in mind the distinction which exists between the doctrine on the subject of the real presence and the doctrines of transubstantiation and consubstantiation : — -'The distinction is this -^The doctrine of the real presence deals with the actual presence, by consecration, of the true body and blood of Christ in the elements. On this point the doctrines of Rome, of the Lutherans, and of Mr. Bennett, do not substantially differ. But transubstantiation and consubstantiation deal with the results of that presence upon the elements. 1; The Roman Church holds that, while the elements retain their outward form and appearance, their substance is changed into the substance of the body and blood of Christ. This coii version, is called ' transuhstantiation.'' 2. The Lutherans hold, on the con trary, that not only the form of the bread and wine remains, but their substances also remain, the body and blood of Christ being also present, by sacramental 'union,'. ?under the same form. This con junction is generally called, consubstantiation. 3. Mr. Bennett has not committed himself to any statement respecting the operation of the real presence on the elements. . The result is this :— On the point of the real presence — the actual presence of the true body and blood of Christ in the elements on consecration is held by the Church of Rome, by the Lutherans, and by Mr. Bennett. And all these several doctrines ' adopt the same formula, viz., under the form of bread and wine. But from this point of agreement -in regard to the presence, the three doctrines diverge, in regard to the elements. 1.. The Church of Rome holds that there is a conversion, of the substance of the bread and wine into the substance of the body and blood of Christ. 2. The Lutherans hold that the substance of the- bread and wine, remains unchanged. 3. But Mr. Bennett refrains from stating in what manner the bread and wine are affected by the presence of the true body and blood of Christ, which he holds to be in/the elements upon consecration.' The learned counsel summed up his statements as to ? the teaching of the Church of England on the real presence thus : — 'I have now examined all the extracts given by the learned judge as authorities for the construction of the formularies of the church. Of those which are authorities in the Church of England, not one has been found to maintain Mr. Bennett's doctrine. I recur to my former proposition, viz., that the formularies of the Church of England do contain a definite doctrine on the subject of the presence of the body of Christ. That, against Rome, she denies the corporal real presence, or any real actual presence in the elements, on the altar, or in the hands of the priest ; while, against what is called Zuinglianism, she asserts a true communication of the body of Christ to the faithful in the ordinance. It is submitted that this definite doctrine has been proved from the following principal formularies: — (1.) The compilers of our communion office carefully rejected all passages asserting the presence in the elements which had been contained in the Sarum missal ; and even those passages in the first prayer-book which might seem capable of bearing or implying a meaning in any degree sup porting a presence in the elements, were removed in the second book. Respecting doctrine, the principle of our reformers in the compilation of the first and second prayer-books was this — to retain everything from, the ancient liturgies that could be retained con sistently with the Word of God, and therefore rejection amounted to protest and denial; (2.) The Thirty-nine Articles in the 28 th Article 'exclude real presence in the elements irrespective of reception, by limiting the efficacy of consecration, or the breaking of bread and the blessing' of the cup, to reception, and making it depend upon the right disposition of the .communicant. That article further excludes all real presence in the elements, by denying all corporal giving, or corporal taking, or corporal eating of the body of Christ, which must have resulted from corporal presence in the elements. And, by limiting reception of the body of Christ to the operation of faith, the 28th Article rejects all external real 'presence. (3.) The Homilies maintain 'the communion of the body and blood of Christ,' and even an 'incorporation ' thereof. But it is not an incorporation with the bread and wine, but with the soul of the faithful, wrought by the Holy, Ghost through faith. (4.) The Catechism asserts that the body and blood of Christ are not outward — i.e., external to the com municant—but inward, that is, in the inward and spiritual being of the recipient, and accordingly limits reception of the body and blood of Christ to the faithful, by whom it is verily and indeed taken and received ; and, above all, speaks merely of a presence to the faithful in the ordinance, not in the element. (5.) ' The declara tion on kneeling' denies the corporal presence of the body of Christ, and asserts the great principle that governs this whole, question, viz.: — That the true body of Christ, that body in which He suffered, His natural body, is in heaven and not here ; and that to be here would be contrary to the truth of that body. In none of these formularies does the Church of England recognise any distinctions of different bodies of Christ, nor any different modes or manners of the presence of His body. All this definite doctrine of the Church of England the learned judge has not dealt with as authoritative.' For the final N result of the appeal -we look forward with great interest. Visitation op the Bishop of London. — The Bishop of London lias, after a delay of ten years, delivered a primary charge. The high position of the prelate who occupies the metropolitan see ; his supposed intimate acquaintance with the thoughts and feelings oE not only his right reverend brethren on the episcopal bench, but also of persons of influence in the State ; the weight of authority which must necessarily attach to whatever he may say ex cathedra; . the fact that in any deliberations affecting the present or the future of the Church of England he must take a prominent part and exer cise considerable sway; the critical state of things in the Church of England, the uncertainty of the immediate future in regard, to it, and the earnest desire of churchmen for skilful and firm pilotage amid the clangers that threaten, all combine to clothe the occasion with dignity and importance. The scene which with its surround ings of pomp and circumstance was witnessed beneath the great dome of St. Paul's was. one of great and imposing solemnity. The number of clergy present approximated to a thousand, and their close ranks were fringed with a considerable body of the laity, churchwardens, and others, who occupied the seats beyond, and manifested an interest _ in the proceedings equal to that of the clergy themselves. The subject of the charge was ostensibly the parochial system, chiefly as affecting .the metropolis, and although it embraced a wide variety of topics, yet they were all viewed and debated under the head either of helps or hindrances to the work of the church in its parochial organisations. The resume of what has been accomplished during the last ten years for overtaking the spiritual arid educational needs of the diocese is alike interesting and encouraging, though indicating, of course, the urgent necessity for enlarged effort and self-denying liberality. In immediate connection with his central topic, and arising naturally put of it, the Bishop took up the subject of pew rents and offertories as a means of support for the clergy. Lay help, including sisterhoods, schools, and the present aspect of the educa tional question, the city churches, and the failure of the Union of Benefices Act through the feeble and cumbrous character of its machinery, the unequal distribution of rich and poor in the parishes of the diocese, the alienation of classes, the serious disturbance of the relations between incumbents and their parishioners, consequent partly.on the decadence of the influence of the vestry from several causes, and the 'unconscious extension of the autocracy of the clergy,' and the rapid growth of the congregational as distinguished from the parochial system — on all these things, with their supposed causes and results, the Bishop spoke with earnestness. In his pointed protests against the selfishness and the indolence of the tens of thousands of 'respectable and respected worshippers in our churches, and dwellers in houses replete with comfort, elegance, and luxury, who do nothing, and give next to nothing in discharge of 'the i offices of Christian charity ;' in his inculcation on the clcrgjr of the duty of eliciting and directing the help of the rich for the benefit of the poor; in his outspoken exposition of the rights of the laity,. and of the extent to which they may fairly demand a voice in ecclesias tical qticstions; and in his warm denunciation of the grievous wrong and sin. done by the clergyman who, by bis teaching or his ritual, has disregarded the feelings of hia people, and driven them from their own church, the Bishop must command the sympathy of all sound-hearted Churchmen.' His Lordship's remarks on pew-rents Avill no doubt give infinite offence to the Free Church Association, yet it is unquestionably true that, however successful offertories may be in exceptional cases and with the helps of a medireval ritual and highly ornate musical services, they will bo found, as a rule, utterly inadequate to provide a proper and reasonable income for the clergy man. It is easy enough. for the incumbents of endowed benefices to carry oh a crusade against pew-rents, and represent their brethren who approve of them and receive them as almost everything that is selfish and unchristian. Pew-rents, like all things human, are liable to abuse ; but we have yet to learn that, cceteris paribus, they are in themselves, even on the highest ground, either inexpedient or inequit able. As to sisterhoods, and convents, and conventual vows, the Bishop expressed his mind with unwonted vigour, and in this he and the Bisho23 of Salisbury, who alluded to the subject at the Synod, are at one. The warm sympathy which he avowed for the women who gave themselves earnestly and systematically to the visitation of the sick and poor, acids immeasurable force to the words in which he declared his disapproval of the objectionable features of their system. Union in their work, even a distinctive dress and name for the community, these may be useful. But all vows are unlawful. ' The tendency of such institutions is to develope an inclination towards an ascetic discipline, a surrender of conscience, and will to the direction of others, the vanity of an excessive dress, and the excitement of an excessive ritual.' As for daily services the Bishop admits that the rubric is not without ambiguity, and could not be enforced ; while the use of the surplice in the gulpit, which he strongly recommends, is not of clear and positive obligation. It may or may not be the only legal vestment. Whether the recommendation of the Ritual Commission may eventually be adopted, either partially or entirely, and if adopted will go far to terminate the divisions in the Church of England, as he hopes, is a point on which men will differ widely. It will be time enough to discuss that when action is taken to make them law. ' On the legality or illegality,' he said, ' of any other dress than the surplice, I give no opinion.' It might prove upon trial that the black gown was legal ; it might prove that it was illegal, or that it was illegal in the morning service and legal at other times : or it might be held that the church has laid down no rule for the dress of the preacher : but it is beyond doubt that the surplice is legal; this vestment at least is never forbidden the minister within the walls of his parish church ; in this, at all times of his ministra tions, in which he is quite at liberty to include preaching, he is safely within the law, and rims no risk of being compelled to j change his practice after the irritation of a lawsuit and at the mere dictation of a formal decision. On this ground, although not prepared to pronounce the surplice to be the only admissible dress for the preacher, I am anxious to counsel its adoption when ever it is found practicable. I should be glad to believe that the time was come when, on this point at least, we might advance to uniformity, and that one well-worn banner of dis union might be furled. Objections to the surplice must surely now have lost their old significance — the echoes of an obsolete controversy. And though I do not require, or even advise, the adoption of the sur plice in the pulpit when at variance with the decided feeling of the parishioners, who have the right to have even their prejudices respected when not opposed to law, I shall be very thankful to see the present diversity of practice, if it may not at once, at least gradually pass away, at a time when there are comparatively few who care to maintain it, and before the embers of the dying flame are stirred by a legal contest and a judicial sentence.' The Pastoral of the American Bishops.— The session of the General Convention of the American Episcopal Church has been followed by the issue of a ' Pastoral Letter of the House of Bishops,' containing matter of much value and interest. Our readers will be glad to peruse one or two sections of this able and earnest address : — 'Brethren, beloved, in the Lord: The amazing love of our Reedeemcr is to be devoutly recognised in all the temporal blessings of His cove nant, as well as in those which are the more glorious benefits of His cross and passion. For three years more, marked by many extraordi nary, providences in the affairs of the world, God has continued to bless us with much of earthly happiness, and with abounding mercies in the communion of His church. Your bishops, in addressing you once more in a pastoral letter, must begin. with these devout acknowledg ments, and with a confession of our great unworthinesss of such distinguished favours from the Most High.' The Baptismal Service — The bishops in council, with an extraordinary unanimity, have, during the present convention, set forth a declaration touching our offices for the baptism of infants, in the following words : — ' We, the subscribers, bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States, being asked, in order to the quieting of the consciences of sundry members of the said church, to declare our conviction as to the meaning of the word 'regenerate' in the offices for the ministra tion of baptism of infants, do declare that in our opinion the word ' regenerate' is not there so used as to determine that amoral change in the subject of baptism is wrought in the sacrament. This declaration was made in the loving hope and confidence that many consciences might thus for ever be freed from false impressions which have been prevalent concerning the teachings of the church as respects spiritual religion and personal piety. We exhort you, brethren, to be ever mindful of the tender love of our Master, Christ, for the little children, and to think highly of the privileges to which those are admitted whom, through the agency of His church, He still takes into His arms and blesses. We entreat you to regard them as His own children by adoption and grace, as heirs of God, to be bronght up in the' nurture and admonition of the Lord. Let them not suppose that the faith and the prayers and the obedience of little children are lightly regarded by the Father of Mercies. But remem ber also that baptisrcrdoes not supersede the necessity of repentance, of justifying faith in Christ, growth in grace, and in that 'holiness ' without which no man shall see the Lord.' We exhort all the members of the church fully to recognise and deeply to feel, there fore, the weight of responsibility which the baptismal covenant lays \ upon them and their children. It is still true that if the baptism of infants be not recogiiised as requiring such godly training as may secure by the divine blessing, the submission of their whole nature, body, soul, ancl spirit, to the renewing and sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost, then the mind of Christ and the purposes of the church, for the child are not fulfilled. If refraining henceforth from discussions of words in the acceptation of which there seems to be far less of real disagreement than has been imagined, we might now give ourselves with one heart to the rearing of our children in the fear of God, and to securing the great work of their salvation, then we shall have succeedecHn rendering our formularies so practical and so fruitful in godliness as to elevate the whole sentiment of the church to. a lofty spirituality hot likely to bo disturbed by agitations to which, perhaps, we have subjected ourselves by manifold inconsis tencies between our professions ancl our practices in the relations we bear to God in covenant. The Ritiial. — As we dwell on these things, dear brethren, our minds recur to some others of which we must not fail to speak. We counsel you to bear in mind that while, on the one hand, we must not suffer ourselves to deny any real good by reason of mere popular outcries against ritual forms, so, on the other hand, we are never to allow professions of self denying labour and service to blind us to the actual dangers of any* movement in the church. What is known as 'ritualism' is mainly a question of taste, temperament, and constitution, until it becomes the expression of doctrine. The doctrine which chiefly attempts as yet to express itself by ritual in questionable and dangerous ways is connected with the Holy Eucharist. That doctrine is emphatically a novelty in theology. What is known as eucharis tical adoration is undoubtedly inculcated and encouraged by that ritual of posture lately introduced among us, which finds no warrant in our 'Office for the administration of the Holy Communion.' Although men may, by unlawful reasoning on divine mysteries, argue themselves into an acceptance both of the practice and the doctrine which it implies, these are most certainly unauthorised by Holy Scripture, entirely aside from the purposes for which the Holy Sacra ment was instituted, and most dangerous in their tendencies. To argue that the spiritual presence of our dear Lord in the Holy Com munion for the nurture of the faithful is such a presence as allows worship to Him thus and there present is, to say the very least, to be wise above that which is written in God's Holy Word. For the objects of this Holy Sacrament, as therein revealed, are, first — the memorial before God of the one sacrifice for sins for ever ; and, secondly — the strengthening and refreshing of the souls of the faith ful. Moreover, no one can fail to see that it is impossible for the common mind to draw the line between the worship of such an undefined and mysterious Presence and the awful error of adoring the elements themselves. Wherefore, if a teacher suggests this error by act or posture, he places himself in antagonism to the doctrine of this church and the teachings of God's Word, and puts in peril the souls of men. In the presence, therefore, of this danger, we call upon the ministers and members of the church to bear in mind that while they should always cherish and exhibit that true and genuine reverence which devoutly recognises ' the dignity of the Holy Mystery, and the great peril of the unworthy receiving thereof,' yet it is the bonnden duty of each one to deny himself the outward expression of what to him may be only reverence, if that expres sion even seems to inculcate and encourage superstition and idolatry. Counsel and Advice. — It is a very clear part of our present duty to you, brethren, to utter anew the charge that you be 'not conformed to this world.' In the ivorld, you must have your daily walk and work. Your discipline of grace involves exposure to the .subtle allurements, as in many cases to the grosser temptations of that world. But you may turn that exposure to your great spiritual gain. You may become the wiser and holier by that very means. The grace of God will accomplish in you this glorious result, if you work with His Holy Spirit. To this end we remind you that covetous ness is idolatry; that the growing eagerness to got money, the widely-spread worship of mo.ney, and the lavish display of money in much of our daily life, are manifestations of that idolatry. Christian men and women ought to ponder this,-and to carry the resulting views of duty and piety into their business, their social life, their homes and families. We are sure that the need of this warning has, of late, grown largely among us, and that some of those wise scruples ancl restraints, formerly more perhaps thai* now influencing good men's consciences in the pursuit and use of riches, and in the habits ancl amusements of social life, have been far too much relaxed. Hence come the sins of covetousness, of wasteful vanity,' and of the robbery of God in withholding from His cause His due share of the' worldly things entrusted to our control.' Rev. Not?man M'Leod and the Qubeu.— The deep sorrows with which Her Majesty has been visited, together with the anxious speculation that has arisen as to the future of the throne of England shonld the illness of the Prince of Wales take an unfavoivrablc turn, give special interest to the following speech of this eminent minister : — 'What is meant by Her Majesty being 'morally ancl menf ally inca pacitated for work' I leave Mr. Disraeli to explain, for I do not com prehend it. I beg to say that I have had the honour, in the provi dence of God, to minister to Her Majesty in public and in private for the last thirteen or fourteen years, and I have seen her in every variety of circumstances — in the highest prosperity and happiness which any married woman, not to speak of a Queen, could enjoy, and in the very depth of her distress; and I- declare most solemnly, nl though speaking with her in the greatest privacy and in the most intimate communion that a subject ancl a clergyman can have, I have never heard her utter one word or one sentiment that did not do the highest honour to Her Majesty, whether as a Queen or a woman. I have not only never seen the remotest trace of any moral or mental weakness, but I have seen in every instance remarkable evidence of moral and mental strength and,-. capacity. Her Majesty lias just passed through, a severe attack of rheumatic gout, which so affected her hands that for a time she was utterly unable to sign her name, and from a severe neuralgia from which she has entirely recovered, and. I have never seen her better in spirits or better in health or stronger in mind than she is at the present moment. At the same time, I am far from saying that she has recovered her strength so as to be able to do more than she is dojng ; for I make bold to say that none of us have the slightest con ception of the unceasing demand that is made upon a person in her high, position of attending to innumerable details, and carrying burdens upon her mind, without the possibility of one moment's rest. Our own wives find how trying upon their nervous energy is the con stant care of a large family, but when we think what the Queen has to do as a mother, with her children occupying such an important position in society, what she has to do in being compelled ever to think about the affairs of a nation to whose interests she is pro foundly devoted, when we think of the constant weight that must ever be upon her mind, we feel the wonder is that she is able to perform her duties in the way that she has done. No one who knows the Queen but knows she would do all that it is possible for her to do, and no one who knows her but is amazed at her extraordinary considerateness for every one, how she occupies her thought upon every subject, and how she attends to such minute details of duty. I will take it upon me to say that the case of the poorest subject in her kingdom, if made known to her, would receive her immediate attention. Let me also say that the manner in which the Queen is often criticised is a cruel and cowardly injustice, when neither as a woman nor even yet as a Queen she can make any reply, but must endure the injustice. ? While such attacks may be made by a few, 1 feel certain that the large majority of this nation so revere the monarch who occupies the throne, and so esteem her unblemished personal character, and the manner in which during her reign she , has discharged herpublic and private duties, that, could they utter it, they, with one voice, avouIcL unite with us when we say, God save the Queen, and- may she long be preserved to the nation.' The Episcopal Preachers in Glengarry Church. — The Daily Telegraph has the following special despatch from its 'own cor respondent' at Glengarry : — ' At the meeting of the. presbytery at Abertarff, in which the parish church of Glengarry is situated, the Eev. Mr. Cameron, minister of Invergarry, reported the circum stances connected with the recent services conducted in his church by the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Winchester. Mr. .Cameron declared that these services ' were conducted in accordance with the forms of the Church of Scotland.' The presbytery then agreed to a resolution setting forth that Mr. Cameron was fully justified in availing himself of the services of the prelates, 'inasmuch as they are both ordained ministers of the Church of England, the ?other Established Church of this Empire, and conducted the said services according to the usual forms observed in the Church of Scotland.' ' The presbytery also expressed an earnest wish that the time may soon come when there shall be a free and brotherly interchange of ministerial services among all essentially Christian , churches. - Only one member dissented from this finding. Bishop Ewing wrote a letter to the Archbishop of York with respect to the recent Glengarry services, in which he assured the primate : — ' I can * « not but say that your Grace's officiating in the parish church of Glen garry gave me well- founded pleasure, for I looked on it as a step to that great goal to which I hope all churches alike are tending, where the distinctions of their various ministrations shall be lost and swal lowed up in the common objects for which they exist.' The Condition of France. — The question 'How to save France' is earnestly asked, and it is easy to suggest temporary and partial remedies to prevent the labouring vessel of the State from founder ing. But the best answer is that of M. Guillaume Monod, published in L'Esperancc of the 27th of October. ? The venerable pasteur sets before his countrymen instances of successful active Christian benevo-- lence drawn from America and from England ; and having shown ' how the spiritual weapons employed in the warfare with ignorance and vice are the gospel of Jesus, he asks to what church do those Christians in America, or that Christian woman in London, and that ? Christian peer of England belong, and he replies, ' I know not, or rather I do not want to know. I know one thing, that their gospel is the gospel of Jesus Christ, and that they belong to the Church of Jesus Christ.' M. Monod then exclaims :—' It is this gospel which is wanted for France. It is this elairoJb that can alone save her. It is not the Church of Home, nor is it any of our Protestant churches in particular. It is- that church ivhicli St. Paul calls ' the pillar and ground of the truth ' — that cb_urch which we proclaim every Sunday when we say, ' I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' Let all those' who belong to this church, all those who have the gospel of Jesus Christ in their hearts, unite their efforts to bring to bear upon the ills of France the only remedy which can cure those ills, a remedy certain to be effectual. Let Catholics who rest. their hope on Christ and His cross, and those whointhe various sections of the Reformed Church live by the faith of the gospel, and so nourish their souls with the flesh and blood, of Jesus Christ, let these all join hands and be of one heart and one soul in working for the salvation of - the people and the raising up of France. Here we have before our eyes that France, once so proud of herself, now humiliated, mutilated, still bleeding from so many wounds, widowed of so many valued citizens, weeping for her children, like Eachel, and refusing to be comforted; and, sadder still, we see her as without God and without hope, .irritated perhaps by her sufferings rather thnn repentant,, and, as the repara tion of her wrongs, waiting only for revenge and vengeance. _ The sight of so many sorrows and so many miseries must needs unite us in the work of consolation and healing. It is not in Germany, any more than in Rome, or Geneva, or elsewhere, that the means of con soling and healing are to be found. It is in Jesus Christ alone, arid in His gospel, that these means are' to be found. We have in our hands the gospel of the apostles, that which founded the Christian' Church, which formed the primitive church. We have Jesus' Christ with us ; for Jesus Christ said to his disciples, ' I am with you : always, even unto the end of the world.' Here we have the sick i man and the wounded, and close by we have the beverage that can . save him, the Physician who can cure. What need we more? what remains for us to do, if not to direct our people, that wounded and : that sick man, to the Heavenly Physician, to carry our people in the arms of our love to the Good Physician, to give them to drink of the divine beverage which will save them ?' The Temporal Powers and' the Papacy. — The Journal des JDebats publishes the following as the ' general sense' of a conversa 1 tion between one of its correspondents at Versailles and M. Thiers : I — ' My instructions to the French representatives in Italy, in case j the Pope should take the resolution of demanding an asylum in ' France, are very simple and very clear. We express no opinion, no \ wish, no desire relative to the decision the Pope may take. God will ' enlighten His vicar by the voice of events. We shTall not mingle : with this the voice of the French Government. On our part there ? : will be neither insinuation, suggestion, nor dissuasion. We only wish i the Pope may understand that if he demands an asylum in France, j he will be received with, most respectful solicitude (respecteux j empressement), with most sincere veneration. He will everywhere j find safety and deference. We say this in the name of the Govern j ment, and we know we sayit in the name of France, with some [ exceptions, which, make up. for number by clamour. The French ; Government — France — is still independent enough without and 1 within, thank God ! to procure independence for the Pope by offering him hospitality. I do not now pass judgment on what ' j France has done in times past to procure independence and protec j tion for the Pope. I do not disavow on this point any of my former I opinions, and let not the good Pope believe that the hospitality which j we do not offer, but which, we shall extend fully if he asks, it, will compel us to make the least display of force without or within. No ; within, four sergents de ?irille will suffice to keep in line those who will come to kneel for the Pope's blessing. The Pope will be free. ?J free from all obligation towards us, free to that point- that he may even cause us some slight ecclesiastical annoyance more easily than at the Vatican. 'At a word from him all will be ready to receive him. I thought first of Avignon, but monuments preserve recollec tions longer than inhabitants. I offer him, then, the Chateau of Pan, the chateau of 'the great . king who became a . Catholic. Once at Civita Vecchia he will find himself on board a frigate where he will be unassailable ; but yet I do not believe that the Pope contemplates leaving Italy. It suffices for him to know that he may come to France if he wishes.' A few days later we observe the following' brief paragraph : — ' The Times is authorised to state that the Pope has no intention of leaving Rome. His Holiness is in perfect health, and there is not the least chance of his giving way to the Italian Government.' ? ? Female Apparel. — We have heard much lately of a crusade that is setting in against the extravagant mode of dress that appears to have originated in the declining years of the French Empire. It is said that the ex-Imperatrice dresses plainly enough at Chiselhurst, and it is certain that the ladies of Paris, or such as belong to the upper elapses, have instinctively caused their habiliments to har monise with the sorrows of their afflicted country. The Rev. Lord Sydney Godolphin Osborne (renowned as the ' S. G. 0.' of the Times) has been giving to the world stray thoughts on this subject in refer ence to .English ladies in the. house of God. Lord. Osborne says he has long since arrived at the conclusion that the poor realise far more what religion is than the rich, and on this conviction he suggests whether it would not be well for the clergy and representative laity in conference assembled to consider whether there is nothing yet to be done which can put the poor man more at ease during divine service, and thus retain his sympathy, which would other wise ? be transferred ' to the meeting-house or the chapel. His Lordship is decided in his denunciation of the prevailing fashion of making the church to be the show-room for dress. He says —'There are those who think — and I am not sure that I am not one of the number — that extravagance in dress is doing more harm than even intemperance. The drunkards don't come to church drunk; the dress-ards do come there, and the intoxication of attire is never. more obtrusive than on God's day, in God's house. Drunkards blaspheme in the sottish bravery of their inebriation : the devotee of Fashion- prays in the costume the world of Fashion is held to make imperative, combines the act of devotion with the most flagrant exhibition of vanity, combines the profession of a miserable sinner with the clear exposure of a very gross appetite for that outward adorning of the body so altogether inconsistent with the humiliation of the soul. No Jenner has yet arisen to find any vaccination process by which mankind can be protected from the Dress contagion, or even be secured a mild infliction of it. It would seem to those who occupy pulpits in all places, amongst all peoples, all sects, and all denomina tions, that the very Gospel is powerless against Fashion.' These are strong words, but not a bit too strong, considering the monstrous Hydra against which they are levelled. 'May it -not be well.' his Lordship asks, 'for a Synodical Conference to consider also how far the teaching of girls, little and big, to avoid the pomps and vanities of the world, can have much effect when the ladies who teach them are, to them, beautifnl spectacles of open-mouth wonder in the extreme eccentricity of their fashion-ruled uniform 1 ' 