GRAINED FOR LIFE. Qoisby was perhaps the most rascally attorney in London, andQuisby occupied chambers at Number Six, Hardenne Buildings, Temple. It was the oldest, dustiest, dirtiest, most ramshackle comer of the Temple in existence, and Quisby's staircase was the oldest, dustiest, dirtiest, and most ram shackle in the entire Buildings. There was au air of mystery about the dwellers on the staircase : you never knew when to find them in, though it did not take you long to find some of them out. They were perpetually watering up tickets to the effect that they would be hack in ten minutes, and not returning for five months ; they frequently went on circuit and never returned at all ; they occasionally owed money to their laundresses, and their names were not in good repute at the head porter's lodge. The staircase at Hardeune Buildings was a hopeless one. It was a series of sported oaks all the way -from the top to the. bottom. You came to the conclusion that the dwellers in its chambers were an eccentric race who always . entered then- room by .the window in some mys terious fashion.. It was a -massive stair case, with wida fiairen -otpriK and wifJi a: bold balustrade fit for a baronial halL Fet it looked sad and ghostly, and had the stamp of grim despair impressed on every plank, on every joist, -and on' -every stanchion in its constitution. It looted like a surreptitious ladder to .the Court of Chancery, or the back stairs entry to a family vault There were all sorts of qneer stories afloat concerning mysterious tenants who ' had at one time occupied rooms in thin particular building. There was the story of a man who never cams oat of his chambers but once a month, when he went to draw an allowance from his friends ; who never washed him self ; who remained in a state of maudlin intoxication from one allowance-day to the other. There was a story of a man who slipped on the staircase, and neatly bowled out of the window on the third floor landing, and was emmshed to pieces on the flags below.' Ton may eee the barrier which was put 'np^tio prevent a recurrence of such tragedies 'even now, and certain chocolate-coloured^fenes ere pointed out ' by .superstitions' ticket porters even at the present-day. At nighttime the ' staircase 'St- Harde&e; iSttildings is a gruesome -pjace. ... \Weird' cite, -mho look as if (hey Jived npon parchment-shavings and red tape, andas if they contained the disembodied Epinte of -defunct lawyers, frisk about -aaS. ypwl dismally. And at twelve » clock: theft is a mysterious creaking on tiie *taireB6e —which is the worst lifted «&*$&- Temple, I should tell yoa— ae&%tpbc4st is said to piss upwards, knofk at»tihe aoora as he goes by and, finally ilqpiite mtit m sogajftjy yeiyinSfaii»8 V window-frames, and a shaking of chim ney-pots through the roof. According to some-people, this is the -ghost t-f Har denne z &ccording;*~ to '^tiheES, ^fe is the ghost of the man who bounded like a ball from the third floor window. I knew this staircase pretty well, for I had been np and down it a great many times in search of Quisby. I first mounted it man? rears aeo. to see this gentleman, who had been my uncle's solicitor. He had drawn up my uncle's will, he was Ms sole executor, and in the event of his dying without any relatives, all the property was to go to Quisby. My uncle lad, I . do apt know -why, the highest opinion of Quisby. At tlie time of my uncle's last illness I was knocking about Europe, and happened to hear of it quite by chance over the tables at iaden Baden. I came straight away to own, and was with him until he died. £ was liis only remaining relation, consequently all his property would come to me. I found' Quisby continually at the house, he was always buzzing about and making himself busy 'with private papers. I did not much like his interference, but lie was such a confiden tial friend of my uncle's that I could not do much to prevent it. He was always saying what a dear friend Quisby had been to him, what an excellent lawyer Qoisby was, and almost the last words addressed to me were, ' My dear boy, if ever you want a friend, go to Quisby, always trust Qoisby j he is a capital man of business and a conscientious lawyer. Honest Torn Onisbv is the best fellow I know.' I bad my own opinion about Mr. Quisby's honesty, though I freely admitted he was an excellent man of business. My first visit -was paid to his chambers a week after my uncle was buried, and I had some difficulty in find-, ing the office of ' honest Tom.' I went up to the very top of Number Six, Har denne Buildings, and over the only oak I could find unsported I found marked the names ' Mr. Prawn,' ' Mr. Hyke Hyke,' and ' Mr. Kumplerock.' I wondered very much where I could find Mr. Quisby. It was too fer to go downstairs to inquire at the porter's lodge, so I rapped smartly at the door, thinking very probably either Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Hyke, or Mr. Rumplerock would be able to give one the desired information. The door was opened by Quisby, Quisby smiling all over his face. ' Ah, my dear Mr. Spatcbberry ! How are you? Difficulty in finding me, I dare say. Very sorry. Quite forgot to tell you I occupied chambers with my friends Prawn, Hyke Hyke, and Rumpel rock. They're away on circuit just now, or I should have been most happy to in troduce you.' I found Quisby to be wonderfully polite, bnt I fancied even then I saw in him a disposition to put tilings oflj and to delay winding matters up. He would always say, ' We understand each other, Mr. Spatchberry. There's plenty of time, plenty of time. Better not to hurry matters.' It was to his interest not to bring afiairs to a conclusion ; not only could he have the use of certain moneys, but he could cook accounts to serve his own -purpose, and .swell his own bill as much as he pleased. Another thing which made \'m anxious to delay all settlement was the fact that if I died before he died, and -without any children, the whole of the money reverted to him self. I mention all these facts to account for what follows at the conclusion of my story. The interior of Quisby's chambers was very dusty and untidy ; there were a few tin boxes, a quantity of papers tied in red-tape, one or two parchments, which, so it seemed to me, were always displayed somewhat ostentatiously on the table. The place was small, and ill ar ranged, and where on earth those distin guished barristers, Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Tj\,irO nnA Mr Rumnlerock. carried on their business it was impossible to say. However, it did not much matter, for, whatever time of year it was, they were always on circuit. Quisby was always very polite ; he always produced from a mysterious cupboard a bottle of superb Madeira— ''Some ifcjt your dear uncle gave me, Mr. Spatchberry' (I am per fectly certain that the rascal stole it out of my uncle's cellars)— and he always ushered me through the little lobby, and opened the door, in ft most deferential manner when I took my departure. He was a great man for last words was Quisby; Jifi would have some polite thing to say, oome pleasing little anec dote to relate at the last moment, and would keep me frequently hanging about the threshold for four or five minutes. On one of these occasions I noticed, without attaching any importance to the matter at the time, that -he lintel, the threshold and the posts of the doorway were rather wider than usual ; it was not much, perhaps, say an inch or two, but it gave a look of vm&wflBfW;&k; to the doorway, and a greater space between the oak and the inner door. Time: jpore . on, , andj i- -found that Oi-iisjw ?i«mld'«omeito'-n6' settlement, and would render 'no account, -~VI began .to be impatient ' I made frequent ascents of the dismal staircase.of Number Six Har denne Buildings, and always found Quisb/s oak Bported. X never could see him except by appointment, and then he was as bland and as unsatisfactory as ever. It made it more provoking^ as I was just engaged to be wmeji. to* ike ..sweetest little girl in the world, bat who, like too many sweet little, girls, had most abomi nable and' troublesome relations, who would not consent to die marriage until I could ishow that I was a man of some little property, and they natnrally re fused to believe any other evidence than my banker^ book. .Thanks to Quisby's procrastination, my banker's book did not look so ''fat' as it might, and my darling's relations shook their heads, and evidently did not believe a word about the handsome fortqne I should nave when my ancle's aibin were wound up. It was no use taking WfAfpv'^ like » little fiol,;pntai-?-» faith jn ier rdEtJonethaninthemanBhe professed to love, and would jaot eonsentto name ,1hOaft :4hbngb! I Jaafl. ^bought the ring? long ago.- The^xtbnpsioHS isla ?tiori- «aia-^and it.^ee^ei^myi;iyr^^A reason— *bat ^, i^e jnamage elipuU Jake place dirielly matters were flefinaely .settled about my uncle's properly. The turn that matters nad taken tendered it imperative that some Eettlement should teanade withJ^uisby mtliout delay. I iadleard rather queer TiimoAcs afcont my legal adviser, aria more Hum one, person tad TOUTfflefled ^ne to got out of Ibis «lutones, sad*ot:a fewcf my friends fcaa&oldly; JBtated«lutt $b.ejco&iad;&fed; Goaded to indiguatiou by all these cir cumstances, I wrote him a very sharp letter,, to which I received no reply. I went up to Hardenne Buildings, and amused myself by kicking oS the toes of my boots, reading a placara which, in formed me' that ' Mr. Quisby would re turn at three.' I waited there till six, and then returned home and wrote a furious if nota libellous letter to theshame less procrastinator. After waiting a day or two, I received a note from him, as cool and polite as ever. He expressed him self somewhat hurt that the ' nephew of his old friend should express himself in such terms, but that, under the circum stances I had been placed in, he could readily excuse a little natural indignation and impatience. Everything, however, could be satisfactorily settled now, and if I would call upon him on the following Tuesday fortnight, at two o'clock, every thing could be wound up.' I showed this letter to my fortune father-in-law, and he behaved well under the circum stances. He said there had been too much delay already, and if I would bring him the documents in the evening after my interview with Quisby, we would have a quiet wedding, and I might bear away my bride on Wednesday fol lowing. This was fair enough, and you may be sure I was at Quisby's chambers at the time appointed, exact to the hour. I noticed a Hansom cab, waiting at the entrance to Hardenne Buildings, with one small portmanteau stowed insure. Now it was eo unusual a circumstance for cabs to be waiting in this part of the Temple that I at once came to the con clusion that Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Hyke, or Mr. Eumpelrock had returned from circuit. However, that mattered not to me. I mounted the weary staircase, I hoped for the last time, and found Quisby, though somewhat preoccupied in manner and flurried in speech, still very polite and considerate. He begged I would take a seat, and he brought out the bottle of old Madeira. He apologized for his room being in such a muddle, but he informed me that Eumpelrock had just returned, and they had been going over some papers together. As he made this remark, I noticed that most of the tin boxes were open, that books were littered about the floor, and there was a pile of torn papers in one corner of the room; there was a heap of light-blue ashes in the fireplace, and a smell of burnt parchment pervading the entire place. I begged he would not mention it at alL ' And now, Mr. Quisby, let us get to our business,' said I, with a considerable amount of firmness. ' Certainly, my dear Mr. Spatchberry,' replied that gentleman ; ' this matter has been for a long time in hand, and I am, I can assure you, as anxious as you are that it should be wound up before we part. This will, I trust, be our last business meeting ; not, I trust, our last meeting as friends. You know your dear uncle and I, Mr. Spatchberry ? Ah 1 have another glass of that excellent wine, sir. You must excuse this weak ness, even in a professional man, Mr. Spatchberry.' And the rascal attempted to wipe away a tear. He kept on muddling and maundering in this fashion. He was always losing papers, producing the wrong ones, and saying' he had left documents at his pri vate residence. When I asked for par ticular papers, he said, ' Yes, my dear sir ; I am coming to that presently.' But he never came to it. When I asked him to produce a statement of accounts, he said he had left the book at home, but expected the boy with it every moment. At last he pulled out his watch, and said, ' Dear 1 dear ! it is just four o'clock. I fear we shall be obliged to have another mAafinfr 4~S1 fifiallv UJlTifi TnSlt^Pra 1111. find I have another appointment, and am rather late as it is. I am sure you will excuse me, my dear Mr. Spatchberry, your uncle's old friend, you know !' I had been gradually boiling as I had listened to bis impotent excuses and his puerile drivel during the whole time I had beeD Bitting with him ; and now — when I found he was as far off a settle ment as ever — that I should have to put off my wedding all on account of his pro crastination and vacillation — my indig nation knew no bounds. 'Ifo, sir!' I said, bringing my fist down with such a bang on his table, that I sent blots of ink all over his buff waist coat, and pens flying all over his room. 'I don't stir from this room until you fender some account of your executor ship ! I belieye yon have spent the money, sir. I believe you haye concealed some documents, and tampered with others. I believe you to be a liar, and a swindler and a thief! There, sir! I don't move from b&e;, and you don't move from here, dr, until ypn gire me some satisfactory explanation V ' My dear Mr. Spatchberry,'' &1!* he- gradually edging towards the door as he put on his hat, tf pray ' calm yourself. You'll be sorry that you've said all those hard things against your uncle's old friend. Jf you'll come and see me to morrow, my clerk will bring all the books. I will draw a cheque for the amount due to'yon, and everything will be light Bnt you really must excuse me ; it is a quarter of an hour past my time now ' ? ' To-morrow, Mr. Quinsby, will be too late !' I roared. * Now, sir, now ! At this very moment, I will have a settle ment! Excuse joi, sir 3 . Certainly not ' — : — Quisby had opened the door, and was gliding into die passage by that time. I took up my hat, determining to walk with him, and give him a bit of my mind by the way. He opened the inner door, and then returned, as if he were about to make some proposition. He once more said, .' 'Eeauy, Mr. Spateaneny, yon mast excuse me. Good morning !' « Excuse you, mt % No !' I roared. ' I will follow you wherever ypn go. I will cMiig ?feTybu, «xA give you in charge of the first policeman I meet' ? With, that I made a rush at him, but lie was top jjuick for me. I just slipped through the inner door, catching the handle in my coat-tail pocket, and pul ling it to behind me. I had just touched his coat, when the ponderous, massive, be-ckmped, end benvetted iron plated oak was savagely flung back on me like s sledge-hammer, knocking me almost senseless, and fattening all the breath put of my body. I beard the latch go withawuel gubness, aad I knew that my -case was topeless. I say I was faaocksd 40au»t ceaseless, because I'm -rf' '?' * s. ~ jC ' % certain I did not lose my senses for the first few minutes, and after the shock of the first blow was over, I bave a distinct recollection of hearing the wheels of a Hansom cab speeding over the stones in the lane below. In spite of all my pain and annoyance, I believe my first thought was of the very comical nature of my position. My nose, which, by the way, is a prominent and well-sbapen organ, was flattened against a sharp-edged rivet. It was bleed ing, but, I am glad to say, not broken. The back of my head felt as though it were coming off ; a brass knocker was smashed into toy cervical vertebras, or my cervical vertebrae into a brass knocker, 1 could not say which ; one eye gazed on the outer world through the letter-slit, the other was exposed to a terrible draught by means of a crack in the tim ber of the door. There was a door handle driven violently into the small of my back ; there was the mark of a key hole indelibly impressed on my stomach, and one of my ribs felt as though it were broken. My feet were turned in to such an extent that I did not know which were my heels and which my toes, and my legs felt as if the calves had changed places with the shins. I was pressed so tightly against the inner door 'that I could feel the grain of the wood, and knew the position of every knot and irregularity in the surface. Indeed, I had & map of the whole countrv most accurately embossed on my back, I had one front tooth broken and three loosened, and I had the feeling as if all my buttons were sewn tightly on to my skin. A fly was crawU ing slowly over jiiy forehead, but I could not raise my hand to brush, him off. I had not space to inflate my lungs pro perly, and my only supply of fresh air was through the letter-slit. This was a nice situation to be in, cer tainly. It would be bad enough of itself, but when, added to this, I had the reflection that my confidential lawyer was evidently the most infernal scamp that ever existed, and that ray marriage would have to be put off — indeed, would probably never take place — I ground my loosened teeth with rage, and would have stamped my feet with vexation, but I had no room to stamp them. A ray of hope comes to me — I can just get my right hand high enough to reach the latch, and if that rascally Quisby had only slammed the door, I might have a chance of liberty even now. Alas ! alas ! I find that double-dyed villain not only slammed the door, but locked it as welL I give np all hope of being let out for many days, for I know there are few people who come up and down this staircase, and none ever venture so high as the third floor. I wonder what time it is. My watch has stopped, I know, for the glass is smashed, and I can feel bits of it working through my waistcoat lining and pricking me. I am quite loosing all power of speech. My breath is getting so short that I could not possibly scream if I tried. I hear foot steps ascending the staircase. I know they will not come so far as the third floor. I listen anxiously. Yes, they are coming up. Slowly, steadily, wearily, clump, clump, clump. He pops a letter through the slit The' corner of it goes right into my eye, and it flutters down to my feet. It is a letter from Pet. I know it is. It is scented with her favourite perfume. I recollect now she said she would post me a letter round to Quisby's, containing something of the utmost importance. Here's a nice posi tion to be in ! With an important letter from your lady- love within a yard of your hand, and yet you are unable to reach it ! I try to speak to the post man, but my tongue refuses to articulate. I give a faint groan. He stops, aays something about 'Hardenne's ghost again,' and trips lightly down the stair case. I recollect having read somewhere of a man being- bricked up, and of his making one gigantic exertion, where he discovered the weak point of the brick work, and bringing the whole fabric about his ears, and escaping from his prison. I wonder, if I were to flex all my muscles at once, and distend my body, should I be able to burst one door or the other ? I am determined to try. I put out all my strength, but it is of no use whatever. My back becomes more grained than ever, and I feel altogether exhausted. A nice position, truly, for a respectable gentleman in the nineteenth century! Here I am, within two minutes' walk of Fleet-street, within five of Bow-street Police Station, in the very centre of the finest legal talent in Eng land, and yet I am as much a prisoner as if I were immured in the Pozzi, below the Grand Canal of Venice. I can even hear the monotonous tramp of the police man on the flags below. 1 can hear him chatting with the ticket-porters, and yet Jam unable to summons him' to my I cannot see my daylight tturough the letter-allt- ? ? Ah ! there go the ehimes from the various surrounding churches ; as far as roy^nfused senses will perTSI* me to count, it must be seven o'clock — the very time I ought to be sitting down to dinner with Pet's papa in Russell Square. I know he will get in a. terrible rage -at -waiting. I -wonder -how long -he. will wait? By the way, talking of dinners reminds me that I feel terribly hungry. There is a very savoury smell of sausages wafted up the ?staircase. It is some of those rascally boy-clerks below having fibmethiug good for tea after their masters have left. I see a glimmer of light coming up the staircase. A ray of hope .and a ray of light — it is the lamp lighter. X cannot see him through the letter-slit, but I can bear him breathing hardly, and wheezing and grunting, I attempt to shout I only succeed, in mniriiTg a noise like a badly-oiled pump trying to yawn. The lamplighter does' not stay a moment; he has probably ijeard of Jffardenne'B gh/)8t, fpf he rattles downstair^ never flnce stopping till he reaches the bottom, and I can hjear hjjn pattering tip the lane at the top of his speed! ?? Afterwards I doze into a semi consciousness ; I do not know whether I /eel f cry sleepy, or whether my mind is giving way altogether. - 1 rouse up a little . when ' I hear another footstep coming np the stairs. I think' I shall be abl@ to speak this time, for I have somehow twisted myself so that my mouth is just opposite to the letter slit, Ah * I thought so, it is the late post man I am just about to speak to bun when he posts a particularly bard news paper almost into my mouth. Of course it wiU not pass through, whereupon he gives it 4 savage tiijye, and says, ' Yah. I go in, yw b^t P jutitaro »t «t»dwgl in the slit. From this circumstance, I infer that Mr. Qaisby is not very profuse in the matter of Christmas-boxes. It is ill very well, but this inconsiderate post man has not only made my gums bleed, but he has entirely stopped up the aperture whence I obtain my supply of fresh air. . I cannot reach as high as this with lny hands, so I have no resource left but to nibble the newspaper off bit by bit, and this is no easy matter to do with your front teeth all loosened. But it is a matter of life and death — once stop up my supply of fresh air, I knew, in my enfeebled condition, that I should soon collapse altogether. So I nibbled away at the paper ; it gave me some amusement, and I dare say I derived considerable nutriment from the size contained therein, albeit I love not the flavour of printers' ink. With the greatest exertion, and with a feeling of faint exultation, I managed gradually to chew Quisby's newspaper all to pieces, and once more establish a current of fresh air through the letter ?slit. It was cold, chilly night-air that came through. Everything was silent except the chimes of the neighbouring clocks. My reason was too far gone to count them, but I knew from the feeling of the atmosphere that it must be far into the middle of the night, and that I mast have been at work on that miser able newspaper for many hours. There was a deathly chilliness coming over my forehead ; my brain felt on fire ; my feet were icy cold ; I bad ' pins' and needles' down ray back, and cramp in my left arm. I felt painfully wakeful, and yet occasionally I dozed off into delirious dreams. I dreamed I was being crushed in one of the old torture- chambers of Venice ; I dreamed I had been bound up as a book, and was afraid that some one would attempt to cut the leaves ; I dreamed I had been ' put to bed' in a printing press, and was fearful some one might want to take a pull before I was quite level ; I dteamed I was pinned out as an entomological specimen by the King of Brobdingnag ; I dreamed that I had been squashed as a blackbeetle by the Queen of the same conntry ; that my back was a rough deal board, and that somebody was going to plane it ; that Quisby, laden with my uncle's gold, was dancing a mad saraband on my prostrate body. When I was awakened from these wretched dreams, it was only to find my heart beating like the hammers of a busy ship-yard, my tongue hanging oat of my mouth, and my hands almost paralysed. At last my heart seemed to stop altogether ; my head swam ; I had no feeling left ; I seemed to float out through the letter^Blit ; I thought I heard a rattling of keys ; I fancied I saw a flash of daylight ; I am certain I heard some one say ' Loramussey !' and I re member no more. Many, many weeks afterwards I awoke. I came to myself in the Charing Cross Hospital. Since I tripped up the stairs to Quisby's so blithely two months ago, I had become quite an old man. I was grey, haggard, battered, and dilapi dated ; and I could still feel the impres sion of the woodwork of Qaisby's infernal door all down my back. I was informed that I was not discovered till late on the Wednesday which was to have been niy wedding day. The old laundress, coming to clean the chambers, had opened the door with her own key; I had fallen upon her, nearly killing her with my weight, and frightening her almost to death. I had yet to hear the worst of my position. Quisby had bolted with the whole of my uncle's property; he had converted everything into cash, and no trace could be fouud of him. Pet's papa looked upon me in the light of a swindler, and Pet herself is married to sombody else, as she absolutely refused to wed a man who was not only a beggar, but who was ' Grained for Life.' 