COMMENTARIES. (FE02T OTJE ITELBOUKN'B COEEKSPONDENT.) "De omnibus rebus, et mullis aliis." I think it wa* Nelson, or Collingwood, or some of those fuhting people, who once said he would have a whole Gazette to himself, and even these degenerate days, these times of piping peace, soma persona insist on getting one side of the Argus to ( themselves. There's our botanical man, Barou von Mueller, loaded with decoratious from the various sovereigns of Europe, is now honored by Heaven only knows how many hours' talk in the House, and whole columns of the Argus and other papers; he is not a witty man himself, but the cause of muoh wit in others. He has made M'Lelian and Whiteman as eloquent as thay could be. Apropos of that they do now and again crack a joke in the House, the other even ing the Ds Bruce Johnstone, the chosen of Gee long, a Baddler by trade, bleated out a few remarks in reference to the Botanical Gardens, when Mr Whiteman Savaged him and told him be knew more about his "shop.' " The norsou by the name of Johstone" waited for him, and when the unwary Whiteman asked what he had | interpolated Jjhstone verbally " went for him," and saii he had only described tbe gardens as being " like a smithyThen the House roared itself very red in the face, and would not come to j order for some minuteB. The key to the joke is Mr Whiteman is a farrier, and he had foolishly called the kettle black, being himself a sailca pan. I am told that " Baron Von Mueller" occurred so often during the ccurse of Tuesday and Wed nesdny's debate, that the Government Printer got out of capital B's and M's, and had to abbre viate him to " Yon" in the Hansard's report. BubineBs must be looking up in registry offices, seeing that familiar placard, " Wanted an accom plished Governess; £80 a year." I say familiar because it has been exhibited for about two years, but no " accomplished governess" had risen at the tempting bait, £80 a year. It is now can- ; celled but left standing as a proud testmonie that j " we have effected an engagement for an accom plished governess at £80 a year." The name of the proprietary is Walker aud Co.) but the whols system is as transparent as glass, _ Humbug seems very rampant just now. We have had Tyerman pro, and Blair con of the spiritual theory, and I only hope the receipts at the door were satisfactory to both. Then we have the Castlemaine seance, in which a barrow wheel was produced " i' the dark;" mind you, by spiritualastic means! From whereP Aye, there's the rub I It could mt be from under the ladies' capacious skirts ? Oh, no 1 _ Yet those noodle-pates who have been writing to the papers sat by aud allowed themselves to be ' humbugged' by ft fraud which, in spite of 'sealed and nailed doors,' would have been transparent enough if the lady's dress had been diaphaneous. If I go spiritual seducing,.1 shall insist upon all hands being dressed in tights, aiul depend upon it the manifestations will not be in such " large lumps." These kind' of people almost always "stop over" and go. for 44 too much," hence tbe over manifest care in "sealing" aud "nailing" doors .gives rise to suspicion. Then Mrs P., as shewn by the letters forwarded by the dupes of the evening, aud published in the M. A. Mail, feels that they Ctll« .spirits) are i playing with my earrings," and forthwith on a i ! match being'struck Mrs P. .is found without her "earrings! Bear me! And who could for a moment suspeot where they were gone, save some liard cynical person who would say, and probably with much truth, " Why in Mrs P.'s pockets, of course," because in the next darkness they are flapped on the table. The whole thing is too futile to dwell long on, aud although there may be some occult influences and powers whioh we in our. polite intelligence cannot fathom, and which wise men are reverently endeavoring to under stand. They must l'eel humiliated whon their deep earnest investigation of the matter is asso ciated with suob contemptible, shallow juggles as the Castlemaine seance, which in simply on a par with the Cooklane Ghost, and not so entertaining as the divine of the Commissioners of Wood »to:k. . .. . There is . a rush—a stampede—to the far north ; the ship agents hang, on their outer walls " Another important telegram from Darwin," '< Good news from the Roper!" and so the crowd surges round tlie offices of these people, "anxious to be off. I don't suppose they would let me,' but 1 think the Government might do worse than Bending out a few of the unemployed with boards —" Remember Port Curtis !" Perhaps it might " give pause '* to some who are in such a hurry to net off to the far-off hill?, which are " ever greenest." As to ships, steamers, they would be taken up, let them be what tlrey might, and sent to sea; so if you have any river boat p.-at redemption for the Murray trade—why, a wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse." I wonder why people will not call a spade a spade. Here we have tbe case of the two con stables, Connel and Mulholland, who were proved to have been drinking in a publichouBe while on duty, and who.tlienf arrested two'raen (civilians) who wished to follow their example—denyiog that they were in the house at all—the two gentlemen in blue were out-evidenced, quite contrary to their expectation, and were then oharged with «' prevarication." Why not with perjury ? It will be pleasant for your readers to know that Mulhollanil was dismissed the force for bin " gre varication," and .Conner.was fined 30j for bis "prevarication:" 'Mulbolland's was a second offence of " prevarication" found out and brought home to him, but who can tell how much pre varication he had been guilty of during his con stabulary career. Tbe Argus says that Mr "W". Clarke, M.L.A., having beeu instrumental in proouring for Scars - dale the benefits of telegraphio communication— the Town Clerk of that borough saw fit to hansel tbe wire by a congratulating, message: to- tbe representative. Now it presents itself to me who paid for that message P If tbe Borough Council, why ? If the hon member in his paid Parlia mentary capacity received it free—why ? There are the horns of tbe dilemma —take which you like ? or happy thought. Perhaps the Town Clerk paid it himself ? ? ? I. want to know, yon know. 