sic transit: ? : ? *_ ? : . Wonders will never cease. Mr. Parkes had scarcely returned to the bosom of his longing friends in the Assembly ere he was destined to experience a little of the muta bility of human friendship. David had rushed into the arms of the Philistines. To a sensitive natuie like Mr. Parkes' this must have been a great blow. If Captain Cook's Monument had walked into the Assembly and taken its seat between Sir James Martin and Mr. Lord, it could not have astounded him more. He rubbed his eyes, and pulled his beard, and steadfastly gazed on the face of the deserter. But there he was, there was no mistake about it. Yes, there was Davy — the incorruptible and un changeable Davy — perched high and dry on the Ministerial benches. How on earth did he get there 1 What mighty charm, what potent spell had softened his inflexible consistency 1 Mr. Parkes pondered a long time — everybody knows how fond he is of pondering. He thought of the past, when Davy sat by his side ' like a blooming Eas tern bride j' and then he thought of the Treasury. It was Davy's weakness for he had a small relation there, and Parkes knew it. What might have been the result of his melancholy musings, if they had been al lowed to go on, it is impossible to say ; but just as a faint light seemed to be breaking in upon his puzzled imagination, David relieved him of all further doubt or hesi tation by vigorously attacking him with a tremendous volley of adjectives. The attack was so impetuous and unexpected that Mr. Parkes was nearly unhorsed. His first impulse was to wrap himself up in his mantle, and die, like Csesar at the base of Pompey's statue, with dignity, if not with comfort. But Davy's ingratitude was more than he could stand. He couldn't satisfy himself by simply saying, Et tu Brute! and you too, Brutus.. His usual gentleness, placability, and resignation deserted him, and, turning round upon the faithless Davy, he couched his lance, and rushed at him with such a terrific shock that he very nearly converted poor Davy into the well-known Kiama Ghost. Happily, however, the consequences were not quite so dreadful, and David, after a little time, was able to recover his breath — which, ior a wonder, he had lost. I tell you, said he to Mr. Parkes, ' I'll shew you up some day.' Whether he will do so or not re mains to be seen. If he does, it will be, as Falstaff says, a very pretty quarrel, in deed—David Buchanan versus the Knight i of the Rueful Countenance. There was another of Mr. Parkes's ancient friends who also appeared to have cooled towards him. We mean Mr. John Davies. He had not actually deserted — he had only wandered away a little from the fold. It is all nonsense to suppose that absence makes the heart grow fonder. It does nothing of the kind. It would^ be just as reasonable to think of warming oneself by removing from the fire ; and Mr. Parkes had been so long out of power j and seemed so unlikely to return to it, that it was only natural that his friends should look after themselves. John did not love Parkes less, but he loved Sir James more. The crumbs that fall from the Ministerial table are always tempting, and if John found them, like the forbidden fruit, delightful to behold, fair to the eye, and good to eat, who can blame him if he gave way to a little human weakness and picked up a few now and then when he got a chance. Now, however, that Mr. Parkes has come back to public life, with even a remote possibility of having a Ministerial table of his own some day or another, it is very probable that Davy and John will make it up, and return to their first, if not their only, love. 