TOWN TALK. Some of the confessions by members of the present Assembly when they travel abroad are not calculated to elevate par liamentary representatives in the opinion of their constituents. Alderman Garratt, in his seat at the corporation table, in re ferring to the bill introduced by Mr Bent, to amend the laws relating to markets, took the Mayor and other members of the corporation by surprise, by remarking that when its clauses were passed in committee only a few members of the Assembly were present, and that these were blindly ignorant of its provisions, and desired simply to be revenged on the Melbourne corporation. The Mayor remarked that he had been surprised that such a measure should have received the support or sanction of the Legislature, but after the statement made, that they knew not the nature of its provision, liis astonishment ceased. Mr Garratt qualified his words, stating that he only alluded to some of the members being in ignorance of the bill they were considering. A strange aecident is related to have recently occurred at the hospital. One of the female nurses was sufferiug severely from toothache, and being recommended to apply brandy and brown paper to the side of her head, heated the application. Un fortunately, the spirits caught fire, but the flames were not observed before the paper had been applied, and the side of the afflicted patients' face somewhat scorched. It is stated that the countor-irritant was efficacious in removing the tooth-ache. At the meeting of the South Bar won Council held yesterday (Monday), the financial statement showed that, in accord ance with the provisions of the Act, the council was out of debt at the end of the municipal year. The perambulation made by the councillors a short time ago was the means of showing how many works and repairs were required in various parts of the borough. The list of the works re commended was read over and the surveyor was instructed to prepare an estimate of the cost of the whole for presentation at the following meeting of the council. The next step will be to provide ways and means for getting the work done, and Cr. Benari intendB to bring forward the ad visability of raising a loan of £5000 or £10,000 on debentures; he argues that money being so cheap now it will be more economical to borrow and get the work' done at once than to do it piecemeal. The annual meeting of the Corio Cricket Club was held last evening, when, as will be seen by the report, the oldest member of the club, Mr J. J. Buckland, a gentleman who during a period of over twenty years has been one of its most staunch supporters,, was not elected as an office-bearer. This will create astonishment on the part of many old members of the club, who, un fortunately, were unable to be present. During the many years it has been esta blished he has done more, both as regards spending time and money in its interests, than any half dozen members, and certainly more than the fifteen or sixteen who were present at the meeting. He did not try to influence a vote; nevertheless, he had every right to expect that he would have secured a place on one of the committees, and the conduct pursued towards him savours somewhat of ingratitude. This being the 20th anniversary of the establishment of their extensive tanneiy on the banks of the Kiver Barwon, Messrs Brearley Bros, propose to celebrate it by a picnic at Bream Creek, to which they have invited their employes and friends. It is expected that there will be between two and three hundred present. A band has been engaged, so that what with music and fishing- muliet are very plentiful in the creek just new-there will be plenty of amusement. When the Cerberus wa? practising with her guns on Saturday afternoon, in Hob son's Boy, the concussion was very dis tinctly felt in the houses on Victoria Parade, Geeloog, making the windows rattle, and causing a tremulous motion. The distance must have been more than forty miles from where the cannon were fired. The report of the firing was quite ; andible. It is rumoured in town that two officials connected with some.of the hanks recently received a somewhat severe lesson in con nection with serenading after dark. Smit ten by the attractions of a charming young widow residing on the Eastern Beach, they went one evening to pay their addresses, and being repulsed created an unseemly disturbance. The widow applied to a limb of the law for satisfaction, and the result was that the offending clerks were glad to compromise the matter by the payment of £15. It is believed that the serenaders will hesitate before venturing on such ex pensive excursions in future. Mr Ashmore, of Jan Juc, had a narrow escape from being heavily fined for allow ing 830 infected sheep to go unbranded for forty-eight days. The Act provides that the fine for every head per day, under such circumstances, should be 3d per head. The Justices of the Peace Statute, however, says that an information sball be issued for every offence, and Mr Ilarwood, taking advantage of this, urged that the sum mons could not include the forty-eight days on which it was alleged the sheep were infected, but that a summons must be issued for each day, or for every offence, the summons, therefore was informal. The Police Magistrate did not agree with him, the forty-eight days being a continuation pf mqjb offeree, Mr Riley, hQwev& aaid he would amend the summons and go for one day, and the defendant, who pleaded guilty, was fined £10 7a Gil, he having run the risk of being called upon to pay £498, or more than the sheep were worth, for neglecting to brand them. The annual meeting of the Portarlington Cricket Club was held in Mr John Cal- houn's Hotel,on Saturday, September 28th. The financial position of the club was re ported as satisfactory. The annual election of officers for the following year was then proceeded with. The following were elected :-President, Mr Joseph Dredge ; vice-president, Mr Felix Dredge ;. trea surer, Air John Calhoun ; secretary, Mr Robert Wright; committee, Messrs Alfred Ebery, Henry Wright, John M'Gregor. Two new members joined the club. We trust that a statement made in the Melbourne Express, that there is no chance of Mr Higinbotham standing for the seat which will be vacated should Mr Phillips resign, does not accurately represent his intention. Men of all classes, and of various political opinions, are only too anxious that Mr Higinbotham should re enter the Assembly, where he formerly exercised so potent and beneficial an in fluence. A. resident of Colac, named Edwin Jones, has been admitted into the hospital suffer ing from serious injuries caused by his horse having trodden upon him. He states that on Wednesday evening last he was engaged leading it from a paddock and had placed a halter round its neck, when another horse came ap and bit the one he was engaged with, causing it. to rear. Jones was knocked down and trampled on till he became insensible. For tunately a neighbour, who was in the pad dock, ran to_his assistance, and conveyed him home, when it was found that several j of his left.ribs were fractured, and his left collar bone broken. Great preparations are being maae ror the yatchind season. Most of the Geelong yachts have recently been undergoing a' thorough overhaul, and some of those that have already passed .through the hands of the boatbuilders have been launched within the last day or two. The fencing off, aHd building of sheds at the Yacht Club's re eerve, on the Eastern Bencli, is being vigorously prosecuted. As a . proof of the rapidly increasing value of property in town it is stated that no less than £1200 has been offered to Mr Cowie for a frontuge of 40 feet to Ryrie street, where the disastrous fire recently tnnlr nlnrp. The South Barwon Council have agreed to support the alterations recommended by the conference of engineers and surveyors recently held in Melbourne, in the clauses of .the Borough and Shire Statute, with reference to the appointment of engineers or surveyors. The conference in their cir cular call particular attention to the fact that Mr Higinbotham, Mr Zeal, MrElsdon, Mr Doyne, and other leading members of the profession, even the examiners for the office of surveyor or engineer were ineli gible to hold office under the new acts unless they passed the examination, and alluded to the hardship that would be en tailed on many experienced surveyors if the clause compelling them to pass an exami nation were made law and put into force, and the Mayor agreed that it was best to have a practical man to one with plenty of head learning who did not know how to apply it. Owners of greyhounds would appear to be going from bad to worse. They have been remonstrated with for coursing on week days during the present breed ing season, but these remonstrances would appear to have been of no avail, even the Sabbath having been desecrated. On Sun day, it is stated, a coursing match took place between Mr Cassidy's "King of the Ring " and a black slut, in which tlTe latter was victorious. The third and conquering match between the Winchelsea and Birregurra and Gee long quoit players will commence on the Crown Hotel quoit ground this morning at 11 o'clock. The players will be the same as on the last occasion with the exception of Mr Templeton, who will be unable to play. Either Mr Collidge or Mr Kelly will play instead of him. In the evcniu" the visitors are to be entertained at a din ner,' at which the committee hope to see present all local admirers of the game. It will be noticed that the report of the health committee respecting the dirty state of the slaughterhouse erected by Mr M'Kenzie on the banks of the river was flatly contradicted at the meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell Council last (Mon day) evening. The following is a copy of the petition submitted to the members of the Corpora tion in reference to the proposed Bill to amend the Laws relating to Markets: " To the Honourable , the Legislative Council of Victoria in council assembled. The humble petition of the Mayor, alder men, councillors, and burgesses of the Cor poration of the town of Geelong humbly sheweth-1st. That a bill to amend the laws relating to markets is now before your honorable House. 2nd. That the said bill contains provisions, especially in Clause A, subversive of the purposes for which mar kets are established, inasmuch as power is conferred on corperate bodies to interfere with the _ traffic and sale of marketable commodities in districts other than their own. 3rd. That while your petitioners recognise the maximum charge for market able commodities in lieu of the present sliding scale, they believe a maximum chaarge of 2s per load would allow the various corporate bodies to lower the charge from time to time to taeet the requirements of their markets. 4th. That for efficiently carrying out the meaning of clause 4, after the words standing in line 10, the words ' or other persons' be inserted, and after the word certificate in line 11, the words ' or refusing to produce such certificate when demanded by the in spector or other person duly appointed to act m that behalf be inserted, and the words in line 13, shall have expired' be erased, 5 ,. ?' ,cIaU8,e A be entirely withdrawn or limited to the district where it is issued by the omission of the words'within ten miles. That after the word 'license,' in line 34, be inserted the words 'or refuse to produce said license when demanded by the market inspector, or other person duly appointed m that behalf." That the 3rd schedule be amended by the addition of the words 'and each additional ton or fraction thereof sixpence.' Trusting that your honorable House will take into consideration the important interests that hare grown un under the Market Statute, aud the lar sums of money that have been exnended in providing accommodation for t£e sale of m?, Le'?ble product9' ai"l not allow the said bill to pass without such alterations as will protect the interests of the Cor poration of Geelong and other cor porate bodies, in the rights conferred on them for many years by Parliament, which rights are fairly exercised by vour petitioners for the benefit of the public at large. And your petitioners, &c.;" The petition was adopted, with the understand ing that an addition should be made re questing, in. the event of the alterations suggested not being made, that the Bill bo rejected, and it was decided that a similar , memorial should at once be prepared for presentation to the Legislative Assembly. It will be observed from an announce | ment elsewhere that the Victoria Tea Gardens at Point Henry are to be re opened. for the season on the Prince of Wales' Birthday. The gardens, which on account of their fine situation, were well , patronised during the past summer, have been enlarged, improved, and provided with new objects of attraction, as well as ' mod«°on SDS °f amusement and accom A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will be belu at Mr Davison's room?, to- day. I he lands to be submitted consists of town lots at Portarlmgton ahd Jan Juc, and Cressy00 8 meats at W»urn Ponds and The case of Izod v. "Ward, heard at the Police Court yesterday (Monday) wa° a somewhat singular one. The defendant occupied a house owned by plaintiff to whom he ought to have paid Is Gd'per week rent. This rent he had not paid Bince November, 1871, and yet he engaged a lawyer to defend him, although Mr Izod 981? gopght tp regain poMSjsiop, I not go tor tne &y; -is uim mi *v«w hardly be added the bench ordered hitn to clear oat. The Town Council having declined to assist in making a footpath on the town side of the approach to the Barwon Bridge, the South Barwou Borough Council have decided upon having one made on the west side of the street, and to pay the cost of the same out of the toll fund. A footpath is also to be made from the tollhouse to the bridge, an improvement that will be much appreciated by foot passengers. We regret to observe by a paragraph in the Castleraaine Mail, that Mr Robert Howleston, one of the proprietors of the Tnrrengower Times, who was recently seized with a sudden illness, has succumbed to the attack. " Under the Gaslight" was repeated at j the Mechanics' Institute last evening to a I moderate audience. The play, with its sensational effects, was again successfully placed on the stage. A farce concluded the performance. The company have inti mated their intention of remaining in Geelong during the rest or the week. This evening " Under the Gaslight" is to be repeated, to be followed by the well-known burlesque " A Kiss in the Dark." The attention of members of the Barwon Rowing Club is directed to a notice else where convening a general meeting to-night at Mack's Hotel. There was an unexpected increase in the live stock of the Johnstone Park zoological gardens a few days ago, when a bear was horn. Young Bruin and its mother are doing as well as can be expected, and doubtless entertain hopes that they will not be disturbed by visitors for at least a few days. According to the Age, one item of the gossip to be heard at the organ recital oa Saturday night was that Signor Giorza is likely to have the post of organist at the exhibition shortly to be opened in Mel bourne. By a telegram received from Moonta on Wednesday night, the S. A. Advertiser is informed that Mr Bird ran the 11 miles in three minutes under the hour. The Government (the TelegrapVst^(W>y do not intend to introduce a bill cota" session to amend.the Shires Statute, but a - bill will be submitted next session and dis tributed among the local bodies before any action is taken upon it. We observe from -the New Zealand papers that Mr Tolmie is the newly elected member for Coversham, and had arrived at Wellington from Dunedin, and was sworn in on September 5th. We take the following from the Argus : -" Some dpubt has been thrown on the accuracy of the report which was published some time ago of a debate in the United States Senate in which the Webb steam service was very emphatically condemned. The Alta California of August 20th pub lishes a communication from an anonymous correspondent, in which the report in ques tion is contradicted, and in fact denounced as a complete fabrication. A correspondent of the New Zealand Herald, however, who has been in San Francisco, shows that the Alta has been endeavouring to deceive the Australian press. The debate, he says, was correctly reported, as was well known in San Francisco. The writer of the letter in the Alta was, he states, ' an employee of Webb's-in fact his Wash ington lobbyist, well known in San Fran cisco. I am informed that you have published Senator Chandler's speech already. This speech has been reprinted in most of the American and English papers, aad never contradicted. The Bui-, letin also gave a synopsis of what occurred during the debate. It is perfect rubbish for the Alta to talk of Webb" getting a: subsidy next session, for the very man who moved for a subsidy last session will op pose it nest time, unless finer ships are guaranteed. You are, of course, aware that the News of the World is issued from the Alta office, the proprietor of which paper is largely interested to the extent of a handsome commission in the proposed subsidy. The Alta recommends that the Webb line should terminate at the harbour of Pungo Pango, in the Samoan Group. The proprietor of that paper is a share holder in the Polynesian Land and Com mercial Company, which may, perhaps, ac count for this recommendation. No one in San Francisco pays the slightest atten tion to what the Alta says." It is mentioned by the S. A. Advertiser that a letter has been received in Adelaide r from Corolbignie Station, Gawler Ranges, containing an account of a man who is' supposed to have been lost in the bush.' It seems that on Saturday, September 14th, he arrived on the station, and after having, his supper he went out, as it was thought, to a shed to sleep in for the night. Next morning, however, he was not to be found, and nothing was heard of him until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when a blackfellow went to the station and said he had seen the man walking along the road. Mr Stokes the overseer, on hearing this, immediately , dispatched one of his hands, accompanied by the blackfellow, in a buggy to bring the wanderer back. The man had followed the track for" about eighteen miles, and then struck across the ranges known as Mosleys. The searchers followed his track for nearly forty miles from the station, and then had to turu back because they could not proceed with the buggy on account of the dense scrub. They reached the station about sundown next day, and without loss of time Mr Lyons (the owner of the sta tion), one of the knock-about-hands, and an aboriginal, started on horseback to make further search, but had not returned up to the 18th September, when the letter was. posted, so that it is feared that nothing has been heard of the lost man. If not met with by those looking for him, he must have been, at the date of the letter, without any food or water for nearly four days, and there was little prospect of his obtaining any of the latter in the direction he took. The missing man is described as a traveller, and known as Jack, and did not seem quite right in his mind. For some days past (says the Thames Evening Star) rumors have reached us that certain very strange occurrences, or mani festations (as the Spiritists call them), have been going on during weeks and even months past in a house on the I-Iape Creek. Of course we have a certain delicacy about mentioning the exact situation of the house in question, but, as it is probable that the whole affair will become a matter of public talk and comment in a short space of time now, delay in actual names and particulars cannot make much difference. This much we may say, however-that any one visit ing Greenaway's battery will not be many minutes' walk from the exact spot which the ghosts delight to honour. The manner in which the ghosts, or spirits, or media, or whatever they may be, make their presence known is of the most approved modern type. At the most un seasonable hours, particularly at night, they indulge in rappings of the loudest and most varied character. Cups and saucers are dislodged from shelf and flung violently about and across the room ; the furniture chairs(aud tables, above ail-commit antics, and indulge in vagaries, threatening to dis locate their every joint. And even beds, in which people have been sleeping, or endeavouring to sleep, are hauled about without any apparent effort on the part of the hauler. Efforts have not been wanting to discover the meaning of all this. Men have sat up at night with loaded pistols, but without attaining any definite or satis factory results, though the knockings have been plainly heard by them on every side, and even in the short space which inter vened between the places they were sittin" in. ° The following from the Express renders it more probable that Signor Giorza will be appointed city organist in Melbourne than our Melbourne correspondent appears to think:-"It is rumored that the office of city organist will be conferred upon Signor Giorza, the salary to be supplemented with the use of the Town Hall for two nights during each year of office. The marked superiority of this gentleman's performance (as shown on Saturday night last) over other aspirants was so generally acknow ledged that the confirmation of the rumor 