SUNDAY READING. Grace. TBY REV. FREDERICK DENISON MAURICE.] WE say we live under a UhriBtiuu dispensation, th we are brought within the range of Christiun infli enees, and so forth. All whioh language is good we render it buck into tho honest and simple langua^ of Scripture, if we interpret it by that ; very bad wo reduce the scriptural lunguago into it. Ti Christian dispensation ia the kingdom of our Loi Jesus Christ-, or it ia nothing. Ohristian influence or tho means of ^r-iice, are tho gracious powers whic proceed from Him, or they ure nothing. And, i we aro fond of reducing a person into an abstractioi so wo uro apt, oven wh^n wo speak of Him as a pei son, to tako only dome portion of His name, not tl whole of it ; to divide or to confuse what the Sorif tures presents to us ¡is distinct and as one. Firs tho Bible bids us think of our Lord. Wo are to ri mtmbor that wo aro under One who has manifeste Himself as in tho highest, fullest, sense tho Lord < Man ; tho Lord, not merely of the outward econom of our lives, but of our own selves, of our hearts an ruins. Wo are to recollect that ho knows us aa w are, know« our individual characters, temperament! constitutions'; knows our outward oircumsruncei knows our relations to each other. Wo uro t recollect that nil. those havo been ordered and dis posed of by Hirn ; that wo and thoy havo not bee created once, und then turned adrift to work as we. as might bo without Him, but aro under His eve an superintendanco every hour and moment. We ar to remember, that if each man has a right to say an ou ht to say, ' Lia is my Lord', yet, that ' ono Lord is the better, the inspired expression ; that it con tainB the other in itself, that it remindB eaoh ma: that he is not alone in tho world, and that the oar which is exercised over him does not interfere wit! the caro over anyone of his fellow-men. It wouli not be universal care if it were not individual, I would not be individual if it woro not universal Does that word ever seem to imply a tendernes which is inconsistent with judgment and scrutiny Brethren, no real tenderness can be apart from judg ment and scrutiny. We need to have the precious ant the vile separated in each of us All society "de manda that same separation. He who is our Lori muBt be our Judge. But, Secondly, He is our Lord Jesus. That nami recalls His life and work upon earth. It bring before us the Child ab Bethlehem and Boy in thi Templo, Him who went about doing good, the De liverer of the bodies of mon from their plagues It reminds us of Him who spoke on thi Mount of Him who taught by parables, of Him wh< sat with tho disciples at the Paschal Feast, of thi agony in the garden, of the death on the cross. Ii all those oct«, and words, and sufferings, Jesus, thi Saviour, the Son of Man, was manifesting Himself In all these Ho was showing forth that parfoct grsci which can only appear in humiliation and sacrifice In all theso He was giving up Himself, He was con testing with the spirit of selfishness, rle was re deeming our nature from its tyranny. Oftentimei in the contemplation of His perfect human graco men havo been diaposod to forgot whence it came to think of the Son as separate from the Fathor ; tc forget that the glory of His life and work was this that ho refusod over to separate Himsolf from thi Fathor, that He did nothing without the Father. Thirdly, tho apostles always speak of Him ns thi Lord Jesus Christ. Thoy compel us to remembei that He was anointed of the Fathor ; that tho voicf from "heaven proclaimed Him the only-bop otten Son; that the spirit of the Fathir descsnded upon Him; that in the might of that spirit"He wrestled with the evil spirit ; that in the might of that spirit He preached tho gospel to tho poor, and broke the bonds of those whom the ovil spirit had bound, and deli vered the victims ol'death, and gavo up Himself to death, and roso from tho dead, and ascended on high. They describo the Christ as coming into tho world t > baptize with the Holy Spirit. They connect the Christ in heaven with tho promise of the Father which was fulfilled to the children upon earth, i h<jy Bpaak of His triumph ns accomplished when He oould send forth His disciples to preach to nil nations, that God in Christ had reconciled the world to Him solf, that Ho had givon bis spirit to dwell with men * to rule their hearts and tongues, that they might be healed with tho nuinoof tho Father, and the i-on, and the Holy Ghost, the ono Ged blessed for ever. 'The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ', compre hends all that ia contained in thm Divine Revelation. It supposes the discovery to men of a Father, who has sent His own Son to adopt them into His fami y. It supposes a deliverance (rom the tyranny of evil gods and of visible things It supposes a recognition of mon as endued with spiritual capacities, croated to bear the image of Him who is above them, and to rule over that whioh is below them. It suppos&s; the union of men into a society of which Christ is the living l ead, and which derives all itt) life from Him. It supposes tho gift of a comforter to dwoll with them, and raise them, and unite thom to their Father in heaven, and their brethren on earth. It supposes the nead of perpetual renewal of divine forgiveness and divine strength, that men may not sink back into a worse death than that out of which Ho has raised them, thnt they may bo witnessos for God, and bring forth fruits to God. It BupposeB a grace which shall be adapted to all special circum stances, sorrows, temptations. It supposes distinct gracea flowing from the one perfect fountuin of grace, whioh shall enable each member to fulfil it-" placo in the body, to do the work whioh is assigned it with out intruding upon the work of any other, to help the roBt, to suffer with the reBt. It supposes a con tinual struggle between life and death, light and darkness, grace and rudo will, the spirit and tho world, God and the devil. That the Churchos of Asia might engago heartily in this struggle, that thoy might be victorious in it, St. John says to them-' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.' He knew that in one sense this grace was with thom all, and would be with them all. If it had not beon compassing thom about when they wero heathens, there would have been no gospel to preach to them, St. P.ml oould not have told the savages of Lycaonia that God WOB sending tho raino from heaven and fruitful reasons, filling their hoarts with food and ylodness. He could not then have prayed far tho Ephesians, that thoy might not live aa tho othor Gentiles, ignorant of the life of God that was in them, alienated from Him by wicked works. The grace was there; the whole preation would have withered, if it bad not been there; men would have destroyed it. But when ho desired v that it might bo with them, He denied that they might know th« power of it in the daily blessing of it. For redeemed, regenerate men to live no if they had never been redeemed, as if they were only born of the flesh, was possible, was easy ; every day's experience showed how possible, how ensy. To hold fast that which they had received, to believe that which was true, required a continual effo t What should brace them to tho effort ? what should quicken them so that they Bhould not become benumbed with the world's frosts, and covet sleep aa benumbed men covet it, and die in that sleep ? 'Tho grace of our Lord Jesus Christ,' was the awakening, renovating eaergy. ... i It is an infinite comfort that I may part with you, I not with words of mine, not with wishes of mine, but wi h the assurance that there is a grace which penetrates beneath all words and all wishes, which can make its presence felt, which can make us gra cious. I may say to you,- Friends and brothers, in the midst of your work, when you are trying to be honest find faithful, and finding how hard it is to be honest und faithful ; in your family circles ; as Eng lish citizens ; in lonely hours ; when you ar« struggling with temptations which only tho Searcher of hearts knows ; when you are trying to pray, and cacnot pray; when all things in heaven and earth seem unstable ; when you aro crushed with the re membrance of failures ; when you are looking in vain for faces that once comforted you ; in your tribulation as in your wealth ; in the hour of death ; in that day of judgment which shall show us how closely we have been relutod to each other, and what a divino power hus boen using even tho feeblest instrument to draw us to itself:-may the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amer.' 