1 FICTION. (Tro«* K»«Hih» AiMrlMBt «ad oUwr PwlodloAls.) LUKE PËÊL'SLEGACY. BY KISS EMMA -WENBORJT. CHAPTER X. X.CTE PEEi'8 LEGACY. Luke'wasnp and on deck, before bia eyes were fairly open* and as soon as he got clear of the vessel, it did not take bim long to get to the railway sta- tion. «But as hu had to wait for a couple of boura for a train, it was evening when he entered the smoky city of Manchester--evening, and the long English twilight as he passed under the railway arch on Livesey-« treet, down the familiar Kock dale road, and across the common toward the poor cottage in front of the "Ghost Pool." How little and mean it looked* he thought, and not that alone but every- thing seemed to have a soot- begrimed, blotted look. Hu feet ao trembled under hun, as he beared the .mall abode, that he was forced to stop awhile, and think the whole affair over, telling himself that she was in. that very cottage, and would soon speak to bim, showing bim by her own sweet presence that the story:of her death waa false. Without pausing for farther thought, he rapped hastily at the door, and raised the latch before anyone could come to open it. An old woman-Bat there with two children. That was all he saw as he dropped into the nearest seat. "Oh, now d*you do, sir," cried the old woman, barely rising from her chair, when she sat down again., ""You don't seem to mind of me, sir. I'm Martha Bambridge." ** YeSj'yeaj," he answered, impatiently. " I remem- ber you; tell me of Alice Grimes." ** Law, air! didn't thee get the letter I ßent, telling o'herjdeathî1" ** Yes, I got the letter," he said, and paused wearily, then asked abruptly : " Was it true ?" The old woman jumped from her seat, trembling all overeat the Budden question, and asked in a quaJring voice: " DceVee think I'd lie to thee P What 'ud be my gain P- i-I think if s enough to have kept those two youngjuris ein» her death." .*Are*'thee© the children?" asked Luke, turning towartftbe two dirty specimens before him. " Yesi them's the ones." ** The boy seems aum'at larger than the girl seeing theySstwins." * , . _ " Boys Aré allers more f or'ard than girls " Luke took this lucid explanation of the slight dif- ference in the children's sizes all in good faith, and inquired where f hey had -buried Alice. *In Harpurhay cemetery,"- replied Martha. " Dotf ëe want to know owght el6e f* Luke did want to know all she had to tell, but the woman seemed so devoid of any sympathetic feel- ing, that he refrained from asking her anything more that night .He proposed, however, that she should accompany bim to Harpurhay, next morning, and point out'Alice's grave. Ab be rose to go. Luke thought of UUrs, Aspeli, and asked what had become Of her. .vii;í . - **LawiKrflrI-didsfeo never bear as how she went Taring, crazy mad and killed her two children ?" *Majlr*_ ejaculated Luke. * Yes; sir; after her mon was burnt in the Moseley mine, which, exploded, and nearly ruined the Moseley " Is the mill running yet ?" "Not'it; it be'ant working for the last twel' month, and old Moseley and his wife are living sotne wberésín'tbe country quite broken down louee." Lujte^proposed to return to America with the greatert expedition, and, upon inquiry, found that Se could do so in a few days. After making all his arrangements, and carefully counting over the little stock of money he had brought with hun, Luke, to- gether with Martha Bambridge, setout in the omnibus for Harpurhay. How the well-remembered fields and little stone cottages on the way smote his heart -places that he and Alice together had gazed upon-deep shady lanes where they bad taken long Sunday walka, and simple Alice had gathered the sweet, pink adged.English daisy. But how changed it all seemed,'now that she walked no more with him. The yellow sunshine might brood over the fields this early spring day, and lift up the faces of the primrose and cowslip in the dells- might brighten the hedges with the pink-tinted buds of the coming May blossoms-but it could not brighten his weary life into any seeming *of joy. Oh! a sad welcome home had poor Luke to his native land. ** I think as this is the place," Baid Martha, after bunting~about in a doubtful sort of way. She pointed, as she spoke, to a large, long mound of newly-heaped earth, very unlike a grave, but re- sembling the trenches made on a battle-field to bury tee dead As Luke looked surprised and greatly depressed, she hastened to explain : " Tou see.as 'ow abe couldn't afford a grave all by henelf, so they put her coffin in one hole, with many others.* ~ * But the only apparent heed he took of her words was to awkwardly band her the omnibus fare, and tell her he would like to stay thei e a while. ' She accepted the money reluctantly, having a vague sus- picion tbat he meant to dig up the body and look at st ; but was greatly relieved, as she watched from a hiding-.place, to see him only kneel down on the grave and bow his head on his breast-then solemnly taise his hand toward Heaven, as though making an oath. * When he returned t<> the cottage the children were ready dressed in their poor best, waiting for him, for ne intended to remain io Liverpool till the vessel sailed. When they were all ready to start, Martha Bambridge produced from the bosom of her dress two^soiled and crumpled letters, and handing them toLukeaaid: M She as lays oop at Harpurhay told me to give thee these, arid say as'ow she wanted you never to tell the children who they were till they wera twenty yeeiroki, and- then thee was to give 'em these." u And how old are they now ?" asked Luke. "Uhreè years come next Whitsuntide." "Seventeen years to come?" mused Luke, as he oartfoDy placed the letters in his breast pocket, and | for theflrat time thought, with dismay, of the task he was imposing upon himself. Seventeen years! Where-would- he be then ! What if death should bereave the children a third time, and leave them to toe tender mercies of Mary Jane ? When it carne to the point of starting, the child dresosaawed some repugnance at going with Luke, bat be tried his best to coax them, saying : ".Come, poor chicks, come with Uncle Luke, for yoifte all the legacy abe had to leave me." 