PUNCH'S PRIZE HAND-BOOKS. No. 1. — Guide to the Farm. Part Y. Farm Animals. — continued. The Horse. — Unlike the bull and the cow, the horse has no horns. This is through no fault of his own. It has, however, like most other animals, an inside and an outside, the latter being situated at the distance of about a foot from the former — hence the advice fre quently tendered in our public thoroughfares to indifferent riders to " get inside and pull down the blinds." Most of the horse's hair is worn at the back of its head ; when pricked with a pin or pair of scissors a horse will jump. The most famous horses in history are — 1\. That upon which the lady rode d la Goderic attired simply in " rings on her fingers and bells on her toes as far as Banbury Cross," though from what starting-point is not recorded. — 2. The horse ches- nut or chesnut horse that we read about in recitation books, and over which it is so hard to smile. — 3. The Rockin' Horse of the Prairies — 4\. The Towel Horse of King Lares and Queen Penates — 5. C. E. Hors(e)ley — 6. The Old Hoss of Yankeedom — 7, and best, Horse- tralian. There is a proverb " ne'er to look a gift horse in the mouth," to which we may add the injunction — "never jump down his throat." Young horses are called colts but so, are certain revolvers, and this confuses matters. Horses are not difficult to rear ; in fact they often rear themselves. If you buy a horse whose colour you are not satisfied with, give him an overcoat of paint outside his own coat. We suggest vermilion as novel and pleasing to the eye. The cheapest way to procure a horse is to steal one and lead him by a halter to your humble home. If you have no halter, make your want known to the nearest magistrate, and he will put you in the way of getting one shortly after. The Sheep. — Like the horse, the sheep has four legs, two in front and two behind. The sheep gives us wool, or rather we take it. To the sheep we are also indebted for mutton-chops, sheep's eyes, and other delicacies of a similar nature. The most important operation in connection with sheep is shearing them. The best way to do this is to get somebody else to do it, and give him the wool for his trouble. The people who look after sheep are called shepherds. They are specially bred for the purpose. There is a Shepherd's Nursery near Sydney. We have no doubt that the proprietor would be most happy to show you his stock of young Shepherds on application. In the older days shepherds used to put pipes in their mouths to pro duce music (?) withal. They now use pipes for a very different pur pose ; like horses, sheep may be stolen. Enquire of any poor but dishonest Cockatoo squatter. The Pig. — There is a subtle charm about this animal that has caused it to be the theme of poets, in all ages and all climes, since Numa Pompilius first chewed tobacco. The poet laureate of America is said to have netted upwards of 50,000 dollars by his grand Epic "the whole hog or none," while the author of "the little pig under the gate " realised a handsome independence by that touching story of porcine life. Pigs are sometimes shorn, but their wool does not command a very high price in the market. The Ghost of Hamlet's father speaks of the pig of the period when he says — " Make each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon a fretful porker's spine. " 