f c REPORT OF STNODAIi' BOARD : OF EBUCATION. j' This Committee has given careful considera tion to the subject of education during. the past year, and has already presented, a progress reDort to the Standiner Committee. It has further .to ^ report that the Lord Bishop was respectfully requested to; issue a pastoral address onjthe duty of the Church with respect' to the education of her ohildren, ? to be read in all the churches in the'Diocese'bn a day to be appointed by lhe Bishop, and that His Lordship consented to do so so soon as the action, of the Parliament should .have! been decided on. Inconsequence of the late changes of Adnuniatratioh nbme'asure on the subject is at present before the House of ' Assembly, and the matter remains' ittslatuffw.. ? S , .J, J'S. Greek, Secretary.' S LAY. READER^. . .' ? , , His Lordship laid on the table, in accordance with a request made by the Hon. A. .Blyth at theilastmeetiBgy list of lay readers. This was accompanied by forms required to be filled up on ihe licensing of a reader. :» ? The Hon. A. Bltth asked whether the lay readers had roving commissions, or whether they were only appointed for one district. His Lordship.— They are confined to one, district, and have no authority, , to go beyond that district without further leave from the Bishop. -??' ? ? ' ! Mr. Moulden— But in a case of emergency, my Lord? ; .' ' His Lordship— Then he must 'ask for an mdemnity.- (Laughter.) ????:.. '? DIVINE SERVICE. The Rev. Dean Russell stated that there would be Divine services at St; Paul's Church every afternoon during the sitting of Synod. '' THANKS TO THE BISHSP. * Dean Russell moved— r /'That the thanks of Synod are due to Hia Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, which, with the, 'statistical returns, be printed in the report.' ' He remarked that there was no motion before them which it would give him greater pleasure ?to1 move than this. He had listened to the various subjects brought up in the address with the greatest interest, especially the portions referring to the alteration of the Athanasian Creed and the question of education, in which they all felt a double interest. Whether or not they agreed with His Lordship in the matter he touched upon, they were interested And .in structed, and they were glad that, although years were growing upon him, the Bishop was still able to interest himself in the questions of the time. : ? , Mr. F. Wicksteed seconded 'the' motion, which was unanimously carried.;^ - , : ? ' i ADOPTION OF BEPOBTS. ?- Mr. R. B. Collet moved— ......... j ' That the report of the Standing Committee and the Election, Missionary, and Synodal Board of Education Committees be received, taken as read, and published inreport.' ? ] '.. \ .[ Carried.. ' '' .. \ '.'',' . ' .\'''-.' ... Mr. R.B. Collet moved— ,' ' \ . ' . .' ,' That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of 1 Synod for the year ending1 Easter; 1872, and of ?'the' Trustees of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be received, adopted/ and published in repert.' ; :- . ?/?_,.. ??. . ?-, ? i '.-;?.?:'?? .l'-'7 ' ?-'?„- Mr. Thrupp, seconded! ? f' -? ; ; . 1: Carried, i :, :,.,-; '.; ? , - . .;- _.-,? ..: :: , Mri R. B. Collet moved— . - ; ? . j l / ,i ' That the thanks of Synod be given . tp^the Attorneys ef the Society for the Prdpagatioa of, the. Gospel, the Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund^ the Committees of the Melanesian' Mis- sion, 'Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library for their report* and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the report.' ! ' ? ? Camed. . r UPilUfl rUtt JTKAIBB. ' ' 1 t Bis Lordship brought under the notice of Synod copies of correspondence he- had received from England in reference to a proposal f or a union in prayer in May, 1872, similar to that held |in December, 1869, at the time of the 'holding ef- the OZcumenical Council at Rome. The first letter was from the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird, .M.P., to Dr. Merle D'Aubigne', Geneva, suggesting the repetition of prayer for '?' the conversion of the. members of the Roman Catholic Church, and for a gracious outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon themselves and upon all Churches of Christ around the habitable globe.' Among the encouragements to which attention was' drawn, as showing a rapid change in the nations under the influence of - Rome,- it was \- remarked that of the five Powers which had coalesced to restore the present Pope after his expulsion from Rome in 1848, viz.— the Grand Duke i of Tuscany, the King of Naples, the Queen of Spain, the Emperor of ; Austria, and ; Louis Napoleon— four had fallen, .and . the ; jother (Austria) had been driven out of Italy, and into doubtful relations with the Papacy. The spread of the Bible and the extension of religious freedom were also pointed out. The following were suggested as topics for intercession : — 1. Prayer for the con version of the souls of Roman Catholics, especially of their ecclesiastics and dignitaries. 2\. Prayer for Particular Countries. —For France, that it may reject every religious system which places the traditions of men on an equality with the Word of God, and that its unbelief may be changed into true faith; for Spain, that its pre sent state of enquiry may pass into full Gospel light; for Italy, that its new freedom and opportunities may be followed by as awakening of conscience and renewal of heart amongst the people generally; for Germany, that tha conflict now engaged in may develop real spiritual life, and lead to a new reformation; for America, that in its , Protestant countries the li&ht; may shine more brightly, and in the Roman Catholic ones a great and effectual door may be opened to the preachinz of ' the Gospel; for England, that. the tendency to Romanizing in Church and State may be checked, and Scriptural holiness diffused among the people ; for Ireland, that the present sub jection of the majority of its people to Roman ism may be broken. 3. Prayer for Mission Fields.— -1) That where the heathen or newly, converted Churches have not been misled as to Christianity by the idolatrous usages of Rome, they may be saved from that evil ; (2) that where the missionaries of Rome confront our missionaries, the power of Supreme grace may cause the truth to prevail; (3) that bucL heathens as have under Romish influence em braced a perverted Christianity may be led to renounce all that is of heathenism and all that is corrupt, and to seek and find the truth as it is in Jesus in all its fulness.' The reply from Dr. D'Aubigne' agreed in the desirability of devoting some days to prayer, but suggesting additions to the proposal. There were now in Christendom two adversaries which menaced the religion of the Gospel— Romanism on the one side, Infidelity and Rationalism on the other. He proposed that it might be desirable to insert one or two points for inter cession as follows:—*' Prayer, that the doctrines of salvation, of our fallen state, of faith in the expiation of the cross, of justification, regenera tion, and the grace that flows from possessing them, may become more living in every Protes tant, by the grace of the Holy Ghost. _ Prayer, that the communion of each of us with Christ mar be true, that each Protestant may be able to say with St. Paul— 'Christ dwelleth in me, and that having the mind of Christ we may glorify the Saviour, and win souls to Him.' Prayer, that the Head of the Church, to whom all power is given in heaven and earth, would graciously banish from the Church the errors of infidelity, rationalism, and superstition, and give repentence to the acknowledging of the truth; so that faith, charity, and concord may be restored to the Churches of the Reformation.' Evangelical efforts could only do good to Roman Catholics when they were dictated by love for souls, and were pure and living. Dr. .Duff, from Edinburgh, had specially re quested that the accompanying addition might be made to the requests for prayer under the heading of 'Prayer for mission fields :'— 'That special supplications be made for the speedy and complete overthrow of all the mighty systems of anti-Christian error, such as Moham medanism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Confuciusism, Tapwism, with every form of pagan idolatry and superstition,' as without this many .missionaries womld feel themselves left out who had ? to contend only with the. most gigantic forms of heathenism, superstition, witchcraft, &c.; \- : His Lordship remarked on the charitable and catholic tone of Dr. D'Aubigne's letter. He did not mean to endorse the whole of it, but there was shown in the correspondence the desire among Christians throughout the world to be dra|wn together more in love and prayer than they had hitherto. - .;.?' ?'. . ' i It was decided that, there should- be a debate on the subject next day. . . . 1 ,. .„?;? CONVENTION- IN SYDNEY.. ; His Lordship stated that there was, to be a Convention of the Bishops and representatives of ;the Various 'Australasian dioceses in Sydney, probably ih'September next. One subject to be, discussed was the formation of a Consensual Court of Appeal in England from colonial i Churches, as to which matters of doctrine might be jref erred, as there might be differences of 'opinion between local metropolitans. Another 'question to be considered was a despatch of Earl Kimb'erley, Secretary, of State for the Colonies, in answer to a letter of the Bishop of Sydney, calling attention to, the status' of colonial Bishops appointed by the Crown in, Qplonies; where there were Constitutions, and the status* of clergy ordained by them in reference to the Established' Church of England. The purport of the 'despatch was that Bishops had no coercive jurisdiction in colonies which had obtained constitutional government prior to the granting of Letters Patent to Bishops without a suecial Act of the Colonial. Parlia- ment, and that acts of Bishops, who had not the requisite power conferred upon them— such as ordination of clergymen— were null and void. He did not think this affected his case, as he was appointed antecedent to the formation of the Constitution; but the question was raised whether the endowments on his death could pass to his successor. He thought he would have to get legislative sanction to recognise his corporation, or return the endowment tempo rarily to the donors. The disqualificatioa of clergymen ordained by Bishops who had not obtained a status from colonial legislation, and who were equal in piety and zeal to their brethren in England— (Hear, hear)— to fill posi tions as ministers in England was most unfair. He mentioned that he had been asked to preach the opening sermon at the Conference. He took this more as a compliment to tho diocese than himself. He had to ask the Synod to appoint men in whom they could trust to con sider at the Conference this question, partly ecclesiastical,' partly legali , .. . ' Farther consideration was postponed till next dayj ?'?...' '? ' SYNODAL EXPENSES. ,, ; Mr.'B;.B. Collet moved— ! , ? ?'That the assessment for Synodal expenses be the same as last year with the exception of the alterations proposed by the Standing. Com- mittee.' The Rev* ! Leslie Smith objected to the assessment 'for O'Halloran Hill Church, and the ' objection ? was referred1 to the1 Standing. Com- mittee, with' power to act— ' _. .' ..?.,''.'?.' ,'..'. . ..; Tne motion, ' subject to this revision, .was . earrijed.:- ' ? ? :'r' :. ? '' ' ,'? . . :- '' :,' ..?'''.' ?' ': ? Mr. R. B. Collet; moved— ' ...' /,' That' Christchurch, O'HaUoran, Hill ; St. ' Philip and1 St. James's, Noarlunga; and floty JrimtyVRiyerton, be placed in Schedule*, C; in' ! compliance' with the recommendatibn *^bf ^the Standing Committee.' ' * . * '.'fv ., JJ -.: :'VCarried;r;- -';'ri ' 'i;. \ V' ;;;;'; .'' ''*'?'? ' EDITING OF REPORT OF SYNOD. , , ? *!'Mr. C. B. Young proposed-^- - . '?'?**? That the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat,' Rev. Henry R-5ad', Mr. Colley, Mr. Neville Blytti, and :Mr. jWicksteed be a Committee to 'edit the report of Synod, and that it be an instruction to ' them! to incur as little expense as possible.' ' , '/.Carried.'- - ' ' ' . ': .' 'i'i :' ?? ' t Ii TITLES TO CHURCH PROPERTY: . ? ' , ? Mr- Neville Blyth proposed— ? \- ' '. «']jhat for the future, in the case of Churches seeking union with Synod, the land whereon tke Church'stands being under the provisions of the Real [Property Act, it shall be absolutely neces sary that the certificate of title be-in the name of. the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated.' He mentioned that he had brought forward this questjon at the request of the Election Com mittee, and pointed out that all land alienated from the Crown after the Real Property Act had passed into law was under the Act, and land disposed of previously pould be brought under it. One qf the peculiarities of the Act was that it recognised no trusts, the person whose name was on the grant being the owner. He did not desire td take any power from the Churches, but simply to provide for the protection of the property against the death or insolvency of the holders. ??..;.-. ? Mr. ] Thrupp concurred in the object Mr. Blyth j had in view, but he thought it would interfere with the patronage of the Churches in appointment --r- ministers,- the principle being that tney should be appointed, except whore there was a Select' Vestry, by a Committee con sisting', of the Churchwarden, Trustees, and two or^ three other members elected annually— a principle for which ihe laity fought when the Synod was first constituted. A result of the motion would be, he thought, to make the Synod pne of the nominating parties. Another difficulty he saw was in case an accusation was brought against a clergyman, and sentence was pronounced which had to be given effect to by the Vestry. He thought it would be ill-advised to pa?s the resolution, and he suggested its reference to the Committee. After some discussion the motion was carried, and the amendment for reference to the Com mittee negatived. The House then adjourned for an hour. 