LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. - SlTTINOB IN BQUIlr. OÍD COURT nousa-MONDAY, Apnir, 29. «(Belore his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth.) MUIR V. M'GREGOR. His SoNOURdjftreredtbofollowing judgment ia-this *uit:-TTrig is a bill by the plaintiff, Mr. Muir, seeking to make a former partner, Mr. Duncan Robert M'Gregor, be treated as a trustee for both in a purchase of tho partner- ship assets, and accountable for his subsé- quent trading with thom. There is a good deal of confusion and difficulty in ascertaining tho facts. 'J here was a partnership of wine mercbantr*f Messrs. Anderson, Greig, and plaintiff,Lr ading as Anderson, Greig, and Co., which stylo was retained by their successors. Anderson retiring, a new firm was formed of Greig, plaintiff, and defendant, under a memorandum of agreement, written by defendant, .dated December l8, 1869, by which it was agreed that the partnership should be for five years from January, subject to a notico of six months by each of dissolu- tion or withdrawal, on terms as might be agrer-d upon ; each to bring in £400 capital, defendant in cash, the others in stock-, trade, debts, &c.; ; defendant to put in an additional capital to on extent not exceeding £400, within two months, if thought advisable by the majority of tho firm, interest on the same to be chargeable to the firm at bank rates ; a statement of profit and loss to be made up every six months ; tho proportion belonging to each partner, namely, a third, to be transferred to his account ; no partner to withdraw at any time more than at the rate of £200 per annum, unless with the consent of his partners ; at the expiration of the term or other deter- mination of the partnership the £400, or any part thereof that might bo borrowed by the firm, to be repaid to defendant or his repre- sentativos. The plaintiff insists that the de- fendant was bound under this to bring in the second £400, to remain in as long as the firm lasted, subject to the rather obscure power -f withdrawal, and in this I am inclined to :i_,. *vith him. The defendant did bring in n t-f coi. £41)0 after the expiration of tho two mouth". This money he procured partly from Mr. Brown, partly from his brother Mr. John M 'Gregor. He obtained from the firm ¡in acceptance to a bill for £400, dated (itli April, 1870, drawer's name in blank, and deposited it with Brown or his brother as col- lateral security with his own bill for £200. The transaction was done so as to make the firm prin.urily liable for the £400 at the end of a year; ¡vi.d if, intended to be conformable to Ihc articles, it according to my view was not. September 30, 1870, Greig retired from tho partnership after a settlement of account, in which a balance was found duo to himself, and delui dant continued in the business in equal shares, without a now express agreement, as plain till.alleges according to the terms of the aTticlt'H, which defendant denies. Without a new ,i. rangement it would be hard to say the old continued as to the defendant's second JC100 remaining on loan for the residue of five veáis-it was a fourth of the second partnor thip i.ipital, a third of tho third. April, 1S7U, when defendant's bill to Brown fell due, it was not paid either by him or tho firm, and Biown sued upon it; and he being sub- ject to the danger of the Insolvent Court, urged nlaintiff to call a meeting of the crediton of the firm, which was done, The plaintif1 now seeks-not as a main sub- ject tor relief, but as an addition to tho main- to charge the defendant with the io:--- r.,miling from this meeting, and a s»''Oi.ii assignment of the partnership i -iti.ti'io a trustee for creditors, as it wa3 the {.tfciidant's duty to provide payment out of . '. n funda. I think there is something Ka ihn grievance, but the plaintiff did not then ur<e it. He aays now that the partner .-..lip vis able to meet ita liabilities, including lins, buta letter of his April 14, 1871, to the I'lfundunt looks otherwise. A meeting of "ieditors was convened April 28, another incotiug Moy 4, 1871. At it the plaintiff and defendant produced a statement of affairs, Äiit>v>iij!$ assots, £1,388 14s. 5d.; liabilities, ( ijf.0 JQ ¡. 9d. At the foot was a memorandum oí the £400 as loan account per overdue hill, 'ibis meeting was adjourned to the 6tb, when the creditors required an assignment toMr. Martin as their trustee, to which the jj.i'iners agreed. Martin, in anticipation of the execution of tbo deed, went to tho pre ii.:Í;". ,.nd formally took possession of the st^ci, and said something to the plaintiff i'ml i« 'endant about remaining in charge for ¡tiru > >ing nothing without his instructions, in vi ich they acquiesced; they remaining, boxeur, carried on business apparently as before, to some extent buying and selling, dtavt'.g their usual maintenance. The deed of at iii.'nment was executed, dated May 10, 1B73. It recited that the firm was indebted for debts onumerated (including the £400 as to John M'Gregor and a debt to the Warrenheip jDi°tilkry Company), and an agreement to assign all their estate and effects to Martin ?s trustee. The operative part convoyed accordingly stock-in-trade, moneys, securities, and audits upon trusts to sell by auction or contract for cash or on credit, and to divide proc, . <ls equally. The deed contained the usiial power to employ the debtors as agents io eollect. Then followed a release to the riebtui. All the creditors except the War- renheip Company signed at once, it after cbioy. After some time Martin, with the cjocurrenco of plaintiff and defendant, tcocvdod to realise by sale by tenders ."dvcrtued for. I have not the adver ti'iunient nor lists for tendering in evi I'jnce. I presume the sale was to be of the i se '. - ¡is varied by the dealings after Martin k'ok possession. No stranger tendered during tbe ti mo limited. After it was expired, as 1 collect, Martin first said something to the J(iei, dants about becoming tenderers, and the; both thought on the subject. The de< ¡i ridant sent a tender as from himself alone io Martin, dated 10th June, 1871, for £540, for amiets of Anderson, Greig, and Co., he a<\i'i Ung the liabilities to John M'Gregor foi ¿..00 and to Captain Coffey for £51 17s. 6d.; tin'amount payable, &o.; Martin considering tlu\ insufficient, defendant sent a second ten der, as from himself also, dated June 21, ten denn,; £665, he accepting the liability foi ~~.'n, payable £300 cash on delivery of goods, ri'.lunco by acceptance three months, the i í ) be on the understanding that all cré- diter! bad or should immediately sign the tra I deed. A meeting of creditors was held Juno 21, when tbe last offer of defendant t,a<, incepted subject to the signature of tht ".inheip Distillery Company being ob 'ried. The signature was obtained, defend .»¡ii., looney, paid to Martin, and Martin pul 'icCendant in possession, as he now is. The pnin l upon which there is a material conilicl oí oidence between plaintiff and defendant i.) tiiin : the plaintiff alleges that he supposée Unit tbe tender put in by defendant wai ',o i/u on behalf of both, that the de fendant so acted as to make him thinl oo, and that he therefore forbore to tender 'J he defendant denies that he ever lee the plaintiff to suppose that he tendere« for any but himself. Before coming to thi question upon evidence I should notice argu merits for the plaintiff as to the partnershii virtually subsisting after the assignment t< creditors so as to incapacitate one partne ii r<m tendering on his sole account. I cauno adopt this view. A trading partnership coi or. I y work upon capital. An assignment of al <t i capital necessarily terminates its dealings and to for the same reasons as induced ¿ii y -agliah Courts to hold an assignment of all i 4 ed' r's property an act of bankruptcy, Iwouli i ' Id -.'joh assignment a dissolution. The part 'Hi- might have separate property or credit fr p commence trade, but their joint credit an' I "oi irty was gone. Their continuing ii .W'-.uont trade was, I think, on thoevidenc n mere agency for Martin ; their drawingi wir payments, the tenders sought from th t> ililli, were inconsistent with any rocognitio of ¡ntnrestin them. The creditors sought t ii J 1 i,o as best they might, getting no tender from others, sold to defendant, not preferrin bin un a partner. It is true that the amouo l<l:¡.ii had some reference to the dividen "' üb it would yield. The defendant wanto pUntiff to Bign a notice of dissolution; the mimili, be for evidence of his concurrence 1 ¡v en if a ghost of the partnership survived th dei ii.,{transfer, I think defendant might bat tem'i red as well as a stranger, if undo Moe ii so to do for himself. I am inclined t think that the plaintiff did suppose thi ci (aidant's tender was for both. He too dot -i the note of the meeting as interest»« Al* halóse of the meeting, June 21, Marti) wnpippeared for some reason to think wil plaintiff, Baid, I supposo you have arrange tins matter between you. The defendant i one. said he meant it all for himself. | The hod then high words, each maintaining h «wa view, and Martin withdrew. The plaii uil nme day wrote to Martin stating h artouishment at the defendant's coi duct, and that be would have tei <jîrid if he thought the tender wasfordefe o ant only, and noticing that the acceptan oi ;>,ii tender was incomplete, as thesignatu er! trio Wiwrcinheip Company was not o a:jje"l. But I think the plaintiff had i "(i "rounded reauon to suppose that ti '* ci r was for both. If defendant were actii »S1 ?*' BUre,y «° should have consulted ti F -.' 'iff as to tho »mount to be tendered. 7" Cash was to be paid, he should ha '""'"ed him a« to the way of raising it, ai u'sjiiered the resources of each. The is no pretenco that bo did either, at all events after the first conversation with Martin. Plaintiff admits that at one time defendant proposed that both should tender, but says he.ohjected to it, and that defendant proposed that he (defendant) should tender for himself, to which ho said that he would not agree to anything by which they should oppose each other (I supposeras to raising price). The plaintiff in no way appeared as a joint party at the meeting, when defendant thanked the creditors, and spoke of hoping to pay in full, which also negatives his supposing that the sale was from motives of kindness to the partnership. There is one matter in which I think the defendant culpable as not having undeceived the plaintiff, supposing that no tendered for both. The plain- tiff states that he showed defendant a written tender which he had prepared a« from the firm for about £600, with a sug- gestion for paying 2s. Gd, in the pound more in six months; that defendant said, "I have sent a tender already ;" that plaintiff then said, "Then there is no occasion for this," and tore up the firm's tender. This the de- fendant does not distinctly deny or explain. It is questionable whether tho failure was not occasioned by the defendant forcing the firm to pay his private dobts representing capital which ho should not have so soon withdrawn. He contrived certainly to make a particularly good separate provision for himself out of the ruins of tho partnership property, and I think on the whole that I should not give him costs ; and discharge the bill without costs. Bill dismissed without costs. "' VICE-ADMIRALTY COURT. FBIDAY, APRIL 2G. (Before his Honour Sir W. F. Stawell, Chief Justice.) BE THE SHIP WHIRLWIND. This was a suit instituted by the owners of the ship Oliver Cromwell against the owners of the Whirlwind, to obtain compensation for salvage services. Mr. Webb for the promotors ; Dr. Mackay and Mr. J. W. Stephen for the respondents. The case, as stated by the promoters, was that in Decomber, 1869. the Whirlwind, T. F. Graham, master, while on a voyage from Hong Kong to Melbourne, grounded on Brower's Reef in the Java Sea. On the 10th December the Oliver Cromwell, then on a voyage from Hong Kong to New York, sighted the Whirlwind, which was then flying a signal of distress. A boat from the Whirlwind pulled alongside the Oliver Cromwell, and an officer in the boat asked for assistance. This the master of the Oliver Cromwell promised to render. Accordingly, the Oliver Cromwell cast anchor, and remained with the Whirl- wind for three days. During this time the greater part of the crew of the Oliver Crom- well was on board the Whirlwind running the cargo from one vessel to the other. A ship called the Rajah of Cochin also rendered assistance to the Whirlwind, taking on board the luggago and personal effects of the master, crew, and passengers. Ultimately, by the aid of the other two vessels, the Whirlwind was got off the reof, the cargo replaced on board of her, and she proceeded safely on her voyoge. Her cargo was sold in Mel- bourne. It was contended for the pro- moters that the Whirlwind was in great danger of being utterly wrecked ; that but for the assistance rendered she would have been wrecked ; that the Oliver Cromwell was put in peril to give the assistance, for, the greater portion of her crew being away, had a strong breeze come on when she was short-handed, the result might have been the loss of tho Oliver Cromwell. The statement for the defence was that tho Whirlwind had only touched upon Brower's shoal on the day when the Oliver Cromwell came in sight, that no signals of distress were flying, and that the vessel was never in any danger, nor was the Oliver Cromwell put in peril by what was done. The value of the ship was said to be £18,000 ; of the freight £1,750; of the cargo (in which the respondents had no interest) £1,800. It was submitted that £400 which was paid into court was ample remuneration for what was done. The respondents also alleged that some tea had been stolen, but it appeared that this referred to 1Q1 boxes left on board tho Oliver Cromwell, which were taken to New York, and there sold for the benefit of those concerned. The question was whether £400 was suffi- cient for the services afforded. Judgment was reserved. The Court then adjourned. INSOLVENT COURT. FRIDAY, APRIL 26. (Before his Honour Judge Noel.) BE MATTHEW LONG. Tho insolvent, a grocer, lately carrying on business in Carlton, applied for and obtained an unconditional certificate under the new act. nu tiATiiAWinr. uoir.vi.»«. Mr. J. M'KEAN, on behalf of the insolvent, a nurseryman, lately carrying on business at Richmond, applied for a certificate of dis- charge under the now act. The application was adjourned until Fri- day, May 3, for an affidavit showing why the assets realised were so small. HE HENRY BLACK CHALMER». The insolvent, late a merchant at Ballarat, applied for a certificate under the new act. Mr. Lawes appeared to oppose the granting of the certificate on behalf of the trustee ; Mr. Billing appeared for the insolvent Mr. BILLING applied for an adjournment, and that the grounds of opposition might bo more specifically stated. By consent, the application was adjourned until Friday, May 10, the amended grounds of objection to be furnished to the insolvent's solicitor on or before Tuesday next. CERTIFICATE MEETINGS UNDER THE OLD ACT. Certificates of discharge were granted to the following insolvents :-James William Katch, of Richmond, engineer ; George Mur- ray, of Malmsbury, carpenter ; Thomas An- derson, of Melbourne, carpenter ; and James Edward Tardy, of Footscray, commission agent. MONDAY, APRIL 29. (Before Mr. R. H. M'Donnell, Chief Clerk.) GENERAL MEETINGS. In tbo following estates general meetings were held and closed :-Michael Carroll, of Rochford, farmer; Peter J. Morgan, of Fitz- roy, decorative artist ; Thomas Attonborough, of Melbourne, stablekeeper ; James Mitche- ll er, of Emerald-hill, blind manufacturer ; John King, of the Plenty Mountains, splitter. A general meeting was held in the estate of John Hanks, of Bourke-street east, grocer, at which debts amounting to £1,671 Is. Id. were proved, and Mr. W. J. Ecroyd was appointed trustee, at the remuneration of 5 per cent, on the assets realised. Messrs. Goldstein, Luke, Walker, and Inglis were also appointed a committee of inspection to advise the trustee in realising the estate. The meeting closed. 