spiritualism:. A lecture on spiritualism was delivered at the Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church last (Tuesday) evening, by the Rev James Don, of Penola, S.A., to an audience con asting of about 200 persons, principally members of the congregation. The Rev T. AI'Kenzie Fraser presided, and briefly intro duced thelecturer, who began his remarks by describing spiritualism as no favourite topic of his own, but one -which, because of the interest it had excited in the colonies and America had been forced upon his atten tion. The leading public journals had taken the matter up, intelligent writera had given the subject not only attention but credence, and among the millions of persons who believed in spiritualism, it was impossible to think that a desire to deceive or be deceived predominated.. The in teresting "but solemn fact presented itself that Christendom was divided into two great classes, one materialistic— livinn onlv for the nresent dftnor aspirations for a better world ; the other possessed of extreme views—not content with the Divine revelations—seeking to develope mysteries and incurring censure and.derision for daring to unravel the things that belong to the nnseen world. In all ages and countries, from the earliest times, a belset in a spirit world prevailed. Greece, Borne, Egypt,' and Assyria be lieved in it, and even the Red . Indians of America cherished the consoling thought that the spirits of their fathers dwelt in the hunting grounds of their Elysium. It is true that a superstructure of fraud, false hood and imposition had been reared upon the fears of the ignorant and credulons, but apart from this even the delusive utter ances of the ancient heathen oracles could scarcely be attributed entirely to deception. At the birth of Christ it was'a significant fact that these oracles ceased to speak. In the sacred records it was found that witches and familiar spirits were ordered to be banished out of Israel, and nnless there was a possibility of injury from their prevalence no such prohibition would have been neces- j sary. It was thus evident that there was a residue of truth and reality about this sub ject of spiritualism which it was impossible to get rid of. Of course, it did not follow that everything apparently nnaccountable was supernatural or preternatural, for scienr tific exploration was daily resolving new forces and newlaws. Bat tmngshad occurred which all the ingenuity of the world could not account for. Thirty yeaTS ago the Rev. Isaac Taylor, one of the most eminent and profound thinkers of his day, declared that there were no terms iu the language of nations employed for what did not exist. Subsequently, he (the lecturer) heard Pro fessor M'Dougall, of Edinburgh, remark in reply to this theory, that there was no such thing as a ghost; but this was simply beg ging the question. That the spiritual world occasionally may hold communication with the living and objective there was no means of denying. The whole subject was question of evidence, and if supported by men of high 'reputation, whose word on almost anything would be accepted with out hesitation, if, he repeated, such authori ties calmly and deliberately declared that they had witnessed things unaccountable on any natural principles, their testimony might reasonably be accepted. There was an anecdote narrated in the biography of Lord Brougham, which went far to prove the truth of spiritualism. Lord Brougham had an intimate friend who proceeded to India, and for a time they corresponded regularly, but at length their communications ceased. It.was after this, when his friend was out of sight and out of mind, that Lord Brougham, while in his bath one day, beheld the apparition of his friend sitting on the side of the bath, and staring at him. Lord Brougham ac-'j counted for it by explaining that he must have been asleep for a moment, but when it afterwards .transpired that; his friend had died in India at the same" time, the coincidence, if snch it was, certainly seemed as strange as if. the spectre of his friend had come to bid • him farewell before departing to the world of spirits. The lecturer having related a similar anecdote of a professor in Aberdeen, went on to say that men of daring and pre sumption had sought to make capital for themselves, by claiming to explain the inex plicable, and to go beyond the revelation of God. In accordance with the prediction of Paul in his epistle to Timothy, that "In these latter times some shall depart from the faith." Spiritualism had taken possession ot millions of minds.. To the disciples of this faith he imputed im patience rather than wilful impiety. Many were wearied of watching and waiting, be holding the wicked prosper and the triumphs of the unjust,—vexed at the delays in finite nmTOlsnttnl -J ?„ God's providential works, and in the face of expanding scepticism they longed for a manifestation ia proof of the existence of a spiritual world. Bnt still, it was declared unlawful to hold converse with the spirits of the departed, and there fore it was a sin to do so. It was his belief that the majority of spiritualists were infi dels, who rejected the fundamental and essential principles of Christianity, and that their spirits were seducing spirits, speaking lies and publishing delusions. The lecturer next proceeded to allude to Milton's writings, expressing the opinion that Satan alone was cast out. of heaven unaccompanied by other hosts, that demons were disembodied spirits of wicked men, the devils referred to in scripture as enter ing the herd of swine, and now going abont to and fro in the earth seeking to seduce weak erring mortals. It was wrong to dare to draw aside the veil that separates the seen from, the unseen world, and it was well to abide by God's word— to wait and pray. Life was but short and uncertain, and soon the mysteries of the invisible world would be revealed, therefore there was no need for this nndne curiosity. Compared with the frivolous purposes of modem spiritists, Sanl's conduct in employ ing the Witch of Endor to raise the spirit of Samnel, was landable, for he sought the answer to an' all-important question con cerning his fate, lhe object of modern spiritists was to discard the essential principles of Scripture, and in the de fence of divine trnth it was desirable that the ambassador of Christ should come into collision with the propagators of this theory. Spiritulists had no defined creed. Certain individuals, he believed, were mentally and physically predisposed to receive impres sions from spiritual sources. Table tam ing had nothing whatever to do with spiritualism; London physicians had sp- , plied the necessaiy test, and declared table tnraing and rapping to be a fact, but they declined expressing an opinion respecting, the operating cause. But-it was well known that galvanism and electricty were bnt in their infancy, and some of the mysterious forces in nature were gradually being investigated and turned.to practical account. He recommended his hearers to fight shy of spiritualism; Tn L_ opinion concerning spectral appearances the question recurred—If these things be true, if a friend at a distance appears to a living acquaintance just before departing to the land1 of spirits,' why should not such appearances be more common? There was the difficulty. In conclusion, he strongly exhorted them to have nothing to do with spiritualism to wait and watch till the end, trusting in the Divine Lord, for which their fathers had so nobly contended. He believed from the present indications the end was not far off. There was a feverish condition—a restlessness and anxiety among Christians all over the world, never experienced since Christ visited the earth. This spiritualism was, he believed, simply a manifestation of'the new era which was beginning to dawn. They were near the end of the present dispensation, hence these strange charges and delusions. Their course was to watch and wait and pray, and, relying on the word of God, they would have the assurance that, what ever came out of the present changes and disturbances, to them the end would be glorious, and they would realise " Peace on earth and goodwill to men." The Kev Mr Dickson, in moving a vote of thanks to the lecturer, took exception to the spiritualists being denominated infidels, and termed them modem rationalists or persons who did not deny, but attempted to sit in judgment on inspired revelation. TTfl filsn prnrosapfl Awn»?t. '* He also expressed the owp'nh ted raw* to do Vitb spirituK 4HM| remarked that he had witnessed table turn ing, which he ascribed to unconscious mus cular action, such as pulsation and breath ing. As for piano playing by invisible agency, the transportation of bodies, &c.;, be believed this to be simply moonshine. In his last field of labor in the United States spiritualism had spread among his congregation and occasioned a great deal of trouble, and he knew by bitter experi ence that the great object of spiritualists was to destroy the marriage relation. The »Itev. J. Browniie seconded the motion, and the chairman, in conveying the vote of thanks, remarked that spiritualism if no delusion was neither more nor less than the old necromancy of Scripture. He believed there was trnth in it, and that its foundation was wicked, impious, and dan gerous. If so, it was condemned in Scrip ture, and it meant having converse with familiar spirits. It was simply necromancy and witchcraft, and ranged in thesame cata logue with idolatiy and sensuality. If spirit coinmuriidhtion was lawful he held that some precedent would be given in Scripture, and that it would not be left to the nine teenth century to develope these secrets. A collection having heeu made for the purpose of raising a fund to purchase a harmonium for the church, the meeting closed. 