t he (.'-»iiiS:i^ Comet. (From the Saturday Review) Nervous people, us it is credibly stated, have bc'o'n put to groat anxiety . by tho ann.ourjcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished - astronomer bad discovered a .mocs'r^us comet tushing straight- towards -us «ith aiuszin ^ rapidity Iron tho remote ahu.jes ol space, and yet pursuiog its ceurss wiih as little toudeticy to deviation as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by pu^ibility put forth a helping; band, and twift iho appreachiog monster from its course,-, as the hero of a novel diverts the. tuna way steed just us it ia about to crush the heroine. Good' na-.urt.-d astronomer buve tokeu pains to explain that there is uo such comet coming; aud that we have already passed through a comet and fouud it. loo obnoxious than a London fog Tbe astron jtni . s tiieau well, but they are terribly prosaic people, T.be.y ought surely to uudertand that tbey are lobbing us of a lively pleaiure, Havr. thoy not in their .iioyhoo'd, for even astronomers have been b--ys, iuatched a featuti joy from tbe ghosts and and other supernatural dangers with whiob a euildish iiuaginatiou lovos to people the -dim j borders of its littlo world? Would BDybody willingly 'giva up that dclioioua feeling of super stitioua ewe wbicli was' at once tbe oharm and terror of. Lta.tutly years, and huie; all phautouis suppressed till the world should be no mere hutiuied like a railroad station? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our obildhood. Tbe huge fiery mouster plunging through the . sky with a dtath dealing ti.il hag been weighed and measured, and had, as it were a mathematical book pnt in ,h-B ja.ws,]tiil his inipiHSsiveno^s has dtij.ur ed from him. We know . the, legend , of CuvierJs. ; deseeot into the infernal regions, and of hia declaration tbn't ..the h'-rua and : boofa which terrified our infancy, weto unmistakable : proofs . of la gramiuivo'ious nature. Eve'u ' so the comet h^ts been Towored in i popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as'Hyae Park ot tigers.- Sir ? W. : Thomson indeed was' kitid enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that some timo or other the world would be atnaahed to atoms, likeia bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metro politan janotion. Of o-urao bis fellow philosophbia iouud fault wtlb some of his details, for science ia a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief: period 'dally with false surmise,' and endeavour to return to tho simple faith of a child. Lot us image that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, ' aud that ''the prophaey is correct. Within a tew weeks wo ahull be able without tho help of telescopes to see the little cloud, uo bigger than a man's baud, and fmught with omens more dreadful than have ever before ufi'iighled the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afteiwaids with a rate of increase almost poreeptibio, to our naked vision, till at last, the whole sky will be.lit up with the fiery portent. Night by uigbt we ahall watch its .terrible growth, and before Idtig^H .will be brilliant enough ?' i$::! ontsbiptji' . the- s«Q, ftsolC, l|l»o 'telnpci'ttturo will rise to be first tropical, and ti en ! iiotter than anythiug that ia cr.duicd in the j hottest , room o! a , Turkish b:tth. . 15 oi tho time duripji which wo »lii!I be cnscious etcerstfe ! hoat will b' brief indted. The tw - largo bodios, I P tinging towards each other at a. pace compared | with Whtolt the speed of a codood b-«ll is absolute res:, will crush into eaoh other with a hideous collision. If ne buppt.n to 'oo plnend bctweeri i 'two eueh rtntajon si-;, wo shall not ' hiivn time j oven for an rjuculati -n. Tho* p'tty taco ol j ius els that cri wl utrc ngst the littlo excrc sceno- s ' on the earth's skin will bo Instantaneously I ilisntissed from cxi-tence. On the other side o' tho W'trld we ehull perhaps 1 ave just one flasli of j sensation. We shall see the mouutuins, without | i -ny metaphor, skipping like rams, and be i lou.t-elves sent spinning into space jaBt ub the .?lust— to indulge into a humble similo — is, I knocked off the under tight of a carpet by tbo j blows upou its upper surface. For an instant wo shall have a g!i-np.te of tho broken fragments of the earth atarting ? if. each on its new carter, to whirl through the universe, eaoh bearing with it — so we shall icroember on tbe faith of a President of the British Astooiation — S'8Df- tBinute gtrnte to be planted, it tliey nave gi.o.t luck, on some distant planet,, and there to bagit. over snd over ai^ain that endless process o evolution whioh will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if wepleaso, wo may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we j. st mitts tho nucieus of the couiet, but we ate wrapped in its firity tail, whieh wil! Ititu ocusns iuto s-eam, dissipate t' e eternal ice ol the poles, and singe the word into the likeness of nn Ami rican prairie after a fire. Nothing will bo left bur a vast turfsee oi grey ashes, gradually to De convcriea into tnua as toe wa'ers igntt. con douse and descend upon the depopulated p'asct. Alas! we cannot claim the elequer^i which would bo ncoessary to do justice (o fuen tremendous catastrophos. Milton writing under tho -uperintendence of Dr.- Gumming it ijl.t possibly be equal to the task of describing the co i plete and instantaneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she only gives oue such miod ut a time. We have ventu'ed to stingestthe bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers tuns' fill up for themselves- -It is rather curious to inquire what would be the st: ts of our minds if such a citaftiopho coold re.tlry be ptedicttd on ocieuce. It is necesnary tu notice this last condition for it is to highly probable that we fbou.'d resolutely decline to believe tinything so unpleasant There are limits to one's faith even iu ma'.hemattcB, and ive sb'.uui ioMSt upon ourprophits prophesy ing smooth things r-vpu if th--y bad to twist a ?ew laws ol nature for tbe purpoaa. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were all tcally convinced that at 4 o'oiock p.m., Gr: enwieh time, on tbe next 12 It of Angus', the whole human race and its dwelling place Would *D2 summarily knocked to atoms, what would bo the effect on our minds? Too most na'ura' supposition is perhaps . that the whole cou'Se of fia i ra would be thrown out of g-jar, and that we s'.iouiu be reuueea ;o tne stage ot.a oity uemorai zaa by a pleague. , Ptisaus ot stroug roligious feeling would fither go into retiremout, or would endeavor to awaken the cousciences of the sinners around them ; wiiilst tbe sinners would beoome utterly reckless, and would remember that there was no uee it) keeping a- collar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, oi coarse, be manifest ; but tbe question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vis inertia: in our . old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to theptospect. One would feel that, if it was not worth while to'uudertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old- employments which have bvcome necessary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories snoh as that of the man who insisted ou tauing ms accustomed pill ao nour oeioM he was banned; and if we were all' under' sentence of execution — as indeed, Bermona are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet — it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that we should act ' in the same spirit.' The great , bulk of mankind would say It's all very well; we stall not want anything more after the 12th of August ; bat tbat is no reason why we should not have onr regular meals aud enjoy newspapers at breakfast. It . does not appear inconeeiveable that thti Tichboroo case would draw its sh-w length along though: it were perfectly clear that ili a few' months the estates would be flying iu fragments, some towards. Sirius and others to the Pole '.Star; tbat nobody's title, however perfect, would bo of much value trhen the land:, in question were situated in umereut comets;as wo a as countries:. and that s writ of ejectment had boon served- upon all parlies with' an einphaais wh'oh there was no resisting. We euaptct tbat cargoes, of preset ved meat would be expeoted from Au-iiralia, though.it was certain that the seas woiild he dtied.' up long before ,tbey could makeevenvtbe most rapid passage.' The daily papers would continue to appetr, and iudspd would be driving a roaring tiade; everybody would be anxiOus to bave the latest intelligence .as to, the comet, the 'details as to its ' struc'ure revealed by tho spectroseope, and the result of, tho iast calculations as to the' exact moment !of of the collision Editors woald be provided with. that invaluable boon— a topic, the interest; of whioh would be steadily. increasing to the enj af the world ; and,, though they' would doubtless receive letters up to the. lust, front' correspondents ai'x'ous- to espiaiu the' cause of tbe dulness'of serutona, the deeliao iu the trustworthiness ,of servants, and the carelessness with which excur sion trains were -managed, thoy would be more independent ut those interminable,; though now fortunately to ho terminated, controveisies. And whep we' rtfle'ot on tho irrepressible eloquoncn'of I and the. tbo strong sense of duly of tba ; British : journalist, there is nt thing cf which we feel mM# oi.i,hd.::.t thap that the morning/of the l2thcf August would bu signulixed bj( jbTrsppcMgn^j f-« »- fide in tiie highest style ;of' the 0»i^ Telegraph, summing up tho histoiy, of thewoj) J in a few giowh);.' paragraphs, and cofgt&iulafjig; mankind ou the fact that their extinction WodW j at uny tato bo rooiemporrnotms ' with tbst of th - t folvea and of William Ewart. t^iadstope* F.-esh editions w.uld also h- | ublished up to'tbo latest por-siblu moment, and we sh'uld ' bj enco'triiged to ho^ie the jjurms flying off to other wot Ids ou tho fragment of cur own carried with tlto.-n u potential 'Telegraph, Tho parsons foi whom wo should fed the deepest sympathy would ba the prophets, as it would bo so very annoying a inflection to Dr. Gumming thut, if it bad col been ftr this ill regulated comet, tbo Battle of Armageddon would have tuken pluccnsitjcar, and tbo accuracy of bis prognostications .hsi* been signally vcnfL-d. We are, it may be assu ning a little too raooh. There are ceitainly some things in nhiob a sba'bgo would be pereoptiblo There would bo no botting for example, or next year's Derby, aiid the fund* eo.uld not be inflaenced by rumours of uppionehia^ ware. The spirit of gambling would havo to Ids a different shape nnd roulette rouge et not'r w«ud gain a sudden populaiity in plaoe of speculation on more distant events. But in onis fotrn ci oth-.r, in spite of the emotions of the mots exoitablo sort of people, we ' hoej il»t tits maohioery of life, from its orratost down to 'ti 1 etti st operations, would have to go on working up the very eve of the catastrophe, Irom iha Eh-, or inaapaci'y of most persons -o break eff ihtir acous omed babiia' We have list ennridtred tiie ease of a pattial crush ; nor do we touch esre to ock whst our feelings would be if America ot Ireland or China wore suddenly swept out of 0,' exi.teoos or still less what wo Should feel if t?o knet* tbat it was an oven chanas whether the hall would fall upon them or upon us. Tb»t 1 . flcctiou opens o b 'undless fieli of speculation ; ! and wo will only express our oouvictiohithafa I good many people would still 'oil jov their dt- oet'i, J and even feel it as a not unpleasant excitement, . if a whole hemisphere were crashed to-morrow, so long as it was not their hemisphere, 'Bal i where wo are to consider this ss a melancholy proof of our deficient syoipathiss, or bs'V ' merciful arrangement to save ut from unnecesury pain, is a problem witich we cannot discuss. ; So mauy wil. I statements as; to the cost of tilt pioceedings ia tho Tichborne case have been reaeutly afloat, that it is consoling to find tlie iium which will have to be expended ' in defending the estates,' estimated at tho comparatively modest amount of £100,000. When tre consider, however, that the mere fees to the jury, tf the case ihould extend, as appears probable, to one hondi.d days, will amount to eleven hnodrtd ^uinnos ; tbat the shorbaud writers' ootM, including copies, bavo been effi iully statsd 1® cost the enormous sum of seven hundred poabds u week ; and tbat there have been Chancery Proceedings ex'ending over nearly five years, and iuclu-liiig commissions to the Antipodes, it.il iaipossible to do more than express a hops tbat tne Attorney ueoerai may not ba tound to bavo tar.eu too sanguine a viuw of this dismal tids of the great Tichborne case. — Daily News. T Ftom Japan we learn that 600 na'ive houses had bean burnt at Yeddo and many lives last, ;A naval review had taken place at Yeddo.- Ths Mikado, attended by many of tbe ob'^f nobtd of tbe empire', was present, and is said to have heen well satisfied with tbe peiformanets Of bit fleet. .... ~! We would direct the ' eyos of Europa'.for a moment to tbo gre&t; ooBstitutional struggle going on in ths Isle of Man. A* every statWmaiioOf politicisn of any pretensions' : knows, theTila 'ol Map is governed by a House of Keyi,' pr^i|ei) over by a Lieutenant ' G-overaor. . Nob.; . lbs privileges of this angast body and this lllaatrfdut Governor have never been satisfactorily dtfiaed, and just now they are being hotly dtscuaiei i'lt appears tbat tho Governor claims tbe right io ull tbe Assembly and dismiaa it whea, be ple«t£»- The ' House' denies the sight of, the Goviroof to aet in so arbitrary msnoer,1'ahd.,^eiijt/iili that the periods for the assembling of tba.H®' should be fixed. Nobody knows bowtho dilBsiil'y can be settled, A man named John Bull has jnst beon badurp before the Salisbury magistrates for :nsllii)fl i notioe to the cathedral; door, iu'ihat,.oity,.:.,.5ii defence was tbat tbe notice contained btotttiiiiiU relating to the children 'of God./ A .conapUi't was also made against tbo prisoner tbat be dffiwd indecently, bat he answered, ' It it «xac*ljf ib» costume that has been 7?orn by Kings el Englji^i Alfred tbo Gren*, one of ths greatest kingv tfon exactly this kind of dress. A dresi '.ibat cowl' tbe body from the.'neck to below the. kneflicaoscl bo indooenf.' A medical 'maa.' examined 'tb# mental state , of the 'prisonqt. and'.pfohouiif^iP1' perfee:ly esne. - . ;i ? ,.*. .. ?; Cleaning Cabtes de Yisim— of isinglass, or gum. arabio, .spread. : oyer i»ith 8 soft camera brush is sometimes1 used tor|' photographs a gloss, ...... -wt A cbild who in a moment' of temper wat by, ? too facetious old bachelor to kiss bis molls' and :tougbly 'smack his ? father, wastdeojarsd^ him, laughingly, to he a child who' .to his ma, and, martial to his ^pa. ,'i .Htit'Was.^ot ;asked to the noxt dinner., party by tlie iojwrf pureuts. ' r ; : ' ; A taohelor says all ho, should ask in a be a ,good temper,, health, i good oiidorfllaaai^t agreeable phy aige.omy,.. figure, igood coddmBW domestic- habits, ? iosources of-. BttUBemofit, sii.it6, convarsatit'nal talents, elegatit maniiliWiW i.ronoy ' ' He, does not' 'say what. be'lias to^Viy1 e;:change, for ali. this. ,' r.i' rhov Printed and Published hy tiie Proprietors, ji l ' C ^stPBsLt.' and' J0BBi*ti| VWirfffii WAiutA MEnoDBi,',' Geueril t'ptfei?roB» JWL [ ', . Olllcu; «ifuor,of the Mtirkot^qn1*^!, ' '^inW!)-!D W.I ?-'V«rl :: !-!'l!o^'tl ,|j 