6iE£fA8- HEWS. The following is the text of the latest tele gram which the South Australian Government have received from the Government Resident at Port Darwin. It leaves a great deal for the ima- ginative reader to mi up : — " Jfort Darwin. 26fch December, 1871. All well. Season wet. Line progressing, but interrupted. Will clear if pos sible. Patterson last at Catherine, having been I south. Had met Burt from section E, who re turned. Milner arrived Roper. J. Milne mur dered by natives Attack Creek. I advised Patterson establishing eBtafette' with Milner's horses." Here is a fact in connection with the pathology of diphtheria that is worth the attention of the Royal Commission, when it comes. A corre spondent of the Daylesford Mercury writes to sav that his house his seldom free from it, and that his eldest child, a girl of fourteen years, has had it nine times j another girl of twelve, six times ; a boy of eight, twice ; a third girl, of four, three times ; an infant of seventeen months, once ; and finally, his wife, four times. This is certainly an L unexampled visitation, and the only doubt that is raised by it is, was the disease true diphtheria, or only sore throat of the diphtheritic type. The writer seems to have depended upon the use of gargles, tincture of iron, and the inhalation of sulphur fumes. But, whatever were the remedies he used, they do not seem to have eradicated the strong susceptibility to the disease. On Tuesday morning about 10 o'clock the body J of a man named John Sparks was found in the I Yarra, near Brander's ferry. It was taken to the new morgne, and there identified by David Glass- ford as a resident in Moor street, Fitzroy. De ceased was a married man about seventy years of age, and has left three children and a wife, the latter of whom seemB to have supported the whole family. We ( Ovens Spectator') heard rather a startling assertion made in Beechworth a few days since to the effect that submarine cables do not sink to the bottom at great depths. It was argued in support of this proposition that, as the pressure increased in proportion to the depth, the water would become as dense at a certain depth as the cable, and that then it would of necessity float. This would be unanswerable if the most important item in the premiees had not been left out alto gether. The pressure no doubt exists, but it has no appreciable effect on the water, which can scarcely be said to be compressible at all, being to all intents and purposes not denser at ten miles deep than it is on the surface. It was endeavoured to camnreas water into a ?lobe of gold, one of the most dense of . metals. The water, instead of submitting to a great density sweated through the gold in minute globules, to be seen separately by the microscope and quite visible and palpable in the aggregate. At great depths some other bodies are no doubt made denser by the pressure, and therefore the deeper they go the greater their specific gravity, and therefore they would be likely to sink more quickly than more slowly, for while their specific gravity is raised that of the surrounding medium remains the same. A lad named Wm. Lexton, seventeen years of age, resident at Hotham, was drowned in the Yarra, Tuesday about noon, while bathing near the Railway bridge. He, with a fellow-appren tice named Ghas. Sach, went to the river during their dinner hour, and the deceased, who was unable to swim, got out of his depth, and was drowned betore assistance could be rendered. The body was recovered by John Macpherson, a foreman carpenter, employed by theM. and H.B. Railway Company, after it had been in the water for half an hour. Drs. Fulton and Girdlestone tried for nearly an hour to restore life, but with out avail. The body was handed over to the mother and brother of deceased. The usual quarterly meeting of the Williams- town Co-operative Company was held at their I offices, Rlectra Btreet, oil Tuesday ; Mr. Wannop ; in the chair. This association was started some six years ago by several enterprising working men, and since then its proceedings have been watched with interest. Their present offices consist of several good, bluestone buildings, erected at a cost of about £600, on some land in Electra street purchased by the company two years ago. It is gratifying to learn that at last the company I is in a prosperous state, and the shareholders are expecting a dividend in a shcrt time. Last evening the balance-sheet for the last quarter was read by the chairman, and adopted. The liabi lities came to £750 17s., and the assets to £857 12a. 4-d., leaving a profit up to date of £106 15s. 4|d. On the manufacturing account there was a gross profit for the quarter of £25 5s. 2d. ; the expenditure, with stock oh hand, 9th September, 1871, £35 7s. 5d., being £395 2s. 2|d., while the receipts for the same time — also including £18 Is. 5s., stock on hand, 9th December, 1871 — were £420 7s. 5d". Messrs. Paterson, Nicholson, J en- nings, Henderson, Hitchcock, and Murray, were then appointed directors ; and the present treasurer — Mr. Woods — agreed to continue in office for the next quarter. The larrikins had rather a severe lesson in the City Police Court, Mondiy. One named Thos. i Hall was arrested by Inspector Kabat on Sunday | night, in Powlett street, where he was cursing and using language of the very worst description, so that residents in that neighbourhood, while sitting in their verandahs and gardens, were horrified and annoyed. Inspector Rabat and Mr.M'Guigan, J.P.. said that the conduct of the Iarrifeins in that neighbourhood was becoming perfectly unbearable. The latter gentleman said that if he were not residing on, his own property he would not remain in Powlett street another week, so great and so continuous was the nuis ance to which he was subjected. There was but one policeman stationed in the neighbouring gardens, and he was quite unable to exercise sufficient control over the unruly lads congre gating in tbat neighbourhood. Hall was fined £5, or one month's imprisonment in default. Two others, named James Hainsworth alias Thompson, and Charles Charter alias Towser, were arrested at the same time, and their conduct was equally disgraceful. They were stripped to the waist, as if prepared for fighting, and were using disgusting and profane language. Messrs. MGuigan and Culley proved the nature of their conduct, and the Bench, after expressing a regret that they could not order the lads a whipping, fined tliem £10 each, or six months' imprison ment in default. The fine was paid in Charter's case soon after the court rose. There web rather an animated discussion at the meeting of the City Council, Monday; upon the submission of a motion by Councillor Aarons to render ineligiblev for subsequent office or em ployment in the service of the Corporation any officer who shall bare received a gratuity or allowance on bis retirement from the Corporation service. The motion was ostensibly directed to the reprobation of the appointment of Mr. John Reilly to the post of building surveyor vice Mir. Everisfc resigned ; but the only feature of the debate was the opportunity which was afforded to Councillor Amess to deny in the most explicit terms any connection directly or indirectly with the resignation of Mr. Everist, or even any knowledge of it being contemplated until it was actually tendered. The notien that pressure was brought to hear upon Mr. Everist, to make room for Councillor Amess relative, fell to the ground after the statement of Alderman J. T. Smith that nothing but the conviction that was forced upon the late building surveyor that in the performanceof his office he ran considerable personal risk, which, at his advanced period of life, it was in- cumbent on him to avoid, induced him to think of resigning, and that before his resignation was accepted it was suggested by Councillor Amess that an assistant should be provided to- relieve him from those duties which were considered of a hazardous nature. The motion of Councillor Aarons was resisted by a section of the council, but was nevertheless carried, after several divisions upon amendments. Throughout the whole of the discussion it was altogether lost sight of that the objections raised to the re-appointment of Mr. Reilly ought properly to have come when he was made rate collector tor Latrobe and Albert wards, a position he has filled for several months past. It is now three weeks since the Sussex went ashore (says the Qeelong Advertiser) , but the excitement about her is almost as great as it was during the first week she went aground. On Saturday there was a fair number of visitors, and again on Sunday hundreds' braved the hot wind and the scorching sand in order to see for them selves how the company were getting on j and at 2 o'clock the general wish was for a cooling drink, all the water, temperance beverages, and spirits on the " Sussex township" being warm and sickening. It was, indeed, fearfully hot, even under the closely interlaced boughs of a tea-tree ; and as for promenading on the beach, tbat was considered the height of folly. New comers tried it, but they quickly retired. During Sunday morning the lighters Corsair and Warhawk were in attendance upon the Sussex, the Corsair hav ing taken in seventy tons of goods on Saturday, and during the day the Reeolute towed her away with some 120 tons on board. Only two loads of stuff came ashore en Sunday, but opposite the company's head-quarters were to be seen two waggons full of rigging, rum, boots, vinegar, nuts, etc. Another waggon was half' loaded, and all tnree were to oe aespatenea into town on Mon day. The goods that came ashore on Sunday consisted chiefly of champagne and soup and bouilli. The O. and M. Advertiser tells a pig story : — " A Chinaman called at a station not a thousand miles from the Mitta upon a Sunday, and nego tiated for the purchase of a pig. The squatter wanted £6 10s. for the animal ; John protested that £6 was the outside value. While the trans action was going on the squatter suddenly espied a person who was to hold a service at the station that day approaching in a buggy, and inconti nently belted to put on his Sunday clothes. John was rather astonished , at the sudden disappear ance, and asked the men in adjoining shed, who had heard the conversation, Why he run away so fast, who that man ?' They not being in a proper Sunday frame of mind, informed the Celestial querist that the new comer was an auctioneer who was about to sell the pig he coveted. The business proceeded. All the avail- able people on the station were assembled, and the minister, from an improvised pulpit, began the service, but no sooner had the first words issued from bis lips than the Chinaman, determined not to lose his bargain, cried out, My pig, my pigj; £6 10., £6 10s.' The beneficial effects of that religious service we are not able to record." A country contemporary narrates a ghost story. We are told that on " the night of the Sth inst., at about 9 o'clock, as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, ac companied by two of Mr. Hughes' daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, and when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robeB, rise out of the ground and extend her arm right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened, and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, ' Dear me, what was that ?' Mr. Bayley endea voured to pull the horse up, but ©n he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven." If Mr. Bayley can pull the horse up next time, our advice to him is to apply the whip to that ghost. The trustees or the .Public .Library have recently been presented with a very valuable collection ef maps by the Secretary of State for India. The War Department has also forwarded a topographical series of maps of the most memorable events which have taken place in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America during the present century. There are maps of the great reviews in England and Scotland in 1860 ; plans of the Peninsular battles of 1811 ; of the siege of Sebastopol ; the operations of the allied armies in China ; the most notable events in India, and in connection with the Indian mutiny; and the Abyssinian war. These maps and plans are so numerous that it would require as much space to exhibit them as is at present at . the disposal of the trustees for the use of the library and museum. What the trustees are to do with the valuable gift is a question they find it most difficult to answer. The annual public meeting in aid of the Aus tralasian Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society, y held ou Monday in the Lonsdale street church/ was a great demonstration. The building was crowded, and the platform was filled with minis ters. among whom were missionaries from Fiji, India, China, and other places. Addresses were delivered on behalf of the mission by the Revs. B. Chapman, president of the Wesley an Confer ence ; Josiah Cox, from China ; Lorimer Bison, from Fiji ; W. Kelymack, from New South Wales; Jesse Carey, from Fiji; and John Hutcheon, A.M., from India ; and a report was read showing the operations of the missionaries among the heathens in the Friendly Islands, the Fijis, and Rotum&h.; The meeting subscribed £31 8s. lOd. to the funds of the society, and adopted several resolutions, which will be found in another column, in our report of the proceed ings, where will also be found extracts from the report. His Honour J ndge Pohlm&n; \- was in the chair. The agent of the P. and O. Company informs us that the mail steamship Nubia will not leave for G&lle; till Friday, 2nd prox., instead of Tuesday, 30tii insfc. The Bangalore wilFtake an extra mail a fortnight later, to connect at Ceylon with the alternate homeward mail from thence. The Baroda, a fine steamship of 1,874 tons, and 400-, ' horse power, is to take the Rangoon's place on; the Australian line. The complete time-tables for 1872, showing the alterations consequent upon the opening of the Mont Cenis tunel, will be received next mail. In connection with these arrangements the Post-office authorities notify that the mailsper Nubia will close as follows : For registered letters, at 6 p.m. on Thursday, 1st February ; for all ordinary letters via Southamp ton and via Brindisi at 10 a.m. on Friday, 2nd February, ; for newspapers via Southampton at 9 a.m. on Friday, 2nd February ; tor newspapers' via Brindisi at 10 a.m. on Friday, 2nd February, The recent debate in the Wesleyan Conference as to the admission of married ministers has aroused some curiosity. The Conference is not prepared, it seemB, to welcome any number of ministers with wives and families, and the reason has not yet been explicitly stated. It is this. A minister in connection with the Conference is in a very different position to aChureh'of England or an Independent clergyman, whose official nig."" upon the Church ceases when he severs his nnnnaidnn: with any congregation. The conference under takes to find its ministers with districts,- e-nd married ministers are promised certain house accommodation and a certain minimum salary Young and unmarried ministers take junior places and receive junior salaries. The confer ence has now several married ministers in of the number of first-class districts, and it is anxious to do its duty to these gentlemen before it enters into new contracts with strangers bv admitting them into the connection. A number of ministers thought that the Conference would be justified in declining to receive new applications this year, - but it was resolved to consider each case on its merits, inasmuch as there is a prospect of a well known English clergyman, of great pulpit power, being induced to settle in the colony, and every exertion, it is felt, should -be made to secure his services. There 'are no longer, it appears, to be two Bal- larats, but the East and the West are to become one. How much this unnatural division hascj the country it would be hard to say, the tens thousands of pounds spent on the two railway stations being only a solitary instance of the waste that has taken place. However, at a meeting of the committee of the two councils on Wednesday, the whole of the preliminary business was ar ranged, and it now only remains for the councils to ratify what their committees have done, and for the ratepayers to authorise the councils to carry out the arrangements. The basis of the agree ment seems to be that the councils shall save all thev can by amalgamating their institutions and offices, and the Government shall be requested to maintain their expenditure by keeping their rail way stations, police courts, etc., in duplicate. Ballarat evidently knows what it is about. Shall we have to pay onr municipal councillors as well as our M.L.A.'s ? The question iB sug gested by the awkward circumstance that at Beaufort no candidate came forward 'on Thursday last seeking the honour of a seat at the council table of the United Shire of Newham, and this is the second time of asking. The J Beaufort Chronicle does not consider the fact very com plimentary to either the shire or the intelligence of th8 ratepayers. Echuca had an escape from a fire last week under circumstances that are very curious. A workman employed by Mr. Rogers, tinsmith, was engaged in making some zinc tanks, one of which he left in an unfinished state, and standing upon a door. The cylinder portion of the tank onlv was completed, and bottomless as it stood the bright inside zinc so powerfully . reflected the sun's rays that the concentrated heat speedily set fire to and burned a large hole in the door. To test the matter further, the portion of the tank was replaced in the same position, and a piece of glazed lining laid over the board on which it stood, when in a few seconds the fabric was en tirely consumed. The Riverine Herald quotes the instance to illustrate how fires in towns might originate, and a large amount of property be con sumed, without any clue being obtained as to the real origin of the disaster. Diphtheria is becoming alarmingly prevalent in the vicinity of Castlemaine, and that too in places which have hitherto been considered the most salubrious. The Mail says that the local hospital is beginning to receive its quota of patients affected with this fell disease. Yesterday a boy about nine years of age, named Charles William White, was brought in from Winter's Flat in a very serious stage of the disorder. In the female ward there is a patient whoBe age it: would be thought would have proved an im munity from such an attack, being seventy-six years ot age. under tne care ot tne resident surgeon there is every probability of their recovery. An extraordinary accident, which proved fetal to a fine little girl about three years old, is re ported by the Geelong Advertiser as having occurred "at Mount Doran, on Sunday evening last. Several children of Mr. Miles were sitting under the shade of a large tree in the paddock, when, without the slightest warning, a large limb fell amongst them, striking the deceased heavily. A perambulator in which a smaller child was sitting was completely smashed, but, wonderful to relate, the little one escaped with a few scratches. All the children were more or less hurt, hut with the exception already mentioned, none of them seriously. At the Fitzroy Police Court Thursday, a fellow named Patrick Clancy, alias Poole, who is an old gaol bird, was brought before the Bench charged with assaulting the police in the execution, of their duty. It appeared that, about 3 o'clock on the morning of Friday last, the prisoner and a number of other blackguards were making night hideous, when the senior constable of the district and another policeman camb up and told them to disperse. The mob took up a position ©u a heap of atones, and armiflg themselves with pieces of metal, assumed a threatening attitude, and said fcbey would ' Do -for the Bobbies, as there, were only two of them/' Clancy or Poole was stiU morA demonstrative. He tied a stone in bis handkerchief, and str uck the senior constable several times witb it, and for this offence the magistrates eoatenped him to three months' imprigonjnent withKawI .labour. ' ; : . ' Mr. C. Stewart on Thursday sent in -liislrasig- mation as membe?fo|_ (gg> wardin the Richmond Bororigk Coupj?j. -The resignation was accepted P|j pointed returning will have to tike plkce/ v four names A conference of the vinegiowempfjhe oology ift . : - V'" ' 