EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVINGSTONE'S SECOND LETTER. Dr. Livingstone's second letter to, Mr. J. G. Bennett appeared in tho 'Now York 'Herald* of the 27th of July, and a copy of it was courteously sent to the London papers. We select tho most interesting passages from it. ' The Slave Trade. Speaking , of this liorriblo trade tho Doctor says: — 'Many have but a faint idea of tlio evils that trading in slaves inflicts on the- victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people 'imagine that negroes, after being brutal ized bjPa long course of servico, with but few of the ameliorating influences that elevate more favoured races, aro fair averago specimens of African man. Our ideas are dorivod from the slaves of tlio West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to domestic bondage and all tho depressing agenoies of a most unhealthy climato. These have told most injuriously on their physi cal frames, whilo fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to discrimin ate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the population living free in the interior- under their own chiefs and laws — cul- tivating thoir own farms, catching tlio fish of thoir own rivers, or .fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only bo reached in rocky strata or under perennial ice. Winwoodo Reado hit the truth wlion lio said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black oyos, full luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than tho West Coast African, who lias been debased by tlio unhealthy land ho lives' in. Slaves generally — and especially those on the West Coast, at Zanzibar, and elsowlioro — are extremely ugly. I have no. projudico against their colour ; indeed, anyone who lives among them forgets thai they are black, and feels that tlioy are just fellow-men. But tho low retreating foreheads, prognathous jaws, lark liool8, and other physical peculiarities common among slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion as those with which we view spociuioii3 of the ' Bill Sikes' and 'bruiser' class in England. I would notuttor a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply into the miro in which they are al ready sunk. But I wish to point out that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rule, fair averago specimen of human ity. I happened , to be present when all the head mon of the great chief Insnina, who lives west of the south end of Tangonika, had como together to make peace with cortain Arabs who had. burned tlioir chief town, and I am certain one could not see more finely-formed intollectnal lioads in any assembly in London Or Paris, and the faces and forms correspond with tho finely shaped heads.' The Treatment op Slaves: ' ' I onco saw a party of twelvo who had been slaves in thoir own country— Lundtv or Londa. — of which Cazombe is chief or general. Thoy were loadod with large heavy wooden yoxes, which are forked trees about three inches in diameter and seven or eight feot long. Tho neck is inserted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across from ono end of tho yoko to the other, and riveted ; tho othor end is tiod at night to a tree or to tho coiling of a hilt, and the neck being firm in tho yoko, tlio slave is hold off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublsome to the wearer, and when marching two yokes are tiod together by thoir free ends, and loads put on tlio slaves' heads besides. Women, having in addition to yoke and load a child on the back, have said to mo on passing, ' Thoy are killing nie ; if tliey would take oft' the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with throe loads.' Ono who spoke thus did die, and tho poor little girl, lior child, perished of starvation. I interceded for some, but when unyoltod oil' thoy bounded into tho long grass, arid I was gently blamed for not caring to preserve tlio* owner's proporty. Aftor a day's march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and hoavy loads, tho strongest are exhausted. The party of twelvo above men tioned were sitting singing and laughing. 'Hallo 1' said I, these fellows take to it kindly : this must be tho class from whom philosophers say slavery is tho natural state ; and I went and asked the cause of thoir mirth. I had to ask the aid of tlioir owner as to tho moaning of the word rukha, which usually moans to fly or to leap. They wero using it to express tho the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and dentil ; and tho song was, ' Yes, wo are going away to Manga (abroad or white man's land) with yokoB on our necks ; but we shall have no yokes in death, and wo shall return and haunt and kill you.' Tho chorus then struck in was tho name of the man who had sold each of thorn, and then followed tho general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perombo, an old mim of at least 104 yoars, had been one ofjhe sellers. ? In accordance with African belief tliey had no doubt of boiiig soon able, by ghost power; to kill even him. Thoir refrain was, ' Oh, oh, oh ! Bird of freedom, oh ! You sold mo, oh, oh, oh 1 I shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh !' rhe lauglitor told not of mirth, but of the tears )f such as were oppressed, and they had no jomforter. 'He that is higlior than the highest rogardoth.' ' ? . African Ladies. ' Many of tho women wore vory pretty, and, i iko all ladios, would liavo boon much prettier - if they had only themselves alone. Fortunately, ! tho dears could not change their charming black i eyes, beautiful forelioads, nicely-rounded limbs, I well-shaped forms, and Binall hands and foet. : But they must adorn thomsolvos ; and tins thoy do— oh, tho hussies ! — by filing their splendid ' teotli to points lilco cat's tooth. It was distress- : ing, for it mado their smilo, which has so much : powor over us great ho donkoys, liko that of a crocodile. Ornaments are scarco. What would our ladies do if thoy had none, but pout and lecture lis on ' women's rights' 1 But those specimens of tho fair sex mako shift by adorning their fine, warm, brown skins, tattooing various pretty dovicos without colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, sorvo tlio horaldic uses of our Higlilnnd tartans.' The Valley of the Nile. But why go amongst tho Oannibals at all? Was it not like joining tho Alpino Club in order to be landed if you don't break your nock where your neck ought to bo broken 1 This makes mo turn back to tlio watoralied as I promised. It is a broad bolt of treo-covored upland, somo 700 miles in length from west to cast. Tho general altitude is between 4000 and 5000 feet abovo tho sea, and mountains stand on it at various points wliicli are between 0000 and 7000 foet nbovo tho ocean level. On this watershed springs arise which are well-nigh innumerable — that is, it would tako half a man's lifotimo to count thorn. These springs join ouch other and form brooks, which again converge and become rivers, or say streams, of twonty, forty, or eighty yards, that never dry. All flow towards the centre of an immense valley, which I believe to bo tho Val ley of tho Nile. In this trough we have at first three large rivers. Then all unito into ono onor liious lacustrine river, tho central lino of drain age, which I name Webb's Lualaba. In this great- valley thore aro five great lakes. One noar the upper end is called Lake Bemba, or more properly Bangweolo, but it is not a source of the Nile, for no largo river begins in a lake. It is supplied by a river called the Charnboze and several others, which may bo considered sources, and out of it flows the large river Luapula, which enters Lake Moero, and comes out as the great lake river Lualaba, to form Lake Kamo londo. West of Kamolondo, but still in tho great valley, lies Lake Lincoln, which I named as my little tribute of love to tlio great and good man America on joyed for somo timo and lost. One of the threo groat rivers I mentioned — Barfcle Frero's, or Lufira — falls into Kamolondo, and Lako Lincoln becomes a lacustrine river, and it, too, joins the central line of drainage, but lower down, and all threo united form tho fifth lako, from which tho slaves sent to mo, instead of mon, forced me, to my groat grief, to loave as tho ' unknown lake.' By my reckoning — tho chronometers being all dead— it is five degrees of longitude west of .Spoke's position of Ujiji ; this makes it probable that tho great lacustrine river in tho valley is tho western branch— or Potliorick's Nile— the Bahnr Ghazal, and not tho eastern branch, which Spcke, Grant, and Baker believed to bo the river of Egypt. If correct, this would make it the Nilo, only nfter all tlio Bahar Ghazal cntors the eastern arm.' The Inhabitants of Manyuema. ' When parties lcavo Ujiji to 'go westwards into Manyuema the question asked is not what goods they have, but how many guns aud kegs of gunpowder. If they have 200 or 300 muskets and ammunition in proportion they think success is certain. The Manyuoma wero found to be terrified by the report of their gnus ; spine,' I know, believed tlioiu to be supernatural, for wlion tho offect of a musket ball was shown on a goat they looked up to .the clouds, and offered to bring ivory to buy tho charm by which light ning was drawn down. When a village was assaulted the men fled in torror, and women and children wero captured. Many of the Manyuema women, especially far down tho Lualaba, aro very pretty, light-coloured and lovely. It was common to hear the Zanzibar slaves — whose faces resemble the features of London door-knockers, which some . atrocious iron-founder thought were liko those of lions — say to each othor, ' Oh, if wo had Manyuema wives, what pretty children wo should get !' Manyuema men and women wero all vastly superior to the slaves, who evidently folt the inferiority tliey had acquired by wallowing in the mire of bondage. Many of the men were tall, strapping follows, with but littlo of what we think distinctive of the negro about tliem. If one relied on the teachings of phrenology, the Manyuema men would take a high placo in the liuniun family. They felt their superiority, and ofton said truly, ' Wore it not for firearms, not ono of tho strangers would ever leave our country.' If a comparison wero institntod and n. body of Manyuoma men, taken at random, placed opposite, say tho members of the Anthro pological Society of London, clad like them in kilts of grass cloth, I should like to tako my place alongside the Manyuema, on tlio principle of proforring the company of my betters ; tlio philosophers would look woefully scaaggy. But though tho ' inferior race,' as we compassion ately call thorn, havo finely- formed heads, and often handsome features,, they are undoubtedly cannibals. Tho country abounds in food of all kinds, and the rich soil raises everything planted in great luxuriance. A friend of mino triod rieo, and it yioldcd one hundred and twenty fold ; three measures of seed yielded 360 measures. Maize is so abundant that I have seen forty-five loads, each about CO lbs. , given for a single goat. It was puzzling to see why thoy should be can nibals. Tlio Manyuema have plenty of pigs other domestic animals, and yet thoy aro canni bals. Into the reasons of their cannibalism I do not enter. Tliey say that human flesh is not equal to that of goats or pigs ; it is saltish and makes thorn dream of tin? dead. Why finolook nig men liko tliem should be so low in tho moral scale can only be attributed to the nonintroduc tion of that religion which makes thoso distinc tions among, men which phrenology and othor ologios cannot oxplain. Tlio religion of Christ is unquestionably the bos£ for man.' Horrible Customs and Nigger Moslems. | ' The Manyuema women — especially far down tlio Lualaba— aro very pretty and very indus trious. _ The market is with them a great institution, and they work hard and carry far in order to have something to sell. Mid-kets are established about ten or fifteen miles apart. A1J ore dressed in tlioir best — gaudy-coloured, many-folded kilts that reach from tho waist to the knee. When 2000 or 3000 aro together they enforce justice, though chiefly women; and they are such eager traders that thoy set off in companies at night, and begin to run as soon as tliey como within the hum arising from hun dreds of voieos: To haggle, and joke, and laugh, and cheat, sooms to bo tho dearest enjoyment of life. Tho Manyumna havo always told us that women going to market wero nevor molested. When tho men of two districts woro ongaged in actual Hostilities tho women passed through from : one market to another unharmed ; to take her i goods, oven in war, was a tiling not to be dono. i But to these market women the half-castes i directed their guns. Two cases that camo under my own observation woro so sickening I cannot ! allow the mind to dwell upon or write about ] them. Many of both aoxos wore killed, but the i women and children cliiofly wore made captives 1 No matter how much ivory tlioy iiad obtained i these ' Nigger Moslems' must have slaves, and 1 they assaulted tho markots nnd villages, and 1 made captives chiofly, as it appeared to mo - because, as the mon run off at the report of KunB. i thoy could do it without dongor. I had no idea ' before now how bloodthirsty men can bo when i they can pour out the blood of fellow-men in 1 safety. And all this carnage is going on in c Manyuema at the very timo I writo. : ft iB the c Banians, our proteoted Indian fellow-subjects, i that directly do it all ! Wo havo conceded to , tlio Sultan of Zanzibar tho right, which it was not ours to give, of a cortain amount of slave- : trading, and that amount has boon from £12,000 to £20,000 a year. As wo havo soon, thcBO aro not traded for — but inurdorod for. Thoy aro not slavos, but freo pooplo mado captivo. A Sultan with a senao of juBtico would, instead of taking lioad-monoy, doclaro that all wore freo as soon as thoy reacliod his territory. But tho Banians havo tho custom-houso and all tho Sultan's rovenuo entirely in thoir hands. Ho cannot trust Ms Mohamadan subjects, oven of tho better class, to farm his income, beoauso, as thoy themselves say, ho would got nothing in return but a crop of lieB. Tho Banians usually work the cuBtom-houso so as to screon thoir own slaving agents ; and so long as they have tho powor to promote it, thoir atrocious syBtom of slaving will nevor coaso. For tho sako of law ful commerce it would bo politio to insist that tho Sultan's revonuo by the custom-houso should bo placed in tlio handB of an English or Ameri can morchant of known reputation and upright ness. By this arrangement tho Sultan would bo largoly benefitted, legal commorco would bo exalted to a position it has never held sinco Banians and MosleniB emigrated into Eastern Africa, and Christianity, to which the slave trade is an insurmountable barrier, would find an opon door.' Last evening (August 20th) about half-past seven o'clock, a terrible nnd singular case of burning occurred in Druid Hill Park, which it is thought will result in the death of a young lady. From the facts that were brought into the city it appears that at tho above-named hour tho cars attached to the dummy- ongino wero crowded with people, and when a short distanco from Council Grove station, the starting point in tho Park for porsons returning to the city, a young lady named Christina Thorpe was discovered to be on fire. Tho greatest consternation onsued, and tho possongors, frenzied with foar and excitement, leaped from the cars, leaving the young lady to her fato. Her clothing was of vory light fabrics, and the Haines gaining vontilation she was soon enveloped in a blaze. Captain Cassell being attracted by tho screams of tlio young lady has tened to hor assistance, and by onveloping her in his cont succeeded in quenching tno flames. Ho then had her removed to liis house, at the entranco of tho Park, and summoned Dr. Groontreo to hor assistance, who pronounced the burns to bo sovore, if not fatal. After her inju ries had been dressed she was placed in a wagon and conveyod to the residence of hor brotherin law, J. A. Reid, No. 76, Eutaw-stroot, by Cap tain Cassell and olficor Tipton. How sho camo to catch fire no ono appears to know, but tho general supposition is that her clothing caught fire from the sparks from the ongine.— Baltimoie Ameiican. A Workmen's City. — With this phrase, tho relevancy of which was instantly avouched by the applauso of his hearers, tho Earl of Shaftesbury defined the project he was called on to initiate, on tlio 3rd August, at Wandsworth. ' Wo have founded this day,' said his lordship, 'a Workmen's City; and wo have founded it upon the vory best principles.' These, as tho noble earl wont on to oxplain, were the prin ciples of self help and independence — the last being entirely compatible with tlio freo accept ance of sympathy and aid, which every man, great or small, stands in need of from his fel lows. Having luboured oarnestly and strenu ously for more than thirty yoars in advocating domiciliary improvement, as the first and beat moans of improving the people, Lord Shaftes bury, above all men, was in the right place when holping prominently at the foundation of dwelling-houses to bo erected by tlio Artisans', Labourers', and Genoral Dwellings Company, on ground honceforth to be called the Shaftesbury Park Estate. Glancing at tho list of share holders in this company, organised, of course, on the 'limitod' system, wo find more than a hundred leading names, any one of which would be a stamp of authenticity on an undertaking so humane and economical us the work at Lavender Hill, Wandsworth. A diversity which might almost bo called picturesque appears in this not able catalogue. Shoulder to shoulder in tho good work are the Bishops of Chester, Carlisle, Salisbury, and Winchester; Dr. Manning and Mr. Tupper ; Sir John Pakington, Mr. Thomas Hughes, and Mr. Carlylo ; Mr Thomas Brassoy and Mr Alfred Tennyson ; Mr. Darwin and tho Duke of Norfolk ; Mr. Ruskiu and Mr. Samuel Morley ; Sir Charlos Wheatstone and the Mar quis Townshend ; in brief tho representatives of aUimaginablo forms and shades of thought and opinion united upon one point — tlio lovo of man kind. The estate on which Mr. Robert Austin, the company's architect, will erect houses of old English design, adapted to modern requirements, and sufficiently varied to avoid the monotonous pattern too often allowed to mar an extensive building plan, includes about forty acres, and is situate midway between Battersoa Park and Clapham-cominon. Three classos of dwellings, all Doing separate houses of one story, ore de signed to accommodate families differing in their peed of room ; and tho numbors of these build ings in all will be upwards of 1200. Coopora tivo stores, schools, and class-rooniB, a concert and lecturc-liall, library, reading-rooms, work man's club, baths, aud a gymnasium, are all amply provided for ; and there will yet be loft threo acres of garden ground for the healthy recreation of the ' citizens' groat and small. Tho open spot will bo somewhere near tho centre, as tlio architect's plan denotes, and un orchard which now forms part of tlio building site is to bo obliterated. This, we suppose, can not bo helped, as it would bo a good thing to have pear trees bearing in the midst of a well ordered population just to bIiow how far tho youth of the -English working class has ad vanced beyond orchard-robbing. The coremony of - laying the memorial stone, on which was graven the motto ' Happy Homes ; the host condition of Social Progress,' was performed, as alroady intimated' by the Earl of Shaftesbury, Mr. Walton, as .chairman of tho company, pre siding. - The 'Boy' in China.— -The 'boy'^is a sufficiently important personage to require a desoriptivo paragraph to hinisolf. Ho is an in s tut ion of the East who may become, under judicious management or the roverao, either a credit and comfort to his liiastor, or the greatest liuisanco of oriental lifo and tho bane of one's existence. Much of the domestic servico in China is performed by the male sex, and oven in foreign households where thoro are ladies it is not the rule to find feinalo servants except for the care of children. Boingto a cortain extent tho representative of liis master during his absence, and often useful as an interpreter, the boy ' naturally acquires a dogreo of conse- 1 quonee which quickly ripens into assumption, if 1 not checked and crushed in time. But wero ho ajl that one could wish, or even half so proii- 1 oient as his certificates and his own account represent him, his pay would still be out of proportion to his utmost merits. Nevertheless liiB duties aro legion, and ono must not ho sur prised that some of thorn may bo porformod with less scrupulous care than others which tond towards his own profit. Among those of ordi nary daily life may bo mentioned, attending to - liis inastor's wants day and night, looking after his bod-room and clothing, standing behind his i chair at meals, and boing in rtiudinoss to aceom pany Mm on Mb journoya. In short, the 'boy's' lifo is a spocios of gentle slavory, which ° mav bo rendered excoodingly agreeable and pro- ; fitablo to himself, or otherwise, according to liis f swn ability, and sharpness, coupled with tho sensible yot firm domcanout of his niastor. But the 'boy' is not excluded from the benefit of 8 legal protection should ho bo unjustly orharshl® I treated, l'ruo, hia^maator ? may -ond - often .dots r I inflict a mild thraohipg£OT/iny;Ufjtlo delmqnS V I and usually tho 'boy' .improves under a judka-ii I application of tho rod, but he'iftdot not to uZ 1 reoted with tho poker, or chastised with a boot- i jack, oBpocially before witncBsoa.'' Whbrd/tfi'otW I ato punishment is rosortod to, no harm imiallv 1 results ; on tho contrary, rnantor and man sit 1 on together all tho bettor for tho future after a 1 littlo explosion, at least until tho next offonoa 1 occurs. But Bhonld the master so far Btteftunb 1 to passion as to omploy tho fire-irons aa imtni. I monts of correction, he need not fool aurprijod I should ho bo takon before a legal tribunal and I mulct in damages. Tho ' boy's' ordinary modoj i of retaliation consist in ' squooang' and pilfoN i ing, methods of solacing his wounded priaojand 1 of reimbursing himself wMch ho is opt to 1 EractiBo whother lio is aggrieved or not. Doe. . 1 is master wish his soiled linon washed ? . Th 1 ' boy' directly finds a ' dhoby' to dothe work, 1 taking care to levy a subsidy with tho most I charming impartiality equally on tho washerman 1 and Ms employer when sottling day arrives, a I littlo mending and darning may bo required a 1 buttonholo repaired, or a button restored to tie 1 position of a broken predecessor. Who is to do 1 it ? Tho ' boy' ought to, and may, if compelled 1 at tho timo of discovery, but usually he tempor. izes and employs his mother or sister, or 'one nicoo piecee girle ho havo savoy,' and at tho end of the month hands in Ms littlo bill. It b quite possible tho master's boots may como to grief treading tho granito cMps which tho municioal council, in thoir wisdom, havo sown broadcast about Shanghai : or, being an enthusiastic pedestrian, ho may considor it tho correct thing to mako tho round of Sikoway and tho Well every morning before business. In such oventa it is not beyond tho range of probability that his bootB, however substantially mado may require repairs. Tho ' boy' gets it done- and as bofore, oxacts a double squeeze. An unlucky nail rends a coat or other garment, tho maslor may keep his mind perfectly easy; his 'boy'1 insinuates in Ms broken English that ho 'h' ono very good tailor man friend, can secure '-'I I savey number one sew pidgin, bring back ec ^ ^ this side chop-chop, only makee cnargo small | piece dollar.' In other words, he knows a tailor ' who will oxecuto tho repairs promptly at a nominal oxpenso. Tho 'boy's' other h'ttlo squeezes, porpotrated directly or indirectly, aro £ too numerous to mention ; suffice it to say that [S all moneys wMch filter tlirough his ndho«'vo I fingers are subjected to a process of diminution- 1 and although his master apparently may not ! suffer, the recipient tradesmen are not tho ; gainers. — ' Victoria Magazine.' i Horrible Story .of Cannibalism.— Tho i ' Levant Times' publishes a horrible story of can- I nibalisra at Flamastan, in Persia, during tho ^ famino. Nine porsonB woro found to liavo stolen | and caton three cMldren. Two of them, women, \ wero hanged, and the othere sentenced by tho | Grand Vizior to death by starvation. At tho end I of a week all were dead, and it was found that I five of them had eaton the other two. I 