3E_-«©. '* PL -%teaW(-^xMi «*- hat.) «£&. y ? _ ? P-,. ' -J___ ____B8»*« JODKNAI-3 ~ I slept for about sn boor, when I Mpke |* /_H_ ft start, mnil conld not make out for f-' fctwnote or two where I was. I was |- «tttt rufching mjr eyes, and looking %- j_w_i with a gape, whoa .1 saw some , Ifciae tiut brought me to my senses ?fig.*1- '?nth * shock a* if I hid heen suddenly Blip' thrust ©rer-faead ia ice-cold wafer — gpfe ' iirtSde M« door of the carriage in which Bg' * I was- sttting was marked op ih» fatal Kp *' number B 88! All the feeliugs and fours ?fT- -which I bad fluttered myself bad Hg^. vsMshed for ever came back in a rash ifpU «e I read over the number to myself in fc . » frightened whisper. The thought ?p*- ' 4_at B fc8 woald form part of the train ggj** _rw_t_i I should travel back home Sip after my holidays had never entered SB§*-- into my calculations. T had never WL^ thought to look at the carriages before ||bf J- getting into the train at Carnhope |fe|~ function, and, in consequence of this mgi- neglect, a strange fate had led me into m^ ' tbe very place of all others where I Up ^ would least have wished to be. B 88 gC was a composite carriage — that is to §8*/ say, the middle compartment was a St first-class one, while tbe two end com C - partments were second-class. It was p in oee of these latter compartments %, thrt I was now Kitting. The middle pT, £ist-dass compartment was the one p ' nannted by die ghost of Mr. Muxloe. £' * ' I hardly know how to describe to you % the feeling that now took possession of ^ me. It was neither more nor less than Ifer _n intense Iroging to leave tbe com ^- partment in which I was sitting and fe;' make my way. by means of the foot T~l board oot-side the carriage, as fir as |«' the window of the next compartment, 6 _»tben peep in, and see whether the sr- ghost were already there waiting for gf me. I tried to fight against this in - i~ cane desire — I did fight against it with all my strength, but in vain. There t was some power within me that I found JF it impossible to resist. I was like a i? sun waHdncr in bis sleep, whose action.* ||f -- are beyond his own control; except mk_ that 1 knew qaite well what I was K|~- aboat, and in all respects but one was Ipfe ' as collected, and a? much in my proper ffijt flenses, as ever I had been in my life. l||\ I cculd not stop to argue with myself ; fe- I conld not stop to reflect. Tbe im WjS: poise, that was upon me grew stronger Sg- with every moment's delay. I had HI' opened tbe carriage-door aud was out jfe. -, on the footboard, with the cold nigM fflp~ air blowing keenly around me, almost Bk~ before I knew that 1 had stirred from K; my eear. We were going along at a ill tidy pace — about thirty miles an hunt Wt — butl had no fears as to my safety — g. ' \ bad passed along' the footLoards when Ss _ die trains were at fuli speed too often « for that. Very few ste|-s brought me J§' dose to tbe window of the middle com §r.. partment. The window was open, and j& I could 6ee everything inside as plainly i as I can see you who are t-itring beside §£ me. There was only one passenger in % the compartment— Mr. Alnxice. Yes; |r there be sat, with his dreadful eyes s- staring straight into mine — looking %~ Ueer, colder, more ghost-like than I* ever. Then bis leg lean forefinger J_ ' was slowly raised, beckoning me to enter. All power of resistance had Z~- ~ been taken from roe, Slowly I opened *c the door, and 6lowiy I got inside — »L never taking my eyes from off his for a It jnoment' — then I shut the door behind mrL me, and fat down opposite to him. E&. The night was a cold one, but I was |f strong and hearty, and had scarcely jf felt it; but the moment 1 sat down IT' opposite the gl-o?t, I became conscious £ «f a coldness far exceeding any tJiai 1 %Z tad -Bver experienced before. I be £ came chilled to tiie very marrow. The f* air of the compartment seemed a- |- though it had swept over a thousand E icebegs. My hair seemed to lift, and K' my whiskers to crisp and tangle, with E_ the intense cold ; and I found after g[ wards that my natch Lad stopped at k the very moment of my entering the ip the carriage. I sat down and waited H; . for what might happen next. My m. companion's band bad gone down on to If^ bis knee when I opened the carriage ^ door. He now sat opposite to me, jpp neither stirring nor speaking, doing ^p! nothing, in fact, bat gaze wirh moura ^- ful intensity straight into my very eooI. gf Tbe cold grew more extreme, if such a Wt thing were possible. A numbness W} *b»t bad begun with my feet was now |p creeping ^ lowly up my body ; I could K feel it creep and spread little by little, ||- stealing gradually upward to my heart, |ir and slowly freezing the life out of me. pk^ I had no power to move a muscle ; I E- amt like a man turned to a stone. At |^ length the cold touched my heart, l| or eeemed to do so. A deathlike faint if~- - ness cre|.t over me. The light in tlie p roof grew dimmer ; the figure opposite ^ melosr its tharpness ot outline, be W coming faded and indistinct. But W through everything I could feel thuse ^ piercing eyes fixed immovably on mine, ^ till at length life itself seemed to b '/?^ robbed slowly and softly out, and I V--- knew nothing more. 1 knew nothing *, r m«re — that is, till I came to my senses ^4_ in a dream, and, strange to say, I knew 5jJ_ from tbe fir«t moment that my dream iff? was nothing more than a dream. I ££? found myself in en old-fashioned, oak ^ panelled ro»m, which, years gone by, ^~ bad evidently been a state apartment. '— jn some aristocratic mansion. It was ' ~ now, however, furnished in a spare and ib- meagre manner with a few articles of p' commoa-place furnitnre. In the huge ife- fireplace, the sides of which were inlaid W^. with blue and white Dutch tiles, a few ip- (tying cinders had been faked carefnlly gk - together. It was night, for the wide W; window-place wsb curtained, and the ^ large room was dimly lie h ted by a Ks couple of candles, each of th--m held by jlgr; ? griffin's claw in bronze, that pro K^' traded from tbe wall, one on each side |p of tbe chimney-piece. But all these p^ were details that I seemed to fe«-l rather %Z $ban to ace. My attention was at once ffer concentrated on the occupants of tlie W room — two in number. One of them £gr_ was a young man about five -and-twenty Sk, years old, with sandy hair and beard, iig amS a keen foxy-looking face — none HpL otoer, in fact, than Mr. Muxloe him BK self as be mn^t ltajge appeared when a B&& young mmn. The other inmate of the BbP room was a man both younger and Bjtr handsomer than Mr, Muxloe, but be B^P' was at that moment lying dead across Ik the hearth, with ghastly face and wide K| «*arif-g eyes, and with a ragged wound BL i in bis forehead. Clow by the dead B|fe; nwn lay a heavy riding-whip. Mr. WR JHqxloe was down on one knee, with ?Ep.* w» bnwt cia^ped tightly in the other, ^6§pL .gazing witli a «-rt of frenzied horror at HBfe^.tbe' terrible piece of wo-k beftirc him ^^^ 'jjVM ? look.tbatha* come back tome in my dreams many a time t-in--e then u My frien-l — the only friend I ever -bad,' I heard him mutter, ' and yet 1 of all men, must be bis murderer.' He pressed bis hands to his e-es, and preai sobs shook bim from head to foot. After a time he grew calmer, and then he rose oadly to his feet. 'There i» no help for it,' be said, ' I cannot face the world — I dare not risk the gallown.' He went out, but returned presently with a spade, a picknx% and one or two other implements from the garden. Then be tamed back the faded carpet, and proceeded with workmanlike dex terity to take up a portion of tlie oaken flooring. In tlie ground thus exposed to view, be dug a deep and narrow trench, throwing up the earth on to the boards as he did so. It was a work that took some time, and long before be bad done it, great beads of sweat rolled d»wn his haggard face. But they fell unheeded, and he never ceased digging t*M Ine bole was to bis mind. Tiien begot out of it and rested for a little white. Bui presently he was up and examining the contents of a du-ty old box that lay neglected in one corner of the room. From this box he pro duced a slieet of parchment, end, going to a table on which r^tood pen and ink. be {?rocettied slowly, and with much d« liberation, to write, out a statement, which, having finished, he s;»ned and dated. Next, from a cupboard hr brought a email tin canister. As soon as tlie writing was dry, be futded tbe parchment, aad shut it up in the canister. Next, from the same cap board he brought a lar-re travelling cloak, which he proceeded to sprend out at the bottom of the trench. Then, but not without some inward shrinking, as I could see, he went up to the body and raised it in hi-) arms ; but, before placing it in the liole he bad dug, he kissed it tendeily on the forehead twice. *' O Arthur! O my friend,*' he murmured, 'if by the sacrifice of my life I cou'd bring back a smile to those while lips, I swenr to beav-sn that I would gladly die this minute. To think that I 6hould make a murderer of myself for any woman's sake — least of all, for her!' In three minutes more the body was in the rude grave tbat had been dug to receive it, the canister and the ridirg-whip had been laid beside it, some folds of the travel ling-cloak h«d been thrown over the whole, and Mr. Muxloe, &pa;!e in hand, was standing with angui^brd face, fazing his last on the man whom bi. fierce pai-sions had blotted so t-uddenlj out of existence. I saw uo more. I think it must hav« been the loud whistling of the engine as we sbot into Fe 1 Side tunnel that awoke me so suddenly. Anyhow, at this point I di«i awake, and found u.yseif sti*l fitting in the middle coiupa-iiuent of B 88. but with no Mr. .Muxloe op|«rsite me — I was alone. My linids were so numbed and stiff with cold, that for a few minu'es I seemed to have no use iii them. Gradua ly some warmth crept back into my veins, and as soon as I felt my strength and nrrv« were equal to tlie task, I made the best of oiy way back to my own c«mpatiment. \W were but five miles from Park End by this time. A few minuses later I was on the platform with the old woman and the youngsters, all shaking me by the hand at once. It is almost worth one's while to leave hoae fur a time, just to see bow pleased the misses and the bairns are to get one I tack again. I said nothing to anybody about wliai I bad seen and gone through in B 88. £ kept it sbat up in my own uiintl but I could not help thinking it all over twenty limes a day. Tli;:t scene in the oak-panelled room was so deeply impressed on my memory, that, alter all these years, I Can recall eier- feature of it as clearly as if it bad happened but yesterday. Had it beri. a scene in real life, I should doubtless have half forgotten it years ago ; l-ut the surrounding circumstances were so strange, and out of tlie common way that, if I should live a bundled years, it would all be as fresh in my memory as ft was tbe morning after it happened. A week came aud went without my seeing or hearing any more of Mr. Muxloe. One evening as I was going off duty I was met and stopped by a gentleman dressed all in black. ' Can you tell me,' said he, ' whether your Company has a guard of tbe name of Preston in its employ ? ' ?? My nam» is John Preston ; at your service, sir,' answered I. ' Then you are probably the man I want,' said he. 'My name is Kepple, and 1 ati a nephew of Mr. Muxloe, who wa6 eo unfortunately killed at this station about six months ago. I was out of England at tlie time, and was obliged to - e|-end on a brief new-paper report tV.r the details of the occnrience. I »m greatly desirous of having full particulars from someone who was on the spot at tlie time. It you be the man 1 take you for, it was you who lifted up rav uurle from the spot wLere he fell, and it was in your arms thai he died.' ' I am the man you mean, Mr ; and to any information I can {live you, you an quite welcome. ' ** Then here is my address ; and if you wiil come to my Louse for an hour this evening, yon ''hail h:ive no CHUse t-- regret Laving obliged me.' 1 promised to be at hi& house by nine o'clock ; and with tbat we parted. I whs there to my time. The house was in the outskirts of tbe town, and Htood in itA own grounds. It was too dark for me to see much of the outside, but the moment I got indoiirs, I saw that tbe whole place was very old. I was admitted by a servant, who, tell ing me that Mr. Kepple would be down in two or three minutes, threw open a side door, and sliowe.d me into a long, low, old-fashioned room — into no other room, in fact, than tbe oak -panelled room of my dream ! I knew it again in a moinen', although i: was now furnish ed very difiWentit, and £ snnk into a c-iair all of a tremble. Yen, there was the very oak-panelling, with its quaint, zigzag, carved patterns ; there tbe wide old fireplace, inlaid with bine and white Dutch tiles ; there the Iiu«re window place, in which half-a-dozen .people might have sat with comfort. I recognized them all. I could not describe to you the cold, sickening feeling tbat crept over me as I looked round. Had that grue-ome tragedy, as seen by me in my dream, ever been enacted in that room ? Did the murdeied man's bones still lie unrnffVned under the boards -if that old floor ? I shudderel like a fright ened rhitd a? f put these questions to myself. Fortunately, I find time to pull myoeif together a bit before Mr. Kepple fame itvo the room. He was ?very kind and affable, and had the decanters and a cold fowl Wrought out Itefore be asked me a question. J*t-i then I could not eat. but a stiff tumbler of brandy and water helped me to get my nerve back again. After that, Mr. Keppel began to question me, and I gave him a full, true, and particular account of all the circumstances, so far as I knew them, in connection with his uncle's death. ife was greatly interested. But when I had got through everything Mint he wanted t« know, vud be had nothing fun her to ask me, I plucked up heart of grt.ee and determined to ask him bow Mr. Muxloe bad appeared to me several tiroes eince bis death, and of my strange dream in IJ 88. I nerer saw any one mure astonished than Mr. Kepj.ltj was by the tiu.e I had finished my story. For a little while he 6eemed almost too overcome to epesk. At last be said : 'If what you say be 'rue — and I have no reason to doubt your word — it npparently jtoints to one of those oiysteries wbicb seem purposely tseni now and then as if to baffle the utmost exercise of human reason. This house, which now belongs to me, was certainly my uncle's property for a grciit number of years, and although lie lived for the must part in London, he used to cume down here for one or tWii ?lays almost every month, ostensibly fur tlie fake of ihe excellent fishing with whit-h tbe neighbourhood abounds. He would never let the hou-e, although he might have had tenants by the score. One old woman bad the sole charge of it when he was away, and waited upon bim when be was here. There is one fact in connection with my uncle's residence here which seems in some measure to bear out the most singular point of your narrative : this very room in which we are sitting — in which, according to your account, a dreadful tragedy took place many years ago — was never, so long as I can remember, made, u-e of by my uncle. It wan always kept locked aud shuttered, and often as I was here during inv uncl.'s lifetime, I never saw inside tht door of this room till after his death. Enough, however, for the present. I must have time to think this strange story of yours carefully over- Come and see me at eight the evening after to-morrow, if you have no better engiigenient.' Punctual to tbe time, 1 was thsre. I wa6 nhowti into the oak uanelled room. There I found Mr. filfppie. two gentlemen, aud Oona'.d i he gardener. ** I have t-ild these two gentlemen, wh« are particular friends ?»f mine,' sitd Mr. Kepple, 'all that you told me tiie other evening. U t Iiave consulted together, and have decided, not without hesitation, to in veslmale the matter, so far as it is in our power to Jo So alter set great u lapse of lime. Asa matter of course, our first step is to ascertain whediei anyone ha- been buried in the way described by 5'--u. under Ciit- fl-iorin^ oi t'iit- room. DuuaM here, who is d:« vretiou itself, will proceed tj make the search. Be guod enough to point, ub the exact spot, as nearly as you can ram ?tni-er ir9 where you saw the body tut away.' I had no difficulty in doing this, everything was fixed too clear y in my nirtnory for that. So Donald set to work uuder m - directions. 1 took off my coat, and gave him a helping hand, while the three gentle men looked quietly on. I need not troui-Se you wi h details. It will be sufficient to say that before long we came upon a skeleton, intermixed tvi b home fragments of clothing aii'l som-- ?uste i jewellery. Near at Land Hir the remains of what had once 'ten a litliug whip, Joadc-d will* l--ad, uhi'c no great distance au'iy was the rueit-d l-ii canister which 1 lei I certain from the first that we ehuuld not iail to find. Mr. Kepple opened tbe canister, ami drew from it a eti ip of parchment. We all crowded round the table. After glancing through the paper himself, he proceeded to read aloud what was there written. This is what was written : — Park End, November 9, 18 — ; 11 p.m. I, John Muxloe, of the Inner Temple, harrister-at-lnw, having thi* night done a deed which, if m*«le public, would in all probability bring me to the gallows, hereby solemnly depose to the truth the undermentioned ?acts : — At nine o'clock this evening, bein« at that time busy over my law book, I was disturbed by a knock at tbe front door. My servant having left me to attend the death-bed of her mother, I was constrained to open tlie door myself. The person who knocked was my friend. Arthur Clevtdon, the dearest friend I had un earth. He bad his riding hco:s on, and was splashed uith mud. In one hand be carried a heavy wl.ip. He walked past me without a word of greeting into the oak-panelled room, and 1 fuDowei!, wondering what could possibly be the matter with him. his first words to uie were : 'John Muxloe, you are an infernal villian!' 1 *va* thunderstruck. ?♦Those are very hard w« rds, Anhur,' [ said. ?' You niUit be either crnzy oi drui k.' ' Ktiiber one nor ihe other,' he nnswercd. '' I repeat that you are an iufeinul villain, and I have come here to ho'sewhip you.' I laughed a little »coi nfully. ** Ic is possible for two people to play at that game, ami go mio' I said. He was poising his rifling -v\ hip iu his hand, and his eyes looked as if they would burn me through. ?* Arthur, my friend,' I said, suddenly softening, 'what is it ? — what is the meaning of these hard words ? As true as there \t- a heaven above us, I do not understaud you ! ' ' Liar and scoundrel, you understand roe but too well !' he answered. Then he gave vent to a wild torrent of woids, in which he 5U-cu-ed me of bavins stolen away tbe affections of a Certain lady, whose ii;ime need not be mentioned here, 1 being aware at the same time that her troth had already been p ighted in secret tojtira. Never was there a more unfounded accusation ! It is tiut that the lady had promised to be mine, but — and I swear it iiere most solemn ly — I hail not the remotest idea fbat Arthur Clevedon had ever been any thing more to her than an ordinary friend. She bad deceived him and hoodwinked me, for what purpose was known to ber own false heart alone. All this I tried to tell Arthur, but he would not bear me. Once asain be called me a liar, and as he did so he lashed me acrosB tbe face with bis whip. With a cry of rage I sprang at his throat. I know scarcely anything of Wtiwt followed till I &aw; fjim laying dead at my feet, with the blood streaming from a great wound in hie forthvad. I had smittvn him down with iiis-*-wn heavy whip. AH xhii huppened but one short boor ago. l-ut what an hour has that tieen to me ! and wbat other terrible hunrs has the future in store for me I But I dare not look forward. Another thing I dare not do ; I dare not let tbe world know the deed I have this night done. M y story would never be believed They wou!d say I bad murdered him ; ili«-y would hang me ! No ; I mu»-t keep my own counsel ; I must lock op rhe secret for ever in my own breas*. I have dii£ a bole under the H^oiing uf ibid room in which to dispose of the body. By its side I shall place thi document, 6O that, in case this night's dark deed should ever be brought' to light in time to come, all dispute and inquiry may be obviated. Should ii ever be brought to light during my lifetime I shall have but one resource, I should kill myself. O Arthur! dearest friend that ever man had, how I — . But I can write no more for tears. My eyes are blinded, my heart weeps tears of blood. In that world beyond the grave where nil that is dark here if* made clearer th»n day, we may (terhups meet a^ain. Then will thy hand clasp mine in Irifudthip as of old — only it will be a friendship that will last lor evet. Then wilt thou kno»* how innocent I watt of wronging thee in thought, word, or deed. Till that -ime fehall come — Farewell. John Muxloe. The reading of this strange docu menl filled everyone present with horror aud surprise. It was of course consi dered a confirmation of the statement I had made to Mr. Kepple. Nothing more was done that night. Mr. Kep ple said he must have time to consider what step6 it would be most advisable -o take under such peculiar circum stances. Tbe result may be stated in a few words. The bones were taken up, placed in a coffin, and interred with the customary solemnities in conse crated ground. The world was never told tbat it bad been discovered whose they were, but I think it not unlikely that Mr. Kepple made some private communication to tbe friends of Mr. Clevedon. But be that as it may, the affair was quietly hushed up, and the real facts of the case never spread beyond a very limited circle. 1 need scarcely add that Mr. Muxloe never troubled me again ; on tbe other hand, Mr. Kejipie did not lose sight of me. He ha* been a guod ftieml to me in twenty different ways between then and m-w. And so ends this full, true, ? ud parlicuiar accou-t of the only -r(i«st I ever saw. or I u-i-h to ret', till rise time conies when 1 ehall bea^bosi ?ny£-elf. 