MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONENT) Thursday, 21st November. An application was made in the Supreme Court this morning to His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth, by Mr. Bunny, instructed by Mr. N. J. Casey, for an order directing the Master in Lunacy to inquire into and report upon the state of mind of Mr. Darnton Watson, late of Bridge-street, Sandhurst, hay and corn merchant, but, now confined as a lunatic patient at Mr. Harcourt's private asylum at Cremorne. The affidavits on which the motion was made were those of Mrs. Watson, his wife; Dr. Paley, medical superintendent of the lunatic asylum at Yarra Bend; Dr. Graham medical superin tendent of the Crenlorne Asylum, and Dr Atkinson, of Sandhurst, the latter of whom was Mr. Watson's medical attendant prior to his removal to Cremorne. The following paragraph from Dr. Paley's affidavit, which was read in Court, shows in what an unsound state Mr. Watson's mind is:-" That the un sound state of the mind of the said Darn ton Watson is rendered manifest by his statement made to me that Dr. Graham, of Richmond, is Pope Pius that Prendergast, a patient in Cremorne, is God Almighty; that Pennington, an attendant, is God the Son and that John, a servant, is the Holy Ghost; and other things utterly inconsistent with sound reason." This application is rendered necessary by the provisions of the Lunacy Statute, preliminary to another application to be made hereafter to have Mrs. Watson, or some other fit and proper person, ap pointed ,is guardian of his person and estate. His estate, I understand, exceeds in value the sum of L15,000. His Honor granted the application. Information has been received at the Mining Departnont of the oponiug of a new goldfield in the Avoca Forest, situated eight mile3 from Wehla, and about one mile and a half from Siiinott's old diggings. The sink ing is easy, through a soft drift, varying in depth from 8 feet to 16 feet, with a foot or two of washdirt which prospects to give I oz. to 3 ozs. per load. The population is esti mated at about 800. Two small gullies only are yet opened, but there is other likely ground circumjacent. Tho lion. Mr. Fellows, or rather Judge Fellows, intends to celebrate his olevation to the judicial bench by giving young Queens cliff a treat, and ho will, on Monday, bring up all the children of the various schools, &c.;, for a visit to the Exhibition, and, for this purpose, has chartered the new Bay steamer, the Williams, and will defray all the costs and charges of the day's holiday. The R. M.S.S. Behar arrived in the Bay to-day about one p.m.) and no time was lost in getting her mails and passengers on shore. 