THE COMING COMET. -. tVrnm ITia Slat sedan 7lcvii>w.\ ' Nervous people, as it is credibly stated have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rush- ing straight towards us with amazing rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to donation va though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planes might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway stood just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming; that if it were coming it would be a very welcome visitor and that we have already passed through a comet and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood, for even astronomers have been boys, snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world ? Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station P Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge flory monster plunging through the sky with a Death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had as it were, a mathematical book put in his jaws, till his impressiveness has departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a grammar- vorous nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become an empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thomson indeed was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that some time or other the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a full as inexorable I say that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course his fellow philosophers ' found fault with some of his details, for science is a i remorseless enemy to poetry. , Let us, however, for a brief period " daily with false sunrise," and endeavour to return to the simple 1 faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer i has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we Am be able without the help of telescopes to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a space compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between such antagonists, we shall not have time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawl amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. On the other side of the world we shall have perhaps just one flash of sensation. We shall see the mountains without any metaphor, skipping like rams and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust-to indulge in a humble simile is Knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing, with it so we shall remember on the faith of a President of the British Association some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, there to begin over and over again that endless process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the comet, but we are wrapped in its fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the eternal ice of the poles, and singer the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas ! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming might possibly be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were ready to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable that we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were all really convinced that at! o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-places would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds The most natural supposition is perhaps that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city, demoralized by a plague. Persons, of strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeavour to awaken the consciences of the scenery around them ; whilst the sinners would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there was no use in keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest ; but the question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vis inert ice in our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel that, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new neither was it worth while to give up the old employ- ments which have become necessary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories such as that of the man who insisted on taking his accustomed pill an hour before he was hanged and if we were all under sentence of execution-as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, It's all very well ; we shall not want anything more after the 12th of August; but that is no reason why we should not have our regular meals and enjoy newspapers at breakfast. It does not appear inconceivable that the Tichborne case would drag its slow length along though it were perfectly clear that in a few months the estates would be flying in fragments, going towards Sirius and others to the Pole Star; that nobody's title, however perfect, would be of much value when the lands in question were situated in different comets as well as countries and that a writ of ejectment had been served upon all parties with an emphasis which there was no resisting. We suspect that cargoes of preserved meat would be exported from Australia, though it was certain that the sons would be dried up long before they could make even the most rapid passage. The daily papers would continue to appear, and indeed would be driving a roaring trade ; everybody would be anxious to have the latest intelligence as to the comet, the details as to its structure revealed by the spectroscope, and the re suit of the last calculations as to the exact moment of collision. Editors would be provided with that invaluable boon topic, the interest of which would be steadily increasing to the end of the world and though they would doubtless receive letters up to the last from correspondents anxious to explain the causes of the dulness of sermons, the decline in the trustworthiness of servants, and the carelessness with which excursion trains were managed, they would be more independent of those interminable, though now fortunately to be terminated, controversies. And when we reflect on the irrepressible eloquence and the strong sense of duty of the British journalist, there is nothing of which we feel more confident than that the morning of the 12th of August would be signalised by the appearance of an article in the highest style of the Daily Telegraph, summing up the history of the world in a low glowing paragraphs, and congratulating mankind on the fact that their extinction would at any rate be contemporaneous with that of themselves and of William Ewart Gladstone. Fresh editions would be published up to the latest possible moment, and we should be encouraged to hope that the germs flying off to other worlds on the fragment of our own, carried with the ma potential' Telegraph. The persons for whom we should feel the deepest sympathy would be the prophets, as it would be so very annoying a reflection to Dr. Cumming that, if it had not been for this ill-regulated comes, the Battle of Armageddon would have taken place next year, and the accuracy of his prognostications has been signally verified. We are, it may be, assuming a little too much There are certainly some things in which a change would be perceptible. There would be no betting, for example, on next year's Derby, and the funds could not be influenced by rumours of approaching wars. The spirit of gambling would have to take a different shape, and roulette or rouge et nor would gain a sudden popularity in place of speculation on more distant events. But in one form or other, in spite of the emotions of the more excitable sort of people, we fancy that the machinery of life from its greatest, down to its pottiest operations, would have to go on working up to the very eve of the catastrophe, from the sheer incapacity of most persons to break off their accustomed habits. We have not considered the case of a partial crash ; nor do we much care to ask what our feelings would be if America, or Ireland or China were suddenly swept out of existence, or still less what we should feel if we know that it was an even chance whether the ball would fall upon them or upon us. That reflection upon a boundless field of speculation and we will only express our conviction that a good many people would still enjoy their dinners, and avon feel it as a not unpleasant excitement, if a whole hemisphere were crushed to-morrow, so long as it was not their hemisphere. But whether we are to consider this as a melancholy proof of our deficient sympathies, or as a merciful arrangement to save us from unnecessary pain, is a problem which we cannot discuss. 