SCHOOLMASTERS AT FAULT. AT a teachers "meeting recently held in I New York City, a list of fifty words was given out, and of the ninety-four terich ers'present not one succeeded in spelling every word in the list correctly. The one, nearest accuracy failed in but two words, while the dunce of the Convention blun dered at forty-five words out of the fifty. In the ninety?-four papers examined there were '2,633. mistakes!. The word " cach innation" .was the sorest trial of all, there'being no less than fiflty different spellings. One eoiudite pedagogue spelled ' apostacy "' thus- oepposteca.. The list we subjoin, and it may occasion some. amusement to test the young folks from it. I t is-= phosphorescence eachinnntion inte mnittent' - vacillation heresy bacchsanalian bilious .fascination coercion crystallize ecstacy cateclise, clarionet trisy!!ablde surcingle tyrannize painalyse apologize licorice gauging traflieking saccharine suspicion hemorrhage elliptical rendezvous' dcleble - Fahrenheit mortgaging Galilean singeing Sadducee skilfully erysipelas subpoena hieroglyphics allegeable : apocrypha ignitible daguerreotype jeopardise idiosyncrasy dieglutition cannille aeronautic cinnibal sibylliune mignonoette apostacy kaleidoscope TuE CASE 1F THe REV. S. F. MACKIENZIE. -The Rev. J. B. Laughton of Parramatta, in compliance with a request of the presby.. tery of Goulburn. preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath last. The Rev. gentle. man took for his text in the morning 1 Pet er v. 7- "Casting all your care upon God, for he cartth. for you." After the sermon itIr Laughton intimated to the congregation the deliverance of the presbytery with refer. ence to the painful circumstances mentioned in 'ourl report of thepresbytery meeting in ourissue 'of Saturday last. Mi-Launghton spoke in the following terms:-Before bring ing the service to a conclusion this morning, my brethren,'I have, by rcequest of the pres bytery of Guiilburn, a painful, but very ne cessary duty to perform. ' I believe it is not unknown to aniy of you that a very grievous calamiity has befallen my dear friend and bro. ther-your highly-esteemed - pastor. The circumstances are such that they cannot be publicly : detailed. - It 'will be sufficient to say that the Rev. Adam Thompson and my self prepared a written statement of the circumstances, foulided upon our own perso nal observations and inquiries ; and that we submitted that statement,' with docuiiments corroborsting it, to the presbytery of Goul burn on Wednesday last, acco mpanied by such verbal explanaticnu as. we thougllhtne cessary. MD Macki?iezie himself also made a brief stateament, and requested the presby tery, if satisfied of his innocence, to give such a deliverance as ..biight enable hio, to resumiine his ministerialduties without hin dratice.. ?'ill Mackeuzie having withdrawn, thei presbytery,afteri deliberation, unanimous ly resoliid to riecord thieii entire satisfaction with Mir "lMackenziie's conduct in the very difficult and painful circumstauces in which he had bcein placed. The preabytery consi der that the statement submitted by Messrs T?ihomson and Laughton, with the corroboc ative documents included therein, places the whole case in such a light that they cain have no hesitation in expressing their conviction that 'Mt. MIckcnzie's 'chlracter is free frion any charge or suspicion. The presbytery belie've that nothing that" has occurred ought. injuriously to affect Mr Mackenzie's position and ministerial' usefulness; and they trust that he may be long spared to labour in his' present sphere with'increasing acceptance and success. The presbytery resolve to re. cord their deep sympathy with Mr Macken zie in the severe trial with which he has been visited, and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation, praying ,that all his affliction may be sanctified to his growth in grace, and to the strengthing of his hands in the work of the Lord." 'Such is the deliverance of the prcsbytery, which, in obedience to their request, I have now riead to you. As one of Mr Mackenizie's oldest and most inrrtitate friends, I muay be permitted an expression of my-own satisfac tion that the presbytery has fdlt itself at li berty to give a deliverance which cannot fail to satisfy you, as his congrcgation, and the public generally, that i'Mr Mackenzie's char acter is free froni the slightest shadow of suspicion. I ne'id not' say ihow deeply his breihren in the mitiistry have synmputhised with him, and th~t our confidence in hiii has lieen- strengthenid by'the Clitstian, manly'conrage whicIl promipted hint at once to afford every ffacility for faill investigation. I trust he may be spored for many yearsto laboir amongst you,:and that he may find in :the'increaised attachasent of' his flock, umid in'thih tokens of success vouchsafed hint by the great Head of the cdhuirch, a cordial for. his sorely-wounded' spir;t. Miay' the God of hope fill both you and him with all joy and peace in believing, that ye t nay abound hii hdpec through the power of the Hloly Ghost: -The service was closed with praise, prayei?' and the benediction, in the usual form.-. G0oulburn Herald. loleooway's Ointment and. :Pils - Old Sores' Wounds and .Ulcers-The readiness with which? Holloway's Uinaguent removes all obstructions in tbo circulation of the vessels' and' lymphatics explains' their irresistible Influence in hbeatling old sores, bad wounds, and indolent ulcers. T.o insure thedeslrcd' effect,~the skin isurrounding thoe diseased part should' be fomented, droied, and immediately well ruhbed' with the Ointment. ' This will give purity to the foul blood, and strength to the weankened nerves--the? only conditions necessary for thn? cure of all those: hideous ulceration which render life all most intoler able. No sooner is this Olntment's protective power' exerted than the destructive process ceases and the constructive business begins-new, healthy growths appear, to 1111 up the lately painful, excavated pit. 