'0UN5TAN ; |kjf#UAI. RACES. The New Ypor ^iras -cummemorntcd by the usnol -rncej A the Plat*. The at tendance., though hut so large as on pri1 vioiisocc«»i«nn, «-;ttgnod. Krery atten tion was accorded by tiie worthy host of the B liny an Hirfcl to thosn vinitors who spent their holiday atthe linnyan Uaces. In tlie early part of the morning, the gentlemen who nnitcrtook tjie onerous duties appertaining to race officials were selected, and they all pulled together with one accord, and did their utmost to ren der justice unto all concerned. Mr. John Harris acted well as judge, as also did tlie stewards, Messrs. I. A. Shannon, 8. Wondcroft, 'A. Myers, Jnuies Griffin, and John Byrnes. The post of starter fell into tlio able hands of Mr. Samuel Woodcraft. Tlio veteran of the ecarlel mlics was not there, hut he bad a zealous imitator in Mr. Keefe. Th« sun was intensely liot, and especially disagreeable to the ladies, of whom there wero not many present. Tlie eparce attendance of the fuir enes threw a slight dumper on tlie enjoyments of tbe day, which was nl-onod -Tor, in n ?.lifrlit measure, by. the excellent running for tW prizes. ' 'At. about 12 o'clock, bis clerkship warned, eportstnen that it was time to prepare for the First Race.— The Maiden Plate of 5 sovereigns, for all horses that had not won an advertised prize prior to their entrance; distance, lj mile; weight lor 'go- Mr. J. Co.Brnrs1! ( jun.) b f Wate rlllv. S Tfart. B-I2U.' ? (P. Harm) l(dln) J. I.O'nrlm'iehhSbronhll. 3v..»r», 1-1 . W' ? ~ ? (T rnltlwviml S J. CoEfr.ove'lbm Anqie Lituriu, 4 ytatt. Only the above three horxes sported silk for this event, all of them getting away to a f;oc.d start. Shionhill was declared to carry 191bs. over-weight: Annie Laurie, 1 1 lbs. ; and Wtttcrlily, 91bs. When the , first imif-uiilo bad been put under foot, Annie Lnurio . was first, but she was closely followed by Shronhill, the latter having Wntcrlilly double-bunking him. They kept well together till they reached the \ mile post, wlicn Annie Iiaun'e, who had been trying to take the mettle out of Shronhill, fell back, and the race then Irv between Shronbill and Water lily. The hitter, having reserved her speed for the close o,f tbe race, won easily. Defore the horses started, Mr. O'Brien handed in to the stewards a written pro test ngaiiiBt Waterlily, on the ground that she was not the' properly of Mr. Cosgrovc, and that that gentleman had failed to put ' n.s.' after his name at tbe lime of entering the mare. Mr. John Cosgrove (junior) said he had been the owner since Sunday of Waterlily, and the Stewards allowed him till 6 o'clock, to pioduce. the receipt, which he failed to do. Consequently, Waterlily was dis qualified, and Shrouhill declaeed the winner. Bhronbill ran gamely', but the jockey was not ublc to counteract the ' pumping' lie «fas subjected to — both tlie other horsos running him down. Second Riiee.4-The Bunyan Town Pluto of 8 eoveftigns for all horses'; distancb, 3 imlcssweiglit for age. Mr. J. BmlitiN « c IIo)mf« (in. oh Jtt), »(H s.tS'bi ? (P. i.»y.ii) 1 3.1.0'Uii.n'an.nrtigCrab, aid, 0-1 SHu'lO. ? i ? Dm-Mi..!,) 5 J. tV»Brn.|... [ Itn.ldrt -Vb»l.'t.l.nMl|I»!, flat Sil, J A.KI-imi n*-n.p. brg UonJunn 0 y.-ars, 9.1 81U 0 Crali and Whalebone declared to carry overweight. The Ghost led fit the si»it, but a cheek was speedily put upon him, although it had the appearance of a good contest for the (irst round, Wlmlehonc going by \w No. J, Don Junn No. 2,- and Crnh 3rd, followed up by the horse in white. Abont hnlf- way round in the second mile, old Holmes began to creep np to Crab, nnd at the J mile, post there was only a length intervening between those two; Don Juan having retired to tlie rear, and the other horses going at top speed, ar me secona mile was being reached, a tierce tussle commenced between Crah nnd tbe Ghost, aud Don Junn, apparently wound up, was alreudy being severely flogged. After passing tin. second mile, the Spaniard took a position considerably in the background. At the two-mile post, there was a neck between Crnh nnd the aged grey. In tbo thistles, about a quarter of a mile past the -Bland, the Ghost, who had waited closely on Ci-ab, passed his nose iu front of his opponent; at 2£ miles, ho had a clear lead of a length ; and Holmes look the prize, hard held, with a distance of two or three lengths to spare ; Whale bone, 8, wab several lengths behind Crab ; and Don Junn was hardly within 'tioo'ey' of (ho others. Mr. J. I. O'Brien entered a protest that Ifolmcs closed on Crab in passing the stand on entering tlie last mile, and did not allow. room. for the jockey of Crab ; after a short /consulta- tion, the Stewards, being unanimously of the opinion that the charge was not enterljiinablo, decided that the Ghost had won the nice honestly. Third Hncc. — Hack Race of two soVc reigns,. for grass-fed hacks that -were approved ef by the. Stewards;. mile heats; 10 stone up. , H..n. IYtrv'un.*. bh Stockman ? I 1 «A.ShMin..n'«n.i.bnM«ilinirka.. ? „ ? S fl A Kieholl'f hr f Hz.ll-ca.te ? „ ? „..;..„ .. -S 9 £. Mctntyre*!! hr b Vi.ltinleiT ? «_. '0 8 C. Kymr.'hhB.t-i-l|.]l«y J. Snilih'rjnmOue-n Victoria1 : ! M.v.nvanSb|rlV|HTlltnu * ' ' *? P.DUIun-abRHaniula B. bncnu'ebglnal-of^AJl ? . . .. .? :- Madizurka took n lead of two lengths »t the start, which he kept for about three quarters of a mile, when Stockman gave Jjim the go-hj'. Slocknian von the liret heat by three lengths ; Madir.nrka taking second place ; and Hiilf- castejrod the rest were nowhere. Stockman led off in the second heat, and wonirith ease by Several lengths; Halfe-caste playing second fiddle ; nnd Volunteer was third. Mtdizurlca iva6 not called upon in this heat to make an effort to keep np the position bell ad gained in the previous one. . . ?? ? ? ? ? ? /? ? '? Fourth Race.— The Beaten Stakes of £3 10s., for all horses that had not won a prirjfe dnrimg the meeting ; distance, 2 miles. ,[ .. ... , Mr^.Oo-ni-ra'ltJ'in-lbr(tni»lrt-Mie,iwtotil(P. ', A. 8b3monV«''tojs'l)o'n'jiianr««'*'l'»T'io.1 Bwdptwa) ,ji ? ...„ ? _^..™«.».._^..M ! Having deceived the *tailer'e -word *r command, (ho Don took the premiership, and inuiiiiainrd. his dignity for ha:fa tnilc, whcn-Wbalcbone pnt in » claim for the honpsliydosingon his rival. There' was no perceptible difference for the next quarter of a mile. In the homeftretch, liowjvcr;\Wha}-;bo^(S begin to makegdod his demand ^y leiyrngKiebpaninrdbalf a Icnjgtji i'n the rear ;; nltiniatdy, Mr. CoEgroTcV Jjorsc gftincd 'iJic first mile 1)y a length/ .-i In ihe babketretcb^f, the sccond'oiile, Whalebone wnstbreeiergths ahead of Don Juan, a distance that was gradually enlarged. Whalebone won as he liked. Fifth Raee.— Hnrry Scurry of £l 10*., for all horses approved of by the SUnv ards ; one oiilc'iind alialf ; catch weight*. Mr. A Shunii.n'anj.hgMadiiutlu. (O.Snoiljraii!) 1 K rfrt KtilchtofO«yn» ? (O. B.iliT) S T. Oilloti'acbatnunlir ? - « rjirfrer'fc ch K Dushmiin ? - ? „ ? 0 ;. ii. Vms't Old ote«»ot ? ? ? o Hunter bounded off atthe start, nnd held first position for nearly a mile, the whole of the horses being well together. Coming to tbe end of tlie first mile, Madizurka forged in front, but he shortly after took a back teat, In' having made way for the Knight of (Jwynnc ; in the sand, Mudieurka made the attempt to secure tlie prize, and succeeded, he win ning by a length. ? , This closed the «ve-U on the Bunyan csriV .to Uic innniteJftilit of the race officials, 'who diicrtS^StTin uwryoredit able manner what are too often thankless responsibilities. Hust Cullen is deserving of .praise fur thedelcfoiuittinn he evinces in celebrating the New^Year by sports at Bunynn- the trip alone is refreshing. The settling was prompt and satisfactory. The Old Ghost, victor id the Town Plate, is a surprising horao. We were talking, the other night, to n gentleman who saw him running for a Maiden Plate, at IJatlnirst, fourteen or sixteen years ago. The grey must bo verging on 20 years of age ; as an old nnd a well-tried turf servant, he should be superannuated. At the present moment, it would be a smart .youngster who could take the wind out of his sail in n three-mile race. What made his running at. Bunyan on New Year's Day more conspWious is the fact that he had bocn only a week ' off the grass ;' but it must be borne in mind that he was looked after duiinftliatsliort period by 'one who iSfceW-vt-rsfd in train ing matters, Mr. Keefc. ' Is It not time that Old Holmus was pensioned ? Mr. Cullen provided an excellent spe cial dinner for the gentlemen jvrfao con ducted the Jraciis, to which oijr reporter was invited. The visitors to 'the races sat down to dine in the large parlor of the Bunyan Hotel. In the evening, there was jriven, atthe Bunyan Hotel, a very pleasing concert by Mr. Bbnw and his talented daughters. One of the: latter, a child 5 years of age, verily astonished the audience by the manner iu which she. rendered .her songsj and many calls were made upon the iittio songstress, which pleased her highly. Tlio ball-was attended by alarge number, who tripped it joyfolly till day light did pppoar. There was no lack of amusement at Bunyan on the 1st of 1872. JopKty Cujnt — A meeting of '.the Committee of tie Hanaro Jockey Club was held at tliefcooma Hotel on Thurs 'Haf afternoon jkt ; M*r 'Montague pre siding. The nrotiug had been convened for the objectfc considering tlio pro priety of postponing the forthcoming Annual ftaces iill early in April next. It wns resolved, upon the proposition of Mr. l\ J. J. Clifford, seconded by Mr. W. Wallace : That (he races take place on the days already fixed; viz., 19th and 20(b Mnre.li next. It was proposed by Mr. Ijipscomb, seconded by Mr. Kirwan, and carried: That Messrs. Cohen, Styles, Wo.-)lott. mid tbe niorar should be ap pointed a sub-committee to have the stand removed to the opposite side to that it now occupies, aud to have the stand' improved. Accident. — As » young Jnd, the son of Duncan 'Cameron, of the Threo Milo Waterholc, wji6 proceeding on horseback on Boxiug Day in company with his brother and sister to Mr Hands, of Brain Dairy, ho had occasion to dismount to tighten the. girths, whe.i the a1 i :ia' sud denly kicked and broke the lad's thigh. Aftcr.B, time lie wii6 taken back 'to fan father's residence, about live miles, in a cart, and Mr Lane of Kameruka, after returning home from a heavy day's' rid-'' ing, kindly went over and set the limb. The sufferer, who is about twelve yenrs old, is, we happy are to state, progressing favorably.— Soiahem Standard. Tnn-Medrat Times states that Mr. J. T. Margofchis, brother of Mr. Ezra Margoschis (of Dairyman's Plain), has been Appointed one of the examiners at the Madras University. ' Mr. J. T. Margoschis is nlso the editor of a coin-. plcte' matriculation text -book that lias been favorably noticed? '??' ' ?'? List, of unclaimed letters now lying at the Post Office, Cooma : — Butler Thomas, Braddely Lucy,. Baisbrown Gco., Boche C, Carter Angelo, Campbell Thos., Creasy D., Cpi M m.v ;Der Hnnison Rp'pt., Drury: Eliza-, 'bcth, JDuke panics, Duly, R0bt.7TJrlaney JameB, Dunn TbotDas, jBvans Joseph, Ellis Hy, Eural Patk., Kidridge Jerc miali, Fitlmess A;,1 Flynn Win'., Fio Stephen,. Gnnn P. (3), Garaglite Joseph, Gray -D., Herriit J^no., Hewitt Win., Horton James,. Harpe Patk., Harris Benj-V Jnckson Sn^ {2)r Jaekspn &obij.;,r ?Lowell Air., Lyrich'.A'Hdrcw, Xord jfno., Martin James, Myers J., Morrisey.Patk.,1 McLanchlin Monies, : McKee Janie's; 'Preston .J|enry, Phillips Mary,' Rich Horace lt2). Bec«g .Win., Bixlfn. W-n., Hobiiison FVodk. Jno., §topp Geo., Staples Hy. Thoi.,,Tornerl!dwio, Turn bull 6., Thompson ^obfcviTCcelreeEi A., Weekly. Geo., . WiJfW^Thomas, (2), Witinonght.- Wflfo^9rs.,iW6tlinBTa! MoDiFicArioN-or rpu iUrEs op Pos taoe. — Itfis notified HntbcyjorJertirienf Go sea*' that nrrHtigcmentetnv6 been en tered into - with .the Government of Queensland, tinder which book-packete, trade-patterns, ,-Sko.,:.of !'Jigit weight, can be transmitted to -that colony nt the fol lowing Reduced rfiarges, vit..—'SoteT ceeding one ounce,- Id.-; exceeding 6ns ounoe and not exceodjtig two onnccs, Jd,, ^Packetso_fgre:itcr;wfeijght than two 6'urices will remain suhjMt' to the B»me rates as are now ch»rgeabit. : ?? . . , SoTEtuVRCATroK Act.— Four Tonnds per centum will b:r deducted daring the year 1872 from tnepayofall persons in tie Public Service toltrbom the Superannua tion Act of nM2pt-bt.miamia+mm3 Earthquake.— At twenty-five min- utes to 12, or about midnight on Wed- nesday last, a violent shock of earthquake was experienced in Cooma, causing no little alarm to our townspeople. The vi- bration of the earth was most distinctly felt, and housewives and others perceived that crockery, glassware, bottles, and other things had for a few moments be- come possessed of vitality. The earth- quake seemed to pass from north to south, and lasted but a few seconds. A gentle- man, writing to us on Thursday last, says : — " I was writing at the time, and heard it in all its solemnity, as did equally the servants in the kitchen, who were in no small degree alarmed. The shock, according to the clock in the kitchen, must have occurred within about five minutes to 12 o'clock." At the Cooma Hotel and other places in Massie-street, the shock was surprising ; in the former place, a person walking across one of the rooms at the time of the subter- ranean commotion grasped the table; a legal gentleman who was then engaged in writing formed some strange hieroglo- phics on the sheet of paper before him. Messrs. Carey and Burke, of the Cri- terion Stores, describe the sensation at being a most unpleasant one, and the rumbling noise accompanying the shock as if a number of heavy articles had been rolled over the roof of the premises. In the Manaro Mercury Office, some of the printing material was shifted out of its place, and the position in which it laid indicates that the shock came from the north. Teamsters who camped on the plains say they were lifted up from the ground and laid down after a gentle rocking motion by the earthquake. Of course, there are various opinions as to the direction of the underground travel- ler, and as to the exact time of the visitation ; we believe the time was 25 minutes to 12 p.m. The vibration was very forcible at Bunyan. A private telegram from Kiandra speaks of the shock of earthquake there as having been very alarming. We are informed that the shock was felt by the residents of Seymour. At Umaralla, the shock was also distinct, and it is said that it re- sembled a number of horses galloping to- wards the river. At Cottage Creek, near Bobundarah, the shock was severely felt; the inmates of Mrs. Pendergast's house expected the building, which is a large stone one, to fall, so great was the vibration. At Riverslee, the residence of Mr. W. Cosgrove, the effects of the earthquake were visible by the oscilla- ting motion causing everything in the house to tremble. We have no doubt the earthquake was felt throughout the whole district. Equine. — On Thursday last, many of Mr. W. Cosgrove's racing stock arrived in Cooma for the purpose of being shod. Amongst them, were to bft observed splendid specimens of the equine race. The Billylingra stable will, very probably, send some horses in splendid condition to Tea-tree Ihis year. Tbe animals re ferred to were, vre believe, in charge of ,Mr. M.Maca}i$ter. »-, . 1 ? Mail. — 'jne mail due in Cooma at an curly hour ycsler.lny morning did not ar rive till noon, anl was then deficient of the Sydney and Goiillmrn mails. Wo learn that the mail-bngB were in charge of the driver known as ' Combo,' and that they were lost some two or three miles on the Qncanbcyan side of Mica lago, last Thursday. The coach in which the mails were being conveyed broke down, both wheels having come off. The driver then packed tho bags on the horses, and, in journeying onward, the horse which Combo rode commenced to. buck, and he throw his rider and eased himself of the mail bags. Tbe other horse, on whom had been 'placed tbe Sydney and Gonlhurn mail bags bolted into tbe bush. Combo searched till dark for tho! missing horse and bags, but, being unable to find either, ho reported the loss at Micalago, and brought the Queanbeyan mail bag to Cooma. Mr. Jloren and the police are now out in search of the missing mail bags. Pobt Office Stores. — These stores,, so long carried on and conducted by ?Messrs. WV and A. Sturgeon, have chrmged hands, the incoming business man being Mr. E. Mandelson. New Sixpence Postaob Stamp. — It has been notified in the Government Gazette that, on and after tbo 1st January next anew postage stamp, described below, of tbe vulu« of sixpence, will be.issuediu substitution for the one now . current. Until, however, the snpply of the present sixpence stamp becomes exhausted, such stamp may be used in payment of postage. Description of new EixpiinccBtamp. Profill of QiieenVltstoria, with diadem to tbeleft, on tinted ground, in oval band on Which is inscribed in white letters ' 'Now South Wales postage, sixpence,* within hexa gonal frame' and.rbordcr-lincs,, the outer spaces filled in with finenctwork. Printed inviolot.lSOptatnpsinUioEheet. Water mailf,' a Crown aojl.f.R1 S. W'one hnn- ? drd and twenty times repeated on each ^shcet. .... , , ; An inquebt was held on Cbristmas day at Spring Creek, upon the fomainE of Riehd. Gco. Widows, aged I j.' The father of deceased deposed tlmt it about half-past 7 on tbe morning of the same day, deceased mounted ahorse at the drior of the hut; the animal commonccd to -buck and plunge,', and iafter carrying de ceased n distance of abont twenty yards, pitched him heavily on his head ; bo breathed for abouc^ half-an-npur, but never spoke' «ir appeared .to recover con-f EciouBnoES.' The evidence of Dr. Temple disclosed '^lat'lfae. -immediate canso of death was fracture of .the. base of. the skull. A verditt was returned in nooord ance with the medical evidence. — Durran- ons Argus. ,. 'r.::'l-.. . ? . ...... 1, AKoraiE {.KicHHaBDr EtTHoa.— The Com miaionerol Polios has nceired the following .telegram from acting (ob^riprcior Collopr, at Dn«^i-«(K-d i^J Hdr-oka clnidnn ' ibidt t'teenymn or npo hive bwn wen vith llio DUokrby.Uit difgn. rt Brmthtoa Krar ruh. Oae black wit canght oho »J-oko»Mjo -wprdtpf Uvrinan, and lie said an oli wliile man m with hia tribe ? prisoner. It ii tctiared (o be Ijdoh. harili.' It is not at all probbble that then ii »n» truth in thii report u %h ilia 'old wliite man priBODer* ii oonoenied, »i4h» MnU diitriot hu bees tratertfr} aevem jimet bj sliiin. Ihe Broojhfcm a t ffifcy rf--b. §ofd«Hn fiite-, ' 