THE EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. , To the Editor of th» Empire. SIB,-Although an doctor for East Sydnoy, I oortninly ] did not.intend to iutorforo, directly or indirectly, in tho prosont' election, had not Mr. Parkes, in. each of his electioneering speockos, dona ino tho honour of dis- tinguishing mo by making mo a target for attack. Mr Parkos, I am told, askad exultingly, yesterday, on tho hustings, after the nominations were completed, why I had not obtained my nomination to opposo him ? The fact ¡of my having nbstuincd from taking any part in the election, on oithor sido, would seom to havo rondered tho question unaocossary, even if the circum- stance of my being ono of tho mombers for "West Sydney had not suggested a satisfactory answer P But suppose for a moment it bo assumod that Mr. Furkcs really thought I could, nuder any circumstances, put such un affront on Wost Sydnoy as to rosign my sont for that electorate, nnd offor myself for Enit Sydnoy, may I not ask why it did not suggest itself to Mr. Parkes to broach tho subjoct boforo tho nominations wero over, and not after, when, of course, it was too lato for mo to enter tho lists P So little interest did I take in the deliverances of Mr. Parkos, having had auiplo exporiouco of his uttor un- scrupulousness with regard to the assortions and pro- mises ho makes ou suoTi ooeasions, that I should not have given his spoechos tho slightest thought had I not boon informed of his bunkum inquiries as to why I was not a onndidato. Haring thus had my attention called to thom, I was much amused to find Mr. Parkos boast- ing that " whilo othor mon who had boen called on in turn by hor Majosty's representatives to adriso ou tho formation of a Government, ho alono lind boon able to surround himself with old political associates, that had worked togethor, and with him, in all tho groat poli- tical struggles that had occurrod during his colouial lifo 1 Horo was for once a Government of ono mind," &c.;, .tc. I nm not of course quoting tho exact words of Mr. Parkes. Thoro was far too much of it for that, and his words of bunkum wore too tali, far too tall, for mo to handle satisfactorily in tho way of condensation ; but I boliovo it will bo admitted, that I havo corrootly given what tho wholo convoyed. Not satisfied with tho bombast of thoso general plum ings, Mr. Parkes goos on to particularise. MK Piddington gets erodit for twenty-five years as- sociation of this kind 1 Mr. Parkes, in tho samo speech, boasts of haring supported tho Electoral Act of 1858, with all its liberal provisions, and ospocially thoso rela- ting to manhood suffrage and voto by ballot. But did Mr. Piddington volo for thoso reforms P Mr. Butler is put down for eighteen years. But was Mr. Butlorassocmtod with Mr. Parkos by way oven of approval of his uu-Euglish nud dastardly couduet ia cross-examining a prisoner while awaiting in gaol, trial on a capital charge, and, without lotting that prisoner know it, placing a shorthand writer behind tho door, to tako down his carelossly-apokon words. Was Mr. Butlor associated with Mr. Parkes in his outragoous conduct to Eathor Sillon ? Or waa hs a party to tho Kiama Ghost falsehoods P &o.;, &.., &c.; Mr. Samuel, whom every ono respects, next comos in for mention, but his name was dropped as if it had boen spoken inadvertently, or, at least, iiimrovidontly ; for oven Mr. Parkos wus not hardy enough to claim long association, or oven any association at all, with him. Mr. Sutherland ia next honoured by Mr. Parkos' J notice, and a moro worthy mau than Mr. Sutherland ' docs not exist. But if tho manner in. which Mr. Parkos dealt with Mr. Suthorlund, throughout tlio whole time Mr. Sutherland was inofiieu, and even up almost to the present timo, is tho manner in which Mr. Parkes deals with " highly ostcomod lifo-long associates," it should bo a caution to uow acquaintances to break off while bis ncquaintanco is yot young. Mr. Parnell is noticed as another of tho eightoer» yonrs' associates in all great political struggles iu which Mr. Parkes has taken part. In another part of tho samo spçcch Mr. Parkes boasts of having " supported Mr. llobcrtson's Land Acts." But did not Mr. Farnoll loso his scat for Parramatta for his opposition to thoso Acts P .Mr. George A. Lloyd I Well, thia gontlonmn, though introduced with vory tull surrotuidings, Ima nothing rory decided said of him in tho way of long association. Yet such association ia nlmost implied. Surely all tho timo Mr. Parkes has boon .airing ida patriotism ho has not boon ougagod in clover manocuvros in tho flour market ? Mr. Innes is noxt. introdnced, but with nothing moro than " honourable montion." I hopo ho fools, flattered ! It would have saved mo tho trouble of writing this lotter, and of putting myself undor tho obligation to you of asking for its publication, if Mr. Parkes had geno on with IIÍH Cabinut-inakiiig, and with his Ministerial election, and loft mo atone. No ono expected Mr. Parkes to form a Government without discordant alo. incuts. No ono expected Mr. Parkes to form a bettor Govornmout than ho has formed (tho wonder ia that it is not wot-so). And no ono can fail to porcoivo that, in parading his defenco of his colleagues, his objoct is lo divert attention from his own dofoot,H, "Whatever faults tho worst of his colleagues may luivo, Mr. Parkos may roly upon it, that history will doolaro Hoary Parkes tho most objectionable, of tho toant. Your obedient sorvant, JOHN ROBERTSON. Clovelly, 2Ut Moy. 