JOTTINGS, BY IDLER. There is no reason to complain of the contractors for the Strand road being insifliciently watched, for in addition to the attention which the surveyor very properly gives to the work, there is a number of hawk- eyed gentlemen continually hanging about the scene of operations, who will take very good care that no one makes a fortune out of the job,-a charitable feeling, by the way, which finds a place in nmore cultivated systems than those of borough councillors. In Russia and other countries, when a pack of wolves are in full cry after human flesh, and one of them is wounded by a bullet, the rest stop-not for the purpose of sympathising with him, but in order that they may eat him.. The very'fact of.his having been s few minutes previouslyrthe leader of the pack, only gives a relish to' the 'appetites of his com panions, and they make short work of him. So it' is with Mlessrs. Power and Horsley.. They were once members of the borough Council, and this, I suppose, is the reason why they are subjected to so much annoyance now when they are council centractors. If they are prepared to perform their work honestly, why not let them do it, withoit being subjected to unnecessary, annoyance? "The surveyor only does his' dty in reporting anything he may believe to be a depairture from the specifl cations., I do not complain of liim, but of those councillors who go out of their *ay to indulge in what Councillor Power termed " nig-nagging." The church-going people of Melbourne are not to be allowed to have all the quarrelling to them selves. Messrs. Henderson and Cameron and their respective admirers have been dealing pretty largely in that peculiarly venomous abuse which is always to be expected when the clerical mind becomes excited... Their letters to the newspapers contained epithets which ar'e ot usually observable in the best pulpit oratory, and those two gifted divines have found nothing better to do than to employ their energies in concocting insulting and satirical sentences. In Williamstown we are not the witnesses of such a 'clerical duel, but some food for gossip has been supplied by a preacher parting company with his congregation on any thing but pleasant terms. Whether the fault lies with the minister or the congregation, it is not for me to say ; but I do think that men possessing the privilege of choosing their own pastor, ought to be able to secure a useful, man in whom they have confidence. The only: gratifying feature which this case represents is the fact that the breach was not produced by a woman. ` The softer sex had not the ghost of a finger in the pie, therefore it may be assumed that no great wrong has been committed. It is a melancholy fact that in nearly all our clerical scandals, some gushing piece of frailty has played a prominent and not altogether eredithble part, and while the too ::susceptible shepherd invariably gets into disgrace, the way ward sheep comes in for a lot of undeserved sym pathy. n i - ' · The people of Williamstown 'ay not be aware of the immense advantages they enjoy over:other baroughs in the colony. "It has only just ?been made clear to me'thlatwe are living in the fill blaze of the sun of knowledge, and that if we do not make rapid' mental.improvement~we cannpt. put forward the Ide tlihat ourtoprtunii es, were limited. All the brilliancy of intellect which influences the -various small societies whose, members are thirsting for 'wisdom and iasking frantic efforts to "get understanding," would rise up in judgment against us. Even the evidence of the Mechanics' Institute' committee would be sufficient to carry a verdict against us, for they would come forward and depose.that they had established a "Literary and Scientific class". for the purpose of, disseminating useful"information. Very kind and philanthropic of them, no doubt. Probably they were actuated by the same noble feeling in getting their likenesses framed and hung up in the reading-room, in order that the collection might serve to illustrate the sliding-scale laid down by some advocates of the progressive develop ment theory. The "Literary and Scientific" gentlemen commenced with the unpretending title of the "conversational class," and it is recorded that after a little practice they were enabled to keep up a conversation of fifteen minumites' duration on the simple subject of the weather. Such extraordinary powers of course demanded greater scope, and the members, soaring above the' pr'r'sio things of this life, took their stand o' the high ground which they now occupy.;: feiw nights ago I saw in the Institute a no'ico, that at the.next meeting of the class. ".iterary, mechanical, scien tific, and geot.aphical" papers would be read.' I wanted. tknow something about this extraordinary class, but I could discover nothing beyond the fact that some of the members spoke very ungram matically, and lived in open rebellion to the letter "h," from whichI gathered that they were either accomplished Greek' scholars, 'or that' they were too full of science to occupy their minds with anything so uninteresting as the proper pronidicia tion of the Queen's English. I hope, however, that at the end of the year the' results of this scientific party's deliberations may hb made known. so that the world may reap the 'lene~itof :their application and ability. Those working men who' some 'tinie ago endeavoured to establish a Widows' and Orphans' Aid Society in Williamstown, have been' uiable to secure a sufficient number of. members "to carry' out their design. They wre: very sanguinary of success, and I doubt whether their failure to secure the co- operation of their companions has convinced them of any unsoundness in the principles on which they endeavoured 'to. establish their sooleyi. One thing I feel sure of is that ?aate of those who took an active i art ill this luovement were thoroughly in earnest al dlid not thrust themselves forward for the purpose of deriving any pecuniary .nivantago or of , making .themselves conspicuous as the advocates of iiLpracticable theories. 'I attended one of the mecetiigs, snd I heard a mani give a little of his own early experience which left no doubt in myn?ind as to his sincerity. He told his hearers of the misery and destitution of a fatherless family, anid explained how the recollection of that uknhappy time had induced him to do all he could for the relief of others who might be similarly situated. But the intentions of the men could never be fultilled by the plan they laid down. People who join asociety of the kind contemplated, want, above all;things, the assurance that the money will be promptly paid on the death of a member.: In this society, which would be materially affected by many circumstances, there could be no such confidence that this would be the case. The foundaion' would have been very shaky indeed, and it is as well for every one concerned that a superstructure was not raised upon it. The insurance office 'arc making:great efforts just now; td push buosiness. I understand that an active agent in Williamstown, in addition to low rates and prompt payments, holds out still further inducements in the way of life assurance. He promises in the event of a married woman dying to pay the sum assured to her husband within four teen days, and to provide him within sixty days a better wife than the one he has lost. As the same privileges are extended to married ladies, I should think that a large increase of business would accrue in life assurance when the conditions become known. 