. *. <.:' HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, Tuesday, October 8. 1 ^fejjfesgageg; were "received from the" Governor, . ?^Srimending the House to make provision for : tffhofoT which addresses had been adopted the^oriefor £750 for an. Institute at Norwood and the other for £1,000 for a bonus for flax. .The Married Women's-Acknowledgments Bill .wasread a third time and passed. The Exchequer Bills Bill was-passed through- Committee. The "Vaccination Bill was returned from the Legislative Council'with amendments,, which were ordered to be taken , into , consideration on Tuesday. The; Northern Townships Bill was read a second -timli ahtf~M»sed- through/Oornmittee. vTho''ad-' joumea debate'on the Budget was resumed,"and further.adjourned till Thursday. . . .;vWednesday, October V. . . Messages were received from the Governor, recdmm|n<png the House to make proyiaon to' raise £6% 00.0 by treasury bills for the. construc tion of roads, and also to make provision for the eradication of noxious weeds. Mr. "Ward's: motion that the system of naming places in.the colony with the Christian !or surnames of ladies ? and " gentlemen: be discontinued, was negatived. Mr. Boucaut opened a ' privilege, debatewith reference to the presentation of Bills, which was adjourned till next day. The second reading of, the Perm^ve Uq^uofria.w:.Bill'was :carried. The report, of the Comrnittee pf the whole House on the Treasury,Bills,Bill, was adopted, and,-the Standing Orders being suspended, the Bill was read, a. third time . and. passed.Mr. West Erstine'i motion for placing , a sum on the Estimates for a bridge at the .junction of the Mount_ Barker Creek' .with the . Bremer was, after discussion, withdrawn ou the Government promising to give the matter favorable considera tion sind cany out the work 'as'soon as possible. The Honl'Mr." Blyth's -motion for'£60,000 for ,road: purposes was withdrawn^" the,Treasurer hav ing promised 'the mover that an address would be sent down recommending that' the ' matter should be dealt' with in the way proposed by the motion. The Hon. Mr.-Blyth's motion for . a copy of the' Central Road Board's application for; an athount of money for service" in 1873 was carried. J Mr. Carr moved, on behalf of Mr. Derringifon, for a return of the duties, ;&c.;, of the Inspector of .Schools, and the motion was carried.:.;.' \ : '-Thursday: October 10.. , Several- petitions were presented, including " one by Mr.. Biddoch, from Chairman of District CorincU bf'Pehola, praying tlje House to cause the Road from Victoria into Penola to be-placed on.tie, schedule of main roads; and another praying for £500 to enlarge and improve the telegraph' Station and Post Office in Penola.. Thie Northern.Townships Bill was read a thiitl time and passedl Mr. Boucaut's motion respecting the privileges of" the House, and the right of the Speaker-to present Money Bills at the bar of; the Legislative Council, we carried. Friday, Odobcr ll. 1ACEPEDE HAT AND NAUBACOORTE BAII,WAY. M^.. Rjfldbch inoved-That lie have leave to introduce a Bill for an Abt to repeal Act No. 7 -jof_1871, being an^Act-t^ provide for-the-forma-, tion qf arline'of. railwayfropr Lacepede Bay to' ? Narracoorte." He: was':loth -toi move in. the ? matter, as the public were sick of the subject. ' He hoped another session would not be allowed to pass without 'giving Narracoorte settlers means' of transit to the seaboard; but the' Bill required -amendment. The guage was objected to; the cost would be greater than set. forth in the Bill!; and there was a difference of opinion as to what should be the starting point. There was now a ? great difficulty- in getting iron. He thought a road .would .be better. It would; not cost much, aud might afterwards be turned into a railway. Were the lino to cost no more than the Modnta ' .line; he should . not object. The earthwork's were promised to be 6 feet high on the;line; but good authorities had' shown this expense to be unnecessary.- A drain-would be sufficient, and the road could be raised 2 feet. Mr. Carr, who .when Commissioner of Public Works introduced th^Billj'.iBade some-rather, v exaggerated ? statements,. unintentionally .no doubt. He used the statements .of the Sur veyor-General,- which'; had the' appearance of being cooked. He quoted from "Hansard" a passage from the speech of Mr. Carr in intro ducing the.Bill .on September 14, .1871, which . said that within 15 miles of - Narracoorte were 127,000 acres of purchased land, suitable for agriculture;. and in the areas aboutthere 61,042 acres of selected land, and 115,000 acres good land then open.for selettion. Had the hon. member, visited that' part -of the country he would never have made use. of, or been guided by .such-Etatemeuts... It ;was stated there would be-this year 180,000 bushels for export from that district, but Mr. Boothby's statistics showed between 40,000 and 50,000 bushels./ The land under cultivation last year was about 4; 000 acres, and this year , would be over 8,000 acres, or double what it was last year, but7 he feared the yield would not be'so large. "At 10 bushels an acre-that would be 80,000 bushels. Deduct 25,000 for local export, and then sufficient for .seed, and they .would only have between-40,000 find 50,000 bushels for export-not a great" .quantity to justily'the railway. Mn. Singleton ,£ad been accused of leaking a false report, but that report showed his information from the -farmers themselvesr He should like to know if the Government, had, obtained fnrtbpr reports froinMr., Singleton. . . The Commissioner of Crown Lands had not. Mr.. Biddoch had. ho doubt Mr» Singleton wouM supply full information, and support hia assertions; "When he (Mr. Biddoch) was in.the district, a few weeks ago, he saw th&t; even then .the Water was doing damage. With'reference to Victorian traffic^ he thought he could: conclu sively Show there was not much chance of'-Vic . torian traffic finding its way into this colony. The hon. member Mr. Carr, however, seemed to \yje thought differently, and said in his speech fvJP ^"sh he had already" quoted that he had no oPTjbt that the neighbouring colony would do' all it could to prevent, the traffic finding its way fromthe Victorian side into South Australia; but togy _could not prevent .it-^-it.must* come. . Now the cartage , in the South-East was Is. per ton per mile, or £3 to the Border.; Then the freight on wool home from Hobson's Bay was a a Poun^ cheaper than from Port Adelaide; and that was about £2 " 16s. a ton increased freight from" Australia to "England. They might trust the Victorians to take car$ of then: own traffic,' and it was not for them to endeavour to become carriers for Victorians. He would-not say anything about the quality of , land at TatJara, though h© had his .own when the former Commissioner of - xublic W^rks said theTatiara traffic would go to .Lacepede Bay, it rqally seemed that he aid riot Jniow what he' was talking about. That would oe sending some of the traffic 100 miles to a port ^hen they could reach another port in 44 miles; Vther places required' means of transport, and he _scarcdy thought the; countfy in its present state could afford expensive tramways to all those places; He considered they should endea-" Tour as far. as they _ could to attach the South Eastto the eastern districts of.the colony.. That could not be done by a railway from Lacepede Bay to Namcoorte. He should like to see a me running north and south. He should sup port a-cheaper" scheme should his motion be carried, and the Actrepealed. .. - < Mr. Carr said Mr.: Eiddoch's arguments were faint and feeble repetitions of last session. They Were ghosts of 'arguments, reminding them 0f Banquo's,- wliich led to rMacbeth's complaining tliatthough i - <? >' , ... .: "The times have beeit That, when the brains were out, the man would - ' die, ? . ?...- :r ":' .."i.v*: And there an:end :; but now theyriseagain, "With twenty mortal murders on their crowns, And push us from our stools. V . , . ., . Mr. Riddoch said there were doubts as to the 3 feet 6-inch gauge. He (Mr. Carr) believed those who,had supported the 3-feet 6-inch gauge'were still . of the same opinion, and that opinion was amply, justified by their experience of the Port Wakefield line. They were told about the rise in iron, but was the rise in iron,.with the com paratively slight increase of cost of the line, a reason why they should repeal the Bill ? The hon. member in talking about a road was simply delaying the scheme. (No, and. hear, hear.) As for earthworks, would they not have to be on an extensive scale for a road ? and though not so deep as for arailway, would have to be consider ably wider. The hon. member spoke of cutting a drain and making the road with the earth from it; but if he thought a road could be made in that way, it seemed as if he could know nothing about roads.. He spoke about cheap roads, but strange, to say the Mount Gambier Road Board never did mnfrp a cheap road. The line was not simply-.for a few farmers about.Narracoorte, but for a highway to Victoria also. (Oh, and hear, hear.) Did the hon. member think the Gov eminent meant to chiarge Is. per ton per mile on the Jine.?o Of .course, the Government would charge the ordinary rate of 3d. It was useless to' settle those questions again and again, for if they did their labors would never end. The Treasurer: would not be able to support the motion of the-hon. member. He'did not profess to' havie m'uchpersonal knowledge of the South-East, though he carefully read reports and accounts of it; but the House,;after full dis cussion, had passed an Act for the railway, and he could not support a motion for repealing it. Hei would have, supported a motion for . amending rthe~Act, reserving foTiimselfthei right to deal with the amendment. Mr. Conner was induced to say a few words upon the subject, not only because he took an interest in it, but also because of the observations of the mover of the motioii who had openly taunted him with getting up at Narracoorte and stating what was not true.! It ,was unnecessary to con tradict this, and he would not trouble the House with answeringr the arguments of the other representative - of the district. He confessed he had not thought that any'member of tbat House was so far behind the age as to. advocate a metal Toad between Narracoorte and Lacepede Bay. He would not go into that question,'but lie would refer to the next .question touched upon, inasmuch as it was a senous one, : and he intended taking action upon it. - That was the petition; and he intended to fprove tbat-.the report furnished by Mr. Singleton was false from. beginning *, to end. He held returns from farmers, showing the number of acres_ under crop, the number damaged^ and other particulars;. It appeared froih "these .that there were 8,449. acres under crop, and that on,162 only the wheat was either damaged or lost; In Mr. Singleton's report, ' however,' itwasstated that one farmer had lost 240 acres, and that man1 told him (Mr. Conner) that he had -not got-one single acre damaged.- He then quoted from letters sent him by Mr. T. Hinckley and others riesident at Narracoorte, who joined in condemning Mr. Singleton's report,- which they agreed was a most monstrous: rdocument. He had several letters-some from the members of the; Farmers' Club. (Mr. Derrington-''How many, are there in the Club P")' 'jle" was surprised that the hon. member did not know the number of farmers in the Club in his own district. There was. one paragraph in one of these ? letters which, at the previous delate, he had refrained from reading' out of courtesy to the members for the district, but as he had not been spared in the matter of taunts hewould read it. , Mr.. Thomas Agar, writing on behalf of : the Farmers' Club} requested him (Mr.. Conner) to present their petition, as he wrote-We have no representative of our own." (Oh, and. hear, hear.) . ' . i Mr. Derrington said ho would refer" to the. fact of the increasedcost of the material, and he asked should not the . motion, be considered favorably on this ground:alone? He .thought his colleague had good reason for bringing this question forward,--inasmuch' as the-Bill which: had been..passed,.would not meet the.require ments of the case, .and must be amended; and before an;amendment. could be made there must, be a repeal./'('?Not Necessarily.") It. had_ been said that it Was an extraordinary thing that the members for the SbuthrEast should be found' arguing against their- own district-that they, should take what was offered them and what tKey could get and bo ,thankful; but he claimed a .dlfferent mode'of procedure for the members for the district* believing that it was their duty to look-to the future as well as the present, and to study the'general welfare of the colony. ? He was surprised at finding that membiers supported this line who hadnot seen and knew nothing of the country. They, had not had tho advantage of seeing the district, and being popularised by members of the Fanners' Club as Mr. Conner had been; neither ha d they the advantage of hair ing changed their views as that member had. (Jlr. Conner-" No.") . It had been proved that the hon. member had enunciated conflicting opinions. Mr. Carr had also said something about a canal and the necessity for tunnelling. If the hon." member knew anything about the country lie was sure he would not commit himself to that statement. He also, ventured to attack the Mount .Gambier Road Board, and stated that they never made cheap roads,- , but he (Mr. Der rington) would ? stand up for' them... They had not only constructed cheap roads, but they had constructed some of the best roads in the colony "; and he was perfectly aware that the contractor's work was taken as cheaply there as it could be taken. The hon. member further condemned, and ridiculed a line via Penola and Rivoli Bay; In answer to that, he would say that the country round Penola and Rivoli Bay was a very She country, and there would speedily have to be some means of communication through it. The hon. member also said that the proposed liner would'meet the wants of all.. He denied this,r and pointed out that the hon. member had very, possibly been misled with regard to the feelings of the settlers upon the subject. There had also been a changeof feeling on the part of the House on this subject. - He would not say that; the House had; been ?" got- at," but he would say that pressnre had been brought to bear upon it at "a particular moment. Mr; Conner spoke of his (Mr. Derrington's) not knowing the num bers of members'of the Farmers' Club.:He be lieved he knew the number, and for the satisfac tion of. the hon. member he would tell him the Club consisted, of three or four persons. Mr. Carr had tried-to demolish the arguments of his (Mr. Derrington's) colleague, and had spoken very -warmly upon,,the subject-bo warmly that prose was hot sufficient for him, and he fell into -poetry. ' (Laughter.) He thought, however, if the hon. member would look at the estimate of this work again, he would see that the cost of the rails alone "was set down at £85,694. _ It was admitted 'that iron had risen 60 or 70 per cent./and yettlie hon. member said the increase would only be £5,000 or £6,000. He thought the hon. member would see that there would be at least a difference of £30,000, comprfied with the price ' twelve months ago. Supposing no extra cost were involved, he would ask the hon. member if he supposed-looking at the disturbed state of the labour market at home-that the work would be done within a reasonable period. At the dinner given to Mr. Conner as champion of the district there were six farmers, and six at the subsequent meeting to oppose Mr. Single ton's report. A Farmers' Club consisting-of three, or four persons was hardly a sufficient ?guarantee of puMic opinion for the hon. niember to;come there and make the" statements he had made. Returning to the main question, he affirmed that the whole progress of legislation was in favor of cheap tramways, and he believed it Would be better to mako this line without the rails,'and that such a course would have the concurrence and support of the fanners in the neighbourhood.. He would point out that the drainage of the storm waters of the South-East, as hodTbeen suggested, would materially lessen the cost of .the earthworks; aud the ballast, being at hand, the expenditure ,would be much reduced. ' ' Mr. West?-Erskine s£ud he should oppose the motion, aridhe considered the Government were deserving of the'thanks of the country generally, and the South-Eastern District particularly, for the stand they had made on the question. Mr. Krichauff said he wished to read a letter hp had recently received, touching this subject. It was as follows Memo.-Who will decide when1 doctors: disagree J1 - Does the House of Assembly as a whole, or does any considerable portion of the members, have anything liktf a correct idea of what that portion of the South East referred to really is? They do not< A line Jrdm King's Camp to Morambro is the utmost the House is justified iu sanctioning that;would be better left for some year's. The laud iu the vicinity of King's Cainp is free from -coast disease. At Kingston goats, pip, and poultry die. Will the House, in the face of Howard's report, agree to make Port Carolina the terminus, at the seaboard ? Singleton's re port is, whatever may be said to the contrary, substantially correct." (Great laughter.) ("Who wrote the letterP") Mr. W. Lyon, of East Wellington. (Oh.) He was an elector in the district affected by'the question. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He (Mr. Krichauff) ac knowledged when he read Mr. Singleton's report that it was taken at a 'wrong time of the year.. He thought the Bill should be repealed, and should vote for the motion, believing that at least £220,000 would be required to carry out the line at the present time. . ... The motion was then put and negatived. The adjourned debate, on Mr. Townsend's motion for the appointment of * a Committee, to examine into and report upon the manner' of presenting Bills for the Governor's assent, and to define what are money Bills, and with power to confer with any Committee the' 'Legislative Council might appoint ? on the same subject, was: adjourned till, the folh^wing Wednesday. The debate1, on to. Krichauff's motion, for a Select .'Committee'to enquire into the laws relating ^to intestacy, real property; and tes tamentary causes was adjourned till Wednesday. Mr. Watts's 'motion' that the channel at Port Pirie-be deepened was carried j' also an address for £300 to repair a road from Gulnaire to Port Pine.'. Areturn of the correspondence relating to Captain Sweet's claims against the Govern ment for semces in the Northern .Territory , was ordered. On the motion of the Hon. A. Blyth* an address was carried for £1,500 for paying a proportion of the cost of providing an Australian Annexe. at' "the South. Kensington Exhibition. Mr.: Mortlock's motion for a:vote of: £800, to subsidiso private subscriptions in aid of an Institute at Port Augusta, was carried. The House then adjourned till Tuesday. 