THE PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of Presbytery was held in the class-room of Flinders-street Church on Tuesday, 7th May, and was duly constituted. The Rev. A. Law, of Mount Barker, conducting devotional services. Present, with the Mode rator :—Ministers—Robert Hawing, James Gor do?, James Lyall, William Davidbon, John Maobean, James Roddick, James Henderson (Clerk), John Davidson, and Peter ftlaclaren. Elders—Messrs. Brown, Craigie, Ogilvie, Ro bertson, Lyoa, and Login. The former minutes were read and confirmed. Apology for absence was received from Mr. Duncan, Wallatoo. Commissions were received from Mount Barker, Flinders-street, Adelaide, Mount Pleasant, Chalmers Church, Adelaide, and Wallaroo, respectively appointing represen tative Blders to attend meetings of Presbytery daring the ensuing year. The roll of Presbytery having been made up, the Moderator rose and intimated that the period had arrived when, according to the usages of the Church, he must vacate the chair, and make way for his successor. He would, with permission, address a few words before re tiring.' At the close of his address, lie Law an nounced that it only remained to him to nominate his successor, and he ha4, there fore, much pleasure in calling upon the ltrv. James Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, to come forward and occupy the Moderator's chair. Mr. BODDICE accordingly came forward, and amid the congratulations of his brethren assumed the Moderatorship of Presbytery. He thanked the -Court for the honor it had conferred upon him, and, relying upon the forbearance of his brethren, he would endeavor to discharge the duties of the chair to tho best of his ability. Mr. Macbe&N; moved—"That the thanks of Presbytery be tendered to Mr. Law for the suitable address just delivered." This being seconded, was cordially agreed to, and the thanks of Presbytery conveyed through the chair to Mr. Lav. Mr. Ltall called attention to the circum stance that since last meeting the father of the Presbytery, the Rev. Balph Drummond, had been remove? by death. After remark, it was agreed to record «is follows: -"The Presbytery having had its attention called to the decease of the?ev.RalphDrummondjthefirstPresbyterian minister who came to this colony, agree to put on record a cordial expression of regard for his memory. By his holy life, faithful, earnest preaching, and untiring active labors, he did (rood service to the erase of Christ in the early day? of the colony. Firm and uncompromising in his convictions of duty, he was nevertheless esteemed by all who knew him far his genial disposition and catholic spirit. He manifested a deep interest in the uniting of the different branches of the Presbyterian Church in the colony, aed continued to manifest that interest in the welfare and prosperity of the United Church till the time of his death. The Presby tery also express their sincere sympathy for his bereaved widow and family." : Dr. Davidson gare notice tint at a later stage of the proceedings he would move that certain modification bs made in the formula, more especially in relation to the ordination of Elders, Mr. Haining reported that, as in structed, he had officiated at Clare, and after wards met with the congregation, and called attention to the necessity of making earnest preparation for having the minister they had chosen located among them. In regard to Ettrick, Mr. Davidson reported that he had not been able to visit Ettrick siece last meeting of Presbytery, and asked to be relieved from the supervision of this preaching station. It was agreed to accede to the request, and to postpone arrangements in regard to Ettriok till a subsequent stage of proceedings. Mr. Lyall reported that the ordinance of the Lord's Supper had been dispensed at Golden Grove once since last meeting of Presbytery. Beport received. Mr. Macbban stated that in consequence of indisposition he was precluded from attending the Committee appointed by Presbytery to mef.t a Committee of the Free Church, mutually to consider the question of union between the two sections of the Presbyterian Church. He would call upon Mr. Henderson to report the proceedings of the meeting, which he understood had been held by the Commit tees specified. Mr. Hbfdbeson reported—"The Standing Committee appointed at last meeting of Pres bytery to meet with any Committee which may be appointed by the Free Presbyterian Church of South Australia or any other religioas body, held a meeting with a Committee of the Free Church of South Australia, in ths vestry of Flinders-street Church on Monday, 6th instant, at 11 o'clock. Present—Bevs. Messrs. J. and G. Benny and. J. Sinclair, of the Free Church; and* Bevs. Messrs. Haining, Davidson, and Henderson of the Presbyterian of South Aus tralia, The Convener (Mr. Macbean) through indisposition was prevented from being present. Mr. HAIRING was called to preside, Mr. HKHDEBSOIT, at the request of the Chairman, having opened the meeting with prayer, suggested that one be appointed to take notes of the proceedings, whereupon Mr. Benny ■poke, stating that before proceeding farther he would call attention to what he considered a bar to the contemplated union, and a "bar" to further negotiations in the matter. The vie is of his Committee were embodied in a note, which he had drawn up, and which, with per mission, he would read. He then read the following note:— At the outset of conference, the Com mittee of the Free Presbyterian Church represent to the Committee of the Presby terian Church .that there exists a bar to union in the present formulas of the two Churches. The basis of union of the Presbyterian Church sets forth in Article in.—"That the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, are the subordinate standards of this Church; but that in adopting these standards this Church is not to be held as approving of anything in them which may be supposed to countenance persecuting or in tolerant principles, or to deny or invade the rightof private judgment," The Committee of the Free Presbyterian Church would have liked to be able to interpret this qualifying clause as a denial of the construction put upon the 23rd chapter of the Confession by some outside the Presbyterian Church in regard to the power of the Civil Magistrate about religion. But they are precluded from doing this by finding that the Presbyterian. Church itself has since adopted a formula for Ministers and Blders at Ordination, which contains, amongst others, this question—" Do you acknowledge the West minster Confession of Faith, and the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, as an exhibition of the sense in which you understand the Holy Scriptures; it being understood that you are not required to approve of anything in these documents, which teaches, or is supposed to teach, compulsory or persecuting and intole rant principles in religion ?—a clause greatly in excess of the other, an t one that, in the opinion of the Free Presbyterian Committee, not only qualifies out of the Confession the doctrine already alluded to, but is capable of being ex tended to other doctrines contained in it On the other hand, the ministers, and other office-bearers of the Free Presbyterian Church, have subscribed a formula, and taken ordina tion vows binding them to " sincerely own and believe the whole doctrine of the Confession of Faith," " to be the confession of their faith, be lieving it to be in accordance with the Word of God;" and they do not regard the Confession of Faith, or any portion of it, when fairly inter preted, as favoring intolerance or persecution, or consider that by sutMaribicg it they profess any principles inconsistent with liberty of con science and the right of private judgment. Is. name of the Committee of the Free Pres byterian Church, Jakes Benny, Convener. Mr. Benny directed attention to the basis of union contemplated by negotiating Churches in Canada, and intimated his readiness to accept of that basis in preference to the basis held by the Presbyterian Church of South Australia. After a few minutes' reasoning and «*Tpl«mtt. tions, it was apparent to your Committee that in order to have even a basts of negotiation it was necessary to contemplate a modification in yoaz present basis of union; and as this was an alternative which your Committee felt they were not at liberty to canvass, the proceedings terminated in limine. Mr. Davidson closed with prayer. It was moved, seconded, and unanimously agreed—"That Presbytery, having heard the report of Committee on Union, approve of their conduct, and express regret that from the position taken by the Free Presbyterian Church, union with that body is in the maan time impracticable." Mr. Davidson (Chalmers Church) submitted a report in regard to the aged and infirm mi nisters' scheme. The printed schedule was subjected to a careful review, and certain emendations made. The scheme, as modified, was recommitted, and it was suggested that Mr. Henderson and the Hon. A. B. Murray be added to the Committee. Mr. Davidson re ported that the prospects of the scheme were now very encouraging, several friends of the denomination having come forward handsomely with liberal and generous offers of pecuniary support. The report was received with ex pressions of satisfaction, and it was agreed that an annual collection be taken throughout the Churches on behalf of the scheme; and it was' suggested that the first Sabbath in January might be found a suitable day for making this united effort. The Tbeasureb of Presbytery submitted his annual report, from which it appeared that the Presbytery Fund was somewhat in anear, and attention was directed to the necessity of devising means to place a f and so essential to the efficient working out the schemes of Presby tery on a more satisfactory footing. After reasoning, it was agreed to re-elect the Treasurer, and that the congregations within the bounds be urged to return to the regularity and liberality which formerly evinced their interest in this fond. It was. agreed that a collection be taken from all the congregations on the same day, viz., the second Sabbath of October, and that ministers be asked to explain to their re spective congregations the objects, and plead the claims of the fund. The annual report of the New Hebrides Mission was submitted by Mr. LyalL, and com mended to the liberality and prayers of the Church. Two of the theological students (Messrs. McEwin and Mitchell) appeared, and were sub jected to a protracted and searching examina tion in Latin and Greek classics, logic, mental philosophy, theology, and Chvrch history. Tho examiners declared themselves highly satisfied with the attainments and diligenoe of these students, and Presbytery cordially sustained those exercises as part of trial exercises for licence. Mr. Ltall called attention to the circum stance that a member of Presbytery (David Murray, Esq.) had departed on a visit to Britain, and he (Mr. Lyall) suggested that a commission be forwarded to him to represent Presbytery at the meetings of the Churches at home. The suggestion was adopted, and the Clerk instructed accordingly. Reference having been made to the fact that two Congregational ministers had accepted the invitation to take part in the public meeting of the evening, it was suggested that a deputation of Presbytery be appointed to appear at the meeting of the Congregational Union, to give expression of Christian regard and paternal salutation, and that the deputation consist of Messrs. Lyall and Davidson. In accordance with notice previously given, Mr. Davidson called attention to the formula a present used in the ordin&tion; of Elders, and suggested ceitain modifications. After much discussion the motion was withdrawn, on the understanding that the matter be more fully considered at next meeting of Presbytery. The hour appointed for the publio meeting having arrived, it was agreed to adjourn, to reramn at the close. At the close of the public meeting Presbytery resumed, and proceeded to hear and review dis courses by Messis. McEwin and Mitchell as trial exercises for licence as preachers in con nection with the Presbyterian Church. After a full and deliberate consideration, it was agreed that the exercises in cumulo be sus tained, and that the Moderator proceed to put the questions in the formula and licence the students according to the forms and usages of tbe Church. Accordingly, after sole-Tin prayer, the Mode rator did declare Mr. Mitchell a licentiate of the Presbyterian Church; and inasmuch as a call lies on the -Presbytery table addressed to Mr. Blitchell from OJare, it was moved, seconded, and agreed that the call be sustained and placed in his hondi Mr. Mitchell de clared his acceptance of the call, and trial dis courses for ordination appointed him. The Evening. A public meetinj was held in the evening at the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church. There was a fair attendance, and tho Moderator (Rev. James Roddick) presided, and, after devotional exercises, made a few remarks relative to the purposes for which the Presbyterian Church were called annually together. He rojoicei in Beeingpresent representatives of other Churohes, I and said he looked upon the growing unity of their Christian Churches as a most favorable amjury of what might result in the future. j CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSIOX. The annual meetings of the above Union were commenced on Wednesday evening. May 15. There w*b a large attendance, and the Chair man (Bev. C. Manthorpe) presided. After de votional exercises, the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe formally resigned the chair in favor of his suc cessor, the Rev. F. W. Cox. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded Mr. Manthorpe for j the year's services, and this having been acknow ledged by him, the Rev. Mr. Cox delivered the Chairman's address. I REPORT. The Rev. E. Griffiths read the annual report, asunder:— Meetings.—The monthly meetings of the Committee during the year now expiring have been duly held, and the attendance almost without exception good, averaging nearly 17. Once only did it fall below 16. The number of meetings held, including two specially e tiled, is 15\. To expedite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub-Committees, whose meetings have also been well attended. (Assisted Churches.—The first important duty that fell to the new Committee to dis charge was the consideration of the claims of oar weaker Churches to pecuniary assistance. Out of the estimated income of the Union the following grants were made for the year which closed March 31 :— Milang, £75. —This sum was voted in con sideration of the failure of the crops in the district, and because of the recent settlement of Kev. T. Davies, as pastor ; on the understanding, however, that the sum of £25 should be deducted from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church the next year.* Besides the above grant from the ordinary funds of the Mission, the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few membjrs of Committee, on behalf of Bev. C. D. Watt, late of Milang, now through age and infirmity retired from the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services—Milang, 90; Point Start, 45\. The amount raised for all purposes— Milang, £107 18i 10d.; Point Scurt, £25. Early in the year 1871, the 17 communicants were formally constituted a Church, to which 19 members were subsequently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-sohool, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vola.; a Bible class with an average attendance of 16; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. Happy Vallby, £40.-Rev. O. Had reports the financial condition of the Churoh, as com pared with the year before, " a little better," and spiritually " much more encouraging." Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Churoh members, 39; a "prosperous" Sabbath school, with ?0 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7£d. " The Church is far from being able at present to maintain, its minister, on account of its poverty." Port Victor, Encounter Bat, and Bald Hills, £75. —These Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who reports that the Church at Port Yiotor has "suffered through removals and depression in trade;" that the Church at Encounter Bay is " about the same;" and that Bald mils Church has " declined very much through loss of crops and removals." The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13, 9,12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 20 and 3, 39 and 5. Amounts raised during A* year—Port Victor, £6118s. 4Jd. ; Encounter Bay, £18 Os. 6d.; Bald Hills (including £6 9s. from the Sabbath- school), £26 19s. Mr. Hodge adds, "we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs are mach more pressing than they were last year." Kadina, £30.—The average attendance on Lord's Day is—at Eadina, 125; at Green's Plains, 40; Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the -Church, as compared with the previous year, "slightly improved in almosteveryrespect. The Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has bow become self-sostaw. ing. Mr. Hall, finance secretary, writes, " I am requested by the pastor and members of the Kadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to in form you that at the expiration of the present grant they will not require any further aid." Goolwa, £25.—This Church, under the pas torate of Bev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60; the members number 20; the Sabbath school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighborhood, "the number attending public worship is increasing." HIGH-STBBET, KENSINGTON.—In addition to the above grants, voted early in the fin«mi*l year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church, Bev. W. Nicholls reports that during the nine preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school hai 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9; and that the congre gation has doubled. Assistance at the present time, from the fund of the Union, is solicited, and the hope expresssdlthat it will not be long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will " cheerfully" do so Alma Plains.—An application for a grant of £59 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial services, is about to secure a settled pastor. Houghton.—This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission, t Mr. McEwin reports an improve * After a service of fifteen months, having resolved to resign the pastorate and return to England, and fearing the Church might suffer ia consequence of the condition which he under stood to be attached to a portion of the above grant, Mr. Davies offered to refund to the Union the said sum of £25; the Committee declined to consider his offer, and decided not to insist on any cueh condition. t SHpUy will now probably be again taken up by the Home Mission, Rev. E. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastoral ment in the attendance, which now averages about 25. A weekly Bible Class of " from Bto 10 lids" is held; also a Sabbath school of 70 scholars and 9 teachers. It ia in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is "on the whole much better" than it was last year. The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay—the only spot in the South- Eost where Independency has established a footing—offered a field of labor that over-reached the powers of any ono man, and that if the Society could send out a quali fied young man to co-operate with the Rev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards his sup* port, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Com mittee for believing that the request would meet with the favorable consideration of the Society. No reply baa been received beyond a formal acknowledgment of receipt of applica tion, in which, however, the Secretary, Bev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, but that he would bring the matter before the executive of the Society at their earliest meeting. Precedency.—The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded to the Governor. It issued in a correspondence be tween His Excellency and the Committee which was published in the daily papers, 25th May. Tito Committee then proposed to memorialise the Legislature on the subject, but the Bev. F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted with representatives of other denominations, it was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct ef this business, which finally vanished from the Committee, 12th September. Ministerial Training.—The Committee resolved, June 13tb, that it was desirable " to encourage and assist a few suitable young mem, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves for the Christian ministry;" and that to secure this end it was further desirable to obtain if possible tbe co-operation of other denominations ; and that the Baptists and Presbyterian bodies should bs invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. Favorable replies having been recsived, delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared a few recom mendations, which were accepted by the Bap tist Association, the Presbytery, and, at the half- yearly meeting, our own Union. A Council composed of six representatives of each of these three bodies was foimed, and the result has been made public in the prospectus of "jUnion College." Ministers' Provident Pusn.—The subject of m*l""g provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of the pastorate, wms brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations tere then cr3atod that some influential member of Committee would prepare and take charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting* After repeated delays and disap pointments, it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Fund of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis for the conside ration of the question; and as Rev. J. C. McMichael, of Gawler, had till recently re sided in Victoria, he was requested to introduce thit scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly consented. A general discussion at that meeting w.as followed by tho appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Mesua. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, McMichael, Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present meeting. KuLE3 or the Union.—The attention of the Committee was early called to the desirability of amending the By-laws, so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more care fully the method of conducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of-Officers and Committee for ejection at the annual meetings, &c; A list of reriaad By- laws was in course of consideration, when—the inadequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed and acknowledged—it was withdrawn in favor of a mere comprehensive list of Rules, in which the most important elements of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised Rules have for some time been in the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. Half-yearly Meeting—This was held at Port Adelaide, October 26th. The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. Magazine.—The position of the South Aut- Iralian Independent, now under the editorial management of Rev. F. W. Cox, is, in a financial aspect, highly satisfactory. But the number of copies issued, about' 580, the Committee con siders might be easily enlarged, and they venture earnestly to hope thit this meeting will promote a much more extensive circulation of the Ma gazine among our congregations. Statistics. —The following figures are an abstract of the Returns of our Churches, for warded at the request of the Government:— Sittings. Average attendance. 1869\. 8,203 5,052 1872\. 7,911 4,750 Members. Sunday scholars. 1869\. L338 3,085 1872\. 1,571 3,103 The above are an approximate estimate only. Some Churches decline to furnish the desired particulars, and among the answers are some obvious errors. ' Review.—The Committee desire to express their gratitude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refage of our Churches; beneath whose eye, and resting on whose everlasting arms tut tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and his foun tain has been upon a land of corn and wine. " Bless, Lord, his substance, and aciept the work of his hands." It gives the Committee great joy to be able to utter their congratulations with Stow Memorial Church in that it has pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length another and well accredited pastor. Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B. A, arrived in Ade laide in March, received a hearty welcome, expected hard werk, and immediately plunged into his labors. The Committee, on the other hand, sincerely regret the departure from the province of Kev. T. Davies, and deeply sympa thise with the now bereaved Church at Milang, among whom during the past year bis ministry —a service of talented faithfulness—presented a pledge so full of hope. Hay God direct the steps of our brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be oscupied by him, and may Hie send another out, or raise an other here, to take his place. Rev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria. The Committee rejoice, however, in the ex pectation that he will before long return, and, permanently devote his valuable services to the Churches of South Australia. It has given much satisfaction to the Committee to learn that the Church at Alma Plains has invited Mr. J. A. Dowie, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, and that Mr. Dowie, whosa labors in that district before his departure from the colony have not been unblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing " the forward-1 ness of his mind," and that "it is good to be zealously affected always in a good tiling," the Committee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only that he may give full proof of his minister, but also that bis zeal may " provoke very many." The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstance arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden and peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray that to our Churches the coming year may not only be as free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant and abiding mercies. May it be a season in which every one of our Churches, from the least to the greatest, shall enter into a profounder rest, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessing* attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia, which are "not of this fold." The report was formally adopted, and the ! discussion upon it adjourned till next day, FINANCIAL REPORT. Mr. G. Scrtmgoub, before reading this report, referred regretfully to the absence of Mr. A. Gore, who otherwise would have read it. Mr. Gore, he said, was one who had dono the Church good service—(hear, hear) —but their regret at his departure was lessened by know ing that they had an able exponent of their principles where one was wanted—at the Northern Territory. The balance-sheet shewed a balance in hand from last year of £70 Os. 3d. ; subscriptions received during the year, £27210*. 7d.; total receipts, £342 10s. 10d. Expenditure —Grants to Churches, £225; other disburse ments,} £50 lls. 7d.; total, £305 lla. 74..; leaving a balance in hand of £3619i. 3d, The report was formally adopted, and the debate on it adjourned till next day. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T. Flojt read the mnpiTinn report, which was unique, as it showed no liabilities. The total assets were £60 18a. Id., including, however, a large amount due for ""fTmTinH delivered ; £25 voted at last half- yearly meet ing to the editors and publisher had been paid, as also all incidental expenses, so that, after two and a half years' experience, the publica tion of the magazine had been a success. A decrease in the circulation of the magazine was regretted, but it was hoped that the Churches would do all they could to promote its usefulness and circulation. CHUBOH BDILCQra FCSD KEPOET. Mr. C. Smedley in reading this report said there was an increase of £610s. 6i in the funds. The Churches aided were in a healthy condi tion, and no doubt would repay the moneys which had been granted them. He referred to the good done through the medium of this fund, and trusted it would receive increased assistance. Last year tile assets amounted to £1,636 2s. 10d., and this year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., and consisted of-loan, £1,492 4s. 3d., interest, £6175. 10d.; rent, £411% ; bank, £35 lLklOd. ; and cash, £3 Bs. sd. The report was adopted, and the discussion upon it adjourned till the following day. This concluded the day's businees. The Rev. E. GBD?FIrHS announced that the meetings would be continued on the following day by prayer, badness, tea, and public meet ings. The adjourned annual meetings of the above Union were held in Stow Church on Thurs day, May IG. At 9.30 o'clock, a prayer meeting was held, and at half- past 10, the ministers and delegates assembled for business. The Chairman of the Union, Eev. F. W. Cos, pre sided. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. John Gibson, the Secretary (Bev. E. Griffiths) apologised for the unavoidable absence of the Revs. W. Wilson (Wallaroo), S. L. Harris (ffindmarsh), and D. Milne (Lacepede Bay). There were present for the first time, two Hew members, who, he was sure, the Union heartily weloomed amongst them, viz , the Bev. Colmer B. Symes, 8.A., of Stow Church, and Mr. John A. Dowie, the pastor elect at Alma. These gen tlemen were duly proposed for admission as members, and cordially welcomed. BOIL OF MEMBEBS. The roll of ministers and delegates present was made up as follows:— Stow Memorial Church—Bev. Colmer B. Symes. 8.A., Messrs. G. Anderson, D. Eobin, W. Palmer, H. Dean, M. Goode, A. Adunson, A. Hay, W. T. Flint, J. Tasker, sen., and H. A. Crawford. North Adelaide—Bev. J Jefferis, Lt.B., Messrs. J. M. Anderson, A. Derate, J. Porter, W. Brace, R. Searle, G. PhUlipj, A, a Devanish, T. Frost, t Grose, J. T. Shawyer, T. Harris, and J. F. Conig-ftve. Hindmarah-sqnare—Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. C. Smedley, J. A. Charlier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, G. Scryingour, sen, G. Serymgonr, inn., J. M. Stacy, G. Miller, C. Scrymgoar, and W. D. AUott Glenelg—Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. Jas. Storrie, and F. Caterer. Port Adelaide—Bev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Sicken, Grosse, Michelmore, and Stone. ffindmarah—Messrs. J. Pickering, M.P., J. Mitton, J. Aston, J. Vardon. Kensington (High-street)—Bev. W. Nicholls, and Messrs. Packham and Cowman. Kensington (Clayton Chapel)—Bev. E. Griffiths. Messrs. A. Stow, and G. Wood. Gawler—Bev. J. O. McMiohieT, and Messrs. J. Davi*, J. Dawkins, B. E. Deland, J. Finch, W. Malcolm. Salisbury—Bev. J. B. Ferguson, and Mr. T. McOanley. Kapunda—Bev. M. Williams, 8.A., Messrs. D. Will, Small, and Cameron. Maclaron Tale—Rev. J. Howie, and Messrs. T. Colton and J. Brown. Truro—Rev. P. Barr. Wallaroo—Rev. J. Lloyd. Alma—Mr. J. A. Dowie. Happy Valley—Rev. C. Hall, and Mr. Klese. Fort Elliot and Goolwa—Kev. J. Hotoun. Milang and Point Start —Mr. B. F. Cameron and Mr. C. BlackwelL Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald Bills —Rev. C. Hodge, Messrs. G. S. Bead and R. Allen, Jan. I Ang&ston; and North Rhine—^ev. J. Gibson. Personal members—Kev. C. W. Evan, 8.A., Rev. W. Harcus, and Rev. HLCheetham. MAGAZINE REPORT. The Rev. C. Manthorpe moved—" That the ' report be adopted, and that all ministers and delegates use their best efforts to increase ths circulation of the magazine." Mr. J. M. Doms seconded. Mr. J. A. Chabtieb suggested, as the magazine had been financially a success, and as it was not one of the objects that it should be a source of pecuniary profit, that the magazine be enlarged. After a brief discussion as to the denrahlenessef enlarging the magazine, or incorporating another publication with it, the report was adopted. The Rev. J. Jeffeeis expressed an opinion that it wiuld be an ad vantage if there could be some joint action in the publication of the magazine between the Congregational and Presbyterian Churches. The Bev. J. Davidson observed that althongh it was not possible for him to speak with anything like authority, he should be glad to farther the view which had been advocated by the Rev. Mr. Jefferis. The Rev. Mr. Ltall would be very glad to do all in his power to enter into the arrangement, as sug gested, and would give' the matter his hearty support if it should be brought before Pres bytery by the Union representatives. Upon the motion of the Kev. J. Jefferis, it was resolved —"That it be an instruction to the Committee to take action with the view to co-operating with the Presbyterian Churches in reference to the publication of the magazine." FINANCIAL REPORT. Upon the motion of the Bev. Mr. Makthobpk, the financial report was adopted. CHAPEL BUILDING BOCffitT BEFORE. This report was adopted, and ordered to be printed with the proceedings of the Union, COHMTXTKK. The following gentlemen were appointed for the ensuing year :—Chairman for next annual meeting, Rev. E. Griffiths ; Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Secretaries, Rev. E. Griffiths and Mr. A, Stow, J.P.; Finance Secretary, Mr. G. Scrym gonr, jun.; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Andenonand S. Whitmore ; remainder of Committee. Revs. C. W. Evan, J. Jefferis, O. Manthorpe, H. Cheet ham, O. B. Symes, A. Scales, W. Nicholls, J. R. Ferguson, J. O. UfaMMmfl, and Messrs. A. A.damson, D. Robin, J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer, H. Dean, G. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie. W. T. Flint, T. Grose, W. NewbouM, G. Phillips, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer. C. Bmedler, Jas. Storrie, and J. M. Stacy. Upon the motion of Mr. J. Stoeeik, seconded by the Bev. C. W. Evan, it was resolted that irrespective of the election of the Committee, all ministers in connection with the Union be ex-officia members thereof. It was then resolved upon the motion of Mr. A. Hay, that a vote of thanks be accorded to Mr. W. C. Buik for his long service as financial Secretary, and to Mr. A. Gore for supplying Mr. Bulk's place upon his departure for England. UNION COLLEGK, The Rev. J. Jeffebis read the Union report as follows:— " The six delegates appointed by this Union at its last half-yearly m?ating, met those appointed respectively, by the Baptist Union and the Presbytery of South Australia. Ttm Council thus composed, after preliminary meetings, passed resolutions (which have been published ia the prospectus). In accordance with these resolution* an appeal hadbeen made, privately, to many of our lnJing r3is**ita In most cases a generous response has been given. The Council entertain no fears but that suffi cient means will be provided, partly by an en dowment fund, and partly by mil?mnpfar?i|q from Churches and individuals, to cany on the work bo auspiciously commenced. The most liberal donor (Captain Hughes) holds out hopes of giving, at no distant date, a sum sufficient for building and partial endowment. The Council have taken offices in Temple-Chambers, Carrie-street, suitable for temporary class rooms. In these, daring {he present session, the classes will meet. Classes for the study of English literature, and mental and moral philosophy ; of mathematics and natural science, and of the Greek Testament, have been already formed. It is "hoped that very shortly a cuts will be started, in addition to the others, for the study of the classics. . Ten or twelve students have already applied for admission, several of these being already en gaged in preaching." The?ev. C. B. Stubs moved —"Thatthls Union expresses its best wishes for the prosperity of the Union College." Carried. The Rev. C. Manthorpe seconded the motion. Mr. A. Hat suggested " That ft be a recommendation from this Union to the various Churches to contri bute to the College as often as practicable by subscriptions or collections," He pointed out that such an undertaking «m?VH not be carried on without funds. It was just what was wanted for young men who were desirous of following optheirstudies, and he trusted the College would receive the hearty support of the Churches. The Rev. O. W. Evan seconded Mr. Hay's sug gestion, ullnding to the desirableness of such a College being established, and pointing out that education of the highest order was necessary to ensure power in the ministry. He trusted that the College would largely prepare young men as students for the Ministry. The suggestion was carried. Mr. R. Searle was appointed to act in place of Mr. A. Stow (retired) on the College Council. UHIBTEBS' PROVIDENT FUND. The report of the Select Committee upon the Ministers' Provident Fond was given by the Rev. J. S. Ferguson, who stated that in sub mitting the basis of the scheme the Committee had been guided by schemes as laid down by the Victorian, English, Scottish, and Irish Con gregational Unions. The ChairmaH intimated that promises amounting to £145 had' been re ceived from Angaston in aid of the funds. After a brief discussion, in which several amendments were proposed, it was decided to refer the scheme to the General Committee to take action immediately and bring a matured plan before the next general meeting. THE BULES. The consideration of Mr. Stew's notice of motion—"That it is desirable to revise the rules of the Congregational Union and Home Mission," and, contingent on that being car ried—" That a revised list be new considered,'' was postponed till tile next general meeting. GRANTS TO CHURCHES. This matter was left with the Committee to deal with. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. She Bev. C. Mabthorpz said he understood the Union were to have welcomed a deputation from the Baptist Association. The Rev. Mr. Badger, be thought, was one, but being at Mount Gambler, he imagined he could not attend, and he supposed the other representa tion was unavoidably absent. He thought, however, it was desirable to keep op the prin- < ciple of sending representatives to these annual gatherings, and moved—"That the Bev4 C. B. Symes and EL Griffiths be a deputation, from the Unioa to express their fraternal regards and best wishes for the happiness and prosperity of the Baptist Association.'' The Bev. J. O. MoMichael seconded the motion, which was carried, and the proceedings then terminated. EvEHiNa Meetings. largely attended tea and public meetings were held at the Stow Church, in the evening. The LONBON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The ftTirninT meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary to the above Society was held in the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church on I Monday evening, April 29. There was but a meagre attendance, Mr. C. Smedley, J.P., presided. After the singing of a hymn, and prayer being offered by the Kev. E. Griffiths, The Chairman, in bis introductory remarks, said they were assembled to assist the great and noble objects contemplated by the London Missionary Society—a Society which had cast a halo over their native land. It might perhaps be doubted whether there was any other land than England which was so much distinguished for the greatness of its religious enterprise and missionary effort, and which had been the means of spreading the Gospel of good ti lings in so many heathen lands. He regretted the absence of the Eev. J. P. Sunderland (the agent of the Society) through illness, but he hoped that he would be soon restored to health, and that towards the end of the week he would be able to fulfil engagements in which it was antici pated he would take part. The Kev. Jas. Jeffebb then read the re port, as follows:— " There has been unwonted delay in the issue of this report, due to the postponement of our annual meetings. Your Committee were anti cipating a visit from the Kev. S. Macfarlane, who formerly represented this Auxiliary as their Missionary among the heathen. Bat on his recent return from New Guinea, whither he had gone to plant a new mission, it was needful for him to set out at once for Kriglimfl. Our regret at this is lessened by the present visit oT the Rev. J. P. Sunderland, the general agent of. the Parent Society for the Austndias, who has already commenced a . series of meetings throughout the province. In rightly sketching the labors of the past year we think not of ourselves te much as of the great Society with which we have the honor to be connected. If, as In past years, our interest is no* concentrated on thesmall Island of Lifu, in WesternPolynesia, we trust it is not less hearty and earnest, now that it expands itself npon the whole of tie vast work which is being done by our bretkren throughout the world. For more than 77 yean that work has proceeded without break or interruption. Terrible news have again and again conralsed Europe. Empires have fallen, dynasties have changed; there have been revo lutions of thought in social and religious life,, but still the London Missionary Society has held on its way. ' The same simple Gospel, the same divinely-appointed means for its propagation, in no sense altered from the day of its founding. These continue to be the power of God unto salvation. And yet since changes in national and social life bring with them new conditions of thought and an enlarged experience, all true workers are impelled by these to new methods of labor- It is matter of rejoicing that our Society has caught the progressiveqnrit of the age. 'Five years ago the Society needed a time of rest, of examination, of reconstruction.' That exam ination has been made, that raorganizition has: been completed; and on every side the plainest evidence has been given that under God's blessing the Society has secured and possesses health and vitality of no mean order. Well-established Churches in many of its missions, a rapidly growing native ministry, experienced mission aries, well-tried principles of evangelizitiou, plans shaped out by years of. effort—all these we have. And at this moment fields of useful ness are opening before us, which only new and greater exertions will enable us to occupy.' Your Committee 'may be allowed to express its conviction -that at no previous period in the listory of the parent Society have its resources been more judiciously expended, or its labors more effectively earned on. Under God we believe this to be cbifly due'to the wise administration of tie present Secretary, Dr. Mnilinn, who, liimqaif & missionary, has joined a ripened missionary experience with adminis trative talent of no common order. ,May Christ long continue him at his honorable post. Our work hasbenn carried on as heretofore in certain great centres of the world's population, and in the scattered islands which break the waves cf the Northern andSouthern Oceans. The number of English missionaries employed will afford some clue to the amount of labor expended on the various provinces of heathendom. In India there are 49,lnSouthAfrica 32, in the Sooth Seas 27, in Madagascar 23, in China 18, and in the West Indira 13. This gives a total of 162 European TnigairwftTipn. To thi? -must be added nearly 100 native ministers and pastors, some distinguished for their excellence, and 1,100 other evangelists, catechists, and preachers. To tie training of a native ministry great attention is being paid. It gives the only solution to diffioultiei connected with cli mate, which without it are insuperable. And the Christian Church has learnt the lesson, though it has been lone; in learning it, that if the Gospel is to make ita way among mankind, the -various races of men must be entrusted with its proclamation. Our. na tional sympathies as rtngitshrpfrn naturally lead as to attach great importance to our Indian Mission, but the Directors of the Society are not able to speak of muoh progress in the way of individualcenversiona. The caste of Brahminism and the terrible fanaticism of the followers of Mahomet still present mighty barriers to the progress of Christianity. But impartial obser vers outside the circle of Christian workers declare that a great change is being wrought in the national beliefs. The power of the priest hood is declining. A large number of Hindoo youths trained in British schools have thrown off the absurd and revolting restraints of idolatry. Christian teachers are listened to with more respect. We have no right to expect results .at varianca with God's usual method of procedure, but we are able to rest firmly in the belief that the Gospel is surely, if slowly, winning its way among the millions of India, Nor can' we portray our Chinese Mission in bright and vivid tints of coloring. The con dition ef that huge and overgrown empire is most unsatisfactory. Politically and socially it is corrupted to the very core. The recent Tae ping revolution has devastated some of its fairest provinces, and millions have died by war and famine. A fierce assault has been made by the Government upon Christian mis sions. The massacre at Tientsin, ascribed by many to a popular outbreak, is now clearly traced to the unsorupulQus efforts cf the Mandarins and the literary class," who wbtb jealous «f the growing inflnim^ of our teachers, the future of that teeming Empire is a sad one to think of. Hitherto Christianity has not been able greatly to influence it for good, Yet we have Churches firmly established; we have had converts who have laid down their lives for the Gospel; we have a Christian literature cir culating; its books by tens of thousands.- Cor hope is in God and in the Word of His truth. Madagascar still presents tha brightest page in tie history of modem missions. Our work is 4*fniflnliil«.tiiig and extending* A Quarter of a million converts, .five thousand scholars in ISO schools,' a printing press in full activity, Ja College in whieh 50 students are being in structed for ministerial work—all this speak* well for real progress. . The reigning Queen mi crowned some years since beneath a canopy, on which was inscribed, 'On earth peace, good will tojnen.' We are not, therefore, mnch surprised that she should identify herself thoroughly with Christian work, not as a Queen —for religion is free from State control—but as a true-hmrted friend, At the' commencement of tie last session of the College a meeting was held in the new Palace at Antananarivo. The Prime Minister took the chair, and delivered a stirring addrass to the students. At its dose the Quean herself said a few words, -thoufci?^ the mia sio?aries for the good they were doing to her people, and urging the young men to make the best use of their advantages. In Southern Africa much-progress has been made. Chiefs in the interior, far away from the white settle ments, are applying for ™??«i«>nari n ? for their people, Polynesia presents many new illustra tions of the power of the Gospel, in spite of the blighting influence exerted by the slave traffic carried on in the t«lftn^g. The murder of Bishop Patteson, attributable solely to a not unnatural revenge for atrocities committed by the slavers, has excited a thrill of indigna tion throughout the Empire. Your Committee rejoices that the British Government has de termined to put down -this traffic in human lives. It i? denounced as piratical, and all who engage in it will be liable to be dealt with as pirates. This mission to New Guinea is among the most important efforts made during the past year for the extension of Christianity. Six years ago your Secretary urged upon the £ev. S. Maefarlane, then our missionary at Lifu, the claims of this great island, one of the largest in the world. Already the thought and desire had been at work in his own mind, Simoethen he has labored steadily towards the accomplish ment of the object. The many difficulties buc cumbedto his energy and real, and in July of last year Mr. Maefarlane, in company with Mr. Murray, one of the oldest missioaaries in the South Seas, visited New Guinea. They had a favorable reception from the islanders, "There was perfect confidence. The men crowded around us to have their curiosity gratified, and the woman peered at us from the upper storeys of their houses." Oar ideas of the in habitants of the rut archipelago to tie north of Australia, are mainly borrowed from our knowledge of the degraded Australian races. But these are very false. Some of the houses made by tie people of New Guinea are 300 feet in length. The t?iii«KitMit? are a mild inoffen sive looking race, and industrious too, if we may judge from the abundance of food they seem to possess. Native teachers from Samoa have been placed on Warrior Island and tho Islands of Xauan and Saihai, very near the mainland, the people of which are connected by marriage «nd trade with the Papuan races of New Guinea. This mission is not without sprcul significance for us. Hew Guinea is separated from North Australia by no wider interval than Torres Straits, Our vessels passing to tie Northern Territory proceed almost within sight of it The land is said to be rich and fertile. There are mountains that rise almost to the height of Mont Blanc, in the European Alps, and these j are «onfidently believed to be rich in gold-bear ing strata. Not many months since an expedi- j tion was fitted out in Sydney to explore this unknown land, which, as we sadly renember, was wrecked somewhere off the coast with a terrible loss of life. There can be no doubt whatever that this great island, with a southern coast line of nearly 2,000 miles stretching imme diately opposite Northern Australia, cannot bat exercise* an important influence upon our settlements there. The pioneers of the Gospel have taken possession of it in the nune of Christ. More than a million of idolaters are waiting to hear of Him. May they be speedily gathered around His cross. 1' Mr. D. BOBIK (Financial Secretary), read the statement of receipts and expenditure. The total receipts were £119 16s. lid,, which in cluded a balance from last year of £15 3s. 3d, ; Sunday-school contributions, £257 14s. Id. ; flo. from Churches, £89 7s. 7d. The expendi. tare amounted "to £870 18s. 61., which in cluded £293 remitted to Mr. Sunderland; paid to Aborigines' Friends' Assocu« turn, £30; Yorke's Peninsula Miiaon, £20. The balance in hand was £48 18s. Sd. He called attention to the differenoe between the Church and Sunday- school donations, as pioved by the fact that last year the fonaer contributed £159 ogainst £89 this year, whilst the Utter collected £148 last year against £257 this year. He thought the children deserved to be congratulated and encouraged, whilst he considered that the Churches should arouse to a sense of their doty to aid in supporting and Bustaiuing the missionary enterprise. 