CHAPTER II. TEMPTED AND SAVED " She couldn't ha run- away from me," thought _~Ulke,«n the Saturday of the same week that he and Alice had Ian spoken, together He bad neither seen her, nor heard of her sister's death, and was unable to account for her absence He would have called at the cottage to inquire j'lbofcwisely nidged his absence was of all things the most desirable \- VjBul I can watch for her to-morrow," he said to himself- " She never fails of going there " "There" meant the church on Livesey street und accordingly next morning found him dressed in his _4JmWhioh -consisted of light drab cnrdurojs, black TelTeteen coat, and a vest of a gorgeous crimson JfaJlkewiaeeported a rainbow- colored necktie and a Urge brass ring He did not rejoice in ibis display as a foolish fop would have done, but with an exuber ance of strength, .health, and good spirits revelled in anything cheerful and bright A ≠ looking lad of nineteen was Luke Peel XanctuAtra in every respect from his broad dialect to his heavy, braae-tipped clogs. He caught sight of Alice coming toward him in a black dress and bonnet, with pale and downcast , fire_._ ,T. "ZMf lass»" he exclaimed, coming near her, "how ^ÄoffstHhee ta a black dress <" , n* fiH*u,<Uad? answered Alice calmly, but with a -thtobbinehesrt , " Andina chüdmif^ queried Luke "TSey are aïive ana'well ; and From now, tuke^ they are mine.*" , -,*" I \ L 'Luke a healthy color left his face, and his fingers plucked nervously i at Uie crimson vast as though))* would tear, it off, for he saw this only preluded another rejection of himself. . In a little while he said : " I doan't blame thee Alice, for taking the babes-i J tby kind heart wouldn't cusí 'em away-but, my poor little lass, tlieemaunt have all the caro, for though Vm only a poor -weaber, I can work for 'em as well as thee ; ay, an* be a good fayther to 'em too. ) Seeing she did not answer, he looked down at her a\ertf*d face, and saw the süent tears trickling down her pala cheeki ' " Oh, Alice ! *" he cried, with such passion and despair in his voice that it trembled. " Oh, Alice, it is a hard day to me when every word I speak makes thee cry 60 bitterly ! Why, hang it" lass, is Susan's brata to spoil our happiness, and drag thee down to the grave wi' hard toil ? " ' She only wept the more at this, and instead of entering the church, which they had now reached, drew him into the churchyard, and in a secluded spot sank down among the graves in an almost fainting condition, But the hard-working poor seldom faint in reality ; and after her fit of weeping bad somewhat subsided, Alice raised her head ana prepared to meet this great struggle of her life ; her inclination and love leading ber to him ; her sister's shame, and the knowledge of bringing him trouble and disgrace, urging her to break with nim at once. " Luke," she said, laying her hand on the newly formed mound beside her, " this is Susan's gra\ a, and her last words besought me to keep the little girl from her mother's disgrace. . Her last wards, mind ; and I must do it. If I became your wife dear Luke, the poor children might comB to feel their disgrace the more when they grew up, for being a burden to you. -And your mother, Luke-your Çoor, bed-ridden mother-it would be her death, hen you know people change so much in this poor -world that sometime you might be just a little sorry for taking me," " Never 1" cried Luke, stoutly -, " And, Alice, if my mother ever said aught to thee"-he paused, and then-added, apathetically: ** Well, she's my mother, j after all.** " Yes," answered Alice ; " and there's another great thing* Luke. Thee's a Protestant and I a Catholic." H How was't theo never thow*t of that before ? " " I did think of it, Luke, dear, but knew thy kind heart would never trouble me." * ** Post *ee think my heart ia changed now ?" " No, Luke, not changed, but for all that thee and I must part, aud I will have to run away if thee ewr mya aught to me again. I have thought of it every i way, and prayed earnestly for help, so I know I am in the right. Yet it's bitter, oh, v ery bitter to' bear.'* " Wullnothing alter thy wind, Alice ?" " Nothing, Luke." "Thengood-bye lass, Luke Peel will never trouble thee again." So saying ha crushed bia hat down on his brow, drew his coat over the crimson vest, and walked rapidly away. Not toward bia home, eba noticed, as sha sat cold and still, utterly desolate, and wishing the grave beside her was hers instead of Susan's. ' Alice had taken one precaution against meeting Luke-she had obtained work in another factory, and so did not hear for two or three days after her part- ing with him that his mother bad suddenly died that very night. It was a sad trial to him, poor fellow, but insttad of rousing him frjm the lethargy he had fallen into since parting with Alice, it only strength- ened in his mind a hitherto half-formed resolution. It was to put this resolution in practice that he wended his way toward the "Ghost Pool/ on the evening after his uiuthpr was buried. It's the best thing I could do," ho said, slowly, as he looked down into the black waters-" the very best thing. My troubles will be over then, and no one will know what became of me either, for after the waters Buck down my body, who's to find it?" He shuddered as he expressed the thought, and me- chanically turned his eyes towards the cottage, just as a woman's singing rose on the sir. He knew the voice too well-who could own such another? So sweet, so inexpressibly sad. He listened as in a trance, till the concluding verse arrested the current of his thoughts Ki-ora the fall of the shade till the msiln shall chime, Sbleld tu from danger, and ure us from crime > " Was he committing a crime?" he wandered, and let the wonder die away. Then he thought he would like to look on Alice once more, and seeing the fire- light flicker on her window pane, he went towards it and looked in. Alice sat in a low rocking-chair, singing to sleep the collier's little boy, while near , her tbetwinslsy slumbering together in their wicker work cradle. Luke saw that she was alone in the . house, and forbore to knock at the window, but Bhe, suddenly raising her eyes, saw his haggard face, 'carno forward, and opened it. Her hand she laid gently on his arm, saying: " Luke, I'm sorry for thy trouble, lad. I didn't " know thy mother was dead till to-day." lie did not answer, but stood like a stock before her till she raised her sad eyes to his face-then he said: " Thou'st made a wreck o' me, Alice." " Oh, Luke, don't say such a dreadful thing. In- stead of being a wreck, thee may some day be a great strong ship, to bear me up from trouble." "How?" he asked, with a little show of interest; " how, if I'm never to bee thee again ?" " Susan's children are very delicate, and may nat live." " If I thowt praying would do any good, I'd pray day»and night that the Lord would take them to him- self. What good are they in the world, the little unfortunates ¿n " Hush, Luke. He knows best, and if they live I'll try and make them do some good in the world, so if we do right now happier days may come to UÍ. Luke, dear, either thee or I must leave 31anchester, if peace ¡s to be between us."* ~~ " Where shall I go 'fn he asfeed helplessly. ~ "To América,**she-replied, at a venture. "Yes; it would be a good place. l\e thov/t o' that before ; but how can 2 leai e thee alone, lass, wi' those two babes ; thee mowght be my wife there, an' no ,un to know but the twins were our own children, for thee knows how many begin a new life yonder, and the doings in Old Englan" forgotten,'» "Icannot, Luke. I have chosen my way, and must keep to it. I know I Bliall not want, for our Father is very good, and will protect me. If thee foes to America and anything happens to the children, will follow thee there." " And wilt 'ee promise to write to me in want or trouble ? Thee knows I would give thee my last crust and starve uij'self, if need be." " I know theo would, good, true heart ; but bow am I to write to thee*, Luke, when theo can't read my letter? Thee wouldn't want other eyes to see my words, would thee ?" "No ; but nineteen maunt be too old to learn to write." " Oh, do leam, Luke ; thee dont know the help it would be to thee," " I wull," be replied, earnestly ; *' but thoal't see me again before I go F" " No, Luke, let this be our last parting. I can- not-! cannot bear anything mo-re/* and the poor girl sank down, covering her face with har thin hands. The noble follow would fain haye seen her twenty times while he remained in the country, yet thinking to spare her pain, he replied : * Thee knows best, lass, theo knows best ; but be- fore I go,thee must make me a promise ou thy bended knees. _ He did not notice the stealthy approach of Mrs. Aspell, the collier's wife, as Alice knelt before him and he asked " Alice, wilt #e promise to write to me and tell me if thou'rt ever ia need sn ' I mil" "Wdt'ee promise to let me be a farther to the babes, if Heat en so smite me as to take thee from this world "" " I will » He leaned through the window, and raised her in his nrmB, pressing passionate kisses on her lips and brow, then ungenngly holding her to him, till with a great effort that bespoke the man, he tore himself awaj, and went sobbing into the night. 