. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. ?:?;?? PRESENTATION TO THE piSHOE OF' ADELAIDE. 'On. Friday evening, 28th June, being the eve ot bt. Peters Day, a full choral service in commemoration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of -the consecration of Dr. Short to the episcopate of Adelaide, was 'held in Christchurch, North Adelaide. Archdeacon Marryat preached the sermon on Psalm exxii. 6th and following verses : — ' Pray for the peace of Jerusalem; they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls, and plenteousness within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, peace be within .thee. Yea, because of the Lord our God, I will seek to do thee eood.' At the conclusion of the sermon an offertory was made, which will be devoted to the cathedral building fund. Ihe Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., Lieutenant J. A. Fergusson, :and Mr. F. Wicksteed, registrar of the diocese (the presentation committee), then took up positions at the altar rail, the Rev. Hartley 'Williams bore the new staff, from the vestry, and the Very Rev. Dean Russell, stepping forth before the Bishop, said — ' My Lord, I am desired by the clergy and laity of this diocese to present to your Lordship the following address : — ' To the .Eight Rev. Augustus, by divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. 'We your faithful clergy and laity, desire, on the eve of thetwenty fcfth anniversary of your Lordship's consecration to the episcopal office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the. mercy which has spared you so long to occupy your place as chief pistor of thi3 diocese. During a quarter of a century you have maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various and most unwearied labour; the contrast between the present condition of our church in South Australia and what it was in 1347 affords abundant and substan tial proof that your labour has not been in vain in the Lord. Instead of the 4 clergy of 1847 we have now 35, and instead of the 5 original churches there are now 67, besides schoolrooms and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of your best fellow-workers. You now miss from your side many men by whoso affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whoso ready co- operation you found your heart lightened of its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names will no longer be found which were most highly honoured in the earlier as well as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a divine voice which called them to 'come up higher.' And among the laity in our various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for some trusty comrades and advisers, especially of those belonging to the energetic band of early colonists— they have gone before, as we trust to make ready to welcome us when our turn Gomes ' to go hence.' Thus during your episcopate new and holy links have been ? formed between the members of the church here on earth and the blessed company of the faithful in heaven. It is with feelings of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent gratitude concerning them that have ' fallen asleep,' that we believe you will join with us in the retrospect of a history so full of sacred meaning and iuterest. ' Congratulating1 you to-day ns our bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to your diligent fulfilment, in the midst of the congregation of the minis trations specially appertaining to the office of Christ's pastor. But, above all, we contemplate you, as the head of the whole diocese, as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the church, you have recognised, and how perseveringly you have laboured to assign to them their proper sphere of influence and duty. Yon have not been content to be 'lord over us,' but have called us to .take bur proper part in the general work of helping you ' to set in order' all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, long survive as the best monu ment of your episcopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of the Heathen and the Homo Mission Funds, and led to the establishment, on a satisfactory basis, of a Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund. Your Lordship was called to the charge of tho diocese, in which you had to contend with peculiar, and what must havo seemed at the time unexampled difficulties. But you have effectually vindicated the church from the reproach of being unable to do its work, except iu depen dence .on State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this diocese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all matters affecting the regular miuistration of religion, the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised this they have prac tically shown in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency to existing ministrations. As another evidence of the spirit of co-operation thus created, it has been your lord ship's happiness to live to sea the walls of your cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be completed by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some portion of it to the holy uses for which it is designed. This review of your episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an education at once Christian in its spirit and duly respecting the con sciences of others. The noblest of this is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which under the present principal aud able stofF of masters has taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. Last of all, suffer' us to say that the church over which you preside has mainly through your efforts attained a singular privilege, inasmuch as it has formed an institution, now self-supporting, for the Christianisation of the native population, whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest places of the bush. Such ministrations have' extended in the south-east to the Victorian border, in the west to Streaky Bay, and in the north to the districts lyiug within communication ' with Mount Remarkable and Port Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only prepared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again supplied the place of the missionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary with- j drawal. In the same spirit, in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily incident to life in our larger towns, you in the work of the j Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions set an example which. ] good Christians of different communions have gladly followed. . I ' But not any longer to dwell on particulars, it must be a matter of I deep thankfulness to every member of our church that in our first bishop I we have had one to whom has been granted so long- a term of life, and f who through his whole episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the apostolic § injunction, 'Feed the flock of God as much as in you lies, taking the f oversight, not by constraint, but willingly.' 1 ' It does not become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and I official proceedings ; but the act in which we are now engaged would be § unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have | fulfilled your vocation in the spiiit of those words of St. Peter. We | thank God, for you and with you, that your assembled clergy and laity I can thus, on the eve of a feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind and fj with gratelui teeimgs in sucn a declaration, we trust you may still be p spared for a lonu time to maintain your place under the Chief Shepherd 1 of the whole nock of God. | 'And we pray you to accept from us, as a sign of our filial reverence, I and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. 1 ' We are your Lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity.— For I the subscribers, A. Russell, Chairman of the Committee.' 1 The Bishop then, holding the staff aloft, said : — ' § ' The pastoral staff with which you, my brethren of the clergy and II laity, have been pleased to honour my services of twenty-five years in the §| episcopate, is an emblem of the office and duties of a bishop, not less {§ expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority P and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts II the thoughts from earth to heaven ; and thence carries them back to the I? wilderness of this world, in which the flock of Christ, purchased with His ? §r own blood, the special objects of God's care, is still wandering. It speaks, H therefore, 'to the inner ear devout,' of faithfulness to the Chief Shepherd ; ? i.' of self-sacrifice ; of love and tender care ; of vigilance and boldness in \'~ defence of His sheep, for whom He laid down His life; of the 'ready |' mind' to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy lucre, or that moro L! subtle sin, the love of power and dominion over God's heritage. This p staff, then, is the symbol of a responsibility awful in its nature, and vast E in its extent. It is a teacher, not of pride, but humility ; not of boasting, if: but self-abasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of M ?self-reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that ' it is a small thing to be judgod of man's judgmont.' I (accept it nevertheless as a token of your good-will. If, to use the lan guage of our Ordination Service, I have been among you as a ' shepherd, not a wolf ;' if I have fed, and not devoured the ilock ; if I have in any measure 'holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken;' if I have ' brought again the outcast, and sought the lost/ I thank Gad in this behalf; and I pray that ' the blood of souls,' perhaps, ?through my negli gence, ' ' Lost, to be found no more,' may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. ?' Again, it is difficult indeed to be 'so merciful as not to be remiss; and' so to minister discipline as not to bo forgetful of mercy.' It only remains, therefore, that I should ask your prayers and the prayers of the congrega tion, as well as of the ' brethren' in the diocese at large, that /our merciful Father .may so endue' me to the end of my days ' with the Holy Spirit,' that preaching His word I may be earnest. to reprove, beseech, and rebuke, with all patience and doctrine ; and also be to such as believe 'a wholesome example in word, in conversation; inlove, in faith. That so fulfilling my courso, I may at the latter day receive the crown of right 'eousness, which the Lord, the Righteous Judge, shall give to all who love His appearing; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen.' — Australian Register, 29th June, 1872. 