WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER III. DONE AT SUNSET. The warm June sun rode gaily in the bright blue skies, and the sweet June roses were in bloom. Mrs. Andinnian, entirely unconscious of the blight that had fallen on her younger son, was placidly making the home happiness (as she believed), of the elder. Had she known of Karl's sorrow, she would have given to it just a passing thought. There was peace in the home again. The vexation regarding their young lady-neighbour had subsided in Mr. Andinnian's mind. She had spoken seriously and sharply to Adam upon the point which was an entirely new element in his experience ; telling him how absurd and unsuitable it was that he, one of England's future baronets, aad three-and-thirty years of age already, should waste his hours in frivolous talk with a girl beneath him. Adam heard her in silence, smiling a little and quite docile. He rejoined in a joking tone. " All this means, I suppose, mother, that you would not tolerate Miss Turner as my wife." " Never, Adam, never. You would have to choose between myself and her. And I have been a loving mother to you." " All right. Don't worry yourself. There's no cause for it." From this time, in April, at the close of Karl's short visit to them, the trouble ceased. Adam Andinnian either did not meet the girl so much ; or else he timed his interviews more cautiously. In May, Miss Turner went away on a visit, and Mrs. Andinnian forgot that she had ever been anxious. Never a word of invitation had come from Sir Joseph. During the month of May, Mrs. Andinnian, her patience worn out, wrote to Foxwood, proffering a visit for herself and Adam. At the end of a fortnight's time, she got an answer. A few words of shaky writing, in Sir Joseph's own hand. He had been very ill, he told her, which was the cause of the delay, as he wished to reply himself. When able to entertain her and her son, which he hoped would be soon, he would write to them. It would give him great pleasure to receive them, and to make the acquaintance of his heir. That letter reached Mrs. Andinnian on the first day of June. But after three weeks had elapsed, still no summons had come. She was growing just a little impatient again. Morning after morning, while she dressed, the question was always in her mind ; will there be a letter today from Foxwood ? On a lovely June morning, with the scent of the midsummer flowers wafting in through the open chamber window, it filled her mind as usual. They breakfasted early. Adam's active garden habits induced it. When Mrs. Andinnian descended, he was in the breakfast room, scanning the pages of some new work on horticulture. He wore a tasty suit of grey, and looked well and handsome ; unusually so in his mother's eyes, for he had only returned the past evening from a few day's roving absence. " Good morning, Adam." He advanced to kiss his mother ; his white teeth and his grey eyes as pleasant as they could be. Mrs. Andinnian's fond and admiring heart leaped up. " The nonsense people write whose knowledge is superficial !" he said with a gay laugh. " I have detected half a dozen errors in this book already." " No doubt. What a nice morning it is !" " Lovely. It is Midsummer Eve. I have been out at work for the last two hours. " Adam, I think that must be the postman's step," she observed. " Someone is going round to the door." " From Karl, perhaps," he said with indifference, for he had plunged into his book again. Hewitt came in : one letter only on the silver waiter. He presented it to his master. Adam, absorbed in his pages, took the letter and laid it on the table without looking up. Something very like a cry from his mother startled him. She had caught up the letter and was gazing at it carefully. It was addressed in a way she had never seen before.. " Sir Adam Andinnian, Bart." " Oh my son ! It has come at last." " What has come ?" cried he in surprise. " Oh, I see - Sir Joseph must be dead. Poor old fellow ! What a sad thing. But it was not exactly Sir Joseph's death that Mrs. Andinnian had been thinking of. The letter ran as follows - Foxwood, June 22nd Dear sir, — I am truly sorry to have to inform you of the death of my old friend and patient of many years, Sir Joseph Andinnian. He had been getting better slowly, but we thought surely : and his death was sudden and quite unexpected. I have taken it upon myself to give a few necessary orders in anticipation of your arrival here. I am, Sir Adam, very sincerely yours, Wiiiiam Moore. " Sir Adam Andinnian." The breakfast went on nearly in silence. Mrs. Andinnian was deep in thoughts and plans. Sir Adam, poring over his book while he ate, did not seem to be at all impressed with the importance of having gained a handle to his name. " When shall we start, Adam ?" " Start ?" he returned, glancing up. " For Foxwood ? Oh, in a day or two.' " In a day or two !" repeated his mother, with surprised emphasis. " Why, what do you mean ?" " Just that, mother." " You should be off in half an hour. You must, Adam." " Not I. There's no need of hurry," he added, with careless good humour. " But there is need of it," she answered. " Why ? Had Sir Joseph been dying and wished to see me, I'd not have lost a single moment ; but it is nothing of the kind, poor man. He is dead, unfortunately, and therefore no cause for haste exists." " Some one ought to be there." " Not at all. The Mr. Moore who writes, some good old village doctor, I conclude, will see to things." " But why should you not go at once, Adam ?" she persisted. " What is preventing you ?" " Nothing prevents me. Except that I hate to be hurried off anywhere. And I - I only came back to the garden yesterday." " The garden ! - that's what it is," resentfully thought Mrs. Andinniam. " Adam, if you do not go I shall." " Do, mother," he said, readily. " Go, if you would like to, and take Hewitt. I hate details of all kinds, you know ; and if you will go, and take them on yourself, I shall be truly obliged. Send me word which day the funeral is fixed for, and I will come for it." Perhaps in all her life Mrs. Andinnian had never resented anything in her favourite son as she resented this. She had looked forward to the accession of fortune with an eager anxiety which none could suspect ; and now that it was come, he was treating it with this indifference ! Many a time had she indulged in a vision of this day when she should drive in to take possession of Foxwood, her handsome son, the inheritor, seated beside her. " One of my sons ought to be there," she said, coldly. " If you will not go, Adam, I shall telegraph to Karl." " I will telegraph for you," he replied, with provoking good humonr. " Karl will be the very fellow : he has ten times the head for business that I have. Let him act for me in all things, exactly as though it were he who had succeeded ; I give him carte blanche. It will save all trouble to you." Sir Adam Andinnian declined to be shaken out of his resolve and inertness. In what might be called a temper, Mrs Andinnian departed straight from the breakfast table to the railway station, to take the train. Her son duly accompanied her to see her safely away, then he despatched a telegram to Karl, telling him to join his mother at Foxwood. Meantime, while these, the lady and the message, went speeding on their respective ways, the new baronet beguiled away the day's passing hours amidst his flowers, and shot a few small birds that were interfering with some choice seedlings just springing up. Lieutenant Andinnian received the message promptly, but, following the fashion much in vogue amidst telegraphic messages, its meaning was not quite clear. Karl read that Sir Joseph was dead, that his mother was either going or gone to Foxwood ; that she was waiting for him, and he was to join her without delay. But whether he was to join her at her own home and then accompany her to Foxwood, or whether he was to proceed directly there, lay in profound obscurity. The fault was not in Sir Adam's wording ; but in the telegraph people's carelessness. " Now which is it that I am to do?" debated Karl, puzzling over the message from different points of view. That did not help him, and he decided to proceed home : he thought his mother must be waiting for him there. " It must be that," he said: " Adam has gone hastening on to Foxwood, and mother is staying for me to accompany her. Poor Uncle Joseph ! And And to think that I never saw him even once in my life !" Mr. Andinnian had no difficulty in obtaining leave of abscence : and he started on his journey. He was somewhat changed. Though only a month had gone by since the severance from Lucy Cleeve, the anguish had told upon him. His brother officers, noting the distracted manner he often plunged into, the ultra-strict fulfilment of his duties, as if life was made up of parades and drills and all the rest of it, told him jokingly that he was going a bad way. They knew naught of what had happened ; of the love that had made his heart and this earth seem a paradise, or of its abrupt ending. " My poor horse has had to be shot, you know" - which was a fact ; " and I can't forget him," Mr. Andinnian one day replied, reciprocating the joke. The shades of the midsummer night were gathering as Karl neared the house of his mother. He walked up from the terminus, choosing the field path, and leaving his portmanteau to be sent after him. The glowing fires of the departed sun had left the west, but streaks of gold where it had set illumined the heavens. The air was still and soft, the night balmy ; some stars flickered in the calm blue firmament : the moon was well above the horizon. This pathway over the fields ran parallel with the high road. As Mr. Andinnian paced it, his umbrella in his hand, there suddenly broke upon his ears a kind of uproar, marring strangely the peaceful stillness of the night. Some stirring commotion, as of a mass of people, seemed to be approaching. " What is it, I wonder ?" he said to himself ; and for a moment or two he halted and stared over the border of the field and the intervening hedge beyond. By what his sight could make out, he thought some policemen were in front, walking with measured tread, with a confused mob behind, following close on their heels ; but it was too uncertain a light to show this distinctly. " Some poor prisoner they are bringing in from the country," thought Mr. Andinnian as the commotion passed on towards the town, and he continued on his way. " This is a true Midsummer Eve night," he said to himself, when the hum of the noise and the tramping had died away, and he glanced at the weird shadows that stood out from hedges and trees. " Just the night for ghosts to come abroad, and - hang on : it is not on Midsummer Eve that ghosts come, I think. What are the popular superstitions for the night ? Young girls go out and see the shadowy forms of their future husbands ? It that it ? I don't remember. What matter if I did ! Such romance has died out for me. He drew near his home. On the left lay the cottage of Mr. Turner. Its inmates seemed to be unusually astir within it, for lights shone from nearly every window. A few yards further Karl turned into his mother's grounds by a private gate. Compared to Mr Turner's cottage, their own house looked quite dark. Karl could not see that so much as the hall-lamp was alight. A sudden conviction flashed over him that he had made the wrong decision. After all that it was to Foxwood that he ought to have gone. " My mother and Adam and all the world are off to it, no doubt," he said as he looked up at the dark windows, after knocking at the door. " Deuce take the telegraph !" The door was opened by Hewitt : Hewitt with a candle in his hand. That is, the door was drawn a few inches back, and the man's face appeared in the aperture. Karl was seized with a sadden panic ; for he had never seen, a face as blanched as this was, or one so full of horror. " What is the matter ?" he involuntarily exclaimed, under his breath. " Ay, what was the matter ? Hewitt, the faithful serving man of many years, threw up his hands when he saw Carl and cried out aloud before he told him. His master, Sir Adam, had shot Martin Scott. Karl Andinnian stood against the door-post inside as he listened ; stood, bereft of motion. For a moment he could put no questions ; but it crossed his mind that Hewitt must be mad and was babbling some fable from an excited brain. Not so. It was all too true. Adam Andinnian had deliberately shot the young medical student, Martin Scott. And Hewitt, poor Hewitt, had been a witness to the deed. " Is he dead ?" gasped Karl. And these were the first words he spoke. " Stone dead, sir. The shot entered his heart. 'Twas done at sunset. He was carried into Mr. Turner's place and is lying there still." A confused remembrance of the lights he had seen arose in Karl's agitated brain. He pressed his hand on his brow and stared at Hewitt. For a moment or two, he thought that he himself must be going mad. " And where is he, my brother ?" " The police have taken him away, Mr. Karl. Two of them just happened to be passing at the time." And Karl knew that the prisoner he had seen in custody, with the guardians of the law around and the trailing mob behind, was his brother, Sir Adam Andinnian. CHAPTER IV. THE TRIAL. Reports of he unfortunate act committed by Adam Andinnian were broadcast far and wide. Circumstances conspired to give to them an unusual notoriety ; and for more than the traditional nine days, the event remained a wonder in men's minds. Sir Adam's recent accession to the family honours : the utter want of adequate motive ; the name of the young lady said to be mixed up with it ; all this tended to arouse the public interest. That a gentleman of peaceful tendencies, an educated man and new baronet of the realm should take up his gun and shoot another in calm deliberation, was well nigh incredible. Public interest was not allowed to flag. Before a sufficient space of time had lapsed, Adam's trial came on. Sir Adam Andinnian was not fated, as too many prisoners are, to languish during months of suspense in prison. The calamity occurred towards the end of June ; the assizes were held in July. Almost before his final examination by the magistrates had concluded, or the coroner's inquest (protracted after the fashion of inquests) had returned its verdict, the summer assizes were upon the county. The magistrates had committed Sir Adam Andinnian to face trial for wilful murder ; the coroner's jury for manslaughter. . But now - what effect does the reader suppose this most awful blow must have had on Mrs. Andinnian ? If any one ever deserved commiseration, it was surely she. To every mother it would have been terrible ; to her it was worse than terrible. She loved her son with the love only lavished on an idol ; she had gone forth to his new inheritance with all the pride of a fond heart, counting every day, and indeed ,every hour, until he should gladden it with his presence. If one mortal man stood on a pinnacle above all his fellows, in her estimation that man was her handsome son, the new baronet, Sir Adam Andinnian. And oh ! the desolation that fell upon her when Karl, the son for whom she cared not, arrived to break the news. And Karl ? Hardly less keen, was the blow upon him. Until then, he did not know how very warm and true was his affection for his brother. Staggering back to the town the same night after his interview with Hewitt - and it seemed to Karl Andinnian that he did stagger, under the weight of his affliction - he found the prisoner at the police station, and was allowed to see him. Adam did not appear to feel his position at all. Karl thought the passion - or whatever other feeling it might have been that prompted him to the fatal deed — was swaying him still. He was perfectly calm and self- possessed, and sat quite at ease while the chief of the station took down sundry reports from the policemen who brought him in. " I have done nothing that I regret," he said to Karl. " The man has but got his deserts. I should do it again tomorrow under the some provocation." " But, Adam think of the consequences to yourself," gasped Karl, dismayed at this dangerous admission within the hearing of the officers. " Oh, as to consequences, I shall be quite ready to take them," returned the prisoner, drawing himself haughtily up. " I never yet did aught that I was ashamed to acknowledge afterwards.'* The Inspector ceased writing for a moment and turned around. " Sir Adam Andinnian, I advise you for your own sake to be silent. Least said is soonest mended, you know, sir. That's a good rule to remember in a case like this." " Very good indeed, Wall," readily assented Sir Adam - who had previously been on speaking terms with the Inspector. " But if you think I am going to try to disown what I've done, you are mistaken." " It must have been accident," spoke poor Karl in a low tone, almost as though he were suggesting it. " I told Hewitt so." " Hewitt knows better ; he saw me take up the gun level it and shoot him," was Sir Adam's open reply. " Look here, Wall. The fellow courted his fate : courted it. I had assured him that if he dared to offend in a certain way again, I would shoot him as I'd shoot a dog. He defied me. Upon that, I carried out my promise, and shot him. I could not break my word, you know." Just then a doubt crossed the Inspector's mind - as he related afterwards - that Sir Adam Andinnian was not in his right senses. " And mother ?" breathed KarL " There's the worst of it," returned Sir Adam, his tone quickly changing to grave concern. " For her sake, I could almost regret it. You must go off to Foxwood Karl, and break it to her." What a task it was ! Never in all of Karl's life had a burden like this been imposed on him. With the early morning, he started for Foxwood ; and it seemed to him that he would rather have started to his grave. It was perhaps somewhat singular that during the short period of time intervening before the trial, Lieutenant Andinnian should have been gazetted to his company. It gave Karl no pleasure. The rise he had hoped for, that was to have brought him so much satisfaction, mattered not now. If the trial resulted in the awful sentence - Condemnation - Karl would not of course continue in the army. No, nor with any inferior result ; save and except acquittal. Karl felt this. It was a matter that admitted of no alternative. To remain amidst his fellow officers with his only brother disgraced and punished, was not to be thought of. And Karl would rather have remained the nameless lieutenant, than have been gazetted captain. The truest sympathy was felt for him, the utmost consideration evinced. Leave of absence was accorded him at his request, until the result of the trial should be known. He wanted his liberty to stand by his brother, and to make efforts for the defence. When the accused persisted in openly avowing he was guilty, what efforts could be made with any hope of success ? One of the hottest days that July has ever given us was that of the trial. The county town was filled from end to end ; thousand of curious people had thronged in, hoping to get a place in the court ; or, at least, to obtain a sight of the baronet-prisoner. It was reported that but for the earnest pleadings of his mother there would have been no trial - Sir Adam would have pleaded guilty. It was whispered that she, the hitherto proud, overbearing woman went down on her knees to entreat him not to bring upon his head the worst and most extreme sentence known to England's law as the said guilty plea would have brought — but to give himself a chance of a more lenient sentence ; perhaps of an acquittal. It was said that Captain Andinnian would have taken his place in the dock to countenance, and stand by his brother, but this was not permitted. The trial was unusually short and unusually interesting. Immediately after the judge had taken his seat in the morning, the prisoner was brought in. The crowded court, who had just risen to pay homage to the judge, rose again amidst stir and excitement. Strangers, straining their eager eyes, saw, perhaps with a momentary feeling of surprise, as grand a gentleman as any present. A tall commanding, handsoms man, witi a frank expression of countenance when he smiled, but haughty in repose ; his white teeth, that he showed so much, and his grey eyes quite beautiful. He wore deep mourning for his uncle, Sir Joseph ; and bowed to the judge with as much stately ceremony as if he were bowing to the Queen. Captain Andinnian, in deep mourning also, sat at the table with the solicitors. The chief witnesses, it may be said the only ones of consequence, were Thomas Hewitt the man servant, and Miss Rose Turner. A surgeon spoke to the case of death— a shot through the heart — and a policeman or two gave a little more evidence. Altogether not much. The story that came out to the world through the speeches of counsel, including the defence, as well as the prosecution, may be summed up as follows. Mr. Andinnian (now Sir Adam) had a great friendship for a youmg lady neighbour who lived close by, with whom he and his mother had been intimate, and for whose best interests he had a lively regard. This was a Miss Rose Turner : a young lady (the counsel emphatically said) worthy of consideration, and against whom not a breach of slight had been or could be whispered. Some few months ago, Miss Turner was introduced at a friend's house to a medical student (the deceased) named Martin Scott. It had been ascertained, from inquiries pursued since Martin Scott's death, that this man's private pursuits and character were not at all reputable ; but that was of course (the counsel candidly added) no reason why he should have been killed. In spite of Miss Turner's strong objection, Martin Scott persisted in offering her his attentions, and two or three times, to the young lady's great disgust, he had forcibly kissed her. These facts became known to Mr. Andinnian ; and he, being of a hasty passionate nature, unfortunately took up the matter warmly. Indignant that the young lady should have been subjected to any thing so degrading, he sought an interview with the offender, and told him that if ever he dared to repeat the insult to Miss Turner, he, Mr. Andinnian, would shoot him. It appeared, the counsel added, that Mr. Andinnian avowed this in unmistakable terms ; that the unfortunate deceased fully understood him to mean, and that Mr. Andinnian would do what he said if provoked. Proof of which would be given. In spite of all this Martin Scott braved his fate the instant he had the opportunity. On the fatal evening, June the twenty-third, Miss Turner, only just returned home from an absence of some weeks, Martin Scott made an appearance at her uncle's house, followed her into the garden, and there, within the sight of Mr. Andinnian (or, rather Sir Adam Andinnian, for by then he had succeeded to his title). He rudely took the young lady in his arms, and kissed her several times. Miss Turner, naturally startled and in disgust, broke from him, and burst into a fit of hysterical sobs. Upon this, the prisoner picked up his loaded gun and shot him dead ; the gun, unhappily, lying close to his hand, for he had been shooting birds during the day. Such was the substance of the story, as told to the court. Thomas Hewitt, the faithful serving man, who deposed that he had lived in the Andinnian family for many years, who could hardly speak for the grief within him, was examined ; Alas ! he was called for the prosecution ; for all his evidence told against his master, not for him. " That evening," he said, " abont eight o'clock, or from that to half past, I had occasion to see my master, Sir Adam, and went across the garden and beyond the shrubbery to find him. He was standing by the gate that divides bis grounds from Mr. Turner's ; and at the same moment, as I came in view, there seemed to be a scuffle going on in Mr. Turner's wide path, by the rose-bushes. Just at first I did not discern who was there, for the setting sun, then going below the horizon, shone in my face line a ball of red fire. But then, I saw it was Miss Turner and Martin Scott. He seemed to be holding her against her will. She broke away from him, crying and sobbing, and ran towards my master, as if wanting him to protect her." " Well - go on," cried the examining counsel, for the witness had stopped. " What did you see next ?" " Sir Adam picked up his gun from the garden seat close by, pointed it at Martin Scott, and fired. The young man sprang into the air a foot or two, and then fell. It all passed in a moment. I ran to assist him, and found that he was dead. That is all I know." But the witness was not to be released just yet, in spite of this intimation. " Wait a bit, said the counsel for the prosecution. " You saw the prisoner pick up the gun, point it at the deceased, and fire. Was all this done deliberately ?" " It was not done hurriedly, sir." " Answer my question, witness. Was it deliberately done ?" " I think it was. His movements were slow. Perhaps," added poor Hewitt," willing to suggest a loophole of escape for his master, " perhaps Sir Adam had forgotten the gun was loaded, and only fired it off to frighten Scott. It was in the morning, he had been shooting birds ; hours before ; he could easily have forgotten that it was loaded. My master is not a cruel man, but a humame one." " How came be to leave the gun out there for so many hours, if he had done with it ?" asked the judge. " I don't know my lord. I suppose he forgot to bring it when he came in to dinner. Sir Adam is naturally very careless indeed." One of the jury spoke. " Witness, what was it that you wanted with him when you went out that evening ?" " A telegram had come for him, sir, and I went to take it to him." " What did the telegram contain ? Do you know ?" " I believe it came from Foxwood, sir." " From Foxwood ?" " The telegram was from my mother, Mrs. Andinnian," said the prisoner, in his rather loud, but perfectly calm voice, thereby electrifying the court. " It was to tell me she had arrived safely at Foxwood Court and that the day for my uncle, Sir Joseph's funeral was not then fixed." The prisoner's solicitor, in a great commotion, leaned over, and begged him in whisper to be silent. " Nay, " said the prisoner aloud, " if any information that I can give is required, why should I be silent ? Surely there had never before been a prisoner like this one !" The next witness was Rose Turner. She was accompanied by her uncle and a solicitor ; was handsomely dressed in black and appeared to be in a state of extreme nervous agitation. Her face was ashy pale, her manner shrinkingly reluctant, and her voice was so low that its accents could not always be caught. In the simple matter of giving her name, she had to be asked three times. Her evidence told little more than had been revealed by the opening counsel. Mr. Scott had persecuted her with his attentions, she said. He wanted her to promise to marry him when he should be established in practice, but she wholly refused, and she begged him to go about his business, and leave her alone. He would not ; and her aunt had rather encouraged Mr. Scott : they did not know what kind of private character he bore, but supposed of course, that it was good. Martin Scott had twice kissed her against her will, very much to her own annoyance ; she had told Mr. Andinnian of it - he who had always been very kind to her, quite like a protector. It made Mr. Andinmim very angry and he had threatened Martin Scott that if he ever again atttempted to molest her, he would shoot him. She was sure that Martin Scott understood that Mr. Andinnian was not joking, but meant to do what he said. So far, the witness spoke with tolerable readiness : but after this not a word would she say that was not drawn from her. " You went out on a visit in May ; where was it to ?" questioned the counsel. " Birmingham." " How long did you stay there ?" " I was away from home five weeks altogether." " When did you return home ? Speak a little little louder, if you please." " On the evening of the twenty-second of June." " That was the day before the murder ?" " It was not a murder," returned the witness, with emotion. " Sir Adam Andinnian was quite justified in what he did." The judge interposed, " You are not here to state opinions, young lady, but to answer questions." The counsel resumed. " Did the deceased, Martin Scott, come to your uncle's residence on the evening of the twenty-third ?" " Yes. My uncle was at home, ill, that evening, and he kept Mr. Scott in conversation, so that he had no opportunity of teasing me." " You went later, into the garden ?" " Yes. Martin Scott must have seen me pass the window, for I found he was following me out. I saw Sir Adam standing at his gate and went towards him." " With what motive did you go ?" A pause. " I intended to tell him that Scott was there." " Had you seen Sir Adam at all since the previous evening ?" Whether the young lady said Yes or No to this question could not be told. Her answer was inaudible. " Now this won't do," cried the counsel, losing his patience. " You must speak so that the jury can hear you, witness ; and you must please lift your head. What have you to be ashamed of ?" At this sting, a bright flash dyed the young lady's pale cheeks ; but she evidently did not think of resisting. Lifting her face, she spoke somewhat louder. " I had seen Sir Adam in the morning when he was shooting the birds. I saw him again in the afternoon and was talking with him for a few minutes. Not for long ; some friends called on my aunt, and she sent for me." " Was anything said about Martin Scott that day, between you and Sir Adam ?" " Not a word. We did not so much as think of him." " Why, then, were you hastening in the evening to tell Sir Adam that Scott was there ?" The witness hesitated and burst into tears. Her answer impeded by sobs. " Of course it was a dreadful thing for me to do - as things have turned out. I had no ill thought in it. I was only going to tell him that Scott had come and was sitting with my uncle. There was nothing in that to make Sir Adam angry." " You have not replied to my question. Why did you hasten to tell Sir Adam ?" " There was no very particular cause. Before I left home in May, I had hoped Mr. Scott had ceased his visits to my home ; when I heard of his arrival that evening, I thought I would tell Sir Adam. We both disliked Martin Scott because of his rudeness to me. I began to feel afraid of him again." " Afraid of what ?" " Lest he should be rude to me as he had been before." " Allow me to ask - in a case of this sort, would it not have been your uncle's place to deal with Mr. Scott, rather than Sir Adam Andinnian ?" The witness bent her head, and sobbed. While the prisoner, without affording time for any answer, again spoke up." 'When Martin Scott insulted Miss Turner before, I had particularly requested her to inform me at once if he ever attempted such a thing again. I also requested her to let me know if he resumed his visits to his uncle's house. I wished to protect Miss Turner as efficiently as I would have protected a sister." The prisoner was ordered to be silent. Miss Turner's examination went on. To Be Continued. 