BALLARAT V.NPRTIIH TASMANIA, This long-talked of but ill-arranged' match came off on the Launceston Club's 0 round on ( Thursday.?: The weather was all that could bhe desired by the most fastidious cricketer and as the afternoon advanced a, fair sprinkling of visitors, including an unusuallylargo nuniber of ladies; 'gradd' theo" ground. 'The' handsome foilfctes of the latter formed no inconsidorable addition to'tho gay and animatedo appearance to the scene as viewed from. the, balcony of i the ancient 10oking pavilion.,., Ap excellent wicket having been prepared, about ton .o'clock, the intoresting ceremony of skying the cop per having beoon performd' and resulted in favor of the Tasmanians, thuy'olected to take the wickots; Hogg aild i'Iartin being 'the first to appear -mn thoe breachl to the, bowling of Gaggin and Hunt, the field being' placed as;fol lows-Gaggin and Hunt bowlers;,and. third man, Norman .longotop,.. Balantyne point, Wynnb and IKilor longlog and cover, MIKeohziu longslili, Cloierly shortalip, Madden mnid offl, Mann mid on, and Pamphilion- shortleg.. Gag gin opened the ball to Hogg, who got a couple of,singles, Martin also gettinga hit for two in the same over. Hunt now took up the bow ling; and commenced'with :a maiden. In Gag gin s'soconid over Hogg got a good hit for three; Glynn,'who'was now! at . the wicket,, broakiing his egg by a single in the same over. Gaggin's third over Glynn spoiled from a maiden by get ting a single off thelast bhll, This brought him opposite Hunt, from whom le got two by a good hit to longfield off. His balls, however, were i sent spinning in the air the inext ball. Tel. 2-4--14.? , - . . . Affairs already looked rathergloomy for;Tas mania, and fears were entertained that the North would suffir a similar' defeat to' that Which' attednded' the South; ' Arthur' filled the vabancy, and' received. the. last ball of the over. ' Inn Gaggin's next Hogg got five, two by. a :.hit. to log, , and thre in tle, slips by a "very fluky piece of play. The same player having scored a couple and a single elf Hunt, he put one into 'Man's hands at long-slip, which was thankfully received. Tolegraph, 3--13-22., , Collins, the Northern captain, was next on the scene, his appearance bringing forth a clap from the Ballarat team, He obtained his first single byea very fluky hit to leog off Gaggin. Having scored another single from Hunt, heI again confronted Gaggin, from whom he got three.by a fine cut to the fence.. The next over he gave a bare chance to Gaggin in the slips, which not being accepted, two were scored from it. Collins then made a i'plendid hit to leg, but the ballbeing well fielded by Wynne, a single only was registered. A leg bye having been run, Collins added another single. .Collins was now doing all the scoring, Arthur being content to keep his wicket up. In Gaggin's sixth over Collins got three by a leg hit, foUowing by- a single from Hunt, Arthur also contributing two by a log'hit. A single having been scored by Collins, the. first change in the bowling took place, Pamphilion relieving Hunt. His first was a maiden. Arthur now drove SGaggin to log for a brace, tile ball being rather clumsily fielded by. ilner, Collins obtaining threofi' Pamphilion by a cut to the fence. A 1e "5 mailden from both howlers followed. In Gaggin'4 next ,over Collina scored three .by i protty- slip, adding anothei two by, a hit it the air.. off Hunt, followli1 'this, up by a pretty eit to the foitce f'r thoe. The annrd nw sho wed i50, Collins again made a noat'but oil Gaggin, but thlrogh a piece of line Tldling by Wynno a single only was registered.' 'ioe Northern skipper, who was now well set, opened his shoulders to Pampliliion,' driving !hnm hard tb theo doffor throe; Arthur followvinig , i'it by a cut for the sanes numlber. Another +h tngo In the bowling was made, Cleverly being substituted foa Gcngginl. His first ball, was a wide, 'whlih broualht tho sadore tol. O Arthur Snow got a fine out to the fence for three, which perhaps ought to havoeboon stopped by Wynio. ' iThre singles- woro than asorod yopo of them bong "a very sharp one to short leg. 'Arthur, Swho up to this time had boid doing vey little, now hit 'out, getting' three, for a' out"ofi Pam philion,.followigit upby a throe 'ani? a two, both cuts off Cleverly, And a brace in the slips, and two for a cut from Pamphilion, Collins also 'ettind 'tlitbd a by i it: off tlioheafti bowler,' Tbve singles by Collins and a log.byo having 'boash scored, a further ehango' in the bowling tSok; place,, Hunt going on, at Clevorly's. end. ,,His first ball Collins apoonod,in the air,theo. ball eventually finding a resting place in. M'Kenzio's hands, and the playolf retired amidst a i'osind'of applause, having' played a' splendid innings of! 35, in gettinig which he displayed some fine free hitting, and never lost aohance. When lie woent in the score was:'at 22, and. on his,retiring the tlograpli., showed 83. Fuller, now .joined. Arthur, wldo ro6iived the roniainder of the over without scoring:. - 'Fuller imade his dlebut b1y a good dra?i for a couple off Pamphilion.:: Artlhur t then made three by a beautiful cut off Heint, and after a single by Fuller, got a similar num.n ber in the same over by a fine drive to the off. Ballantyno again rung, the eohan'ges on'l his bowlers, Gaggin iglin coming ot'atPainplhilion's and, and Kilnor at iIunt's. ' The former's first I ball was a wide, and, froii his fifth a little of the '" sonsational" occurred I by Arthur .making' a :' splendid hit to leg for five. Kilnor s first and Gaggin's next bvers were':niaidesi "Andthet' good lit to log t by Fuller broughlt (the score up' to a 'century C which wasgreeted withl loud'applause frone the pavilion. Both players batting with confidence, c runa came apace, anid Ballantyne is at his wit's a end how to stop them. Counsel is tiken, which t results in Hunt' going on with his slows at I' Gaggin's end. From his second ball Fuller 1 pot one into Mann's hands at long-field which, however, was refused, and a single was scored. 0 Arthur alo 'got'a coihple in the same over. A 0 single 'hsavingbcbo'en obtained iii Kilnor's next 0 over by Arthur he got a fine hit to leg for four a off the .slows., L'Fulleor also got a brace olYn Kilnir-by a drive to the off, and again essayed t th hamnie thiing, 'it this time w0th ia very different result for he played the ball back toe 0 the bowler's hands, 'where it rested. Fuller C during ,his .innings showed some careful and I ireott play. 'Telegraph- -11 --124, Tasmainia elated.' Barrett was'now Arthur's coifrere, and between them some as line batting was exhibited as has been witnessed on the L. C. Ground for tf many a day. In the next over the slows met with 'a particularly warmn reception,' Arthur 5b getting threeoo by a hit to leg, and Barrett intro. 1 dncing ,himself by a couple for a cut, 'following n it up by a fine log-hit -in Kilner's next over. n After another over of slows from which three a were scored; two by Arthur and bnd' by Bareott, Kilner,'who 'had been peppering away in- a ofebctually, retired in fivor of Pemphilton, who a bowled a maiden. Arthur then made a fine forward drive, but na smart piece of folding on b the part of Wynne prevonted 'more thanl 'one being scored. Barrett having scored a single, I another "'oonsational" occurred, 'by Athur I again hitting the slows to leg for five, finishing the over with a sigl o. Barrett having got a couple by a lit to leg off Pamphilion. Ballan- i tyno tried, shis hand with' the slows at Hunt's a end. Six were got from his fifth over, four t being credited to Arthur, and two to-Barrett. n The latter got a couple for a draw off Pasnphil ion. Tihe heart was now conpletely taken out a of the bowling, and tlhe Ballarat Captain was at 1 a loss how to stop the runs. Another change is 8 resorted to, Gaggin relieving the Captain. Although the alteration was not successful as far 1I as getting wickets was concerned, the play 0 became muchl tamner for tlhe next three or four overs. Arthur, however, now opened his shoul ders to Gaggin, and mut hinm for four, following suit by a pretty drew for two off'Pamplhilion. At maiden was now bowloe' by l'Kenzieo, who had a just relieved Gaggi;n: Punphilion doing ditto.. Runs' again came fast, and Wynne takes the. I bowlir g from f'CKelzue. Arthur and Barrett both sale a single off his first over. The bowling now improved, and the scoring consequently became slower, what few were made being off Wynno's, as maidens appeared to be the order of the day With Pamphilion, he' having bowled throoe i t succession. No hopes; ,however, of a wicket being obtained, Ballantyno again went on at i Wynno's end. Barrett having scored a single t off them, 'brought' Arthur to the strike, wio t' attempted a hard hit, but the ball just tipped i the edge of the bat and lodged in Norman's t hands at the wicket. .The Ballaratonians breatle d much more freely 'after such, good fortune. Arthur played a nmignificont innings for 87, not i having given a single ghost of a chanco; and although his play perhaps lacked that free style b which chlractorised it previous to the long ill. I' ness front whichl he has suffered, his defence was b perfect and his' oxcellent' jdgment in run- b getting proved iiivaluable.' He fully merited a the inunonsoen pplauso which greeted him as he e wended his way to the paviliou. The telegraph I now showed 0-87--105. Daly filled up the breach, and with Barrott brought the score, by I singles, up to 200,.whiolcaused a fcrore in the t pavilion. The runs were.now made by singles, I' Daly being evidently not at homoe wit the li "Mows. o;e, howvoer, got one "well to leg 'fo 'three. After a couple of singles I having boon made by Barrett, ,Wynoe showed a fine piece of fielding at that slip t by - rushing in and fairly taking the ball off Daly's bat. Tel. ,7-4-200. T. Atkin- s son was next man, and scored a single to leg i off lthe second ball lie received from Ballantyne. I Pamphilion having bowled a maiden, Barrett a got a single 'olff the slows and another maiden 0 from Ballantyne followed, when Atkinson t found hlimsolf confronting Ballantyno; tlie thlird'ball frani wheom he skied beck, and' lIe had to ietire; Tel. 8--11211. ' Sans then ap- 1 peeared, and a bye having bcenrun, the players adjourned to lunch, immediately on rising from a which the. game was resumed, Ballantyno r. c suming thie bowlilgfi. From Iris second bill I Sanms receivod 'hlis quiotus, being the ' only ;one 'who registered the dotostabl I " duck." The last man, Dr. Maddox, finished I thloe, over without scoring. In Ballantyne's next b'over Birrett got 3 for a fine drive to the fence,andl profitiiig by such a good examploe:tlo Doctor made a splundid hit to leg for a qlartette, follow ing it up by acnother in thie same place for a couple. Two byes were also run in the same over. - Barrett hlaviig scered four singles, and Doctor Maddox two, anda niaiden from Ballan. tyno followed. In Pamphilion's sncceding over Barrett made a neat cut for four. Anothler maiden was bowled by Ballantyne, in whilch tle Doctor rebeived two or thlrooe shavings. Barrett again got Pamphilion vaway for throe by a cut, and B3llantyno, who was now bowling like a "book' succeeded in adlding anothelr maiden to his analysis, Pamphilion thibs time followring suit. Barrett at length succeeded in getting a single offBallantyne, Dr, Maddox making a brace in theim slip in tlhe same over by rathller flakv lay. Anotlher single was credited to Barrett ya very shlarl one in thle slips off Pamplhilion, BaUantyno havingbowled a maiden. The Doctor I also got a single off the same bowler, by a nice draw,.which would have been moroe hald it not been stopped by Wyne, who had been fiolding imirably all titrough te iinnings. Ballantyne s Snext over bro'ghot is innings to a close, as from his fourth ball the Doctor gave a chance to Olevoerly, whichl was qcickly acceptod, '1. r Barrott carrying Iris bat after playing a brillian Sinnings of 5i. Next to ArtlIur's his play was L unquestionably thao finest on the~ grousod as he played with care and at the same never allowed 1 chance of seoring to pass., The tolegraph at the concalsion of, the innings showed the very satisfactory tbtal of 241.t TheoTasmanians'wore qltickly in the field to allow the Ballavatonlhin their innlngs, the.bowling being entrusted to Hogg and .Fuller.., The pIostlon of the players, being as follows :--Hogg bowler and third umnl, Fuller bowler and long slip,. Martin . long atop, Arthur print, Atkinson tquaro leg and cover, Samte longlog and civer, Glynn mid obfl Maddox ' mid on, Barrett wicket ooeeper, Cnllins short leg. Hunt and Pattplhilionwoere theo' first to reprctont, Ballarat the former receiving the first over from Hogg from the fourth ball of which lh broke the ice bv a couple in the slips. Fuler thlen opened fire to Pamphillon, who got 'a slpgle by a cut. Hunt also got one in 'thio' name over. Hogg's second was a maidoten Hunt then got two for a hit to long leg off PFllor, followinigwith a single from Hogg to long field, the oball not being particularly well fielded by, Atkinson. FulleroachandHogg bowledamaiden,. A byoand log bye, however, havinig boon run, HurIt in Fullor's next drb~v hfim for two, and cut himt for one, PamphilionInlio getting thiroo by a good hit to leg, servitlg Hogg the sae for' 'a like nuntber. HIunt also getting threeo by a head forward drivoe, and to lwhich they could have easily added anotheo if.theoy had run, a single having 'boon idddd b'tltho same batsman: Pani philion's career was at an end as he skied onoe in the air, whiclh aas well ,caught by Martin. Tel. 1-0-22.. By no means a bad begin 'ning, and the Ballarat thomomoter rises ten degrees. Cleverly joined Hunt,' and a maiden from Hogg, followed when the latter was sent to join Pamphilion, having beeoon smartly caught by Hogg. Telegraph-2-1l-2 1. Kilnor re ceved Ilis first over from Hogg, which was a maidon. Cleverly got three oil Fuller's seventh over by ii"good 'hit to long.field.' Another maiden from Hogg, and Kilnor broke the egg by a single to. third man off Fuller, adding another and a two in the succeeding over of Hogg's by a draw. This brought Cleverly facing Hogg, who gave him his quietus with a regular' trimmer, the ball just taking the bails. Tel. 3-3-30. Wynne was now Kilner's partner, and the play became very tano,, most of the runs being in singles, with occasionally a'modstly' got two. In Fuller's eleventh aovr'a little' lif was imparted int, the game by Kilncr getting four by' a well played ball in the slips, following immediately with a, single; and Wynneo in the same over driving him forward for three. This was, how ever, too .good to last, and Hogg in the next over bowled Wynne with a cannon. Tel. 4 6-43,' Ballantyno the Captain now appeared, and the usual clap was accorded him. He im mediately sot to work by cutting Hogg for a couplet Sams shallowing a very bad piece of field ing. , He also got one for a draw in tile sano over. 'A change in the bowling now took place, j Collins going on with Ilis slows at Fuller's end. Froinc'his first 'ball Ballantyno got five by a splendid hit to leg,. but in attempting a sixth 4 ho was very nearly run out. Kilnor also ran a single, and not profiting by the life which at tended Ballantyne the previous ball, started for a second when Barrett immediately had the bails off. Tel. 5-13-52. Norman was now Ballantyne's confrere ; Hogg having bowled a nmuiden, Ballantyne got five off the slows in the next over.' Another maiden from Hogg followed, and the slows again inet with a wart reception, Norman getting a couple and a single to cover, and Ballantyno three to log, Atlkinson showing a smart piece of fiolding. In the last ball of the over Collins cleanly bowled Norman, but having been no-balled, tile batsman received another i loeso of the wickets. In ]Iogg'senext over, Ilallantyno cut a ball very hard to point, when Daly distinguished himself by making a very smart catch close to the ground. Telegraph, 0-14-04. Gaggin, the next man, was imuno diatoly sent to join Ballantyno in the pavilion, as the second ball from Hogg scattered his ] timbers. ' Tolograpl', 7-0-04. Mann was next on the score. Norman; in Collins's next'( over, got a brace by a hlit to log ; in running out to another, however, lie missed it, and , Barrett had the bails off in a second. Telegraph, 8-7-00. 1Madden then appeared; the very first ball from Collins lhe played into Daly's ] hands at point, who, after indulging in several gymnastic feats, managed to hold it. Telegraph, 0-0--60. nMKenzio, the last man, arrived just in time to see his partner, Matn, stumpod by Barrett. A single only having been made by the last two batsmen, the innings closed for the small score of 07. The rules of a one day's match requiringtthemn to follow their innings, ] A1'Kenzie and'Kilnor were -soon at the wicket, i Collins and Hogg having charge of the leather, KileioF tiiolcthe 'first over fromlnIogg, which was a maiden. In attempting to play the slows ] eI'Kenzie managed to get his leg whlre his bat should have boon, and lihe had to retire, the telegraph showning the ignominious spectacle of 1-0--0. Paniphilion followed and broke the ice by a sharp single. It was now Kilner's turn to play the slows. 'He managed to get one to-gravel as far as Daly's hands at point, where it rested. Telegraph showing still worse spec tacle of 2-0--1. Norman followed and innme diatoly got a single off the slows, which finished the over. Hogg gave Norman his quietus in I his next over, his second ball taking. his off stump. Tel. 3-1-2. Tasmania now exceed ingly jubilant, and Ballarat correspondingly de jectod. A bye having boon run, Ballantyno, the next man, tried to place one down Samts's throat, } but the pill was refused. Pamphlilion now got a single hit which must have, resulted ill a run out for Ballantyne had .Barrett taken.tle ball. Patnphilion now got two in the slips off Ilogg, following it up by a splendid hit to leg for four. The board' now ' showed the firstton. Ariother three was put to Pam philioen's credit for a leg hit, and Ballantyne got a singlo by forward'play. Pamphilion and Ballantyno each got a single oil the slows; Pamphillio then cut Hogg for throe, and having made' a single off tihe slows in the in totrim, again hit him hard to leg, but through a capital piece of fielding on the part of Atkin son, only a single was registered. '"' The setimo batsman laving secured three off Collins, Bal lantyne, who had been pottering . about for some time doing nothing, opened his shoulders and hit the same bowler to leg for three. Both batsmen having now comfort ably settled down to work, a chlange was thought desirable, and.Glynn rolioved Coe lins. Pamphlilion got a single off his first ball, and Ballantynio alsob drove him to long-field for a couple, and in essaying the same tling skied one in the air, when Fuller displayed as good a piece' of fielding as rwas sheown throughout the iatchl by making a magnificent catch while in full swing, he hlaving run upwards of twenty yards to catch it., Telegraph, 4--11-37. Pam philion soon sought his late ebnipanion, having boon bowled ?tho very nexort' ball b Glynn. Tolegraplh, 5-24--37. Vynno an Cleverly were nows at the wicklets, FIngg having bowled a maidon, Cleverly made a clean hit ofl' Glynn to the pavilion for three. Atotlher maiden from Haogg and a byo lhaving.boon scored, Cleverly again got throee off GlyInn.by a hit to log, and Wrynno cut him for a single. Thel scoring now being too fast to pleaseo the Tasfianian captain, he again tried tlhe slows. Cloei'brly made a single off them, and Wynno,'in attempting a. hlard hit, put 'one into Arthur's hands, who was nowkeepming wicket. Telegraph, 6---1-40. Hunt now joined Cleverly, and both batsmen set to work in earnest, ind ' the "s' core' gradually mounted up. in Hogg's eleventh over, Hunt mads a clean forward drive for a quartetto. Rrns stil coming without the sign of a wrk:t, Bar rett is put on at Collins's end; Cleverly shortly afterwards gave an easy chance to Martin at ong on, but ohl I teoll it not in Gath, he missed t.. Both batsmen now score rapidly each giving Barrott's slows popper. Collins theon ung the changes on his bqgwlers, putting Glynn on at Hogg's gnd, and Daly at Barrett's. In he formeor's first attempt Hunt got five f r a splendid hlit to long on, doing ditto to ogly for thlree. A hard drive for four, and a hit to blong on for three oaif Olynn by the same bata man, broieghtthe score up to a hundred and two, wheto ii bdzii 7.o'elndk tl o sttump~ wero drawni The floldirit andibo?ling of the Ballarat toan o tho whole Was Al Nomanil t' ong-stoppini wmrtioularly, hut' fis "lfliu bitting of thi ToI;nansanns 'was too muchs , for thenh, am'1 the Reoro'lrpiill~ ' imfcraod 'dctpitu their efforl, in thu former, andl' tho numerous judicioum 'mnangs in. the latter. Although the battiul aid bowling of the Islanders were highly credit able to themo, with the exception of Martin', long-stopping (which was perfection, uvi. byec), we lnvo soon thon fluild much botter in formoir groat matches than they did on Thursday. Mr R. H. Douglas acted ks sumpirc and Mr Cowell as .scoror for Tasnmania, Mii Winglield and Mr H, G. Spcour respoctively acting for, Ballarit; whilo Mr Ballantyne cap to tlio Ballarat teiam and Mr Collins the TasmanIan nelven. , : .: -At the donclusion of tho match both teams adjourned to thu puvilion.whoro desert was laid; after partaking of which Mr Collins prooosod the health -ofthp dBallarot eleven, coupling with the toast the ninmu of .Mr J. L. :Ballantyno; their captain. Mr Ballniatyno, in uesponding in a fow brief remairks acknowledged that' they had been fairly" blioten; and as anmmenonto of their victory handed their captain, Mr Collinst a liandsomo now bat, The toast was mrank with lhonors. The health of the umpires and scorers also Ihaving lboenl honored, the two tamsns re turned to town. , Time not permitting the match to be played out, it wash lofcourao :blaimed by Tasmania on the result of the first innings. Annoxed is a detailed account of the scores. with the runs madoe-. TA5IfANIA. T. Hogy 1132321, Mann, h Gaggin - 13 J. Martin 21, b Gaggin - - - - 3 W. T. Glynn 112, b Hurst - - - 4 J. Arthur 22321132323235134111432151134 22231221111, a Norman, b Ballentyno - 87 W; 'A. Collins, 1132113113323131311, e M'Kenzic, b Hunt - - - - 35 E. Fuller, 21112112, o and b Kilnor - - 11 T. Barrett, 1311211211113121131121111213 11114311, not out, - - 54 T. Daly, 13, a Wynno, b IBallantyno - 4 T. Atkinson, a and b Ballantyno - - 1 W. Sams, b Pamphilion - - - - 0 Dr. Manddox, 421121, a COoverly, b Ballan " tye -- - ..11 Byes, 2211112 - 10 Log-byes, 1111 -- 4 ides, 1111 - -- - - 4 Total - - - 241 d lysia nf Bowling.-Gaggin bowled 2wides 102'balls, 41 runs, 3 maidens, 2 wickets. Hunt, fast,. 54 balls, 24 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wickets; slow, 30 balls, 22 runs. Pamphilion, 204 balls, 50 runs, 12 maidens, 1 wicket. Cleverly, 1 wide, 18 balls, 13 runs. Hilnor, 1 wide, 30 balls, 12 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket. Wynne, 30 balls, 12 runs. Ballantvne, 88 balls, 31 runs, 1 maiden, 4 . wickets; M'Kenzio, 12 balls, 0 runs, 1 maiden. , BALLARAT First Innings. H, Hunt, 2112131, a Hlogg, b Fuller - - 11 C. Pamphilion, 1233, c Martin, b Fuller - A. Cleverly, 3, I Hogg - . 3 J.'D. Kilner, 12121411, run out - - 1 C. Wynne, 1113, b IIogg - - 0 J. L. Ballantyno, 2152211, c Daly, b Hogg 14 P. Norman, 2122, at Barrett, b Colins - 7 T. W. Gaggin, b HIogg - - - 0 T. Mann, at Barrett, b Collins - - - 1 D. Madden, o Daly, b Collins - - - 0 R. J. M1'Konzio, not out - - - 0 Bye - - - - - - 1 Leg bye - - - - - 1 No ball - - - - - 1 67 Second Innings. R. J. M'Konzie, lbw, b Collins- - - 0 J. Kilnor, c Daly, b Collins . . - 0 0\. Pamphilion, 11243131121211, b Glynn - 24 P. Norman, b Hogg - - - 1 J. L. Ballantyno, 111332, e Fuller, b Glynn 11 0\. Wynno, a Arthur, b Collins - - - A. Cloverly, 331231121111331, not out - 27 H. Hunt, 141131314115343, not out - - 30 Bye, - - B Log bye, - - - Total with six wickets down - 1.2 dinalysis of .Bowling.-First innings-H-ogg 98 Iills, 22 runs, 8 nmaidns, 4 wickets. Fuller, 00 balls, 20launs, 2 maidens, 2 wickets. Collins, 1 no ball, 27 balls,' 10 runs, 3 wickots.-Second innings-Hogg bowled 90 bhalls, 35 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wickct: Collins, 54 balls, 25 runs, 3 wickets. Glynu, 30 balls, 22 runs, 2 wickets. Brroett, 18 balls, 14 suns. Daly, 0 balls, 3 runs. 