S T A JN" DING AT BAY, AN ORIGINAL TALE, BT G. A. WALSTAB, t Author of "Fierce Charlton's Wives," etc. W&&TBH; EXPKESSLT FOB "THE WSEXLT TlKES," ' Will shortly be commenced. : DENE HOLLOW. f.oO h. # . BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST LYNNE." \- : , Chaptbr XY. — Seen by Moonlight. — ( Continued.) Well, Randy Black was not the only one to see I the.ghost that night. And if the reader despises j me for repeating these stories of superstition, I can plfead'but one apology — that I am relating only.iiat abshutely passed, " the events of thm really "true ale. The 'other one to see it wiw j WilUam Owen. 1 The flying reports, that Robert Owen's spirit could not reBt, had annoyed greatly the inmates ( of Harebell Farm, as was only natural. Even superstitious Mary Barber, burying her private conviction sin regard for the honour of the family, I prol||id fax and wide that it could not be true. Noe.'ioi ihem had seen anything to warrant it up j to th»Mne: not even William, who was often J aoroad at njght on his land, but not on that part of it that lay towards the Trailing Indian ; the ery fact that the ghost was said to hahnt those fielcfeaffepecially the fcwe-acre meadow, caused himjdgiWput, sheep there. The ehepherd ab solutely refused to go near the spot at night, Oh'this evening William Owen had gone on footfo jfarmhouse, a mile or two beyond the Trailing Indian. Mary Barber had got a nice | bit ofhofc Clipper ready for him, and when «»<» o'cloqk aok she wondered how much longer Le meautto be. Soon afterwards she heard his foot- steps.-aud opened the back door to admit Mm. Oopld it be the moonlight that made his face looYeo white? He took no notice of her, but | walked -etdght into the best kitchen where his supper was laid. ' What's the matter now ?M oried Mary Barbers following him, and gazing in surprise at his strange ©oantfe-aanCe. " Be ypu too sick, Mr. William r" Hisfoce-was whiter than death : he was-wiping j the fotajBturVfrom itiwith a trembliiigliand. Alary Barber saw that mo light matter was" stirring him. " What it it P" ehe said, -sinking her voice to a whisper.jLh seemed to partake of his own dread emotaoni s I K I hpVeseen my father," was his low answer. w Nol she exclaimed. I _ " Mary, as true as that you and I are here. uving, I saw him. There's no mistake about it. He lpoked exactly as I've seen him look a bun- ia life : his old cap on, and bis white beard flowing." « Heaven be good to us !" cried Mary. " Where was this ?" "I crossed over the stUe opposite the Trailing TwfcR006 6 8traigbt over the fields," wd Wilhkm Owen « Ju,t ehe narrow path , tr8el! and fence above the I f .hai;oed to !«>k back, and there, standing mth u. taBk against the trees, looking after ml aaUMemed leawmyfathe,. I .too/m, turned to stone, Mary, not knowing T Laliava Whether to go for'ard orbaok'ard, or where fctin to, endthsre « stood, the two ntue .taring at another. _ The next moment the thing TO 1 ranuhed mto air as it seemed to me ; and I lam. away, leaping hedges and ditehes. «ame i Mary Barber caught up her breath with weasu - her young master bent his head on the face of the ! old-fa8|ied mantelpiece. Presently he spoke gain. ... . u I hiave been thinking whether there was any thing to cause me to look back : any sound or that. ,0t' could hardly hare been chance." " Npy, 'twas no chance, Mr. William. I — wonderwhat— it can want?" she slowly added. WiH|am Owen could not say what, any more than she could. All he knew was, that he would give haifof his future life not to have been sub- j ctea to the terror — to the distress — to the calamity altogether. 1 . - i \ " You should have gone up and asked it, Mr. William." William Owen looked at her, a strange horror in his eyes. " I'd not have done it for that tureen full of sovereigns," he said, pointing to the large soup tureen on the dresser. " Ware I ever to see it again, Mary, I could net stay jrahe " It's an awful thing." 'V'- f "Take care that you keep it from my mother, Mary.'' as well As her," was ; Maqrtier'sswer.fi.' /' Hbvbver3 thBtory gdt wind, at leasta suspicion of it. AMtd to the moreublic account of what had befdlen RandBlack, it WaB enough to frighten a tiruid fieighbourhood, and people grew to hare a mortal dread of Harebell Lane after the dark had fallen. Chapter XYI. — Yeby Much of a Waif. " Grandma!" Mrs, Owen, .who had dropped into a doze in her easy chair, did not hear.the call. The handle of the door (rather a difficult one to open) was twisted this way and that by little fingers,«nd the appeal came again. " Grandma ! Won't you let me in, grandma ?" "Is it my dear little Baby Toml" cried Mis. Owen, rising to admit the intruder. Baby Tom, it was, poor Geoffry's orphan boy. Mrs. Owen tottered back to her seat, the child in her hand. She was always weak and ill, as her most delicate and gentle face betrayed. Never strong, the calamitous death of her husband, and the subsequent death of her daughter, had been nearly fatal to her. She certainly lived on : but it was as a woman who has nearly done with this world, whose whole thoughts are in the next. She took off the child's straw hat — a broad- brimmed bat with a bit of yellow ribbon tied round the crown. Lifting .him on her knee, ehe pushed baok the golden hair from his open fore head, and gased into his earnest, dark blue ejes. He was little for his age ; three years old on the previous day — fortbis was the morning following the events related in the last chapter — he might have been taken for not iaueh more than two : but, as is sometimes the case with these small bodies, the mind was unusually advanced. But for his exceedingly retiring disposition, the shy, modest, sensitiveness of his nature, with its in variably accompanying quality, reticence, he might have been that most undesirable thing a precocious child. His gentle manners saved him from it. As if divining somewhat of the peace of Mrs. Owen's inward life, theboy when with her was ever more gentle than at other times. otranoAlv thoughtful, quiet, and tractable. It has been said that this story is not one of ideal fiction : and people were wont to remark to one another during this, the later portion of Mrs. O wen'sy ears , that I her life la-y in heaven. While she was looking at J those wonderful eyes— and the child really had such, they were so beautiful — he began to cry. " Why, Tom, what is it ?" "Grandpapa rode away without me. Susan wouldn't make haste with my things, and be did i not wait. When I cried, she said I wanted a shakiu." " Did Susan bring you here ?" " No. I came." Mrs. Owen need scarcely have asked the question. The child had come off without super fluous ceremony, in his brown holland pinafore and old straw hat : Susan would have dressed him first. ' j " Will you read me a Bible story, grandma ?" " Ay," said Mrs. Owen. " Run and fetch the book." .' : There were Bible stories for children in those days jnsfc as there are in these ; but they did not get read so much. Mrs. Owen took care that Topi should hear them. He could just reach the little book from the side-table, and brought it to I her. He was so fond eif hearing one of the stories j that the book opened ofitself at the place — Christ 1 forgiving the thief on the cross. His little tongue, j its language imperfect as yet, was never tired of asking questions: sometimes Mrs. Owen's in genuity was puzzled to answer. But it was not only that she read to him : that was 'the least part. The stoiy over, she would close the book, and talk to him, as on this day, in a loving winning gentle voice. Talk to him of , heaven and the glorious happiness of those who should attain to it: of what he muet do in this world, or rather try to do, if he would be one of them : of patience in long-suffer ing j of loving kindness to others j of self-sacrifice j for their benefit; of truth, and honour, and generosity : all in language suited to his years, but quite clear and forcible. She would imprff j upon him the great fact that God was ever near lum, watching,- guiding, hearing, seeing him : and she contrived so to imbue him with te belief in God's Joving pare, that the child trusted to it beyond any earthly thing. When a strtneer, spending the day' with Sir Dene, bnoe asfche kqd what he most wished for expecting he I -would say some choice toy— a sword, a wheel- .T' or -a bit), .the- answer was, that he might be good And gp t» heaven,. Sir Dene laughed and hissed him: the stranger thought what au odd little boy, " Oh but I these early lessons did him good service in after years ; without them he might never have borne 1 the indignities oast on him. I 'Grandma, I'll never be naughty. "Never:" ,; en J®6 fc0 weil what the corruptions of the human heart are, and the temptations of the world : she only smiled sadly in answer. I 'f Was mamma ever naughty ?" "Oh yes." 3 "And papa?" "Yea." " But they went to heaven !" wu'tZ' wenfc vejr7nrar together, too, The ttuef ou the cross had been very, very naughty; j but the moment he asked Jesus to forgive him Jesus did, you see. ' frlrUf!"k,jVfy 1 m nauflbty," sail the child after a thoughtful pause. Grandpa Owen went! « v> yn ll.go, grandma. And I'U go." But you must grow up to be a aim do a I don't know. H-we do itwiii tJ. » "Yoe,»greatdeaI. AndlhaTBliftdlobwiMerr S0 ;„8l>T' ,an.d 'iokneM, Qod'a loving help, Tom r "ShT Wm,a haTO «ot ' u v 3J?' a gwrt deal P" u ""i " »» to hare it, eoaner or latoia, . " - ' J ' - " ' ' - - Don't forget what I have told you Tom— that God often Bends the most to those be loves the beBt. You must be very brave, in Ullthiiige." "Yes, I'll be brkve," answered unconsoious Tom. was over. He jumped down, and PpMaiy Barber. Mary urber, preserv- idllah»OUtf ib the back kitchen, and also sadly distcirbed, byWilliam Owen's communication of the previous night, was too busy to Lave Isiaure for Tom. Spreading some of the hot jam upon a slice of bread, she told him to run into the garden and eat it. - Tom was making for the garden in nil dutiful obedience — never a more implicitly obedient child than he— but William Owen'e dog, Sharp, oaine barking up to him in play. It would go info a fit of delight at sight of the child. The dog ran;| and Tom after it, neglecting his jam, until "tbby - reached the gates at Harebell Lane. Sharp j bounded over the little one, and knocked down a little girl in pifakcot£bn : bofinet And tittered j frock. To&q; with inherent gallantry, ran to pull j her up. It was thatjehild, mentioned a few chapters ago, j who had been born at the Trailing Indian the night of Robert Owen's disappearance. She was called Emma Geach. Before the mother was j strong enough to leave the inn, Mrs. Black fell ill j with rheumatic fever ; the woman undertook to 1 nurse her, and to do the work. The illness was a j long one, some months in duration, and Mrs. | Geach stayed on. After that she would go away j and come again by fits and starts ; but did not I take her child. The child had never been away I from the inn yet : for all that could be seep to j the contrary, it seemed likely to be her permanent home. Mrs. Black liked the child, and would j have kept her always. Black did not like her. I He was almost savagely angry at her being left 1 there : but gossip said, he did not dare to turn her out or insiBt too strongiy on her removal, lest Mrs. Geach in revenge should betray some of the secret doings of the Trailing Indian. " Don't cry ; don't cry," said Tom. "Til give yon some bread and jam." The child stood up at the -tempting offer, and ceased roaring. Born six months before Tom, she looked at least a twelvemonth elder : a tell child, with chubby red cheeks and eyes of so re markably light a shade that they might have been called white, rather than blue. Tom tore asunder his piece of bread and jam, and gave her the largest half Whether Miss Geach was starved at the Trail ing Indian, or that damson jam was amidst luxuries unknown to her, certain it was that she gobbled up the piece in a wonderful fashion. | It disappeared before Tom bad finished his first bite. " I want some more," she said, fixing her greedy little eyes ou the rest. So Tom, never hesitating, broke in again, but not so deftly as before : the soft and the jam fell to one part, the dry crust, unjammed, to the other. He handed the best to the child, and nibbled away at the dry crust. j " What's your name ?" asked Tom. I " Emma. What's yours ?" " Tom. Where d'you live ?" "Up there," ehe ansewred, pointing along the lane. ' I've got a whistle at home; '11 you come and see himf " Whistles are charmingly tempting things, and | Tom yielded without question. The two children ran up the lane comparing notes. Tom's NoahV ark and picture book, and a whip with a green handle ; against Miss Geaeh's whistle. The dog, sharing the crust with Tom, leaped beside them, i Randy Black met them close to the inn. j "Helloa!— who have ye got here, you little I wretch ?" cried he to the girL And she, who teemed toLave plenty of assurance fpj: her years, (or, the inmates of the Trailing . In dianwore j wont to put it, " stock") answered boldly, without I sign of fear. j " j r Y' u hi.'' i. " I'm a-going to show him iny whistle." I Black had spoken before he well gave a look to I the boy ; immediately he knew him for the little j grandson of Sir Dene Clan waring, and of the dead I master of Harebell Farm. h#) BAOtl lli«w 1 1 abroad often enough since his babvhood. with j Susan Cole or -Sir Dene. iJ 1 I " ThiB here baiot bo place for little gentlefolk, J master j you'd best run home again. As tp you, you young pig,'' he Added to the girl, " if ybh I bring stray children here again, I'll souse your j ears in the horse. trough." 'j Mayn't I see the whistle ?" asked Tom, who hap not understood a word in ton. j Wait, wfil yer," cried independent Miss Snimato Tom. " Tfl bring liim out." Blfipk pid not interfere to prevent it. He was bey, and whistling softly.' 1 ' « W® Yery e|it o you're father/' said he. j Baran%esj; same hair, same fooe. He'd ha fie a second Sir Dene in looks : soil you. Not pad ups, them eyes o' youm." j , !I JUl the little boy'e answer to this was to look _up pt the man' with these i selfsame eyes. Even I Biackj the hardened, could but note, you see, 1 their kindly nature, sd full of sweetness. - | What's your name?" he went on, less roughly than he was giVen to speE&. ; ; ; ® I "Tom." ; 7 " Bain'fc it Dene ? Nor Gehffry P" " It's Tom," repeated the boy. i " Where's your hat P . j " I left it at grand mtfq,' j ilie oatler appeared in the yard, and called otit som question to his master about Porn. , As $lack I givG fe0 . Euuna iran out with the whistle, wbing shrifty with all her might. Black bade her " hush her noise," and gave her a box on the ears, which Sent her stag- germg and threw down the whistle. Perhaps she waB used to be boxed, for she did not cry or complain : only waited till he was a few paces from her, and then picked up the whistle. A rough wooden toy with streaks of paint across it, that J Mrs. Black had bought of a man at the door for a j halfpenny. . wit been of ivory, mounted in ivory, mounted i S , B could not have seemed more precious ur usue xom. jute whistled, and she whistled, takilg L by turns: long discordant Bhricpe enougbtBteffgighten the cows grazing over the way Owen's field. MrsrwA eame to the aoor to see what the cause of the noise might be ; a poor, pale woman more shrunken and meek thin ever sinoe her long bout f xLeumatio fever— which had left her fingers Lwotod. useintoe ShSLaiid perhaps that was 4 " taw £m- ild Was safer in mate than an older toman might be. "Emma, wt dnanded Mm. Black— ust asBlack ad done, u.. .. J3ie histls absorbing for En»qft to J ./v answer immediately. At about the fifth repeti tion of the question she turned round. ' " His name's Tom." Mrs. Blaok came slowly out. Her feet were affected as well as her fingers, in short, she was nojf not much betsr than a cripple. She had beito) to talk to the jldten pleasanty enough wlfopBlaok came bacfe%d sent the group flying : Mrs; plaok and, the gi|%' doors Tom off, down hold on ye," was his paring injuaetiiHA yo Tom. " Them's lots on 'en this here pte some- Y-Ci/:-. v 1 1 4 I Tomran along the bail with all ft Opeed of j his little legs. He was constitutionally brave; wand by the time he turned the corner, the kid- I happers were forgotten. On either side the lane blackberries grew in abundance, and Tom helped himself at will : scratching his hands, and. staining Ihisfadearid pinafore crimson. ? Vfhat vMi|£e| marks left by the jam and the running juice of | the blackberries, Tom might have bad his portrait tekeaas eomethingto beztaredl&t.; In this con- i d ition he was pounced upon by Susan Cole. . Susan at once administered a couple of shakings. The one for going off on the loose ; it was her own expression ; the other for the crimson state he bad put himself into. Tom, full of contrition looked -down at his hands and pinafore s and then offered Susan some choice berries squeezed up in ' his fingers. Susan, instead of accepting the treat with gratitude, flung up his hand and sent tbe blackberries flying. " You ondacious, naughty boy ! Where's your hat ?' " It's on the table at grandma's." Pulling him along by the hand to the farm, Susan Cole dashed into toe back kitchen, where Joan happened to be washing, and lathered his face and hands well with soapsuds. Then she got bis nat and took him off again. "Now look you here, Master Tom," she said, as they crossed the lane and entered the back gates—" if you take to go off by yourself, nobody knows where, a frightening me into fiddlestrings and getting yourself into this shocking pickle, I'l run away and leave you. I won't stay at the Dene no longer to serve an ungrateful little boy." I Tom was very quiet during the afternoon, plav- ! ing with Noah's ark and the the animals, and giving no trouble to anybody. The servants were busy that day, for company was coming to the Dene. Lady Lydia Clan waring, the wife oi Captain Clan waring, Sir Dene's youngest son, hat just landed from India, with her three children, and her arrival at the Dene might happen at any hour : to-day, to-morrow, the next day. 8ir Dene expected her to make a long visit, and looked forward with pleasure to an event that would break the monotony of his home. . Dene reached home for dinner, kept it wait- % Tom's quick ears, on the alert for the sound, heard the horse's hoofe, ran out, and met them halfway down the avenue. lh© groom behind dismounted, lifted the child np in front of his master, and Tom was j back m triumph. " Master Tom will dine with me," said Sir I Dene to Gander, as he led him indoors. So toe child eat beside the baronet chattering however, more than eating, for he had jart had | his tea. No longer the young vagabond all black- berry stains, scouring toe lanes at will, bareheaded and bare- armed, but a beautiful little prince in enmson velvet, with a fallen plaited frill of snow- white cambric on his neck, and his bright curls hanging down in a shower qf gold. Snsan Cole took wre to drew him always towards evening, in rase Sir Dene should ask for l»»m. : "Emma's got a whistle, grandpa;" said Tom when they were left alone at dessert. l' replied the baronet, pot m the least knowing, or caring, whom "Fdiiha" might be. T I wish I had one.'' green d bine, grandpa. Jf Tell Susan to go to Hurst Leet to-morrow . A8d buyyou one. was the onRVAc nf iiiiV n..., ? I «» S? fh« woa,V Sbe'«ngiy with ine ®a®e ray hands and face dirty with I the, blackberries, and spoilt my pinafore," c m Sit Itoiie laughed; A 'very venial offend I „ u ere 8 anotIJ®f walnut for you, Tom. Peel-it: j qvefi, yon rascal." . r „ Tomat away at bisifinuir wriing ltie Spme mbre water, |fieaso, grand I I tor Dene poured out some Wateri He waa PMeenongh to knowtoat wine miff ' ' 1 y: BmW gave W tofoe jann grapapa. Sharp knocked Emma down, and ,4 ranmotion ouUide.etopped the historW0 Ufce60U?4ie?8a/ dimguished from that of a chaise-and-pafr) had lattered xS» fegs tewltodj servaAte ran ; Gander rushed into the dininw-Voam. " J '''Sir'Dene toW he,ll!H lay u 1 Lydia rante'" Andireawent fotb the hall , _ 4<-> .>l .sr-vv- u»%t- I'.jo ti Ij wa® iody Lydia Clan waring ;a tell nmnriti 3 womanf twp prthree diS(M>ntentod face, sharp features, keen, black eyes, and thin comprewed lips. 45' followed her, blaok-eyed and Nck-hiired ; ; toe eldes a girL seven wears Aid. two And live. Ae if fatigued Willi1 toe ionriieyhey j v ,« UP ftona Portsmouto — Lady Lydia. AUnk on a chair as Mon as Hw I mitewd the dining-room. The children as J to tot table, and stodd oyeing eagerijT toe Mod I toinjeonit. j r v " They'd like some dessert, Gander," spoke Sir Bend. Bring plates." ' T: and bonnets were thrown on the flock. J The children dragged chairs to toe table. and esated themselves without further ocremonj. Tom, who had shyly retreated to the bictejymV at the large influx, remained unseen. ! " Take ewe toat everything is brought in, . Te» raraoraed out Lady Lydia to her inaid, in toe same hard, thrill voioe that had na«d rikhv SSL 9ld after h» «». »ta taniM>»4 Jp hfo out there, and last season was a frighlf , ot one. No, Jarvis, you co»t have more wine ; you are going to have supper. Good gracious, Louisa, don t crack that walnut with your teeth! MTU, crack it for your sister." "Crack it for her, Otto" ' -r-4 1 imperiously, to his brethei I one cracked the walnut. 1 ''Captain Clanwarinv Bftv. 1 of his getting Jeave None i m>eH 1 The worMied 1 She had I Dene agaiid stoMedj« 1 I TA- J? infaDr»««g, loDBlWth, I Lvdia knew. Th«r« u. k l She thought she had heard, as tto SvT 1 it, k tort et k travem. i "What grandson ? Who is he Si.n 1 Sirr Dene answered toy tekine 1 ;faee- ita.lri, .Urt b| ;1 you ars'" v ' It's Tom," smd the child. " Tom Cjan waring/'' Hne, " Well— now tell who von ara " ; s7 torDene, pleased with the word. t faSlf. X-djlydi.Wto,! I i " He is the son of my dear bov flnnir 1 Aee&eeA; gone. Lad, 1, I to me as a legacy. 1 It took Indy Lydia a miniite or tw© L 1 tbe words— and toe did not follv j .fen then. Th.t Owffry d.ng'S j some low marriage before his death 1 disgrace on himself and the cWw 1 sbe knew John the heir had sent S 1 of the calanuty to India : Captain CanwkI08 1 been ouite as indienant as .TnhTi 9 baok bis opinion of matters to Sir DeJn rT 1 see this fair aristocratic child, aristocnforLr1 I as in looks, sitting on Sir Dene's knee Um1® 1 him, and evidently at home at Beeohhuatfl I I did not quite at once recover her eqaanJaifr ' I Does he— live here?" she asked iheoAL, I ing amazement. tatoring tay?'" iDt%». r Aj\e ey wenfe withrn three montiu efswk uw nuea wite team-ltoi AAe Argosy. " (to as conronixD.) | 