A Tour to the South. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ON THE BILLABONG. THE Billabong (aboriginal "billa," small watercourse) is a long creek flowing between the Murray and Mur- rumbidgee, along vast plains, and into the Edward River. The Billabong blacks were regarded as a very intelligent tribe, but unfortunately they are now rapidly dwindling away. I have been informed by a gentleman long resident in tho district that within thc past ten years, over 200 aboriginals, fine young fellows, have been taken to Queensland for the native police force there. Many of them have died there ; and very few return to their native districts. Leaving Deniliquin, the nearest township is Conargo. For the first eight miles small plains and belts of timber are crossed, and a public-house called "The Eight Mile" is passed. Seven miles further and the monotony of the scene is relieved by a pine forest, which the road passes through. The bright green of the leaves of the pine is pleasant to look at in the warm weather, when everything else on the plains is parched and dried up. A farm house (Bishop's) is here, and a few miles further there is a very comfortable hotel called the "Forest Creek." It is built of pine, and contains ten rooms ; Mr. Thomas Stalley is the host. Following a track from the Forest Creek Bridge, below the hotel, a pleasant ride of three miles over the plains brought me to a belt of timber. Entering this belt at a gate, and cantering along a natural avenue, there opened out on some clear ground the residence of Miles Patterson, Esq., J.P. The station is erroneously called Boonoke, its proper name being Mooloka. The house and grounds, nicely situated in the midst of a pine forest, present a picture of rural comfort. The barns, stables, men's huts, and out build- ing are principally in the rear ; while peeping between the trees the overseer's cottage, also of pine, with garden, is seen. Having the advantage of being on a flat level country with no hills as a protection, expedi- ents are adopted to keep off the heat. For storing purposes there is a well arranged underground house ; and for dairy a treble walled pine-house is in use. The temperature is always very low in it. The Billabong flows by the door. It is often bank high. To facilitate crossing, considerable ingenuity is shown by Mr. Patter son which might be taken advantage of in other places. Having selected two large trees, one on each bank 100 feet across, a wire suspension bridge is made to span the Billabong, and is attached to each treo. The bridge is a novel one, having wire side or hand rails, and, wire cross pieces acting as pedals, with pieces of board at intervals along the bottom, the wire being light fencing wire, only No. 6. Beginners find that crossing and maintaining one's equilibrium is a difficult task, though the ladies of Mooloka cross easily. Mr. Patterson is about erecting another good suspension bridge, of a like description, but using No. 2 wire. Crossing the suspension bridge, a short walk brought us to the Mooloka woolshed. This is a capital structure of pine throughout. It is built in the form of a T, and its dimensions are 120 by 50 feet. The flooring of pine is almost too good for the use to which it is devoted. Wilding's wool-press (travelling box) is used. The yards in connection are capitally planned, and the shed consequently is easily worked at the busy time of shear- ing. Strolling through the grounds we next examined the traveller's accommodation hut, one of the startling necessities of Riverina. Capital shelter, beds, &c;, are here arranged for those on "the wallaby track," the curse of Riverina. Some show their gratitude by making firewood of their bedsteads. Many squatters keep a cook specially for these travellers, and 1000 meals a year is considered by some pastoral proprietors a light tax. Of course there are many honestly in search of employment during the idle months, but unfortunately there are some who, to use the hackneyed phrase, are "begging for work and praying to God not to find it to do." The following is part of a song which lashes these loafers unmercifully : Hurrah for a lazy life ; Hurrah for nothing to do ! Hurrah for the ninnies who give me bread, And find me 'bacev too ! Thc world is full of fools, MOOLOKA STATION BILLABONG. Industrious as the bee ; But I will do nothing, and do it well, And that is enough for me, Loaf, loaf, loaf, In winter, or summer bright. And loaf, loaf, loaf, From Sunday to Saturday night. Smoke, and tucker, and sleep, Sleep, and tucker, and smoke. So long as I've these I'll take very good care Not to work a single stroke. 'Tis true I was taught a trade, But then I'm a regular shirk ; A white-livered car that feigns any excuse To shuffle away from work : Now it's a pain in the head, And now it's a scratch or a boil ; Anything, nothing, a truth or a lie, To sneak out of honest toil. Loaf, loaf, loaf, &c;, &c.;, &c.; Men of this class amuse themselves kicking their heels in the sun, lolling under shady trees all day, and at sundown assume the garb of wayworn travellers, and approach the stationholder with "Mister, I'm very tired, can I stop to-night ? A reply in the negative will at once bring down the indignation of such men. Occa- sionally the owner of the station is put out of temper by the heavy demand of his hospitality, and a refusal to accommodate any more has been met with the cool rejoinder: "I would'nt wonder if your paddocks ketched fire some night"—thereby threatening dire revenge on the squatter, by setting fire to his grass and destroying his fences. To resume the description of Mooloka and its stock and appliances : I was next shown a splendid black horse called " The Swell." His sire is Fisherman, and his dam is Coquette. The Swell stands 17 hands high, has a beautiful head and fine limbs, and is exceedingly docile. Passing through a pine forest to the right of the house we came upon the stock and killing yards, the latter filled with one of Weston's capital 30 cwt. pulleys. The stock yards are erected of pine timber, and though light they look very strong and faithfully built. The station is all fenced in, and a vast sum of money has been expended in dams, and other improvements every- where visible. One dam alone, pointed out to me, cost over £600. The books of the station show that during the past ten years upwards of £20,000 has been expended in improvements. The area of the Mooloka station is twelve by seventeen miles, and it has a front- age of about twelve mile to the Billabong. Before leaving Mooloka I will refer to one of the most extraordinary and interesting birds on the Billa- bong, viz., the spotted bower bird. Rambling with Mr. Patterson, on a fine day, through a young planta- tion of pines, outside the garden fence, we came upon "a covey" of these birds. In giving a short notice of the appearance and habits of the bower-bird I cannot do better than make use of Mr. Gould's graphic sketch : The spotted bower bird has the crown of the head, ear- coverts, and throat of a rich brown, each feather sur- rounded hy a narrow line of black ; a beautiful band of elongated rose pink feathers cross the back of the neck, forming a broad fan-like occipital crest ; all the upper surface, wings and tail are of a deep brown ; every feather of the back, scapularies, and secondaries tipped with a large round spot of rich buff ; the primaries are slightly tipped with white ; the feathers of the flanks are marked with faint transverse zig-zag lines of light brown the bill and feet are of a dusky brown ; and the bare skin at the corner of the mouth is thick, prominent, and of a deep flesh colour. One point of no ordinary interest to the naturalist and general admirer of nature is the formation of a bower-like structure, by this bird, for the purpose of a playground, hall of assembly, or some such purpose but for what particular use these curious bowers are made is not yet fully understood ; they are certainly not used as a nest, but as a place of resort for many individuals of both sexes. When they are there assem- bled they run through and around the bower in a sportive and playful manner ; and do this so frequently that the place is seldom entirely deserted. The one at Mr. Patterson's, Mooloka, was an avenue-like structure about ten feet long among the young pines. Outwardly built of twigs, the base consisted of an extensive and rather convex platform of sticks firmly interwoven ; the interior was beautifully lined with tall grasses so disposed that the heads nearly met ; the decorations were very profuse, and consisted of bivalve shells, crania of small mammalia, and other bones. Evident and beautiful indications of design were mani- fest throughout the whole of the bower ; and also in the decorations formed by these birds, particularly in the manner in which the stones were placed within the bower, apparently to keep the grasses with which they were lined fixed firmly in their places. These stones diverged from the mouth of the avenue on each side, so as to form little paths for the birds to run. An immense collection of decorative materials, bones, shells, &c.;, were placed in a heap before the entrance of the avenue ; this arrangement being the same at both ends. As the bower-birds feed exclusively upon seeds and fruits, the shells and bones could not have been collected for any other purpose than ornament ; beside, it is only those that have been bleached perfectly white in the sun, or such as have been roasted by the natives, and by this means whitened that attract their attention. The collection, and trans- portation of these heavy bones, &c.;, must be a task of great labour and difficulty. There were about a dozen bower-birds at this rendezvous, running and playing about. Leaving Mooloka, Mr. Patterson kindly accompanied me for several miles up the Billabong. About three miles from the station we came to Conargo (the aborig- inal name is Gooriara (meaning "Hopping or Kangaroo Ground"), twenty-two miles from Deniliquin. Conargo is a small village, and has three hotels, and a store and post-office, both the latter being carried on by Henry Levy and Co. There is one respectable hotel at Conargo, kept by Mr. Ross. Almost adjoining the village is the station and residence of Mr. F. Parker, and a few miles beyond, Mr. Robert Patterson's. Neither of these gentlemen were at home, so a description of their station must be deferred till a future time. When half-way across a plain I bid adieu to Mr. Patterson, and continued the journey alone. For twelve weary miles across the plains the country was uninter- esting. It was evening when I got to a pine forest, in which was Currabungannung, the station of Mr. Robert Blackwood. I was most hospitably entertained there, and in the morning I had an early start. Eight miles from Mr. Blackwood's I came to Coree station, Wilson Brothers', and the remaining twelve miles to Jerilderie was ridden over in the afternoon. The track lay across a sandy desert or plain, and the day was blazing hot. My guide from Coree was a huge black-boy called Jacob, whose fatness seemed to make him too lazy to speak, or give information. Under these circumstances I could echo the words in the follow- ing poem : Afar in the desert I love to ride, With the silent bush-boy alone by my side : When the sorrows of life the soul o'ercast, And, sick of the present, I turn to the past ; And the eye is suffused with regretful tears. From the fond recollections of former years ; And the shadows of things that have long since fled. Flit over the brain like the ghosts of the dead— Bright visions of glory that vanished too soon— Day- dreams that departed ere manhood's noon— Attachments by fate or by falsehood reft Companions or early days lost or left And my Native Land ! whose magical name Thrills through my heart like electric flame ; The home of my childhood-the haunts of my prime ; All the passions and scenes of that rapturous time, When the feelings were young and the world was new, Like the fresh bowers of Paradise op'ning to view ! All—all now forsaken, forgotten, or gone ; And I, a lone exile remembered of none, My high aims abandoned, and good acts undone— Aweary of all that is under the sun ; With that sadness of heart which no stranger may scan I fly to the desert afar from man. Afar in the desert I love to ride, With the silent bush-boy alone by my side, When the wild turmoil of this wearisome life, With its scenes of oppression, corruption, and strife ; The proud man's scorn and the baseman's fear ; And the scorner's laugh, and the sufferer's tear ; And malice and meanness and falsehood and folly, Dispose me to musing, and dark melancholy, When my bosom is full and my thoughts are high, And my soul is sick with the sufferer's sigh— Oh, then ! there is freedom, and joy, and pride. Afar in the desert alone to ride. Approaching Jerilderie, my thoughts were diverted by a magnificent sight in the distance. The day was intensely hot, and skirting the plain there appeared a beautiful lake, a clear limpid sheet of water. Beyond | and on its margin, were outlines of houses, churches and | steeples. The delusion was perfect, and we reined up our horses for a some minutes to look upon the splendid mirage. In a short time it disappeared, but in its place came other water views, and as we proceeded tho lakes sometimes seemed so close that wo had difficulty in believing it was a delusion. I Jerilderie, from the aboriginal "Jereel," a reed, at last was reached. It is a small town of about 100 inhabitants, and contains a good Public School, two stores, three or four public-houses, asaddlor's (Mahood), and blacksmith's shop, &c.; The Jeriderie Public School is a nice little brick building. It was under the charge of a clever young lady, Miss Kate Mahony. There yreva only twenty-eight pupils on the roll, and twenty five in attendance. I did not expect much from the children, and was therefore agreeably surprised on wit nessing their proficiency in reading, writing and analy sis, arithmetic, geography, and singing-tho latter particularly. Though young, the children were clean and well-behaved. Altogether tho school reflects great credit to tho teacher. The principal stores are Messrs. Henry Levy and Co., and Mr. C. Van Der Maal's. These aro general stores, and well supplied with a most miscellaneous stock-all | country goods. The principal hotels are the Eoyal, and j the Court-house. Court is held in Jerilderie on the second Tuesday of each month. Tho magistrates who generally attend are R Blackwood, W. Rawlins, C. M. Lloyd, and J. Weir, Escts. Sergeant Johnston is in charge of the police, and acts as C. P. S. The principal annual event about Jerilderie, and in fact, tho whole of Riverina, is tho great pastoral show held there. Splendid show yards have been erected at a cost of ¿£400 or ¿8500, for sheep, cattle, and horses, though principally the former. Tho committee have spent ¿850 for dies for their medals, which are issued to successful competitors. Mr. Wm. Hay, of Boomoo noomana was the first prosident of the Jerilderie show. Mr. Mitchell is the president this year. The show is generally held in the last week of July, or first week iu August. Jerilderio isa wonderful little place iu its quiet way, and I am given to understand by the leadiug storekeepers, that a good deal of money is expended every year in the town. Leaving Jerilderie and crossing some large plains, tho first place come to was the cattle station of Mr. P. Bren nan. His house is on the right bank of tho Billabong, seven miles from Jerilderio. For twelve miles further there is no habitation, and tho miles seemed intermin able. At last a well kept comfo'rtablo inu called tho Cocketgedong, was reached. It is built on a slight eminence, and is kept by Mr. Alexander Murray. Taking a right-hand track, I entered a forest, and a few miles from tho hotel I reached the station of Messrs. Watt and Thomson, called Cocketgedong. Thc resi dence, in the midst of some fine pine trees, is in a picturesque position, and consists of a cluster of build ings, including private residence, overseer's house, servants' quarters, kitchen, &c.; The paddocks, all capitally fenced, were surprisingly well grassed, in com parison to others lower down the Billabong, at that time of the year. The area of the station is about 45,000 acres, and upwards of ¿818,000 have beou expended on improvements, &c;, during tho past six years. It was particularly pleasing to notico that tho spirited proprietors wore doing much to improve tho breed ofjthestock, and thereby benefit ¿ot only themselves but Riverina generally. Among the moro prominent objects of interest among the stock is a celebrated young bull, a perfect " Lord of thc Manor " boasting for his ances tor the well known ,; Duke of Brunswick." In sheep, reoent importations, arc prize Tasmanian rams descen dants of the celebrated exhibition prize sheep exhibited by Mr. Gibson, of Tasmania. Leaving Cocketgedong a fow hours steady riding still over plains, brought us within sight of Urana. As wo wore making straight for the township wo were informed that we would have to go round two miles, as tho bridge had been washed away ; this wo accordingly did. For a considerable time past this most vexatious uunoj-uneo bas been quietly borne by tho people. Tho mail, day after day, has to go round, losing two miles, with tho additional waste of time und trouble to the driver of taking down and putting up slip-rails on thc way. This matter should be seen to at once, and for the small cost it is a disgrace to tho " powers that be." I had almost omitted to mention that for fivo or six miles before the traveller gets to Urana, the road runs right by the Urana Lake, a fine sheet of water covering 20,000 acres, and beiug about 40 miles round. Half of it is a frontage to Messrs. Watt aud Thomson's station. Urana (aboriginal " aurana," meaning mia mia, or camping ground) is on the Urana Creek, 400 miles from Sydney. There arc less than 100 people in the township. Two public-houses, two stores, a post and telegraph office, and a police station comprise Urana, which boasts of neither church nor school. The hotels are Mr. John Perrin'« "Urana," and Mr. A. J. King's "Royal." Both of these seem to be well conducted. The stores aro Messrs. Mort and Watson's general, including wine and spirits (Mr. Robertson, manager) ; and Mr. James Price's Free Trade general store. The great annual event at Urana is tho races ; generally held aboub March or April. The prizes run for amount to over ¿63Q0. Considering the sparsity of thc population, this is a very large amount. It is principally subscribed by tho station-holders of the surrounding country, whoso hospitality and good feeling is proverbial. Personally I cannot speak too warmly of it, though, for thc present, I regretted that time would not allow of my more extensively visiting and reporting on tho vast improve ments going on in that part of thc country. The station of thc Lord of Widgiewa will form a , subject for the next orticlo. 