SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Friday. The body of a man has been found in the far North. He had evidently died from want of water. He has not been identified. Sales of wheat, both old and new, have been made at five shillings (5s). The crops about the Murray are good. New wheat is selling at 5s. Wangaratta Police Court.—On Wednes- day, at this court, the Mayor discharged John McBride and Robert Gill, charged with being drunk and disorderly; this was the only business. On Thursday, before the Mayor and Mr Alexander Tone, J. P., Elizabeth Clark, on bail, was charged with being drunk and disorderly; as the case was not a serious one, the police withdrew the charge. Eliza- beth Maudsley, Fanny Maudsley, Alexander Maudsley, and Sydney Maudsley, four des- titute children, were brought before the court, the mother of the children deposed that her husband left her two years ago, and she had not heard of him for twelve months; he was a miner, and was iast beard of at the Loddon; Witness made her living as a laundress; she had received nothing from her husband for the last thirteen months; she was not in a position to keep her children, or to give security for their maintenance at an indus- trial school, or to control them. The bench regretted that they could not send the chil- dren to the Industrial School, as the mother could not give security for their maintenance. In the adjourned case of the Crown Lands bailiff against Charles Sparkes, for illegal occupation of Crown lands at Oxley, the bench considered that defendant was in illegal occu- pation, and fined him 5s. The court then adjourned. Accident to Dr. Dempster.—What might have been a very unpleasant accident, occurred to Dr Dempster while driving at the Lower Three Mile, on Thursday. Just as he was approaching a deep cutting by the side of the road, the horse got one of the reins under his tail, and before it could be got right, the horse slewed round to the right, pitching Dr Demp- ster out, and taking one of the wheels over his back. The horse then went on at a fast pace, fortunately keeping to the road. Dr Demp- ster's servant soon, voluntarily or involun- tarily, followed his master's example, as regards getting out. The horse was eventually captured uninjured, but the buggy was con- siderably damaged. Dr Dempster, we are happy to say, escaped with a good shaking, and some pretty severe contusions and abra- sions. Serious Accident at Wooragee.—Yes- terday morning, a man named William Meagher, who has been for a long time in the service of Mr George Graham, and is much respected by his employer and all who knew him, was engaged with others in loading a waggon with wheat in the paddock. He was on the top of the load and was assisting in tying it, when one of the ropes gave way, and he was precipitated violently to the ground. He was at once picked up, and taken to the house in a dray. He seemed to be much injured, his head being covered with blood, but he was sensible enough to ask to be conveyed to his own bed. Mr Graham, who did not witness the accident, only waited to see the poor fellow comfortably to bed, and at once started for Beechworth for Dr Demp- ster, who immediately set out for Wooragee. We are glad to learn that although the doctor found that there was. a severe shock to the system, no bones were broken, nor were there any immediate symptoms of internal iniury. The unfortunate fellow fell on his back, and is, of course, much hurt, though the spine has fortunately escaped. Supposed Murder.—Our Violet Town cor- respondent writes, "It is rumoured that a well-known carrier, John McKay, has been found, yesterday morning, 3rd, murdered, on the Kilmore road; and that suspicion attaches to a passenger travelling with him, who is missing." We have since beard it stated that McKay's death was caused by a kick from a horse. Gaol Changes.—We understand that Mr Owers, senior-turnkey of the Beechworth Gaol, is about to retire from the public ser- vice, having accepted compensation from the Government. Dentistry.—Mr E. Brooke, dentist, of Beechworth, can be consulted professionally at Cooper's Criterion Hotel, EI Dorado, this day (Saturday), from 10 a.m. till 4 p.m. Departure of the Rev. M. W. Bradney.— This gentleman has finally closed his seven years' pastorate of the Beechworth Congrega- tional Church. He left for Melbourne by coach this morning, and carries with him many earnest and affectionate wishes for his prosperity in the new sphere on which he is about to enter. A Warning.—The grass in the Beechworth cemetery is so long and dry that it would be the work but of a minute to devastate it with fire. We observed, however, at a funeral the other day more than one person strolling through with a lighted pipe in his mouth, a single spark from which might have destroyed the whole property, buildings, fencing, &c.;, besides utterly spoiling all the memorials of the dead, and making the place a desert. Surely here, if anywhere, a little extra care may be de- manded, and should be enforced. Messrs Lang and Mathieson's Saw Mill.— We observe that this valuable property at the head of the Upper Three Mile Creek, in- cluding the quartz crushing plant, horses and waggons, is being offered for sale. We be- lieve the chief reason for this course is the sad death of Mr Rutledge, their other avoca- tions preventing either Mr Mathieson or Mr Lang from devoting the requisite time to the business. Art- Union in aid of St. Joseph's Church, Beechworth:—The drawing for the paddock at Wooragee, in aid of the above church, will take place at St George's Hall, on Thursday, the 11th instant, instead of the time pre- viously mentioned. Lost in the Bush.—A little girl, between 5 and 6 years of age, the daughter of Samuel Inker, a timber-getter, who was camped at the foot of Bapple, three miles from Tiaro, on Monday week (says the Maryborough Chro- nicle), wandered from her home into the bush, and was lost. As soon as the residents of Tiaro, and the police stationed there were apprised of the circumstance, parties were organised and search made daily after the little wanderer, but no trace of her could be found, though the search was continued for six days. It was agreed that a larger party should be formed, and a last search made, and that then her recovery should be deemed hopeless. The party agreed to meet near Mr Gordon's farm, about two miles from Tiaro, and some of them were waiting there for the others to join them, when they saw a little girl walking towards them. The father, who was with them, recognised at once his long-lost daughter. Being somewhat frightened at see- ing so many persons coming towards her, she crouched behind a large tree, but the joy of all was soon complete. The poor little creature had been upwards of six days without food, and was very weak, but otherwise was not the worse for her protracted fast. A CONJURER IN THE TlCHBORNE CASE.—The resumption of the Tichborne trial will bring before the court, in the character of witness, the wizard Anderson, who will be called to prove that he was presented by De Castro with a whip, which he afterwards used when per- forming Rob Roy.—Age: London Correspon- dent. Still Another Case of Drowning.—A man named Arthur Smith, while bathing in the River Murray at Bongilla, on the 1st in- stant, was accidentally drowned. He was swimming alone, sank, and never came up. The river was dragged the next day by police and neighbours, but no trace of the body has been found. Smith was harvesting, and only about a week from Eldorado, where it is said he had been employed by some of the claims there in procuring timber. About three and a half years ago a fisherman was drowned near the same place as Smith, and his body has not since been found. Completion of the Anglo-Australian Telegraph.—The following letter appears in the Sydney Morning Herald:—It does not, in our opinion, at all over-estimate the impor- tance of the coming event to which it refers; and we consider that the receipt of the first through telegram should be the occasion of both national and local festivity. It would be well for the Governor in Council to de- clare a public holiday on the auspicious occasion, and for the various local bodies to make it a most successful one. "Sir,—I have been waiting in expectation of some more influential person and abler writer than my- self coming forward to suggest that there should be a general holiday and day of rejoicing throughout the Australian colonies on the completion of the Anglo-Australian Telegraph. I believe there were great rejoicings in England and America on the completion of the Atlantic Telegraph, and also in America on the completion of the Great Pacific Rail- road; and surely this is as grand an under- taking as either of those. In fact, the advantages to be derived from it are incal- culable, and, in my humble opinion, well worthy of a grand demonstration; but let it be such that all may participate in. In this city, and in all large towns, there are many poor. Let each city or town appoint its committee to raise funds to give them a treat, as was done in England when the Reform Bill of 1832 was passed, and make it a demonstra- tion worthy of the occasion, for it is not likely that any person now living—even if he should live for a century—will see the completion of another such grand undertaking. I hope it is not yet too late for the whole of the colonies to join in this affair, and that some influential persons will take this matter up with spirit and not let this colony be the last to move in this matter. G. W. A. Bayley. Miller's Point, Sydney, December 28." The Trans-Continental Telegraph.—A telegram received by the last mail from Mr Douglas, the Government Resident at Port Darwin, has created some anxiety in Ade- laide. Mr Douglas says: "Cable working well. Company are anxious about communi- cation. Alternative imperative. Bengat left 21st November for the Roper." The question (says the S. A. Advertiser), is, what is meant by the "alternative" referred to? In the event of the landline not being completed by the 31st December, there are two courses open to the English company. They can at their option take possession of the whole of the land line, or any section of it which is not completed, "and may retain possession thereof, and may retain and work the same until all the expenses incurred by them in completing, repairing, maintaining, and work- ing the same, with interest thereon at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, shall be repaid to them by the Government, or out of the profits of the same line or section." That is the first alternative, and there can be no doubt that the company, if they are so in- clined, can legally take possession of our line, or the unfinished sections of it, on the terms and conditions mentioned. There is, how- ever, another alternative. Article 12 in the contract provides as follows:—"If the land line is not complete and open for traffic on the 31st day of December, 1871, or if it be at any time hereafter interrupted during thirty- five consecutive days, or during different por- tions amounting in the aggregate to seventy days of any consecutive 365 days, the com- pany may lay down and use a line between their cable at Port Darwin and Burketown, in the province of Queensland, or such other point on the northern coast of the province of South Australia; or may land a cable at Port Darwin, connecting that place with any other part of Australia" &c.; We admit that it is a matter to be deplored that from cir- cumstances which we could not control, but which we have done the best to remedy, the line will not be ready for opening on the 1st January. But shortly after that time we shall be ready, and we have no doubt the company will exercise a little patience, and allow us to complete a work to which the honor of the colony is pledged, and which we have strained every nerve to accomplish.— S. M. Herald. Sale at Wodonga.—We may again call attention to Messrs J. H. Gray and Co.'s im- portant sale at Wodonga, on Monday, of property in the insolvent estate of A. Sauer. Beechworth Philharmonic Society.—We may remind the singing members of this flourishing and popular society, that they are requested to resume practice at the Town Hall, on Monday evening next, at 8 p.m. Church of England, Yackandandah.—It will be remembered that to-morrow (Sunday) the Rev Mr Cross will be inducted into the incumbency of the Church of England, at Yackandandah. The Ven. Archdeacon Tucker will take part in the services. Beechworth County Court.—The last day for issuing special summonses fn the court to be held on Tuesday, February 6th, will be Saturday next, January 13th, and for serving them, Monday, the 12th. The last day for issuing ordinary summonses is Thursday, 18th January; for serving, Saturday, the 20th; for filing, Friday, the 26th; for filing defences or paying money into court, Tuesday, 80th instant. Beechworth Police Court.—At this court on Thursday, Messrs Brown and Clemenger were on the Bench. Jacob Gundelfinger summoned by Constable Hogan for hawking goods at Myrtleford without a license, was fined 40s only, his license having expired on Dec. 31st. A charge of abusive language, brought by Mary Ann Smith against Mary Constantine, was dismissed. Anne Pritchard, summoned for using obscene language in a public place, did not appear, and it was ordered that a warrant should issue for her arrest. Yesterday she was brought before the court charged with disobeying a summons, which was dismissed. She was then charged with the offence of using obscene language. Mr W. H. C. Darvall gave evidence that on the night of January 1st he heard a dreadful noise, and went down to Pritchard's, where he heard defendant using the most frightful and obscene language, some examples of which he gave. Sergeant Baber deposed to defendant having been previously sentenced to 21 hours' imprisonment on two occasions, once for obscene language, and once for drunkenness. She was iutoxicated when brought to the lock-up on the previous night. The magistrate said it would only be a kind- ness to pass a longer sentence. One month's imprisonment. Mr J. Turner, J.P., was on the Bench. Wangaratta Hospital.—The committee met last Thursday evening, at the Town Hall. Present: The President, and Messrs. D. H. Evans, Damphy, Mitchell, Tone, Wilson, and Archdeacon Tucker. The following report was submitted:—The Committee of Manage- ment, that was appointed on the 8th of Sep. 1871, have to report, according to the Act of the Legislature, that they have proceeded to form laws and regulations for the Hospital, which have been printed for general circu- lation; and also have appointed the necessary staff of officers and servants for the working of the institution. The Building Committee have given to the subscribers a report of the progress of the erection of the Hospital, together with a list of the subscription and donations that have been received in aid of the Building Fund. Your committee have further provided out-offices and furniture necessary to open the Institution on the 1st day of January, 1872; and they propose to clear the surrounding land, erect appropriate fences, and provide additional wards for patients, in the course of the coming year, if sufficient fuuds are forthcoming for the pur- pose. It was resolved, that the Hospital be formally opened by the President and Com- mittee, next day, Friday, at 11 o'clock, a.m. It was resolved, in the absence of Dr Hutch- inson, not to open tenders for medicines. Tender for the supply of groceries (one), George Chandler and Co. Mr Tone said the committee were not bound to accept the only tender. He considered the prices too high. Mr Wilson moved. The tender of George Chandler and Co., for groceries, be accepted. Seconded by Mr Tone, and carried. John Hall's tender for the supply of meat was accepted. Samuel Osboldstone's tender for bread, &c.;, was accepted. The meeting then adjourned. Kneebone Gold and Tin Mining Company, Eldorado.—We are happy to hear from our Eldorado correspondent that the directors of this company have decided to resume work. This will be good news for the Creek. The pumping engine has been kept going, and the drives are in good repair. The End of the Holidays.—We are al- most inclined to think that a large majority of our little friends will be almost thankful that on Monday next their school work re- commences. It is very delightful to be freed from school duties at first, but before the holidays are over the days become rather long,—there is not half so much fun, and it will be, we imagine, with little reluctance that some hundred pairs of young feet will on Monday take the well- known way to the several schoolrooms. We notice that Mr E. S. Harris his secured the services of a first- class drawing master. The Violet Town Murder.—Our corres- pondent writes:—"The Solicitor-General having issued his warrant for the exhumation of the remains of the late Mrs Ellen Chute, recently murdered by her husband, Richard Chute, the proper and necessary steps having been taken under the directions of Mr In- spector Montfort, the coffin was raised this morning in the presence of Sergeant Whelan, of Benalla, Constable Twoomey, and several of the witnesses in the case, Dr Hutchinson, of Wangaratta, being the medical gentleman engaged and duly authorised to make the second post mortem examination. Dr Niool- son, of Benalla, the gentleman who made the former post mortem examination, and who could not then state in his evidence, owing to the advanced state of decomposition of the remains, the cause of death, was associated with Dr Hutchinson in the post mortem, and Mr Charles Clarke was present by invitation. Inspector Montfort was busy taking notes as the post mortem proceeded, and the evidence being specially for the Solicitor- General's department, of course I am unable to give you any particulars as to the professional opinions beyond mere rumor. It is con- jectured, however, that the result in the main will in the public interests prove much more satisfactory than the former post mortem, and that no doubt now remains as to the cause of death. Early Closing at Eldorado.—We are glad to see that the storekeepers in the auriferous valley are arriving at something like common sense and justice in the matter of "shutting up." As will be seen in our advertising columns, the principal tradesmen have agreed to close at 8 p.m., whereas hitherto they have kept open indiscriminately, in fact, as long as there was the ghost of a chance of catching a customer. This innovation is an improve- ment, but it does not go far enough. The Beechworth tradesmen close at 6 p.m., except on Saturdays, and there is no reason, but a bad habit, why Eldorado men should not do the same. Telegraphic Communication to Europe.— We do not believe in omens, but certainly the first message from this colony which will probably flash through the wires to England will be anything but welcome. From our telegrams we gather that the South Australian Government have already started the horses for the express designed by them to fill the gap between the present lines. It may be supposed that they would carry with them the latest news of general importance, and the only special item must have been the loss of the good old Sussex on the Barwon Heads. We could have wished that the tidings had been of a pleasanter nature, but we trust and believe that future messages wiil rarely con- vey such sad intelligence. There is little doubt that our next telegrams from home will inform us of the receipt of the news of the loss of the Sussex, so that the first important intelligence will have passed from the Aus- tralian end of the line to the Western World. Violet Town Police Court.—As only one magistrate—Mr Gall, J.P.—attended at this court on Wednesday, seven cases had to be postponed for a fortnight. This is a great hardship for the parties interested, and this is by no means the first time that much in- convenience has occurred at this court from the same cause. All the Delicacies of the Season.—We see. that Mr Newson, of the Post Office Hotel, Camp-street, Beechworth, carries on again, to a certain extent, this season, his system of providing "tit bits" for the lovers of good things. At present the gustatory attractions he offers are wild duck and shrimps, fresh daily on the arrival of the Melbourne coach. Your shrimps are but "small fowl," but they are savory. Newspaper Changes.—It is announced that the Federal Standard has changed hands, that it will be enlarged and improved, but will for the future come out twice a week in- stead of thrice, as heretofore. It is to be issued on Wednesdays and Saturdays. We have not yet heard of the actual birth of the Wahgunyah journal, the issue of which, by Mr Rowan, former proprietor of the Wanga- ratta Dispatch, was announced some time since. By the way, we regret to see that the last- named journal is not looking quite so healthy as it should be if the Wangaratta people sup- ported it properly. Sale of a Brewery at Wangaratta.— Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., of Beechworth, announce for sale, on the premises, Temple- ton-street, Wangaratta, on Thursday next, the freehold property known as the Victoria Brewery, lately occupied by Mr Thomas Maguire, together with the vats, coolers, mash tun, and other trade appliances. Dog-owners Beware.—Mr John Phelan commences on Monday his dog-license campaign in the Shire of Yackandandah. He opens out at Hillsborough, when he an- nounces that he will be found at Develin's Hotel, at 9 a.m. He purposes to be at Mr Rohinson's Hotel, Allan's Flats, on Wednesday from 4 to 9 p.m.; at the Post-office, Kiewa, from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Thursday, and at Mackay's Border Hotel, Wodonga, from 6 to 11 a.m., and in the evening, on Friday. The Sutton Assault Case.—Mr William G. Gerry, of Sutton, was brought before Mr J. Rudd, andDr Muller, J.P.'s, at the Yackan- dandah Police Court yesterday, charged with an assault on B. Edwards, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. A remand for a week was asked for by the police, and granted, bail being renewed, the accused in £50, and one surety of the same amount. Gerry de- clares that he merely used a paling to Edwards, who had aggravated him by inter- fering between him and one of his children, and by using bad language. On the other hand it is asserted that the injuries were caused by an axe. The truth will probably be known in a week. In the meantime, the unfortnuate affair has been the general subject of conversation throughout the district, and there are already a dozen versions of it flying about. Crowded Out.—In spite of our eight pages in this issue, a good deal of correspondence and matters of local interest are necessarily held over. Buggy Accident.—A two-horse buggy was being brought to Messrs Crawford and Co's Beechworth stables yesterday, for repairs, and when near the gaol the horses, in some way, got frightened, and bolted. Opposite the Treasury, the buggy, which was in a ricketty condition, turned completely over, and a few paces further on the horses were stopped by Mr F. Heuss, of the Albion Hotel, who pluckiiy ran up to them. Happily, no serious harm was done. Beechworth Beer.—We notice in our ad- vertising columns a notification that Mr George Billson, of Beechworth, has taken his son into partnership; also, that the same gentleman advertises for tenders for the erec- tion of a Brewery, in Last-street. Mr C. A. Benbow, Dentist.—This gen- tleman announces that he will be at Wan- garatta on Monday next, the 8th instant, and can be seen at Mr Rundle, the chemist's, Murphy-street, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. The Earthquake.—The North-Eastern District was visited by a most unmistakeable shock of an earthquake soon after 11 o'clock on Wednesday night. It seems to have been felt all over the district, as we hear of its being more or less perceptible at Stanley, Hillsborough, Chiltern, Rutherglen, Wanga- ratta, and many other places. Our telegrams give indications that the earthquake was still more widespread. The sensations experienced were various; some heard a rumbling noise, others felt a vibratory motion. In some places windows and crockery rattled, but one thing is tolerably certain, that there was an unmistakeable earthquake. A Tongue that has Long Been Silent.— Yesterday afternoon, Mr Harper, the pros- pector of the new diggings near the Cemetery, called at the Beechworth office of this paper in the company of an enormous bell. He had found this 54 pounder in his claim, and had come to advertise for an owner. This he found was unnecessary, as the bell was at once recognised at our office as one belonging to J. H. Gray and Co., which some three years ago was stolen from the race-course, and of the fate of which no whisper was ever heard before. How it found its way to where it was found, which is from a quarter to half a mile from the place from which it was taken, is a puzzle, and the motive of those who took it must ever remain a mystery unless the culprits make a clean breast of it. It was probably a stupid tipsy freak. Publications Received.—We have re- ceived from the publishers the January num- ber of the Temperance News together with its usual supplement, "The Family Friend and Temperance Visitor," containing a portrait of Bro. James Munro, P.D.D.R. The News contains the usual amount of special statistics, papers, tales, verses, and correspondence. A second supplement is also given, in the shape of a calendar for 1872. The January number of The Australian Journal has also reached us. As a whole it is not quite up to the high mark of excellence which has recently characterised this publication. A further instalment of Mr Marcus Clark's "His Natural Life" is given, and there is the usual variety of in- teresting and amusing matter. The Out-going Mail.—It is notified that the royal mail steamship Nubia will be despatched with the homeward mails on Tuesday, 30th January, 1872. The times and dates appointed for closing at the Beechworth post-office are as follow:—For registered letters, 4 p.m. Friday, 26th January; for ordinary letters, via Southampton and via Brindisi, 9 p.m. Sunday, 28th January; for newspapers via Southampton and via Brindisi, 9 p.m. Sunday, 28th January; money orders payable in the United Kingdom will be issued up to 3 p.m., Saturday, 27th January. Other offices in these districts, the letters from which have to pass through Beechworth, will close at such times as will allow of letters and newspapers arriving at Beechworth by the above times. Wangaratta and other places on the main line to Mel- bourne, will be open till a later hour, or, in some cases, until the Monday morning. At Chiltern the office closes one hour earlier than at Beechworth, namely at 8 p.m. on Sunday, which our friends in that locality may note. Our Home Summary.—We shall publish our summary for Home readers on Saturday, January 30th, in time for the outgoing mail. Any of our country readers desirous of sending copies home, can have them forwarded from this office, on intimating their wish to that effect. Indigo United District Board.—The ordi- ary fortnightly meeting of this Board took place on Thursday evening. There was no correspondence. Two accounts, amounting to £12 14s 4d, were passed for payment. The Board decided to appoint a competent person to make a valuation of the rateable property in the district. It was also determined to enforce the provisions of the Dog Act, by the appointment of an officer. The clerk laid before the Board a statement, showing the amount of available funds, and it was decided to meet in committee on Thursday next, for the purpose of settling what roadworks should be proceeded with. Fatal Accident near Violet Town. Henry Munro, a man well known in the dis- trict, was accidentally killed on Wednesday last by the upsetting of a spring cart. The particulars appear below. On Thursday, Mr J. Gall, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry touching the death of Henry Munro, killed the day before, when the following evidence was taken—William Mullin deposed that he was a butcher, residing at Violet Town. Having a few days since purchased a pig from William Ralston of the Honeysuckle Creek Station, he, in company with the deceased, proceeded yes- terday, the 3rd instant, to the station, for the purpose of killing the pig there, but on reach- ing the station altered his mind, and started back for the township, the deceased driving the horse and cart, and himself the pig, on foot. On reaching Mr Underwood's paddock, the horse got off the winkers, and bolted, running about one-fourth of a mile. Witness then heard a great crash. On coming up found the deceased lying about 15 yards from the cart, which was turned completely over, and jammed betwixt two saplings. The horse was still in the shafts, but the cart was very much broken.— Constable Percy deposed to finding the body as described by last witness. The son of deceased identified the remains as those of his father, who was 51 years of age, and a native of Ireland.—Mr Gall's de- cision was that the deceased was accidentally killed by being thrown out of a cart through the horse running away.—The remains of the late Henry Munro were followed to their last resting-place on Thursday afternoon, by a goodly number of the residents of the town and neighborhood. Munro was an old resi- dent, and the manner in which he met his death evoked the sympathies of many, as was fully testified by the respectable and numerous attendance at his funeral. Racing Usages.—We would suggest to the Beechworth and other local racing clubs, that it would add greatly to the eclat of the meet- ings if a little more rigor were shown in regard to the costume of the jockeys, some of whom occasionally present a very dilapidated and mildewed appearance, &c.; In the advertise- ment of Tattersall's races at Randwick, the following stringent rule is quoted.—To Jockeys: xvi. The stewards shall have power to impose a fine, not exceeding £5 on any jockey not appearing, in their opinion, in a thoroughly clean and appropriate dress. The owner of the horse which he may be engaged to ride shall nevertheless be held responsible for the proper condition of the colors; and any jockey who shall be fined in respect thereof shall be entitled to recover the amount from such owner; and any such owner re- fusing to indemnify such jockey shall be disqualified from entering or starting a horse until such fine shall have been paid. 