THE MURDER OF SIMON ZIEMAN. At the criminal sittings of the Circuit Court at Toowoomba, on Monday last, Patrick Collins was charged for that he, on the 21st November, 1871, at Gunde Gunda Creek, did feloniously kill one Simon Zieman. The Attorney General, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, and Mr Pring, Q C , instructed by Mr Hamilton, for the prosecution, Mr. Blake, Q C , instructed by Mr Chubb, for the prisoner. The Attorney General said the first informa- tion on the file was one in which the prisoner Patrick Collins was charged with the wilful murder of Simon Zieman. He (the Attorney General) proposed to enter a nolle prosequi on that information, and enter another in which the prisoner Patrick Collins would be charged with murder, and Catherine Beckett with being an accessory after the fact. A fresh information having been filed, the prisoners respectively pleaded not guilty Collins appeared confident and self-possessed throughout the whole of the day, and Mrs. Beckett seemed only to suffer from temporary agitation at the commencement of the pro- ceedings. Great difficulty was experienced in obtaining a jury, and ultimately the following gentlemen were sworn :-Messrs T. Kellaher, J. Adams, J. Dodd, Alex Smith, E. Pillar, J. W. Henry, M. Purtell, J. Houston, T. W.Hoey, P. Keogh, P. Hanrahan, and A. Carrigg. The Attorney General opened the case, and commented on the various portions of the evi- dence which he intended to offer in support of the charge against the prisoners. The learned gentleman's address occupied about one hour and a quarter. Lewis Zieman was the first witness called, and his evidence was to the following effect :- He was a storekeeper at St George, and in November last was carrying on business in partnership with his brother, his brother left St. George between 7 and 8 o'clock on the morning of the 20th November last, on foot, for the purpose of visiting Wagaby Station, which is situated at about half a mile distant from the township, and he had never seen him alive since that day; he identified the clothes produced as those worn by his brother when he left St. George, and also the other articles, consisting of valise, papers, photographs, whip, saddle, &c.;, as being his brother's possessions at that time; his brother also wore a gold watch and chain on that day : the firm of Zieman Brothers was, witness stated, indebted to Mr. Murphy, solici- tor. Brisbane, on account of William Beckett. James Rogers, the mailman between St. George and Surat, deposed to being at Wagaby station about 7 o'clock on the morning of No- vember 20 , he saw the deceased come up to the station, accompanied by a black boy carrying a saddle, and saddle a horse which he (witness) had lent to Mr Zieman ; on November 24 last the witness saw a chestnut horse, having it's near hock cut, about six miles from Donga, and between that and Werribone station ; he had since seen the same horse in the police paddock in Toowoomba, he had a conversation with a man named John Clancy, at Dango station, on the following day, and in consequence thereof he rode to St George, arriving there about 3 o'clock on the morning of November 26; in company with others, he returned the same day to the place where he had seen the horse, and they turned off towards Gende-Gunda Creek, in order to find the tracks of the horse; in the creek they found the body of a man floating, face downward, with a log across the small of the back; the body was dressed in tweed trousers and Crimean shirt ; witness rode at once to Surat and gave information to the police on the same day. Nothing was done towards the removal of the body that night, but on the following morning it was taken out of the water by the police. William Rea, land surveyor, residing at St. George, deposed that he knew the late Mr Zie- man, saw him last at about 2 o'clock on Monday, November 20, at McDougall's station, at Warroo ; this station is situated on one of the roads leading from St George to Tartulla ; Mr. Zieman stayed only a few minutes at Warroo and rode off in the direction of Donga, towarda Tartulla, station, witness was one of those who formed the search party on November 26 ; after the finding of the body, witness, a man named Donolly and a black boy, searched all round the immediate neighborhood ; the black boy drew attention to the trucks of a man and horse, the man apparently leading the horse and going down to the water's edge ; the bank of the creek at this particular point has a gradual slope to the water's edge, and the tracks of the horse went into the water ; the next tracks discovered were those of two horses going along the creek downwards ; they followed one of the tracks across the creek and for about one hundred yards in the direction of Tartulla ; the other track was disconnected so much that it could not be followed throughout ; they also saw several tracks of a man circling round a natural hole in the bank which had been recently filled with earth, the next track found was going off the road towards the creek and in the direction where the body was discovered ; the track of the man who had apparently led his horse down to the water was that of a person wearing light blucher boots with a row of nails round the heel, and in the centre of the front of the heel were a number of nails in the form of a triangle ; the impression on the heel was heavier on the outer than on the inner side ; the tracks round the natural hole in the bank were apparently the mark of the same boot that was found on the track leading down to the creek, there were other tracks of a man at a spot on the bank of the creek where Sergeant Downey took a cheque out of the water, and these also appeared to have been made by the same boot. Sergeant Cranney was here called, and pro- duced a light pair of blucher boots. The Court then adjourned until the following morning. TUESDAY, May 7. Court resumed at I0 o'clock. The examination-in-chief of Wm. Rea was continued. He deposed that the boots pro- duced corresponded with all the tracks he found on the banks of the creek, Constable Henry arrived about 9 p.m., on Sunday, November 26 ; after Henry arrived witness discovered some horse tracks which he lost nearly one hundred feet from the circle ; these tracks were going almost in a direct line with the tracks which led down the bank of the creek into the water ; witness also saw other tracks on the bank, but he did not take any particular notice of them ; there were three impressions of a boot or boots ; the boot appeared to be a long, narrow boot, with a round, narrow toe, slightly run over on the outer side ; the track had evidently been made by a person leaning over towards the creek, and about as far as a man could reach from the tracks there was found in the mud of the bed of the creek a coat and vest rolled round a stick, which one of the police took out of the water ; there were other tracks of a horse that had been tied to a sapling, about 475 feet from where the body was found ; these were all the tracks which witness saw ; a person making the tracks would have to come up the creek to the body ; Sergeant Downey arrived with Rogers and Mr. Bays about mid- night on Sunday, November 26, and on the morning of the 27th a search along the bank of the creek was instituted before the body was re- moved from the water ; papers were found in different places, and pieces of a stock of a pistol witness found in the creek ; a man named Ben- nett also pointed out a pair of trousers ; Ser- geant Downey, witness, and others took the body out of the water ; the ground immediately around the water in which the body was found was not disturbed ; there were a quantity of long trailing weeds in the water near where the body lay, and from the spot where the tracks of a man and horse which led to the creek ; the weeds had been disturbed in a downward direc- tion to where the body was found, as though a body had been dragged along through the weeds ; the body was placed on a stage when taken out of the water, and so far as wit- ness could speak from the shape of the small witness believed it to be the body of Simon Zieman ; the features were beyond identifica- tion ; at the time the body was taken out of the water the flesh was off, the skull quite denuded, and the scalp hanging at the back of the neck ; the skull was fractured in several places and the jaw broken ; there was a hole from the lower part of the right eye to the upper part of the left eye through the nose, leaving the brain bare ; there were no other marks of violence on the body ; the impression of those present was that the hole had been produced by a shot wound ; the hole was nearly as large as a threepenny piece, a small portion of the bone that protects the eye having been car- ried away ; there was a jagged hole through the nose, almost immediately between the two eyes, and u small piece of bone at the top of the right eye fractured, so small that it could scarcely be noticed ; there was a double frac- ture at the back of the head, in the shape of the letter V; the lower jaw was fractured immediately opposite the chin, and the jaw was fractured in another place, higher up on the left side ; those fractures might have been produced by a blow. Witness produced a plan of Tartulla Station, showing the position of all the houses, outbuildings, fences, and roads immediately round the station. Wit- ness went over the station in company with Mr. William Beckett, on September 10 last, and saw two pistols in the store, both of which he handled ; one was a small pistol, and the other a large one with a new stock ; Mr. Beckett brought out another large pistol, with a very large bore, brass mountings, and ramrod with a button, like a carbine ramrod ; witness never saw a pistol like it before, and took it out of Mr. Beckett's hand, and examined it ; next time he saw that pistol was at Gunde- Gunda Creek ; a piece of a pistol he (witness) found at that place and the pieces found by the police are the same ; (the various pieces of the pistol found were produced and put in order by witness) ; this was the same pistol that was shown to him (witness) on Mr. Beckett's veran- dah at Tartulla. The witness then proceeded to give a description of the house and station build- ings at Tartulla. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake : I went from Warroo to Gunde-Gunda Creek ; I know Donga station ; I did not see the track of a long naked foot near the place where the pistol was found ; I was there when Sergeant Downey compared the boots with the track ; I saw the track of a long narrow boot ; the track was at the bank of the edge of the creek ; I saw Sergeant Downey compare other boots besides those that have been produced ; I believe the tracks were made by the same person ; a mob of travelling horses passed up the creek between the 20th and 26th November, a man named Clayton was in charge of the mob; the tracks of boots that Sergeant Downey compared with the long track were very similar when he made an impression beside them ; to the best of my belief it was the right boot. Mr. Blake here called upon the Crown to produce the boots. The boots were then produced by Mr. Uhr (exhibits 12 and 22). Cross-examination of witness continued : The boots are very similar to those which Sergeant Downey compared with the track of the long narrow boot ; there had been slight rain between the 21st and 26th November ; I first saw the light blucher boots in the Court- house at Surat ; I first saw the others (12 and 22)- if they are the same - when Sergeant Downey brought them to Gunde-Gunda Creek ; I did not see the light bluchers compared with any track ; I saw them this year when Mrs. Beckett was before the Court ; on the night of the 26th, myself and some other men examined the natural hole in the bank of the creek by torchlight. Re-examined by Mr. Pring: The heels of the blucher boots are larger than those on the boots exhibits 12 and 22 ; the nails also are larger and placed in a different position ; there are no nails in the centre of the heels of 12 and 22 as in the light blucher boots. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake : I saw Ser- geant Downey put the boot into the original track ; the boot appeared to correspond ; Ser- geant Downey said they corresponded. The witness here left the box, but was recalled by His Honor at the request of Mr. Pring : There was a shorter cut than the road from Tartulla station to Gunde-Gunda Creek ; there is no direct road all the way from Tartulla to Gunde-Gunda Creek ; there is a track almost in a direct line to the Balonne River, which is about half-way to Gunde-Gunda Creek ; there is no track from the Balonne River to Gunde- Gunda Creek, but you can make your way to the creek ; through the bush there is a short cut between Tartulla and Gunde-Gunda Creek, which will save a few miles ; the distance from Mr. Beckett's house at Tartulla station in a straight line to the bank of the creek where the body was found is exactly seven miles. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake : The crossing place of the Balonne is at the Donga station to get to Donga from Tartulla you must cross the Balonne. James Hamilton stated on oath : I am chief warder of the penal establishment at St. Helena ; I believe I have seen the boots (37) before at St. Helena ; I saw them last when the prisoner was about to leave the island ; he had a pair of boots made for him before he was discharged ; they were in the store a week before the prisoner was discharged ; they were issued by me to Collins ; they were made to measure by one of the convict shoemakers in the establishment ; when he delivered Collins' boots I noticed that they were much longer in the leg than the ordi- nary blucher boots ; I also noticed a triangle of nails in the heels, and a different arrangement : of pegs in the toe from what I had ever seen before ; I have charge of the stores ; I have a great many boots pass through my hands during the year ; I have never seen any other boots with a triangle of nails in the heels except the pair made for the other man by the same shoe- maker ; I never saw such an arrangement of nails before or since ; I saw the pair made for the other man in the store, and I now produce them ; they were given to the man, and he wore them for a day ; he has not worn them since ; he is now a prisoner at St Helena. Patrick Henry deposed : l am a constable, stationed at St. George ; I went to Gunde- Gunda Creek on Saturday, the 26th November last ; I saw a body floating in the creek ; I searched, with others, round the neighborhood ; I found a small piece of saddlecloth, and an- other piece on the top of the hole [pieces pro- duced] ; on the following morning I found a coat and vest; they were rolled round a piece of stick, and the stick was fixed in the mud in the water ; the coat and vest (exhibits 29 and 30) are the same that I found ; I found four £1 notes and two half-sovereigns inside the lining of the right hand pocket of the vest when drying the clothes ; I found a hat about two yards nearer the body than where I found the coat and vest ; it was covered with water and mud (exhibit 31 produced and iden- tified). Cross-examined by Mr. Blake : I arrived at the creek on Sunday, November 26 ; I recollect seeing a hole on the bank of the creek ; it had been recently dug, but closed up again ; the hole was ubout 270 or 280 yards from where the body was found ; I observed marks of a foot about the creek ; they were not plain ; there had been rain on two occasions before I examined this place. Sergeant Cranney deposed : I was stationed at St. George in November last ; I visited Gunde-Gunda Creek in company with Mr. Uhr, Police Magistrate of St George, on the 27th of that month ; on 26th I went to a shoemaker named Overs at St George's Bridge with Mr. Uhr ; he got the pair of boots produced (exhibits 12 and 22), and handed them over to me ; I took the right boot (no. 12) with me when I started for Gunde-Gunda Creek ; I saw Sargeant Downey fit the boot into a track close to the water ; he made one impression of the boot alongside the track ; I left the creek on the 27th November, and returned on the 28th ; I went down to the creek and saw Sergeant Dow- ney in the water ; I went into the water near the spot where the body was found ; I found the barrel of a pistol in the water about five or six feet from the bank ; the barrel was stuck in the mud ; I found also a piece of the stock of a pistol nearer to the bank ; the barrel and por- tion of stock (exhibit 21) are the same that I found in the water of Gunde-Gunda Creek. The Court adjourned till 10 o'clock on Wed- nesday morning.-Abridged from D, D. Gazette. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WEDNESDAY, MAY 8. The Court resumed at 10 o'clock this morning James Hamilton, recalled by His Honor, stated that the prisoner's shoemaker at St Helena made four pairs of boots-two pair for two lame men, one pair issued to a convict still at St. Helena, and one pair given to prisoner on his discharge, never saw boots with pegs so arranged before, there was a triangle of nails in the heels of both pairs. Reginald Uhr deposed I am Police Magis- trate at St George's Bridge ; the boots pro- duced were got from Overs, a shoemaker at St. George's Bridge ; I saw Sergeant Downey fitting them to the tracks at the edge of the waterhole where the body of deceased was found ; the boots were left with Overs by Collins for repairs ; I searched about the waterhole for traces of a struggle but found none. William Downey deposed I am sergeant of police at Surat ; from information I received I went to Gunda Creek on the 26th of Novem ber ; arrived on the morning of the 27th , I saw the body of deceased ; I did not examine it till daybreak, it was lying back upwards the left arm extended ,the right one drawn into the side by one of the braces ; several persons were there when I arrived, amongst them Mr. Rea and Mr. Henry ; I got possession of a chestnut horse with W B and other brands on the near shoulder ; it had a cut on the near hock from the top of the sinew in a downward direction to the outer side of the leg ; the horse is now in the police stable here ; John Clancy saw the horse in my custody cut as described ; the pair of grey trousers with the braces (produced) were taken off the body on the 29th November ; when the body was taken out of the water on the 27th, tbe pockets were both turned inside out ; the shirt found on the body was left at the water hole as it was quite rotten and very offensive ; the other pair of trousers (produced) were found about twenty five yards above the body on the 27th ; the letter, wíth the cheque enclosed, the photograph«s and papers were found under the water, imbedded in the mud, close to where tho trousers were discovered ; a left hand leather glove was about twelve yards above the body, half way between it and the trousers ; the scarf and pin were taken off the body by my directions, and the boots and spurs were given to me on the 29th by the person who cut them off the body ; I found the whip head and string (produced) on a small twig broken off a sapling about twenty five yards from where the body was lying ; the portions of the stock of a pistol (marked 10) I took possession of from William Grey on the morning of the 27th, the trigger guard (11) was taken out of the mud a few inches from the edge of the creek ; I found the butt of the pistol sticking butt upwards in the water about four feet from the edge of the creek close to where the head of the body had laid on the morn- ing of the 2Sth, and the remainder of the stock and hammer were found close to where the butt was sticking ; I examined the ground round the place where the body was found, and saw some tracks ; the first was a horse track with a boot track close by it, about ten yards behind a tree at the edge of the creek , the horse track went into the water ; the track of the boot was tracable to about three paces of the edge of the creek ; between where the horse track went to the water and where the body lay the weeds were all I dragged down ; there was no current in the waterhole ; there were a number of tracks between the tree and where the dark grey trousers were found, but I can only speak to one, which was opposite to the place where the cheque was discovered, it had a broad square toe, as though made by a slop maker ; there were three more tracks to the left of the tree ; one was the track of a right boot with a square toe ; the boot appeared to have been worn over on the outer side ; I fitted the boot now produced into this track, and found it correspond, there were three other tracks ; the boot fitted two of them from the instep to the toe, but the third had gone over the heels of the other two , I went to Tartulla Station on he afternoon of the 27th with Sergeant Cranney, I searched one of the skillion rooms which had a door facing the creek ; I found two check pieces of a bridle, with bit and reins (produced), hanging on a rail ; I also found in the storeroom a small box with some powder, shot, caps, bullet moulds and other odds and ends, the pieces of lead (produced) were in the box ; when I found them both pieces appeared to have been freshly cut ; I went to the station again on the 28th, and drove a mob of horses to Tartulla yard ; amongst them was a bay horse branded C with a dot outside, which made it look like a G ; there were other brands, one of which looked as if it had been put over a previous brand ; I went to St George's Bridge on the 5th of De- cember, and got the bridle (produced) from Sergeant Cranney ; the shirt and trousers I took from the female prisoner on the 27th of November. Cross examined by Mr Blake ; Sergeant Cranney was with me when I compared the boot with the track. By the Crown : There had been rain between the night of the 26th and the time of fitting the boots to the track. John Aitkin deposed : I was employed as a storekeeper at Tartulla station ; I know the prisoner Patrick Collins, he is brother to the female prisoner, I first saw him at Tartulla on the 12th November, he was riding a roan horse ; prisoner and McGovern went on the 14th to O'Brien's, to fetch cattle belonging to Wm Beckett ; on the 18th prisoner, Wm. Beckett, McGovern, Turnbull, and I went with a blackfellow to Tarragay , we worked there all that night and next day ; they all returned to Tartulla the night of the 11th except myself ; I did not get back till the following morning, as my horse knocked up ; prisoner rode the same roan horse and his own saddle ; he told me that the pair of reins he had he had exchanged with the female prisoner, as his own were too light ; about 4 o'clock on the 20th I saw deceassd come to the station ; John Beckett came later in the evening ; every one belonging to the station was at tea that night except Michael Newsome ; deceased and John Beckett slept there that night ; after tea I went with de- ceased to old Mr Beckett's bedroom, old Beckett is bedridden ; the main building con- sists of two rooms, opening on the front ver- andah, with skillion rooms at the back ; the old man's bedroom adjoins the whole of prisoner's skillion room and part of the female prisoners room ; Willam Beckett and John Beckett jnr. , were there with us ; we stayed till past 11 ; a person in prisoner's room could hear all the conversation ; whilst I was in old Beckett's room deceased took out his pocket book, and showed me a cheque drawn by H. Tracey of Surat, and another by W. B. Anderson, of St. George (produced), he offered them to me at half price, but I did not buy them, and he returned them to his pocket book ; deceased then took out three blank cheques and askcd for pen and ink ; he filled up one for £33 some odd shillings, in favor of Mr Murphy, a solicitor, of Brisbane ; it was for an account old Mr. Beckett owed Murphy ; I believe it was drawn on the Com- mercial Bank, Brisbane ; when deceased had filled in the cheque I remarked that he had not signed it ; he replied, " No, I never sign a cheque till I pay it away;" he returned the cheque to his pocket book, and put the book into his trouser's pocket ; deceased asked me before he drew the cheque how many cattle there were in the yard for sale? I told him about 220 ; he offered £2. 7s. 6p. for cows, and £2. 10s. for bullocks ; William Beckett said it was too little ; deceased replied, "Cash down or notes if required , " deceased then told me to send the cattle to St. George, on Friday, and his brother might raise the price and give more for them ; he then took out his watch and said it was time for bed ; it was a gold watch with chain and seals attached ; the watch now pro- duced is the same one I saw in decased's hand I that night ; I recognize it by the trinkets on the chain ; I asked him how much he paid for it ; hs said ₤22 ; I then went to bed ; my hut is about twenty yards from the main building ; as I was going I saw McGovern lying down on the verandah opposite the door ; he had been sleeping there for five or six weeks ; no one there could have heard a conversation in Old Beckett's bedroom ; prisoner said to me next morning . "Zieman had a great blowing about his money last night ;" I got up early in the morning and lit the kitchen fire, so that deceased might get his breakfast ; McGovern got up shortly after ; McGovern, prisoner, and I then went to the yard to fetch a bullock that had been killed the night before by William Beckett, prisoner, and myself, on the morning of the 21st November, McGovern had on a pair of long boots (pro- duced) ; I know them by their having been fronted by Over, of St. George, as well as by the hole in the top of the left boot and a patch on the inside, he had them on outside his trousers ; he has had them the last twelve months, Thomas Doyle was the first man to leave the station that morning ; he went out directly after breakfast, to tail cattle ; he came back with the cattle as usual in the evening ; I had some conversation with deceased that morn- ing, in prisoner's hearing ; deceased asked me how many cattle I thought John Beckett had ; I said I could gather 1500 ; deceased then said he would not mind giving £800 down for the brand ; I saw prisoner leave the station that morning about 11 o'clock ; he had on a clean pair of moleskin trousers, a crimean shirt witw a white shirt over, a pair of blucher boots and leggings, and a very fine cabbage-tree hat ; the night before, when he was killing the beast, he had on cord trousers ; I saw him about 5 o'clock in the evening, about fifty yards from the sta- tion ; he came riding up to the kitchen door ; the direction in which he came was from the eastward ; he had on the same clothes as when he left the station, but the white shirt looked dark on account of its being wet, there had been no rain at the station during the day, though there were appearances towards Gunda Creek ; the horse prisoner was riding was one of his own, but whether the roan or the bay I do not remember ; I noticed it was in a great sweat, and appeared nearly knocked up ; pri- soner took the saddle off and turned the horse into the paddock ; the horse stood at the gate some two or three hours, and seemed too tired to eat ; I saw William Beckett speak to prisoner, but I did not hear the conversation ; during the evening I said to prisoner, " Patsey, you have been riding your horse very hard?" he said, "Yie, I had a spin after some flyers , " by flyers I mean wild cattle ; I asked him if he had got a bend on them, and he said, "Yes ;" I saw prisoner seve- ral times during the evening, but noticed nothing particular about him ; I saw the prisoner the same evening in the parlor with the female prisoner ; they were together about half an hour ; Thomas Marsh slept in prisoner's bedroom that night ; no one but Doyle and prisoner left the station that day before dinner ; John Clancy arrived before dinner ; after dinner de- ceased and McGovern left ; deceased took a green hide strap with him, which belonged to me, I should know it from one of the strands being twisted under the knot ; deceased put it in his waistcoat pocket and went over to his saddle to put it on ; I saw the strap on the saddle with some things hanging to it when he went away ; deceased was riding a chestnut horse belonging to Clancy ; before he started the horse broke the bridle ; and deceased and McGovern mended it ; deceased had an overcoat on when he left and a green hide whip ; McGovern had on long boots outside his trousers, a crimean shirt, and a black hat ; they rode towards the crossing-place at Gunda Creek ; the place where deceased's body was found is about two miles from the crossing-place, and lies about due west from the house ; John Beckett and John Clancy rode away together about 2 or 3 o'clock ; they went towards Donga Station ; neitheir of them returned that night ; the other station hands were on the station all day. The Court adjourned at 6 o'clock till 10 o'clock the following morning. TUESDAY, MAY 9. The Court resumed at 10 o'clock this morning Examination-in-chief of John Aitken, con- tinued :-The saddle produced is that used by prisoner on Friday, 24th November last ; the strap on it is the one deceased took off my saddle on the 21st November ; I know the place on the station called the "old yard;" it is up Tartulla Creek in the opposite direction to Gunda Creek ; the "old yard" in a straight line would be eleven miles from the waterhole where the body was found ; I saw McGovern at the station the night of the 21st ; he came in about sundown and brought in a few horses ; McGovern left the station that day on purpose to get in horses to go with the cattle, and to fetch in one of his own ; McGovern left on the 22nd November to go with the cattle to St. George's Bridge, and he did not return for more than a fortnight after ; I heard of the finding of the horse that deceased was riding on Saturday, the 25th November, and on the following day news came of the murder ; the female prisoner was there ; when she heard it she said, "Patsey! Patsey! my God! what have you done?" By Mr. Blake: I knew prisoner some years ago, in Ipswich ; his father's house was about three miles from the town ; when he first came to the station he said he had come direct from his mother's ; I knew he had been in trouble, and at St. Helena, but did not know the particulars ; on the evening of the 20th both the young Becketts followed deceased and me into old Beckett's room ; when we went into the room both prisoners were in the parlor ; I went out once from the room during the evening and they were there still ; I swear that I said before the magistrates at Surat that the female prisoner made use of the words, *' Patsey! Patsey! my God! what have you done" when she heard of the murder, or about that time ; to the best of my belief Thomas Jones was present when she made use of the expression. William Turnbull deposed: I was a stock- man at Tartulla in November last, on the morning of the 21st November prisoner asked me to bring him up his roan horse from the paddock, as he wanted to turn his other two horses out to grass ; I brought the horse up for him, and he went away ; I saw prisoner at the stockyard that evening ; about half an hour before sundown, he was on foot ; he said he had seen plenty of grass, and had come across a mob of "fliers," up at the "old yard," near the creek ; he said he could not do any good with them, for though he had turned them two or three times they had got away ; I went to bed that night between 9 and 10 o'clock ; I saw prisoner about half an hour before that ; I got up next morning at daylight and went to the yards to draft cattle ; McGovern and William Beckett came to help ; we drafted about 200 out of a mob of 300 ; prisoner came up to the yards when we had nearly done ; I left the station that evening (the 22nd November) to join the cattle on the road. By Mr Blake: I did not return to the station for more than a week ; the murder was known when I returned ; prisoner was with me at the yard on the evening of the 21st November, whilst I was handling a young horse ; I did put on a white dress of Mrs Beckett's one night to frighten Mike Newsome and make him think it was the murdered man's ghost. John Clancy deposed: I am a contractor, re- siding at St. George's Bridge ; I was at Tar- tulla Station about the 21st November last ; I saw deceased there on that day ; I lent him a chestnut horse ; I left the station that afternoon with John Beckett, about 3 o'clock ; I did not see the chestnut horse again till some days after at Donga ; he was cut on the hock of the near hind leg ; I led him from Donga to St. George's Bridge ; the horse was not cut when I lent him to deceased. John Beckett deposed: I am a grazier ; I was at Tartulla on the evening of the 20th No- vember ; After tea, I was in my father's room with my brother (W. Beckett), the de- ceased, and John Aitkin ; I saw prisoner as I was going into my father's room, but I did not see him again till I went to bed ; I slept in the same room with him that night ; next morning prisoner said, "That fellow had great blowing about his money - what was it he was offering you for £3?" I told him it was a £4 cheque he was offering to sell me for £3 ; de- ceased had been talking about money in my father's room ; the conversation was about the purchase of cattle ; deceased offered a price for them, which was refused ; my father mentioned something about bills ; (deceased said, "I don't deal in bills ; if you like to let me have the cattle I can pay in ready cash, or in notes if required ; he showed me a cheque and told me he was going to pay it to Murphy ; the lawyer, for my brother William ; it was not signed ; the conversation I had with prisoner was shortly after breakfast ; I saw him again about an hour and a half afterwards, on the verandah, with a saddle on his arm ; after din- ner I saw the horse of the deceased saddled, ready for a start ; deceased, on putting on his poncho, frightened the horse, and it broke the head piece of the bridle ; when deceased left the station he had a green hide whip in his hand, broken at one end ; I left Tartulla that after- noon, about 3 o'clock, with Mr Clancy ; we went by the road to Donga ; we saw some drays camped at the woolshed, with two men and a boy By Mr Blake: I know a girl called Jane Ryle , a short time before the prisoner came to the station, I saw my brother William, beat her with a whip ; it was a green hide one, like the one produced, I took it out of my brother's hand, but I do not know if it was broken. Thomas Marsh (who gave his evidence with much difficulty owing to severe illness) de- posed: l am a grazier on the Maranoa ; I got to tartulla station about an hour before sun- down on the 21st of November last ; I slept there that night, in a little end skillion room ; prisoner slept in the same room ; he was in bed when I turned in ; I got up about 6 next morn- ing, prisoner was still in bed ; I do not know whether his (clothes were on or not, as he was underneath the bed-clothes ; there were no clothes by his bedside ; I left the door of the bedroom open when I went to bed, and it was open when I awoke ; I slept very soundly ; I awoke once in the night, but I do not know whether prisoner was there then or not ; I only spoke to him when I went to bed. John Shannon McGovern deposed: I am a stockman to John Beckett ; I was in William Beckett's employ up to the 22nd November last ; I first saw prisoner on the 12th Novem- ber, on the 14th I went with him to O'Brien's to fetch cattle ; we returned the next day to Tartulla ; I rode a black horse belonging to prisoner ; he rode a big bay one of his own ; I noticed the bridle prisoner was riding with ; it was of thick leather ; but very narrow ; he had another old bridle, with which he was lead- ing the pack horse ; he sold the old bridle a short time after to Thomas Jones ; we stayed on the night of the 14th at Glenair ; I slept in the same room with prisoner ; I saw him open his swag ; it had in it a blanket, quart pot, pair of moleskin trousers, crimean shirt, and a pair of blucher boots ; I went again with prisoner on the 18th, from Tartulla, to get cattle, and returned on the 19th ; he used the same bridle that he had before, but he had a different pair of reins ; he had changed the narrow reins with his sister (Mrs W Beckett) for a pair of wider ones ; the reins on the bridle now produced are those he got from his sistee ; the headpiece and forehead band are part of the narrow bridle, but the throat lash and cheek pieces appear to belong to another bridle ; the cheek pieces on the part of a bridle produced appear to belong to the narrow bridle, on the night of the 20th November I saw prisoner pull out a pair of trousers in the kitchen ; he had a pair of moleskin trousers on underneath ; I saw prisoner leave the station next day with the same pair of moleskin trousers ; about half past 1 on the 21st deceased and I went away from the station together ; before we started the horse of deceased broke its bridle ; deceased mended it by making a fresh hole in the cheek piece ; there were two pint pots and a pair of hobbles on the saddle ; fastened by a small horsehide strap ; I saw de- ceased take the same strap off Aitkin's saddle and put it on his own ; the reason I went at that time was that I was going to fetch in some horses to drive the cattle with ; when we left we took the direction of the Dongah crossing- place ; we went along the road all the way till we carme to the crossing at the Balonne ; when we got up the opposite bank, we came in sight of the Surat road ; we struck the road in sight of the woolshed, and about half a mile from it, we saw two bullock teams and a boy driving some spare bullocks behind ; travelling from Surat we can- tered along the road in the direction of Surat to the Long Swamp ; this is about 2½ miles from where we struck the road ; I turned off to the right to look for the horses, and deceased went on in the direction of Surat ; I never saw him again ; the waterhole where the body was found is about four miles from the Long Swamp on the left hand side of the road going to Surat ; I went about a mile up the swamp, and then turned toward Donga Station. The drays we had seen on the road were camped at Donga woolshed ; I went up to them and spoke to the men ; this was about an hour from the time we bad first seen them ; I left the teams and went down to Donga head station ; there was no one there ; I went out over the plain about one hundred yards from the drays up Donga Creek ; I found five horses and took them home ; I got home about sun- down ; I slept on the kitchen verandah, in front of the store door that night ; I got up next morning" soon after daylight, and went to the yard to draft cattle ; after breakfast I got ready for starting with them, and after din- ner I left the station with William Turnbull and William Beckett ; Beckett carme about two miles on the road with us and then turned back again ; I saw prisoner the day after I started ; he came to the mid-day camp with William Beckett ; they went on ahead to Moore's ; they both carme and camped with us that night, I noticed that prisoner's bridle had different cheek pieces ; I saw the bridle again at St. George on prisoner's horse ; I next saw it at Surat at the examination. The Court was then adjourned till 10 o'clock | tho following morning. 