JUST THE RELIGION THAT'S WANTED. WE want a religion (says a late issue of the British Messenger) that goes into the family, and keeps the husband from being, angry when the dinner's late, and keeps the dinner from being late-keeps the wife from fretting when the husband tracks the newly washed floor with his muddy boots, and makes the husband mindful of the scraper and door mat- keeps the mother patient when the baby is cross, and keeps tho baby* pleasant, "amuses the children as well as instructs them :-wins as well as governs-projects the' honeymoon into a: harvestmoon bearing in its .bosom' at once the beauty of.tho tender blossom and the glory of the ripened fruit. Wo want a "religion that bears heavily, not only on: " tho oxceeding sinfulness, of sin," but on the exceeding rascality of lying and stealing. A. .religion that banishes small . measures from the counters, small baskets from tho stalls, pebbles from the, cotton.- bags, clay from the paper, sand from the sugar, chicory from coffee, otter from butter, beet-juice from' vinegar, alum from bread, strychnine from wine, and water from milk cans. The religion that is to save the world will riot put all the big strawberries at the top, and the little ones at the bottom. It will not make one- half of a pair of boots of good leather and the other half of poor leather, so that the first will redound " to the credit of the maker, and the second to his cash." "It will not put Jouvin's stamp upon Jenkin'a kid gloves ; nor make Paris bonnets in the back-room of a Boston milliner's shop ;; nor let a piece of velvet that professes to measure twenty yards be nipped in tho bud of fourteeu and a half; nor the cotton thread spool break to the yard stick fifty short one yard of tho two hundred of promise that was given to tho eye; nor. yard wido cloth measure that was loss than thirty-six inches from selvage to selvage ; nor all wool delaines and all linen handker chiefs bo amalmagated with clandestine cotton ; nor coats mado of old rags pressed together to bo sold to the unsuspectiug public for tho legal broadcloth. It does uofc put bricks at five dollars per thousand into chimnies it contracts to build at seven dollar material ; nor smuggle white pine into floors that have paid for hard pine ; nor leave yawning1 cracks in closets where boards ought to join ; nor daub the ceiling that ought to be Smoothly plastered ; and make the window blind3 with slats that cannot stand, and paint that cannot stand the sun ; and fastenings that may bo looked at, but are on no account to be touched. The religion that is going to sanctify the world pays its debts. It does not con sider that forty cents returned for ono hundred cents given, is according to the Gospel, though it maybe according to law. It looks on a man who has failed in trade, and who continues to live in luxury, as a thief. CONSTABLE CALLAGHAN, LATE OP FORCES.-A petition, signed by 142 persons, has been presented^ fco the Assembly, for the purpose of reinstating Constable Callagban, of Forbes. The case seems a hard one. After 19Jr years of active service, without apparently a, scratch against his name, this officer is pronounced incapable of fulfilling his duties, although , (in the words of-'the petition) he "is as well able to perform any kind of duty, as he has been at any time for the last ten years. ? mouths longer service would; entitle; Callaghan to a pe'nsion. Surely justice demands, that an opportunity will be given to him to ask it, not as a favour, but as a right. THE FREQOENT Ft.?.-The fly is not only a domestic crittar, but a friendly one. How they git born I don't kno, but I have thought they didn't wait tew be born, bat com just as they. ara. ' Menney ov them are' cut off in the flower of their youth and usefulness. Some loose their lives by lighting too near the rim ov a toad's mouth, and 1 falling in when the toad gapes. Thou sands0 find a watery grave bi gittiiig drowned-iri milk-cans. Flys, morally considered, are like other, .human beings ; they won't light on a good healthy spot in a man, not if they cau find a place that is a little raw. I believe they are of< temperate habits ; and although they hang round grocerys a good deal, I never see a fly the wuss for liquor ; but i liave often seen liquor a good deal the wuss for flies.-Josh Billings. ; " -A JOSH B IL LINGS' ESS AT ON FASTIDIOUS-" NESS.--Fastidiousness iz "merely the. ignorance ov propriety.- I have saw people who had rather die and be buried than say bull. They wouldn't hesitate to say mala cow. If the thoughts are pure, and language iz chaste, it will do to say almost anything. The young lady who, a fu years ago, refused to walk akrost a potato field, belcauze the potatoze had eyes, rau away' from home soon afterwards with a jewelry peddler. Fastidiousness, az a general thing, iz a holydav virtew, and i hay frequently notissed that thoze indi viduals who are alwus afrade they shal cum akrost .surathing hily improper, are generally looking for it. Fastidious ness and delikasy are often konfounded, but thare iz this difference-the truly delikate aint afrade tew take holt ov thing that they are willing tew touch at all with their naked hands, while: the fastidious are willing to take . enny thine with gloves on. Delikasy is the coquetry of truth ; ; fastidiousness is the prudery of falsehood. You will stare at a strange notion of mine. If it appears oven a mad ono, do not wonder. . Had I children, my. utmost endeavours would be to make them musicians. Considering :! have no ear, nor oven thought of music, the preference seems 'odd, and yet it is embraced on frequent recollection. In short,. as my aim would be to make them happy, I think it the most prob able method. It is a resource which will last -them their lives.-Horace Walpole. A FAST WOMAN.-A damsel who resides in the neighbourhood of the Mississippi, as the Chicago Journal informs us, lies in bed smoking every day till noon, and so manages to; consume 100 dollars worth of tobacco, J per annum. Also she is addicted to opium, to morphine, and to chloroform, and altogether fulfils the ideal of the Girl of the Period, as set forth iu the: Saturday Review, and justifies all the warnings of the. Spectator about the dressing boxes full of chloral. Within a, circle of twenty miles'of this sweet creature, we are ominously told, twenty-. five murders have been committed within a few months. It would be interesting to know whether murderers and murdered were rivals for the hand of this young lady., . : SlIOKED-OUT BY A BAILIFF.-A little incident rather suggestive of the niodus operandi of the French in Algeria during, the Arab rebellion, but by no means so cruel, is current in town, and we will publish the mere outlines as represented to us. A bailiff proceeded to a place we will designate as, Milk man's Plain,-to levy upon a household for distress for rent.. Upon arrival at his destination, the bailiff was admitted, and he announced his business. ^ A short time afterwards he stepped into the yard and took the saddle off his hors. Alas ! on his return he found that the house was locked up, and he could nob gain a re-entry. His com pany was not desired. The bailiff afterwards lit a smoking fire near the domicile, and duly invested it. The occupants had made no provision for a siege, and a friend subsequently at tempted to Bupply food to tho beloa gured force ; but his effort was frustrated by tho bailiff, who, we hoar, will have to answer a case of assault. Ultimately tho distressed parties, thoroughly smoked-out, had to cave-in to the bailiff. It is said that tho head of tho house will seek for daraagos in the Supreme Court against tho land lord.-Monaro Mercury. A BRAGGART ON BRAG.-In this round game we call life it.is all "brag'." The fellow with the worst card in tbe pack, if he'll only risk his head on it, keep a bold face to the world and his own counsel, will bs sure to win. Bear in mind, Dick, that for some time back I have been keeping the company of those great swells who sit highest in the synagogue and dictate to us small publicans. I have listened to their hesitating counsels and their uncertain resolves ; I have seeu the blotted despatchesand equivocal message given, to be disavowed if needful ; 1 have assisted at those dress rehearsals where speech was to follow speech, and what seemed an incautious avowal by one was to be: " improved " into a bold declaration by another, " in another place ; " in fact, my good friend, I have been near " enough to measure the mighty intelligence that directs us, and if I were,;nqt a believer in Darwin I should be-, ver.y much shocked for what humanity was coming to. A DUTCHMAN'S JTEMPERANCE. LECTURE. -"I sail tell how it vos. I drunk mine peer, den 1 put mine hand on mine head, and dere vos one pain ; den I put raiue- hand on mine pody, and dere vos noder pain f den- I puts mine hands in ruinB-;pocket, and dere vos nothing. So I-jiue mid demperance. Now dere is no pain in mine head, and de pain in mi tie pody vos all gone avay. I. put mine hand iu mine pocket and dere vos dwendy pound So I stay raid de demperance peoples." EDITORIAL AMENITIES.-We regard the Chronicle'sAtrocious correspondent as an infernal fiend, a false-tongued midnight monster, a red-handed assas sin, a thief, a he school-marm, a fraud, a ghost, and an unpleasant person ! We esteem him a pea-green demon of the steaming pit, with a cottonwood tail, eyes in his sides, and a cork neck studded with hot door-knobs ! If there is anything-worse than this, we-think him that.--San Francisco Neiv Letter. AN EDITORIAL TOMBSTONE.-The fol lowing, says the San: Francisco Call, is an inscription on a tombstone erected over the grave of an editor's wife in the vicinity of that town :-" To the memorv~-of"-Tabitha, wife of Moses Skinner,"Esq., Gentlemanly Editor of tbe Trombone. Terms, 3 dols.. a year in advance. A Kind Mother and: Exemplary Wife. Office over Cole man's Grocery, up Two Flights of .Stairs;'/- Knock Hard. 'We Shall Miss Thee, Mother, We - Shall Miss Thee. Job Printing Solicited." CLERICAL COURTSHIP.-A rev. gentle man in the Church , of Scotland, now deceased, had prepared, with great i care, a series of discourses on the parable of the ten virgins, and had made use of them rather longer than some of his brothers thought him 1 entitled «to.- On the eve. of a. Com munion. --Sabbath, when assisting a brother clergyman in the same presby tery, onei of his series was delivered, which the: ministers ears had listened to oftener than he had wished. When the services-..were over, and on their way to the .manse; "Man, John," said the minister, " ye should gie up thae virgins, for they're really auld maid's now." ? 'x DANGERFAU AND NEAR.-The- Moni teur, in 1815, then the organ of Louis XVIII., thus, from day to day, recorded the progress of the first Napoleon from the Elba to Paris :-" Anthropophagist: has escaped."' "The Corsican ogre has landed." " The tiger is coming." "The monster has slept at Grenoble." "The tyrant has arrived at Lyons." "The usurper has been seen in the? environs . of Paris." " Buonaparte advances towards, but will never enter, the capital." " Napoleon will be under our ramparts to-morrow." : " His Imperial Majesty entered the Tuileries on the 21st March, in the midst of his faithful subjects."' I JOSH BILLINGS INSURES HIS LIFE.-I kum tew the conclusion lately that life wus so uncertain that the only wa for me to stand a fair chance with other folks wus to get my life insured, and so I called on the agent of the Garden Angel Life Insurance Co., and1 answered the following questions which was put to me over the top ov a<pair, of goold specks, by a slick, little, : fat,-, -old feller, with a round grey bead,; and az pretty a: little belly az enny man ever owned. Here they are l. -Are you. male or female ? If so, state how long ;ybu have been so. 2.. Are you subject to fits, and. if so, do yoUihave more. :than one at a time ? 3\. W|iat,is;yourprecise fiteing weight ?; A. Did ,you,;ever./bave enny ancestors, and if so,hhqw.: much ?. 5. What is your: legal opipion ov,.the constitu tionally of the - ten commandments ? 6, Do you ever have epuy nitomaro ? 7\. Are yu married, and live single, or1 are yu-,a bachelor? 8. Du. yu .believe in a futuc state ? If yu du,; ; state it. - '9. What are yure privato sentiments a'oout-a rush ov rats to the head-can it be did 'successfully ? 10. Have yu .ever, committed suicide, and if so; how. doos it seem to affect yu ? 11; 'Did yu ever liav,the meezls ; if so, how many ? j. After answering the above questions like a man, on the confirmative, the .slilc, little, fat old feller, with ,goold specks on, ced Iwaz ; insured for life, and probably would remain so for a term of. years. I thanked him, and smiled one of my most pensive smiles. 