NEWS AND NOTES. The free and independent people who may become electors if they like. do not seem to care very much about it, for Mr Christy informs us that very few have taken out rights. For the greater convenience of persons at present not on the roll, Mr Christy will attend at his office,-in Camp street, every, evening from six to eight p.m., to.issue rights to applicants. It appears that the information given to .us as to a proposed meeting of the members.of St. John’s Church to consider the recent proceedings of Mr'M’DowaU in reference to the Rev. Duncan Fraser had a very slight foundation. We aieinformed that the session knows nothing about the matter beyond what has appeared in our own columns; nor does - the committee; >Mem bers of the church .cannot call a meeting, the session only having that power, and there does not, at present, seem to be any intention of calling one. Three burglars were cleverly captured at Castle maine on Friday morning early, after breaking into the premises.'of; Mr ; Edwards, Market [ square, s They are stated to be all convicted thieves, and ore not long out of Fentridge, Ji ; -.- n t The beautiful: weather of last week broke on Sunday, and sifter a dusty forenoon; and a lowering noon, rain fell .rather heavily at intenrals- in. the afternoon and evening. . '. • 7 " A Chinese, who is supposed to have'been already in possession bf h pair ',of chop : sb - cks, attempted to steal a . bag of rice from outside Mr Draper’s grocery store, iri Bridge street, on Saturday night. - He -was caught in the act by, Sergeant Larner,. and brought to the East ern lock-up, v : .;i : . , -A request was.made to the of Roads and Railways on Friday by the Ballaratshire Council. It was that the Government would grant a sum of £20,000 for the purpose of planting trees on the main roads of the colony. Mr Steavenson, the assistant commissioner, pointed out that tree-planting was going on in a number of districts, but not one of them had made such an application as this. The reply given to ■ the.deputation- : wa3. that therequesfc could not be en tertained at present.v-The Commissioner informed-tbo deputation that it is"the .intention of the Government to introduce a clause in the Amending Shires' Statute ■ giving powerto local~councils to-granb permission to persons.to remove fences a few feet into any road so as'td encourage the planting and growth of live It is very early in'-the’--'season for snakes to be making their appearance; one, however, on Thursday fqrehboDp.was - lying" basking'- ob/.sbme Chips a :,tree hail beeucutup uii . tho reuge. ot., Ihe.upper.eud of . Uncle Ned's GIIII3', about; a. mfle.,frqm.;Siuj.f§es "daleV:' *Mr S. : Hopton,.a resident oi-'Smythesdale,- w,as takibg : a wilt, in,the busli.on ‘.that -day, accompanied by hi3 dog' when, at' the place referred" to,,bus atten-1 -tion- was-attracted by. his .dog attacking the reptile.': : Mr,, Hopton, fearing hisdog.-,would get .bitteD,-called' ■him off and’despatched the'snake himself;.' -It was* of the black sortj'Jand measured" nearly four feet;,’ in length'. ] ’ '' '" ' "" ‘ " ' r '' ' 1 -At a meeting .held / at Daley’B hotel,.on Saturday ■ evening, ot< the Bungaree and Dean.ploughing Match committee? Mr- M‘Cormick :iii the:'chair,:tlie comimt tee to' select- the "ground' for the' match. reported • the result -.of - its; labors, -’and rbcommended-rMr .Avery’s ■farm as the best-place-whereon top-bold, the match;— ‘The report: was adopted. -.The' prize-list, with; the . necessarjr rules . and. regulations, .was. framed ..and ordered.- to be duly? advertised, in;-the. (Sldr,’Courier, and Creswick Advertiser. -Mr Drummond was -re quested to act as ’honorary secretary and -member of the committee to see. tb.ajTangements prior to’ holding .-the match.;: It is intended to give oyer.’£3oln prizes alone. The last meeting of the Committee ■ prior to "holding"the match-will take place'on-the' 26th inst. .It is expected-that a large number of -entries will "be made on. the day of the match,- and the committee is .it BhUlbea success..r'-'. if ’ 3- ■aj.Mr.Gauntj- P.Mvattended at the :City ,:Police-court on Saturday, and fined one drunkard—the’ ’only - : busi- c -nesspn-the sheet. -In-the- East, as quiet, Mr Eastwood, J.P., haviug only to dispose of, afew more.inebriates. .: --:c.-:.tor.. z. . 1 5 The Rev. A. W. Grant, of the Dawson' street Bap-" tist Church,'delivered a very interesting lecture before: a crowded audience, inthe Theatre Royal, on Sunday; -night, on “-The Gospel according to Beelzebub." He commenced by admitting that there was something anomalous in a Christian minister taking up such 'a subject; but he justified his doing so' by stating that large numbers of persons who rarely or never enter a 'church might be -anxious to hear something concern ing one in whom they, appeared to believe. - 'He then proceeded to show the remote antiquity of the gospel in question,'pointing out how it dated back far before Confucius—far before almost every, other gospel.that was known. It was clearly set forth in the third chapter of Genesis, where “ the serpent said unto the woman,ye shall not surely die; for God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened; and- ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.” Mr Grant then described as being clearly the disciples of Beelzebub all those who believed, or pre tended to believe, that the earth, the air, the sun, the moon, and the stars were brought together “by a for- tuitous concourse of eternal atoms,” and he was parti cularly severe upon the fatalists. He would not say whether he did or did dot believe in predestination, but he was certain that the doctrine of the fatalists was predestination run clean mad. He could not very much blame the worshippers of Beelzebub when he remembered that many very great men had worship- ped him many thousands of years ago, and had, long since gone to keep company with him below. At the conclusion, Mr. Grant intimated that on next Sunday' evening he would’ deliver another lecture in the same place, entitled " A New Way to Pay Old Debts.” . •'■ The remains of the late Mr William Fitzpatrick were on Sunday, buried in the new cemetery. The funeral was largely attended. The pall-bearers con- sisted of the main body of the staff of the Post-office, a member of which the deceased had been for“aboufc , eight years. He had for foe many weeks previous to his last illness resigned his appointment in consequence of continued ill health, and it is to be hoped his widow will reap what benefits may accrue from that pro- cedure. A committee meeting of the Miners’ Loan anil Pros pecting Association was held’atr'Tu'ckett’s hotel on Saturday. >‘Present^ Messrs ’ Baker; Ltiplaii, Hain, Crowther,' Downing.' ! Mr M’Dowall occu pied the chair.-. Moved, by Mi-. Baker, seconded by Mr Downing—“ That bn receipt of-telegram from Mr W. C. JSmith, M.L.A., .fixing a day, for., the deputation to wait on the Chief Secretary, the secretary write to each minibgboard, borough and shire council, requesting them to appoint tv delegate to represent their respec tive districts on .the. deputation.” , Moved, by, Mr LupUui,-. Seconded by Mr Crowther—“That the secre tary write, to. all public bodies, explaining the objects of the association, and requesting their co operation.” Moved by Mr Baker, seconded by Mr Crowther— “That"the secretary send subscription bookri by piK-t.” —Carried. Moved by Mr Downing, seconded by Mr Hain—“That the .secretary call the next meeting when he shall find it necessary.”—Carried. A letter was read from Mr Vallins, by Mr Baker, giving some very good practical ideas on the subject of assisting prospecting. The letter- was received with thanks. A vote of thanks to.the chair closed the meeting. - The first anniversary of the opening of St. John’s Presbyterian Church, Peel street, took place yesterday. The ltev. I. Hethefington of Scots’'Church, MeK. bournej pfeached' : in the'mornihg. He took his text from the 3rd chapter of -the Ist Corinthians, 2tst to 23rd versej in these words Therefore let no man glory in men, for : all things are yours; whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life; or death, or things present, or things to come; all are'yours; and ye are-Christ’s, and Christ is God’s.” In the afternoon the Rev. Joseph Dare occu pied the pulpit, and preached an eloquent discourse to a crowded' church and an attentive congregation.' He took his text from the la3t clause of the 19th verse of 28 th chapter of Matthew, in these words:—“ln the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy. Ghost.” In the evening the Rev.' J. W. Inglis resumed: liis place in the pulpit, and delivered an interesting sermon. The sermon, he intimated, was the first sermon he laid delivered on liis entering the ministry. The text was a3 follows (Luke, Ith e. 18th to 21st v.): — “ The spirit of the Lord is upou me, because he hath anointed me to preach the Gospel to the poor; he hath sent'me to heal the broken-hearted, to preach deliver ance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty those that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he closed the book, and he gave it agaiu to the minister and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him, and he began to say unto, them, This day is this Scripture fulfilled in your ears.” Collections were made at the clo3e of each ser vice, the amount collected being about £10." The church was well filled at each service. A soiree iu connection with above services will be held iu the Alfred Hall this evening; tea! on the tables at six o’clock. After tea, addresses will be delivered by the following gentlemen:—Revs. I. Hetherington, J. JDare, J. Smeaton, IV. Henderson,F. L. Wilson, and others. The choir, under the leadership of Mr Thomas, will give selections of music during the evoniug. The Independent Order of Good Templars is cer tainly spreading with remarkable rapidity. Hot only are new lodges being opened in various parts of the colony, but thoso already opened are very rapidly in creasing in numbers. The most successful lodge in Victoria, however, ib the Queen Victoria L>dge, No. 5, Ballarat. It has not yet been, instituted three months, and ha3 a.roll of 35S initiated members, and over 200 additional candidates. Last week it held two meetings, viz., the usual weekly meeting ou Tues day evening, and a special meeting on Saturday night. Tins latter meeting was held to suit the convenience of several candidates whose special engagements pre vent them, for a time, attending on the ordinary night of meeting. On Tuesday 12 candidates were initiated, and on Saturday 23; and during the week 50 were proposed. The ceremonies were very im pressively worked. Sister Cornell presided .at the organ (one kindly lent by Mr Brown), which, with the choir under the - able superin tendence of Br James Ureu, was a great 'acquiaition. After the Bervice short addresses were- delivered by the'Revs. Joseph Dare, James Bickford,-David Parry, and Messrs L. S. Christie, J. A. Doanej James Francis,; Kelly, and-David • Clarke Macpherson . (of Darling hufst), all of whom expressed: their .pleasure at being members of so valuable an order. We are informed that the large number ef candidates on the books, and the number who are constantly applying for initiation, render it necessary that the lodge should initiate weekly, instead of as heretofore, fortnightly, conse quently Tuesday next will be a night for initiation. A temple in connection'with the lbdgo is about to be established, for the purpose of conferring the higher degrees of the Order with all the. impressiveness which, external surroundings will assist in giving. The dis trict-deputy, Br James Baker, assisted by Br Jame3 Menzies, instituted the Rose of .CoglullV Lodge, at Coghill’s Creek, on Monday last; and • on Friday,' assisted by eight of-the Officers and members of the Queen Victoria . Lodge; he instituted the Security- Lodge, at Scotchmans, and.has several other requisi tions in • hand. We are requested to state that the ’ new hall will not be ready for Tuesday (to-morrow). The collections yesterday morning and evening at Christ Church-were in aid of the benevolent asylum, and although the usual notice by advertisement -was unfortunately not published, the funds did not seem, .-by .the .appearance of .the plates, to suffer much in the morning,- but the change ; in - the .jveather at night' slightly altered affairs, notwithstanding those present gave freely. Mr J. C. Rowlands’ hounds met on Friday at Pra ter’s Racecourse hotel, Buninyong. racecourse, when there was a good muster of the lovers of the chose, in cluding Messrs Burrough, Rawlings, Bishop, Hedrick, Kelsall, Perrott, Brown, Jones, and Prater, all of oiL.bei&g; ; “ straightgoers,” ’and, a See matteirof eo'hrse, on being able to do what the A ryus'elegantly describes'alienee “negotiation.” The day was ..remarkably fine, and the hunters were in fitting -mood -“to~ chide .the. thunder ,if it. at them. roared.” The hounds were thrown off at the Log Hut, “ quarry” was sprung in Eucalyptus Flat, and .the. chase thenjed. to. the. Whim. Holes, from which point the kangaroo. crossed over to Monkey Gully, and then headed 'towards Staffordshire Reef, bearing round by the.Derjvent Jack's .racecourse., At the hill \- adjacent to the. racecourse the hounds got; among quite a mob of fr.eslrlmngaroos, : biib the ground in .this part of a °quicksdnd;-and eventually the.footingJor.the horses, became jso dangerous and exhausting that it was found necessary. to call off the hounds: The run at first lay. through dense scrubby ranges, : but by-and-by 1 there was a lirietof 'open country traversed, and a. fence or. two, “negotiated.”.■] The hunters estimate the run as having- extended.for from fifteen' to twenty-five - miles before-the. hounds were called off. All but one of 7,the animals obeyed'the call, and the poor, laggard found its way, to,Rawlings’ hotel, on Sunday morning, hardly able to crawL : We uh'dera^Athat.Mr.'Bmrrough’s horse dropped down dead on the way, hoineYto, Prater’e hotel on Friday, and Mr Jones' horse was so badly knocked up that it had to be left for the night at'Staffordshire Reef.- ‘ At the Pioneers committee meeting, at ,:the Buck’s Head on. Saturday night, the president in • the • chair, the tender of' Hr Walker,''as "caterer for the, banquet on Monday nextj:.was:accepted, and Hr].O.ddie.and;the secretary, undertook to, Bee certain persons 1 in the mattef'bf 4iiiU’decorations; Itwak' reported ,-that a Pioneers music party Had up, sb' that', the banquot may be enlivened with Bong.; Forms ior the Pioneer roll > were submitted, and the' secretary and Mr Withers] were' 'emp&’syered, to . take ‘the; necessary stepsiocproviding the;roll Returns of tickets'sold were made and home moneys paid in, and it was ordered that advertisements beinserted - in the papers request ing], Pioneers*who mean to be at the banquet,.'to'.take their rickets not later than Wednesday mext,-in. order that the caterer may kuow whaffto be about.' -Tho president and treasurer promised .to. see !to certain matters in ] .connection, with the]ybanquet; Vui3'].Mr Davies- has charge of the printing of the programmes. ' jhe committee will meet again on] Wednesday evening at jke]same]place. '] ]]* ’] ] 'sermphs were’-preached on Sunday at the Neil'street Wesleyan Church, by the Revl Messrs Crisp, Bickford, and Dare:. This evening, ; a.,tea].]and public meeting will be held, and addresses delivered' by tho Revs'.;J. Dare, J. ]W; Crisp,;Jas::Biekfordj and other gentlemen. —i '■ '"Oiir "advertising, columns] invite the attention of copper.miners; .for.Qiieehsland iCih want of such men. Messrs. Walker and Cos., of tlio Union Foundry, are.the people to apply to for all the information miners open to engagement may rfiquire in the matter.; . " - Says Saturday’s Argns: —“The city council of:Bal *larat and the Bhiro council have had a lqrig standing dispute about] the distribution of the local toll funds. The Bhire gets about 153 in the pound, and the’ city coundl-the- balance; ; but the : ; slnre says that it has nearly the whole of the'main roads to maintain, and the city only half, a mile of .each uf them. -An effort was made by the. Commissioner, Railways/ana Roads •to arrange the-differences “on -Thursday, 15th instant, but papers needed Idolting into; and the’busi ness was adjourned until Friday. >:Mr Robert] Lewis, mayor of Ballarat, accordingly l came down-to repre sent the city council and confroht.Mr George, Murray, ther president of the shire, wKd had appeared"for- the' other.body- The Commissioner: of Railways,:pro bably wearied unto death by over-much ‘ interviewing,’ did not' appear at his office yesterday with his custo mary .punctuality. .The two .delegates, therefore, passed-away half an hour with'the secretary of rail ways, who found' it utterly impossible to effect auy reconciliatiqn. Then they went out upon the railiyay: platform, and interested themselves for a while in the arrival and] departure of trains, but the occupation, 'had become' tiresome,' \vhcn ]suddenly they heard the rumor that, the Commissioner was at the Lands Office ’opening, tenders, ]whithqr, after they had awakened; high hopes in the breasts of several cabmen,'they, im mediately hurried. But the delegates found, some-: -.body else opening the tenders, and had to walk back disconsolate to the Railway Department. Later in the day they got the- hearing -they wanted, and de bated the knotty question ably, but l in the' most amicable spirit. The city council eventually succeeded in the argument, for Mr GiUies decided to Jet matters stand as they were, for he thought it undesirable to interfere with the . arrangement which had ; existed since 1864, more particularly a3 a third . body,-the Creswickshire, which was partly interested, had not been heard.” . - . ; ■ Ur Dobson has been returned unopposed fori the South Province. A writ has been' issued! for the South-western Province, the seat of Mr James Henty haviug become vacant. The day of nomination is the 23rd instant; of the polling, the 4th proximo, and of tue return of the writ, the 1 10th September. ' We are informed that 'Mr Long, wholesale confec tioner and biscuit manufacturer, has taken a'step' which we .hope that all other, employers will, follow, with a view of not throwing any obstacle in the way of the-early closing movement. • He has commenced to pay his employees (over twenty in number) on Fri " day instead or Saturday as formerly. This is a step in the right direction. - . ; At-Bardwell’s Royal Studio there are now" on view photographs of the leading artistes of the Lyster and Cagli -.opera company. They are, as usual at this. Btudio, admirably done, and one large portrait of i Signora tßusisio is especially worthy of inspection. There are also cartes of la madre Bosisio.. A conference between , the members of the Clunes Borough Council and representatives from the several mining companies will take place this afternoon at the borough chambers.; . The-meeting called at Clunes on Friday evening to consider the proper steps to be taken in supporting the prospecting scheme propounded by Mr W. C. Smith lapsed in consequence of the small attendance. The Creswick Amateur Serenaders gave a perfor mance on Friday night for the benefit of the Mount Prospect SchooL The efforts of the company were de serving of the continued applause lavished upon them by’ii well-filled house. At the close of the concert daueiDg commenced, and was kept up with vigor until morning. There i3 a movement on foot to obtain an extension of the telegraph to Learmontb, the nearest wire being, we believe, at present about five miles from the township. The following completes our report of proceedings in the Legislative Assembly on Friday:—“ Mr James moved a resolution to the effect that no intoxicating liquors be sold within the precincts of Parliament House. The motion was negatived by s majority of 21 to S. After some discussion it was arranged that the bill of the late Attorney- General, providing for mining on private property, should be printed and dis tributed amongst hon.. members. The House then weut into committee, and passed the estimate of ex penditure uuder the Railway Loan Act of 1863 for tho current year. The Railway Loan Application Bill was read a third time and passed. The House then adjourned until Tuesday. The local members of the Mining Board desire us (Pleasant Creek News) to contradict most decidedly a statemeut by our contemporary that they intend to convene a public meeting to support Mr \Y. C. Smith’s Prospecting. Loan scheme. They.are of opinion that no portion of Mr W. C. Smith’s scheme is worthy of their support, except that proposing to give bonuses to such tniuiug eompauies as attain a great depth in sinking for quartz reel's. A settlement of the ground, that has been threaten ing some time, took place in the claims 6 and 7 North Crosa Reef last week. The rush of air through the underground workings is said to have been so . strong in -consequence of the fall of the ground that men working in a claim 200 feet away were knocked off their feet by the shock. The Bendiyo Advertise]' notices with regret the re moval to a luuatie asylum, of Mr Darutou Watson, a well-known citizen of ‘ Sandhurst. Our contemporary adds that “ heavy losses in mining speculations arc said to be-the approximate cause of hi3 mental de rangement" ' The Minister at Railways (says the Ary us) has in structed Mr Meikle, the' locomotive superintendent of Victorian Railways, ’to enquire into the fatal accident which occurred on the railway line at Sandhurst, on Thursday, when a little child was run over by a train. The Department of Trade and Customs has notified that cattle, horses, or sheep arriving in any part of Victoria from. Europe or America will not be permitted to laud without undergoing an inspection ’by a duly qualified officer, and obtaining a permit that they are free from infectious diseases. • The chemists and druggists Vf Melbourne in con clave have resolved that all chemists’ shops shall be closed at nine o’clock p.m. each evening except Satur day, and that shops be closed on Sundays from 1 to . 6 p.m. r These regulations are to he contingent upon 75 per cent.'of the trade agreeing. The "only'uotice of motion given on Friday night was by Mr Longmore, to increase the Bum appro priated- by the Government for main road construc tion purposes to the maximum amount fixed by law, viz., £70,000. He proposes to move this motion when ! the House -next 'goes into committee of supply. During'the stay of the Flying Squadron. at Port Louis, Mauritius (the Commercial Gazette states), some of'the sailors- grossly misconducted themselves in the town. They “ pillaged shops, stopped hired carriages and spring-carts, compelling drivers to take them, mounted on the railway locomotives and carriages when they were in movement, and created so much alarm as to induce several retail ’dealers to wait on tho commander, Captain Waddilove, to request him to prevent these disorders. He promiZTT a ° M^ssa K. Turner, for the Ballan divisC- H Myrniong,-.'deputy for the Bacchusi Marsh -_J?he first-practical Btep_ (remarks the Age) w'l : taken for, the. suppression of the akvVflii ---3 South Pacific. At Sydney, under England, the Admiralty officers hare Iroi!1 Binalf vessel, and intend fitting- her oVa, . w a ship of a fleet to be enepgedffi nuttimfY^ 16 6,81 napping.,, r The evidence ®ot Dr Mwnv Ki police, court at Sydney, given ntMimAti] “ lore ffe the'Carl brig,'will tendstUl furtß tuTl? sentiment on this .question. At last tW» t!. ? üblic dawn a hope that.those who have for so lona b carried on this iniquitous traffic will a» g 1 H 0 * stopped, and.probably be made to answer misdeeds. . ' • 'i 4 Ior There is’ a probability’ of sugar being V erv do,, «• season, as we learn, that the crop at Jr-mrit; - “ a expected to be very large; and, in order DOt full, supply for'the European market a 5 ? steamer has been, laid on from London mV “ Canal to load 1200 tons of sugar from the firsfcro^ We (ITeraJd) learn, on enquire, that then.* foundation forthe.rumor alluded to in our M W Friday touching the death of one child from - rw tion,,and the dangerous illness of another same cause The child who died had been three months previously, .the cause of death k certified by the medical attendant to be eczema, other child, vaccinated at the same time and from ti same arm, was a successful patient. The v-uWn,.- in both cases went through the regular satisfactory, manner. 1 ° “° 4 * a 3 We are compelled to hold over till to mormm report of the meetmgof the Ballarat Toimorrow evening the boat-race between Bridge House and the Criterion House crews will hb place. As the aspirants for aquatic honors have > up their training well, turning .out in all weather tho early rnornmg too, a good race may be looked for Great interest ,in the; event is taken by each ho, , on it fair OnC3 , We :Un 4 era tand, have manyglow’ .The Royal Magnet Troupe had two good houses oa baturday; an afternoon performance haviiw given for the benefit of country visitors and°othep Mr Moore, who seems to have about him a sort rf inexhaustible bottle of novelties, brought out a now sensation on Saturday for visitors to the ve-til,,! of the institute.' , The walls were hung with "comic scenes in Parisian life during.the recent sicte Th -. -were,much gazed at all- day, and they who did Tot understand the French reading matter at the bottom . -SEike pictures could nevertheless get some fun out oi the pictures, which spoke for'themselves; and so does that larger and more brilliant series of pictures which makes'up the diorama of Paris in Flames \ vivid notion of the beauty and the tragic fate oi the beleaguered city is given by the exhibition, and ewv man, woman,.and child, in Ballarat ought to «,>u> see it. :t, ■ ~ , ° a 