TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. I' ASSOCIATED PKESS TELEGRAMS'!. Geelong, 28tli July. — The late Mr John Moffat's body was buried at Galle ; it was refused to be taken on board the 1- aroda, for the pur pose of being brought to Australia ? a _ i /-v i _ _ ior re-interment m ueelong, with out special authority from the board ( of directors in .London 5 a telegram was sent from Galle to London for - instructions ; it is most likely that - the body will arrive next mail. . Sydney, 27th July.— The resolu tion proposed in the Assembly last i night for a Californian mail subsidy was carried, with the restriction that the contract should be submitted to Parliament previous to acceptance. The Government has offered ano ther £100 reward for the apprehen sion of the garotters who caused the death of Mr Simpson. Mr Beit, a passenger by the steamer City of Melbourne, died of appoplexy dur ing the passage. The sailors have , struck for an advance of wages, and ask £6 a month for the coasting '* voyage. The schooner Lavinia, from the South Seas, reports that upon visiting Florida island, in the Solomon group, the trading boat's crew was sent ashore, and the cap tain's boat afterwards left ; when the latter returned they found that the natives had murdered the first boat's crew, and then attacked the vessel, killing those on board, con sisting of five whites and three Poly nesians ; the captain, with one white and three islanders, managed to regain possession of the vessel, and, having obtained part of the crew at San Cristoval, returned here. Adelaide, 27th July. — The re venue returns for six months ending 30th June shows the receipts to have been £281,000, as against £266,000 for the same period of last year. Smelting of iron has been commenced in Adelaide, an un limited quantity of rich iron ore being procurable here. The South Australian Gas Company has de clared a dividend of 10 per cent., and the Adelaide Meat Company a dividend of 2s per share. The lambing this season is very uneven ; in some places it is only 50 per cent., and at others, 95 per cent. Some silk sent from Adelaide has been valued in London at from 5s to 6s per lb. Adelaide flour in England has netted £12 10s a ton. Wahgunyah, 29th July. — A very large meeting was held at Corowa this afternoon, to protest against the Border duties ; resolutions were car ried framed in the strongest lan guage ; a customs league is about being formed here, and a determina tion exists to resist the collection of duties even to a breach of the peace. Sydney, 29th July. — The coal companies at Newcastle have de cided to give an immediate advance of 6d wages, conditional on the miners submitting to a reduction on the 1st January, if after the prices of coals have been raised they, are again reduced. A fine sample of tin ore was received to-day from the Murray district, about ten mileg from Albury. The Agricultural Society intend to hold an interco lonial show next April. Fifteen tons of quartz from Krohman's claim yielded, nearly 7000 oz. of gold. The captain and crew of the brig Carl, charged with the inurder of Polynesians, have been remanded pending Dr Murray's arrival from Sandhurst. Three houses in Mary street, Brisbane, were burned down on Saturday night. R.M.S. Baroda arrived early this morning. Mr Parkes has postponed his motion for an address on the rejection of the Customs Duties Bill until Wed nesday, so as to obtain supply for the current month. The Newcastle miners have accepted the employers' offer, and the strike has ended. Holders of pig iron have advanced the price to £10 ; deals are a farth ing higher. Adelaide, 29th July.— The de lay in the arrival o £ the estafette is attributable td^fcke horses knocking up 4 communicatioh^y cable is daily i expected ; the work ok the overland line is progressing satisfactorily. A I? . farmer named Angus M'Kinpon was 1 . found drowned in the Biver Tprrens m yesterday. The horse express, with pi, telegrams for England, leaves T^n fe nant's Creek to-morrow. The En K glish and Australian Copper Com ?fe^pany received a telegram dated 5th H^Tjuly, reporting the price of copper ?p/-at £107. HI; Wood's Point, 30th July. — A heavy snow has been falling along Br ~ the Yarra roads ; on Saturday the pL morning' coach was unable to pro §/ Nceed beyond a dozen miles ; on 81111 day evening tlie mailman returning narrowly escaped a fatal inj ury near S jgf'. the Springs ; the horse he was riding fell with him 50 feet down a sidling ; on recovering himself Martin was forced to walk after the horses, which kept the road; they were stopped and secured at the first house approaching Matlock. Sydney, 30th July. — The Presi dent of the Upper House has ad mitted that a ruling given by him on Wednesday last on the border duties question was wrong. The A,S.N. Company intend to despatch the Governor, one of their fastest steamers, to King George's Sound this month with the mails ; she leaves here on Thursday. Cusack has been scratched for the Metropo litan, and Lady Clifden for the Hawkesbury Turf Club Handicap ; a bet of 2000? to 80? has been laid against the Little Dick for the Mel bourne Cup. Adelaide, 30th July. — The reso lution submitted by Mr Hodgkiss in the Legislative Council. ' That it is desirable the colony should be placed in a more efficient state of defence,' has been carried. The Marine Board attributes the ground ing of the Gulnare to overloading at Port Darwin and to indecision on' the part of the master, Captain Sweet. The floods in the Northern district have destroyed large num bers of sheep- A silver claret jug has been presented to' Mr Gabriel Burnett for his services in connec tion with sporting matters. Good wheat is wanted at 5s 8d to 5s 9d, but is not procurable ; flour remains steady at 12 1 15s to 13?. A fish hawker named M'Farland died yes terday from injuries received in a quarrel with a man named Tynns, whose arrest was ordered to-day. Sydney, 3 1st July. — The Govern ment have withdrawn the Border Customs resolutions ; Mr Parkes said that he intended to enter into a treaty with Victoria at the earliest possible moment. The Govern ment will next session introduce an amendment of the Constitution Act, making the Upper House elective, and preventing nominee members from rejecting measures passed by the representative branch of the Legislature. The seamen's strike continues ; 300 men are out of em ployment, and insist on the aboli tion of the custom of giving masters of vessels the option of discharging coasting seamen when they choose. The Newcastle colliers are in favour of accepting the companies' offer, which the delegates decline ; the men have called a general meeting for to-morrow ; in the meantime all work has been stopped, and the horses ordered out of the pits ; the Lambton men are likely to. stop also; the Melbourne steamers are taking Wollongong coal pending the termination of the strike. A bill for amalgamating the two branches of the legal profession was read a second time in the Assembly last night. The Sydney Rowing Club meets to-night to arrange for the selection of two crews to repre sent the colony in the Intercolonial Champion Gig Race at the forth coming Balmain regatta. The Peak Downs Copper Company pay 15s a share dividend now, and 5s in October, being equal to 200 per cent, for the year. Adelaide, 3 1st July. — The Treas urer will submit a motion to the 4s s'embly on Friday to borrow a sum of £100,000 for the construction of the South-eastern Railway line. The Government have received in formation of the existence of valu able pearl oyster beds in the North ern Territory. An arrangement has been made to hold periodical educational examinations in connec tion with the Mechanics' Institute. The Carandinis start on a country tour to-day. Sydney, 1st August. — The Assem bly got through the estimates last night ; the business to-day was un important. Tin companies are being freely floated on the market ; a splendid sample from a lode of tin has been received from Glen Innis. A seaman of H.M.S. Dido has been further remanded for unlawfully as saulting a police constable, who is not yet out of danger. H.M.S. Blanche is to continue her cruise in the South Seas in order to suppress slavery, and supplies are being for warded hence per barque Tasso. The Sydney Rowing Club have ap pointed a committee of two to select the crews to compete in the cham pion gig race ; the Parramatta .River crew will also enter. Mr* Brodrihb, solicitor, late of Mudgee, who was supposed to have met with foul play, is now known to ' have left for Fiji. Maize is firm at Is lOd to 2s; wool sales active. Ef forts are being made to indufce the Government to stop the sailing of 1 the LngLsL. mail on Sundays. f ? ' Adelaide, 1 st August.— ^Mr Mann's ; motion that the Government should - make contracts for all legal business : required to be done was shelyed in ; the Assembly last night. The squat- : ters in the far nortn-east expect a * o-ood season. Mr J ames Gunn, an 1 old resident of Wentworth, and an 1 owner of Murray steamers, has been ; drowned in the river. Three more gold specimens, weighing together ; 7 lb, liave been found at Scott's sec tion, Mount Pleasant. Four and a quarter inches of rain fell during the month of July. Old Burra Mine copper shares have advanced from 30? to 63?; it is proposed to recom mence paying dividends of 50s next month, and to divide the existing shares into five. Sydney, 2nd August. — -Additional estimates submitted last night in cluded an item of 2000? towards an Australian annexe at the London Intercolonial Exhibition, but the As sembly was counted out while the question was under discussion. The Gazette notifies that Victorian sheep are prohibited from crossing the border for six months. The sailors at Newcastle have struck for an ad vance of wages. Gold has been dis covered in the Macleay district, and the reef shows well. Javelin, J.L., and the Count have been scratched for the Metropolitan. . Adelaide, 2nd August. — The Treasurer has obtained leave to in troduce a bill to raise on bonds 160,000? for the construction of the South-eastern Eailway ; Mr Angas's motion for a vote of oOO? for collect ing and shipping exhibits intended for the International Exhibition was withdrawn, the Government promis ing to make further inquiries. Mr J. C. Hawker, comptroller of Cus toms, intends resigning at the end of the month. A rich discovery has been made at the Moonta Copper mines. There is a conspiracy on foot to raise the price of butcher's meat by legislative enactment. Certain stock owners of the Western district have petitioned Parliament to impose a duty upon all stock imported into Victoria from the neighbouring colonies, on the argument that u the u grazing interests of the colony ' are totally unrecognised in the ' present tariff; that all other classes u of interests are protected ; and that 'great loss is sustained by stock ' owners through the free Importa u tion of large quantities of sheep, u cattle, and horses from tlie ad joining colonies, without recipro ' city on their part.' How are we to deal with such a demand ? It is quite|impossible to concede it, and yet it is not altogether unreasonable. The petitioners are entirely wrong in saying that 'all other classes of 4 4 interests ' (besides their own) ' are protected,' since only a small pro portion of the productive industry of the colony is or can be protected. But if any class is so privileged at the expense of others, then those others, or any one of them, has a perfect right to claim a share in the plunder. But see what we should come to if we attempted to protect all round. When the prices of all kinds of commodities imported into the colony, or capable of being so imported, had been raised by 20 or 30 or 40 per cent, by means of im port duties, we should then have to pay bounties in similar ratio upon home products exported from or consumed in the colony. Nor would that fully meet the requirements of fair dealing. When wool and gold, i tallow and hides, leather, wattle bark, horns, hoofs, &c.;, had all been duly bountied,' and some kind of rude justice thus meted out to the j producers of those articles, more ? than half the population would still be outside the pale of protection, since no exercise of perverse in genuity could render them sharers in its supposed advantages. For how is the pick-and- shovel man, or j other day labourer, to be protected, i or the mason and carpenter, or the j clerk and shopkeeper, or the lawyer and physician ? A moment's reflec- ! tion will enable the reader to extend almost to any length the list of classes to which protection cannot possibly extend. In fact, even if it were true, which .we deny, that it can ever prove permanently bene ficial to any section of a community, the numerical insignificance of this section is in itself a sufficient answer to all the arguments that have ever been advanced in its favour. If the object of enlightened and honest legislation is to do equal justice to all, then protection must be utterly rejected. But to come back to the Coleraine graziers, and their demand for im port duties on stock. Supposing these to be duly imposed, how should we proceed to put certain other classes — say artists, literary men, cabdrivers, and others, whose labour cannot be protected, on a footing of equality with the favoured classes ? Clearly there would be only one plan, namely, by voting them money out of the consolidated revenue equal to the amount sup posed to be gained indirectly by the protected classes. And where should we be then? Theoreticaly, every class would be just where it was be fore protection was introduced, but practically the whole community would be much worse off. Without taking into account the loss that would have accrued the prejudicial influence that duties and restrictions must always exercise over trade and manufactures, a great direct loss would certainly have arisen in the course of collecting money from the people and paying it back to them. The incidence of taxation must al ways be more or less unequal — the process of returning the money in the form of protection, or compen sation for the want of protection, would necessarily be grossly incom plete and unjust. Presented in this way, fair-play all round (in the matter of protection to native indus try) becomes an absolute absurdity. And yet this is the only wav in which it can be fairly represented, j If we cannot refuse the stockowners j on any sufficient or logical argument, j neither can we refuse protection to any other class, nor compensation to the classes that cannot be protected at ail. The demands of the graziers must be refused, however. To carry out an absurd system to its logical re sults may be consistent, and no more than abstract justice demands, but it may nevertheless be highly - inex pedient and' impolitic. In the case under consideration, it would be mischievous in the last degree. Nay, more, it would be inhumane. From a variety of causes stock is at present at an exceptionally high price, and it is likely to remain so until after the approaching shearing is com pleted. Indeed, it will probably re main so as long as the present high price of wool is maintained. The working men of our community are already finding it diffi cult to keep their tables sufficiently supplied with animal food, and even well-off householders begin to look aghast at their butcher's bills. And even if stockowners have some kind of abstract right to share in the protection which has been extended to other producers, there is nothing in their present circumstances to urge in their support. They are, as a class, very well off, and should be content to reap the advantages which fortune has brought them, without trying to swell their profits at the expense of the meat consumer, by procuring an extension in their own favour of vicious and empirical legislation. And there is another side to the question. Cattle and sheep are the raw material of an important and rapidly-growing Vic torian industry, which an import duty on stock would greatly retard if not altogether destroy. Such a catastrophe would be a great present and a still greater prospective loss to the whole community, and espe cially to our stockowners them selves. If meat-preserving were to cease, stock would permanently fall in price, and again become subject to those rapid fluctuations which a few years since offered the most seri ous hindrance to the profitable pro secution of the graziers' operations. If only to prevent a recurrence of such fluctuations, the Western stock owners should desist from their pre sent agitation. If they are not wise enough to do this, other pastoral distiicts should get up a counter agitation in their own interests. And there are other classes that should vehemently oppose their machina tions, namely, the meat consumers (who, we are happy to think, form a ni ore numerous and powerful class in Victoria than in most other parts of the world) and the genuine pro tectionists. The theories held by j the latter will be brought into ridi cule and contempt, if any persistent attempt is made to raise the price of the people's food that the sacred principle of protection may be ex tended, and -as they love their dog mas they are bound to resist the threatened imposition. But we will scarcely believe that even in Victoria a proposal to raise the price of food by artificial means, for the benefit of a small and opulent class — which would, in fact, be ultimately injured by the adoption of its proposal — will be seriously entertained for a single day after its true character has been exposed. — Argus, 30th July. Manchester men will remember Mr Wright, the prisoners' triend. For a life time almost he spent his days in watching for those priso ners who showed any signs of re form, so as to be able to meet them when they left the gaol and put them out of the way of temptation. Wright found employment for his proteges, became security for them, and kept a vigilant watch over them. The result was that hundreds of men, instead of becoming perma nent gaol birds, found their way back to society, and gained charac ters for integrity. Some became employers of labour, and many filled positions of trust What Wright did at Manchester is to be attempted in Melbourne. The Morality So ciety hold a meeting to-morrow for the purpose of forming a Prisoners' Aid Society, These societies have passed beyond the stage of experi ment. Taking the action of men like Wright as the model, in Eng land and America organisations have been formed, and they have wrought wonderful results. As far as the Morality Society is concerned, we believe they have no wish to make the Prisoners' Aid Society part of their business. All they want to do is, as they have done with other organisations for philan- ! thropic ends, to call them into ex- J istence, and then let those who are i willing take the management of the O O newly launched institution. Such is to be the case with the Prfsoners' Aid Society, which to- morrow will, no doubt become one of our local | institutions. — Age, July 29. The consignment of canaries ordered from England by the Vic torian Canary and Pigeon Society, and which arrived by the Somerset sliire a few days ago, were distri buted among the members, on the art union system, at No 5 Collins street west, on Saturday evening. The shareholders were nearly all present ; Mr Geo. Baker, vicepresi dent, in the chair. Owing to the birds having moulted on the voyage the number shipped fell far short on arrival, eighteen having died, which reduced the number of prizes to twenty-nine. The birds are chiefly of the Norwich and Belgian breeds ; but unfortunately some of the best birds are dead. The Norwich birds are of splendid colour — a red-yellow — many of them being marked or variegated. Those birds which are in condition will be exhibited at the society's show on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd August, it having been decided to extend the time for receiving en tries to six p.m. on Tuesday, the 30th inst. — Age. The first stage towards an amal gamation of the Episcopalian and Presbyterian bodies in Victoria was reached yesterday. Our columns contain the report of the committee appointed by the conference of the two bodies to prepare a scheme for united action. This report was adopted, and now there will be in augurated a Pastoral Aid Society of Victoria, which will be supported by funds from both religious sec tions. Full details have been ar ranged for the apportioning of the funds of the society to the Episco palian or Presbyterian minister as the case may be, and now there is nothing wanting for the successful co-operation of these religious bodies in country districts but the approval of the Episcopalian Bishop and that of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church being given to the scheme. When this is done the co- operation may commence. The experiment will be watched with interest, for if successful it may pos sibly lead to a much wider applica tion of the principles involved. — Age July 30. The action by Dr. Lloyd against the publisher of the Australian Medical Journal, for the alleged libel in its remarks upon the Diphtheria Commission, went to a second trial in the Juries of Twelve Court yesterday ; the former trial, at the last sittings, having resulted in the discharge of the jury with out a verdict. The case was all i gone over again yesterday. It will be remembered that the article compared Drs. Llyod, Reid, and Gunstto the ' three tailors of Tooley street,' and singled out Dr. Lloyd for a particular string of abuse. Mr. Ireland contended, yesterday, for the defendant, that it was all leg itimate criticism, and asked why the the plaintiff did not proceed against the Argus, which had been every whit as bitter in a leading article. In the answer to the declaration in the suit it wks affirmed that Dr. Neild wrote the Argus' article as well as that in the Medical Journal, and indeed the same ' roman hand' could be traced in both, the ' Tooley -street tailors' being made to do duty in tlie Argus as v.vll as in the Medical Journal. In fact the writer seemed as if he could never enjoy his funny idea suffici ently. The jury yesterday return ed a verdict for the defendant. Age, August 2nd. Whatever value maybe attached to the opinion of a street crowd, the value of property in a crowded street is something worth notice. A very unpretending tavern situated in Finch-lane, Comliill, London known as the Cock and Woolpack, having . a frontage of 18 feet with a depth of 55 feet, sold with the goodwill of the business for the enormous sum of 20,500?. Another memorable London property at the corner, and forming part of Stamford-street, Blackfriars, will now cease to be an eye-sore. Mrs. Reed, an eccentric old lady, the owner of the property, has died and left 1 00, 000? _ to the hospital for consumption at Bromp ton. The only sufferers will be the bill stickers and the ghosts, and perhaps the small boys of the neigh bourhood, who will be deprived of the enjoyment of throwing at the supposed ghostly tenants. — Empire Correspondent The uses to which newspapers are and may be put are various ; but I was not prepared for the very latest. The utilitarian character of the suggestion commends it strongly to public notice, and if it is adopted no man need want for clean shirts. On a cold night, if two or three news papers be spread upon the bed beneath the outside covering the occupant of the bed will perceive a marked increase of warmth without any perceptible increase in the weight of bedding. So, also, if a j spread newspaper be placed over the | chest before the overcoat be button i ed up it will be found a great protec tion against penetrating wind and cold. — Empire. 