I CHURCH OF ENGLAND. I -. DIOOBSAN SYNOD. TUESDAY, 27TH FEimuAiiY, 1872. The annual session of tho Church of England Diocesan Synod oponed this day at noon, at St. David's school-room, Unrrington-street.tho members having previously atteudod Holy Commuuion at the Cuthedral. The Right Rev. tho Bishop having commenced with prayer roquostod tho Secretary, tho Rov._ A Davenport, to call the roll of memhors ; tho following clergy answered to their names : Tho Venerable Archdeacon Davies, tho Vory Rov. Dean Cox, Rov. Canons Davonport, Hudspoth, Parsons, Rev. Messrs. Gellibrand, Dobson, Wright, Freomnn, II. Bromby, CInmpott, Brammnll, Greeno, Wayn, Symonds, G.U. Smith, Mulray, and Galee. Tho roll of lay momhors was noxt called. 8ESSIONAL OIIDEll. On tho motion of the Rov. SECUETAIVY it waa mado a sessional order that tho Synod moot daily at half past 2, and adjourn at 6 till 7. UETOltNS TO WItlTS. Tho Rev. SECIIETAUY laid on the tahlo tho returns to writs for the oleotion of momhors of Synod for Avooa, and George Town. NOTICES OP MOTION. I Rev. Canon PÂMONS gave notice to move on Thursday that tho Bishop ho requested to lay on tho table a roturn as to tho election of members of I tho Chnptor. Also for Friday a resolution as to tho rules under which candidates for ordination woro rccoivod in tho diocese. Rev. G. B. SsiiTiijtomovo on Thursdays resolution to tho effect that the Synod deprecate the use and circulation in tho diocoso of books and tracts of a Romanizing tendonoy, such as " tho Priests' Prayor Book " &o.; Rov. E, SYMONDS, to move on Wednosday that in the ovont of a vacancy in the Soo of Tasmania, tho Bishop he fleeted by the Synod ; and for tho appoint- ment of a committee to considor what arrangements shall hu made to give offect to tho preceding reso- lution. The Rev. SECRETARY to movo for leuvo to brinjr in a hill to amend the law for the trial of ecclesiastical offences. Rev. G. B. SMITH to ask tho Bishop to lay on the table all correspondence, botwoon the Bishop, His Excellency, and tho Secretary to ponnl establish- ments, ns to tho modo in whioh divino service is con- ducted at Port Arthur, and the circulation of books and tracts thoro hy tho Rov. Mr. Haywood. Rev. E. FREEMAN to movo that the Bishop be requested to direct that thoro shall ho uniformity in the church services. IIEPOIITS. j The Rev. SECRETARY (as Chairman) brought ;ip report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire how the Ecclesiastical Offences Bill may bo amended. Road, received, nnd ordorcd to he printed. Also report of Select Committee ns to Church funds and estates not under the control of Synod. Read, received, and ordered to bo printed. RETURNS. The REV. SECRETARY also laid on the tabla the account of tho appropriation of funds recoivod from tho.Coloninl Treasurer for 1870. To be printed with the records. Also memorandum of . Synod receipts and ex- penditure. Read, receivod, and to bo printed. The Very Rev. the DEAN bromrht up tho report of the management of tho Hobart Town dopöt for milo of books of tho Society for Promoting Christian Knowlodgo. Recoivod. TIIB IIISHOP'S OPENING ADDRESS. Tho Right Rev. the PRESIDENT then dolivored his opening address. Ho said : My DearBrolhron of tho Clergy and Laity,-I have summoned tho Synod this year to Hobart Town. Some years ago my Council "of advico passed a reso- lution recommending to tbo Bishop that its sessions " should bo held oithor alternately at tho two chief towns, or once in throo yoars nt Launceston." The present Council expressed tho wish thnt the Synod should moot on tin's occasion in the capital ; and it did so with such sufficient unanimity as to maka it reasonable that I should comply with the advico. Without unnecessary proface I shall prococd at once to present my remarks under two hoads 1\. Our own domestic progress and condition. 2\. The condition of tho Church in othor pnrts of tho world. Undor tho first hoad I havo to remark that a fow changos havo occurred in tho Incumbency of Cures during tho past year. Tho Rov. P. II. Cox hns.aftora visit to England, rotnrnod in safety tothoohargooftho Cathedral Church, and has bonn formally nominated ns Dean. By tho very lamented death whioh took place through a melancholy accident in tho midst of parochial duties, tho euro of George Town became vacant, and it has beon filled up, on my nomination, by tho Rov. W. A, Brooke. Certain alterations in tho boimdnry linos of tho parish, required for con- venience snka and for greater pastoral efficiency, havo benn made. The oures of St. Leonards and Avoca havo nnfortnnatoly boon long vacant in consoquenco of tho difficulty of finding sufficiently qunlifiod clergymon willing to accept tho ebargo. Thu former euro has at length beon most satisfactorily filled up hythe appointment of the Rev. Brooko Bailey, a gentleman of high credentials, and formerly Canon in tho dioceso of Ceylon. Tho Rov. 0. P. Greene, who has for four years devoted himself, with great, zeal and simplicity of purpose, to the arduous curacy of St. David'B, proforring a subordinate sphoro in town to a moro independent ono olsowhore, has con- sented, nt my requost, to tnko temporary chnrgo of Avoca, and to report upon ii soborno which I have proposed of including it within tho euro of Fingal, us a centro, undor Mr. Ohambors and a curate. By this arrangement our resources will he economised, and ¿ho groat evil often felt of placing a young clorgy man in an indopondont euro nvoidod. By tho co- operation of three lay holpors, Mr. Lnggo nt Cullens- wood, Mr. Grant al Fingal, and Mr. Commissioner Chapman nt tho Black Boy, a "very complote and satisfactory limo tablo of sorvieos has boen drawn up by Mr. Chambors for a district, which would In that case oxtond from Avoca to tho west to Goorgo's Bay and Gould's Coun- try to tho east, covering an aroa of 70 milos in length. If this system succeeds, many benefits will he secured both finnnoiul and pastoial, and in such case, aftor careful watching of its working, I hope to recommend its oxtonsion to othor portions of tho dioceso, as vncancios occur. Last year I obtained n grant of £fiO a year for a doacon-schoolmiistor in Bass's Straits from " Tho Colonial and Continental Church Society," in tho.hopo that the schoolmaster, whom I dosirod to admit to deacon's orders, might reooivo tho nppointniont from the Board of Educa- tion. Dillioultios ¡iroso, which havo postponed, for a long time at least, I fear, tho realization of my earnest wish to oxtend tho euro of the Church to thoso islanders. Thu late Mr. Poreday paid a visit lust year with the viow of expediting tho sohemo, and of discharging, durino; his briol' stay, ministerial offices amongst 'thom. This year tho Rev. M. B. Brownrigg kindly consontod to pay thom a visit. Mr. G. Shoobridge, whoso preparation for his prac- tical work was marked with groat diligence among tho poor palionts of tho Hospital and Brickfields, and tho Sunday-school of St. David's, has hoon admitted to tho Order of Doaoon. The Dean and the Rov. Canons Parsons and Davenport assisted mo in tho examination. As Curato at St. John's, ho has charge of the Brickfields, and is ongagod without cost to tho Synod. I havo also to report that tho son of ono of our most estcomod churchman, long valued as n Sunday-school to.iohorjand fur other hiboursfof lovo, before ho wont to England, has passod through his University career, and having rocoived Holy Ordors from tho Bishop of London, and spont a year of hard parochial work in England, is now ongagod in con- nection with tho parisli of St. David's. Mr. Nether- cote also, who sorvod most faithfully in my own parish at homo as n scripture reader, has arrived al his own risk amongst us. I am happy to have secured for him an annual grant of £ó0 from the Society just namod. Ho now acts as n scripture reader among the pntionts of tho Hospital, and tho noglocted of tho parish. His long oxperienco and zoal, woll known to myself aro already boering fruit in children sont to school, and in tho poor gathered to a Sunday snrvico, und in tho resonó of fallen women. _ I nm in hopo that his sorvieos may ho also useful in the dioceso ns a cutoohist in mara distant placoa. Thoro aro many wasto spots which it is important to visit periodically, and muoh may bo dono hy tim visits of a dovoted cutoohist, varied occasionally hy tho prosonco of a clergyman. South- port, Port Esperanco, and Port Cygnot, after re- peated applications for thoministrntiunsof religion, aro still nogloolod, and the samo ia truo as to tho district lying north-oast of Launceston. Until Buch places aro brought within the limits of a regular euro, I soo no other way of hooping alivn amongst thom a sonso of christian character and responsibilities. Tho Uov. II. D. Atkinson has lately visited tho fir*t named parts, baptised numerous children, and hold divino services during his weok's stay. I nood not lay it upon tho consciences of ovory pnstor that the ohiof ahophord will require nn accountof ovory sheep with in his fold, of wliioh he has talton tho oversight. Not a day should puss without stated and organised efforts to roach tho noglocted inhabitants that aro lost to sight in tho distant bush or the purllousand alloys of our largo towiiH, Nono of us will supposo that n clorgyman has dono his duty whon ho attends the church, and ministors to thoso whom tho foreo of habit or bottor motives bring togothor thoro. " Christ cunio to Book mid to savo that whioh was lost,'' and thoro should bo an organiaod systom of domiciliary visitation, so that wo may " compol tho careless to como in," To this end, tho zoaloua olergy man will call to his aid the sorvieos of compotont laymen mid dovotod women, ns readers and inis sionors. I strongly rooommond tho udoption in our towns of a systom (whioh I found in my own oxperi- enco so valuahlo) of district visitors and tract distributors, who shall divido tho overgrown pnrishos and report periodically to tho olorgymnn tho result of their labours, at monthly mooting. Thoy may sorvo tho purpose not only of what tho npostlo calls " Holps" to tho olorgy, hut also bocomo tho missing links between thom, and tho nogleotod of thoir Hook. Tho work of lay- help in the diocoso continues lo grow and giro increasing oflloionoy to our Church work. A largo number is now employed as voluntary readers in places which tho moro rogulur ministrations of tho olorgy aro utterly unable to reach. I nave to report that during the yew 203 candidate« for Confirmation hnvo ¿ivnilod thomsolvos of tho invaluable opportunity of closer contact \vith_ their spiritual guides, receiving from thora instruction in tho doctrines of our soripturnl Church, and claiming the blessings nttnehod to this primitivo and invalua- ble rito. I havo also had tho satisfaction of hoing prosont at tho ro-oponing of tbo ohuroh nt Green Ponds after important repairs and improvements. The now and beautiful church, built uudor the direction of Mr. Hunter, ft Swansea has been oponod, nnd tho vory handsome chancol hns boen conso cmtod at Hagley, erected to the memory of tho lamentad Sir Itiohard Dry. I havo also to report the commonoomont of fresh efforts in tho samo direction. A new churoh at Evandalo will ho oponod noxt month, and for anothor at Long Bay, in tho D'Entrocastoaux Channol, con sidorablo funds havo boon subscribed, for tho inoronso of which tho incumbont will bo glad to rocoivo con- tributions of distant friends. Unless somo ronownl of efforts are immediately mado on bohalfof tho Bridge- water now ohurch, I fear the grant which I obtained from the Christian Knowledge Society will lapse. General Church Fund.-As now cures aro formed, I and more resignations on the part of tho scheduled I chaplains aro probablo, and in somo cases dosirablo . by reason of physical infirmity or ago, it hocemos imperativo thnt a moro systematic offort should be made throughout tho dioceso to moot thoso calls which aro boginning to pross heavily upon us. There are, happily, oxamples well known to us of church- men in both Archdeaconries, who aro fully conscious of { their responsibilities, but thoso oxamples aro still far too rare. Thoro aro numerous cures in which, unfortu- ' natoly, habit has rondorod landod proprietors utterly i and inexcusably insonsiblo to tho claims, whioh the Church to which |thoy professedly bolong possesses. ! Thousandsof acres bolong to thom tis stowards of God's Providonco, and in many instancoa I regret to say not one pound is contributed to the very humblo stipond of the ministor of religion, who is loft to Btrugglo with tho inconvonionco and privations of poverty. Tho time has como for a moro rigid census, as well as a moro perfect systom of collooling funds. A movomont, croditahlo to our northern brethren, and Mr. Cnmpion in particular, has been mado for tho purposo of onrolling all bona fule members of tho Church who desiro to bo-benefited by her minis- trations, and to perpetuate and extond thom. Tho systom of " Parochial Associations," sanctioned hy the Sj nod somo years ago by mj recommendation is an organisation ready to hand, aud should no longor ho allowed, ns it lins bean allon ed, to sloop A " Gonoral Church Society" should ho formed, a nominal roll of members in ovory parish with thoir subscriptions attachod, should bo required, and a ropoit should bo annually published Nothing short of this, as men aro constituted, will ha\ o tho ofiocr, ns the hislory'of nil such snciotios shows us.of o\citmg and sustaining that combination of effort which tho case domands It is not creditable that parishes, cspeci illy parishes in our largo towns, supplied by scheduled clerg) should, without shiimo, hu doing nothing foi the gonoral fund and missionary work of tho Church, withholding tho moans by whioh alono sho can carr) the ollic.es of religion into poor and neglected places It is fair, howovor, to say that a Sociof j of this kind would probably bring out tho fact that somo of thoso p irishos, to which I allude, ure quiet!) and puvately contributing to tho augmen- tation of their own olorg) man's stipend ovor and abovo tho amount guaranteed to thom hy tho pro- visions of the " Stato Aid Distribution Act " 'lliorc aro instances where tHis recognition of tho value put upon thoir spiritual pastors, especially stioh us aro charged with tho support and education of largo families, does equal credit to clorgyman and pooplo I grant, also, that such ofiort is n salutary edu- cation, propaung tho wa) loi tim timo whan Stato Aid will bo withdrawn from thoso p trishes But ono dutv should nut stand in tho way ot a still lughor, and it is most clout that no duly can stand so high, or bo so imperativo, binding upon all thoso who nectdont all) hn\o tho greater share of IhoStvtc grvnt.nnd ino on that account loft fioi.f to dischuigo it as thou dut), «t conti touting to tho wants of thoir own brethren, and the missionnr) wants of tho Churoh, us it is written, "Ho that hath gathered much had nothing ovor, and ho that had gathered little had no lack' It is m) pleasure and duty to bear witness to tho growing uoiotion and AD ii of tho clorgy My per- sonal kuowlodgo of tho dioceso enables mo to say this I ho returns,» Inch show tho proportion of churehinon tothepopuUtion,n8wellnsof thocloig) to the members ot tho Church.and of candidates foi confn matron to tho numbai of the clorg),nio, especially when compared with neighbouring diocosos, \ or\ satisfactory Wo havo also no reason to complain of want of zeal among our foremost and roprosontnlii o la) mon What v. o do need is something, v. Intel or that somotlung may bo, tor extending that /oui, and ditlusing it among that largo cluss of apathetic churchmen who do not fuel tho unpoitvnco of tho Church s woik, and «ho con- ti ibuto by their labours.tlioir inlluouco, 01 their mono), nothing towards it Cathtdial Chapín -Thora aro cortain ponera cs sentiall) liihcruit in tho olhco of a Bishop lie is responsible not only for tho ox iminalioii and ordina lion of c uididnles for tho saersd ministr) ,but also for tho spiritual disciplino of tho eleig), and for tho ou couragomont of all mensures which tond to tho pro motion of piety and religions éducation In earliest times, tho Bishop was » ont to atrongthou his position and devclopo his nuns by calling to his dehboiatians thoso of his picsb) tors upon whoso wisdom, learning, und o\perienco ho could rol\ lroni this oxoicise of biothorl) counsel tho uithodrul bod) had its rise In m) dibits to erect a real Cathedral Churoh in this diocese, in) object from tho first bus been not onl) to build nn edifice,« Inch in its material churacloi might descrío tho nanto of a Mothoi Chinch, but might also prondo a moro sottlod bod) of advisors to the Bishop in his spiritual administration of tho dioceso, furnish- ing lum with coadjutors in the o\nminalion und, if possible, in the preparation of ctudiuiles fit hil) ardors, uccorliug to tho most auoiont pioccdont lins was ono of thui pioporiliilns,iisnospociiill) declared in the statutes of sovoral of our old c ithodrals llioio aro also other questions, which bolong to tho internal life of the Church.for the solution of which tho Bishop llln^ proporlv look to tho holp and sympnlh) of ex- perienced and judicious piosb)tois Such questions ino altogothoi foreign to tho o\toinnl miiohinoi) of tho chinch, the construction aud o\pnnsion of which, b) light, belong to the lunetions of S)nud In purel) spiritual [unctions, tho Chaptor would bo, as it «as in the earliest Innes, n bcuatut episeopi, mid it must bo manliest lo all mon th it, when episcopal ro sponsibiht) is shared b) prosh)tois, most of whom uro populaily olootod, in that dcgieo a Bishop is converted ftoin an absoluto into a consti- tutional ruler I might indeed, b) o\crciso of ii right seemed to mo by Hor Majesty 8 loiters pntont, have mj sell nominated all tho mumbois of tho Gimp ter But in that easo thoro would havo hoon n danger of my boing unduly influenced by acci- dental and puvnto friondsmp 1 mvitod, therefore, tho S)nod, after tho oxamplo of othor colonial dioceses, to sharo with mu tho responsibiht) of tho selection A comiuilloo was nominated, at tho ses sion of 18G0, foi tho consideration of tho subject, and that commitlao rocominondod tho Synod to adapt my suggestions, oxcept tho one «Inch proposed tho including of lay members ns wall ns oletical My opinion remains unnltorod as to tho wisdom of np pointing 11) mombois, whiuh might consist of, or nt least inoliido, the lay representatives and ofheors of tho parish of St Dai id s Tar instanco, it might consist of four clerical and four lay members, tho lay being parti) choson h) luit), and tho two S) nod ropio sciitntiiosofSt David s beinjf «a. o/Ano momhors Tho introduotionotsuoluifiiioluatmgolauicnt, elected o\oi) tbroo yunis, would bo nu advuntago luther than nu objootirn, and proiont an) necessity of fotnung a sopunto, and it might hu conflicting Piuoolnui Council But oi pr mid abovo thoso usos of a Oatho drul, thora mo olhois na loss linpoilnnt, to whioh tho Pnglish C ithodrals are being onoo moro turned .Thoy may bo summed up nmlot threo bonds Thoy should sano tho puiposos of pia)or, of ptoaohing, and of snerod m lisle, mid, in all thoso respects, should ho mora or loss oxumplos to tho whole dioeoso Tho Cathedral should bo so fur tho nloal chuioli of tho dioceso, although it presont son icos which cannot, and nood not, bo cai ried out in an) piirish ohurcli llio incnnso ot pra) oi, according to tho clem inten- tion of the Chinch, should dnil) ascend in tho nanto, and on behalf, of tho wholo diocese, and who otu toll how much all who, in lins busy ago, lim o toa httlo loisuro foi pra) or, inuy ha indobtod to thu few that, bite tho n^cd Stint ol tho tnbo of Asm, duilj ongngod m doiotton within tho prooinots of tho Templo ' Socondl), the Cathedrals should bo contres of preaching lite /oui of the present ago in Eng- land has lcarnod to uso thoso noble Publics foi gather- ing vast multitudes to hoar tliogospol, and to worship God And Ihudly, tho propor purpose of Cathedrals is to malro thom schools of sacred music I do not moan by this st itomont thatour parochial sorvieos nood ho, or should ho, assimilated to a Cuthodinl ona, but what I moan is that tho lattoi should presont oxnmplos of sobriety mid good taslu to tho wholo dioceso Whatover, in shoit, tondi to malo the Cathedral tho proport) of thu wholo dioooso will inako it subset vo its piopot function ns a unitui mid ccmontor To this ond, tho canons elootod by thu S) nod, which itsolf is tho loprcsonla li\o of Iho «bolo Ohuioh, oonstituto tho chapter, and if thoy enn muleitiiko nnv pinotical duties within tis walls, mid bocomo pronoltors by rotation, and dis ohaigosuuh othot functions us I have indicttcd, wo should, ns ohlirchmnn, nso lughoi to tho eoncnption of n dioooso-not ns being a disintegrated niiinbei oi lsolatod parishes, hut ns it oompurt « bolo consolidated and strongthonod hy tho Cathedral- as the main- spring of its diocesan hfu 'Ibu outnnid iabric, Himplo and stately, is not, indeed, without its mean tng It mat once a tiibnlo ol honour to Almight) God, sutioundiiig b) tompoial nhflcos us it points to houvon, anil speaking ol things otomal Just as the ¡ Houses ot Piu iiuiiumt ot tho l'ovin Hull aro thu ox- | pressions of natiuimlit) or " corpoiato solf tospeot," sa docs oin unfliiiuhod onlhcdrtl aim to bo a higher j but a Blindai o\piossion on tho part of churchmen, | «ho aro a largo mid «oilthy class ol thopooplo Yot, allot all, lins is a vol) contracted vio« ol its functions, ; which, ns I lune amil, i tthoi point to pui)oi and I prniso, to union and orgunisttion Chi ist i Collin -Tho timo has onmn for taking stops for the ni opening of Ghi ist's College Much oredit is duo to the prosont trustocs lor tho uni o and faithfulness with whioh thai havo managed tho (stublishmont and brought it to its present condition The Synod at its hist session passed a resolution, requesting mo to take ships for Iho transforoneo ot the trust to Ilia S\ nod trustoos Such transference can only ha effected by tho authority of an Act of Parliament, and it bocomoa a question worth d¡B ctualoa whether or not it would not bo preforablo, if it bo thought oxpodiont to nppoal to tho legislature to curry out tho original design of applying fot i ohnrler of incorporation. Licensing System.-last yoar I drow your attention to one of tho most gigantio evils which arrest tho progress of tho GoBpol in ovory part of the British dominions. You passod a resolution whioh hat not boon wilhout a salutary effect. It gave a mond woigbt to tho oxortionB of Christian mon of every denomination, who for thoir oommon lovo to man and to Christ havo hound themselves together for tho protection of tho working olasses against snnres which it requires almost a miraole to escape. Many Christian hearts in tho mother country and in tho Colonies turn to repressive measures in sheer despair, even while they rocogniso the objections whioh lio ngainBt them. Not visionary onthusiasts but reflecting mon take up this position, and it is a very intelligible ono. Thoy say if tho Government can provo itself strong enough to cops with an ovil, frightful in its devastations, than wo are satisfied ; but if from tho foar of tomporary inoonvenience, arising from the loss of rovenuo, or from unwillingness to confront any unfair combinations of vested interests (the very magnitude of which bears witness to tho magnitude of ! tho ovil) tho legislature is Doworless, and the licensing systom is practically a national permission to spread moral and physical ruin, then such men ask, on the part of thoso who pay the rates, liberty to take the matter into their own hands whenever a preponde- rating majority desire it. One thing ¡scioar. It Í8 not- fnir, nor wiso, nor Christian, to demand of the publican a large price for his liconco, and ' practically tell him that, sinco it is wanted for the ? revenue, ho can indemnify himself, amidst the gene- ral competition, byencournging habitsof drunkenness, ! or adulterating tho drink of thu people. If it be so, , no wonder that a population, growing in enlighten mont and conscious of tho power of co-oporation, «ill' ! riso up and forbid tho repetition of scenes, too often reported in our nowspaporf, undor the palronngoof, ' r a " licensing system." Tho bold and uncompromising front prosontcd by " The United Kingdom Alliance," bns induced The Times newspaper to speak the «ord of warning to tho lioensed victuallers in the follow ing terms :-" When tho Alliance says that the Drink Trado ' tonds to increase orime, waste the national resources, corrupt tho Bocinl habits, and destroy the hoalth and lives of the people,' the view is far nearer the truth than tho complacent optimism of the licensed victuallers as adopted and avowed by Mr. BUBS. One party is so horrifiod at the abiiBes of the liquor trafile that it has become blind to its uses; but tho other shuts its eyes to tho most gluring facts, and refuses to recognize uny abuses at all. When it is protended, on bohnlf of tho trade, that the con- sumption of intoxicating liquors in this country is neither immodorato nor pernicious, the common sonso of the public robols against tho assertion. Whatever may bo tho figures nnd statistics of the cuss-und thoy aro, at all events, so prodigious that no two com- putations come within ton millions of each othor it is cortain thoy tell us a torrible tale. Probably most pooplo would be ready to allow thut a good half' of all tho monoy spent upon drink is spent to bad purpose-wasted as regards the outlay, worso thin wasted ns regards the rosult. Tho partisans of tho Alliance would odd that, whereas so intolerable an abuso ought at all hazards to be stopped, it is practically impossible to stop it with suppressing the wholo triido together. Ws hold them to bo uttctly mistaken ; hut thoy do, at any rate, start from prin- ciples claiming moro ready nccoptanco than the doctrines put fourth by tho trade. It would not, wo aro sino, bo for tho advantage of tho publican! that tho issue, as put before Parliamont, should be solcctod from tho rival pretensions of the extreme purlics. Of tho two, it might bo easier to regard ovory liquor shop as a public nuisance than to look upon it as an establishment calling for no more atten- tion or regulation than the shops of bakers or butchers. Uowover, the war is now proclaimed, and wo aro but giving tha publicans another friondly warning when wo udviso thom not to dospiso thoir Dnomy, howover unpopular or impracticable his purposes may appear to thom." Irish Church.-To turn to tho Church in her work elsewhere. Since wo last met, wo have wntnhod with intonso sympathy tho progress of tho Irish Church in her critical process of self-organisation. Ifcr courso has boen fully worthy of hor earlier history, directed as it has been, undor tho Providence of God, by WÍBO nnd lcnrnod counsels. Har solemn " decla- ration," drawn upnt hor great convention, runs in tho name of " tho Archbishops and Bishops of this, the ancient anil Apostolic Church of Ireland, together willi tho representatives of the clorgy and laity." The principal things doolarod on this very point aro so ossonlinl, so vital mid so instructivo to ourselves, isolated ne wa aro at this end of tho world ; in danger, if wo are rash, of being drawn " from our moorings by any wind of doctrine," without power of nppcalat homo, without ns yot a gonoral provinoiul Synod ia Australia, Ibnt I will ventura to recito thom to this Synod. 1 " rho Church of Ireland doth, as boretoforc accept and unfoignodl) bobevo all the canonical Seripturos of the Old and Now Testaments, ns given b) inspiration of God, and containing all things nocossniy for salvation, and doth continue to profess Uto faith of Chi ist as piofcssod by tho primitive chinch" 2 " 'Iho Churoh of Ireland will contiuue to minister the doctrine, and sacraments, and tho disciplino of Chi ist as tho Lord bath commanded, and will maintain inviolato tho throo ordors ol bishops Pticsts or Presbyters, and Doacons in tho sacred ministr) " ¿ " 1 ho Church of Ireland, us a Reformed and Ptotostant Ohuich, doth horeb) reafhrm its con I slant wttnoss against nil thoso innot ntions m doctrine and woishtp, whereby the primitive faith hath been from tuno to time overlaid and defaced, and which at tho ltefoimution this Chuioh did disown and reject 1 " Iho Churoh of Ireland doth reçoive and np pioi o tho Book of Common Pra) or and tho Ihirtj nine Ailicles, and" will continue to uso the same, suh|pct to such alterations only as may be made thoicin from limo to tuno b) tho lawful nuthont) of thu Chinch " ö, " Pho Church of Ireland will main tam communion with the nislor Church of England, and with all othor Christian Churches agreeing ia tho principles of this Declaration, and will sot forward ns far as in it both quiolnoss, penco, and love, among all Chi íslian pouplo ' 0 "'Iho Church of Ireland, deriving its aulhorit) from Christ, who is tho Head oi cr all things to the Church, doth declare that a Gonoial S) nod of tho Church of Ireland, consisting ot tho Aichbishopsand Bishops, and of loprosontiilivrj oflhotloig) and linly, shall havo qhiof logislauii powni Hierein, and suoh administrativo power as mj bo nccossar) for the Church, and consistent with ill Lpisoopal constitution" 'Iho first stututo, (leeor dingi), relatos lo tho oxporionco of tho lush Church, directed nt Ibis crisis not by tho crude or contri (licloiy opinions ot nnoduoatod or unstublo mon, but I hy Iho counsels of oxporionocd law) ors and learned diiinos, cannot but ho of the deopost latoroattoout- sell OB Our own " Constitution Act " procoods from i paidonublo, but now transparent ftlluoy It « seurcel) doubtful wbothor our vory designation bo not a nmnomor, as " members of tho Churoh of Layland mid Iiolind in Tasmania " It is truo that Lnghsh chnrohmon, finding thomsolves in a colony, ma) ho Lnghsh churchmon still -I hoy may employ nn English ordained Presbytor or any nuinhoi of Prosb)tors to minister to thom, but u honovoi thoappointmentof a Bishopoccurrod, though ho receives his light of mission from tho Archbishop of Cuntorbui), that body of English churchmen becomos u sopurato dioooso It is not s put of tho Province of Canterbury any more than that of Voik or of Dublin It may own ullogiunco to the Al ohbishop of Canterbury and hind itself to accept all tho ordinances and judgments of tho Church of England and nil interpretations gil on by Lnghsh Coutts to its ordinances and judgments, but it <wndo su oui) tywituo ot voluntary agieomont These crdinnncos and judgmonts oinnot bo onjoined by PnAlish ocelosiustioal law Had such mist ikes, on Ibu patt of Lnghsh C'ronn lawyers, boon avoided, the Church in Vustiiiliu would doubtless, from the lint huo folio« ed a vei) different couiso from that which lilias AProiineial Synod would haio boon con slitutod, framing its own statutos for tho control of each dioceso, ns it spuing into oxistonco, nnd thus Ins h story of tho Australian Churoh would liai e followed mora closol), in its procoss of construction tho pi unitivo prooodont It will require grout wisdom und putionco now to atsontanijlo tho threads and poihaps tho clnol difficulty will ariso from joiluusy ot ontorforing with that dtocosaii independence, which has boen prematurely established On Um point, tho Bishop of Nowoaatlo reminds his b)nodol Iho following puBsago from Hookoi, who sa)« - ' Such number of ohurohea (or diocesos) hoinj though freo Mithin thomsolvoB, yet Bnuill-common oonforonoo boforohand might have oaBod thom oi muoh after trouble But further consultatioiialter wurds, though novor so nooossary, the) oould not ousil) now admit, without somo four of derogation from thoir credit, and, thoroforo, that which once the) had dono, thoy become for over aftor resoluto w maintain " I think Hint many of our stututos might bo modi- fied uftor tho model of tho Irish Church wita advantage. I do not doubt that that Churoh hu benefited grontly by our-own oolonial experience, and wo shall do woll to tako advantago in luT from its matured oounsels. Wo may, for «. ampio, lenrn muoh from thoir statntos upon ui modo of ohioting thoir Bishops for vacant UIOCCIM, and thoir Prcshytors for vacant euros, as woll nsw tho constitution of our Ecolosinstical Court, mau wlriuh particulars oxporionco has shown ion» radical defects. It will ho woll, I tako tho OCCMW» to say, that Ihn Synod should indionto moro pro cisolv tho niothod, whioh should ho takon for to» election of roproaontativo momhors o'»,"0 ," Provincial Synod, which probably will bo IIH»' moiiod by thu Mutropolitim within a fow monir* Tho same mode of oloction might also B°vfl"V " nppointmont ¡to any vnoanoy, whonovor it owun, among tho mombora of tho Cathodral Ohaptor. Tho Churoh of Ireland, soparatod from hor union with the Church of England hy tho Legislativo An of Disestuhlishmont, has boon wiso onougn so» catholic enough to BOO hor right position. »»"" not cull herself, sho doos not conaidor borsolt«» Churoh of England in Ireland," but romomMOT hor antiquity and indopondonoo, alto olnimi tor «w Bnlfu sopurato oxistonoo, sido by «do, M » «Tr i The Australian Ohiireh, springing from tho btturc» of England, and doriving hor mission moro aMrt« from hor, stands in thorolatiou of a «ja»«««1';TA liko a daughter grown up to adult estate, as l»T » hor appointmontsnro oompleto, sho murt wo « for herself an Indépendant «wiitenoe. /"'««A of hor ootnmunion with tho Mother Churoh «» not, by any means imply a bondage to »41 MF .**' by those wu^noaii roeoivcd from í^áSAS^^^Äjanh. unity with the Mother Ä may bo mora fully scoured in two ways, u-i? nTnnt soon enmuro the attontton ot n ÄlTustralutn Council. Ono course will he to Gonoral Aus rananiJ doublo ^ of 3 nÍ.« h ÄArchbishop of Canterbury «Tas to tho Metropolitan. The other course Suta to »Su « each Bishop to take the single flWn I Of obedience to tho Metropolitan, while the M tropolitanonhis part may bo required to t ko ?he oath of obedienco to tho Archbishop ot Can íorbury. My own views were expressed m a reply M tné Bishop of London, now the Archbishop of Cnnterbu y. and were expressed in the December No. of the Church News. Tho wiso course for a ?ii-«in1 Church is to follow closely the To tho Mother Church until the fuller oa-anisation of a General Provincial Council Save had power given to it to control the undue nd pondence of each dioceso. and to secure organic uni v throughout tho whole Australian Cnurch. W Lit such chock, imposed from the earliest ago, a solitary diocese would be in danger of becoming nothine moro than a sect, conveniently porhaps free from the conflict of opinions, but liable to stagnation n action ; somo inwnrd lake without indeed a ripple, hut without breadth, or depth, or Ufo. Modern Controversy.-Until, therefore, a General Provincial Synod shall havo had timo to propound its canons for tho future discipline of the Australian Church, let us exercise all Christian forbearance, allowing to eaob other the same liberty in disputed points which we claim for ourselves. Uniformity is possible among lifeless pebbles, but wo, as living stones, must look for unity, not uniformity. I nm not aware that any chango in tho mode of conduct- ing divine service has occurred for years past, cal- culated to offend tho congregntion of worshippors. Certainly no expression of dissatisfaction or porsanal grievnnco, on the part of any congregation, or oven any member of a congregation, has formally, or in- formally, reached mo, and I eurnostly hope, ho wovor, that s ready obedience to tho law will, ns far-as possible, bo psid, "wherever tho law has beon olonny and indisputably laid down. Some men object to the court of final appeal in England, upon tho ground of its secular character, as un intrusion into tho pro- j vinco of the Church, and it may be n question how far its judgments havo legal offoct hore. I do not share the abjection to its constitution, inasmuch ns its duty is limited to the interpretation and not the promulgation of ecclosinsticul law, although in common with most people, I um glad to know that the constitution of tha Judicial Com- mittee of Appeal will soon be greatly amended. The decision in the caso, Shepperd versus l'nrchas' hu pronounced certain novelties illegnl, and whether or not such judgment can be enforced upon the daughter churches, I am prepared to use all my influenco in repressing any offort to introduce them, were thero any disposition to do BO. On the othor hand, when the prohibition extends to customs, which tho good sonso of English churchmen hoi nevor restricted, then the maxim Mas pro lege will be accepted, and a lnrge- boartod charity will at length prevaii. Tno second report of tho Boyal Com missioncrs proposes that any throo communicant parishioners might appeal against tho introduction of novelties in divine service to tho Bishop, without tho eipesio and other evils of a suit, tho Bishop would be the natural judge- bow far such' oustoms were innocent, coiisiietudincs laudaoiles, and how fur depar- ture from them wero expedient. A Bishop of all mon should plead for tho groatost possiblo exercise of liberty, but ho is bound by his ollice and hy puhlio opinion to restrain such liberty within the limits of the law or tho customs of tho Church. If in our own diocese there havo beon so fow grounds of complaint, it should not bo forgotten that such inftequonuy may be due to tho personal influence and private admoni- tion of tho Bishop, by which ho can oxorciso a fur moro wbolosomo effect than through tho machinery of n law court. The ono disavows, tho other provokes opposition. Lot us not forgot that hurmony is quito consistent with variety of sentiment. Grcnt principles indeed, such as thoso for which our fore- fathers laid down their lives, must bo protootcd by those in authority, but in all details, other motives must have room to play. Established custom, divorsity of tasto nnd sontimont, prejudices of education, will everappoul from tho law of Ecclesiastical Courts to tho highorliw of Christian kindness. If any of us, my brethron, evor find a difficulty in tolerating the opinions of other mon who wo know uro as zealous and are influenced by tho samo lovo of Christ as wo «re, let us boar in mind tho Apostolic maxim, "ovor como evil with good." Some divergencies must ho expected in every Church and ago, whenover thoro is leen increasing activity and zeal among tho clergy, and w far they aro, as woll ns tho hot discussions Hint accom- pany them, healthy signs. But I doubt «'hollier any benefit conies from religious controvorsy at Synodal meetings. Pew havo thonocossary pationeo, or logical power to convinco thoir follow mon, and whatover rails to do this, can but do harm by exciting passion in our own breasts or tho breasts of others. If duty calls upon us to slate our opinions, let us honestly stato thom, and leavo thom to tho force of truth and the Spirit's power. As it was in tho days ol' tho prophets and of tho Baptist, God will bring gifted men to tho front, whonover He seca tho necessities of His Church shall need them. In making theso remarks in the intorests of tole- ration, I need not repeat to yon that with the ultra ritualistic movement at home, I have myself no sub stanti.il sympnthy whatovor. I'll bolio my life-long convictions, if I had. Had, indeed, Hint movement confined itself tomnking moro prominent tho duty ol Holy Communion, or upholding the dignity of the offico hy which ordained men, chosen of God us repre- sentatives of tho pooplo, presont thoir sacrifices of praises and tbnnksgiving, or " tho ottering up to . Christ of tho Gentiles," so far my sympathy would ' have gone with it. Thoro aro functions attached to [ our ministry and asserted in tho Church's office for I the ordering of Priests, too muoh loBt Bight of by . lomo; but 1 soo no truco of touching in tho Word of God, none in tho writings of tho early Eathers, none in the formularies of our own Roformod Church, which invcstB our ministry with any strictly sacerdotal functions whatsoever, us though the sacrifices wo pfferworomoro lhanmomorialsof tho one Great fcjucri jjco, "onco for over offered," although it was aeon by Bj. John 'Ins pf a lamb r.owly slain." But, though differing substantially from this extremo school of churchmen, it would bo uncharitublo to dony that they have also a favourable side, whioh gives to them their real power. We have promoted tho order and decency of public worship in connection with tho æsthetic revival of the age and tho best instincts of men and Non- conformists havo acknowledged their obli- gation. Thoy aro mon to whoso oxnmplo humanity isindoMod far their self-forgetting labours, and for th»Christian courago with which thoy havo enrolled listorhoods of charity, and sent thom to faco deadly disease, and to minister comfort and solaco to the sick and dying. For th¡B I honour thom, and if any of thom have fallon into error or delusions, derogating from the unchangeable priesthood of Christ, practi- cally, though not professedly, disputing thutSciipturo "there is ono mediator oetwoon God and mun." LeUa truat not to judicial courts, nor bitUr con- troversy but to earnest prayer and calm discussion ; to the pinero!' truth ; to the wiso old maxim, that "whatever is not of God will como to nought." Quarrels aro apt to run apnee, but a loving roconcili . alien ia elow to follow. A child's hand may kindlo a name, but a giant s cannot quoncli it. AS into churchmon, let us, nftor tho exnmplo of our martyred reformers, go back to those primitive days whoen sound evangelical truth walked side by side with sound catholic principles. From Clement of Rome, mentioned by St. Paul, to St. Augustine, how clearly the evangelic trumpet sounds forth tho doctrine of the blessed Trinity, the atonement, the life of faith, and tho work of tho Holy Spirit! Prom Ignatius to Tertullian, how equally distinct tho witness for tbe apostolic institution of Episcopacy and tho per- petua! obligation of the Sacraments as channels of grace! Let us not hy any notion show, or appear to show, Hint we aro faithless guardians of these truths. "The secret," writes a German rationalist, "of tho early progress of Christianity was tho ad mirable organisation of the primitive Church." But in those days tho Church tolerated tho widest diver sity of thought and notion. "The Christians of St. Paul," as Dean Stanley has written, " knew little of the Christians of St. John. There were within tho same discipline those who kept holy-days and those who did not. There were brethren who participated at the heathen festivals and brethren who made a conscience of refusing. And yet they walked by tho same outer rule, and bowed to tho same discipline" I believe that no other Church on earth approaches so nearly to this standard as our own, and that therein lies its strength. Anathemas and excommunications were then reserved for moral faults. " If there be," adds tho same writer, "it communion in the midst of us now which has had the power of uniting within its pale more dissimilar elements than any other communion in tho world ; if its institutions and its forma of worship bo such us of nocessily to nll'oul a tehigo to thoso who shrink from riiBhing into oithor o'tho two extremes, botweon whioh Christendom is at present divided, then such a communion, however far unlike in tilla or other respects it may be to tho Church of tho 5th or lath century, is at least in this respect not wholly unlike to tho Church of tho apostolic age." I nood not again remind you that there ovor havo Joca nnd ever will he two great schools within tho Uiurch, nnd so long ns noithor outsteps its proper boonda, thoy may sorvo as useful ohocks to each other. Thoro ia much ground of congratulation that ti Tv'in "I"'0 of Rrcllt 0XCC!8SUP, whioh bud dis «iijuished some Churches before thoy woi ocondomncd w unlawful, and in apilo of dollunt hinguago ex- pressed iub8cquontly hy n few oxoitod mon, thoro .".ma no disposition to push an advantago to an MU-eoity, no threat of fresh proBOOution so long us r.**i ipooiiilly objected to wore discontinued. «Heed, tim onforcomont of uniformity in dutnil him Wrptovodtoho simply impossible If it was so «oo in the dayi of Laud, it is still moro so now. In Mumming the lUtooftho Churoh at homo, wo should «er near m mind that in seasons, whan mutual for peamnoe has beon disturhod, iii« important to tako .oto aocount tho diflloult position of a Bishop. If ,i u »equlrod, againBt his jiidgmonf, to onforco a ÏÎ*T1 wrapltMtco with tho rubrics in one direction. M. Jil? Tr,<»uiUtMioy,ti Mu0i uo ,0 :n unoihor, omi S,.,T0BlliM^w,° 8reat,i inoreasod when, in timos uJi 2î5?-,nn "° »PMii'out often In vain, to reason .»iwafoling. Solong M We all preach Ctaty nnd Him cruoifiod, and from tho Cross ovolvo tbo dootrinos of human depravation, tho utonomont, .justification by faith in His merits, tho sanctifying intluoucos of the Holy Spirit, and onch fundamental ovnngolio truth ; so long ns wo abido by Apostolic order and discipline, wo may woll nfford to oxorciso tolorntion in mailors of subordinate importance And suffer me to add that a greater evil still awaits us. A disputing clergy forfeits the confidence and respect of tho educated laity. We have only to read our high-class periodicals to learn their views, They see outside gigantic evils making rapid headway ; inside tho standard-bearers disputing, about what ? As to the best mode of resisting selfish greed, im- morality, intemperance, and infidelity among tho people ? Tho correction of sloth, indifference, or inconsistency among tho ministers of religion ? No, but as to tho meaning of a difficult passage, or tho posture of a priest. It is a pity that we lay our- selves open to tho reflection that tho principles of toleration should be better understood by tho laity than by ourselves, and that their growth has always been more slow in religious than in secular matters. That wo may know our right position, let us look out broadly into tho world, and see how changed are tho tactics of the enemy, how subtle and deadly tho engines of attack, 1 ask you, are we " tho commis- sioned officers of Christ" arming ourselves with suitnblo weapons for the onslaught ? Wo say that we take our stand upon tho all-sufficiency of tho Holy Scripture. But men are now asking us what is Holy Scripture, and when was it compiled? "You tell us," they say, " that St. Mark and St. Barnabus were both apostles, nephew and uncle in tho flesh ; that both have left authentic works behind them, why is one canonical, and tho other not?" Again, those enquirers ask, " Why was tho Epistle to tho Hebrews admitted into tho Holy Volume when its very authorship is so much disputed ?" And if, from such questions, we take refuge in tho authority of the Apostolic Church and tho promise of a world-wide presence of Christ to guide us unto all truth, (hen wo aro naked, whore aro the limits of that premise, and where is the definition of inspiration to be found ? These aro questions which, a few years ago, it woro impolitic to suggest, as tending to excite doubts in minds, unprepared to admit them. But they are questions which tho restlessness 'of tho age will not allow us to escape. We have seen them during the past year openly agitated here, amongst ourselves. And sup- posing those questions, often put hy honest enquirers, to have been, as we think, sufficiently answered, look out again and toll me whether we are satisfied to see the advances of modern infidelity clad in still more hostile armour, unprepared to meet it ? Among the more educated classes, we may watch tho growth of that specious form of infidelity called " positivism," which is the refuge of some minds driven from tho distraction of speculative truths, the disputations of theology, until it accepts no creed beyond tho known laws and phenomena of science. " Secularism," of which we hear so much, is but another and popular form of " positivism." It tells us that man's business is with tho sæculum, i.e., tho life here below. That at least is certain ; all else is uncertain. We aro told that tho Christian views of Providence, personal responsi- bility, much more tho distinctive doctrines of Revela- tion, are antiquated and obstructive to tho progress of society. Addresses are largely advertised in England and elsewhere, and published by men, who weekly lecture to crowds whom wo fail to attract to our churches. I quote from Dr. Hessey's appeal to tho Christian Knowledge Society a specimen extract from tho chief apostle of popular secularism. "Nature acts with fearful uniformity, stern as fate, absolute as tyranny, merciless as death ; too vast to promise, too inexorable to propitiate ; it has no ear for prayer, no heart for sympathy, no arm to save" Those are hopeless doctrines, as they themselves confess, but they are propagated with a terrible earnestness, and I ask is this the time for tho camp of Christ's faithful ones to bo distracted by party feuds and antiquated animositios? Lot tia rather learn to "judge ourselves, that we be not judged of the Lord" for Hie loss of His sheep, unwarned, let our watchword still bo "ojao frulres, porgnmus sunni," nnd livo not only on terms of lovo among oursolvos, but of respect for Ihoso who enrol thomr-olvos undor other denomin- ations, ns brethren in Christ, whose co-operation wo may yet need against tho common foo. Lot us try to soo how this can be done, and that too without abet- ting tho sin of schism, or saorifioing our loyalty to our own Church. 'lurning our oyoinwards, do wo not «oa that ovor) ago lins its own poculinr lendono) ' Can wo not dis cointhesignofout own timos? Oinwodispassionntoly say that the tendoncy, on the whole, is towards sacer dotal despotism, which points to Rome and infallibility? Is it not rather towards Geneva and spiritual anarchy, trampling down all fences which separate tho historic Church of england from innumnrahle sec tions,many representing great though one-sided truths others denying tho atonomont of our Blessed Lord, and rejecting tho Sacramonts ? Por one I have never faltered in ni) allom mee to th it npoatolio nnd re formed Chinch, willan which I was bom and baptised I bohovo in hoi Apostolic Orders, in her boin only mission, and hor high destín), but «hilo I can do nothing that o\ on seems to imply that I regard oui divisions ns haimloss, I have leatnt to honout all ti no and conscientious mon, b) whntovor name tim) aro known Por nn\ reil and otganio union 1 would sacrifico nil that is not fundamental I would abandon all symbols of lalet dato that tond to koop Chiistutii mon apart, and would cling to thoso omlior ones of the nndmdod Church, which huppili uro witnesses to historic fact», rather than soholaslio subtloties I mean the ADOSUOS.' and tho Nicono Creod German Catholicism -To stop short of the true principles of corporate union, nnd to substituto ex- pressions of kindly regard or occasional passugos of brothorly fellowship, would ho largely to compromiso ourselves in relation to tho groat movement of liberal Catholicism iu Germany. I hail willi satis- faction tho adoption, on tho part of that national movomont, of tho very fundamental principio thnt underlies the English nnd tho Itish nnd overy othor branch of tho Anglo-Saxon Church. As a witness against the Roman doctrine of development, it is asserted in tho second nrliolo of the program mo drawn np nt Munich, " n dogma, to bo valid, must bo in accordance with Holy Writ and tho old tradi- tions of the Church, such as they have been conveyed to us in tho writings of the recognised Fathors and tho decrees of tho Church (i.e, of tho undivided Church)." In the third article of the same programme we read: - '. If those reforms are carried out, and tho road of science and progressive Christian culture is steadily pursued, we expect, that tho time will come when an understanding will be effected with the various Pro- testant Churches as well as with tho Episcopal Churches of England and America." All this points to a possible and glorious future in which the far spread English Church may, in tho Providence of God, havo yoi to sustain a past, a future, which would be ron- dored much less uncertnin, and much more glorious, if we had not to lnmojit our internal divisions and outward schisms. As mombovs of a Reformed Church, we cannot but feel a deep interest in this Alt-catholic movement. We can easily understand how the sturdy independence of the German character ' has riesn in arms against the doctrine of tho personal independence of tho Pope. lu many points, our sympathies, as English churchmen, cannot but go with the leaders of that movement. We hold in common the supremury of tho inspired volume, nnd tho presonce of tho Holy Spirit, as an interpreter. Tho Church, we hold, to ho tho witness and tho keepor of Holy Scripture, with which Christ's promise to bo " always oven to tho end," not lo the individual only, but " «'hero two or threo aro mot togothor," and surely, therefore, in tho councils of tho yot undivided church Dr. Bellinger takes his stand on history, but by that wo meun un "historical development of an infallible rule of faith in n living and organised body, vi/,., the Church." We, too, believe in history and also in tho Church as a living and organised body . for tho indwelling of tho Spirit, ondowod with living functions und reproductivo powoiB, Bul wo know nothing of stielt an " histoiienl development," nor any other infallible rule of faith, hut tho writton word which is tho light and lnntorn of tho Church. Dr. Dollinger rejects the authority of tho last Œcumenical Council, and takes his stand upon Tridentine ground, but ho must retrace his steps to the Nicene Councils, before tho Church was divided, or Rome had " developed" tho idea of becoming " tho mother and mistress of Churches" ; all this he must do, if he would claim a more perfect sympathy from tho Anglicnn Churoh. Muoh allowance, however, must be made, and much prayer is needed on behalf of it movement in Germany, where that grand scandal of tho Reformation, a sceptical Rationalism, creates tho re-actionary yearning after some historical development of an infallible guide of faith. In conclusion, nllow mo to oxpross the hopo that no wotds ultorod in the warmth of dobato, cnlou lutod to irrítalo oi to wound, will ho allowed lo bring discredit upon our Church oi our S) nodic ii in- stitution Vor IG coiilniios nitor Chitst no questions were brought before tho S) nods foi tho purposes of eager dobato, or far divisions into mnjoutics and ¡mnouties 1 ho object was to obtain public consent, mid lo dchvot nnthoutntiio uttornnco to measures already dtaeussed and npproied 'Iho tompti and tho necessities of tho ago haia changed all this, and tho fifth contur) nood not noces«anl) iurnish an osnet modol to tho HHh But if subjects must bo discussed «hiuh oxoito controléis), lot na at least show oui solvos woith) ol the «ork «hiuh tho ago has e,non to us, tho oh|cct oi which shuni I bo tho nieicaso of I mutual furbenrauco dining tho succeeding )om, mutual rospoot, and moiu net ii o und loi mg co- operation Mon who Iii o detached from llietr folio« - mon, mid huro lournt to lol o tho ti nth which the) haie rocuved thiough coitaip lol muías, alo iiatiirallj apt lo identify the tuilli itself nilli their mode of slating it 'I hu object of S) nodical inoatiiij,a should tond to eounlornct tim uni io« ness ol oin omi puvnlo i lows und tiitolornnoo ol othoi munn Let us beni in mind that wo live m un ago of simian mid unsettled opinions 'Iho diseoioiius of seionco and a speeitla U\o restlessness nie the nnuso, uhieh it ia thu ofhco ot Ibu Oliuioh to condoi und direct, not impugn or slight If tho Chinch, gi cut us silo bus beun in tho ages past, und gi eat tis sha is hull, shall muí loso hur oppoituiiit), und therefore hot pottoi.it mlluiifeo fiom her own disunion nud disorganisation, ivhiuh will gnu an advantage to Ibu forcis of sihism and itnbobof, which no othoi power «onld furnish Lot us hoar m mind Iho stuct and solemn tulluna! before whioh wo all soon must stand lu tho light «hiuh beams fiom tint awful tubunnl, how limul will appeal our transitory controversies upon protonndost mysteries, how puoulo our questions of i phontorul ceremonies! How all Impoitnnt our fitithfulness in brinuing tinners to lopontanca and «uiidoring prodiga» to theil futhers, aud ourbrothori) kindue» I ono towards another ! If wo oxpoct to livo in Heaven mid to attain to higher and yoi higher degrees of lovo thoro, lot us avoid all bilturiioss and wi.ith, and for this ond, lot ns pray for tho gift of tho Holy Spirit. It was, when tho first " disciples wore filled with tho Holy Ghost" that with " great power thoy gavo witness of tho resin-notion of tho Lord Jesus, and the multitudes of them that bolievod woro of ono hoart and of ono soul." Tho Synod then adjourned until seven o'clock. EVENINO SITTING. Tho Synod rosumed at 7 o'clook. NOTICE, Mr. BAHNAUI) gavo notioo to ask Iho Rev. Secre- tary tho reason of tho omission from tho proceedings of Session 1870 of certain resolutions p Also, to move the considération of the report ns to tho Furnoaux Mission fund. FINANCE. Tho Synod went into committoo to consider the reports and estimates submitted by tho Finance Committoos. Mr. Tarleton, Chairman of Committoos, took the ohair. The Rev. SECRETARY moved the adoption of the report of the Southern Finance Committeo. The itoms wero considored seriatim. A discus- sion ensued on a paragraph having reference to the action of tho committee as to the oonvoyanco to the trustees of church lands for whioh grants had not yot boen issued. The Rov, Canon Hnles said ho | would giro notice in Synod on the subject. The paragraph was then passed. Tho next item had reference to certain property at Westbury whioh was in a dilapidated stnto, and tho committco rocommendod that authority bo givon to apply funds to the repair and improvement of the property. In reply to Rov. G. B. SMITH, the Rev. Secretary snid the committee's idea was to do tho repairs out of the gonoral church funds. Rev. E. SYMONDS pointod out that tho estimate contemplated un expenditure of £2S0 in excess of receipts, and ho did not see how the recommendation could bo carried out. Dr. BUTLER, strongly urgod that the recommondn tion should not bo approved, and the words woro struck out of the report. In roforenco to tho estimates tho Rev. SECRETARY snid they woro framed on tho principle of requiring larger contributions from parochial funds, namely, £l,G15, the amount from Synod funds boing £1,370. Rev. Canon PARSONS moved that tho consideration be postponed till to-morrow. Rev. G. B. SMITH suggosted that some measures should ho adopted for increasing the church funds. Tho CHAIRMAN hero, by consent, reported progress. The report ns far ns it wont was ngrced to, and the further consideration of the estimates was deferred till Thursday. Tho Synod went into committoo again to con- sider tho nortborn finance report. All tho para- graphs in the report were agreed to without objection, but tho last, by which tho committoo protested against the cost of enforcing payment of the Rev. Mr. Ball's stipend boing deducted from tho amount applicable to payment of clergy mon 1 whoso stipends are not secured to thom ; and re- spectfully urging upon tho Synod tho j íntico of calling upon tho Rov. Mr. Ball to 'refund the legal oxponsr-s incurred on bis aooaunt and paid by Synod. The Rov. Canon HALES explained the viow of the Northern Finance Committee on the question. The CHAIRMAN ruled that it was not competent to the committee to pass a resolution having tho effect of impugning tho act of tho full Synod. Tho oluuso was withdrawn, Tho Rev. Canon HALES saying ho thought the sum in quostion, £10, ought to bo paid by Mr. Bull ; and tho Rov. G. B. SMITH observing that from what ho know of Mr. Ball ho had no doubt after what had boen said the rov. gontloman would pay tho amount. (Hoar, hoar.) The estimates woro then considered and passod. The CHAIRMAN reported progress, and tho Synod resumed, when tho further consideration was deferred until Thursday. Tho Synod agreed to sit to-morrow till G'30, and not to havo an ovening mooting. 