SPIRITUALISM. From the Saturday Review.) ' I THE phenomena known as spiritualistic have been recently attracting some attention; chiefly, as it would seem, owing to the believers having adopted a. quasi-scientific phraseology. The mere name of psychic force " persuades a number of ignorant persons unconscious of their ignorance whose chief impression about science is that, because it has rendered some strange things credible, it justifies us in believing any strange thing whatever that a power which has so imposing a name must have some corresponding reality. Other persons, we regret to say, who have some genuine, though limited, scientific pretensions, have given the weight of their authority to the supposed discoveries. What real importance should be attributed to their speculations may be learnt from a very interesting article in the current number of the Quarterly Review. Meanwhile the London Dialectical Society has published a report of the investigations under- taken by its committee, and that report is in some respects so curious that we propose to say a few words about it, without discussing the general bearings of a question on which enough has been said by competent persons. The committee prefix to a volume of considerable size a summary of the results obtained. They state that, besides receiving a variety of evidence, they divided themselves into six sub-committees These sub-committees held a number of meetings, and their reports, as the committee state, " substantially corroborate each other, and would appear to establish" various propositions; the most important of these being, that heavy bodies have been frequently moved and sounds produced without any muscular action, and that a code of signals having been established, various communications are ob- tained though it is not said from whom. The committee call attention to the fact that many of the persons thus corroborating each other were originally sceptics. We are duly impressed, and turn to the reports of the sub-committees in question. Here we find that sub-committee No. 2 professes to have witnessed all the phenomena described, and in very startling forms. Sub-committee No. 1 saw tables moved without contact with any human being, and I sub-committee No. 3 saw tables move under the influence of, as they supposed, very inadequate force. Sub-committee No. 4 saw nothing worth recording. Sub- committee No. 5 saw nothing, and heard only a few raps, though they were honoured by the presence of Mr. Home. Sub-committee No. 6 saw nothing except a ridiculous attempt at imposture. Thus half the sub-committees saw nothing whatever, and of the remaining three, one only held the so called communication by means of signals. And yet the committee calmly states that the reports substantially corroborate each other, and that a " large majority of the committee have become actually witnesses to several phases of the phenomena without the aid or presence of any professional medium." What ' is meant by " substantial corroboration " we must leave to be decided by persons who call themselves a Dialectical Society. "We could not, under the circumstances, very well imagine less corroboration, as we understand the term. We will next endeavour to form some estimate of the acuteness of the sub-committee which was more favoured than its neighbours. The most remarkable narrative which it records, and which we have no space to give at length, depends for its point chiefly upon the following circumstance. A spirit revealed to the party that his executor had embezzled certain money , which the spirit had left to one of the ladies present. Now, as it is said, neither the lady nor any other person had been previously aware of this fact, and, so far from suspecting the executor, she had made him a handsome present for his kind discharge of his duty- On investigation however, it turned out that the spirit was correct in his statements, and the committee wondered greatly at the unaccount- able revelation thus made. It is a very pretty story ; but two remarks must be added. In the first place, the investigation above mentioned consisted in the lady's husband referring to certain " letters which were in his wife's possession, and which had not been looked at for years." It is clear then that, she had looked at them, and that she might have ascertained the facts for herself. The question, is whether we are to believe that a spirit gave her the information some years afterwards through a table, or whether she had some dim recollection of the facts, and unconsciously directed the utterances of the table by a process too familiar to need explanation. There is yet a third hypothesis, which, as not complimentary to the lady's sincerity, we decline to state explicitly; but it certainly seems more probable than the interference of a spirit. In fact, the wonder disappears as soon as we see that the information was easily accessible without a trade of supernatural means. But, in the next place, Dr. Edmunds tells us in a very sensible letter that the report of this incident as first composed was substantially different, and that, on his pointing out an " internal inco- herence or contradiction," it was rewritten. The writer of the report tries to put a different colour upon this incident; but when the evidence as to the most wonderful story related is thus confused and uncertain, we hope that we are not very sceptical in treating the whole affair as too absurd to deserve further notice. The whole of the evidence collected by the Sub-Committees may be put in two words. Setting aside the silly rapping stories related by one Sub-Committee alone, it does appear that certain ladies and gentlemen sitting in a room saw, or thought they saw a table move without being touched, or without being affected by any adequate muscular force. If this phenomenon had been properly verified by scientific observers, it would doubtless deserve further investigation ; but the vague and loose manner in which all the circumstances are reported makes it quite impossible for us to attach the slightest value to the facts, or to conjecture the most probable expla a nation. It may, however, be noticed that the state of mind of the witnesses is one material consideration. Most people have seen ghosts enough, according to Coleridge's saying, to cease to believe in them and the utter incapacity for distinguishing between the objective and subjective is a curious feature in most of the evidence volunteered by different witnesses. Thus, for example, we look at a paper by Miss Anna Blackwell, containing some fifty pages of such portentous twaddle as this : " What we call the Universe having no original or independent existence, but being the intimation into the plane of Derivation of the Casual possibilities inherent in the Divine Essentiality;" and we discover the following instructive anecdote imbedded in the balderdash. Shortly after the death of a distin guished novelist, a lady looked into the tortoiseshell handle of her parasol and thought she saw his face looking at her from the surface of the shell. Miss Blackwell thinks it possible (we can't imagine why that if other persons had been present they would have seen the same and she imagines that this appearance was caused by a spirit ; if she was capable of descending from the philosophical altitudes which she appears to tread with a firmness worthy of Miss Hominy, she might perhaps give us her reasons for not attributing it to a trifling attack of indigestion. To return, however, to our Sub-Committee, we learn from their own report that they generally saw these wonders at dead of night, when all external noises had ceased, in a dim religious twilight, and what is significant after the story we have told, that they were never obtained except in the presence of the two ladies of the party. We fear that those ladies, and this is really the most practical moral from the report, were trying a very dangerous experiment. Dr. Edmunds tells us that of the few people whom he has known engaged in such pursuits, one has become the subject of " well marked mental illness, and another is in a lunatic asylum ; whilst a member of one of the Sub-Committees who took part in an exciting seance has since been seized with a mysterious form of paralysis. It is comparatively a slight evil that a knot of curious persons should talk inconceivable,nonseDse, torture evidence out of all shape, and proclaim imaginary discoveries. But any body who has seen something of the working of Spiritualism here and in America knows that sensitive and excitable persons are running a risk of a most serious kind. The inquirers may be simply making fools of themselves and many of their admirers, but they are making lunatics of others; and little as they may be conscious of their responsibility, we are inclined to speak of their proceedings with disgust rather than ridicule. One remark may be added on a subject which is sufficiently humiliating to sensible people. This volume contains a letter from Mr. Wallace, who is a believer, and who goes at some length into an argument which we frequently hear. If it is said, science has revealed phenomena which once seemed to be incredible, but are now explicable by known laws, why should it not reveal" equally startling discoveries in a different sphere of inquiry? Why are not spirits to be received as well as electric telegraphs ? Without going into the accuracy of this analogy, there is one simple remark which may do for unscientific people. When a true scientific law has been discovered, it may always be verified, and it is in fact in many cases tested daily by crucial experiments. When Franklin had once discovered that lightning was produced by an electric discharge, any qualified observer could repeat his experiments, and accordingly his discoveries were speedily recognised throughout the civilised world. When the electric telegraph has once been set to work, every body may satisfy himself a dozen times a day that it really does what it professes to do. The wretched imposture of s spiritualism differs signally in both these respects. So far from being able to repeat the experiments, the believers proclaim in the strongest way that the phenomena will only take place in the most capricious manner, and, singularly enough, they take place for the most part in darkened rooms and in the absence of scientific observers. If they are simply delusions, this is precisely what we should expect ; if they depend upon any such thing as a psychic force," it must be entirely different from all other forces with which we are acquainted. Mr. Home is an electric battery that will only give a shock when the best observers are absent and the conditions for observation carefully removed. And yet more, if there is a word of a 5th in some of the pretended results, nothing would be easier than to demonstrate them beyond all cavil. When the electric telegraph brought us the news of the burning of Chicago, any unbeliever in its powers would have been unanswerably confused. Why ' did not the spirits, who, as we remember, were very active at the time, tell us of the assassination of Lincoln before the Atlantic telegraph was in operation? One such fact would be all but absolutely conclusive ; but not a single example of the kind has ever occurred, and such attempts as have been made have failed ridiculously. All the Spiritualists in America tried to discover the position of Lincoln's assassin, and not one of them even made a good guess. Till they succeed in satisfying some such simple test we shall take the liberty of holding them to be impostors. Mr. Varley gives incidentally an odd illustration of this. He tries to explain why spirits are incapable of expressing scientific ideas, and he tells us that the probable reason is that the spirits are generally an ignorant set. Substituting mediums for spirits, we should be inclined to accept the explanation. But a few pages before he tells us that he has been in communication with Franklin. Surely that eminent person might have put him up to a discovery or two of a scientific kind which would have unmistakably revealed the presence of a more than human intelligence. But, by a singular fatality, the spirits perversely shrink from any thing that would really be a crucial test, and, as we shall venture to think, for the best of all possible reasons. Meanwhile we can only hope that this report of the Dialectical Society will involuntarily lead, in spite of the accumulation of preposterous stories which they have added to the committee reports, to discrediting a little further one of the most unequivocally de- grading superstitions that have ever found currency amongst reasonable beings 