LITERATURE. Literary Notices. THE TEN LAWS OP HEALTH, or Low disease is produced and ''an be prevented, by Dr. J. Black, published by Lippincott, of PhiladeL phia, is a book which ought to have a most extensive circulation, on account of its practical value to the world. lt contains no new revela tion respecting the art of preserving health,, no new discoveries in medical science, but it sets before the reader almost all that is known on the subject, in a plain, neat, attractive, and rememberabl« style, and, therefore, tends to powerfully impress his mind with a sense of the great value of health, and to determine him to act in accordance with the laws by which health is preserved and disease prevented. Dr. Black believes that most of the diseases which afflict mankind, are brought on by the conduct of those who suffer from them, many of whom Bin against the laws of nature from ignorance, and many others from obstinacy. Sometimes people eat too little and drink too little, but, in the majority of cases, those who suffer from sickness are guilty of the opposite vice. The great mass of mankind eat too much. A story is told of the celebrated Emanuel Swedenborg, theJSwedish seer, which, whether true or false, will help to illustrate our subject. Swedenborg who was generally «f an abstemious habit, had on one occasion partaken rather freely of bread and milk, which food was agreeable to his taste, aud, whilst pondering on some subject, he sud denly looked up, when, lo ! he beheld a little grey man sitting on a seat close to him, and with his eyes intently fixed on him. At length the spirit spoke, and said, Why do you eat so much ? This, it is alleged was Swedenborg's first interview with a spirit, and his first mani festation of clairaudience. We have here nothing to do with the question, whether the grey man was a real Simon Pure from the other world, or merely a post-prandial ghost, origi nated by a few ounces of unassimilated bread and milk, but the question which the grey man. is said to have uttered was a sensible one, and one that might with perfect propriety be addressed to most people. The great majority of persons, who are in a position to supply themselves with as much food as they can con sume, eat far too much. And the richer and nicer the food is, the greater is the temptation to excess. Hence* arises a very large portion of the diseases of the wealthy. On the other hand, numbers of people are unable to get food suitable to their wants, and hence in their case disease is often produced from an opposite cause. Dr. Black shows that, if men were to live, as they ought to live, they would die from the gradual decay of nature, and not from dis ease; whereas, under existing arrangements, not one in a thousand ever reaches a green and healthy old age. After showing that cold is not neai-ly so injurious po health as is generally supposed, our author points out that the pn mary condition of health is the breathing of pure air. The constant motion of the atmos phere is of immense importance as a hygienic influence, causing noxious vapours to be swept off into space, and keeping the air we breathe constantly pure and fresh. Man, however, m his ignorance, often does his utmost to neutral ize the benefits arising from free ventilation. Dr. Black puts this matter very forcibly before ? his readerB : j He builds himself houses, thick, heavy, solid, and as air j tight ns ingenuity can devise. It is his study to render tho ' air in his rooms as motionless as possible, and to shut off all communication between the inside and the outside of his house. A small air leak, from door- joint, window-frame, or infinitesimal crevice, must be instantly remediea. In thus boxing up in hts apartments a few cubic feet of air, he thinks himself and those he holds dear fortunate in being shut in from outside purity, where he must inhale the same air again and again. At night he goes into a sleeping- room, perhaps not. more than eight by ten feet In siz«, windows down, doors closed, to breathe its four or five hogsheads of air Borne half-a dozen times over before morning On entering such nn apart ment from the pure, crisp, outside morning atmosphere, tho foulness is almost overpowering. This foul air is often allowed to remain throughout the day without any menus of escape, ready to be rebreathed on the succeeding night. The result is that tho lungs aro half starved, the blood becomes poisoned, and the occupant gets up in thc morning ns weary, as languid, and as unrefreshed as when he lay down. He thinks, and the idea is cherished bv many regarded as authorities, that bis weakness comes from too little eating : so the morning dis taste for food is overcome by savory dishes, or by simply foroing himself to eat far more than his appetite culls for. This only serves to make him feel worse, so he is advised to take wine and stomach bitters ; in short, he must eat more to remove his debility, while all the time the point of starvation is in his lungs. The Doctor's further remarks OB the benefit of pure air, deserve careful consideration. One half, perhaps, of our complaints arise from the want of pure air. This is a want which nothing else can supply : The supreme Importance of good, pure lung food for all living beings-the tender infant, the delicate daughter, the robust man, and the old, bowed down with yea's-cannot be too strongly Impressed upon the mind. Pure air is not only the best of all blood purifiers, but it is the beat preserver against ill effects from other impurities, and the best of all tonics for weak lungs. The idea, deeply fixed upon the popu lar mind, that the onlv wav for tho weak to gain strength is through eating and drinking, leads to the invention of an endless variety of tempting ind over-nutritions dishes, and to the drenching of the stomach with wine and bitters. The practico is a most disastrous one. Thousands to-day are suffering in this w¡»y, or by having their lungs both starved und poisoned, while the stomach is stimulated to its utmost, and gorged with rich aliments day and night. Yet such °'tELJ remain pale, weak and thin, mid quack doctorB urge that more stomach bitters be taken to bring them out. They are also usually carefully housed, and directed to keep away from fresh air, from everything like a current, and ure not allowed to take out- door exercise, except on the finest days, and then only for an hour or less oach day, for fenr of taking cow. Besides, the kind of exercise taken is usually unworthy of tne name, for it too often consists simply in sitting quiet, in an easy po»ture, in nu easy carriage. This mode is quite proper for those debilitated bv actual disease, but not for the thin, weak, or delicate, who desire to be made strong and healthy Little by little, and day by day, should out-door exercise bo increased, until the body becomes pure enough and strong enough to take care of itself. If tho uniform half starving of tho lungs bo lone continued, even though the stomach bo well supplied, tho body gradually becomes weaker and weaker, and paler und paler, in spite 01 all the stimulants, all tho tempting dishes, and all tho care which art can devise and affection boBtow. And so, in wus " recular decline in health is established, or consumption SoDcrl all on account of the unfortunate mistake in think .»thatcolds, weakness, and consumption, can only be pre "intrti bv carel'ul housing and rich feeding. Such a system is Ihi varv one to cherish and bring on suoh diseases. It develops !h.m amongst animals which rio not have them in a slate ol' ii re It causes men and women to put large quantities ol' r il into the stomach, which, ii digested ¡md ea mci into the Mnnd does not receive sufiioient oxygen and sunlight to iwelól) its strengthening power. It prevents the taking of «èrcise to knit into finn libre, and nerve rich elements in the híiuii It cause* large quantities of nutritious matter to bo «írest'ed in its organization, where it must undergo decay, Sraiifiiag tin* healthy actiou <>f the entire blood current, and nrudlioi»gactive disease in some parts of the body, not only frnni bad nutrition, but from the creat labour put upon some organ to expel such hurtful matters from the body. Perhaps the supreme importance of giving tho lungs, duy ,d night, un unlimited supply of pure air, cannot bu better iniuressed upon smile minds than by stating that after more thou twenty years' observation of the causes which produce ' uuniptiuii, und a familiarity with the opinions of tlie best nlivsiciaiis of the day, I am firmly of the conviction that no one need have any fear of this disease if h s lungs aro only nourished on good air duringevery hour of lifo. The breathing ol a nure air a few hours eaoh day will not keep off the terrible destroyer, hut the lungs must have this kind of uir as often as nature requires it, and this, ut the least, is sixteen times eVerv inimité. A most valuable portion of the book is that which treats of the necessary connection between tranquility of _ mind, rest of body, sleep, and muscular activity, on the one hand, and health on the other. Setting aside the oafs who kapppn to be born with a silver spoon in their mouths, and who, as a general rule, are of little use to the world, society is divided into two classes, namely, those who think with their brains, and those who labour with their hands, and these classes are separated from each other by broad and distinct lines of demarcation. Dr. Black maintains, and we think maintains rightly, that these distinct classes of men too exclusively pursue their respective avocations. The excessive action of the brain tends to impair muscular strength and bodily health, and the excessive use of tbe muscles tends to dwarf ¡ind paralyse cerebral activity and energy. Thinking and working ought to alternate, and it is only by this means that a sound mind in a sound body can be . secured for the majority of the race. But, in order to place men in a position to observe the moral precepts which physiology thus teaches, it would be necessary to greatly remodel society, and more especially would it be neces sary to sweep away a mass of prejudice and delusions which affect the minds of men, and lead them to pursue courses of action detri mental to health. One means of removing these prejudices is the publication of books like that we have been considering, and hence we hope that th« work will have a most extensive circulation in the country in which it has been published, and that a sufficient number of copies of it will be speedily imported into this colony, for it is a work which places a very large amount of information before its readers, and in a very pleasant and attractive style. The JOURNAL OF SPÉCULATIVE SCIENCE, published at St. Louis, is the organ of a band of philosophers, many of whom reside in St. Louis, and other" elsewhere throughout the United States. In this Journal, all abstract questions are discussed with a vigour of thought and a subtlety of analysis, which are perfectly refreshing to the athletic intellect of the metaphysician. It is the custom of many to ridicule metaphysical speculation, and to represent it as of no use. And yet it must be obvious to every reasoning mind that the con nection between the most ordinary physical facts of the world we live in, and abstract inquiries respecting those facts, is very close and persistent. Even the most ordinary fact, when pursued onwards towards its ultimate analysis naturally runs into metaphysical speculation. You meet, say, a person in the street, whom you recognise as your friend. How do you know him to be your friend ? O, you see him, you will reply. Well, how do you see him ? By means of light, you will exclaim. Tue'pkysicist will tell us that lines of undula tions extend from all parts of the body of the person seen, and that these lines, operating on our nervous system through the medium of the eye, produce in our minds the perception of our friend. Well, be it so ; but your friend is at the opposite ends of these lines of undula tions, and the said undulations convey to you no clear and accurate notion of the nature of the centres whence they emanate. Yet you recognise your friend, and know a great deal about his physical and mental and "moral qualities, your knowledge of him being of the nature of metaphysical speculation, and, like all such speculation, scarcely admitting of demonstrative proof. We merely mention this very familiar fact in order to show that the inquiries pertaining to the domain of abstract thought are intimately connected with the most common-place phenomena of life and practical science. How little do unthinking minds know about the vast field of inquiry which even the most common-place fact spreads out before the mental ? eye of the speculative philosopher. In truth, the world is full of metaphysical mysteries, and, if the generality of men do not perceive them, the reason is that the generality of men are mentally blind, and, therefore, cannot exercise the function of clear vision^ on such objects. Discussions and inquiries respecting abstract questions occupy tn« pages of the " Journal of Speculative science" and as tho work is conducted with great ability, it takes a very prominent rank amongst the best philosophical journals of our "me. It ia a credit to American thinking. It orten contains papers on aesthetic subjects, on we platonic philosophy, on thc philosophy of gegel, on the views of Mill, Darwin, Huxley, ?herbert Spencer, and other great thinkers of «ie age, and it deals with these vioAvs in a bold, a vigorous, and a masterly etyle. Those vrho take an interest in such inquiries, ought to add it to the list of journals which they obtain irom Europe, by mail, for it can be readily obtained in London, and also from any of the ban Francisco booksellers. Another American publication, which con tains many excédent articles, which is always readable and very often pre-eminently so, is Lippincott's Serial. A few extracts from a recent issue of this magazine, we quote from the Jveto Yorh Tribune, of the 30th July last. "William Cooper Howels contributes an article on "Camp' Meetings in Westeru America, Fifty Years' Agu," in, which he says : The modern camp-meetings, over which tho manners of city lite Have east their conventional shadow, are but faint imita tions ot tlie power and great glo>-y of those druidical "feasts ot tabernacles" in the " forest primeval." Thero was a class ot chorus-tunes much in vogue, which were so shaped that they could tie attaohed to a great number of hymns in snell a manner as to stretch them to any desired length. The hymn Jesus, in y all, to heaven is gone,'' (longmctrei was afavorite one of this kind of manipulation, which utterly destroyed its meaning. Here is a specimen ol the compound thus effected : Jesus, my all, to heaven is gone, He whom I lix my hopes upon. Go on, go on, ye heaven-horn souls ; Go on, go on, I'm bound to meet you there. His track I see, and I'll pursue The narrow way till him I view. Go on, go on, ye heaven-born souls; Go on, go on ; and so forth, till the long-metro verses, or the singers, were exhausted, with one ot tho wildest of airs. There was another class, consisting of one verse refiting the names of Scripture worthies, after this fashion : Oh where is good old Noah! Oh where is good old Noah ? Oh where is good old .Noah? Safe in the promised laud. He went up through the Hood of waters. He went up through tho flood of waters, ' He wont up through the flood of waters. Safe to the promised land. This could be prolonged by introducing Moses in the next stanza, responding that he went upfrom the mount ol' Pisgah ; or the Heiirow children, who wont up through tho fiery fur nace. There wus no trouble about remembering these songs. Hut in all emergencies a chorus at hand which could bo tacked to any hymn of thc right measure, the governing idea being to have something that was very lively or intensely mournful. Some of the songs that were not broken up by tliese choruses were appropriate, and often beautiful in their way ; and with these were used the more lively hymns of Watts, Wesley, N"ew-toii, Toplady, or Cowper, to be found in the authorised Methodist collection. There were usually good taste and ju 'gmeiit exercised in the selection of these for special occa sions, as well as spirit in their musical execution. At times the effect was absolutely thrilling At what were called lively meetings, the singing was done with a kind of abandon, in which the tooling ruled the thought; and us tho enthusiasm increased, the ideas convoyed by the words were totally lost in the music. Then the choruses und less cultivated style of songs would tako the lead. This method of operating on the nervous systems of the devotees, warrants the infer ence that many of the effects produced at these meetings were more of an earthly than of a spiritual character. Lovers of what some call the fragrant, and others the detestable weed, will be glad to quote the example of Tennyson, as an excuse for their own devotion to tobacco. The author of the " Monthly Gossip," in the magazine under notice, says : Tennyson is a great smoker. He has never, with Lamb, praised "Bacchus's bluck servant, negro line," nor with Byron hymned the delights of "sublimo tobacco," but he dearly loves the weed for all that. Poet and dweller in the empy rean though he be, he knows nothing of Buskin's scorn for those who "pointe the pure air ot morning with cigur smolce." But he does not affect the mild Havana in anv ot its varied forms. His joy is in a pipe of genuine Virginia tobac co. A brother poet who spent a week with him at his country seat snys that Partugus, Regalias, and Cabanas, have no charm for him. He prefers ii pi po ; and of all pipes in the world acommoti clay pipe is his choice. He is averse to general company. Ever since un enterprising Yorker, after repeated solicitation, finally gained entrance to his grounds, and rewarded himself for tile trouble i>e had had in effecting that entrance by cutting down the tree that Garibaldi hud planted with his own hand, Tennyson's horror of admitting promiscuous visitors has been extreme. But to those who come properly accredited he proves a charming host. His den is at the top of tho house. Thither he repairs after breakfast, and, m the midst of a sea of books on shelves, tables, chairs, and lloor, toils away until he is fatigued. These hours of labour aro as absolutely sacred as were Rich ter's; no human being, unless upon an errand of life or death, is allowed to intrude upon him then; but when his morning's work is douej he is glad to see his friends, sends tor them indeed, or announces by a little bell his icadiness to receive them. As soon us they enter pipes ure lighted. Of theso pipes he has a great store, mostly presents from admirers und friends. The visitor hus his choice, bo it a hoo kah, nargileh, meerschaum, or dhudeeii. Tennyson is fami liar with ¡ill grades of smoking tobacco, and tho guest may select ut will Latania, Connecticut leaf, Periquo, Lone Juck, Michigan, Killi k mick, Highlander, what not. The poet him self follows the good old plan ot his forefathers from Raleigh downward. At his feet is a box full of white cluj' pipes. Filling one of these, he smokes until it is empty, breaks it in twang, and throws the fragments into another box prepared for their reception. Then he pulls another pipe from its straw or wood enclosure, lilis lt, lights it, and destroys it as before. Ho will not smoke a pipe a second time. Meanwhile high discourses goes on, interrupted not seldom by the poet's reading select passages from the manuscript not yet dry. So the hours ure whiled delightfully away, until it is time to stroll on the cliffs, or dress for dinner. 'Smoking ceases when the den is left-rarely, if ever, before. CAMPERDOWN FREE LIBRARY.-A public meeting for the purpose of forming a Mutual Improvement Association, under the by-laws of the Free Library ut Camper down, wus held in tho reuding-room of that, institution, at the temporary Town Hull, Camperdown, on Thursday, the 3tst October. Tlie Mayor wus unanimously voted to tho chair. There was a good attendance. A number of members were enrolled, und resolutions carried, appointing u committee to draw up rules, &c.; The association to meet every Wednesday evening. Readings, recitations, debates, &c;, ure to be subjects of study and exercise alternately. The Mayor (Thomas Alex ander Hinds, E-q.), was elected president of the association. A meeting of Friendly and Benefit Societies Conference took place on Friday when there were present Messrs. E. Swinson, P. Howling, J. Hurst, J. D. Morris, G. Krim, J. H. Seamer, T. Cremen, E. Morgun, and the hon. secretary, J. Slade. Mr. Brun presided, und called upon the deputation appointed to wait upon the hon. Colonial Secretary to report. Mr. Seamer and tho hon. secretary, said that Mr, Parkes received the deputation courteously, and after hearing their remarks and questioning them, admitted tho necessity of tetter legislation for their various societies, and promised with the sanction of his colleagues to bring in the now bill as a Government measure, and, if possible, get it passed intoluw ut the earliest. Mr. Purkes also admitted the justice and nd visibility of adding a clause, making all communications made for tile sole purpose of protecting societies from fraud or imposition, and made to tin proper officers or meeting on mutters relating solely to the societies afl'uirs, priveleged. It wus further resolved that us tho hon. secretary has hitherto paid all expenses for advertising, printing, postage, and all other expenses incidental upon bringing tho bill forward some four times, tho various societies be requested to subscribo 2s (id euch society or brunch towards the actual and necessary ex penses Messrs. Holdsworth, Seamer, Graham and J. Slade, wore appointed delegutesto watch the bill in ¡ts progress and render uny information in their, power, aud call whatever meetings aro necessary in tho future, 