THE COMING COMET. (From, the Saturday Reriao.) Nervous people, as it is credibly stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that; a , distinguished;: astronomer had discovered a jnonstrous comet - nubing straight toward us with amazing rapidity from-the remote abysses of space, and jet pursuing its qonrse> with,as little tendeucy to deviation as ogh it were running on xaila. Some ^£'ptenet inight by {possibility put forth a belpir« hand, and twist the approaching monster from ita eonroe, as the hero-of'a novel diverts the' ran away steed just as it is about Ao" crash the heroine. Oood-natored sstronomerehavetakpn pdcMtp<£kpUinth&t; there lo such ootitgt Crtnin^that jf it were oom- [ It^'Wimla ^h^r^ ; and , , it we have siltgady pawed tnrough a comet and found it leM <«bBraaoBs thao a London ' > fog. ; The astronomers mean well, bnt they are terribly prosaic -people. They ought surely to understand that they 8ft robbing iis of a jura^r pleasure.Have ,they {not u their boyhood, foraven MftonotqerB lwve lieen boys, snatched a foarftill JOT from the J ghosts and other supernatural, (bangers with which _ childta^ imagination loves to people ..the dim borders bf its littie .world ? Would anybody willingly .give up that deliciouB feeling of snperstitions awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haur>ted than a railway station? Astronomers have already taken liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiezy monster plunging through the air with a death- dealing tail has been weighed and measure^, and had, as it were, a mathematical hoqk put. in his-: jaws, .till his impressiveness has departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmiBtakeable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thomson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that some time or other the world would be smashed to atoms, like bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course his feQow-philosophers found fanlt with some of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period, " dally with false surmise," and endeavour to return to the simple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronopier has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophecy is coiTect. Within a few weeks we shall be able without the use of telescopes to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not have time for even an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawl amongst the little excrescences of the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. On the other side of the world we shall perhaps have just one flash of sensation. We shall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust—to indulge in a humble simile—is knocked off the under side of a carpet hy the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it—so we shall remember on the faith of a President of the British Association—some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin ov<>r and over again that endless process of evolution which will have come toBO sum- mary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the comet, but we are wrapped in its fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the eternal ice of the poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cnmming might possibly be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world; but nature is not prodigal; she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers mnst fill np for themselves. It is rather curious to enquire what would be the slate of onr minds if such a catastrophe could be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable that we shonld resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things even if they had to twist a few laws of natnre for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were all really convinced that 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12 th of August, the whole human race and its' dwelling-place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what wonld be the effect on our minds t The most natural supposition is perhaps that the whole course of affairs would be thrown ont of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city demoralized by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or wonld endeavour to awaken the consciences of the sinners around them'; whilst the sinners would become utterly reckless, aud would remember that there was no use in keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest; but the question remains, how far it Wuld be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vk in/rtix in our old groves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect One wonld feel that, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employments which have become necessary 4>arts of our existence. There are innumerable stories snch as that of the man who insisted on taking his accustomed pill an hour before he was hanged ; and if we were, all under sentence of execution—as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet—it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say. It's all very well: we shall not want anything more after the 12th of August; but that is no reason why we should not have onr regular meals and enjoy newspapers at breakfast. It does not appear- inconceivable that the Tichborne case wonld drag its'slow length along, though it were perfectly dear that in a few months the estates wonld be flying'in fragments, some towards Sirins and others tojthe Pole Star; that nobody's title, however perfect, would be of much value when the lands in question. were situated in different comets as well as countries; and that a writ of ejectment had, been served upon all parties with an emphasis which there was no resisting. We snspeet that cargoes of preserved meat;wonld be exported from Australia, though rt WM certain that the seas would be dried up long before they could make even the most rapid passage; -The duly papers would continue to appear, and indeed would be driving a roaring, trade; everybody mold be anxioui to have the {atest intelligence as to the oomet, the details as to its structure revealed by the speetroacope, and the result of the last-calculations as to the exact moment of collision. Editors wonld be {trovided with that invaluable boon—a topic, theinterest of whieh would be steadily increasingffy.the end of the world; and though they w«dd dovbtless receive fatten' up to the .last from correspondents anxious to explain the causes ofthe dulness of sermons, the decline in the trustworthiness of servants, and the carelessness with which excursion trains were managed, they would be inore independent of those interminable, though now fortunately to be terminated, controversies. And when we reflect on the irrepressible eloquence and -the strong sense of duty of the British journalist, there is nothing of which we feel more confident than that the morning of the 12th of Aognst wonld be signalised' by the appearance of an article in the highest style of tne Daily Telegraph, summing up the history of the world in a few glowing paragraphs, and congratulating mankind on the fact that their extinction woold at any rate be contemporaneous with that of themselves and of William Ewart Gladstone. Fresh editions would be published np to the latest possible moment, and we shoald be encouraged to hope that tbe germs flying off to other worlds on the fragment of onr own carried with them a potential Telegraph. The persons for whom we shonld feel the deepest sympathy would be the prophets, as it wouU 1 be so very annoying a reflection to Dr. Cnmming that, if it had not been for this fII— regulated comet, tbe battle of Armageddon wonld have taken place next year, and the accuracy of his prognostications have been signally verified. We are, itmiy be, assuming a little too much. There are certainly some things in which a change wonld be pereeptible. There wonld be no betting, for example, on next year's Defby, and the funds could not be influenced by rnmons of approaching wars. The spirit of gambling would have to take a different shape, and roulette or rougo et noir would gain a sudden popularity in place of specnlation on more distant events. But in one form or other, in spite of the emotions of the more excitable sort of people, we fancy that the machinery of life, from its greatest down to its pettiest operations, would have to go on working to the very eve of the catastrophe, from the sheer incapacity of most persons to break off their accustomed habits. We have not considered the case of a partial crash ; nor do we much care to ask what our feelings would be if America or Ireland, or China were 'suddenly swept out of existence, or still less what we shonld feel if we knew that it was an even chance whether the ball would fall upon them or upon ns. That reflection opens a boundless field of speculation; and we will only express our conviction that a good many people wonld still enjoy their dinners, and even reel jt as a not unpleasant excitement, if a whole hemisphere were crusbed to-morrow, so long as it was not their hemisphere. But whether we are to consider this a melancholy proof of onr deficient sympathies, or as a mercrful arrangement to save us from unnecessary pain, is a problem which we cannot discuss. 