Caleb Thornton. CHAPTER XXVIII. The next morning I was up early, and, having refreshed myself with a bath, strolled out into the garden, my brain filled with thcrae happy fancies which are the offspring of first love, and of first love only. And while thus pleasantly engaged, I heard the voice of her with whose image those fancies were full. She was close behind. ' Well, Mr. Thornton,' she cried, with an arch smile, ' I must say that the more I see of you the better I like you. There is nothing like rising early and breathing the freshest odours of the day though ; I muBt confess, to my shame, that a very large portion of my fellow-countrymen and countrywomen do not think, or, at any rate, do not act as I do, and as I see you do, also. But come, I want to 6how you my pets.' With a frank friendliness, that had no spice of bold ness in it, she took my arm, and we passed through a little gate into a large yard at the side of the house. No sooner had -we entered than there arose such a cackling of geese and crowing of cocks as I had never heard before, even in dear Patsey's poultry yard : while a couple of large dogs and several goats came bounding towards my sweet mistress. How I 'envied these the caresses which she gave them, and which, I doubt not, were rendered the more fond in appearance because I was near ; for, be the woman the purest and most artless, she cannot forego the pleasure of tormenting a lover. 'These are my pets,' said she; 'see how fond they are of me. And now, to shew you the best of all — my own brown Bessy.' She led the way to a stable, and throwing the door open? called out to the animal which I saw in a loose box within. The beautiful creature whinnied, and throwing up her head came towards the girl, who, , with eyes flaring with pride and affection, stood re garding her favourite. The mare came up close, and put her muzzle into the hand which Lucy extended towards her. ' Is she not a beauty ?' she asked, turning to me. 'Two more beautiful creatures I never saw to gether,' I cried, -with an earnestness that relieved what I had said from any suspicion of compliment. The sweet girl turned her'head away and laughed. 'There, Bessy,' she said, passing her arms around the mare's neck, while the animal bent djwn to re ceive the caress, 'there is a compliment for us. However, whatever good looks I may possess I have no doubt I know them by heart, or my looking-glass is a deceiver. But Bess here is all the more beau tiful that she is unconscious of it — at least, so I think. I often wonder -whether, when she- looks at the reflection of her beautiful face in the water, when 6he drinks, she has any thought of her own loveli ness. But come, here is papa — come along Bess.' ' Be the piper,' cried the jovial old Major, ' you've beaten me. I thought I should be the first awake. Well, I like to see young people up and abroad, breathin' the fresh air, in the mornin' early — * Oh, the balmy air of heaven, JuBt as tbe son awakes, And caste tbe glow of mora&' O'er meadows, woods, and brakes.' ' sang the Major, in a rich baritone voice. ' Well, Bees, my lady, has yer misthress been pointin' ye out to the English gentleman on theJSour. Ha! ha!' and he gave me a greaf poke in the ribs. While we ate a capital breakfast in a pleasant room looking out upon the fresh garden, Lucy's favourite stood without, while now and then she would throw her a piece of bread, delighted when the animal taught it. It was a pleasant pletureof home life, the more impressible, as I thought in the absence of others than ourselves; for the Major, as the reader, will have guessed, was a widower, and Lucy: his only, child. We all had a stroll abbut the pretty township, and after an early lunch I bade my kind entertainers good day, receiving a pressing invitation to pass the follow ing Sunday with them, «nd to bring Vaughan with me. Miss Broughton was good enough t© walk with, me as far as the gate which led from the little estate into the road. There she shook hands with me, and said that she trusted I should be a frequent visitor at the cottage. ' The fact is, Mr. Thornton,' she said, ' we know a very great number of people, but few whom we care much to visit ox receive herei Neither papa nor I care for what people call fashionable life, as you must see from our way of living ; and as I fancy you share our tastes I know we shall get ©n very well. ' With this she once more allowed me to take her hand, which I had the courage to press to my lips. Whether all my courage oozed out 'with that kiss, I know not, but I dropped her hand, and without daring to look up asked her pardon. To my surprise and pleasure, she laughed ; and looking up into her face I saw no anger in it ; but it glowed with, blushes, and in her eyes, while there was archness, and not a little merriment, I read an under shadow of tender ness, which made my heart leap with joy. ' Good-bye,' she said. 'Nay, I will not imperi my hand any more. I fear that you are a sad flirt, Mr. Thornton,' and with a side glance from beneath the long black lashes which fringed her glorious eyes, she passed away from me. As though I had been suddenly expelled from Paradise, I stood for some moments absorbed and motionless. Then, with a deep sigh, I left the gates of my Paradise. Ah, me ! after all, the pleasurable agonies of just and innocent love are surely the only foretaste permitted to us mortals of the joys of heaven. I did not well recover myself until the 'bus dropped me in Wynyard-square. I hurried at once to my hotel, where I found Vaughan, to my surprise, surrounded by papers, with his portemonnaie unlocked, and its contents— jewellery, gold coin, and other articles of value— scattered about. He greeted me cordially, and told me that the mail from England had arrived, and that a letter had come for me. I opened it eagerly, and found that it was written by Miss Her bert; who, while she wrote much concerning herself, wrote also for all my dear friends. They had re ceived the letters I had sent from Port Phillip, and were overjoyed to hear from me. I was assured that, while for the time they had been much annoyed at my conduct in running away from my apprenticeship, they were now satisfied that I had good reason to fear that it would be impossible for me to continue with Mr. Parbuckle. Of that person she spoke as follows: — ' You have no idea, dear Caleb, how this man has annoyed us. Not content with receiving the amount forfeited by you, he sought to get more by urging that he had lost your services ; and papa, who has a horror of the law, was weak enough to give him a large amount to satisfy him. This, with Other severe losses we have had latelyi has sadly ' reduced our income ; but for all this, we are happy enough. The sum you sent to us we have not touched, papa urging that until absolute necessity compelled us to trench upon it, it should lie as a trust fund for you. And now of another matter, of which I am sure I can speak to you without fear. Lord - — , who, as you know, caused me much trouble in Ireland, has resumed his importunities, and to my great surprise and grief has succeeded in winning papa to his side so far as to make hi™ remonstrate with me as to my coldness to his lordship. Beside Patsey, I have no one to whom I can pour out my sorrows'; and it seems to me that I shall find sympathy in you. Moreover, you have hinted at returning home. Should you do so, I fancy you could relieve me of this sorrow ; for you know,' enough of the wickedness of the man who persecutes me to prove; an ally of mine in my rejection of his suit. Again, I know well that my father, who has always been so good to me, is only favourable to this matter because he hopes to secure me above poverty. He little knows how 'welcome the direst poverty would be in preference to a marriage with this wicked man. But enough ojFmy miseries ; let me tell you of Patsey and Kate, whb both urge me to send all kinds of loving messages to you. Katie has grown wonderfully, and very pretty. By the way, you will of course remember Walter Renfrew, who — young scamps that you were — ran away with you. Well, he was recovered by that horrid Mr. Parbuckle, and, as you may suppose, led a poor life with him. 'We saw a good deal of him, for papa went down to Bristol several times to see him; and although the old sailmaker tried to avoid it, he was compelled to allow Walter to have the holidays, which, as I under stand, were stipulated for under his indentures. So we saw Walter often, and became very fond of him. Katie, in particular^ grew to be his fast friend ; and when at last he carried out his intention of running away again — which he made no hesitation in an nouncing to us — Katie was sadly put out, as indeed we all were. He wrote us a very nice letter, stating that he intended to hunt you up ; so that I dare say you will have seen. him ere this. We hope soon to see you home again. Believe me, when I say that you are remembered by all with affection, and by none more so than ' Your faithful friend, ' Emily Herbest.' CHAPTER XXIX. Miss Herbert's letter gave me no less pleasure than pain ; pleasure, to hear from her and of my other friends ; pain, that the letter bore such ill tidings. Vaughan was watching me. ' Well,' said he, ' good or ill news.' I handed him the letter, and asked him to read it. As he did go, I noticed that his brow contracted and that he set his teeth hard, while for some moments he seemed lost in thought. Presently he handed the letter back to me. ' You must give me a letter of introduction to Miss Herbert,' he said, 'I'm off the day after to-morrow. You, as I guess, have decided to remain behind.' As he spoke, I noticed an arch twinkle in his eyes that made me blush ; for I knew that he had pene trated the secret of my new born love. ' Nay,' said he, ' never blush man. As I take it, despite my bitter experience, so far from there being anything to be ashamed of, there is much to be proud of, in an honest affection. But there, we won't talk about the matter. The Europa sails on Friday next, and I go with her. Therefore, if you remain, pre pare your letters. Of course I had to decide to remain, and to accept Mr. M'Lean'B proffer. But I was not now in the position in which I stood when that offer was made ; for I had decided to send half my capital to relieve Captain Herbert. I said as much to my friend. ' Just what I expected from you,' said he, ?' but my dear boy, you need not put yourself about. I cannot explain all ; but this much I can say-— that you may depend I have the power not only to relieve Captain Herbert's embarrassments^-and these do not appear to be serious— but also to send my Lord ? (he epoke here 'with bitter contempt) to the right about. -So say ao moie^ embark your capital as M'Lean ad vises, and ere two years have passed away I'll rejoin you. Meanwhile you shall hear promptly and regularly from me.' I agreed so iar as to devote but £500 of my capital . to the purpose towards which I had contemplated, giving half of it. This money I entrusted to Vaughan, together with letters to all my good and kind friends. Vaughan promised that his first business on arrival should be the delivery of these letters. The following day my friend told me that he was going to pay a visitto Mrs. Plowte'n, touching the dis position of his child.' ??????;!?? ' I confess,' said he to me, ' that I do not know how to act in the matter.1' ' If I were you,' said I, ' I should— at any rate for the present— leave her where she is, with the mother. So far as I can judge, Mrs. Plowten is just one Jof those women, who, however, bad by nature, have a very keen perception of the usefulness, if not the beauty of virtue. She has no motive for bringing up - her child in any but a proper manner. Take my word for it, your best plan will be to leave the little thing with its mother.' ' upon my honour, I think you are right,' he answered, ' in the first blush of my surprise at meeting : my wife, I felt that I eould not honourably leave my child with her. But cooler thoughts bring better judgment. Tor the present, as you say, I will not interfere with existing matters. But I must have a final conversation with my charming Laura.' He smiled bitterly as he Baid this, and mounting his horse rode away. I lit a cigar and strolled down, towards the Queen's Wharf. Going down Church hill, whom should I meet but that eccentric fellow Mr. Nicodemus Nollekins. Smarting as I was under the absurd paragraph with which we had been mixed up, I determined to cut him, so turning my head aside I endeavoured to pass over to the other pave ment. But he had seen and marked me, and now ~ pounced upon me. ' What !' cried he, ' d'ye mean to say ye didn't see me. Oh, come now : that won't do at all, at all. See now, come with me to the Grafton Wharf, and I'll show ye that divil of a bailiff returned from his tour to the north. Maybe there'll be Borne fun.' With that he seized my arm and turned me round ; and, ere I well knew it, I was opposite my hotel again. ?? Come in,' said he, 'we've time enough to wet our whistles.' ' But really, Mr. Nic ? ' . ' That's itr-Nic — that's my name. Come on, come - on.' '? But,' said I,. drawing back, ' I don't want to wet my whistle.' . -? ' What !' he ejaculated, seizing me by the shoulder and holding me at arm's length, while heregarded me with a face that expressed unqualified astonishment, ' you mean to tell me that you don't — want — to wet your whistle. . Pooh, ridiculous,; unheard of— not want to wet your whistler-Jbah, come on.' With these words he took me by the arm and liter ally dragged me into the hotel,- where he at once ordered a couple of glasses of brandy, and thrust me into a seat. For the life of me, and annoyed as I really felt, I could not forbear from laughing, ??That's right,' 'he cried, 'I like to see amanshow his teeth that way. Why 8hpuld;he not ? Sure, this world is a merry world, if we take it properly. It is only the miserable hypochondriacs and indigestible fel lows who can't grin.' \ . ... ,' Who could be angry, with such a fellow — so full of, animal spirits, and so, cavalierly, ; indifferent to rebuff. I confess / could not, and so , I, found myself hob nobbing with the very man against whom, but a few minuteB ago, I had felt no little anger. He had evidently ? noted the feeling .with which I had been animated when I met him, for he presently said, ' Ah, I know very well, Mr. Thornton, why you meant to give me the cut just now. You were annoyed about that paragraph. , Well, upon my word, I can't see why ye should be, seein' that it brought ye before , the public in the most favourable light. Faith, if there's one thing more than another that I'm mighty proud of it is the gift I have of , writin' paragraphs for the newspapers. It's a gift, I say. I'm enthusiastic in the matter, and, between you and me, the divil a thing happens — be it a fire, a murder, a divorce suit, a robbery, or the drivin' over of » child in the street —but what I hear of it as soon as it is done. It's little - sleep I have, what with . huntin.' up one thing and another ; and all the policemen and the detectives in the country know me. Bedad, 'tis meself has the faculty of the reporther. However, this ye'll see by and-bye. 'Tie time now,' looking at his watch,i' for the Newcastle boat. Another, eh?— no. Well, well be off. 'Tis a moighty fine lark we'll havejany way to see the ould ruffian land. Bedad, if he sees me he'll beat me like a bulldog, so he will.' My singular friend took my arm, and before I well knew it we were in the street, and soon on the wharf. The steamer was just rounding the point as we got upon the wharf. She was Boon alongside. 'There he is, there he is,' cried Mr. Nicodemus, laughing heartily ; ' come away behind this post. Oh, by the pipers, if it's not enough to make a man give up the ghost with laughin'. Look at him, the miser able crayture,' and he fairly doubled himself up with laughter. Sure enough, there was the gentleman whom we had escorted down to the Newcastle steamer on the night of Mrs. Crow's ball standing on the after deck wrapped up in an old overcoat which he had evidently borrowed from some good Samaritan. His nose, always red, now looked positively purple ; while his small eyes, seen indistinctly as they loomed forth from between the heavy fat of his cheeks and his bushy eyebrows, glared with the brutal glare of some wild beast. Certainly Mr. Gumpy looked anything but amiable. The steamer soon hauled alongside, and one of the first to land was Mr. Morris. He was received by two gentlemen, who, from their outward aspect, were evidently in the same line of business ; and who a& evidently sympathised with Mr. Morris, when, with many oaths and asseverations, he revealed the story of his wrong. As it so happened, the story was told, within earshot of us, as we stood behind some bales of hay. 'If ever I ketch him,' said Mr. Gumpy, with att awful oath in support of his threat, ' I'll skin him- and eat him.' To my horror, my companion burst into a loud laugh. Mr. dumpy and his friends turned towards, us. ' Why, so help me never,' cried the bailiff ; ' there he is,' and with these words he sprang at the throat of Mr. Nicodemus. Actuated by I know not what feeling, and a desire to save my skinny friend from annihilation, I inter posed my person, and received Mr. Gumpy's rubicund nose upon my clenched fi6t. He rebounded like a. cricket ball from a bat, and I fell prone upon the jetty. 'Police,' roared the bailiff? 'Hurrah,' shouted Mr. Nicodemus, and ia less time than I take to write it, we were surrounded by a crowd. Here was a predicament for one whose soul was filled with the refined promptingB of a romantic attachment! ' 