THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter fiuui tbe U»r. R Knlli-r, missionary at Fraacr'u Island, to a friend in Ipswich, placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier, gives an interesting account of some native prejudices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look npon her son in-law at any time ; they believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together toeing at school-tune, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their sons-in-law there, and yon will see them ' backing ' into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at tbe same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himsnlf from his mother'* gaze. The young man will not ait down on the same stool or box, or, in fact, anywhere when a young woman has been sitting at anytime. They imagine that tbe young man would sicken an-l die. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentle menu The shadow of young women must not pass over the sleeping-places of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset the natives will sometimes throw sand op into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the ahuiim^ nMr the mission, and enable them to get on board tobacco, biscuits, ice., which Hie ~ft»?nit gene rally supply them with. A man cannot mairy a woman belonging to his own tribe, aad the children are supposed to belong to the 'mother's tribe.'' As a rule tbe natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it It seems custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitions notions, they can merely say it is so, or such i* the case, Ac They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is a devil (mellong), bnt they have no idea of a God. To give yon an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just aay:— That on this island, which is about85 miles longby 12 broad, there arclthink. not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than 19 distinot tribes. Bat strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white peoplft, have made such havoc among them that tbe tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many flocks, they *m«le»™»t« u a hut resource. And as regards chiefs, that tide has almost died out, the strongest man or tbe greatest bully, 'takes upon himself' to be No. L Although tbe aborigines were not in tae habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now, since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great smokers — men, women, and children. They are cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, aad the young women, if they are fat But cannibalism is not so prevalent amoug them now aa it was before the white man came. When a person dies they skin him (eld men and women accepted) ; ths akin is dried and carried about by one of therdatives as a sort of charm. The bones and ether parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they bum tbe body, and carry the ashes about They believe tint tbe spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes loll their enemies. They generally shift their camp when one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, atones, pieces of glass, fee., from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that be can go in tbe earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off, they also say that they cannot Irill him, and that he wffl never die. 