GEELONG GENERAL SESSIONS. (Before His Honor Judge Forbes and Jury of Twelve.) Crown Prosecutor-Mr Armstrong. (CBIMINAL JURISDICTION.) Robbing HIS Fatheb in Latt. - James Ready surrendered to his bail to answer a charge of having, on tho 10th of March, stolen two quilts, two pairs o£ blankets, three sheets, three shirts, and nine yards of flannel, the property of his father-in-law, John Mullano, of Modewarre.' There was a second count of receiving. Ready pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. The evidence in this case has already been published. The prisoner was married to Muliaue's daughter-Mullane having taken unto himself a young wife. On the date mentioned, whilst Mr and Mrs Mullano were absent at church, their house, ib was alleged, was broken into, and the blankets, sheets, &C.;, missed. Mrs Mullano and her daughter-iu-Iajv, a Mrs Burns, identified tho articles (produced) as those missed from the house, and the arresting constable deposed as to finding them, on the 22nd of July, in the prisoner's house. The prisoner urged " that he never hadifceen and never was a thief." He had a wife and four young children; the things werg given to his wife by hor mother before she was killed - at Mount Moriac. Ho then called, for the defencb, Mrs Kelly, daughter of the prose cutor, who gave evidence to the effect that Bhe was present when tho former Mrs Mullane gave her daughter, Mrs Ready, a number of things, including a quilt very like the one produced in court. After a lapse of a few minutes, the foreman stood ;ip and said that tho jury bad foi^ad the prisoner " gqilty of receiving," but wished to retire in order to consider the question as to whether, when receiving the goods,- he know them to bo stolen. They then retired; when they were recalled, and informed by His Honor that their verdict must be on tho question of stealing, whether they thought the prisoner guilty or not guilty of stealing, as the count of " receiving" could not bo sustained. After the lapse of half an-liour the jury returned into court, dtating they found the prisoner guilty' of receiving, knowing them to be stolen, but recommended him to mercy, on account of his being a family connection. H's Honor said he would not tal{e that verdict; it was not borne out by the evidence; thoy. must find tho prisoner guilty or not guilty of stealing. The foreman said there was no evidence to stow be imd stoles the goods. His Honor then sent them back again to reconsider the matter. After being absent for If hours, they returned and said there was no likelihood of their agreeing. His Honor said they muBt go and discuss the matter a few hours longer. After being locked up for altogether about six hours they were unable to agree, and were discharged. The prisoner was admitted to hail on his own recognisance to appear when wanted. BURGLARY - Frederick Gange pleaded not guilty to having, on the 14th of August, broken into the house of Thomas Collins, of Drysdale, with intent to commit a felony. The evidence was clear against the pri- soner, who was caught coming out of the pantry. In his defence, he stated that, on the 13th, he was drinking at Mr Collins, and in the morning, it being very cold, he found himself in Mr Collins' back yard. Seeing a fire in the kitchen, he went in there to warm himself. His Honor said the simple question the jury had to decide upon was the man's intention. Was it an honest one, or was it not? If they con- sidered him to have been actuated by dis- honest purposes, there was ample evidence to show that he was on the premises, and had broken open a door. The jury re- turned a verdict of "not guilty," and the prisoner was discharged. THE QUEEN'S GARDENS' SHEEP-STEALING CASE.-John Searle and Jame3 Thomas sur rendered to their bail and pleaded not guilty to having, on tho 7th July, stolen a sheep from the Queen's Gardens, the'property of Duncan M'Kenzie. They were defended by Mr Molesworth, instructed by Mr Price, at whose request all witnesses were ordered out of court. Eliza West gave evidence to the effect that, on- the 7fch July, she was driving some sheep off the common into the Queen's Gardens, when she saw a sheepskin in a gully, and Thomas some distance away. John West said he met the prisoner Thomas, and asked him if a sheep had been worried. He said-" No, it has been skinned, and I would advise you not to go near it." Saw blood on Thomas' trousers; the skin was near a fence along which many could pass. Duncan M'Kenzie identified the skin produced as that of one of his sheep, which had been placed by him in the Queen's Gardens, of which the prisoner Searle was the custodian, and Thomas lived with him. Searle gave him information about the sheep being killed, and showed him where the skin was. Sergeant Toohey was with him, and made the two prisoners take off their boots. These corresponded with the tracks on the ground near the skin. In answer to Mr 'Molesworth, he stated that there were many other people near the spot, but it was only tho prisonsrs boots that were measured, his (witness',) boots were not measured, nor were Sergeant Toohey's. Found a small piece o£ neck of mutton in Searle's house, not enough for a man's breakfast. [Considerable merriment was caused by Mr Molesworth asking that the piece of mutton might be produced. It was searched for in a sack which contained the boots belonging to the prisoners, but could not be fonnd, and Mr Molesworth suggested that it must be in one of the boots, or that Sergeant Toohey must have eaten it for his breakfast.] James Shell drake and James Tolhuret, in-the employ of .Mr M'Kenzie, said the prisoner was in the habit of dealing at Mr M'Keuzie's shop, but did not getting any mutton there on the 6th July. Sergeant Toohey corroborated Mr M'Kenzie's evidence respecting the measurement of tho footmarks, etc. He asked Thomas how he knew the sheep was killed. He said first that West had told him, and then that West's girl had Baid so. Saw blood and clay on his trousers. Asked him how the blood came there. He said "I dont know, it must be from the.heel of my boot." Afterwards he said-" It must have come there when I was killing that pig for Cameron." Searle said he had got the bit of neck of mutton from M'Kenzie's on the previous day. Cross-examined by Mr Molesworth.-Had not eaten the mut ton, but had brought a bit of it in his pocket. [The witness here pulled a neatly folded parcel out of his pocket, and pro duced, amidst laughter, a piece of mouldy meat about as big as a half- crown piece.j This meat, he distinctly Bwore.'he had not taken from a ferret. Constable Killan gave corroborative evidence. In answer to Mr Molesworth he said he did not wear a crooked boot if he could help it, he always wore them nice and straight as he had a nice foot. He was not allowed any more by Government for having such good taste. Mr Molesworth urged there was not a bare case to go to the juiy. His Honor replied if there was a ghost of a case it must go to the jury. Mr Molesworth said there was only " a ghost of a grim scrag of mutton," and proceeded to aadress the jury, and ridiculed tho whole case from begining to end. The evidence, he said, was only cir cumstantial and that of the lightest,possible kind. It had not been proved the footmarks were made by the prisoners and if they were it was not surprising as it had been shown they were engaged about the place. Again it was absurd to suppose if they had killed the sheep that one of them would have gone to give information about the matter. His Honor summed'up, and the jury at once returned a verdict of not guilty. 