CONOCERT. AT 'THE TOWN HALL. A grand vocal and instrumontal concert was ivaen by) the members of Mr' G. Chapmnin's Band, assisted. by alocal gentleman amateur, in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. The numnerous attractions elsewhere., prvented a large attendance, .. and the hall was not more thtin half filled. ' Thoe concert having comn meencoed with' a'' selectidn 'of" English airs by the Band, MIr Hampshire, am local amateur, sang i in an . excellent , manner .the " Queen's Latter," which Was followed by a fine solo on the. cornopan. by Max Marotzic, with band nacompanhnint.; Mr ,Robins, a foreior resi dent of Launceston, then sang the comic song " Swet Jon'iny," anrd in reply to' ain ehcore gave "Unldoi 'the' Weeping ' Willow." 'The Band then having performed the " Adieu Valso," an exceedingly fine solo on the harp was given by Mr Gigney, and was deservedly encored. The first part of the Programme ended! with a comic sang, "The ,Nunawading., Band," by Mr Robins,' which' was vociforously encored.' Theo Band' then peoformed a silectioni from the' "Grand' Duchess," when M)r Hampshire appeared and sang the :" Death of Nelson;." : ho. solo,. "Caller Herrin," on the. cornet' by, Mr Richardson fol losved ;' when MIr Robins gave the comic d tty, "Where's my Dolly gone to " in clharactor,-~aid iri response to another encore impersonated in a very laughable manner "The Ghost'of lHamlet." After a humorous pit pourrie of English melodies by the. Band, Mr Chapman gave a solo on; the French flagoolot, which was one of the 'most admired pieces of the evening. The concert was .brought to. a close by a:: performance rarely excelled in Launceston: we .refer to the imitation of theo,bombardment of Paris on eight drums, by Signor Pietro danna, the renowned drummer 'i the Freni:st National Ouard. The incessant fire of inuskoetry, tihe sharp, jerky sound of the Fronth' imitraillouso; and the. booming of the cannpn in the distance, woere all accurately and distinctly given by Signor Canna on the various drums. ' After the concert a quadrille assembly was held 'and dancing' was kept up with vigor till the small hours of the morning. 