THE COMING .COMET. (Saturday Review) Nervous people, as it is credibly stated, bave been put.togreat, aRtliety bythe an nouncementu, which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astrono mer has discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight los ards us with amazing rapidity froam the remote abysses ofl pace, and yet liursaing its course wyitll as little tendency to'adeiiation as though it:were running upon rail,. Some friendly planat might by possibility put torth a helping hand, and twit.the approaching monster froma its course, as the hero. of a novel di verts the runaway steeud just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured as tronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such.comet comling; that, it it were comintg, it'wdild lie a very welcome visitor, and that we have already passed through a comet, and found it less ob noxious than a London log. The astrono mers mean Aivellj. but they arei terribly prosaic people. Tney ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood-for even astronomers have been bo3s--enatched a' tearful joy froum the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish i.) agination loves to people the dim burders of. its little world ? Would any ooe anillingly:givu up that de licious feeling' l suiperstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of early years, and hase all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no mare haunted than ai railroad station'? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The fiery monster plunging through the sky with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, andhad,..as it were,.a mathe matical hook put int its jaws, till his irn Iressiveness haoe departed froam him. We. know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the inlernal regions, antd of his declaration that the ,horns and hoots which terrified oar inlfancy kere untaistakable proolstof a gramminivorous nature. Even so the cornet has been lowered in popular esti mation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as -lyde Park ol tigers. Sir IW. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revirecoome of 'oa;u ancient elarmy, and to assure us that, seine time or other, the world could be smashl ed to atoms,.like a bursting shell,by a late as ioezorable a+ ihat whcich will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junc tion. Of course, his Ielliwr-philosophers found fault with soeine of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let, us,- howesr, for a brief period " dally sait?i'lalde siermise;" and endeavour to leturn to the simple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronouii' has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prolheci isncorrect. W\ithin a few weeks we shall be able, without the helpl of telescopes, to see the little clood, no bigger than a mail's hand, and fraught with umene more dreadlul than have ever belore affriglt,-d the huatf?fi?ea.- "IT will grow, slow ly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked visioa, till at loast the wholusky will be 'lit up with the fiery?portent. Night Isy night we shall watch its terrible growth, antd hl tore long it will be brilliant enough to outshine _the aun itself. The temperature will rise to he first tropical, and then hotter than an)thing that is en dured in tilhe hottest roese ot a Turkish bath. 'But theo time during which lwe shall be conscious oft 'ex. salve hbint will be brief indleed Tihe two large bodies, plunging toward eachl other at a jlace compared with ,which the speed ol a aiun non ball is 'ns i;lute reste will crashi into each other with, a hideous collision. It we happen to bae tIlced hi twevn two such antagonists we shall not lsave tilre evun for an ejreulatiofi. The pitt· raoes of in sects that crawls amonigt the little excrtes cences oil the earth's 'kill will be in,tan taneously di.usissed frioro xie tioce.O. |U the other. ride.ef thei wnrld we shalll, per haps, I:ave just one flahb 01 seatation.l ue shall seta the mountains, withlet ally metaphor, skipping I:ke rums, e ond be ourselve a sel nt einriug ihat snc ?leC?sjt a. the duet-to indulge i an an humill si il- is knocked off the unaler vi'e of a carpet lby tLheblis wsupon Its uilrper snrfitc?O. For an instait we shall hsne ai glilmpse ut the broken fragmenits of tile eartht -turvisg oilff, eeca oil its n w-carer,: to whirl througjil lithe , itersn, eac hearing with it-sb we shell r-meishi r oas the hWith of a l'reident of time Bri i-h A'sticiation -?Olsue usinlit perms to hel plaiited," if thiy hate good luck, oas some distunt pIluilet, nad there tul hngin over agani that endless Ireca s?l evaolutiis which will isav come to so sunusiUry is coiieluslon here. Or, iti ae Ilease, w av tYu cInteimplate another alt. riative, and .splause, Itlat we ji ut tists the nilcliue O tu e t collles, but are wint,ced in his fiery toil, -which will turOn l C Ohi into lsteam, t i.,ipate thet iltlesral ice of tIh Ipoles, and singe the world into the liketies i on Amserican \rairie alts ra lire. Notlhiag:will be i it rot ut a t sutafie ft grey usher, gradually to be cotmarteld into mud es eth waters , gbil ,isoile, so anud dtscend uspon the tlepipulsuhttd planste. :Alael wo.ecaniet claiu thile luqluut.ce hich would be tiLCtetsur to du justice to such tremwedots catastrophes. Ililton,iwriting under tlle superintendence ol Dr Cumming, tm ight, possibly' be'e~ualto the task of ilescribing the coai plette and iristantaneous ruin. of a world ; but niature is tiot prodigal ; she only gives one such mind at a time. iWi have rentured to osugget ithd tiara outlice iof' i pidirel itilage'ary picture Sh:cll our ieuldrs mIust till up fr them ' lies, It. is rather 'curPioul to inquire what would be theu tate of our minds if" .uclt aecuta.trophe could really be predict ed. un scienlitici grouncd, and we were really to believe theomen ol ecienco. It ii in cesahry-to notice thldi luslnlcidition, tfr it is highly Irubable that we should re,.olulel, dechlne to blelive 'anything so uilltleinulr. T'here are limits to one'.L auitll even in mathelmatic, and we should inslist upon our prolphets prophesying sa,uoth thing?, ii tey hbud to twist i few laws ofl I.turt for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty, is our ouutued. If we were all really co?vinoc ihut lour o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the the next 12th oi Augusr, the whole human race and its dwelling-place wnuld be eutunurily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect upon our minds'? The tno-t untural suppnoition is perhaps that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out .o g-ar, and that we Ihould be reduced to the state of a city demturaulted by a plague. Persons pifstrong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeovor to awaker the conecietices of'thd sinners around therln; whbil thie sinners would become utterly reckleis, and woul..roneiomber that -thero. rwatio use in ketpinig a cellar ;i wine to be con suwed by a comet. Somo such tendency, would, of cource,; be sanifet,; but the quostion rumainsi htow far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vis.ine'itic !in our oldl groove. Alter a liltle time e.one would become more or less'accuStomed to the prospect. neo.would feel that,, it it was not'worth while ts undcrtuke ant thing new, neither teas it worth wbile to give up the old' euipluoy ments whichl have becuie.necessary parrs of our existence There re are innumerable aturie-, such ae thatofthe manu who inoisted oil taking his accustomued pill, n -hour beloro ihe icis hangeil; and; il We were all under sentence of execution--as, indeed, sermons are apt to reniitid us that we are, even without tile interveutiuon.ot-,a co, et -it is, Iperhstp, ri asonablit to sup pose we should act iui:the samrn-e ?irit.: T'he great bulk ut mankind .would was ay,, iwt's all very well; ee :stall nut iwant ;enytliitg more after te 12th fi'? Augur ; but. thuat is ob 'rciEon wiiy,we a?iouldint hive lour regular meals apd enjoy our nowspijpers at breaklainst. . ..'. 