TUESDAY, AUGUST 13. A licensing-meeting was held on Tuesday before the police- magistrate, Captain Rossi, and Messrs. Gibson and Sheppard. Mr. Gannon applied for a publican's license for Charles Lang for the Commercial Hotel, Taralga. Granted. Also for Christian Last for the Gold Diggers' Arms, Yass-road. An objection had been filed by the police that the applicant was a carrier on the road. Mr. Gannon argued that this was not a sufficient reason for refusing a license; that another publican had been absent from his house for three months at' a time and no notice taken of it by the police; and that as this was the only objection filed, it was not competent for the bench to entertain any other. He admitted that the applicant had been a carrier a but he now intended to stay at home. After some discussion, the bench held that they could go into evidence of other objections. Mr. Gannon then stated he should apply for an ad journment, and also a copy of the objections to enable him to be prepared to meet them. The bench decided to go on with the case. Christian Last deposed: The longest term I over was away was once in Sydney for a fortnight, and I have been away at Yass for six days; my wife kept the house during my absence, and I also have an old man there to mind the place; I have been more at home since I had a license than away; I am not going to carry on the road any more, and intend to remain at home, and am prepared to be responsible for the good conduct of the house. A. G. Finlay deposed: I live near applicant; he has been frequently absent from his house, I should any sometimes a fortnight at a stretch; his wife has i looked for the house during his absence; I have seen a good deal of loose conduct in the yard; I have complained to Last about it; I told Last I should object to his having a license if he applied; he has told me that he had no trade to keep on the house; I never saw any irregularity but the one I men tioned when Last was at home; I think Last a very sober, straightforward man. To Mr. Gannon: I am a magistrate; I have seen things going on in the house I did not like; I did not complain out of kindness to Last; Last was a tenant of a paddock from me when I saw those irre gularities; he is not now; he asked me to take it off his hands, and I have got a higher rent; the house has been conducted better lately; I have had more reason to complain when Last has been absent; I should rather prefer not to have a licensed house there, but it is sometimes a convenience. Mr. Cannon called Senior-Sergeant Fenton, who deposed: I have known Last for some time, and I never had him brought before the court except once for having his lamp out; I have had no complaints except those made by Last himself; I believe that some publicans have been away from their houses; I heard that one or more publicans had been away on a contract on the Braidwood road. The bench stated that the license would be granted with the understanding that the applicant remain at home. ST ANDREW'S CHURCH, GOULBURN. - The Rev James. B. Laughton of Parramatta, in compliance with a request of the presbytery of Goulburn, preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath lost. The rev. gentlemen took for his text in the morning 1 Peter v. 7-" Casting all your care upon God, for he careth for you." Alter the sermon Mr. Laughton intimated to the congregation the deliverance of the presbytery with reference to the painful circum stances mentioned in our report of the presbytery meeting in our issue of Saturday last. Mr. Laugh ton spoke in the following terms :--" Before bring ing the service to a conclusion this morning, my brethren, I have, by request of the presbytery of Goulburn, a painful but very necessary duty to per form. I believe it is not unknown to any of you that a very grievous calamity has befallen my dear friend and brother-your highly-esteemed pastor. The circumstances are such that they cannot be publicly detailed. It will be sufficient to say that the Rev. Adam Thomson and myself prepared a written statement of the circumstances founded upon our own personal observations and inquiries; and that we submitted that statement, with documents corroborating it, to the presbytery of Goulburn on Wednesday last, accompanied by such verbal expla nations as we thought necessary. Mr. Mackenzie himself also made a brief statement, and requested the presbytery, if satisfied of his innocence, to give such a deliverance as might enable him to resume hie ministerial duties without hindrance. Mr. Mackenzie having withdrawn, the presbytery, after de liberation, unanimously resolved to record their entire satis faction with Mr. Mackenzie's conduct in the very difficult and painful circumstances in which he had been place. The presbytery consider that the statement submitted by Messrs. Thompson and Laughton, with corroborative documents in cluded therein, places the whole case in such a light that they can have no hesitation in expressing their conviction that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from any charge or suspicion. The presbytery believe that nothing that has occurred ought injuriously to affect Mr. Mackenzie's position and ministerial usefulness; and they trust that he may be long spared to labour in his present sphere with increasing acceptance and success. The presbytery resolve to record their deep sympathy with Mr. Mackenzie in the severe trial with which he has been visited, and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation, praying that all his affliction may be sanctified to his growth in grace, and to the strengthening of his hands in the work of the Lord. Such is the deliverance of the presbytery, which, in obedience to their request, I have now read to you. As one of Mr. Mackenzie's oldest and most intimate friends, I may be permitted to add an expression of my own satisfaction that the presbytery has felt itself at liberty to give a deliverance which cannot fail to satisfy you, as his congregation, and the public generally, that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from the slightest shadow of suspicion. I need not say how deeply his brethren in the ministry have sympathized with him, and that our confidence in him has been strengthened by the Christian, manly courage which prompted him at once to take counsel with us and to afford every facility to full investi gation. I trust he may be spared for many years to labour amongst you, and that he may find in the in creased attachment of his flock, and in the tokens of success vouchsafed him by the Great Head of the church, a cordial for his sorely- wounded spirit. May 'the God of hope fill both you and him with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.'" The service was closed with praise, prayer, and benedic tion, in the usual form. SOUTHERN COPPER-MINING COMPANY (LIMITED.)- On Friday last, in pursuance of advertisements a general meeting of the shareholders of the company was held at Currawang, Mr. R. C. Joplin in the chair. The deed of settlement having been executed by those present, the following gentlemen were unanimously elected to the first office-bearers under that instru-. ment, viz :--Directors, J. B. Watt Esq. (Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co.), Alec. Stuart Esq. (Messrs R. Town and Co.), S. L.. Bensusan Esq. (Phoenix copper-mine), M. Alexander Esq. (late M.P. for Goulburn), and Eynon Deer Esq. (manager Phoenix copper-mine). Auditors, M. Fitzpatrick Esq., M.P. and Jas. Booth Esq. It having been decided to have the headquarters of the company in Sydney, Jas. E. Graham Esq., of Lyons' Buldings, George street, was appointed legal manager, and the Com mercial Bank bankers of the company. Messrs Joplin and Davies, of Goulburn, were continued in office as trustees. During the proceedings it was announced that the whole of the call, due on the 31st ultimo, had been promply paid and lodged in bank to the credit of the company. One hundred and sixty acres have been secured to the company and applica tions made for one hundred and forty more. Several rich lodes have been proved to exist, and it is be lieved they can be easily worked. Mining operations will be commonced immediately. PROTESTANT ALLIANCE FRIENDLY SOCIETY. - A large meeting of parties favourable to the above was held in the school-room, Clifford-street, on Monday evening, the object being to open a branch of the above society. Mr. James Pinkerton, acting as de legage from the grand lodge in Sydney, occupied the chair, and announced the object for which the meet ng was called. No less than fifty six members wore? admitted, out of which the following were installed as officers :--President, J. W. Goulden; vice-presi dent, B. Cutler; secretary, W. Shannon; treasurer, A. A. Kerr; trustees, W. Lansdown, George Shel lick, and Robert Falkner. A managing-committee of seven was also appointed, which will be repre sented by W. Ievers. Dr. Davidson was elected medical officer. Mr. Pinkerton addressed the meet ing at great length, referring to the benefits attend ing such a society, and also spoke in favourable terms of Mr. Gouldon as being the founder of the society in 1857. He also adverted to the progress achieved by many since its formation. Mr. Goulden in reply addressed the meeting, thanking the mem bers for the honor they had conferred upon him, and alluded to the necessity of such a society. Many other persons spoke in favorable terms. After the meeting refreshments were supplied in the shape of tea, &c.;, and a number of toasts proposed and re sponded to. The grand lodge has granted a dispen sation to Mr. Goulden to keep the initiation-fee, which is 5s., open for one month. He, however, will supply all necessary information relative to the subject. We are given to understand that twelve candidates give in their names yesterday to the president for admission next meeting- night, which will be duly announced by advertisement. INSOLVENCY.--Before the district commissioner, J. J. Allman Esq. A meeting in the estate of Edward Bedford, appointed for Monday, was, at thao. request of Mr. Canon on behalf of the insolvent, adjourned till Friday at eleven a.m. SNOW.--On getting up on Saturday morning the people of Goulburn were surprised to find the house tops and the ground covered with snow to the depth of about an inch. In the country the depth was greater. There was another but slight fall during the afternoon; and a third in the course of the night. GOULBURN SPRING RACES. - EXCURSION TICKETS.- -The commissoner for railways, at the solicitation of the members for Argyle and Goulburn, has agreed to the issue of excursion tickets at a single fare for the double journey from all stations to Goulburn on the 21st and 23rd September, available for return for a week. The proposal for the reduction in the charge for the conveyance of horses has been refused. THIODON'S WONDERS.--This entertainment has been repeated every evening since our last, with a day performance on Saturday for schools and fami lies, as will again be the case next Saturday. The favourable opinions expressed on a first visit are con firmed by a second; and the entertainment may well be pronounced one of the best worth a visit that hbas been exhibited in Goulburn for years. STAMP DUTY ON TRANSFERS OF MINERAL LEASES OF SHARES. - It may not probably be generally known that all transfers of mineral leases or shares are chargeable with ad valorem duty at the following rates, viz.:--When the purchase or consideration money therein or thereupon expressed shall not ex ceed £50, 5s.; where the same shall exceed £50 and not exceed £100, 10s.; and where the same shall ex ceed £100 and also for any fractional part of £100, 10s. The purchase-money or consideration shall be truly expressed and set forth in words in length in or upon every such transfer upon the penalty of £100 recoverable against all and every of the parties con cerned. A memorandum to the above effect has been issued by the government to all clerks of petty sessions and mining registrars. QUEANBEYAN WESLEYAN PARSONAGE. - At the small debts court on Tuesday week the trustees of Mrs. W. G. O'Neill sued Thomas Southwell and Thomas Harman as circuit stewards of the Wesleyan, church for the Queanbeyan circuit for the recovery of £7, tbe amount of a quarter's rent of premises held under lease as a residence for the minister. The defence was that the premises had been taken by Mr. John Gale, the late steward, and that if there were any liability it rested with him personally. It appeared that owing to the new minister being a single man the house was no longer required, and the defendants therefore refused to complete the agreement entered into by their predecessor in office, and repudiated all responsibility. The bench hold that the defendants were clearly liable, not only for the quarter for which they were sued, but for the remainder of the lease. Verdict, £7, with costs of court. Mr. Parr applied for six witnesses' expenses also. Although only two were called, the plaintiffs had been compelled by the extraordinary defence set up to be prepared with these witnesses to refute it. Witnesses' expenses were allowed. Mr. Southwell asked their worships to whom was he to look to re imburse him. Their worships: To your successors in office of course.--We understand, says the Age, from which we abridge the foregoing report, that before any action was taken in the above case a very reasonable offer was made on behalf of the plaintiffs in settlement of the claim and cancellation of the lease, which was rejected by the defendants, who re fused to entertain any proposal except coming from Mr. Gale; and that at the termination of the case, defendants sued for terms with plaintiffs' agent; and that easy terms were proposed by Mr. O'Neill and accepted, and the lease thereupon cancelled.] MUNICIPAL COMPLIMENTS.--A very edifying scene took place at the last meeting of the Echuca borough council. A discussion was proceeding as to the propriety of doing something to celebrate the establishment of telegraphic communication with Europe, when, according to the Riverina Herald, the following occurred :-Councillor Shackell said he would forfeit his seat if action were not taken by some public body. Councillor Taylor at this stage called Councillor Shackell an ass; and Councillor Shackell, after returning the compliment and the interchange waxing very warm, said that they wanted a better mayor to keep order, and re ferred more particularly to Councillor Taylor's state of inebriety. The Mayor said that if the council would instruct him he would, undoubtedly proceed against Councillor Taylor in the police court; that was the proper course to pursue, and he (the mayor)' had advised it before. Councillor Taylor: "I beg to move, Mr. Mayor, that you be entrusted to summon me to the police court." (Roars of laughter.) The Mayor: "There is no doubt about it, drunken men should not be allowed to sit at this table." Councillor Taylor: "Any one who says so states what is not true." The council than broke up. DIAMONDS AT BATHURST. - The Free Press says. -On Monday last a man named Creed came to our office and exhibited a very large and exceedingly well shaped diamond, which he stated had been found by him near Bullock Flat. He stated that he is working on alluvial on the Back Creek, where he has leased a quantity of ground for mining pur poses. He and his party have sunk a shaft to the depth of about eight feet, and when washing a pros pect from their first paddock-dirt, they came upon the precious gem, which Creed immediately brought into town. Those who profess to be judges say that the diamond is one of the very best water, is exceed ingly well-shaped, and will lose very little under the hands of the lapidary. Opinion varies as to its probable value; but all who see it are unanimous in expressing their conviction that it is a veritable "Koh-i-noor." Mr. Curtis, jeweller, placed it in the scales, and it weighs twelve carats and a half. Creed has deposited it in the Bank of New South Wales for safety, and those desirous of seeing it may do so on visiting that bank.--[A telegram to the Empire dated Thursday says:-Eleven more dia monds have been brought in, having been found near the spot where the big one was discovered the other day. Gold and tin also abound on the spot.] NEWCASTLE. - Thursday. - The Dandenong (s) has been placed in quarantine. She leaves for Syd ney at midnight. The second steward it said, is attacked with small-pox. The following is a later telegram from our correspondent':-The health officer declines to give any positive information, but I have ascertained from a reliable source that the case on board the Dandenong is only one of suspicion, and that the vessel will probably only be detained in quarantine one day.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. ALBURY.-Thursday.-A meeting has just been held at the courthouse. There were 600 present. The mayor was chairman, and the following reso lutions were carried unanimously:-" 1. That this meeting regrets that the police-magistrate should have sent a telegram to the hon. the colonial secre tary, containing statements so ill-considered, and based on information which could only have been obtained from untrustworthy sources. 2. That this meeting considers that an arrangement for free trade in colonial produce with Victoria will not be sufficient to meet the requirements of the district, and that the collection of the border duties under any circumstance is a great evil." Mr. Blackmore called for a division on this motion, but there was not one against it, the whole 600 moving to the side of the you.-- Telegram to S. M. Herald. HAY.-Thursday.-At the pastoral show hold to day, the champion prize for the beat ram was won by Mr. Gilbert, and the second price by Mr. McGaw, The champion prize for the bestews--the Hay cup-wass won by Mr, Gilbert, The Learmonth Cup was won by Mr. Simpson. A grand ball took place last night, and there was a dinner. The show was a great success.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. The Melbourne Argus says: - A singular but forcible illustration of the prejudicial if not destructive effect a national protective policy must have on the trade of a country blindly adopting that policy, has been lately furnished in the fact that several of the largest American sewing-machine manufacturers of New York have been compelled, in order to be able to supply their customers abroad free from the incubus of protective duties, to start manufactories, of these mechanics in Glasgow, from whence a good many shipments have already been received in Melbourne. Thus the anomaly is presented to us of American enterprise being compelled to seek the fostering influence of British free-trade to obtain the necessary scope for its development. IMPOUNDED AT SOUTH GUNDAGAI, on 30th July, from Gillingrove, sum due, set after each animal:- Bay horse, saddle-marked, JG near shoulder-18s 6d. To be sold 22nd August. - Also, on 3rd., August, from Gillingrove :-Grey horse, ER (con-' joined) near ribs, 1833 off shoulder, hobble chain on foot, shod all round-15s. To be sold 25th August. IMPOUNDED AT DENILIQUIN, on 1st August, from Black Clump selection; sum due, 8s. 3d. each: Brown horse, star and stripe, near fore foot and hip? feet white, saddle-marked, BC near shoulder brown or black mare, hollow back, off hind foot white; collar and saddle marked.Ty over JMD conjoined near shoulder. Notice sent to registered owner. To be sold 29th August. IMPOUNDED AT ELRINGTON, on 3rd August, ? Hawker estate; sum due,10s. each:-Grey. horse saddle-marked, RS near shoulder, aged, 15 hands, bay mare, star, blotched brand near shoulder, aged, 13 hands; bay filly foal, no brand visible; 12 months; roan horse, star, M, or ML conjoined near shoulder, 8 years; bay entire colt, white face, hind feet white, no brand visible, 2 years, brown mare, like FW near shoulder; bay yearling foal, no brand visible. To be sold 22nd August. 