THE MEMBER FOR THE MURRUMBIDGEE. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir, — We are all here at a loss to know what has soured the temper of our member, Mr, Macleay, that he should have forgotten himself so far as to have used such intemperate language as he is reported to have used in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, November 28th. The Irishmen of New South Wales cannot forget Mr. Macleay's manly expose' of the Kiama Ghost, when, as chairman of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into Mr. Parkes' hallucina tions about Fenians, he (Mr. Macleay) brought up a report showing that they were all fabrica tions and falsehoods got up for political purposes. But if Mr. Macleay has deserved the gratitude of every Irishman on that occasion, he has spoiled all by his intemperate language on the night above referred to. Why call Mr. Butler ' a very low type of cabbage-garden Fenian'? Every Irishman in New South Wales must feel the insult. Why, if to love a man's native country and to practice his religion be a ruark of Fenianism, every true Irishman and practical Catholic must be a Fenian according to Mr. Macleay ; this would be going farther than ever Mr. Parkes did, whose conduct Mr. Macleay so strongly and deservedly reprobated. Mr. Butler, I believe, had the high honour of being on the staff of the Nation newspaper in Dublin in 1848. He ought, as I am sure he does, feel an honour in having been associated with such men as C. G. Duffy, Davis, M'Gee, Meagher, &c;, having had a share in the merit of bringing out a periodical which was justly admired for its literary talent. Mr. Butler has the sanction of the electors of ' Argyle (and although there may not be so rich, there are as honest men in that county as Mr. Macleay) for joining Mr. Parkes in forming a ! Ministry. There was no alternative between ' this and falling back again on the Martin Minis- 1 try. Every one knew that Mr-. Forster's Minis try, if he attempted to form one, would not stand a month. Why, then, blame Mr. Butler for throwing himself in with Mr. Parkes to carry out measures for the public good on which they held the same opinion? All Mr. Macleay's friends — and he had many — not only on the Murrumbidgee, but in the whole Southern dis trict, are pained and grieved that he should have lost his temper' and alienated so many of them from him by his intemperate langnage. ! MURRUMBIDGEE. ? ^ 