THE RAILWAY GAUGE QUESTION IN VICTORIA. FROM THE MECHANICS' MAGAZINE. Those who have watched the professional journals for the last two or three years will have noticed the controversy which has been going on, respecting, the -proper gafuge for Juture" railways.; 'Our 'columns hliave occa ,at.nilly borne-witntess to the f tt that the ,lhattle, of. the, gaaiies nias been almob?t as Swarmly contented as it was five and tr'entv years since. The main distinction however is that the narrow gauge of the past has become the broad gauge of the present ; and that the acumen of certain sensible and prectical engineers has fixed the narrow gauge of the future at three feet, or there- abouts. Now, as we have repeatedly shown in detail the manifold advantages of railways constructed on such a gauge, we need not here stay to elaborate-the subject. It will be quite sufficient to recall to mind how we have shown that by this means we obtain economy in cost and maintenance with greatly increased dividends, by reason of the enormous, decrease in the dead, and therefore unproductive, weight of rolling stock hauled over the line. These facts have long been familiar to engineers in the colonies, and they have over and over again, endeavoured to argue them down. But in- asmuch as to argue does not always mean to reason, it has, not unnaturally resulted that they have never once succeeded in controverting the position of the narrow. gause advocates, except by mis-statemtnent or willful perversion. It is now high time that these little irregularities and incon- sistencles-not to: .use. stronger terms at ie.sert-should hbe .pointed .oat, ,ind the ioibles of. the biroad gauge advocates exposed inssmituchi as the colony of Victoria is on. the eqe of inaugurat.lnsome iralway extensions in ww,hidiit:is sought to perpetuate the gauge of .5ft.3ih., upon which her existing .lines ar e qenstructed. Although. the proposed extensions are not at present very great, it is; of the first importance that they should be construited.uuon sournd paying principles; for.it.is not.tlhe. 200. miles or. so tobe con-. structed i Victoria: that we have. to.c.0on. iider, so much as, the tliousands of miles which must ultimately gbo? o.ut:.of, them by reason pf the vast expnansion. of' he railway. s stenm wli ch'Ausi ali is.destined to realise, ini the course of a few .years., In order to, place the present position, of. mtffai.s cleaily.behlre our mrelders, itis;neces-. saryh'i tIi w glance art. thelIater phiases ofr tle,guage quesioin iniAutralia.. .In doiig this weshall iefer, tcistatements and ,opinions. whiich have been a ivaricedi wi con'summate inipudence ;and with a certain show of plausibility by, til, wv,,uld-be ,peri;etratois of a costly, error?. Irhese we shall unalyse, and shll' expose ,tha moistrous` fillaimes .and utter .abstilitieas thierin. prnpa:gted in tLhe namoe of'.the, profession-but which'.in time. nam'.of the profession-we ri'pudiite,. well kpiog,v ;n tidat all the mtmbers of' the pro. fesin o'no anie really, worthy. ofhbemini so claisse, will coincide with. ouri vieiws up5on thel qgestion. Desiious of nccquarinting themn selves withrexistminf railway practice ii all its details iu Eidope an i.l 4m?ercea, the Comi missoiners of. Railways in Mlelbourne in 1$0. instructed. Ml W. Elsdon, ti proceed to l dr and the coitinent, tand aftervwards to thq United States, to visit- and inspect the railways of tholc countrims andd to report on their modes of construtction, equipment, ands general manigement.. lThe object was leiiinate and 'the' end most litdiable, as the 'coinsionersi des'ired tihe imfoormation for 'U 'iid inc in deliberating i1on the' theI' uture raiilwiihs of thdecolny: A splen did oppmituity. offered for the production oif on of tile most valualle ireports ever made upoi tle.sutijeet, :forr ` ls dn hid "time and?l'fa'nds 'att his disposi?l, and in fidt ?vas afforded every facility fom the woik. But, hiapp:' is the ia?ti leth Governmerint tliatexpiedteth nothidc ,for lihe slill iot ?e d is?pifi. 'tei After travelli?ng 'sdome' 0000 mileI, Irr Eldon returns wtt h seven and, a half pages oit' i teri i irgetype, which heb di? nfih's withlthe niiia of a remort, and 'ii bdiidle of npendmic es eonslestmsn of pamphlets ph'otogtaphs` anti ii ?l?m Es re atmg to rail wtas and ioohi'ng stock; Just such a collect tio ti might b. d by ai" en g?t i'ng 'ppil dna h'o liday trip mo pth' affer eiterin upq mhis aticles: norder thaY it m'ay'nt bbe thouglit t hat we i:ir il li.ke a.t'.we will give ag eneral lis.stf Wt?hs wortderfell1 Fisetul appilen.ice and leave time co'ilncti s tb b'ir rehldei', menly premiii ing, thit. i heys ere tindnded to illusti4ato the dd :' coiirs'i'mctiioni,? eqluirpment,' "nid( general mamnagement of the rtil'ays of IEurope and Amnemrica. : !l'ie; items are :- 'iinel p!amphlits:i described 'as ':relatingm t nark-m'onv gauge railways, sevew of hich:mfnve been::written bt y .Milm t; F nirlie·' E ,.. tlhe pioneer : nil? : "i hlnp .lin of ;nir?o? ninw ,.au'' l ' V'ide Me.,letinain M.ie ziioe to?, ryhi 8 . d, 1., and bepitemiliert2, 181' railwaysr and the remaining two h-aving .nothina Whatever ,to: do" with the, subject:; a number of time-tables relatingr tdo various lines; a number. of. lithographed drawings. of .Fairlie engines, and " rolling' stock;·r a photograph 'of. Kirupp's- worksi at.. Essen:; and a. number of .inventors' lithooraphed drawings and circulars., Beyond this there uire.two.letters by Mr .TFiginbotbamron Ari 'ralian railwa:ys-Mri Biddor's report :on the' change.of. gaugeon.thli - Lahiore nand Pessha-' war railway, and_-irl Hawkshaw 's rport'oni <'hance of. gauge in .India.: These ;go to innke.lip .the sum total" of -the 'repoi"t of Mr William "Elsdon-, Mare Insh.: O:E: .-and ýomethingnori..other in. connection' withflie Victorian railways. .-- . ', v. WVe, confess. to some. d"isippointnient in th!matterof . this eport;: for we hlad heeri led. tto.,expectt greater: tlings' than- these: flowever,-the law .of ompensation intervenes and we .are solaced .with- the arinusem'ent which many of the statements in4this barren report afford us.. On our way to the :gauge question, we find Mr Fairlie and :his system of engine receiving at the: repoi'ter's- hands the .hii best possible' compliment;o although the,writer unmistakably intended the ieverse: Says the gifted: MT:LC.E. :-'-The Fairlie engine as at present. construct ed -has miany serious defects,.. which must be -remedied before it can.compete with the ,ordinary hboie engine for genernl riaffi, ilthoiigh :it may perhaps he. used wit.7 advantage .on steep qgradients zoilh exceptionally s-sha'p curves," Itis.the first time in out life thatt 'we. ever heard ofaq engine that was nufit foi ordnatiry wok .being suitable under conditions- of the heaviest and most, dfficult traffic. Butb as in the latter.portion of.the :sentence,: which we. have italicised; MrT. Elsdout speaks the truth, we can .afford. to- pardon him for: the stigma ie .intended; to.convey in the..foimene portion of his senseless remark.: T'his, how ever, -will give an, idea 'of. , the 'inverted method', of reasoning. indulged' in. by: ,the. reporter, throughout the seven. and. a ha:lf pages of ..matter. which hoe has travelled 7,0,000. m'iles-?0,000 ,miles, per :pa-ge=to !resent,, to ,.his, .Government..- ,We wonder what they thoiohgt it?, . ,i :; l? Turning? to. Mr" Elsdon'sa ideas upon the gauge question, we find -that. ;gentleman sapiently. ,advoating the, :present " naiirow gaugee of .Enolish lines 4. feet.,8, inches- and this. whhen e. standard gauge :of the colony is only 5- feet 3,inchles. _By.-what process of reesoning--if: a!y-.Mr. Els Ion i'ri.ves at this conclusion, awe are unable to say; nor is it clear wlheihe, lhe proposes thbiR compromiae between the present gag'e pof he .col0ny anid rhe proiposedi narrower 'gaui e to' be used for future extensions only,v. or intends it to be: applied to existing lines. If the formnr. lie overthrows the .argunments he had pirevionely ?irfranced against break of gauge; and 'if the latter, hie ofco'rise implihes the a!bandonment of the lpresent. rlling stocl i throughout;the colony. •PThe- only -ghost of an anrnnlment advamncedi.by iiMr Elsdun'i s thin a 4ft 84in ganuge '' gives ample stability fir' the 'iust .poweful .las ,of engiles in Ilse," ai d tht t' rolling s:6ck, 7. feet., G,inches. wide can be employed." But there is no great virtue .in' this, 'minasmuch' as rolling stock of this width t nni be empnlopyed on much nariower gaiues: than that proposed by: Mr Elsdlon; 'vhailst" ng'ines of;'qny power' can be placed on gau?ges of ainy 'wdth ifirbiia 3 feet npiwairds ' I n' short, all Mi? Elsdfon's reasonis.and adigum'ents ''an-ili's a 'niarmowel natvuge, and in support of a 4ft.8i',i. ngauge, iae so ancient' and, have :ben' lb'tt' since? worn so fiireadbaiire, that we-woride, lie had the ',moali 'courae' to disenitomlib theni'; for the: advance-merit and enlighieriment bf thL? Victiirian Public. -'iBtit the Victorian piiblic6 should? know with awliomo-rinadmwhit. theby .have: to 'deal and if they cannot : e rightly informed fromi within ' it' shall not beB'ou fauilt if they are not enlighteed' 'fioim without.' We liave'' mentioned that tihe' lucubrations of Mr Higinbtiot'i 'Engi'iiere in-chief of the Railway Department Mel- bourne, illuminate Mr Eisdon's appendices. Mr. Higinbotham bfopposes th'e nridrrowv gauge systemnas involvingthe evils of:it'eaik of g'aunge and he idivocates a lihht' systein .on the :stanidard gatiine 'of ' the: 'colony, Really lthis 1i n'o?i ne ;whiti mioiesapie t than i Mr':Elsdn~i n' ,??oposied 6 inihes difference of'igaugeftor itf mufst at.oIce occir .to tilie le;ist :eflectiof mfilid tfhatI it' would .be abisudisd tdo t' ititjhe lt;esefnt ielivy Victorian Railways' rolling stock on the -hlitiestouss'bg -vorks,'s as' pr'oposehd by .Mru Hlmgmibobth am,'.Wer this" s r'estion caeridd,; our 'it wvoild' ivolve 'a' sacrifice 'Of inaterisle ',liicli they assert' hias cst ti' clony rcome £80 00,000. In spite of'; till Mi' fignbotiham: haIl 'ilvarinced, i: stritmHi 'uiild alike in rasoi aind in' ifuihta both ia in fiist cost (,f co'lstrcdtiobl,, ,iif iii subsqujient dcost d worl;liing 'ldhiidln:ominten llmie, narrow' gaiig' lines re ti ponun all Ioi'i tire most shistible for the cdoylo f nytVic toiia, as webha 'shown overl?ihnmd ove jira ig I~ ' ...' SWe 'have referred to the' desire-of ,thi Colonial.-Railway Commissioners to possess themselves of every. possible infiimnation relating to railways. '- This .desire originiated from a wish..to..avoid,a._repetition of t?l extravagaice. ani.iiicompetence which, char aicte:ise the Victorian railways. .T e .cllnt. posseseses.2?4 miles-ofline, constructed.,o. a 5ft ,3i .gaiuse,nd 'at ia .total averagi ost. of, £36,470i:. per. mile. .B.y..the- -end .of 1865, upwards.of two.millions and a qu?irte. of.money had. been exple.ndled.in constr.uctiug .lines tor. carryingthre .light :traflic,; whereas one.-fifth -of the. sum would have been cpn -ilieredexcessive anywhere else. ;i'he Comrn missionej;s,.however, hove. -.wisely considered tJhe ma:tter over, and. have..decided thafti-.t - the future, no.more. than .£5000, per. mile shall e.6 expended.,, upon 'extension lines, whilst for the rest, they counsel the Govern- ment to abstain from any change of gauge at present. The first recommendation is in ifselfl.. reasonable, but. the second.is. futile, and must teadto keep back railway develope, mentin the.. colony if. acted,upon. It is to be. rpgretted ctht time .Comrmittee .did not. recoimne d .'anexperimental line on a, .raug say of ~ft. in.,.for.. they .must lie well aware of the, "ighly effcietpt . oworklng of existing railways on this, and even narrower gauges. Bitt tte,. ,Contisionez'si,are,.doubtless per-. pettually. e;tt?vi.gged ythe broad. gaage.ad-, vacates by whom, theyire- surrounded, and. to. whom the traditions and superstitions of. the,, colony cause them to give .heed.. ..But after all, 'vhat:. atethe ia:agurments. used .by: these colonial bogies? .T'hey. assert that £000 per mile is all. the difference .between, 'he cost.ofa 3.ft. 6in. gauge .line..and. one. of.5ft. Bin, : W.ell,,it. mgh";i .be.less .if they li?d to construct it; butr it. ,would be. more a ith any unbiassed :and du'lly qualified..en gineer:over the.workls.'.. Then they .give the cost of the, rollingnstock on the, 6254 miles. of railway,., now open, p5s £800,000; or. more .than ,3200.per ,mile. This is; simply.. monstious, : as. those who..kon iw .anything,' about stock will' at once see;. the, real. value being only between 400;000. and £500,000.. But the object.is, isvery. transparent,. and we. hope the colonists. ,re,: tijs "haive. seeno' well. trouhit. t, 'lhe bogies .atr.,only, tryingu to. f'ri-hten ?gnorant people.into. the idea that a terrible, hiss.. will...arise ftom lthis, stock .if 3ft 6;niliies are made. ..'lhe,answer. is very simple.. Iet the prIesnt stOck. be, used .ou the,.25. , miles of trailway..until it.. is.vorked. out. It;is, however, afii:med, that the great quantity of stock has lieeh obitained withl a view.to working new. lines on the full, iauae.. But, it iif te. ne lines .are..to be constrtiucted as- recomniended. :vseyy ligiht, then tlhey mustit rbestockleti, as the present heavy, stock .would . require a ..correspojndingly? lieav rob d oii which to ran. The quaestioi of tihe employment:: of the: present stock on the extensions is':therefore as -mruch settledl a~ if there was a complete breiak eof' :ihg: As for: a break of g'auge, -iht woulidhe atterifed with far less evils thaln iany such compromise ..as this,:.:. as: has been" co'n-i vinnciei.y proved over and 'over aai.'T?e libiesin ;Victoria have cost; as.we have stated £x36,000 pei mile, imwhich i? simply" monstrous The; deficit; on ,.this, cost hias already :amounted..in the gross: to 'nearly tlhi'ee' m'illions, or"equal.to about £19,000. ptr mile, of line-a"sum nearly 'sufti?ient :to' construct two and' a hliilf miles oft nairow gauge road, uarpable.of as.much duty as the best o:f: the ..present colonial lines. : The annual -deficit on the 254 miles is no less than £.lOo,000.-a. precious burden to be tlifowni indi li'th shioulfers if the colbnists ! But we trust they will see the necessity of oprposinf stieii'i'dusly Rinjiyschieme' 'fo tie' increase of this, burden', ''they will' by this tiine liiv 'had''their eyes wvell opn'eld, aind it will be :their own fimilt if,'they do not resist' tothe'tiutmost'any motion that may ihvolve thle i'1olotny ir' furtlieit :railway' difficuilies.: 'They fh'bild remember thit 'in subm'imtting' to a broid gaui?e niow, they ate not only doing' so wiitli regard'it the preseit'exte. siQn's of 2?0 miles, but ttiat: it will affeict the m'tny thousn'id nmil's of lines i'iit thive 'yet to?be meide'thiroiinghoiitAuistralia 'Iii sanctioning the nario u giiauge, the colonists :?ill be beuiieathin` o to'their plosteity? the noblest leaticy oiigeneration cian 'posibly leave to another. ======== The Hon. C. J. Janner, M.L.C., has consented to represent the Government in the Upper House, in the place of the Hon. W. A. C. A.'Beckett. 