THE INTERNATIONAL -BOAT EACE, , This long lookedrf or event earns off-on- Juno.10 amidst., an immenso nunibei' of spectators.' Tlio interest created by tho contest has scarcoly boon exceeded by tho matches of the -University -.prows, as every avail-, ablo spot on tho river whero n sight coultl ho obtained, was occupied from vnn oariy hour of tho day. ;' Tim Londoners got afloat in tlieir Clnspcr at ton minutes past six, and tho Atalantas following, suit somo' ton or twelve minutes later, .anil, both prows paddlod nt once, ilowu to their stations, ainidA burst of olioorihg from' tho steamboats and tho hanks. Tho London , mon, having won tliolbss 1 for choico ' of : stations, soicctoil' tho Middlesex berth, Which under ordinary circum stances is decidedly tho'-morb'; favoui'cible of tho two", ; tho insiilo boat having tho benefit of tho bond all tho way down to tho railway bridgo ; but 011 Monday ;tliis. advautago was in somo degree counterbalanced by the wiuil, which Mow pi'btty smartly frbin W.S.'W. 1 Tho namos, and weights of. tlio -rival crows wero as; nndor : — LONDON BOWING CLUB. ''' ' ' ' " " '' t,. i 1\. John B. Olo'so " .. " '.. IT 8' 2\. F. S. Gulston 11 9 3\. A. do L. Long 12 3 W. Stout (slrolio) . . . . . . 11 13 ATALANTA'BOAT CLUB. " 1 » J. EqSmitM /"i;.. ./ ; '.\'£ ;9; 13 r 2\. A. Handy" "10"" 0"" 8\. T. Van Bndon . . . . , . 10 13J Bussoll Withors (stroke) . . . . 11 3 Tlie hotting nt tlio /start was riominally'quotod at 3. to 1 on tlio Londopors. but tho supporters of tlie Ame-; ricans Wero, ns a riilo, oliary of invostiiig ovon at'tliis figuro ; indeed, in town during tho morning 4 to 1 was the ehtrbut qudintion; nud jiiBt 'before iloaving for' . Pntndy . iari > offer :' of.- . 5 to 1 / failed; to elicit a 1 .single, i responso. In accordance with previous arrangement, tho crows woro started by report of pistol, instead of word of mouth, and cUroeUy tho . competitors had taken up tlioir allotted positions', Mr.- Lesley, tho- re-', toroo, having put the customary " previous quostiou " without reeoiving any answor, gavo .tho signal to go at twouty-oiglit minutes past six. //Both -crews ; caught;- tho wntor at tho Bftmo moment," but at' tho second' slrolio tho Loudonors, sottling down tp tlio work with a rapidity that soothed lit'etally to oleotrify1 tho' spec- ' tatora, shot at onco to tho foro, andooming right away, as though tho others wers standing still, drew thomsolves oloar in loss than a dozou strokes. Just bolow tho Ship tho loaders bognn to odgo out into mid-stroam, nud , took their opponots' water, _ both crows making d oonsidornhlo dotmiriritho dirbction of tlio Surrey shore, bnt off tlio Browory tho Londoners, whom wo timed at this point to ho rowing forty strokes a minnto! to tlioir opponents' forty-four,1 straightened their boat and returned to tlioir propor course with a load,. of . a clpnr .length- At Barium Railway- bridge, . fwlitoii ; was ' renohod in 8 minutes 18 se conds from tho start, London had increased tlioir advautago to nearly throe/ lengths, and sottling down into a long Btoady drag of botweou tliirty-six and tliirty-soyou to tlio ''iriinu(o, - continued to leavo tho Amorionus liaiid-ovor-liand .111 uninistakablo stylo. Off tlio Bull's Head a bit of orralio slooring 011 tho part' of tho londers onnbled tlio othors 'to hold tlioir own for the noxt hundred, yards,' but at.tlio Greek. tho London orow, notwitbstiiiiding tho disparity of strolto, woro lighiil poi'ccplibiy drawing away, ' and off the Bnthing-pluoo iu tno Duke's Meadowri led by at lenst half-a-dozon longllis. Iloro thb sovority of tlio pnbo hegnn to lull the inevitable talo upon tho Atalauta orow, oiio or two of whom lit this onvly slago of tho strugglo — if, indeed,, it dosorvo tlio namo — began to ovinoo unmistiikcnbio symptoms of ilistrcss, and . tlioir rowing lost iill trueo of tlio' mtichliio-lilio precision nnd regu larity which lind characterised it during tlie oarly part of tlio raeo ; in fact, tlioro is little doubt that tlio' moil wero completely taken aback and demoralised by tlio nstouuding:rapidi6y. with - which' thb Londoners lind loft them at tlio start. I'lioy, novortlibloss, strugglod on in tho gnmcst jiossiblo manner, and though palpably beaten anil falling all to piocos ovory inomont, main tained tlieir forty to tho minnto with unflinching dotoriiiinatibu ; ' but it was loll -in vain, ns'tlio Lon doners, who wero now rowing oasily within themselves, continued stoailily'to improve llioiv position as thoy progressed, anil at tho upper end of Chiswick Eyot thoy woro fully ton lengths to tlio good. Rounding tho bond thoy continued 1o draw still furthor in front with ovory Btroko, Gulston taking them a capitnl course — indocd, they ooultl not liavo been bottor stoorcd. if thoy hail cfti'i'iod'a coxswain in . tlioir stern shoots ; nnd at TInmmorsmilh Bridgo lod, lis nearly as wo could judge, by a dozen lengths, tlio difforonop botweou thojayo, bonis ns thoy shot the centre spnii hoing oxnctly 80 socouds, and 1I10 time of tho leudurs from tlio start 12 luinutos 28 seconds. All now was cloiirly ovor, bni' ncoidont ; but ns bad Inclc would havo it, nt this sngo of tlio raeo amislinp did notunlly oopur; which of ilsolf ' was Huflicionlly aggravating, thougli linppily it did not in any way affect . (lib result.' Midw'ay botweou tho bridgo anil ami tlio soapworks a heavy watonnan's skiff, with a cargo of ,i\uffprs on board, drove broadsido 011 against tho bow oars of tho Amorican bont, complotoly stopping tlioni for a Becond or jtvyo., andloosing thpin at lenst a couplo of lengths. It was' ni inos't provoking cmiirotemps, andiluid- it occurroil at an earlior period of jlio raeo .wppld-hayo boon' cxccssivoly annoying; lmt,' its it liapponed,1 tho Amoricans woro at tlio timo suelia "hOpoloss distanco astern that tlio most bigoted partisan rio'uld'not possibly regard- tlid misliitp as shaving intei'.." i fot'o'd ovon -in tho remotest, degree with- thoii'.ohniiooiof. .wiuiiing. .. On getting clear thoy wont in; pursuit of tho . : Londoners, but the latter woro now isomo fourteen or : fifteon. longtliB. iu front,, and ultiniataly,> passed; the ' wiuningipost; .wMohiivas; situatcilfiuidway botweou ..steamboat pior and tho Aqueduct, somo two hundred ' juul.fifty yards— or exactly, fprty-fonr seconds — in ad- "vanbo.bf tho AtolantaS'— lli'd ' timo from start to finish "hoing 21 minutes O seeijiids.. ' Tlio reoortl of tlid iiioe .furnislibBits own comment ary — and furthor remarks are needless. Tho Amori- caus , - wore" palpably outclassed anil outpaced, anil from Btiii't to finish novor stood the ghost of a chnnoo, liot- ': withstanding' that thoy' rowed a "considerably -quicker styolio thi'ouglioub In such compaiiy, liowovor, do- fbtirohtans no disgrnbe, for'it /was tlioii'/ill luok to have to' enopuhtor , 0110 of tho host; and fastest fours oyer seen" 011 tho Thames, anil 0110 which wo fanoy 'will give A'gooiV fioooiuit of 'thovBUjartost professional brow of modbrn tiinos.' ' ' ' ' rs Tlio chief. interest of tho above raeo lias littlo 0011- !ooi'ii witli tlio -result. By rowing men of any luiow- lodgp or oxporionco .that was known long ngo. Novor fioforo iii tlio ari'nals of boating has a orow gone to tho starting post with stronger agsuranco of success than bofongod to tho London Four. In tlioir stylo auil ' libwor.' of. endurance,' ' tho art and. ;systbm' /of' rowing found fthnpst fnultloss oxprossion. Tlioir opponents woro ininu earlior stiigo of ilevolopmont.; :Tlioy iablie'd." sound ltnowlodgo of tlie art; nnd hail uot inado it srif-. fioiont mattor of study to know. thorougMy; all its iro-,. '.sources. < Tliis is tlio simplo anil . only liossihlo oxpln- . nation of tlioir failure. There is uo need to sook a solution of a reasonable result in vagno, talk, about differences of national chnrnctcr. But tliero is .one - point Connected with;tho race, indicating .a provious differcnoo of motlioil botweou tlio rowing mon of tlio . two countrios,. which is . well worth attention. This contest in som'o sense' bppris a how era in English row ing. Hithorto it has boon ..held .that .the additional weight of a coxswain was fnllv counterbalanced . by his usefulness in the hont. Tho Aiuoiicnns havo liolu ft difforout viow, and tho iutroductiou of tho Amorionn system is likely to strongly modify our previous notion. Besides tlio orodit of having rowed' ii gallant rape,' tlio : Alalanta orow dosorvo tlio thanlts'of -English rowing 111011 for having taught them tho advantage of a now system." AVhotliori oiij ;nitiTpw .rivors rowing without ooxswftins will become univorsal, is a doubtful ques tion, but iniproyciVcontviviincos may do rnuoh towards utilising still fn'vtlior tho1 Amorican idoa. So far as tlio raeo had any national signiticanco, it is anothor victory for. England, but tho patriotio feoling was not aroused until quito lato, and tho Atalauta orow uoed not fool- any vory heavy rosnousibilitv in thus liavinc allowed tlioir' nation to bo dofoatod.— -Home News. 