PAEBAMATTA. TFRnM' fnTT? nnBPWipnwnwWT 1 May 29. Borough CofSCtt.— Present : His worship tlie mayor (Hugh Taylor. Esq., M.L.A.), and Aldermen Parker, Dixon, J. Taylor, Pyc, Mason, and Coatej. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read and received frum the Ins; . ctor-Goneral of Police, suggesting that unninr.cpi'n-iiinf. C/illv In* nnnnintpfl instwv.for nf nmsanws at n salary of £15 per annum ; and constable Michael O'Connor assistant inspector of nuisances at a salary of £10 per annum. On tlie motion of the mayor, seconded by Alderman Pye, the aliove suggestion was adopted. Letters were read from different jieople giving notice that they were erecting fencing on their propertv, and requesting the council Ut fix tlie priijier alignment. On the motion of the mayor, seconded bv Alderman Parker, the letters were received. AMcrman liason moved, and Alderman J. Taylor seconded— That tlie council-clerk write to the churchwardens of 8t, John's to ascertain tlie probable cost of keeping the church clock iu order till Fe!-ruary next, reckoning from the time the £20 formerly voted by this council was exhausted. Carried. After some unimportant business the council adjourned. Thk Commercial Bask.— It is intended almost imme diately to crcct a lirst-class banking-house for this company in the most central port of the town, the present building not iKingconim 'lions enough for the increasing business of this bank. CosoiiEOATioxAi..— On Wednesday morning last the nnioa of the Concrcmt'onal Church met in the new building, about ; thirty ministers lieing present. The chairman, the Rev. G. Q. Uoiidcn, opened the proppedings bv giving out the 831st hvmn , ajid calling uiwu the Hcv. W. Bradley to offer prayer, l'hc chairman then addressed tile meeting on 'our need of ministers,' and was followed by an animated discussion as to the best mode of giving practical effect to the chairman's «ug VoLUXTrJEtts.— The volunteers were put through a variety ofexerciscs iu skirmishing, drill, and volley firing, last week, by Btaff-Bcrgeant Stokes, and performed their various duties very satisfactorily and creditably. Political.— Mr. James S. Farnell was yesterday proi»scd by Mr. Hugh Fairclongh, and seconded by Mr. William Ooodin, and there being no opjwsition, he was declared duly elected. The proceedings were particularly quiet and orderly, not more tlian 100 jiersons being present. Remaekable Kind op Cobn. — We Lave been shown by Mr. Robert Jacob, of Glcnarvon, a sample of n curious kind of maize, of which he husfrom one to two hundred cobs. The corn is of a yellow colour, ?with moderate-sized grains: but the peculiarity con sists in the fact that the cobs are not single. Instead of that, two or three, as the case may be, are joined ?together nt the base, like the fingers of a man's hand, or. where one cob is shorter than the other, like a finger and a thumb. The specimens may be seen fora while at the office. — MaitUind Mercury. A Ghost Stoey. — As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying 'Hie, hie.' Young Donohoe stopped the coach, turned the lamps, round, cooeyed, looked abont for half-an- honr but could Bee nothing. This would not havejbeen noticed but for the fact that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the Point some twenty years ago ; and oar informant , states that Mr. Peter Halbish, the former mail contrac tor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to ! his coach wheels ; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time saw the figure of a man, which he hailed, but the phantom retreated to wards the river and disappeared. — Hay Standard 