Mog? from tkt §us&. BY GEOFFBY CRABTHORN. Didn't I tell yon so? It is trne I never expected that my pleonastic Parliament would be so ready to endorse their Geofiry's predication touch ing their procrastinating proclivities, bat it is plain that their respect for my opinion of their powers was such that they felt bound to act accordingly. Else why, when the Commissioner of Public Works came down to the House crammed as full of figures as the late Mr. Babbage's calculating machine, , and demonstrated with mathematical method ; and algebraic eloquence the pressing neces sities of our Main Roads, did the House so promptly postpone the Bill for a mouth? Clearly because they recognised their peculiar functions, and saw that two ends were to be gained by breaking off in the middle. End the first: a vindication of their new art of legislation by putting urgent questions on the shelf, as if, like new-made jam, they would settle themselves there. End the second : the delight of re-debating the ques tion a few days after without any incon- I venient degree of responsibility—as they , did under cover of Mr. Sogers' motion for an extra £50,000 for the roads, which was characteristically postponed likewise. I ob serve, by the way, that that sapient politician does not see why we should flinch from Tunning into debt for road mainte nance. I cordially agree with him. I sadly want the road made by my plaoe, and its turn will never come until the Road Board have unlimited means at their command. I con sider roads are to the oountry much what clothes are to the man. A coating of metal is to the one just what a coating of broad cloth is to the other. They keep up cir culation, they are constantly getting out of repair—in which case the adage anent a stitch in time applies equally to a stone—and they wear out with alarming rapidity. To complete the analogy it only needs Mr. Rogers' dictum that your Road BUI like your tailor's hill should never be settled. I oommend this axiom to the consideration of the House when the adjourned debate oomes on, and I am sure the good sense of members will recognise its force. Meantime, if these habits of postponing and redebating every question are to be kept up, the Parliament should get a suitable Executive to carry out the new policy, in which case I respectfully suggest the following amended titles:— 1\. The Chief Sectary—whose duty will he to " cut away" from every unpleasant topic. 2\. The Leisurer—who will of course keep the Assembly from doing anything practical. 3\. The Returner-General—who will lead the House back to redebate old questions. 4\. The Commissioner in Gown and Bands—who will be always preaching and never per forming. 5\. The Commissioner of Public Shirks and Manager of Snail-ways. Our District Schoolmaster, who is evi dently a believer in Dr. Darwin's theory of development, and who has apparently been reading Court Hope's quaintly- written " Paradise of Birds," aends me a letter upon the long-talked-of clock for your new Post Office, my Adelaidean Public. Whatever other endowments this gentleman may be blessed with, he certainly possesses a vivid imagination. He bids us look forward to the time when the gradual development of the new Post- Office, from the laying of the corner-stone by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, to the inauguration and winding-up of the new "clock by the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, shall he; a matter of colonial - history. He also• pictures a schoolroom of the future, where a worthy pedagogue is giving to a class of intelligent boys a metrical account of the interesting circumstances that occurred before the consummation of our hopes was reached. In the following extract theintelli-j -gent reader [I don't mean you, my Public] ~ will trace the influence of the Darwinian hypothesis:— The Development of the Post-Office Clock. . PEDAGOGUE. In that building obBcure, not ordained to endure, , which the folks the old Post-Office call There was much to -annoy a man, woman, or boy from its very inadequate Hall; "While at mail times therushing of those who oame crushing for stamps for their letters or papers. Of whom half wanted change, a; phenomenon strange, kept the . over-worked clerks cutting capers. j So jarred the old place, with its limited space, and Lewis tried bard to improve it. But at last the confusion induced the conclusion I that Government ought to remove it. | If you doubt what I state, just peruse the | . debate, where a thousand analogies hint; Siat members agreed tiie new. works should proceed, and jnthout auy piggardly stint, Ab the handing' progressed^ all the people con teased that, to add to its beauty and power, . It ought to aspire just a little bit higher—and this was the cause of the Tower., Now the Tower, getting -tired of thus being admired, up therein the sunshine and shower .Its leisure would mock, with the hopes «f a clock. i CBOBUB OF BOTE. I Oh most horologies! Tower 1 ' I PEDAGOGUE. Then that Tower let os call the most foolish of all, for without any shame or contrition, He gave to the place a ridiculous face, a four sided rank impositisn. CHORUS OF BOYS. A four-sided rank imposition. PEDAGOGUE. Yes, made but to mock, withtheface of a clock, but minus the usual hands, And endowed with no tongue to proclaim right ' or wrong the drifting away of life's sands; But the animadversion andfrequent insertion of letters addressed-to the Press, Quite opened the eyes of the Tower, so unwise _ as to get himself into this mess. And be saw in the distance the strife and resistance that must for a season take place, Ere the clock of his dream would be reigning supreme o'er the stupid ridiculous face. So suspense he endured tall at last he secured . the aid of an eminent man, Who on his behalf challenged censure and chaff, and got the clock p ut on the plan. Then straightway were sent.long lettersjanent the clock for this city so loyal, . To Professor. Airy, whose, answers were wary, as fits an-Astronoiner-Boyal.. But at last,'after years of dejection and fears, the tower was adorned with a clock, And has managed- to reach what it calls soul and speech, and has ceased to deceive or to mock. And the clock may aspire, like its virtuous sire to .have some reward for its trials, And may open its eyes some fine morn in sur prise, on -a circle of juvenile "dials. GHOBUS OF BOYS. A Circle of Juvenile Dials ! . My man Simon is an inveterate politician, and, fulfilling the old aphorism of " like master like man," he wades laboriously through the Parliamentary debates. _ Being, nevertheless, no scholar, he is nowise par ticular as to questions of orthography— ..indeed, as he says himself, he is too mnch used to -hard work to care about spelling. This peculiarity accounts for his coming to me a few days ago in high indignation at the following statement in the Legislative Council report:— "Ayes—Crozier,. Morgan, Neales, Santo, Storrie teller." He was not quite clear whether the reporter's gratuitous imputation. of falsehood applied to Mr. Santo only or to Messrs. Crozier, Morgan, and Neales as well. ' In" the latter case he.supposed the printer had left out the final "s" ; but he saw clearly enough it was high time Mr. Boucant's new Privilege Bill was passed. I congratulate you, mv Public, on having secured the services of such an energetic administrator as the Hon. Treasurer. Not only does he win" approval as a finished orator, ofttimes swaying the vexed Assembly to his will; -not only does he shine con spicuously as a brilliant financier; but -he now appears hi an equally favourable light as Supervisor of Wharfs and Harbour Works. It is evident "that too detail of his: office, however trivial it -may -be, is deemed too insignificant for his attention ; no single duty ie shirked, be it the- oompiling of a Budget, the inspection of our colonial defences—to wit,-two rusty, dnstv, fusty guns-r^or the .tasting of mysterious moUusca. In this last capacity he seems to have been particularly happy at the Port last week, if I may judge from the fallowing statement of the Register: —" The Government Yard was next in spected, and Captain Ferguson exhibited a large stone covered with oysters, which had been dredged from the inner bar. The Treasurer tasted one of these and pronounced it a ' real oyster.'" Thisflattering tribute to the solitary bivalve thus provided for his delectation has naturally suggested the fol lowing verses:— Ye Poem of ye Discontented Oysteb. An oyster reclined on a fragment of stone Bewailing its mournful fate. And murmuring forth in a dolorous tone These words which I now will relate. " Oh happy was I in the depths of the sea! As I sat on my limestone rock. Enclosed in my shell, from all jeopardy free, My enemies then I could mock. "But sudden one morn came the dredging machine Attacking the home of my birth, And bearing me up its dread clutches between With symptoms of horrible mirth. " And here in this place was £ cast in disdain To die in the sun or to rot, With no soothing sea-water to pity my pain Or mourn my unfortunate lot. " Oh why was I ever sent into this world? Oh what was my mission in life ? . Oh was I ordained in this place to be hurled? Or am I to die by the knife ? "Oh better tbe dredger had left me alone, To drag out my innocent days, All snugly ensconced on the fragment of stone Acquainted so well with my ways. " But here in the sun on this rubbish-heap left I gaze, on the pitiless sky; Of victuals deprived and of water bereft, I famish! I faint ! and I die!" With that the poor oyster relied round ifihis shell, Preparing to give up the ghost, When he caught the quick eye of a Government • swell Who lolled with his back to a post. He seized the young bivalve, inserted bis blade, And very soon settled its fate; : And then a respectful, obeisance he made, And gave .it the Treasurer straight. t The Treasurer opened his mouth pretty wide, A smile o'er his countenance stole. He gave a big gulp, it went down with a Blide, He swallowed the oyster all whole. So the oyster whe often his fate had denounced Was destined to furnish a meal For the Treasurer who to the party pronounced The bivalve decidedly "real." Mobal. Dissatisfied members this lesson may learn, That fate is a very fair measurer, And some day it may be their fortune to earn Well merited praise from the Treasurer. Anti-Mobal. Per contra, dissatisfied members may frown At the Treasurer's action with fury, Thus to "butter 1$em up when he slethers them down," As the Counsellor did with the Jury. 