GAWLER BAPTIST CHURCH ANNI- VERSARY. The anniversary of the Gawler Baptist Church was held on Sunday and Tuesday last. On Sunday the Be v. Mr. Parsons, from North Adelaide, preacheS two impressive sermons in the large hall of the Institute. In the morning the room was well filled; but in the evening it was crowded. On the Tuesday following a tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, at which there was a good attendance. After the tea was over, a public meeting was held in the large hall of the Institute, at •which a good number were present. After a hymn was sung, and the Rev. S. Mead •engaged in prayer, The CHAEBMAN (Mr. J. A. Holden, of Adelaide), said it afforded him very great pleasure in occupying the position he did at that meeting. He had not been in Gawler for some time, and had no idea they had such a fine hall here in which to hold their meetings. The Bev. S. Fairey was not bodily strong, and it behoved other members of the church to come forward and help him in his labors. However, he (the Chairman) would not detain them any longer, as he was sure the gentlemen who were to speak that evening, would interest them far more than he could hope to do. He would now call on the Bev. S. Fairey to make his yearly report. The Eev. S. FAISEY would not follow the sterotyped plan that evening by commencing with an apology, but he thought if any person there had a right to apologise it was himself. He really did not feel able to make a speech. He had nothing startling' or wonderful to report; but he had something to be devoutly thankful for. He i'elt disappointed at not having accomplished uinrf than they had done during the past y«ii\ When l bey remembered that they had God's help promised them if they only asked for it properly, he thought they might well say ihey had not done much. When they commenced this year they had a heavy debt hanging over them, and only numbejKl 4S members. Who can tell what their ' SBccees m ; eht have been, had their pastor|£|£j!telotb d with Livinepower; and the wkjnK>-obtain that power was by prayer, and faitn in God that He would give them what they asked for. Some might ask what he meant by success. He did not call that church a success which had its coffers always full, and paid its pastor regularly and -well, nor even that church which had crowded congregations. True success could only be measured by the number of souls which had been saved. He also thought they had had a certain amount of success during the past year, for which they had reason to be truly thankful to the Lord. They had doubled their congregation; backsliders ha<> been reclaimed; and 25 sinners had been shown the errors of their ways, and brought from the world to Christ. He thought this was some encouragement for them to go on working hard for another year. He would now read Ms statistical report as follows:— STATISTICS OR MEMBERSHIP. Number of members last year 48 Loss during year by dismission to other churches, erasureofnameB and exclusion 7 Additions during year 30 Present number of members 71 FINANCES.—Building Fund. liabilities last year. £641 11 Less by sale of allotment of land... 20 6 Money raised during year Piesent liabilities Current Account. Money received during year Expenditure Balance in Treasurer's hands Gross proceeds of the year A hymn was then Bung. 233 11 428 0 258 17 242 3 16 13 492 8 The Bev. S. MEAT) said some few months ago he had been surprised at several persons asking him if they were not having a revival at their church. The first one who had asked him he answered him by saying no. When the second person asked him he replied -that he did not know. But when the third person asked him he said yes. Within •the past fortnight he thought at least 10 ^persons, from different parts of the colony, and elonging to 10 different churches, had emarked to hi in the growing coldness in ther churches. Now the question might be airly asked, shall we do anything to promote a revival here. By a revival he did not mean anything sensational. What he understood as a revival was Christians meeting together for prayer and the worship of Ood, and feeling really desirous of winning souls to Christ. We are often told that the saving of one soul was such a glorious work, it deserved the labor Of a whole life to accomplish it. Now if the people of this church had a revival, and Could bring seven souls to Christ per week, would not that be a grand result. Then the world would have good reason to say there was a revival in that church. Our Lord Jesus Christ did not speak of such small numbers as this. What He said might be expected was thirty-fold, sixty- fold, and even a hundredfold, and why after this should they not expect it. He (Mr. Mead) had that morning brought up a sermon for Mr. Fairey to read, written by the Eev. Isaac New, of Melbourne, He had not read it himself; he did not like it. (Laughter The reason he did not like it was because he Baw on the title page, " The outpouring of the Holy Ghost, the great want of the churches of the present day." Now he (Mr. Mead) said they had the Holy Ghost; the Holy Spirit was working among them at all times. What they wanted was grand united prayer meetings. The Evangelical Alliance was very well as far as it went; but it did not go nearly far enough. What it should be was an alliance for the purpose of prayer. He did not see why ministers of all denominations should not meet together for united prayer, and then they might have reason to praise God for having sent the Holy Spirit amongst them. He would say t » all friends, give yourselves to prayer. But it was not only prayer that was wanted; they also wanted wise effort. In explanation of what he meant by wise effort Mr. Mead mentioned the case of young woman in connection with his own church, who had got disgusted with the name of Christ through the mistaken efforts of certain persons who pestered her at all times and all seasons, until now she would not hear of it at alL He earnestly wished them to remember this, that not only effort, but wise effort was required. A great deal of good might also be done by visiting the people. Let the members of their church go round and visit the people in their own houses. He could multiply to almost any extent instances of good that had been done by this, but their time would not permit him. He would say to them, leave no class untouched. Let us when we enter a house begin with the young men, then take the middle aged—but do not forget the old, and by thisthey might expect the Holy Spirit to be poured down upon them, so that they might have a grand and a glorious revival. (Applause). The Bev. J. C. MCMICHAEL said he was very glad they had postponed their meeting from the Monday to Tuesday night. In the first place it was much cooler to-night, and in the second place if <be meeting had been held on the evening first advertised, he would not have heard the speeches of this evening. Two out of three of the points he had intended to speak on had been taken by Mr. Mead and Mr. Fairey. He was startled to hear Mr. Mead say he did not agree with the Bev. Isaac New. He began to think Mr. Mead must be wrong in his creed. (Laughter). He thought if Mr. Mead only read the pamphlet it would be found to explain itself, and,Mr. Mead would no doubt change his opinion.' Looking at the matter in the light which it had been spoken of that evening, he (Mr. McMichael) thought the consideration of the out-pouring of the Holy Spirit was a very serious matter. Before they could eipeef this, the minds of the people must be in some way prepared for it. It was acknowledged by every person here that our Lord Jesus Christ had power to work miracles. T«t on two occasions we find it mentioned in the New Testament that on account of the unbelief of the people he could not do mauv mighty works. It all rested upon the condition of the minds of the people. That we have the power of the Holy Spirit amongst us it is true; but for this power to be fully developed depends on ourselves. He did not agree with Mr. Fairey that it did not speak as to the success of the church, the minister being able to draw his salary regularly. Now he 'thought different, and the pastor who could do that ought to think his church was in some way a successful one. (Laughter). When money came in plentifuly it was a very good sign indeed. He earnestly hoped their present pastor would be spared many years longer in the ministry, and he would find on looking back over his career that those sermons which had least of himself and most of Christ did the greatest amount of good. He (Mr. McMichael) had been, at the time, almost ashamed to preach some of his sermons; but in time afterwards he had found out that perhaps those very sermous did the most good. Thus it was that Almighty God chose the weakest instrument to overthiow the mighty. [Mr. McMichael resumed his seat amidst great applause.] Another hymn having been sung, The Bev. Mr. PABSONS rose and said he remembered that when the Bev. Charles Clark was over here the first time, he drew a very beautiful picture, " Within and without." The scene was a cathedral window, which looked at from the outside seemed all dark and cobwebs. No beauty could be seen in it. But go inside that cathedral and at once the beauty of the window is seen. So it was with the church; those who were not in the church could see no beauty in it, but directly they were admitted as members the whole beauty flashed upon them. How was it that the apparent progress of ;the church was so slow ? The fault lay with Christian men and women themselves. A great many had only theoretical notions of Christianity; they heard it at church, and found it in tracts. This was all they knew about it. What was wanted was for Christians to take up their Bibles every day to read and study them, and to think well over what they have read. There is far too little of this, and if there was more we should find the progress of the church would soon be faster. Another reason the church was retarded was on account of the divisions of it not working harmoniously together. Some of the different sects even went so far as to look upon the others as enemies, and condemn their success. He would say that every soul brought to Christ ought to be a source of joy to all Christians. If you were to ask 10 different men what they considered good things, you would probably get as many different answers; but a true child of God should take everything as good, for it is their Father above who sends everything. Fortune has ruined the fortunes of many a man, while adversity has brought others back to the House of God like straying children. As the collection was to be made after his speech, he might te allowed to say a few words on it. He was greived on Sunday night by seeing so many threepenny pieces in the plate; but he thought the Sunday collections must hare exhausted the supply, and perhaps to-night people would give more. (Laughter ana applause). The collection was now made. Dr. MILLEE said it had aoSi-ded him great pleasure in listening to the speeches made that evening. He thought by what little ho knew of their pastor that he was in earnest, and if anything ensured success, he was sure this would. But he would remind the people that their prayers would materially help to sustain the pastor in his work. He heartily wished the church every prosperity. If they h w l ts ad spiritual prosperity, temporal prosperity ould be sure to follow. The Eev. S. FAIREY said on account of the ateness of the hour they would dispense with he several votes of thanks. He would himelf thank all those who had taken part in the proceedings. The CHAIRMAN briefly responded. A hymn having been sung, aud the doxology pronounced, the meeting separated. The total proceeds of the anniversary was £53. 