A CHAPTER FBOM THE STOBY OF MY LIFE. BY LIONEL HABDING. Mjany years ago—so xntmy that I scarcely care, to county them, so rapidly do the mile-stones on, life's, joufnej; fly past us—I was travelling in, Addelaberg,. tljat wizard, haunt of Faust, and. the epic " IfoJ&erland;" of. Tell, in Zuriph. It iB & glorious, country—magnificent in ite sceneiy, . fanipu^ in. its- poetic legends, amid the; dreamy atmosphere c£ vjinch ths heart of Goethe beat high, apd. the soul, of Schiller thrilled with the glory of, ingpisatipn. I cannot for the life of me imagine why. at this.time the remembrance of my, travels comes, so.vividly before me. My fanc^,. always a fiighiy and unmanageable one, t^kes we. prisoner, and. cagues. me far away beyond the Manos in the snowy, rqpuntains of Transylvania, to that gigantic and; wondrous chasm, "The, Torda- hasadich"—rthatr remnant of . an world, a shattered fragment of the vast skeletons of creation, left, naked at the ebbing of the Deluge, and which seen, whether by sunshine or bymoonlighjt, should leave " Der Teufels Tanz pl^tz," or the wizard dens of the Brocken, scenes of a. common world. I. Bay I am power less to explain why the rnemoiy of these places haunts, me to-day, unlesB it is that the roads, were iji all cases, impassable to a. break-neck extent, and very nearly as execrable as the one I. ' was jostled, jammed, jolted, and crushed over last Saturday, in my journey from the so-called Holy City, the mighty capital \of South Australia, to. the smaller, but important township of Kodina. ;" Battle his bones over the stones"—and they did rattle them with a vengeance. A morning—like November in England—the lazy gas burning, as it always does in Adelaide,, as if it had got drunk over nighty and was ashamed of itself—the streets deserted, save by the " guardians of the public peace," who look, gaunt and spectre-like, something like Hamlet's father in a great coat, as they patrol with tho saunter peculiar io the force the pavement of the dark and muddy streets. Yes, darkness every where—darkness made still more visible by the wretched gas, and the pale-like clouds lower?ng overhead. We are in good time at the coach office; two clocks with wonderful unanimity are striking six; my friend Opie, knowing well the Slough of Despond he has to pass through, is already at bis post, impatient for the start. At half-past seven we rattle away in splendid style down King William-street, as motley a crowd of passengers as were ever packed to gether in a coach. Ifs astonishing into how small a compass a human being ean on a push be compressed. There were nine of as altogether— | a dog four hands high swarming with a newly-married couple, a puppy, a baby, a couple of Bantam fowls, a canary bird, six bandboxes, twenty carpet bags, and six portmanteaus. The atmosphere inside the coatoh, as may be imagined, was anything but odoriferous. There was a peculiar flavour of dog abont it, to say nothing of onions and rum and milk. We all settled down in our places as well as we could, looking as jolly as we could under the circumstances, as -the un fortunate wretches confined in the black- hole of Calcutta might be supposed to'have looked when they were first locked in and begen to feel the awful pangs of suffocation. We proceed at a glorious pace along the well-kept roads of the capital: a bump or two—nothing to speak of— just enough to break the monotony' of- the journey and stir our bile; yea, comparatively speaking we are a happy family —because we can't help ourselves. We stop at the termination of the first stage to | breakfast—and let me record here, that never in all my rambles, have I found a more comfortably arranged, or more admirably served breakfast than, the one prepared for us at the hotel (the name of which I have forgotten, but that's no matter) last Saturday morning. My blessing on the head of— that bright-eyed damsel, the flair and buxum" waitress from whose dear hands I received a cup' ~ of steaming hot coffee, bam and eggs ad libitum, and auch a fish—delightfully cooked—everything . clean, well served up, generous almost to prodi gality, reminding me of the old days when I tra \- yelled by the Dover Mail and took my breakfast ,s at the Crown Hotel, at Sevenoaka. My blessing on her over and over again, and my prayers too, if they are likely to do her good, for her smiling face and ready willingness—a very paradise was this same hotel—while she, like the great spirit of good and kindness, moved abont it, and when we start ed once more on our journey, the dog and I fell fast asleep and dreamt sweet dreams (at least I ■ v. did) .about her, and built bright castles in the air> ; and wedged in between the band boxes and trunks ' X fancied (in my dreams) that we were both in the second heaven, and were singing the refrain of thBfc popular nursery eong,— , "Here we go up, up, up, And here we go down. down, down, ° And here "we go backwards and forwards, \- ■. And here we go round, round, round." And if we didn't go up and down it's a pity^ and to use a vulgar expression, " I'm a Dutch man." We danced on our seats instead of our feet. " When Greek meet's Greek Then comes the tug o' war." It was getting dark. " Shades of evening close not o'er us." Our troubles were commencing, we had reach- ed the Wild Horse Plains, and the coach rocked like an American clipper in the Bay of Biscay. The passenger dog (four hands high) was as sick as a cat. Our lady passengers, with two exceptions, were enduring excruciating tortures of sea sick- ness, there was no steward on board our over crowded ship, and a rush was made to the win dows. The canary tried to sing to keep our spirits up, but poor fellow it was too much for him, and he gave up the ghost. The rain came down a perfect wall of water, the wind blew and the thunder thundered, and on those dismal plains we got into a Slough of Des pond that good John Bunyan must have had in his mind's eye when he wrote his celebrated Pilgrim's Progress. Thanks to fortune, willing hands and the admirable presence of mind display- ed under the most trying circumstances, by our pilot, Opie, we arrived safely at our journey's end. The remembrance of that day's travel will live with me to the closing scene of all. My respect and admiration for the wisdom and acuteness of' the legislators of this rich colony is unbounded, but I would ask with all respect and due humility why these important mining districts should be so utterly and cruelly ignored by the sapient rulers of .North-Terrace. It is ail very well to build magnificent Post-Offices, Churches and Chapels, but surely the interest of civilization and common sense demands that some little consideration should be shown to those who " Help to swell the coffers of the State." The roads on the wizard den of " Der Teufels Tanz-Platz, or those on the range of hills which extend to the western Alps, or snowy mountains of Transylvania are ten thousand times better \- than the one I travelled over last Saturday on my jjourney from Adelaide to Kadina. 