DENE HOLLOW. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNR part it. chapteb XX iii. — conclusion. Midsummer day had passed, . and June was drawing to its close. The blue skies were without a cloud; save where the sun was setting in its golden light ; the scent of the lying hay filled the still evening air. Out of doors nothing could be more calm and peaceful : within doors, at Arde Hall, all was bustle, preparation, and excitement. For on the morrow its daughter was 4o become Lady Clanwaring. ' Things at JBeechhurst Dene had settled down into their routine, and Tom was as calm and effi- cieht a chieftain as though he had been born and reared to it. Nay, far more bo. Brought' up in the pride and exolusiveness, in the expectations pertaining to their position, not one of them would have made the kind, considerate, and thoroughly capable master that Tom made. " Tom" to his friends still, " Sir Dene" to the world. Some people said he would be too lenient too good-hearted in fact, for his own interests. Wit ness for instance, his haying granted a renewal of the lease of the Thfling lndian to Miss "Kmum Geach 1 ; Miss r JSkhbm, brassy as of old, had pre- . ; seated herself one day in .the bay parlour, where the youngSir Dene sat oyer his papers, ami boldly ask«l for it. Would she be able to get a living at the ian,was Sir Dene's answering question; and she said, "Yes, for certain,' " and imputed s .little newB about herself. She was about to be married to Jim Pound. She should keep the inn going, and attend to the customers, while Jim would go out to hie regular employment abroad as usual. And she intended to conduct the inn respectably, ehe added — and Tom saw she meant it — and not have the disreputable characters there that Black had favoured. She alio purposed, if Sir Dene had no objection, to alter the name of the inn to the " Wheatsheaf," and to have a new Bign-board painted, showing a big sheaf of oorn, well gilded. Sir Dene replied that he had no objection in the world ; on the contrary, he thought the " Wheatsheaf" carried a more reput able sound with it than the " Trailing Indian." So he gare her the promise of the lease ; and he shook hands with her for their early friendship's sake, when both were little Arabs running about Harebell Lane, and wished her prosperity with all his heartu J As Mr. James Pound was a hard working, steady, simple young man, who had never had but one idea in his head, and that was admiration of Miss Emma Geach, and would be sure to let her be mistress and master,. Tom con sidered her prospects of domestic felicity were very fiur. Witness, too, what he had done for Mary Bar ber — furnished the pretty cottage for her in the nicest manner. At all this the parish shook its prudent head : clearly the young Sir Dene was not sufficiently awake to his own interests. But, if he was not going in for his own particu lar interests, he undoubtedly was for his people's love. Tenants and servants had already found out how good he would be to them, how impiicity they might trust in his honohr Slid generosity. The trials he had undergone throughout MM life had been the best possible training for him : heaven, foreseeing things that we cannot, had ho doubt been all the while fitting Tom Clanwaring for the lot in life he was to fulfil. Geoffry's dying prayer for his child's best welfare had been heard. Jaryia Clanwaring, released from -his debts by Otto (acting for Sir Tim), bad declined to attend his grasdfother'e funeral; for be had sufficient sense of shame not to show his face, again in the neighbourhood of Hurst Leet. A post was ob- tained for him in India, in which he might do well if he choose to be steady, even make a fortune in time s and he had aliead/f tiled for it. Lady oouree, ftong with her ; Mil Tom Jbled the amount pf inoomo bequeathed to her tySj! S'Drae Hollow, was a road no longer. » Bloodied field existed where it had been. Just iffioe new highway in the years gone by had Obliterated all tra4 of the Widow Barber e houae, I, the long ploughed field now obliterated all of the highway. Bat the convenience of Hnrst Beet and its snrroaadiog people wae not lastsieht of. Tom had talked to Mr. Arde, and gersoaded that gentleman to allow another road Wbe cot through his property, Tom andertak- ing the expense6 It wo. a better site for it than !h! other and just where it ought to have been made at fiwt. And so the time had gone onto midsummer, and the wedding of Sir Dene and Mi»t Arde was fixed for one of these last days of tnnj| They etood together, he and his betrothed bride, on this their marriage eve, in the small side room of Arde Hall, that had once been the young lady's school and play-room. The servants were busy laving out the breakfast in the dining-parlour j jfrt. Arde was in the drawing-room, putting the finishing touches to the vaees of flowers, Charlotte ffavoDe. again come to be bridesmaid, helping her. Miss May had been wilful. Not an earthly thing, even to a blessed bit of ribbon, as Susan Cole angrily put it, that had been prepared for the other wedding, would she let serve for this. The attire, both for bride and bridesmaid, had to be bought anew. To the last hour of Susan's life the would not cease to grumble at the folly and waste. Even now, she had been giving Miss May a taste of her opinion, although the young lady wai by the side of her bridegroom so soon to be. gnin Cole, a basket of ribbon on her arm, was Ostensibly making up white favours, and passing in and out at will. Susan, for some cause not yet explained, was in a very explosive temper that evening ; nearly everybody she came near being treated to a touch of tartness. They are putting up for the night, observed Hay, alluding to the read labourers beyond the eide field. u And for to-morrow also," added Sir Dene. For old and young, rich and poor, were on the morrow to rest from labour. " How glad they must be wben their day's VOfk't over," said May, shyly, in the reminder. "They are taking away their tools." " Clad to get the work to do, I should say," put Susan. " Glad that folks is foand to be at the oste o' new roads and give 'em work." She whisked out of the room again, basket on arm, as abruptly as Bhe had just whisked into it. Tom't blue eyes shone with a merry light. " The new road has never altogether met with Susan's favour," he said, " She thinks I need not have gone to the expense." M It was quite right to make the road ; and to do everything else that you are doing. Tom, we hall be dreadfully rich. I don't know how all (he money will get spent." He shook his head with a smile, playing with her brown hair. " I could spend twice as much, May." " But not en ourselves ?" she said in surprise, lifting her eyes to his. " No. On others." " There will be enough, Tom. This will be ours emetime, you know. Who could have thought the two properties would ever be united !" u Who would have thought at one time, May, that you and should ever be?'' " Who! — why, all along nearly " Sheetopped suddenly — with the brigbest blush. His whole face was laughing. "All along — what?" But Miss May grew very hot indeed and bit her lips. "All along what, May ? Come. I am waiting t« hear." " Never you mind, Sir Dene. If you intend to I take me up in this sharp way, you had better tell me so beforehand." " And if I do tell you so ?" " Why then — I am not sure that I'll be mar ried at all." " No ! That breakfast in the ether room must be eaten, you know, May." "I don't know anything about it, sir. And I think — — " What May thought was never spoken. An interruption stopped it in the shape of Susan Cole again. Flinging open the door, she put her baaket and ribbon on the table, and came up to them, evidently armed for conflict. Look here," she began. " Fm a-going to have it oat. I can't help myself : I shali buret if I don t. And I never thonght you'd be, either of yon, ungrateful to me — yes, Sir Dece, Fm speak ing to jou as well as to Miss May. Since my missis j aid what she did an nour ago, I don't know I whether I've stood on my head or my heels. And 1 I've went and cut up all the ribbon for the favours int# wrong lengths !" " Just say what your grievance is, Subbd," spoke ! Sir Dene. " I don't pertend to be one o' your fine Btuck- np maids," went on Susan, never seeming to hear him, " and I know it's only reasonable to expect that Miss May, about to be My Lady, and a going to London to be showed off at the King's Court, may want one that's fashionabler. But when my missis says to me just now, when we was a mea suring the white satin together (and I loBt the measure on't later), 'You oan always come back here, you know, Susan, if they should not con tinue to want you at Beechhurst Dene,' you might ha' knocked me down with a end o' the ribbon. Miss May — Mr. Tom — when I hear ! these things, I think it's time to ask you what 1 footing I be upon," excitedly went on Susan. " I looked to fi.il another sort o' p ace, you see, at Beeohhurst Dene, and never to be turned out OB t. "Fm sure, Susan, I don't wish to turn you out," said May, quite surprised. u I never thought of doing it. What is the other place you would like to fill?'' ! " Why the nurse's, of course, MiBs May," re torted Susan. "Nurse to the babies when they come." May stared blankly for a moment or two ; and then ker face turned to a crimson flame. " How very absurb you are, Susan !" " Me absurd !" echoed Susan Cole, her own face aflame with anger. "What's absurd? I nursed you, Miss May ; I nursed Master Tom here ; 'twould be a hard thing if I didn't nurse your children." "So it would," put in Tom, biting his lips hard, to keep countenance. "In course it would," repeated Susan. "And xae a stopping single for your eakee ! I had my sweethearts in those days, and my offers too. But I didn't take 'em : I kept to you. A fine time on't I had with you, Mies May ; for of all ondaci- ous children you were the worst: Master Tom, he was tractabler. Ever since he came home — Sir Dene — I've looked to nurse your babies. Who %le has got » right to nurse em P" "So you shall nurse them, Susan," said Tom j laughing. " I promise it." Susan gave a satisfied nod, caught up her bas ket of favours, and went away again. May was leaning from the window then as far as Bhe safely could without pitching out. Tom went to her ; but she would not turn round. He thought he heard a sob. " Why, May ! My darling ! What is it?" Gently raising her to him, she turned her face and hid it on his breast. He put down his own face and wanted to know what the sorrow was. " Not present sorrow at all," she whispered. " It's not the first time since you came back that I've cried for happiness. While Susau was grumbling — and what 11 stupid thing she is ! off her head, I think — Bome of the past sorrow flashed into my mind, and I began to contrast it with what is. God has been very good to us." Auother intruder entered the room — Otto Clan- waring. He had come down to be Sir Dene's best man at the wedding. They walked home together arm in arm, the two young men, talking Boberly. Of the crowd expected in the church on the morrow ; of Mary Barber s beBt grey gown, and the shawl with the border of lilies and roses that were to be worn at it. Of Harry Cole's old mother, who was to be driven down by him to the church. Of Mrs. James Pound's (no longer Miss Emma Geach) late smart wedding attire to be displayed at it. Of Gander's prominent place in the tail of the procession. In short, of the general satisfactory state of all things. And the stars came out oue by one in the clear sky, and the whole atmosphere, within and with out, seemed redolent of peace. As they went on up the avenue, and came in sight of Beechhurst Dene, its master lifted his hat, his lips moving Bilently. " God be thanked for the way He has led me since the day I was carried in here, an infant waif, my father's tears falling on my face ! May He be ever with me to the end !" My friends — in conclusion. Dark days have embittered the lives of some of us, just as they embittered Tom Clanwariug's. They will dawn for us again. Days when we look yearningly in- | to the far corners of the wide earth for a gleam I of comfort, and look in vain: there's not a ray in the sunless sky, not a star in the black over-sha- do wing firmament. But above this dreary earth higher than that leaden sky, is Heaven. There I sits One who sees all ou.' cares, notes our oppres sions, hears our sighs, pities our tears : and who will surely in His own good time cause the dark ness to merge away in bright and loving light if we do but patiently trust to Him. And so a new reign was begun at the Dene in all happiness. And Susan Cole got the post she fought for. But Hurst Leet generally was never persuaded out of the belief that Robert Owen's ghost had! " walked." Only people did not talk much about ' it abroad, as he wt.s the grandfather of Sir Dene. sf-yTHE END. 