NEW CHURCH OF ENGLAND, KANGAROO POINT. THE ceremony of laying the corner-stone of this edifice took place on April 30, and the ceremony attracted a very large assemblage. The proposed church will be erected on one of the most beautiful sites on the Point, immedi ately adjoining the National School, and com- manding an extensive view. The building, when erected, will be a handsome addition to our city places of worship, and will supply a want long felt by tbe Church of England resi dents of Kangaroo Point. It is only designed at present to complete such a portion of the church as will suit the requirements of the con- gregation, leaving to a larger population the task of carrying out the entire plan. Mr. R. G. Sutor is the architect for the building. The order of architecture chosen is Gothic, and the church, which will be of cruciform shape, will consist of a nave, transepts, and chancel. The total length of the church when completed will be 100 feet, but tbe portion which is now under erection will be only fifty-four feet long with a width of thirty-four feet. Stone from the quarries about Brisbane will be the material used in the construction, and the roof will be of open timber work. A handsome bell turret will surmount the front of the building, and take away whatever of dulness the simplicity of the plan might suggest. Ths cost of the portion of the church to be erected now is estimated at £700, and owing to the exertions of the Building Committee the greater portion of this sum has been already raised. We are informed that in cash and promises £680 has been got together, and Mr. F. Tooth, of Sydney, has intimated his inten- tion of subscribing £100. The erection will therefore start under fairer pecuniary auspices than is generally the case, and the congregation will not have to contend with that great bugbear, " a debt on tbe building." Great interest was manifested in the ceremony and the scene bore an animated appear- ance, the church enclosre being gaily decorated with banners and flags. Immediately behind the spot where the corner-stone was suspended, a covered platform was erected for the use of His Excellency the Governor, the Bishop, clergy, and distinguished visitors. The stone was a block of white freestone, weighing exactly a ton, and in addition to a cross cut on each side bore the following inscription :— " In the name of the blessed and undivided Trinity, this stone was laid by His Excellency the Most Honorable George Augustus Constantine, Marquis of Normanby, Governor of Queens land, on the 29th April, ad. 1872, in dedication of the Church to Saint Mary the Virgin." The stone is situatod on the north-west corner of the building facing the river. Punctually at half- past 4 o'clock, His Excel- lency drove up in his carriage to the entrance of the National School, where he was received by the Right Rev. Dr. Tufnell, the clergy, church wardens, and several members of the Building - Committee. A procession was then formed of the clergy and choir, who proceeded through the church enclosure, singing two verses of the 100th Psalm. His Excellency followed with His Lordship the Bishop, and took his place on the platform. He was accompanied by Lady Normanby, and attended by his Private Secre tary and Aide-de-Camp. Amongst those present on the platform we noticed the Hon. A. H. Palmer, Hon. W. H. Welsh, Hon. T. L. M. Prior, and Hon. J. Bramston. His Lordship the Bishop then commenced the service proper for the occasion, according to the Church of England Ritual, which he con ducted in a most impressive manner. The Bishop having laid his hand on the stone, offered up a special prayer, after which the First Lesson was read. The stone having been lowered to its proper position, His Excellency spread the mortar, and said, " In the name of Jesus Christ we place this corner-stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." He then gave the usual three taps with the maul, and declared the stone duly laid, and level with the plummet. Enclosed in the stone was a bottle containing a parchment with the signature of His Excellency the Governor, His Lordship the Bishop, the churchwardens, and others con nected with the church. Also some coins of the realm, a copy of the Courier, and a copy of the plans of the church. At the close of the service, His Lordship addressed a short discourse to those assembled. They were everyone, he said, deeply sensible of the kindness of His Excellency the Governor in laying the foundation-stone of this church, which was meant to replace the simple, unpretentious edifice, which had for auch a length of time served as a house of prayer for the congregation. Ths history of Moreton Bay did not extend very far back, but the old building in which the congregation had worshipped would always be associated with its history. The first Church of England in this colony was a carpenter's shop belonging to the Government of New South Wales, which was granted for the purpose. This building was now used in St. John's School. Archdeacon Glennie, who was the second Church of England Pastor at Bris- bane, built the simple church on the Point on a piece of land granted by the then Government Resident, Captain Wickham. It was sometimes thrown in the face of the members of the Church of England, that, being the wealthiest portion of the community, they were unmindful of the wants of their clergy and the honor of their God. He denied the truth of this taunt, and said that when properly put before them the members of the Church had never been found indifferent to the modest pretensions of their clergy, and neither would they be found indifferent to the cause of God. The members of the Church of England in all parts of the municipality of Brisbane should help the members of the Church in Kangaroo Point in completing their edifice, and the people of Kan- garoo Point might afterwards assist in building other churches where they were required. He trusted, however, that this building would be completed without resort to those measures concerning which he would not say much that day, but of which it was known he did not approve. He liked amusement as well as any person, but be did not believe in putting them under the garb of religion. Don't let them build up God's House by means of this sort. In conclusion he pointed out that honoring the remembrance of the worthy dead should not be lost sight of in the adornment of the interior of God's Temple, and suggested that a stone pulpit, which he was informed would cost about £40, would be a very suitable memorial of the late Hon. Gilbert Eliott, the first Speaker of the Legislative Asssmbly. Ths offertory was then collected, and amounted to the very handsome sum of £57 17s. 10d. 