DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened on Monday morning, May 6, at St. Paul's Church, by: the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Service commenced at half -past 11 o'clock with the Litany, the Very Rev. Dean Russell offi- ciating. The Holy Communion having been administered, His Lordship delivered the follow ing Pastoral Address: — " Rev. and dear Brethren— The sudden fall of the Temporal Papacy, and the political decline of those great Powers— France, Austria, and Spain— by which it had previously been sustained, naturally led me in my address last year to consider what might be the effect on the Christian world at large of that great catas- trophe; what prospect it opened for reform within the pale of the Latin Church; and of reconciliation between it and the Greek Com- munion, at well those bodies which sprang from the bosom of the Reformation. " The attempt to rivet on the minds and hearts of all Roman Catholics a compulsory unity of thought and belief by the novel dogma of Papal Infallibility, as might be expected, roused up enquiry and resistance in every part of the 'Roman obedience.' And, on the other hand, a strong yearning for closer fellowship in ,the Gospel hat unmistakably manifested itself among the various Reformed communions. We have seen, for instance, Prelates of our own Church in Scotland ministering in the churches of the Presbyterian Establishment, and amid the graves of the Covenanters, around the old Grey Friars' Church in Edinburgh, the Dean of Westminster has preached on the new com- mandment of Christ ' to love one another as He loved us.' That seed, so long buried in the earth, has at length germinated, and put forth a vigorous though yet tender blade. It still needs the continual dew of God's blessing ere the ear shall ripen into an abundant harvest. 'The growing fellowship among the Presby- terian bodies, whether Scottish, English, or Irish ; whether Baptist, Congregational, or Methodist in denomination, has not escaped my notice. By interchange of pulpits, by fellowship in prayer, by holy communion cementing an Evangelical Al- liance, by joining together in their various Church solemnities and charitable institutions, standing side by side on the platform, their original principles of separation seem to have retired into the background, and their specialties of dogmatic opinion or Church order practically reduced to comparative insignificance. ' Whereto they have attained, they walk by the same rule.' ' Surely the Church of England may learn a valuable lesson from these their brethren after the common faith. Let us rightly appreciate their growing fellowship ; let us imitate their mutual consideration and bearing one with another. "Indeed, there are not wanting many cheering signs of a like yearning for outward as well as spiritual unanimity among the more earnest of our clergy in the several Schools of Thought, known as Evangelical, Broad, and High Church. " In proof of this assertion I would point to a late address of the Rev. J. C. Ryle, that uncompromising defender of Evangelical prin- ciples. It was read at Islington, to an assembly of 350 clergy, at the 45th annual meeting of their Association. To him had been assigned the duty of opening that most interesting topic of discussion, ' Can a greater amount of unity be obtained among zealous and pious Church men of different schools of thought;' and he laid down five admirable rules for bringing about this most desirable end:— 1. To cultivate the habit of recognising the grace of God and love to Christ, wherever that grace and love are to be found; 2\. Of speaking charitably and courteously of 'those who disagree with us. 3. Of acquainting ourselves accurately with the real, opinions and phraseology of other schools of thought.* 4. Of meeting men of those other schools on neutral ground. 5. Of co-operating in promoting good objects, whether of a tem- poral or semi-temporal character,' such as sanitary measures in epidemics or charitable relief of the starving populations of Paris or Chicago. ' Surely by acting, on these rules much of the 'apparent division, among Churchmen would disappear. The way also would be paved for closer fellowship with those who 'holding the head,' yet seem to us open to the charge of severing the body of Christ, and assuming dis- tinctive appellations, productive at least of emulations, if not of strife. The time will perhaps ' arrive when a further step, which Mr. Kyle recommends, might be wisely taken, namely, procuring private, meetings of the leaders of theological thought, represent- ing net merely different schools within the Church, but different Churches or denomina- tions. Lutherans and old Catholics might thus approach each other. The Episcopalian and Presbyterian by this means harmonize, their differences. The residuum of irreconcilable disagreement would be found perhaps among orthodox Christians infinitesimally small com- pared with its seeming present magnitude. " It is the happiness indeed of the present age that theological discussions are carried on with more of Christian courtesy, although re- ligious convictions are held with no less tenacity than of yore. Whatever appears to the in- dividual mind unwarranted by Scripture or at variance with Apostolic order is condemned without compromise or hesitation. Still, men judge nothing of each other before the time, and thus enlightened reason has a better chance of making its voice heard amid the strife of tongues. Points at issue are more likely to be duly weighed and reduced to their proper pro- portions, much latent unity of thought and feeling will thus probably be brought to light, and something more than an union of compromise or indifference established. Mr. Ryle closed his address in these emphatic words, .'Fathers and brethren, let us long for unity, pray for unity, work for unity, make sacrifices for unity, with all pious, and zealous, and genuine Churchmen, by whatever name they may be called ; but never let our thirst for unity tempt us to forsake our old evangelical principles.' When we reflect on the waste of force, time, and money occasioned by the over- lapping of Christian agencies in the work of pro- pagating the Gospel, the difficulties thrown in the way of missions amongthe heathens by such variety, the spirit of rivalry and amount of self- opinion which they engender, and finally, their palpable antagonism to the prayer of our Lord for His Apostles and 'all who should believe through their word, that they might be one ;' if, I say, we reflect on these things we shall be more dis- posed to labour for unity among ourselves as Churchmen, and to facilitate as far as we can the joining together again and compacting of the whole body of which Christ is the Head. One hindrance to such a reunion is found in the Athanasian Creed. During the last twelvemonth attention has been, again awakened to this formulary, as causing many to stand aloof from our Church. It is used thirteen times in her service during the year, and in the 8th Article it is said 'that it may be proved by most certain warranty of Scripture.' Admitting this to be true of the substance of the doctrine, are the damnatory or monitory clauses necessary? If so, why did, they not find a place in the two earlier Creeds? . ' That God is revealed to us in Trinity of Person, yet One in essence, is evident from the name into which we are baptized of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This is the meaning of the New Testament, as interpreted by the con- sentient witness of the Church from the be- ginning. Nor is it uncharitable if, as 'the pillar and ground of the truth,' she warns all , men of their danger in neglecting, mutilating, or corrupting the faith necessary for salvation. Love itself bids us, when we see any one , sin 'a sin unto death,' warn him sharply of his danger. More than this our Church does not wish to do. It is the substance of the faith for which she contends. This is plain from the Rubric— 'The condemn- ing clauses are to be understood as relating only to those who obstinately deny the substance of , the Christian faith,' sought to be introduced in 1689 by the Royal Commissioners for the re- vision of the Liturgy. Also by the following note, recommended by a majority of the late Ritual Commission— ' That the condemnations in this confession of faith are to be no otherwise understood than as a solemn warning of the peril of those who wilfully reject the Catholic faith.' 'But such dogmatic interpretations of , passages in the Prayer-book are dangerous , in principle and unsatisfactory in effect, for they leave unaltered the language which offends. Surely what the Church teaches it should teach in no uncertain terms. Rather than omit the Creed I would erase the condemnatory clauses which have no place in the Nicene formulary. On this point the history of the Creed becomes of importance, and we may fairly refuse to accept the dogmatic decrees of the eighth century, or even the fifth, consistently with the due defe- rence we pay to the mind of the Church, which bears tbe stamp of Apostolic antiquity and Catholic consent. "Proposed Alteration in the Prayer- book. — The Archbishop and Bishops have proposed to Convocation a plan for giving greater elasticity , and variety to the services of our liturgy. The order of morning and evening prayer is left untouched, but it is proposed to allow to In- cumbents, with approval of the Bishop, free selec- tion of Psalms, lessons, and prayers from the Prayer-book for a third service on the Lord's Day; also to authorize the separate use of the Litany and other services, and. to abbreviate the daily prayer by omission of certain parts. 'These changes will be welcome to many who delight to frequent daily the house of prayer, yet are tied down to fixed hours of business. They may also remove objections to liturgical forms rendered too rigid and unadaptive by the Act of Uniformity. Thus may be brought about a wider acceptance of the Book of Common Prayer. Already, it is stated by the Press that the new Lectionary has been approved and sanctioned among the Wesleyan Methodists. As education becomes more general and higher in its character devotional taste will demand that congregational prayer shall clothe itself with language suited to the greatness and solemnity of the occasion. And what language can surpass in strength and fervency that of our Prayer-book? 'English Education Act.— An unexpected cause of variance has sprung up at home in the Education Act. When the Imperial Govern- ment seriously grappled with the question of national education, it was, I think, wisely determined to make use of the voluntary agencies then at work. Accordingly, it made grants in aid impartially to the British and Foreign or National Society schools, or those established by the different Denominations. It was then determined to remove this burden from the General Revenue to local rates to be dispensed by local School Boards. Hence has arisen the dissension. Denominational claims to share in the rate became distasteful to many ratepayers; and as the Church of England by the superior number of its schools and scholars absorbed the larger portion of the rate, hence the opponents of the Established Church took occasion to assail the Education Act known as Mr. Forster's. "Education Act for South Australia. — In this colony there is no legal connection between Church and State. In a thinly-peopled country very widely settled it can hardly be expected that private funds or individual effort can provide the means of general education. In centres of population much may be done by voluntary effort ; but in the rural districts and outlying townships it needs all the funds the Legislature can provide and the State admi- nister in order to secure the elementary training of its future citizens. "Nor in the variety of Denominations and their intermixture in a scanty population can the system known as 'payment by results' be brought into effective action. Believing firmly, however, in the Parochial school, carried on under the eye and discipline of the parochial minister, I nevertheless must acknowledge the right of the Government to direct the educa- tion wherever it appropriates public money in aid of the Teacher. I do not therefore think that in this colony Denominational schools should be carried on by grants out of the General Revenue or by local rates. It would be deplorable, how- ever, if in all Government schools the use o£ prayers and Scripture reading were prohibited. The genuine Schoolmaster will never fail to avail himself of the power of God's truth and the voice of prayer to form the tone of his scholars and regulate their behaviour. "To my rev. brethren, then, I would say 'Raise up and maintain as far as you are able your parochial school in connection with your Church. Try to induce your people to consider the education of the young of the flock as part of their parochial Church-life and of their pastor's cure of souls. This may well form part of their alms and offerings, to the glory of God and benefit of their poorer neighbours. I would only, add that respect for conscientious scruples should ever distinguish Church schools, and win for them the confidence of those who are attached to other bodies.' "Denominational Schoolrooms. — In the dearth of school-buildings belonging to the State in this colony, and the inability of the Govern- ment to provide adequately for the educational wants of the population, it might be well to act on the plan adopted by the Manchester Education League, viz., to accept the use of denominational schoolrooms for certain Government education hours, leaving the Trustees to make such pro- vision for religious instruction before and after those hours as they shall think fit. Such was the plan adopted by the Corporation of the Pulteney-street School last year, but it failed to secure acceptance. In tbe interest, however, both of secular and religious education in this colony it may be advisable to act on the above plan, not as the best possible, but as the only one practicable. The Church and State would stand independent; of each other, yet not in hostile attitude, but rather lending each other support Conscience would at all events be respected. The Protestant child might avail himself of the voluntary provision for Scripture reading and prayer. The Roman Catholic need only use the secular education. One unspeakable advantage would thus be gained. The poison of sectarian bigotry would not be imbibed in the guileless hours of childhood. The future citizens of this country would grow up together in habits of friendly intercourse, nor would differing views of religious duty sever the adamantine links of friendship welded together in the glowing fire of early affection. 'The Reformation set in movement by Luther was in its very nature combative. It contained in itself the principle of endless division, based on the sovereignty of the individual conscience. But if combative, it was also expansive in its zeal, and productive everywhere of civil and religious liberty. The Anglo-Saxon races owe to this their independence of thought and their self-reliant character. The only danger is lest liberty should lose itself in licence, and the Communion of the saints on earth be for gotten in the exercise of private judgment. "Of old in the Valley of Vision the breath of the Spirit caused even dry bones to come together, clothing them with sinews and flesh, until they stood up an exceeding great army. i ? .. : ? I - '? ,L ?..;:?' -- ? - - ? ? ? '.'?'? '.,.,' ??*?'' * In illustration of his third rule Mr. Ryle instances the misunderstanding caused by the use of 'Regeneration* and 'Real Presence' in quite different senses. By regeneration many Episcopalians understand 'admission to the privileges of the covenant in Christ.' The Bishops of the American Episcopal Church at the late Convention declared 'that in their opinion the word 'regenerate' used is the ?offices for the ministration of baptism for infants' is not there so used as to determine that a moral change in the subject of baptism is wrought in the sacrament,' in which sense it is very generally used in modern theology. Again, by 'Real Presence' is popularly understood a local and material presence. But a spiritual presence is just as real as a material presence. Our communion service bids the cemmunicant 'feed on Christ in his heart by faith with thanks giving.' Into the metaphysical subtilties on which 'transubstantiation' and ' consubstantia- tion' are based our Church does not enter. Of any other than a subjective ' real,' but spiritual 'presence,' our office does not speak. Even those who with the late holy post Keble dwell on the literal force of the words, ' This is My body,' divest that body of the common property of matter, viz., 'extension in space,' in order that, united with the divine essence, it may be capable of ubiquitous presence. How incapable of proof by the evidence of sense such presence is; how presumptuous to dogmatize in the way of 'transubstantiation' or ' consubstantiation,' or to force on reluctant congregations analogous speculative views by ceremonial symbolism, when the Church of England is silent, I think must be apparent to Churchmen in general. By the word 'sacrifice' also is not meant by Anglicans a reiterated propitiatory offering made once for all at Calvary, but only a commemorative pleading of the meritorious death and passion of the one holy victim, offered by himself as the great High Priest on the altar of the cross, , ? ? i - ? ? Even so from all parts of Christendom . and in all sections of the body of Christ there are souls moved by the Spirit of God sighing for rest and peace and fellowship one with another in the 'Gospel of Christ — the Dollingers and ffyacinthes-^traable to build up their faith on the novel basis of Roman infallibility; yet, weary of the strife of tongues set- loose by individual judgment, and issuing in the uncertainty of private opinion. The old Ca tholic party, like the Reformers of the Church of England, are seeking in the witness of the : Primitive Church to the Holy Scriptures; in the ! consentient interpretation of them testified by the earliest creeds and the anti-Nicene Fathers, ; in the antiquity and universality of traditions truly Apostolic, a reasonable and assured ground for their beliefs. We wait with patience for the issue) as we watch the progress of that move ment in enlighteHed Germany. That light will prevail over darkness and scriptural truth over human inventions none can dtfubt who believea that Christ as a Son reigns over the household of God, and that by His Spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified. In witness of the spirit of unity now prevailing among the Protestant Churches, I have to call your attention to a proposition emanating from members of our Church at home, aud approved by M. Merle D' AubignS, viz., to devote a week to special prayer during this month of May for the increase in ourselves and amongst Protestants of personal religion; for successful resistance to and victory over Infidelity and Rationalism; and, finally, that Roman additions to the Gospel and Church of Christ maybe taken away, by the conversion of many of that communion; who, believing in God, know not where to Jind teachers that shall lead them to the fountains of living water instead of the .broken cis terns of human invention. Believing that the Apostles received plenary authority to buildup the; Kingdom of Christ, and full instructions concerning the things of that Kingdom; be lieving also that the doctrines and order of the Church in which we have been 'baptized and have grown up, tested by Scripture and Church history, are, as near as may be, in accordance with those of tho sub-Apostolic age in the first century, we dare not treat them as matters in different, to be compromised away or openly abandoned. ' . ' Notr then, in the spirit of worldly pride or sectarian bigotry, but conscientiously, we hold them, because they afford the best basis of friendly reconciliation among the Churches, and of 'resisting on the one hand the assaults of nationalism, and on the other the usurpations of Ultramontane Romanism!' ** General Conference at Sydney.— Another illustration of this longing for unity is afforded by the proposed meeting in September next of the Bishops of the Australasian dioceses, with representatives from the several Synods, in Con vention at Sydney— a measure long desired by this Synod, and which, by God's blessing, may strengthen our hands in working for Christ and Hiskirigdomi as well as cheering our hearts by brotherly sympathy ia the bonds of the Gospel.' 1 '? ' l ' ' ' ? ' .'A.^ELAIDE.11 '. '.. ' ' . ' Business Meeting., . ?'; . j ? . ? The meeting for the disposal of business, was held at the Church Office/Leigh-street, in the afternoon. There was alarge number of clergy men, and laymen present. . » The proceedings were' opened by prayer by thetBishqp. , . . .;, ? ; . ,['??' THE SYNODAL ROLL. , The Synodal Compact was signed by new members, and the roll was made up. as follows : — ? ' . ; ? : ; Holy ' Trinity, Adelaide— Rev. Richardson Reid; Synodsmen- Win. Gosse, H. D.; Holmes.L ? Christchurch, North Adelaide — Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, MX : J. Bath, W, W. Blyth, J . S. Bellhouse, A. B. Cooper. - . ? . ' St. ' Luke's, Adelaide—Rev; , J. Pollitt ; J. ?Williams, G. Colyeri J. K. Hawthorn, R. H. Edmunds. ? , , St. Paul's Adelaide— The Very.' Rev. Dean Russell; W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, S. C. Pearson, G. M. Turnbull. . , ' . St. Paul's Port Adelaide— Rev. S. Green; H. Duncan, H. D. Cruttenden. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. T. J., Smyth M.A.; TV. S. Moore, W. T. Cooper. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A.; J. E. Moulden, A. Lloyd. . All Saints', Hindmar&h;— Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. H. Catchlove. St. Margarets, Woodville— Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. E.DeMole. St: Andrew's, 'Walkerville— Rev. Canon Dove, M.A.; J. Acraman, C. B. Young. St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W. Meredith, J. HowelL St. George's, Woodforde — Rev. A. Honner; H. P. Denton. St. Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. Hy. Read, M.A.; N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp. St.1 Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie; J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road— Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; E. Thornber. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill— Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; T. J. S. O'Halloran, St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. Thos. Field, M.A.J R. B. Colley, N. Bljth. St. = Stephen's, Willunga— R. G. Jay. St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga. St. James's, Blakiston — Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.jB.Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker — Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; J. W. Gower. St. Thomas's, Balhannah— Rev. H. J. Poole, M. A.; Thomas Pugh. \ St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs; W. H. Lewis. Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev. J. M. Donald son; Frederic Wicksteed, H. Scott. St. Mary's, Kooringa— M. MacDermott. St. Jude's, Port Elliot— A. R. Addisori. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— Rev. W. A. Clayfield; W. S. Douglas. St. Teter's, Robe— Rev. H. Howitt ; J. A. Fergusson, H. H. Thomas. . Christchurch, Gambierton— A. Blyth, H. K. Hughes. ........ 1; St. Thomas', Port Lincoln— N. Blyth, G. W. Hawkes. Christchurch, Yankalilla— Rev. C. W. Morse; Henry Dutton. All Saints', Moonta— A. Spence. St. John's, Macclesfield— Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echunga— Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Riverton— John Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn. The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee for union with Synod: — Emanuel, Chinkford— Rev. J. Houghton ; G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's, Bungaree— Rev. J. A.Boake, B.A.; W.L.Beare. . St. Barnabas's, Clare— Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A.; J. Hope. - The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod, but are included in this list to give status on the roll to the clergymen :— St. John's Auburn— Rev. C.: W. Hawkins. St. John's Salisbury— Rev. WV Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch— Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A. '?? ?''??? -?' ! ? ?-?'? ' ' St. Jude's Brighton — Rev. H. Williams (Deacon). Chrifctchurch, Strathalbyri.' ' \ St. Peter's. Collegiate School— Rev. Canon Farr, M. A., Rev. J . C. Haynes (Deacon). Narracoorte Mission. . THE STATE OF THE DIOCESE, The Bishop read his report on this subject as follows v— The Diocese had hardly recovered from the loss of Dean Farrell and Archdeacon Twopeny in 1869/ and was again recruiting the number of its clergy by the accession of the Revs. C. W. Hawkins, C. G. Taplin, and F. W. Marshall, when early in 1871 the health of the Rev. D. J. H.^ Ibbetson gave way. Compelled to relin guish duty for a time, he sought to recover his health by a voyage to New Zealand. The vital powers, however, were fatally impaired, and on his return he lingered, with few intermissions of pain, unta in August he entered into rest. By his removal two important congregations were left without a pastor, but by the kindness of the Archdeacon and Canon Farr, together with the unflagging zeal of the Lay Readers, services were supplied and the Sacraments duly ad ministered until the incumbencies could be filled. St. Bartholomew's was placed under the charge of the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and the Rev. J. Smyth succeeded to St. John's. The separa tion of these cures has had a beneficial effect. A new parsonage has been already built and occupied in the former parish, and the congrega tion considerably increased. The difficulty of finding an Incumbent for St. John's was greatly enhanced by a heavy debt Imprudently contracted in building the new parsonage, and at the present time a heavy mortgage on it threatens to alienate both house and garden from the Church. I doubt the propriety, if not the legality, of so dealing with properly placed in trust for Church purposes, and at all events it frustrates the object for which grants were obtained from the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Meanwhile, the important cure of Kapanda was filled by the Rev. J. M. Donaldson, late minister of Mortlake, in Victoria, who, I trust, by ability and patience, will overcome the difficulties inherent in a cure which comprises a mining township as well as scattered rural population. Two other incumbencies also became vacant in the course of last year— Blakiston and MagilL The temporary inconvenience thus caused was removed by the appointment respectively to these cures of the Rev. Henry J. Poole and A. ? Honner. St. Mary's, Sturt, and O'Halloran ' Hill, have since fallen to the charge of the Rev. J. Leslie Smith, and at this time Moonta and Wallaroo alone are vacant.* . ? . Such rearrangement of parochial charges' is not unattended with much trouble and correspondence, but I am not without hopes that . some benefit . results from such occasional changes. It is gratifying to me to be able to report the completion pf a spacious church at Strathalbyn, to which the Rev. F. Shney Poole was unanimously invited by the congregation. It forms the head station of a large missionary district, comprising Wellington, Langhorae s Creek, and the Lake Plains. I am thankful that this widely-settled agricultural district,' as well as the important town of Strathalbyn, have been placed under the charge of an energetic and capable, minister. Brighton, also, which is growing every day to be a favourite summer retreat from Adelaide, enjoys the advantages of a resident curate in the person of the Revl Hartley Williams. In Lefevre's Peninsula the Rev. S. Green, with his usual energy, has suc ceeded . in building and' opening a mission ' school and church; and at Bhynie, as well as Myponga, new churches are in course of erec- '. tion, although the deficiency of the harvest may probably delay their completion. -We must bow to the will of Providence, which has seen good to curtail the produce . of our fields; and so rptard our designs for His glory. Port Wake-1 field and Lacepede Bay have been added to the number of our mission stations, and quarterly services are held at Blanchetown. Sites for Churches are secured at Penola and at Port' Wakefield, and should trade prosper at the latter valuable shipping-place, we may hope to see a Church commenced there at no very dis tant date. , ?'-?- 1 With regard to missionary labours, I have to, reportthattheRev. C. GoodenoughTaplinvisitedx* at my request, Streaky Bay and the stations between it and Port Lincoln. .The Poonindie Institution afforded valuable assistance towards this missionary tour, and Mr. Taplin reports; vfaU of the kindness and thankfulness withwnich. his visits were- everywhere welcomed. The absence of the Lay Reader, Mr. 0. K. Richard .sdn, whom illness compelled to seek medical advice in Adelaide, lendered Mr. Tallin's comingstillmore timely and acceptable, and such ?visits I must endeavour to supply more fre-J quently to the Western coast. The Rov. C. Morse also from time to time visited Kangaroo Island,' but his failing health of late has sus pended for a time his valuable labours among' the island settlers. On the other hand, Canon Dove has made three /visits to .the district north of the Bronghton,' where- there should undoubtedly be settled a resident .'missionary. Until, however, one can be found worthy to tread the steps of Arch deacon Twopeny, it is more acceptable to the. settlers that an experienced' minister, possessed ; of [spiritual zeal and Christian gentleness, should occasionally visit these out-lying portions of our population.' I, do trust, however, that, with reviving prosperity and iacreasing commerce, Port Augusta and the missionary stations will call for and support reasonably a resident minister. I know of no place where true Christian character and evangelical energy would more surely reap an abundant harvest of souls. TheBlinman and Prince Alfred Mines have also received visits from Mr. Dove, and these visits, though rare, have not failed to encourage the serious to hold fast to their pro fession without wavering, and awaken others to repentance, ? To these missionary tours I may add those which I myself have been at liberty to take during the past 12 months. From Bun garee and the Burra to Glenburn and Port Elliot in the south; from Mount Pleasant to Port Wakefield and Moonta on the west; and again in the south-east to Robe, Mount Gambier, Penola, Narracoorte, and MacDonnell and Lace pede Bays. In several of these places I have held confirmations. For such extended pastoral visitations, however, the number of our clergy — 38 and one on probationary employment — is all too few, even including my own ministra tions. St. Peter's Collegiate School I thankfully acknowledge is yearly adding its quota to our clerical body, and I am well satisfied that they not only meet the requirements of the Diocese, but in general qualifications for the ministry of the Church of England and theological knowledge they are not behind the ordi nary supply of Literates from Eugland. It would be very desirable, however, if from the Mother Church the Diocese could receive from time to time a highly- qualified and accomplished minister. Some such might probably be found willing to emigrate; but they will not feel called on to abandon ministerial duty at home, as well as friends and country, on the mere chance of a precarious provision for themselves and families, and that, too, with the possibility of being rejected by some Vestry or Committee. The congregation which desires to live under the care of such a pastor must not only raise fund3 for the passage, but also give a reliable guarantee that- a competent income will be supplied. Few men are likely to resign a settled endow ment income for the precarious and fluctuating stipend gathered only from pew-rents and fees. The life -incumbency, however, of endowed parishes at home has its evils, and fails to meet the emergencies of a young country, where the changes of popula tion are often rapid. A mining population, for. example, of 16,000 souls distributed in distant townships, replaces in a few years the lonely sheep- walk, and the missionary suited to the latter may be ill able to meet the exigencies or cope with the difficulties of the former. Offences, also, will from time to time arise, and, although no charges of immoral conduct, heretical doctrine, or breach of ecclesiastical rule can be sustained, congregations may be broken up, and the Ministry of thfe Word harrassed by unwise or unguarded conduct. I see no reason why such conduct as is unbe coming a clergyman and gentleman should not form the subject of enquiry under the Synod, as well as the analagous enquiry which takes place in Her Majesty's army. The very possibility of such enquiry would go a long way to prevent its occurrence. Instead of discontent spreading and growing until a congregation is weakened or divided, enquiry might result in the removal of the grounds of offence, or lead to an exchange of incumbency. At present it requires what is tantamount to the formal pro cedure of criminal law to remove an Incumbent from his benefice. Absolute power of ejec tion, on the other hand, vested in Trustees or lay deacons, degrades the pastorate of souls; while the vacating of missions triennially weakens its influence, so far as that depends on the indivi dual minister. t I commend the subject, therefore, to your thoughtful consideration, as well as the need of a fund for superannuated Clergy. The missionary operations of the Diocese during the past year are classed under two dis tinct heads— those which concern our Abori gines, .and the aid afforded to the Melanesian Mission. The Poonindie Institution during the past year has increased its numbers without im pairing the moral and religious tone of the inmates, bred up for the most part on the station!. Including a camp of bush natives, em ployed partially in clearing land for agriculture, above 100 aborigines were under the religious influence of the Superintendent, Mr. Holden. Mr. Taplin, on his way to Streaky Bay, visited and inspected the institution. He expressed a very favourable opinion of the state and habits of the generality. ; At KiBgston, Lacepede Bay, Miss Armstrong has also carried on a native school. The children are few in the school — do not exceed 12\. When visited lately by myself and His Ex lencythe Governor, those present manifested very great intelligence and 6ound instruction. The wooden schoolhouse, built of weatherboard, is much out of repair. The shingle roof admits the rain both to the storeroom and sleeping place of the native children ; while the weatherboards, being warped, make such draughts that the open air is leas likely to cause catarrh than such a sleeping apartment. The weatherside, at least, of the roof and house should be covered at once with metal, if the school is kept on. It is not the fault of the mistress, Miss Armstrong, that more children are not attracted to it. The Rev. H. Howitt, who visits Kingston monthly, is very decidedly of opinion that this school deserves support. I know not where on the south coast a better spot ? could be chosen as a missionary centre than the ' head-quarters of the Maria Creek tribe. It was there th&t; the survivors from that ship-wrecked, vessel fell victims to a barbarity not !eas cruel than that which has compassed the death of our lamented Bishop Patteson. The South Australian Government of that day felt called on to make a terrible example of those natives and the . treacherous cruelty of the Nakapu islanders in their use of poisoned arrows, has provoked from one of H.M. ships of war a still more fearful retribution. It is muph'to be lamented that the cause of evan gelical missions should thus apparently be mixed up with. such military executions; but cruelty, treachery, and murder will in these days, as of old, bring down summary vengeance upon the' tribe or nation which habitually culti yate; those . dispositions. Even-handed British justice, however, should sweep from the seas those . manistealers and kidnappers who for filthy lucre entrap the savage and reduce him to unwilling bondage. Let us hope that these disastrous events will hereafter open a large and effectual door : for ' missionary enterprise among the Melanesian Islanders. The school in Norfolk. Island is larger than ever before; nam pering in all 153 Melanesians, drawn from all the. islands. over nine decrees of latitude. In Mota last year the Bishop baptized 293 infants and adults;. 17 lads of George Sarawia's school; and 41 grown up, mostly- married men and women. ; To Canon Vidal the Bishop wrote:—' 'fPray more than ever for. this little, Infant Church and George Sarawia.' /The work and character of our dear brother and lamented Bishop' Patteson can never be forgotten by the members of this Chnrch , and Diocese. His*praiseis in all the Churches; he himself with the saints in glory. But we have been invited to contribute .towards some memorial to his name — and what memorial so good or so dear as to support. and extend his mission? Our resources are not great. To bur power we have contributed to it. ' By God's help we will con tinue to do so. .The want of a new mission ship, in whichito carry on the work, is the most pressing at this time. In addition to our usual subscriptions'some otus.may be disposed to aid in this way, and so enable his co-workers in Noifolk Island .tbi preach the Gospel of peace in those places where the Bishop died as a true soldier of the cross; thus- exemplifying his own living character and the' real nature of that bliessed Gospel which he sought to propagate. The savage will then/learn to discriminate the messenger of peace from the sword-bearer or thje freebooter. He will then fly to the former as! a friend and succourer rather than /with remorseless cruelty slay one whom he had .once known and honoured, and then' be 'guiled to his death. In conclusion,' 'I;' may remark that in spite of death and transfers of clergy to different oures, nearly all the statistical returns show an increase. There are 'more churches and congregations, more communicants, more confirmed, more sittings, let, more funds raised. The Sunday scholars have slightly decreased. I commend this last point to the careful consideration of the Incumbents A On their selection of good teachers and able superintendents depends, under God's blessing, 'the good behaviour and the numbers of those who are brought up under the* nurture and admonition of the Church. '??- : Lastly, I have the pleasure of stating that, through means supplied by the Attorneys of the Propagation of the Gospel Society, the Hospital, Destitute Asylum, Magill Industrial School, as well as the Gaol and Ilfracombe Reformatory, will be supplied with stated ministrations from the city and suburban clergy. ?? -'- TIMES OF- MEETING. The days and hours of meeting were fixed the same as last year, it ? being arranged that there shouldbe an adjournment for refreshment at 6 p.m. / . BEPORT OP STANDING COMMITTEE. . The report of the Standing Committee . was read, with the other reports found below it. W& have condensed it as follows, omitting portions referred toby ^he Bishop:— '..'..'' 'The Standing Committee desire to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past year. : 'Clerical Incomes.— Finding that the grants in aid of the incomes of some of the clergy are reduced by the fact that certain contributions in aid of their income coming from other sources than pew-rents and the weekly offertory are not subsidized under the existing scheme of grants in aid, they recommend that where there is an offertory at every Sunday service every pound paid to the incumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let. 'The Committee now proceed to those matters which have from time to time arisen during the past year to claim their special attention : — ? . ' Baroness Burdett Coutts.— To this lady, who : provided the endowment of the See of Adelaide, they have thought it a due mark of grateful respect to forward a letter of congratulation on Her Ladyship's accession to new dignity, and. this has accordingly been done. 'Lady Edith Fergusson.— A letter of cbn aolence, expressing the deep and universal sym pathy oi the Church with His Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson in r his bereavement, has been addressed to him, and he was pleased to signify his appreciation of this; mark cf esteem for Her Ladyship, whose loss we all deplore. , , . .:.,.- ' Bishop Pattewn. — The representatives of the Melanesian Mission have likewise been addressed in a letter of condolence iii their, grievous bereavement in the loss of thisvgreat missionary Bishop, with assurances of continued and, if possible, increased assistance in the work of the mission. . , ?? .. ' 'Synodal Expenses.—^ They are happy to re port that the amount received during tha past year has, within a few shillings, been equal to the expenditure. All the churches at, which regular services have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Penwortham. They recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the exception of St. Paul's, Adelaide, which! is raised to the same clas3 as Trinity and Christichurch, North Adelaide (No. 7); and St. Luke's, Adelaide, which is raised to Class 5. They also recommend that Port Augusta and Enfield be placed in Class No. 1, at £1 per annum; and that Lfndoch and Williamstown be reduced from Class 2 to Class 1. . 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— They furnish balance-sheet to June 30, 1871, and also a progress account lo April 30, 1372. They have to report that the appeal for the increase of the Guarantee Fund has not yet been very success ful; they hope, however, to be able ts report more favourably by the end of the financial year, June 30. They regret to state that, as anticipated in their report of May, 1870, the rate of interest has materially decreased, and at this moment there is a considerable sum un invested. u Table of Collections, &c;— They furnish a table showing the amounts received from each church for the various funds (including the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund to April 30), and this amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes. This account will be found to compare favourably with that of last year :-—.-. Received- 1871. 1872. Synodal assessment ...£140 0 02147 .0 C General Church and /? Home Mission Fund... 148 15 7 173 14 S Mission to the Heathen . 117 8 2 124 11 11 Paid- ? ' Y V ''?'??' '?'' Clerical incomes ? 490 310 612191] General Church and Home Million Fund.— They are happy to be able to report an improve ment ia this fund, the amount collected oaring! the year being (inclusire of £5 3s. special contn butions) £173, as compared with £148 for 1870-1. This is in a great measure owing to the system of receiving at the offertory on the first Sunday of every month an additional amount 'generally Is.) wrapped in paper to distinguish it from the general collection, and also to the Fact of special collections having been made for the same object. *' They are glad also to report that they have been enabled, for the first time in five years, to pay full scale in aid of clerical incomes for the tialf-year ended December 31, 1871. 'Mission to the Heathen.— -There is also an improvement in the amount collected for this Fund, being £125, as compared with £118 last rear. Only 44 out of 65 churches have con tributed anything towards this fund. This is perhaps to be accounted for by the fact that the proceeds of the collections have in some instances been handed direct to the Treasurer Df the Melanesian Mission. 'Endowment of Churches. — They are happy to be able to state that, owing to the liberality of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society, they have been enabled during the past year to endow partially the Churches at.Kapunda, Belvidere, Chinkford, Bungaree, Glenburn, and Gambierton, and to complete the endowments of those of St. Mary's, South-road, Walkerville, O'Halloran Hill, Kensington, Mitcham, and Willunga. \- . ? . . , 'A. Adelaide, 'f Chairman of Standing Committee. ? ' Adelaide; May2, 1872.' * Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin has been nomi nated to the joint cure. 