SPIBJTUALISM DEFENDED. TO THE EDITOB 07 THE AUQ.C9. Sir,-I should have thought that one of the first conditions of controversy was that you should not distort or misrepresent your opponent's statements or arguments. This, however, is what "Apemantus" has done from the beginning, In my first letter I spoke of the brain of tho medium being deadened. "Apemantus" immediately assumes that mine was the brain alluded to. I correct this mistake on his part, but ho refuses to take notice of the correction. A "deadened brain" is such a capital subject for mild facetiousness that ho will on no account relinquish it. So he returns to it again and again, and frolics round it like a kitten playing with a hall of worsted. -When I have skimmed all the feeble jokes off the surface of his last letter, what remains ? The assertion that "my experiences with the higher intelli- gences are easily referable to automatic brain action." Certainly if my own brain were in a "cataleptic or deadened state," or were in an abnormal condition ia any degree, such a line of argument would ho admissible. But it breaks down in view of the fact that my mind is all the time I am in communication with spirits normally active, normally healthy, and normally undisturbed. These communications have taken place in the presence of a dozen people, have been ad- dressed sometimes to each individually and sometimes to the whole company collectively. But then, it may bo said, these communica- tions, after all, may emanate from the mind of the medium ia a condition of exalta- tion, hysteria, or derangement of some kind or another. I had an opportunity of testing this at a very early stage Of tho inquiry, and at the risk of being prolix, I must beg leave to detail the circumstances. I was conversing with the spirits one day at the house of the medium, when some one knocked at the door. The servant was ab- sent, and the knock was repeated twice. The spirit motioned me to answer the knock. I did so, and found a man at the door who said that he was going to Now Zealand by the steamer that morning, and wished to know if Mrs.-had any message to send to a friend thero. On re-entering the room tho spirit, interrogated me with his eyes, and I repeated what I had been told. Tho spirit pointod to pencil and paper, and I wroto at his dictation : ' ' Tell Mr. C. that-(speaking of the medium in the third person) is quite well, that she will write to him by the next mail, and that he is not to come to Melbourne until we impress him to do so." I gave the message, and the man departed. I resumed my interrupted conversation with tbo spirit, and continued it for an hour. When the spirit left, and the medium returned to herself, I studiously avoided all reference to what had taken place, feeling sure that if she were conscious of it, natural politeness would prompt her to apolo- gise for the trifling trouble I had been put to in answering the door. Nothing of the sort. I then made a guardedly vague and oblique reference to the circumstance, and vigilantly scrutinised her countenance. It expressed genuine mystification. I then stated what had happened ; and the state- ment was received with undissimulated incredulity. She evidently believed that I was making her the subject of a practical joke, and it was not until I gave her my solemn assuranco of the fact, and repeated the message, that she accepted my narrative as trustworthy. I have had many other oppor- tunities of testing her unconsciousness, and invariably with the same results. When I have asked the spirits to describe her con- dition, they havo said, " She is, and she is not." Seeing, then, that the oral communications I receive from the spirits do not originate in the brain of the medium, which is perfectly inert while tho spirit has possession of her, how aro the phenomena to be ac- counted for? It has been suggested that there may be some reflex action of the brain of the person conversing with the spirit upon the torpid brain of the modium, some un- conscious cerebration going on in the former which is-so to speak- photographed on the latter, and reproduced by her. This assump- tion is as groundless as it is fanciful and speculative. It has more than once happened to me in conversation with a spirit to find all my mental faculties employed in following up a train of thought opened by my interlocutor at the very moment he had passed on to speak of another subject, so that I have had to bring my mind back with a jerk, as it were, to the new subject, and have been obliged to ask the spirit to repeat the first words of the sentence. I have been asked to define, what is spiritualism? I reply that it is a revelation of the unseen world-a romoval of the veil which has hitherto concealed it from the oyes of the generality of mankind. That unseen world environs us on every side. I cannot better illustrate its nearness to us than by the words of the spirits themselves-" You have often walked by the banks of a river ; you have often seen the fishes swimming in its depths, 'they moving in their element, and you in yours. Thoy wero unconscious of your proximity and presence. We are just as near you as you were to those fishes, and most of you humans are still unconscious of it." In the second letter of "H. G. T.," when I have winnowed away its Podsnappery, I find very little that demands a serious reply. Like " Apemantus," he resorts to misrepresenta tion. He makes the spirits speak of this as a "howling wilderness." They have done no- thing of the kind. The word employed was "human." Is it or is it not so? All the | platitudes about " a land flowing with milk and honey," " smiling homesteads " and "sunny landscapes," cannot blind us to tho fact that an immense amount of misery and wretchedness, vice and crime, ignorance and depravity, exists around us ; that there are hundreds of persons who never taste cither the milk or tho honey ; and that against the Claude Lorraine pictures of " sunny land- scapes " are to be set some so gloomy that the pencil of Rembrandt or Spagnoletto would fail to do justice to them- so gro- tesquely squalid that Callot never depicted anything more miserable. " H. G. T." should have accompanied your special reporter to the cheap lodginghouses in this city ; he should have extended his explorations to the tea-tree scrub on the other side of the Yarra ; he should visit the earth- holes in which tho female troglodytes of Ballarat burrow ; he should investigate the mysteries of Romeo lane and Bilking-square ; and study the natural history of our larrikins and larrikin- esses, before he ventured to write so glibly about this Paradise Regained of ours. So far from decrying or disparaging the earth and our earthly life, the spirits are con- stantly expatiating ' on tho beauties of the former, and assuring myself and others that this is capable of beiug made "a little heaven bolow, " if we will only diligently study and affectionately obey those natural laws which God has framed for the express purpose of promoting our happiness and accelerating our progress, both here and hereafter, In- stead of denouncing our present home, their complaint is that we are blind to its wondrous beauty, ignorant of its structure, apathetic to the lessons which are capable of being taught us by the great book of nature, porvorsoly neglectful of the sources of true happiness which lie around us in measureless abun- dance, and living exactly as if this minute fragment of eternity were tho be- all and the end-all of our existence. Ten days ago a spirit said to me, " We sometimes bring with us angels from other planets, in other stellar systems ; angels who have never lived, as we have done,' on the earth; and they can scarcely credit what they see. When we explain to them what is the span of human life, and show them what are its occupations, its chief ambitions, and its highest rewards these angelic visitors exclaim, 'It mast surely be a planet of mad people,' and they wonder how it is possible for us to continue, to work in the face of such difficulties and discouragements, in a moral wilderness like this." "H G. T.," in reply to what I said about rain-producing trees, which was the substance of a conversation which took place three months ago, points out that a fortnight back a paper was received in the colony describing tho effect of tree-planting in the Island of Ascension ; and cries out with an air of triumph, " Does not every intelligent school- boy 'know this." Of course he does, without being either "intelligent," like "H. G. T.," or " a schoolboy " in any other sense than that I am always learning. I may claim to have been the first to point out through the public press in this colony, some 14 years ago, the danger of disafforesting our mountains, and the importance of planting trees in the more droughty districts of Victoria. I had also read the greater part of what has been written on the subject by Castellani, Marsh, Schouw, Clavé, and others, but 1 never remember to have met with any account of a tree possess- ing a special power of attracting rain, Nor do I find this attributed to the Melia Aze daracb,which " H. G. T." flourishes in myface. "H. G. T." challenged me to produco some- thing new that the spirits had communicated. I did so, and he rejoins, Oh, that "is an utterly nnprovable hypothesis." What were all the laws of science before they wore fully ascertained and firmly established? When Ampère, in 1820, suggested the employment of a galvanometer, a battery, and lines of wire, for telegraphic purposes, was the sugges- tion to be discredited because the hypotheses upon which ic was based "existed in poetry " before the magnetic or electric current ",was recognised " ? " H. G. T.'s" intelligent school- boy might have told M. Ampere that Addison had referred to it in one of his essays as having been foreshadowed by Statius, I think, 1,800 years ago. As to the spread of this " pernicious hallu- cination," which is the faith of 20,000,000 human beings, I do not think it is likely to be "swept into the limbo of witchcraft and other manias" by anything I have read from "H. G. T.'s" pen in opposition to it ; while I am bound to add that the real question at issue—Spiritualism versus Materialism—has been stated by none of your correspondents so logically and lucidly as by "M. C," I am content to stand or fall with spiritualism tested by science, convinced as I am that the domain of the latter will be immeasurably enlarged by the assistance of the former, and that what the opponents of spiritualism now designate as the supernatural will turnout upon investigation to bo the hitherto uncompre hended natural.-Yours obediently, J. S. TO TUE EDITOR OF THE ABODS. Sir,-Although very much has been said upon this subject, which now so fully occu- pies the public mind, it appears that there is one point omitted to which it may be advis- able to refer. When " J. S." first commenced the controversy he seems merely to have advanced his own testimony as to the know- ledge that had reached him, giving at the same time the best explanation in his power of the method by which that knowledge had been obtained. Every person, I imagine, can do nothing more than thus testify to their individual experiences on the subject It will be of no avail endeavouring to lay down laws and rules of interpretation of tho ways of nature, whereby we are to be guided in following the path which leads to truth concerning these matters. Such a course would only result in leading us astray, and in confusing the efforts of others in their search after the right knowledge. When an individual man gives his own experience of what has reached him in the pursuit of any study or investigation, then there can be no room for cavil or doubt, excepting, of course, on the questions of his truthfulness or the soundness of his intel- lect. When men of practised ability in analysing evidence-men of cultured intel- ligence, and of more than average skilfulness in distinguishing truth from error-when men like these address themselves to an inquiry respecting a now discovery or revela- tion, such as wo will for convenience sake term spiritualism, then the prospect of their arriving at sound conclusions is most reasonably to be expected. If, in addition to the mental fit ness and training referred to, these inquirers are persons of good character and freo from any imputation of insincerity or a desire to lend themselves to unworthy motives, then the prospect of a happy result of their labours is individually increased. Now, I observe that not one of those who have assailed "J. S." has adduced a suspicion either of his ability to investigate the matter or of the quality of the motives by which he is actuated. And yet they find fault -because be confines himself to the only really valuable evidence of the great truths be has been examining, viz., his personal experiences and the in- formation that has reached his mind directly, whether through the eye or ear. "J. S." does not waste time and space in wandering up and down in the wilderness of nonsense and misrepresentation in which his opponents appear to have lost themselves. He leaves omitted all theories and specula- tions as to why this and that occur, or for what reason such and such things do not happen tobo different ; and he simply confines himself to giving his personal testimony of what has reached his own knowlodge in the manner he describes. Now, Sir, I take it that this plain courso which has been followed by "J. S." places him in a position of great advantage-at any rate in the view of that section of the public which possesses tho judicial faculty of mind. Tho question is being tried before a jury of the public, and tho public will give their verdict solely on the evidence.-Yours, &c;, _ ORA. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AHGUS, Sir,-I venturo to ask you for space for a few observations upon the letter of "J. S." on the subject of " Spiritualism Defended." "J. S." admits (if I understand him aright) that he himself was in the first instance suffering from "disease," which " higher intelligences " applied themselves to cure ; that therefore, when he commenced the study of tbo intelligent manifestations of spiritualism, he was in an " unhealthy con- dition of body," which he says is " of course unfavourable to the healthy operations of the mind." Am I not farther justified ia deeming that he was scarcely in a fit or desirable condition of mind for entering upon the investigation, when I find that, though aware that he was in this unfavourable condition, he trusted and accepted tho conclusions of his own or another's-(shall I say, deadened ?) -brain, though directly opposed to those of his previously more healthy (I trust) condi- tion ? Would it not have been wiser had " J. S." in the first instance endeavoured to place his mind in a condition for performing healthy operations by applying (to remedy the unhealthy conditions of his body) to such intelligences as the highest and healthiest of human intellects have generally agreed to prefer for such a purpose, as having made pathology and physiology their special study ? On what grounds did he jump to the conclusion that, for the special purpose of attaining to a healthy condition of body, the intelligences to which he has applied, through the deadened brain of a medium, are really higher? He has not ever so distantly alluded to any such grounds ; but our intro- duction to his higher intelligences is certainly of the abruptest. By his own account, are his higher intelligences any other than the human media themselves-with deadened brains? What possible ground has he for assuming the existence of any other intelli- gences behind or operating through the media with deadened brains, but the simple.asser- tion of those media ? Can objection, then, be taken to the acceptance upon his own asser- tion of Mr. Fisher, of Nunawading, as a higher intelligence ? But ' 'J, S." speaks of the moral principles or ' othics inculcated by spiritualism, not only as identical with those of Christianity, but also, as more peculiarly fitted to be characterised as Christian by the expurgation from its' creed of the doctrines of the godhead of Christ and original sin ! Without staying here to inquire into the relations of purely theological dogma to morals or ethics, or what proportion of tho body of spiritual- ists holds with your correspondent the identity of Christianity and Spiritualism, I would ask "J. S." whether, without these two important dogmas, Christianity could only be called Christianity ? I am satisfied that 99 out of 100 Christians would scout tho propo- sition. And I would ask "J. S." whether Spiritualism, in adopting as its own the sup- posed most advanced current morality, is not exactly copying every other religion or new speculative system ? Was not nearly all of Christianity—besides the dogmas indicated— all at least which is really ethic—as much inculcated by Zoroaster and Buddha, centuries before Christianity was ever heard of ? When will religion founders, setters up of strange gods-when will men in general perceive that all that is new in such systems, is simply dogma? and that the morality or ethic which, to give themselves and their theories credit i and respectability, tbey adopt almost intact, indicates accurately the amount of social de- velopment which mankind has ' at tho time already attained ? The apparent exception which occurs to me as likely to be, adduced concerns the relations of the sexes. But those vary with different religions, and are evi- dently determined mainly by climate and local custom. " J. S.'s " customs, habits, and education probably differ sliKhtly.from those of Mr. Fisher, but how much may not the difference be lessened by correspondent condi- tions of diseased bodies and deadened brains 1 The only practical or plausible reason givon by "J. S." for his adoption of spiritualism appears to me to bo that he observed its bene- , ficial effect upon others. But I challenge him to prove the relation hero of cause and effect Thousands of men reform their lives without changing or acquiring any religion. The most potent causo of reformation is, I am satisfied, experience of the disastrous effects of dissipation in the destruction of health and loss of status. And, even if reformation were synchronous with chango of religion, much stronger evidence is necessary to provo that the former was not duo to the, I considerations I'have indicated. Spiritualism can claim nothing distinctive in recommending man to seek to understand whence ho came, where he is, and whither he is going. Every religion-and -pre- eminently secularism-recommends the same. To labour for the good of others is also ¡a principle common not only to every code of morals, but to every ancient pre-Christian mythology. . , 1 In "J. S.'s" second letter, I rejoice to find that he thinks that if the intelligent pheno- mena of spiritualism can be explained by natural causes, the fabric must fall to cureless ruin. I have long believed that the. method here suggested is the only one' calculated to satisfy the generality of spiritualists of the possible fallacies of their system, and to that I am devoting my attention, not without some prospect of early success. Of that more in due time. "J. S.'s" inquiry of "H. G. T.," why Christianity-the fundamental principles of which concurred with those or Confucius, Buddha, Brahma, and Plato-provoked the antagonism of faiths, whilo its morality ap- proved itself to human consciousness, I have already indirectly answered. It is that the morality or real ethic of each was wholly - distinct from and adopted simply to give credit to the dogma. Men never fought as to whether theft murder, or lying, wore good or evil. Dogma is the only bone of contention, for both its variety and its special charm arise from the same fact-that it approves itself to, and Hatters and developes tho vanity and egotism of man, furnishing him with various methods of projecting, personifying, adoring, and loving above all things, but without appearing to do so, his own speculative imagination. "J. S." really seems to have achieved a climax of absurdity m the proposed meanj of producing rain at will I Is it to rain inces- santly while his unknown tree is growing ? Must it be cut down or uprooted to permit the sun to shine again? Fortunately, the diversity of human kind is not to bo extinguished by spiritualism, and our salvation from a uni- versal deluge-nay, from any interference with natural weather-is guaranteed by the consideration that spiritualists-who noto- riously hold the most radically antagonistic deductions from their own principles, as I have found both in them and their text books-will never be able to agree as to tho weather to be planted and grown. By the bye. can the mysterious tree be a weather- cock? and was tho deadened brain of the medium or the spirit sarcastically chaffiug "J.S."? Seriously, however, I hail the progress and discussion of spiritualism as supplying one of the greatest needs of the human intellect in the present age, by inciting it to general activity in a channel where hitherto indivi- dual resistance to the sluggish but dominating current has been equivalent to self destruc- tion, and yielding to it an abdication of intellectual vitality. The speculations of spiritualists interrupt this stream of (well, not thought, but) professed belief, and tend to remind men that progress is up, not down it ; that laisser faire is therefore retrogression ; . that merely to profess opinions that they have been taught, is really to dishonestly call other men's thoughts theirs-not to think and « speak their own thoughts ; and thus it ulti- mately though indirectly tends to purge from - their intellectual operations a disingenuous * evasion of responsibility in thinking that they would spurn and abhor in their busi- ness transactions. Let not conservative thinkers feel alarmed at the liberties taken in this discussion with popular beliefs, or even with those held sacred. Nothing needs to be sacred that has inherent truth ; nay, to allege the sacredness of any position or belief, is simply to admit that it is utterly indefensible otherwise. Such liberties will probably be laid at the door of free thought But there is no such thing as free thought. It is not really a question whether thought shall be free or enslaved. It is whether there shall be thought or no thought-not a question of quality but of quantity. The rationalist is as much a pro- duct of his age and conditions as the irra- tionalist No one has any choico of his thoughts, or all would think porfectly and alike. Thought is but a process by which/ impressions from without are converted (in nndeadened brains) into expression by tongue or pen. Free thought is a misnomer. Anyone who has observed human nature sufficiently to perceive that be has nothing which he has not received-that he can no more give himself intellectual qualities than he can add a cubit to his stature, and that to use or cultivate those which he possesses, ho must first feel a desire which he cannot give him- self-must recognise that his thoughts cannot be excepted from tho category. They are produced in bis particular susceptible brain by such natural objects as do not,' perhaps, affect his neighbour at all. But not to think -and his own thoughts too-is to lay by his most precious talent in a napkin ; and what will his Lord say to him when he cometh ? If there be any, truth in spiritualism it will come out ; if not, incalculable good will result from the discussion if it load mon to revise and fix on a better basis their' vague notions of mind, soul, and spirit, which, so far as I have been ablo to ascer- tain, are as baseless and irrational as those of witch, ghost fairy, and magician.-I am, Sir,, yours obediently, Q. 