DICTIONARY EXOERPTA. . ( CorouiU'l for the Yass Grammar School Maaazine. ) Braggadocio (from Braggadocchio, the name of a vain-glorious knight in Spenser's . "Faory Queen"). Ono who boasts inordinately. Bull (bulla, a little round seal). In the Roman Catholic Church a letter, edict, or rescript of the Pope, publishod as a decree. The bull is written on parchment, and provided with a seal (of lead, gold, or wax), henco its name. Cacoethes (kakos, bad, ethos, habit.) An in ordinate propensity, as cacoethes scribendi, an itch for scribbling. Ccesura (Lat., a division.) The pauso made in the utterance of a lino of verse, dividing it, as it wore, into two mombers. The best place for the ccesura is after the fourth, fifth, or sixth syllable. Canaille ( Fr ., rabble). The mob ; the "pro- fanum vulgus." Catholic (kata, reforring to, holos, the whole). Universal, ombracing the whole. Caviare (Germ., caviar). A food prepared (mostly in Russia) from the roo of the sturgeon, or other fish. It is considered a great luxury, hence Shakspoaro's line: — "'Twas caviare to the general " (Hamlet) ; whoro " goneral " moans tho common run of people. Cedilla (Fr., cedille.) A small mark placed under the lottor f to denote when that letter is to be pronounced soft. Cento. In poetry, a piece wholly composed of tho vorses of otbor authors, wherein whole lines, or half ones, aro set down in a now ordor to doscribc a subject diflorent to that in which they wore originally employed. Chancellor (cancclli, crossed lattice work ; henco, an onclosod tribunal). Tho person who presides in any tribunal. Tho Lord High Chan cellor of England is, after tho Sovereign and the princes of tho blood, tho first person in the realm. Tho Chancollor of tho Exchequer has the control of tho national revenuo. Cancellation , Irom the same source, means crossing out. Superstitious Habits of the Queensland Blacks. — A privato letter fi'om thoRov. E. Fuller, missionary at Frasor's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, has boon placed at tho disposal of tho Brisbane Courier. Mr. Fuller gives interest ing particulars of tho work of tho mission, and gives an account of the blacks' prejudices and superstitious notions. Tho mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in-law at any time; they beliove that if Bhe did he would go mad, and would go and livo in tho bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all como together to sing at school time, after being taught in tho classes, thore is groat covering of heads by the women who happoii to see their sons-in-law there, and you will see them " backing " into their placos in. a most laughable manner. Tho son-in-law, at tho same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from his mother's gnzo. The young men will not sit down on the same stool or box, or in fact any where, where a young flfomaa hits beeu sitting at any time. They imagino that tho young woman would sicken and die if thoy did. So that wo have to havo one form or stool for the ladies, and another for tho gentlemen. Tho shadow of tho young women must not pnss over the slooping placo of the young mon. If a schoonor is passing tho mission about sunsot the natives will sometimes throw sand up in the air and blow with their mouths towards tho sun, in ordor to mako the sun go down quickly, and thus compel tho schooner to como to an anchor for tho night in tho channel near the mission, and enable thom to go on board and obtain tobacco, biscuits, &c.;, which the captains gonorally supply thorn with. A man cannot marry a woman bo- longing to his own tribe, nnd tho childron are supposed to belong to the " mothor's tribo." As a rule tho natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of thom to give any definite reason why thoy will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down to thom by thoir forefathers, and liko nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they enn raorely soy it is so, or such is tho case, &c.; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assure mo that thore are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rulo thoy ore frightened to go down to tho creek at night tima. They beliove that thore is a devil (raellong), but thoy have no idea of a God. To give you an idea how tho natives havo decreased in numbors, since thoy have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say : — That on this island, which is about eighty-fivo milos loug by twelve broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet thore ore no less than nineteen distinct tribos. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly whita people, have made such havoc among thom that the tribal bond, in many instancos, is almost obliterated. And like a few Bheep left from many flocks, thoy amalgamate as a last resourco. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost diod out, the strongest man, or the greatest bully, "takos upon himself" to be No. I. Although the aborigines wore not in the habit of smoking bofore the arrival of the white man, yet now, since tobacco has boon introduced among them, they are groat smokers— men, women, and children. A little girl or boy, about two or three years old, may be soon with a pipe in its mouth smoking tobacco ; yea, they assure me that sometimes the mother will even tako the breast out of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at the townships, and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarcely ever out of their mouths when they aro awake'. And again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but nlso take the trouble to teach them how to play, so that we not only have to preach the gospel to them, but also to preach against card-plaving, for they get so engrossed in playing them" that they will not leave them to come to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of the land which they look upon as individually theirs; on the death'of tho father it descends to the sons. They are cannibals ; they oat the young men whon they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it was before the white men came. When a person dies they skin him (old mon and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and carried about by one of tho relatives as a sort of charm. Tho bones and othor parts of the body are divided nmong the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body, and carry tho ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come np and some times kill their enemies. They generally shift their camp whon one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who th»y positively assert has extractoa rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c.;, from natives that were sick; they al30 affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth hero and come out again at some considerable distance off ; they also say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. Distressing Suicide at Richmond, near Mel bourne. — A suicide of a vory distressing character was committed in Church-street, Richmond, on the night of Thursday or the morning of Friday last. The unfortunate gentle man who has fallen a victim at his own hand was for some time acting as assistant to Dr. Wilson, at Richmond. He was Dr. Honry A. Hobbs, and had been for a little over twelve months only in the colony. No reason can be guessed at which could have led him to commit the fotal act, but those in intimate intercourse with him have for some time lately noticed peculiarities in his manner which induce a belief that his intellect was affected in some way. Dr. Ilobbs lived in a house close to the church of St. Stephen, and was attended by a housekeeper, whose husband also lives in the house. On Thursday morning she called him for breakfast in the usual way, and received no answer. She called him again be tween 10 and II o'clock, and still receiving no answer she went for her husband, who works at the Union Brewery in Richmond. He came, and on opening the bedroom door he saw blood on the bed, and noticed the legs of deceased pr> jecting from under it. He did not disturb the body, but immediately sent for a constable, who called sergeant Grant, and that officer, accom panied by Dr. Graham, proceeded to tho house, when it was found that deceased had been dead for Borne time. On the bed was fouud a cose operating knife, the blade of which was clotted with blood. An examination showed that deceasod had three wounds on his left wrist, two of which had severed an artery, and so occasion ed death from bleeding. On the floor, beside tho body, was found a photograph of a young lady, a resident of Richmond, blood-stained, and which had evidently droppod the last thing from the hand of the dead man. On the mantelshelf also in the room was found a half-ounce phial which had contained laudanum with marks of bloody fingers on it. Writton evidently with the fore finger on the wall with blood, at the head of the bed, was the word " Persoution," in characters of about 2 in. long. The deceased had evidently meant to write "Persecution," but requiring a further supply of blood to complete the word beyond tho first four letters, his memory or strength had fuilod him, and he missed the letter " c." It is surmised that he had then left the bed, and crawled underneath, as whon found he was wholly under it, with his head close to the wall, and under it, by way of pillow, the canvas cover of a portmanteau. The clothes of deceased were found lying properly disposed of as is usual when ono retires to bed, and carefully laid in the tray of the bedroom candlestick was his pipe, the smoking of which had evidently boon his last_ act before inflicting tho wound which led to his death. No papers, or anything tending to show any reason for this strange suicide have been found. Deceased, who was aged twenty-eight years, was a sober, steady- living man.— Daily Telegraph. An inquest was hold, by Mr. Candler, the district coroner, at the Vine Hotel,, Bridge road, on Saturday, when a vordict was returnod of suicide whilst of unsound mind. The Alluvial Diggings at Charters Towers. — The Hon. the Minister for Public Works and Mines of Queensland has received tho following telegram, in reply to a request that the com missioner at Rnvenswood would telegraph a full report of the new find at Charters Towers :— " Ravens wood, September 9. At the commence ment of the lead on the edgo of a flat at the Burdekin full, the sinking is about four or fivo feet, with threo feet of washdirt ; it runs up a gully about a mile; the depth of tho sinkings is gradually increasing to thirty feet. Tho lead crosses tho gully two or three times, and over the saddle of the hill. It has been traced about aquatterof a mile on the Broughton fall. On the sides of the lead the wash prospects are about two ounces to the ton, and gradually improve towards tho gutter, which averages about six ounces. The miners are stacking the washdirt, as they have no water. In the last claims in which gold has beon struck the washdirt was only eighteen inches thick, and the prospects thereforeare poorer; at the places where the lead is thirty feat wide, and thirty-four feetsiak- it has baou lost, and is supposed to liavo jumped or run out. The miners are now sink ing for tho lead, and I think there will bo good alluvial gold found, as well as many more roofs, ns Boon as tho wot season sots in ; but a rush now would bo madnoss, as tho grouud'cnnnot be workod at prosont for want of wator. Thoro aro small parties of mon on alluvial ground in othor places, but no othor lead has yot beon found. A ' roll-up ' against tho Chinese is imminent. Mr. Charters has returnod, and tho oscort from Charters Towors arrivod bore last night with 5792 ozs. of gold. — J. B. P. H. Ramsay." What is It? — For the past oight or nine days an animal has made its eppearunco at the place known ns tho Giant's Cavo, at tho Pound Crook, .which has causod nearly ns much oxcitoment as tho much talkod of but seldom soon bunyip. Some of tho persons who havo seen it pronounce it to be a monstrous wombat, othor say it is n native boar, whilo others again say it is a gorilla. However, whatever it is, none have boen ablo to got within reach to have n cut nt it with a stick or a shot from a gun. It is to be soen gonerally of un evening, sitting on one of the rocks which in this placo abounds, and upon the approach of any individual makes a chattoring noise and immediately disappears amongst tho rocks or into a hole, and thoso who have boon in pur suit cannot find its secrot abodo. Last even ing there wero many lads nnd others who wore on the look out for it with tho hope of a capture dend or alive. — Braidwood Monitor. Tracking a Nativb Dog.— a story has just been roportod to us which in itself is ns suc cessful a record of the acute tracking capabilities of tho aboriginals as wo have over hoard. The dingoos had boen piayicg sad havoc with the lambing flocks on Bolderodgery run, and a black- follow employed by Mr. Spnrkes, the superin tendent, determined to at all events visit some of the destroyers with condign punishment. Ono morning he found a nurabor of ewes and lambs dead in the yard at Ten-mile Ridge, and thence he tracked for a mile and a-half a native slut to hor lair in a hollow log. He blocked up and set fire to the log, and tho result was that when tho log wa3 nearly destroyed, the charred remains of the slut, threo puppies, and the heads of about twenty lambs wore discovered. The slut must have taken the lambs to her pups. The blackfellow certainly desprves credit for the acuteness with which he tracked and put an end to the marauder. — Dubbo Dispatch. Oadlb Messages. — The Press conference would not overlook the cost of Press messages, and the obances of the Government recouping itself for the subsidy asked for, but it may be useful to state publicly how the case stands. Thus the Argus for fifty words a day will pay about £10,000 a year, with a cbanco of being recouped only in part by giving the message to such other newspapers as can afford to buy it. The Government could obtain a message of sixty words for £23 I7d. GJ. per day, and, assuming that the adjoining would join in this subsidy, the same message could be sent to ail newspapers throughout South Aus tralia, Victoria, New South Wales, and Queens land. If, therefore, one hundred newspapers, scattered over the four colonies, would agree to pay tho simple intercolonial rate of one penny per word for sixty words, the Government would receive daily £23 for that whioh cost them £23 17s. GJ. The difference of £1 2s. GJ. per day would pay the expense of collecting the news, and concentrating it in London to be forwarded by cable to some centre to be agreed upon in Aus tralia. In this way a great public boon would cost this country only some half hour per day of the time of so many telegraph clerks in receiving and despatching sixty words every day as the message arrived. This could be dona if it is necessary that the Government should be re couped, but we are of opinion that this ought not to be insisted on. —Ballarat Star. Mining near Gundagai. — Mining matters con tinue to progress favourably. Morony's reef, Jones's Creek, stands well in popular estimation, and we hear good accounts of Hodson, Corbett, and Co.'s "Comet" claim, No. 2 north. This party have got through the jumble they were contending with, and have opened out the crown of a rich reef, which thoy conclude to be a con tinuation of the Eclipse reef, situated between tho Bushman's Daughter and their claim ; they consider that Morony's reef is also in their claim ; but they have not yet opened it out. The party in No. I north are about to leave tho shaft they have been sinking, supposing it to be merely on a side leader from the main reef; they can see in their claim tho jumble of the reef that the party in No. 2 north are on. Work has been resumed in the prospectors' claim. Tho accounts as to the Bushman's Daughter reef arc encouraging, and warrant a boliof that it will eventually prove a success. From Muttama wo learn that the Enterprise Company continue steadily at work, and have abundance of payable stone in sight and to gross. About thirty tons of splendid stone have beon raised on the prospectors' claim of the Eijroka reef, which it is proposed to form a company to work thoroughly, and tho appear ance of the reef is improving as it goes down. Work is proceeding briskly at tho Hopeful Trio Company's ground, Cemetery Hill, Spring Flat, with encouraging indications, and a claim has been taken up by a party above thom, who hope to strike the same reef. The new improvements which the Adelong G. M. Company, Stony Creek, desired to have oflected in thoir machinery have retarded its arrival ; but it has now started from Victoria. Hawthorn and party aro working away at tho prospectors' claim, Campbell's meadow, and the other claimholders are awaiting tlra result .of tho trial crushing of thoir stone, which will Bhortly take placo. Tho various claims at Johnson's Hill and Kitno aro continuing operations energetically. As respects the Wheol of Fortune roof, South Gundagai, wo may state that the following results havo boon obtained from samples from the various claims, which a gentleman resident in this vicinity recently took to Sydney and had assayed thero. Stone from No. I claim yielded at the rate of 3 ozs. 5 dwts. per ton ; from No. 2 (Hawthorn's) 4 ozs. per ton ; and other samples from difi'eront parts of tho reef-S ozs. 7 dwts. per ton. As only very minute specks of gold could bo seen in some of the samples, and none was visible in others, the above may be accepted as a fair avorage of what the reef will roturn, and as the stone is plontiful and easily got it should pay woll.— IHmes. St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, Albury. — This building is fast approaching completion, and, wo understand, will be oponod for dedica tion on Sunday, the 24th of November. We have on sovoral occasions given descriptions of tho design and dimensions of the building; it is, therofore, unnecessary to again allude to tho edifice in those respects, but wo must say that the boldness of finish reflects the utmost credit upon those who havo been engaged in carrying out the work. On tho occasion of tho oponing, we have beon informed on reliable authority, that the Catholic Hierarchy of Australia will bo fully represented, nnd that Father Kolly, S.J., will preach the dedication sermon. — Border Post. Barristers' Quarrels. — Tho ' compliments " frequently paid to each other by the learned mem bers of the Bar are usually looked upon as mere by-play, given and taken as matters of cuurse, and never again thought of after the case out of which thoy may arise is disposed of. But sometimes tho personalities engaged iu strike deeper, and are more sensibly feit than persons outside the court imagine. During the recent sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions the business of the court has been considerably retarded by interruptions of this kind, and language of an unseemly character, and quite unsuited to the dignity of a court of justice, has been used on several ocaasions. For instance, we were not a little surprised to boar one member ol the Bar saying to another, in open court, " If that learned gentleman had suid .what he has now said twenty years ago, when duelling was in vogue, he or 1 would have lost our bead ; and may te he would not have said it now, did he not know that I am an old man, and have bad very little to eat for two days, and am consequently very weak.'' We think that scenes of the character alluded to are not very reputable in a public oourt, and that soma steps ejttg'4 bo by tlio judgo to prevent their repetition. In the oaae hero alluded to, no fuel was added to the fire alreadv kindled, or some further unpleasantness would probably have occurred, which, however much it may have amused ' outsiders," would not have been very creditable in such a place. — Bathursi Free Press. Mr. Charles Nathan, F.R.C.S. — Our obituary records tho removal of, Mr. Charlos Nnthan, an event which multitudes will receive with rogret, and many with sorrow. Ho has long been familar to tho oyo ol our citizens, pursuing his laborious profession. His bright and pleasant countenance was seen in all quarters of this city, where his professional duties called him by night and by day. Long established, tho circle of his patients included many settled families, with whom he had boon familiar as tho sympathising adviser and cordial friend. Many who have grown to maturity include his name and pro fessional labours nmong thoir earliest recol lections. Hundreds have had the consolations of his prosenco in tho most solemn ovonts of life, and in tho moat awful crisis of thoir domestic experienco. Those who knew tho kindness and tendornoss of. his heart will feel that it is no ex aggeration to say that ho rejoiced with those who did rejoico, and wept with tho mourners. For many years ho was constantly in attendance upon the public hospital, and willingly gave the advantage of his suporior surgical skill to the poor. This ho ofton did independently of hospital arrangomonts, and without feo or reward. Our dopnrted friend, we fear, was a martyr to tho profession of which he was an ornament. Some time ago ho performed an operation, nnd by an accidental wound became exposed to n poisonous contact. Aftor some surgical remedies tho wouud hoalod ; but tho virus seems to have lodged in tho system and gradually produced that constitutional depression from the conso- queuces of which ho has sunk. Tho intenso pressure of his profession preventod him having rocoHrso to remedios which ho would hirasolf have prescribed, and ho therofore foil a victim to that which annually destroys multitudes of precious lives — of mon overworked by incessant toil in the same routine, unable to find substi tutes who can supply their place, and who are therefore impelled onward until nature can bear no more. Mr. Nathan's final illness was not protracted. Ho relinquished his practice soma five or six weeks ago, aud died on Friday last at noon. Mr. Nathan" practised his profession upwards of thirty years, and at the time of his death hod attainod the fifty-sixth year of his age. During the long period of hie residence in this city he gave the invaluable assistance of his great talents to many public institutions. To the Sydney Infirmary more particularly has ho rendered eminent sorvicos ; and he acted as honorary surgeon of the Sydney Female Refuge from the date of its establishment. He took an active interest in educational as well as philan thropic movements, and as a tuomber of tho Senate of the Sydney University and a Fellow of St. Paul's College participated in tho government of those institutions.— S. M. Herald. To Dres3 'Possum Skins.— The process re quired i3 a tawing rather than a tanning one. Tawing produces no chemical change in tho gelatine of tho skin dressed ; but as it requires the removal of tho fur or wool, it is not the method for 'possum skins. The best plan to adopt is to follow these rules : — First, catch tho 'possum ; secondly, skin him ; thirdly, dry tho skin thoroughly iR the sun ; fourthly, woll soften the skin with a small quantity of salt butter rubbed energetically in; fifthly, damp the skin and thoroughly flesh it, romoving all super fluous matter; sixthly, put the skin, with othors, into a box full of sawdust, and trnmplo it well; seventhly, sprinkle it with whiting ; eighthly, beat and comb tho whiting out; lastly, and to conclude, rejoice over a drossed 'possum skin. — lass Grammar School Magazine. The Brig Carl. — In roference to tho kidnap ping case against certaiu individuals connected with the above vessel, we learn that tho Crown law officers of New South Wales have not yet decided what course to adopt with regard to Dr. Murray's connection with the brig Carl, but that it is certain that he wiii oitber bo prosecuted in Sydney or sent over to Melbourne to be dealt with. Some doubt scorns to have arisen as ti> whethor Dr. Murray should he tried in New South Wales, the Carl having boon the property of a Victorian owner, and having sailed from a Victorian port. It appears that tho vessel left Melbourno for Levuka with a full passenger list, thero being thirteon men, oloven women, and three childron on board, and also carried horses and other cargo which completely filled tho hold, and thore was nothing whatevor in tho aspect of the ship to justify the Victorian officers in de taining hor. It was not until alter she had ob tained a labour liconso from tho British Consul at Levuka, and when at Tanna, that tho brig was fitted up for tho recoption of Polynesians. Thero are throe persons now in Victoria who left Mel bourno in the Carl as passongors — viz., Mr. Morris, Mr. Mount, nnd Miss Chapman. The two gontleroen went1 on business from Fiji to Apia, and on returning to Levuka wore witnesses of the worst part of the outrages perpetrutod on tho Carl, against which, thoy ussort, thoy fruits lessly protested. Miss Clnpman left the vessel at Levuka. Tho law officers of Now South Wales havo boon apprised of the naturo of the evidence Mr. Morris and Mr. Mount have ex pressed their willingness to give ; and both gen tlemen will no doubt be called upon to enter the witiioss-box in tho neighbouring colony, at the trial of the mon now under committal. The Victorian police are still pursuing their inquiries in this case, and are in constant communication with the police of Now South Wales.— Melbourne Argus. Imported Bulls.— On Wednesday last two im ported bulls arrivod per train iu Goulburn. Thoy wore specially solected iu England for Mr. John W. Chisholm, ofWollogorang, and arrivod in the colony by tho ship Fiery Cross, on 18th July, sinco which time thoy havo boon in quarantine. The following aro their pedigrees, from which it will bo soon that thoy come from the boat short horn blood in tho world : — Prince of Wharfdale (29G67) : — Itoan, calved 23rd Ootobor, 1870 ; bred by Sir W. C. Trovelyan, Bart., Wellington, Northumberland ; got by Third Lord of Wharf- dalo (26159) ; dam, Young Honeysuckle, by Daisy Bull 2nd (14364) ; g. dam, Honoysucklo 2nd, by Rnvonswortb (10681) ; gr.g. dam, Hop- " atica, by Lonsdale (9S05) ; gr.gr.g. dam, Fuchsia, by Wizard (668S) ; gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Wisoton (2848) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Walter (2811) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Morcnry (2301) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Star (1479) ; gr.gr. gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Wellesley (1571) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Western Comot (689) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by Phenomenon (491) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr. gr.gr.g. dam, by Chieftain (135). Third Lord of Wharfdale was bred by Captain Guntor, and was one of tho celebrated Bates tribe. — Monarch of the Valo, roan, calved March 9th, 1871. Bred by Mr. L. C. Chrisp, Ilnwkhill, Alnwick, North umberland. Got by Mr. Booth's Merry Monarch. (22319) ; dam, Duchess by Wolviston (19163) ; g. dam, Duchoss by Ronald (8507) ; gr.g. dam. Duchess by Guy Faux (7062) ; gr.gr.g. dam. Duchess by The Peer (5155) ; gr.gr.gr.g. dam, Duchoss by Bacholor (1666); gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam. Duchess by Wollington (G83) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dain, Duchess by Admiral (4) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr. g. dam, Duchess by Sir Harry ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr. gr.gr.g. dam, Duchoss by Colonol (152) ; gr.gr. gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by a grandson of Hub- back (319) ; gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.gr.g. dam, by a son of Hubback (319). Tho dam of tho above bull is ono of the celebrated Duchess' family, and sistor to throe bulls which lmd all won the head prizes givon by tho English Royal Socioty, tho Scottish or Highland Socioty, aud tho Royal Irish Society, as woll as two of hor brothors being ' 2nd nnd 3rd at tho Great International Show at Paris in IS55. Merry Monarch, the sire ol the above bull, is one of Mr. Bcoth's h»st. bulla (fcufturii Ucnld, 