t'Ci »n. ! — " 1 ' ' — SANITARY REFORM. " -"Tffli ree'dnt outbreak .of emali-pox in the colonies of South Australia; -Victoria, and Now South Wales, and the appearance of scarletina in a somewhat virulent form amongst ourselves, have raised n flutter of alarm and .excitemont amongst t all classes, which if properly made use of, jmight ..jeaa iq spme, serious, .moyempns, 19 ,1119 airection J bf Sahitary Reform, 'a' 'subject tiioiigii' of 'firsts class importance, ti-edted iii Australia with pcr- verse.and. ,S3stematic 'neglect. , Many.yvurnings ; hav;eTbeo"n;'givdn;r6ml;tilno'.tp, time by .the intro- ldnctionJ of 'contagious disertscsV'.hut ' hiving to the open'-'air ' 6tyle of1 .lifo) '.which tho mild-j ncss of climate 'renders' it 'almost compulsory, c, .pqn .AustraHans to jead,. added - to the .almost " 'liottil 'absence of those impurities,, which more .f „pr|,jless.,vitiate:.;tho atmosphoro. in large;, mana- faoturingi towns and -denSelj' inhabited countries, these fell intruders : :havo; as it wero, boon stamped out and vanished intoi thin air, liko ...Hamlet's Ghost, and people have cheated themselves,' into; the: belief ithat there is no chance of their propagation, and that tho.pjague- spcits can 'have 'no- permanent existence hero. "/ .This; however, ;,'is n delusion and ii 'sriare,; for after all the conditions of animal and vegetable decay- are the same, not in extent .perhaps in this, as in other less favored lands, and it will _ . never do to rely, exclusively .oven on our iji ! pii ,! i." Ampler ether, our diviner air,. i Anil fields! uvesled with purpuroal gleams As. population increases influences arise amongst us that were unltnown when tlie country was in a state of nature, and which must bo counter acted by human agency. The mere prosonco , ...of. civilised man in large numbers, witli the cx-. tonsive operations that are inseparable from :v h(im, "such as tilling tho soil, turning the sod, \ breakihg up the country in fact for agriculture, ' and sibeking it witli animal life, will, as experi ence has proved, change tho conditions of health and disease. Already these cliangos are per ceptible, and perceptibly increasing, and wo submit there cannot be a more convenient sea- ""son'than that of political stagnation upon which we have fallen, to stir up the Parliament upon tho subjeet. There, would perhaps be little trouble, in persuading our legislature to pass strict sanitary laws, hut' tliere remains the diffi- . oulty.iof obtaining funds to work these laws. , ,,It will. not be simply enough to pass those bills , i.' ns in England and the older States of America, authorising drainngo systems and watefi works, and permitting' ' large communities to tax thbmselyes , for that purpose. Our towns are far 'too, young, and small to provide materials — for .such, taxation, even if they wero strong ieriougli' to Tiorrbw. the' mohey at a reasonable , rato of interest. " It was easy for London whon it got legislation ; to spend millions on a main seworage and purification of tho Thames river, -; butiin: Queensland there is 'no towin that could grapple with such a task, and unless it is /made'. a matter of national concern,' our towns , .will' remain unwatered and undraiued, our. rivers polluted; and the public health subjoeted to- all the risks of infectious diseases whenever they 1 "choose to visit; iis. : The only way to get us out . " of ' subli a position is for the Government to .comb forward and, borrow money for - the effectual watering and drainage of .most , of the loading municipalities in the colony, where such wrii»1rer rtVtvi Aiielxr 'nioA/lArl . na line ol»»on/1r ' iaiaw v v aw 14w v "i . 14 ' ( , . 1 partially done to a few of tho ' liirgbf towns. - Tho sums requisite for sffch undertakings could bo gpt- , on, national credit, at , a. low rate, and ouglit to b'o given at cost "price when required, instead of: tho one per. cent, addition as proposed by tho Premier a short time since. 'The State ought never to appear in the light bf an Usurer, but when it is possible' to obtain a higher rat'o of interest from a community than that paid by the State, the exeess should be appliod towards. ... tlie oapitalisation of the original loan, so that ' in process of. time tho debt may be insensibly paid.' , This , is tho ;principle upon which the ,1'mporial Government1 has been for the last thirty years in the habit of advancing money . ' on agricultural lands,, and by means of which much of the, United Kingdom has been drained. . The- same principle .has obtainod in Ireland for public works, and1 is not unknown in the colo-. nip's.,"' for when tlib Melbourne Corporation some "VWRnjiy. yoa&t; 'flgp, ' olyed that the streets of ;, .iilie;towp.sl)ould,;bb made thore apd; then, the j;-. Work, 1 it. will he remembered by some- of our ' 'headers,' "tvas effected by Gabrielli's loan of ''£750,000,' which hns qlipost all boon liquidated '.'jjby ah incrq'fi.spd rate of .interest annually pnjd. 1 .'Tlio;. great: Yan Yean water-works wero the re-, !RuH,!oi'>auothor loan, and have more than paid themsolveB,. bnt unfortunately no bargain was uialo for their "reversion to tho city of Mel bourne,, so. that they have beconjo q portion of i the pnhlic revenue, and aro likely to romain so. The same plan has been followod with tlio IBris- ' bane , waters works;! bnt Bach attempts at con- . tralisation'should be checkod, or wo shall have Government in a few years interfering all over tho country. In giving snch assistanco to tho community tlio Government- should bo liko a nursing mother to it, and always bo ready to withdraw, as soon as timo and strength onablcs the difforont localities to take thoir business into their own hands, arid pay tho debts con tracted during their nonago. Wool News. — Tho English tolegram rocoivoil by us on Friday night rolativo to the riso in wool of 8d. por lb.-. was erroneously inserted nudor Wednesday's intol- jigonop, whereas, it should have boon .".London, Thurs-- day evening, Ootobor 24th." !, 1 The -ENdLisn Mail.— The YaTra yand, &(ioT holng repairod, loft Brisbauo on Saturday at noon, with the Eimlisli mail. Tho Postmaster informs 11s that sho '..will leave Maryborough to.-night; and,; probably h'rrlvo horo by to-morrow nigbt'8 tide, The - outward Euro, peari mail will bo dispatchod by ' tho Egmont via Sydney. V ' -'I'bi ' " i i;1Neiv' Soap BoiLiNa.'--A .'ap-bperqtivo; company, en- 'titled' the jf.Queenslqnd Sonp. ManufaoturiugnOom- ;pa'ny is about, to stqrt ,tho- manufacture of soap: at Allonstown. Tho building is to bo" erected on ' the prouiisosjof (Mr. 1 Patrick Egan, wbo wo;boliovo:is tlio principal shareholder .of ;tbe oompany. Wofail-lto see how two soap factories can pay:in..,Bqokhainpt6n, especially as. tlio proprietor of the ono at present in work, Mr. Boldeihan, is ooritiuuqlly oqmiilaining ;of ; th'oi sohnty patroiiago1' afforded him' by many of | our looal morchants, who prefer the 'imported "article, whioh although', slightly cheaper, is of inferior quality. But competition with" any homo article of manufao- :tur'oi:is'-'always' sur'roundod i witli 'some disadvantages. It is 'difficult to' impross people. with .tho idoa' that; atiy- thing' in the rnariufiiotufirig1 lino pan.''bo ,' equal or su perior, to 1 what1 is'/iinpor tod"! roin , tho .'motlior, pountry. All those -prejudices' rpquiro time, to, remove thorn — there is no reason why.oolouial soap -should not bo as good aB that mado at homo, but overy reason why it should bo better 1 made, seeing that the main ingro- diont, . tallow, is 1 moro . easily obtained ; horo; and at a loss cost, and of a bettor quality, than that manufac tured from it at homo', whore it undergoos adulteration to mako.iip for thic charges !with'-whioh it' comes loaded into, the, British- inarkot,, to enable holderp; to; competo . with Australian prices. In point of faot our local 'soap manufacturer, Mr. Boldemau, who well merits- tho support of all classes for liis cntorpriso, which is caloulatod to render us iudopoudetit of foreign sup, plios, and to very materially -benefit .tho.-.intorosts of' tho place, proilucos an article whioh. is, in, ovary way' suporipr , to; the ; eemiiion soap imported; ;;and if any 0110 doubts our. assertion, thoy .have qnlj' io try liis manufaotoro to become, converts to. our opinion." Mr, - Egdiilias 'tlio same prejndioo_ to figlit' against, but by Ithe produc'tiori bf'n-gobd artiole,1 ho lii'risrt iiltimatoly ovoropmo'it.- "-Tho result of, compotition.wilLyery.pos- . sibly he tboi lowering of ; tlio present price, -and the cortain expulsion of tbo-bomo article' from tlio colonial markets., .-.7;.-;-. - ' . Monthly Summary for Europe,— Gopios of flnr "October Summary forthe out-going Eurppoan Mail, to he despatched by .the Egmont, oun be bad- at- tbo Anous Office. ' 1 '- ' : ; " " Lord Ashley." — -This fast steamor' loft Townsvillo on Saturday night;- having on board 200 return dig gers from Charters' Tovvcr..1 She is' o'xpb'cted to arrivd. to- morrow morning. The Boads.— A 'gentleman, just down from Cler mont, reports to; us that tlio roads are in a sad state. Horses and stock of. every description are lying dead in all directions ; workiug'bullocks are so poor you can practice arithmetic1 oil "their Tibs,1 and water hns bo-, come terribly scarce. Teams aro camped at the Mackcuzie, where they have been for the last two months. The mail coach is unable to carry but a limited number of passengers, owing to tho miserable condition of the horses. This is proof positive of tlie condition of the Clermont road;, as Mr. Bartholomew, tlie contractoi has always been remarkable for the way in which be has horsed liis coaches. Unless rain conies shortly, tho consequen ces of the drought will probably throw the whole of the carriage into the hands of owners of horse teams, and cveu then tho transmission of goods will be not only, 'expensive; but uncertain. : 1 These foists shew how necessary is tlie extension of our line of railway ; people arc apt to calculate tho cost,of such an undertaking without bearing in mind5 that, oven though it should not pay at tlie commencement, that it will do so indirectly, by famiitatingthe supply of duti able goods to their destination up the country, and forgot how much money is lust to the Customs and in interest 011 loading lying unutilised in stores null elsewhere. The detention of wool, tallow and liidcs, whioh ought long sinco to have been in the market and the money turned over anduvei- ngain, are largo sums lost to. trade, and siionld go to the credit of Railway Exuenditnro. ..Castor Oil. — Wo havo . often wondored why our "gardeners andfbgriculthrists have riot seori -the; advan tage of cultivating the eastor- oil plant, as tho oil is of suoh a valuable nature, anil tho plant so easily culti vated. The treo is of a, very prolific nature, and - grows wild hi almost overy part of, the colony. Not- long ago we observed that several plants wore growing- op. the.riyer cmbaiikmeiit opposite Mr. Wildor's, tlie1 leaves, of which wore oagoi-ly , sought by ' sufferers from opthiilmio, beiug considered an excellent remedy when applied as a poultice. At the Acclima tisation Society mooting at Brisbane tho othor day, Captain O'Beilly called attention' to tho groat ini- portanoo of encouraging tlie growth of this plant, as there was a market for any quantity of ieastor-oil at profitable '"ratosi 1 1 He 'believed that' tlio' A.S.N. C6. alone -were consumers to. tho amount !of froiu.bctweon £300 anil £400 per month, which thoy purchased in Melbourne. Tho plant grew as a weed in the oolony, and could liarilly he repressed." Another Snake. — On Friday a large carpet snake was noticoil wriggling itself in tho elmnnel opposite the Loichhardt Hotol, by a person passing, who at once called out " A snake !" Mr. Crniokshank of the aiulux, imuioumbuiy got It SUCK, 1111(1 (JUietly U1S- . patched" his shiakeship;. who when measured; was' Jive feet threo inclios long. : : The Theatre Royal.— Onr old friend Dan Briggs has arrived from Clermont, and we only hope he may be induced to open' the '.tbeatro with his ' company, comprising the inimitable Mat Riley, Mrs. Fawcett; and Mr. George Turner. Wo have been so long suffering from a dearth of amusement, that we fool oonfidont Dan will have no oause to complain, should he deoide on opening the Theatre; Boyal. Siuoo tho -above, was in typo, we have received an' advertisement from Mr. Briggs, notifying tho ro-openiiig of the Theatre Royal \- on "lYedneqilny eyening-fqr a short season, previous to his departure for San Francisco. , Fbinoe of Wales Birthday. — A grand .sailing race will take place on the. river on lltli: November. All the sailing boats oil the river are open to outer for the j mntoh ; tho prize will be worth the entrance. . Saturday -Night.— The town put . on a- more. busy - appearance than we have observed for some time past, - the principal thoroughfare; East-street, being thronged i with people, and all tho shops apparently brisk, with 1 oustomors. We observed many of onr teamsters, ' representing' the carrying ' trade, amongst the orowd, ; a anro. sign of tho scarcity ofr grass , and water on the up eonntry roads, Tho pnhiio-liorises; as usual wore ' liberally patronised by good "-Tipplers, "not Tem- .plars," and all that was wanting to shard the attrpa- : tion with John Barieyeorn. wos Bomo plaoe of , amuscmont for tho populnoe whore a man, after liis I week's hard work, oonlil onjoy himself for nn.hour or 1 Oratorio.— The Philharmonio Sooiety. lins ilevotod ' tho nett propoods of the lute concert to tho pnrposo of obtaining the oratorio - of " Jndqs 1 Maooabeus," a splendid work. , The'tunonnt; £20, -'will he remitted to London by tho outgoing mail, | " TnAiN up the Child, &o.;" — Tlio distressing oxhi- ; hitions that aro occasionally forcod on publio observa tion by that olass of what's tcrmod 11 unfortuuatos," who profor a lifo of infamy to one of respootability, aro sufficiently revolting without tho additional ono of drunkenuess ; but wlicro, as in many casoB whioh - must come undor tho attontion of the polico, those women aro soon in opou daylight staggoring up tho publio stroots with infants, or little moro than infants, in. thoir.. arms, and these helpless. little aroaturos aro troatod.,.by tlioir . -iuhuman mothors with brutal savagery, wo think" that, fortlio Bake of humanity, the State sHonlU intorfcro. The chiiilrdri of those womon should bo" olaimod by the Govormnont for tho Boformatory ScIiooIb. Wo aro constantly sondiug our Missionaries abroad to christinuiso the African savagos ; spending millions to put down a slavo trudo, as if tlioro was nothing to bo dono at homo ; no calls for Missionaries amongst tho savagos of tho white popu lation. What, we ask, is to bo the futuro of tho oliiltlron brought up in the constant contemplation; of vieo in all its undisguised doformity, who soo nothing elso from their oliililliootl, anil who become familiar, through their mother's oxamnlo, with all that can- dogrado and brutnliso thoir young minds ? Is this no field for tho missionary, "for tho rightoous oxeroiao' of that pliilantlirophy whioh airs itsolf boforo tho publio in missions abroad to tho foroigu savago who does'nt : belong to us, to tho negloot of the whito savago who doos ? We havo only to rofor to a rooeut ease, ;in which a largo family of young oliildren wore suddorily doprivpd of all supuort, by the strong arm of the law. imprisoniug"; both f atlior 1 and mother at the siimo time for riotous conduct rind drunken ness, tlio normal condition of these white savagos. If the law by committing a right inflicts a wrong, by throwing those children upon the chance sympathies .of some good Samaritanrtlio law — uponall principles of justice— should, while punishing,' protect nnd it ought to be empowered to interfere in such cases. What is the probable futuro of these children arid others /similarly situated lik'e them, - brought up in these-3 "nests 1 "'of - infamy? " Wo'' lirivo' our refor matories — aro they only for criminals? Would it not be well to remove children to them before t.lif«v iwn.nmn nrtmiiinl.q flioir vnnnir livno nm impregnated with the seeds of sin ; is not prevention bettor than euro ?, -If parciits.ppiily. train-, their off spring to vice, to .become offenders' ngninst tlie State, which , in. lime , thoy; must- be, . and „ show,. :by their habits,, that- tlicy, arc-, unfit, to -liavo-the. cure of . them, , the7 Goveinmeut-i should -take tlie; ' position "of" the parent, and, in doing so, would not only Save mnriy from perdition,'; but -actually turn "the transaction to account;'' ''Our criminal popiilation would then- ' diminish, nnd the,' licavyjcxpeuso to whicli the coun try is put iu criiniuaV prosecutions. , would diminish- also ; besides which;,: instead of taking - from the State, these very children in time would contribute to it, and it must not.be, forgotten, that, ;if the State does not step in loeo pai-entis, these very, children bo-, come not only vioious themselves, but the cause of. vice in otkera. Humanity— about jvhieh we. all prate so much, but. dosq, little'in.'tlie 'right direction— should speak up for these poor.littje infants; iwho nro loft to the tender mercies of tlioir. drunken, debauched and inhuman moUiore. . We siuceroly trust (hat the Premier will giyo tliis matter his Attention, and bring in a bill authorising the removal : of ; prostitutes'- oliildren, as, well as those, whose parents aro openly training 'them up for ri life' of siri, to Reformatory /Schools.,-, , ri: ; , ' '. ' The Ferry Approaches. — Wo observe -that the Cor-' poralion haye begun fencing .in the causoway down to tlie Ferry, a'work' miioh required," 'and. whioh we hope will bo oxtonded to tlio wharf qpproaohos, whore it is much moro wanted, and is of the greatest importance. Either those wharf approaolios should be, lighted up or fenced, , As it, is next to, impossible to discern on -a dark "night, (tlio usual time at whicli steamers arrive), tbc abyss that lies on tlioir riyor siilo, rind over which tho unwary may ho hurled. Town residonts autl per sons acquainted with , the nature of 'thcsoApproaohus may bo ablo to escape the danger lm-king . in their path, but. tho. stranger . .-ortho Aushman who knows nothing of thoso traps, will inost assuredly como -.to grief one' of thoso days, arid .them A. ,who!d .a .thought :it.V Cowabral. — This reefing district is likoly to reooivo ail acquisition to its crushing machinery in tlio shape of a powerful mill, which will. bo. erected noar tho Hiharalan reef. Tho purchasers;., of that proporty have takon dolivory of their vonturo' and intend, wo - are infonnod, at oneo developing tho mine' by putting on a quantity of hands uriilor an expcriericotl man. Sydney capital litis at last found its, way to the Cowarral, and if the Hibernian turns out right — of which we havo littlo doubt— it will reooivo tho atten tion of capitalists who dp not' grudge a fow thousands when a fair''prOBpect''is before them;1- Mr: Ulrich, the Victorian Government' geologist,1, - and' an authority uponall matters coiinocted;with-minerals, has'alrcady given it as his opinion'tliat if tlio ground at Cowarral' and Morinish were in tho hands of Melbourne men that'irameriso'fortunos:woulil be mado out of -it, that somo of tho abandoned tailings lie cxaminod during liis Visit to the Moririish, lie had no doubt would go !.2J. oz. to, tho ton. Tlio quantities ,,of fine gold lost on ; all our, - gold . -diRginga from not-having, tho proper machinery for securing .it, ho'iprononuoos to ho incalculable. ; Upon tho succoss of the working of the Helena depends, the introduction : of more foreign oapital — anil it will come. . - The Bosewood, Copper Mine.— -This property is boing rapidly opened by some Sydney pooplo, who aro sanguine of it turning out one of the best mines 'in1 the North. -. Tlio shaft is at present' cleared anil properly timbered' for -a dopth of- 100 feet. Some' splendid peacook ' ore was takon from the lode at tho bottom of the shaft, wliieh also 'carries with it blue anil green carbonates '.estimated 40 per "cent, for oop- per. There riro at present; about 20 .bands, on the mine, and. under Captaiu Long, are making great' progress in tho works. Broriking out- will shortly he. oommenoed arid , a, - salnplo sent to-rNoweastle for -RmAlfintr. ri ri ' 1 ' .1 - A Morning Landscape. — Mr. Cliriuricy's penoil seems equally at home in both schools— portraiture and landscapo. Of the merits of liis efforts in tho former, the town has liail ample opportunities of judg ing in his excellent pictures of woll known publio and private individuals, on view at Mr. Cruiekshanks, Loichhardt Hotel; of liis efforts in tho latter we should ailviso thom to judge for thomselvos by paying a visit to the Leiohliardt, where Mr. Chaunoy's last pioture of . what we should take to be a ehoiee bit of Bliine sconery, . is on view, in. which the perspective is weR preserved, the water. particularly so,, while the .dispositioriof the light' thrown hy'tlie 'risirigAuri rip'o'ri;,the mountains in tho background, is not only " up to Nature," bnt her different tints appropriately distributed, no oasy task whon wo oonsider . tlie variety , of ,hor hues, and the cunning hand with :. which she "lays thom on Tho pioture labors under thoso disadvantages which had light and that newness, wliieh is almost always inseparable from flatness, impresses tho eye of the beholder. Tho foreground, we take it, requires more . filling in ; tho trees, by heavier shading, would in;- , crease the depth of tho perspective, and the whole- would stand moro out from tho oanvass. If ono of our Wardour-strcot picture dealors at homo had it for a day or two he would give it a look of age, by a little browning baking procosB, that would materially improve its ap- . pearanoo. The pioture is good, and has quite suffi cient in itself to reoommond it. Bathurst Assizes. — Wo learn by intelligence, re ceived in town on Saturday last, that Mr. Richard Sponoer, who stood his trial for niurdor at tho late Bathnrst Assizes, has boon found guilty, notwithstand ing tho able defence of his counsel, Mr, Dalley. Tlioro is somo hope, however, that his sontenoo will he oommnted, ns petitions in his favor are flooking in oneverynide. National SonooLB. — Wo are requested to remind parents that the Primary School rc-commoncos its duties this morning. New Buildinob. — The oontraot for tho erection of Mr. MuUigan's now pramisos in East-stroot lias beeu given to Messrs. Collins and M'Loau, tho prioo being £2450. Wo have no doubt but that Messrs, Collins and M'Loan will givo ovory satisfaction in carrying out tho coutraot entrusted to thom, undor tho super vision of Mr. Voysey, of tho firm of Buter and Voy- soy, architects. ' Fesiae.Drunkards,— Two wpmon.of tho. tpwiiyyorc_ on Sqtnrday, convicted boforo liis Worship for drrinlconness; one of -thorn, MariaWnlton, wasordorod to pay a fino of 20s, or to gpitd'gaol for 14 dayl— tho monoy- was paid. The other, Kate Brown, an old offender; foirfeitod her -bail of £2. s : TeetotaTjIsm.— At a mooting of Good Templars hold at Brisbauo latoly, the Hon. Ohas. Liiloy, Q.O., M.L.A.> in addressing tlio Tomplars said, " That ho would use liis host ondeavors to pass into law auy'riioitsuro that would.Bprcad tlio oauso of temporariop. Tho tiino liad gono by wbou ,a ' man, was . dqspisod who .advooatod ,uuij/»uuuu:uiwuiiiuh. jiuuipiiiiism una .now Dooomo honoured and rospootod/ audi was holdiiip by tlio load- ihg'mon;in all oouhti-ics in the' world: ' 'Ho holiovod this was one, of tho questions towards which n states man should1 direct his offorts' especially in those now eouutries. Ho heliovod that if thoy' got pooplo to ;be sober the work Vras'- ' begqri 1 !of "ri" religious and moral reform, bocauso lie was sur'o thaf'if - thoy' remained intqmpqrato and stUl subject to"tho iiifluoricb of tho gin - palace ' arid7 tho publio house - they 1 would, havo littlo hopo of oitlior inakiiig tiiom 'n religious or a moral 1 pooplo.d i ' 'He1 helievd- that, 'especially in this colony; Good Templarism was !of all tho forms of tho temporaneo movomont -that inost likely to -be1 success ful, bccause Jt1 enlisted in its sorvic.os the social influoueos that proved ail poworfnl for good. Ho strongly dofondoil tho co- operation bf tho ladios in tho movomont, and thouglitr -.it would prove - ono of tho gi-eatost olorrients of success.'- Next to religion, tem perance was, in his opinion,1 tho most important ques tion affooting socioty, and . purtioularly the: working classes. If thoy only stopped away from drink, their powor for good was inoalpulablo. What liad .dobasbd and kept down tho wdrkiiig irioii liithertb ?! Ignorance, they would say, and ho would agrco witli thom ; but-r first of all drtuikoniioss. whioh liad conditcod to koon tliem ignorant. Now tlint tho day of tlio working classes liail como, whon tlioy would ho ablo to assort their po.\yer!auilisoouro themsoly.os,'- or violouco, but by tho force of reason, a fair share of , the>prpiits aporning from the, joint oxortions of capital "rind labor,, it .was .rill- iiiiflortaiit'. .that 'tlio baneful in- flupneo1 wbioh.-hail rbtiiiTlod tlioir progro'ss should bo ;bauibhod!1frp'm 'amongst thom ; other, wise thoy would' loso tllo'glbriou's opportunity tliat wririopbriiug boforo thom. Ho know no s'ufforing lib woiild not endure — nay, ho would sacri (loo . his lifo— if ho thought by doing so ho -could,, bring , about tho univorsal sobrioty of ,tho workirig liiori. ' " i'rik ' Charters' .Tower 'Manslaughter Case. — The Queenslaniler, in reviewing the late manslaughter case: tried- at the Assizes before .the Chief Justice, says; — "It is well at times to temper justice with, nioroy,.: but itf the1 mapslnuglitiir 1 trial at 'Rbckhamp-'' to'n'tlie other 'day, tlib;'ingredieAts''do'flot'rippbrir to us judiciously mixed. A mnu' n'am'ed'ltdid' vv'ris tlicro put upon his trial. for killing in a. figlit a man named. School. The figflt' rirbdo from ri ljiiiiiug dispute at Charters'-ToweiySn whicli:Sehool was so seriously in-' 1 jurcd tlirit ho/died shortly -after., :iFor thiscrimeBcid' ; has been sentenced. to three weeks, imprisonment in ' Rockliampton Gaol, At the trial it was proved tlint. dccoascd died from 'the effects of the fight'; but upon tho pleas of provocation received ; the pecuniary loss to tho prisoner by " being compelled to conic so far for .trial.;" the, mental anguish he liad suffered ; anil taken into consideration the wock passed iu prison" by ltcid, his Honor tho Chief Justice considered tlint a further imprisonment of three weeks' would meet the ends of justice"! l'crhaps it will in tlic orcsent case, for the prisoner appears to have felt his position keenly, anil those who were in Court appear to have been satisfied with tho result of tlie trial. But, not withstanding: those favorable conditions, it seems to to .lis -tlint tlio Chief Justice (lid not look into the effect of liis judgment in tlie manner usual with him. l:le lias made ri precedent which liiay bo regretted deeply: Iu ri community likehurs, whereof necessity n largo proportion of the people must live upon tlie friendly fooling of tlieir uoiglibors, nnil upon tho maintenance of law and order witli but a scanty supply of. tlio! officers who usually givo force to the law; it is . not justice to encourage men to fight out their real -or imagined grievances to the bitter deal h, nnd to purify the victor by imprisonment for a fow wcoks. Through tempering justice after this fashion, ..the gold-liolds of California, and the frontier settle ments of America became the scenes of daily mur kier ; nnd now.. it is considered a, right nnd a legal ..thing to call upon, a man to " Draw 1 " and then to . riddle hini with shot or pound him to n jelly'. In our opinio'n murder in ri flight is none the less murder. In the mere fighting liko dogs a grave crime is com mitted ; the aiders and abettors in which, as well ns tlie principals, deserve a longer term of imprisonment than three weeks. But when a human life is sacri ficed iu tho beastly exhibition, all concorned should- suffer sneli a penalty as . would bo -likely to deter others from similar outrages upon law and common security. , . . .. , ' 'A "Royal 'Tour.— The following; taken from 'tlie Weekly Her, aid, would lead us . to believo that the colonios were likely- to be honored by a visit from their Royal Highnesses -tho-Prinoo and Princess of Wales... The- news is too good to be true, but; should Englanil's.Heir.and; His< Graceful Consort, Ale'xandrai ever jvisit the antipodes, we oan guarantee them a1 right loyal reception. 'The Weekly Herald says : — "A telegram has already appeared on the following matter, .hilt the Southern Cross, Auckland paper, states iii tho following circumstantial way, the fact that royalty :is to visit the- Australian colonies, and1 New Zealand. The Cross states that ' private infor mation of a most reliable and highly influential kind has latoly. been received by a gontlemari inTanrangn. from relations at home, tlint his Royal Highness and the ! Princess of. ; Wales intend 'to-r travel1 eastward, visiting the various, dependencies of the empire in .this .part, of, the globe, including Australia and New ..Zealand. If the i latter place, it may- he: almost cer tain that the wopdrous scenery, of .the: iako . district and hot springs will not be overlooked:' " \- Cruelty to Wives.— Mr. Justice Willes. whom we riro iriformod' "by telegram lias committed suicide, tried, , at the late Lancaster Assizes, a man named Bradley for tho manslaughter of his wife by placing her on the fire. Both- man and wife were given to drinking, and led: a very- unhappy. life. .On the- night of' the 6tli of April they were both drunk. . The wife .about midnight asked. her husband, wlio .was sitting by the fire, for some money for the rent. He refused to give her. any, and at once pushed her away; and- then put.his arms round her waist and put her on the fire, and held her there till the flames were up to her head. Tho jury found tho prisoner guilty, with a recommen dation to mercy on tho ground that the wife's state .of- drunkenuess might, have provoked him. ,- Mr; Jus tice Willes, in passing, sentence, .said he would 'never permit the idea to prevail that 'men had a right to maltreat their wives as they liked, and but for the recommendation of the jury would have passed a heavier sentence. He- was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude." The Irrepressible Clergyman.— Our old friend, tlie Rev,. James Gilbertson, late incumbent of Saint Paul's, Rookhiimpton, cannot— it appears— keep out of print, for we find tlio following in tho Brisbane Telegraph : — V Tlio St'rinthbrp'e Church. — To the. Editor of the Telegraph.— Sir, — - Your issue of tho. 12th instant-has given increased curroncy to-a slan- . :.der on- the Churchiof England congregation at Stan- , i thorpe, which was, first set in motion by a retailer of , 'gossip and other idleitalk-in tlio columns of the Avs- ' tr.alasian. . tTlie slander, is to the offeet that wo lirive hnd.a phurch built. ,but that the.- contractor, cannot get tlie money for hiB work, although the amount of his claim was but £17. This statement is untrue, so far as; the. alleged, , non- payment is concorned. The , contraotors received' an advance of money at, the- outset to .enable, them to. purchase materials ; they received more money, ris' their work progressed ; thoy completed tho building on tlio 17th of September, sent iu their hill for extra work on the 19th, and were jiaid on the 20th. There was no difficulty or delay in- the- matter. Tho amount received by the builders wns £28 Ills, bnt this does not represent tho aotnai cost of the church. , Suffer me to state that as we did not wish to run into debt, or to remnin with out a place of worship, we have built a temporary ehnrch of bark ; it is 26 feet by 16, with a chancel 10 feet by C. Tlie building is floored with pine ; it is | lined with calico, and matted ; it is' funiisheil with ; seats, rending desk, lamps, eliancel furniture, nnd olcctro-plnto communion service, and this. in coudi- j tiou lias oust £80. Wo aro expecting a bell, whieli is paid for, and is, like the communion service, and somo other things, a gift in kind, instead: of in monoy. The amount wc owe on tlio church, in pur chase of land, fencing, clearing, and the like, cannot be less than £160. Tho contractors have written to tho editors of tho Australasian and the Brisbane -Courier, denying that they ever mndc any such state ment r/s has been spread abroad on tho professed authority of 'the contractor.' — Your obedient ser vant;-- James:" Gilbertson, ' Church" of" England- Minister, Stuuthorpe." Tasmanian; Coal. — It improbable that the colony of Trismania will become a coal producing country, judging ffqiu' the following':— Tho Qipps Land Times been allowed the' porusal of acbmmuni-: cation from 1'oBmaniri; It appears that a discovery of anthracite, for, steam- coal;' has boon made on tho sliorcs'of D'Eritrobastreaus's Ciinuiibi." at Long Buy. A lease hris bebri ' taken o'f tho land Comprising 1000 apres; aud'a, company. is about being .formed to work tlie mine., with a. oapital of. £30,000. in shares of £1 cacn ; cans zs. t>a. eacn; at mtorvals of three months. A royalty.'. of ,'onc. shilling per ..ton on tho coal pro- duccil(lias.also to b'o paid, ;vnd the lease is for fifty years. . , .Other. -copimunicfttions speak, of tho ex- colldnt'quality of the ooril,'1 which is stated to give out extreme heat, with; ino' smoke or sulpliur, and with vory little ash. ' The Olive.— 'I'hp following, useful information has been' lately received by the' Acclimatisation So ciety. concerning the cultivation : 'of 1 tlie Olive. We11 strongly.rpcomnicnd .it to those:. of .our friends who intond:ricting 'on' a suggestion we- made in a late issiio/'.to try :' tlie- growth! 'of tlio fruit. - The follow;, ing lottor, accompanying., .donations, appeared in the Courier -" Adelaide, September 20, 1872. . Dear Sir;: -Ity'thii BanqntimA send you a fow truncheons of- - three kinds pf t-Freiicli. olive, -viz : — The Verdalo, 9 truncheons ; the Blnnquet, 8 ditto ; tho Bouquettier, 6 ditto. The : first :tiyo are remrirkpblo as forming ..trees of small gro.wGi, but. of large circular, heads.- Tlie fruit is riburidant early, at 6 nnd 7 years; and easily, gathered ;: that "Of the Verdiile' is good hotti for oil anil green picholiues. The Boquettior makes a /higher ..growth, .-bears its-.fruit in, bunches,: and is an abundant bearer, in l-ioher-soils ; cut at tliis season, I raise tlie plant with, grout certainty in 'this climate, " by'iaying'tlio tr'unehodiv .horizontally, 4 1 or 6' iriehes. beneath the surface, of rather sandy soil, not too rich." At the eiul of. siimmor, or everi later — sometimes not till the following spring— the young shoots will show above the ground. On layiug the truncheon as above, I watcr.the ground moderately, ; and screen it a little from a" too rapid evaporation. ' I hopo these may reach: you in good order,- . Tliby -are ready for plant ing, aud care is taken not to-bruisc the bark. Be cause of the lesser magnitude of tlie trees of tlio Gcrdule arid Blnnquet, -thoy can ' be eyeritually plautcd out at say 18 feet apart only, wlicroas to the Bou quettier -I should say 25 or , 30 fbet, is .not too far apart. I am greatly, obliged in your offer to reeipro-"' cato iu exchange 'of plants ; and, if some day I may happen to visit yonr-coionv. .1 8hnll:filadlv avnil of it. Yoijrs Very truly, Sam Davenport. Lewis A. Berriays, 'Esq.".' '' " ' 1 1 . ' New churches.— Ail :English. journal , says : — " Tlio liflilding . committee., of, ri. bljurbh , called upon a wpalthy member , of , the congregation, soliciting a. subscription toward a new house of- worship. / The! suni lie subsorib'etl disappointed1 them, 'and they told"' !him so.'rit tlie same time' intimating tlint ilr. Jiuks 'had1 given " double the' rimount. '. ' So hp ' should,' 'said the wily gentleman; 'lie goes to church twice as much ns I do.' " W.c arc liappy to say that iu no instance during tlie canvass for tlic building fund of St, Paul's Church wns a similiar reply made to the inexorable solicitations lately made by tho Rev. R.. .Leigh and- Mr.- G. - B. Shaw ; on tlie contrary people gave what they could afford with a willing lioart. 