$irh c oTar:ii trail C*J h ro a t d e THE J.AUXCESTOX T I M E S rniDAY, JjKUAiir 2C, 1872. Tun Dunn banquet ot Hobart Town lias given rise lo nn unexpected controversy upon affairs Tasmauiau. On that fes tive occasion n very distinguished visitor wos present in Uio person of the eminent novelist Mr Anthony Trollope. Everybody had acquired the notion tlmt Mr Trollope is going to write a book, and so crerybodv from the ' Great Lonl Mayor who sat in the chair' to tbe Cabinet Ministers, nnJ Legislators, wore intenl^upon cramming Mr Trollope, not only with the good tilings provided, hut with their Keveral and individual opini nions nfi to what he ought to say about Tasmania. It was a valedictory dinner to Mr Dann and a lodge of instruction for Mr Trollope, nnd although a good deal that mis finiJ may have boon ex ceedingly foolish, it is gratifyirq/to think Ibnt the 'groat guns' of the capital have encli a wholesome respect for the power of letters. ' A cbiel's mnang yo takin' notes, and faith he'll prcnl them,' was apparently realised to the fullest extent, and tho note were offered in abundance although wo should cortaiuly recommend the distinguished observer to receive them cum grant) falis, and to excrciso kje own independent judgment founded on actual facts in any remarks ho thinks proper to make respecting tliis island or its prospects. Of course the iftrairg had a loader on the ban quet, in which it belauds Mr Duun, tells us how ' he rose superior lo himself, £c, £c.' That is the usual and orthodox thing, where public virtue bos to be rewarded, and no doubt Mr Trollope already fully understands (Jut. these matters arc managed in Tas mania in a manner very little differing from that in which ordinary compli mentary 'palavor' is distributed in England. According to Mr Dunn, everything Tasmania!) is a credit to Tasmania, especially everything relating to iU legislation anil Government Why shouldn't a Cabinet Minister say 60 P We fancy, however, that Mr Dunn wouM find very few settlers ready to agroa with him as to the credit riiflnctcd on tbc colony, cither by onr ' statute book, our fiscal legislation, or our land system.' Oar statute book (s made up principally of Acts to amend Acts to amend Acts, -tc, &c;, and (ho Imsincss of our legislation lies chiefly in atuen-l,j:jr or repealing in one session the work done with tolonjn deliberation in the session preceding. Asforcur fjwal legislation, its effect has been to ruin azarf interest jn the colony, and lo drive effective population from our shores ; and the glories of our loud system Are to bo seen in boundless tracts of unoccupied Grown lands, and pages of advcrtiscmontA in tho Gnveniii/itil Gaselle, announcing the sslo of allotments forfeited to (lie Crown [q conscjiucnco of the non payment of instsiuieiits. Mr Dunn displayed a great amount of nis dom in not saying too much about tl,e results of our legislation and Government in these, its most essential features. Ho contented himself with the empty platitude that it was ' a credit and an honor to a young colony.' 'fimrc was one. fea ture at our legislation, however, of which he dcclarnd ' any country might well be proud,' He nlln dod to ourednca tio nsy6t«m, and the ' great j;uns' of Hobart Town cheered very loudly. We don't olwn-o the name of Mr Innes among (ije guests, and Ith absence is to be recrotted, because he could cerlainlv have come out strong on this point. However, there were tho Hon. Dr. Butler, Chairman of the Board of Edu cation, Mr Chapman, Air Wilson, and a whole host of gentlemen who have bail practical experience of Lite beauties of the «yct«ni. Tho Mercury is very strong about Mr Dunn's remarks on this Lend, onii azures ' our distin guished visitor' — that id Mr Trollope — that tlio country will |)arc no cause for regret if he can be insdc ' thoroughly lo understand what our tyetom of education really means.' Then onr contemporary enlightens 'our distinguished visitor' in the following magiiilaqucnt terms : — ' It intif ho briefly described u placing tho rue«n« of cicirjcotary education within the reocli of nil | as Lurdening the State with Hie education of no man's children if the parent is able (o bear the cost ( as allowing no man nble to pay for the education of his children to shirk his duty ; as holding out induce ments to application, and cnccurcgemcnt to talent, by a cystcm of scholarships and exhibitions Unable at tho higher schools for a definite number of years, with a couplo of prizes annually that cnabic tho successful competitors to support ihetnBclves at any British Uni versity during tio customary curri culum. Xhui the prdinary intellect bas at its disposal tho means of a fair edu cation ; while superior talents uai appli cation are fostered, and, as tho reward of tnerit, tho means arc afforded of s^nijng distinction. JT.our system of education really did ajl tlfis, we' should fee) it onr duty to speak very Jonaly ip praise of it, and ta support and foster it by every means in onr power. But the truth must be told. Our system of education is a gigantic shun. It docs not place (he means of tlcmontary education within the reach of all ; il pauperises tho chil dren of the well- to-do, and discourages private schools, while it shuts the pauper children, for whom tlio St&to; should provide, out of the public schools, and it enables very many men well able to bear the cost of educating their chil dren to shirk that duly. About tlio system of rewards wo will soy nothing at present. It has its advantages nnd disadvantages, nnd probably would be in no way particularly objectionable were tlio system of elementary education efficient, and tho finances of th i colony able to hear the charge. lloiv far our system of education brings elementary instruction within the reach of all, Mr Trollopo may see by a reference to the statistics. We have in tho colony (according to the census) 42,443 chil dren between the ages of 1 year and 15 years; 26,141 are between the ages of 5 nnd 15 years, yd only 5,041 attend school on tlio average daily, although thcro arc 1)397 on tho rolls of our 128 publie schools. Probably about 2,000 children may attend private schools, tho balance, between lfi.OOO and 17,000 children, receiving no education whatever, and this in spite of a system the leading featuie of which is compulsory education. In tho streets of our city and towns idle and mischievous children are a nuisance, and in many outlying country districts are numnrons children for whom no means of even elomontjiry instruction is provided. Mr TvoHopo, or any other visitor, has but to raise the surface to see that onr boasted system of education is rotten to the core. Poor Dr. Crow ther has had a terrible doso of Maviiry administered to him because he pre sumed to represent our agricultural and pastoral interests as in a state of almost hopeless depression. But Dr Crowlhnr simply told the truth when he said : — ' Ho traced the absence of prosperity in agricultural matters, as being 'ho result. to a very great extent, of the unskilful labor employed, anil expressed his belief that they need not lonk for success till scientific knowledge was more availed of in fanuiug and skilful labor employed, instead of the old worn out system still existing hero. They all knew tho pas toral interests to ho more prosperous, because less experienced and less ex pensive labor was llecessury.' This statement contains the grand secret of Tasmania's depression. We want effective population ; good men who know how to labor and how to econo mise their labor by the use of labor saving appliances. Such a popt laliou we shall never get until n great and radical reform has been made in tlmt system of government which Mr Dunn and the Mtrcm;/ have praised so highly. That unfortunate Alain Lino Railway I Roems yet as far off as ever, nnil our Ilobart Town contemporary informs us that many people in the south aro getting impatient. We don't wonder at it. All Uie extravagant promises that have been made from time to time have been broken, nnd now when people were nnxiously expecting the commencement of the works sometime during next month, they find that the Directors have not even signed the contract. It is very provoking, but the good people of tbc colony am asked to take comfort. The company has ' writ ten'— written both to the Government and to Mr Dobson, ami it is not for one moment to bo presumed that a company possessing enterprise enough to write two letters, and to pay the postage, could possibly be a sham. The company awaits plans from Mr Wylio and the arrival of Captain Cootc with tlio reports, and then vfo shall see —what wo shall sec ! We have in many prcvions articles exposed so fully the sham by which Tasnimiians are being humbugged, that we feel it quite unnecessary to write another word re specting cither the company or the rail way. We nre glad to see our local contemporary taking up and expressing similar opinions lo onr own about the company, and we don't think either of us will bo found far wrong. The sooner the friends of tho Main Ljnc fall hack upon onr original suggestion, niado so fnr back as September, IRC'.I, and insist upon having the railway constructed as a national work tinder a Government Uistiii Rill, the better will it be for the country. In several English provincial papers recently, «« have observed advertise ments from American colonisation com panies, showing the pains taken by the representatives of the great Republic, to ooctiro tho settlement of their lands by a practical »nii Industrious olaM of colonists. We have before us a copy of Ihe Jitiry Free Press n newspaper published i:i the town of Uury-St. — Edmon is in Suffolk, wborein wctind the following displayed in large type :— 'The emigrant's guldo to Iowa and Nebraska, free by post, twopence ; con taiun particulars of vacant farms nnd good lands for sale at low prices, giving ten j ears' credit. Through ship and railroad lielicU to all parts of the United fiUtcp, pan he obtained at lowest rates from the llnrlington and MJ6souri River Railway Company, 16, South Castle-street, Liverpool.1' We hear much from timn to time qf the liberality of the fourteen years' credit system— the law undor which the very waste lands ot this cobroy may be taken up I hut what attraction can it possibly present to the English emigrant against tho vacant farms ami good lnnds of Towa and Nebraska ut low prices, ten years' credit, dm! tho Burlington anil Missouri River Railway Company ready to convey the emigrant to his farm, nnd his produce, when raised, to a market ? Supposing Hull's guide, or any other gnido to Tasmania wjlh ft;li parti culnrs of pur land laws, scattered bro4 least over England or over the world, what pQMJblo attractiuq can this colonv offer, in focp of Uie fact that when the intending emigrant comes lo enquire, lie discovers that there arc nei ther roads nor railroads, and that Go vernment exhibits no intention what ever of ever making any ? The right of property in Inud is a fine thing — a templing thjijg to Iho English yeoman, especially In an English community — but what is tho use of land in en in tractable country without the means of getting at it ? Emigrants will not bo tempted into that sort of thing, and, if tempted, rjll soon abandon fhcjr newly acquired properties for more pronging pastures. We know veil {l)c great ad vantage which this colony would gain by the influx of a few thousands of, British agticullurists, but we hardly dare hope for so great a blessing, until ihoso entrusted wjlh tho administration of our land policy follow American example, end run either light railways or tramways throngh every available tract of agricultural country, connect ing the farms with shipping places or centres of population by s meant of transit at onoe speedy and economical. When such a policy can be adopted, we need entertain no further fear. Tns uituiia will thou prosper abundantly upon her own resources. Tni I'lSSBNOEB TllilFIC HY THE T.S.N. Company's Srjuucns.— Wo aro ekd lo find that the Tosruauion Steam Navigation Company liave made arrange oients for ruuuing their fino steam vessels between this port and Melbourne inoro frei|iimlly while thu passenger trallic continues so great. The Tamnr, which arrived yesterday, leaves again at 11 orloek on Sunday morning. Tho Der ncnt, which arrives nt Melbourne to-day, trill leave, on Monday, arrive her* on Tuesday, and leave again with the Eng U«li mail ot 4 o'clock on Wednesday uctf , nnd she will leave Melbourne again Saturday, 8rd February. The Titrnnr tvill return on tho 1st nnd leave here on Friday, tho 2nd February. She will leave. Melbourne again ou Monday, tbc Sill, and here on Wednesday tho 7th, leaving Melbourne again on tho lOtli February. This will bo quick work, and as great speed as it is possible for the steamers to make ; but it is to bo re gretted that the rapid system wns not adopted earlier in the season. If it had, the facilities for crossing the Straits would have been so much increased that we should hnyo liod a much larger num bor of Victorian visitors amongst us than we linvc. People desirous of cscapiug from the heat of tho land of gold arc fre quently deterred from crossing to the islouJ of rest when they find the trip crowded with passengers. The greater the facilities and the lower the fares, the larger would be the traffic, and just in that proportion would be the advantages lo the travelling public, the Steam Com pany, and the colonies. The benefits would be mutual all round. Sale of the Club Hotel. — At noon on Monday next, Messrs. Bell and West- brook will sell on the premises, Brisbane- street, that splendid property known as the Club Hotel. These spacious pre- mises were specially built to the order of Mr A. Thompson, on his return from California, for a first class family hotel, and for many years was the leading hotel in Launceston. Though in a central it is placed in a salubrious airy situation commanding a splendid panoramic view of the river Tamar, its banks, and the country north-eastward to Ben Lo- mond. The Hobart Town Royal Mail and day coaches have run to and from the Club Hotel for the last twelve years. When His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh visited Launceston in 1868, the Club Hotel was magnificently fitted up as the 'Royal Residence' of the Prince. The whole building was reno- vated for that purpose and no expense was spared to make the residence fit for the reception of the sailor Prince, and his suite. The hotel is approached by a magnificent flight of steps, with a car- riage-way inside the footpath, and the front is rendered very attractive by a verandah to each story, and the shade of trees and ornamental shrubs. The Club Hotel, Club Tap, and adjoining house and land have been for convenience of purchasers divided into four lots ; full particulars can be ascertained on application to Messrs. Bell and Westbrook. The splendid fur- niture supplied for the reception of the Prince will be sold after the sale of the real property. It would be difficult to name a safer investment in Launceston than the purchase of the premises known as the Launceston Club Hotel. It is so situated that it must increase annually in value with the progress of the town. It was the favorite hotel with visitors from Victoria while it remained open, and they would flock to it again if re-opened for business. The facilities it affords to visitors travelling to and from Hobart Town on the coaches, still starting from and stopping at the Club Hotel, gives it a great advantage over other hotels. The Race Ball. — A committee of gen tlemen has been formed for carrying out the arrangements for a race ball on Fri day, the llth February, Uie day after the Tasmanian Turf Club racos. The Town Hall has been engaged for the purpose, aud the arrangements hare been placed in excellent Uauds. The Tueitbk Itovit.— The new dra matic season will be commenced on Mon day week, the 5th February. wb,!-n the Luunccston Amateur Dramatic Club will r(3*|iroduco,undcrdistinguiBhed patronage, the ever-popular drama, ' Hoy Hoy,' with nearly the same cest of chatacleras ou the provious performance. The amateurs are also rehearsing an excellent farce for that occasion. Mr Baylcstj having se cured the Theatre, he will arrive here on Tuesday next with Mrs GladsUuc. The cainimny, under ll|o management of Mr Thursday, 1st February, and Mrs qlad stanc will make her first nppcnninco in Tasmania on Tuesday, thcSlli, the Laun festnn Cup day. WiTriitnousi; Gold Mining Co. (Kr: gisteokii). — A general meeting of the shareholders in this company will be held on Monday evening at l»lf-;nst 7 o'clock, in the class room. .Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of receiving the balance shfrct ond pcriodicql report of the di rectors and fur general business. Madame Cihisdinis Covfixy. — Aladamc Curaudini sinec her la^t visit to this, her native land, has made n sue cessful tour through the Sandiriih and Fiji Island* and California. The com pany will make their first appearance in tlio Ml of tltc McAlnwiq* institute, on Thursday next, the 1st February. It comprises Madame Caraudini, Miss Kosma, Miss Fannie, and Miss Lizzie pl'Sied singers j' Mr° Walter Sherwin, another well-l|i|oirn nnd highly-popular vontllst i and Mr Henry Gordon, the great liasso and descriptive vocalist, com plete (ho company. Aye believe no hasso who ever visited this colony was so deservedly popular as Mr Gordon. His voice is as flexible as it is i»tvcrlul. InPNCKsrOX AND WkSIKRN lillLWAV. Si'UCAL Tbains.— During the three days' races of the Tasmmiion Turf Club on the (itb. fill, nnd $th Pcbruiry, the usuul mia-Hay triains which now leave I)elorainc at 12.10 and Launccston at 12.30 will not run, but in lieu of these a special train will Icuro Oclorainc daily, ct 11.30 arriv ing at Launcestou at 11.40 a.m. Tlie down special train in the evening, will raiqe at U.g5 p.m. The morning and evening mail trains will continue nt usual. The time table fov the special I rains will be found in our advertising aolumns. HiiidindTivlou's AnimiciK Ci tires. — This compau}' are iinw performing at Ballarnt,and we understand tlic managers intend to make another tour through the interior of tlie continent priorto re- visiting Launreston, Tue BAiLAniT Obickkt Otou Thau. - The gentlemen forming tho cricketing team from tho Uallarat Club arrived by the Tfiinar yesterday and wera received br a deputation of Ijaunceston cricketers. The Hullarnt men proceeded on to Hobarl Town bv tbc mail last night. TtEMiKATiuS oi' Tnr, D. 1 Q. Coii r-Ajiv's Mail Counter.— Tlic Eqglinh mall whloh arrived here, says the .iiyns, per s.s. Bangalore has brought a despatch to His Excellency the Governor from Lord Kimbcrley, Secretary of State for tho Colonies, in reply to tlie intimation given fey the FiPlofW Government jn September last Hint it proposed to retire from its mail contract with the I*, and O. Company at tho end of two years tram that 'time. Accordingly, Lord lumber ley wrote on November 30, 1871, to state that Ilic Imperial postal authorities have notiffod lo the V. and O, .Company tliat their contract for Victorian mails will terminate on September Si, 1873. ' The CrnCF.IuBTicEBinr.— Letters have been received from Sir Valentine Flem ing, says the Menvry, intimating that he proposos leaving London for Hobart Town by the March mail. He may accordingly bo expected here in May, Immediately after which Jtii likely Sir Francis Smith wai deport for England on the leave of absence obtained. The ' Acsthalian Mechanic.' — We have received from Messrs WalchBrotliers and Birchall a copy of the first number of the Juslraliau Meelultw, published at Melbuurnc. The number treats of 'In- vention,' 'Gossiping Chapters on Spec trum Analysis,' ' Tho Industrial and Technological Museum,' 'Intercolonial Copyright,' ' Eider's Doublo-Actiug Stoiiebrealfing Machine,' ?' Douglas's Apparatus for Disengaging Ships' Boats,' ' Victorian Patent Saw,' 'The London Journal of Science ou Patents,' ' Price List of Iron, Building Materials,' ic. This is nn attempt to revive the journal of the same title, commenced and edited by the late Mr Wright about twelve years ago, and which failed, as tho colony wasnot then in ? ncttW condition. The proprietors of the resuscitated journal iave determined to make this attempt to lay the foundation of a permanent mechanic and scientific journal for the Australia*, aud judging from the number before us, we bolievii their efforts will ho crowned with success. In their compre hensive programme they sny : — ' Every, possiblo effort will be modo to oncourago the establishment of schools of design throughout tho Australian eolonics ; nnd it will bo tlic aim of tho promoters of this journal to asBirt in creating a community of skilled, thoughtful, nnd intellectual art-workmen in contradistinction to tho more human mechonloal drudge. Fbeb SirriKos in Ucuitv. — A cor respondent of the Argus montionB us a fact uot generally known to vlie- crowds that assemble at the doors of somo of our fashionable Anglican churches, ' in waiting to bo shown to u seat,' that, directly the clergyman pro nounces the first word of tbc ser vice, but not until then, every unoccupied sitting in the building is absolutely free, and may bo entered upon by any person who pleases to lake possession of them, and may be lawfully occupied by them without let or hindrance during lUc re mainder of the service, provided they conduct themselves with propriety. This freedom of sittings (says tho Amtraln sianl is urorided in clause 30 of the Trus tees and Vestries Act, passed by the Church Assembly at its fast session in October, 1871. Copies of the Act, which came into oiicratian on the first Dacora her last, can be obtained nl the Bishop's Registry. BlVTllT ClUTKI., CoSSTlTtTlOX HlIX. -On Sunday morning, the 1 lth instant, the friends who usually meet at the above mentioned chapel met at the sheep-wash belonging to *Tohn Palmer, sen., Ksq., for the purposo of witnessing the administra tion of baptism by immersion, Tho pro ceedings commenced by singing a hymn. Mr Hodgiuan than read Acts viii. and engaged in prayer. After singing another hymn, Mr Jones of Hobart Town preached from John i. 25. ' Why haptisest thou thenP' Tho preacher touched upon the points of infant baptism, which ho denied had any scriptural authority ; of belie vers baptism which he contended was en joined by scripture, and of the cxolusive 'right of ordained ministers to baptise, arguing that from the fact of Peter com manding those, who had received the Holy Ghost, to be baptised Acts x. 47. A AH., there was no scriptural authority for the exclusive right of ordained ministers i 1 ' ' , *l ', Tl a,, i A to administer inn rite, xiie sermon euaeu, a hymn was given out, nnd while* tho con gregation were singing il, Mr G. !(. Wing summoned tlio candidates to proparo themselves for entering tho wnter. Two tents were improvised — one for the malcsand one for the females. All being ready, Mr Jones then addressed the candidates iu a short speooh i after which he asked each if he or the believed in Jesus Christ, mid wns mmvorod in Ibc alfirniativc. He then engaged in prayer and entered the pool, nnd as each can didate went into the water he said— ' Upon your profession of faith, my sister (or brother), I bantiiio theo in the name. of tho Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost — Aincn,' and plunged him (her) just beneath the surface. There were, two male and two female candidates. Tho united ages of the two men and one of the. females amounted to '217 years, nil three oi them being over 70 yours of age. The other was a young woman of not more than 30. There must linvo been about two hundred persons present to witness the solemn sccue. The adminis tration of tlio ordinance itself oooupied but a very few minutes. Tho benediction having been pronounced, Mr Hodgmau expressed, publicly, the thanks of himself and friends to John Palmer, bcii., ICsq., for his kindness in granting tbe use Qf the pool, and permission to cross his land to gel lo it. Mr Palmor also lent one, aud Mr Atkins one, of the cloths of which the tents were made. Mr Hodginan also publicly thuuked the assemblage for tho ordely wuy iu which they had conducted them selves, lie had boon told that some in tendod to disturb them, but he was very glad to be nble to say that he never saw a more orderly assemblage uny where. — Tni:TASiuxiix'CiTnoi.irSTANiiinn.' — We havo received the Jnnuarj' num ber of this monthly publication. It con tains much interesting matter, including a drain! on high authority thai tlio cele brated speech of Bishop Strossinaycr was i'\vr delivered, or anvlhing like it in the. Vatieau Oounoil. The Ilight Ucv. Dr. Crokc on this subject, writing to tho New Zealand Kmiliui Star, savs :-' I snl in tho Council as Bishop for a short time, nnd aeted as theologian in the Council during all its liveliest discussions, nnd I do hereby most unequivocally declare., ou my wowl qf lionour, that Bishop Slrojs inaye't never delivered (Ac upecoh, nor onylhinglike il, to which tl|c anti-Catholic Press of these colonies is striving to give currency, bo far as he is concerned, il is a tissue of injurious falsehoods ; theolo gically* speaking, it contaiqs a sorjos of lirojio'sitiuuil K-7 ij-'« firmall)/ r,,,,. aniiHftt i and were Bishop Slrossmaycr known to hold anyone, or all of them, he would not bs suffered to sit for ovcu an hour amongst the assembled Prelates of the Church. The Church of Home admits of no compromises, fears n,o opposition, never lowers her standard iu front of any foe; and if Bishop Strossmoyer had dared to sny in Counpil what your paper reports him to have said, his See would now be in possession of another, and himself reckoned amongst those who had made shipwreck of the faith.' LaI'KUESTOK BnNEVOLBKT SOCIETY. — Iteturnofthe number of persons relieved during the week ending January 24th, 1872:— 23 men, 08 women, and 191 obil dren, Madame Kscott akd Mn Sqi'ides in Italy.— Letters have been roceived by tlio mail Just arrived from Madame Ks cott and Mr Squir. s. They kck travel ling ill Italy, says tlie Argot, ond i' 0 letter dated Villa d'Este, ou tho Lake of Coino, Madame Kseolt, describing Ihe loveliness of Ihe sittinlipn, toys,— 'It is Sui.uiy morning, and I hear the bells, scent the brecces, and for the moment rav eyes dwell on a luxurious landscape of purple and gold, lakes and mountains.' Tho travellers had paisod through Hol land, Germany, ftud Switzerland, and were contemplating spendiug Christmas in Home. Madame Kscott always speaikt of yiclqcia in, terras of aubction. Bali.adat Ceickkt Matcb. — The match committee of the Association met at Hobart Town on Tqosday afternoon, and selected tho following as the Hobart Town cloven :— It. Barnes, G. Bayloy, J. Burn, E.H.Butler, D. C. Cuthbert, G. David-, J. D'Kmden, E.J. Freeman, £ IfOghm, E. WhitpsidM, and T.White eidcs. The BnllanU eleven ace expected to arrive by (be Sou thorn Cross next trip. Tho dates for the match are not definitely settled. It is believed, howevor, that the match will bo -played on Friday and Sa turday, 2ad and 3rd proximo. A Cixnat-UAS in Tnounic. — At tho Police Court, Bichmond, a case was tried tlie Mercury says, on Tuesday, which ex cited a great deal of interest. The Iter. MrGayler was summoned by Mr Win dcrmcre Lord, of Bichmond Park, for trespass ; when, alter tho examination of tho prosecutor and the reverend defendant, the Bench dismissed the case,— defendant swearing to hod had fermUuos, tlic pro secutor as pointedly denying tills. Tmt Mail Coacites.— The mail eoachea will leave Hobart Town and Launceston on Saturday evening next, at the usual boiu-«, instead of ou Sunday evening, the coach from Hobart Town conveying the mail for Melbourne per Tamar. Fish in tbe Debwent.— All doubt of tho thorough aoolimatisation of Uie brown trout is at end (the Jftrrury says). On Monday night there were to bo seen in tho shop of that ardent disciple of Izaak Walton, Mr Weaver, such a basket of fish, tlio produce of his own hook, as has never boloro been scon in Uobart Town. Besides soruo Bimllerlrout there were six weighing toRotlior upwnrds of SUlbs— as one of those weighed oulv 2Ubs tho other five woighed 2Sllifl. O'f tfieso ono, in most beautiful condition, weighed 8lb HXjzs. These trout wcro the produce of one day's fishing in the Derwent from 11 a.m., and of the next day's up to that hour. CmrKKT, n.M.s.s. Clio v. Uxivebsitt Elevek. — A cricket match was played on the Association's ground, Hobart Town, tUo ifriYury says, in Monday between eleven ofliue'rs of ILM.S.S. Clio and an cloven, composed almost exclusively of graduates ofUnivcrsities. Tho weather was vary unsettled throughout the day, and as a consequence tho attendance was meterially nlllcted, although a number of ladies visited tlie ground during the after noon. Tlio University men were very much ovor-matebed, aud the game resulted iu mi easy victory in ono innings for the navol officers. The former weut Unit to the wickets, but the bowling of Loo and Sinylhc, together with very smart fleld ing'of Ihe Clio cloven generally, proved too muchforthc University gcmlomeu, aud their Itfst wickol fell for tlio small total of 44\. His Kxcclleucy the Governor made the top score with 13, no other player reached double figures. The Clio eleven then commenced their innings, which ter minated for 113, of which Mackenzie made Si). The Unirecsity mon displayed great want of practice in fielding, but the bow ling of Skinner, Lyon, and Shrpliard was remarkably good. In their 2nd innings the Unircrsilv men were equally uufor tunale as in tlic first, scoring only 80, of which the Kcv. Mr Furley mndelSl, Mr Lyon H (with excellent fplay), and tlie Rev. Mr Hudspeth 10. Tho total score of both innings was thus 100, being 1.1 less than the Clio eleven scored in one in ninE«. The return match will be ydayed ou Monday next. NavalCbicietiko.— Our uavnl visitors, ?ays the Mercury, hareproved themselves enthusiastic admirers of cricket, having already been cugagod in three matches. A fourth hasbocu determined upon, viz., ground on Thursday. Iktf.ii 'Vabsity Dixkkb.— A moeting of gentlemen, members of either ' Oxford or Cambridge Universities,' is to be held at Mr Jackson's Chamkera, Stone Build ings, Hobart Town, on this (Friday) after uoon.with a'view to nrrangiug a dinner iu tho ensuing week. The Public LinRtnv.— A meeting was held in the old committee-room, Town Hall, Hobarl Town, the Mernay snys. on Tuesday evening of persons wlio habitu ally frequent the Public Library, to con. sidcr what steps should be taken lo secure the augmentation of the Librarian's sa lary, aud Ihe increased edicienry of Ihe library. Mr P. Turner was called upon lo preside, and after the Itev. J. Storir. on the part of the conveners, had staled the reasons for the meeting, which had reference to tho salary of the Librarian, theconreniencoof the reading room, and the moans of keeping the hooks iu order, also certain infonnntion as to the money available for the library, nnd what was actually required, a number of resolutions were passed to ll.e cfl'cct that tho City Council should bo petitioned to undertake thoexponso of a provision for the pe rma- nonl supply of newspapers and |ieriodi cals for the reading room ; that the Go vernment should be nmiliiul lo far a grant for (he purchase, if boaU for Ihe library, and the preserving of books in proper re pair, as Ike library was not municipal but publio proporty ; and ulso to provide for au. increase of salary to the Librarian. A deputation was appointed to wait on the Colonial Treasurer nnd other mem bers of the Government, and also ou the Mayor and Aldermen, to submit tlic re solutions, nud with authority to prepare memorials. The deputation to consist of Messrs Tumor. Caslray, .I.MoC. Browne, Colonel Bell, K, Irov, Mitchell, and the Bcv.J. Storio. AXUTUEE BpHOLADY IS LlVIiBMOl. □theet. — On Tuesday morning, at about hair-past (wo o'clock, says the itemm,, private watchman Johnson saw a man issue from tho cellar gralinj; in front of Mr Henry Ward's shop, Liverpool-street, between Elizabeth and Market-stroctB, and run nway. Mr Johnson rang the bell at Mr Ward's to give the alarm, and just lit the lime one of the city constables, and shortly afterwards a second, ap'iearcd, Wfl gave chase to the man, who ran up the street and turnod into Watehorn-fttreet, where he was lost sight of On Mr Ward being called he came downstairs, and dis covered that Ihe burglar had made his way through the grating to the cellar, and thence upstairs lo the shop, the till of which had bce-n wrenched open with a chisel, and nearly £35 stolen in money, including a lot of stiver put nwav for an intended payment on Tuesday. It is sup posed the thief exported to he able to col out b^ the shop door, but Mr Ward hod taken the key ofthat with him upstairs the previous night ; but for this probably he would have got off unobserved.' In the pursuit Ike constables nearly got hold of the man, who tripped, and dropped a quantity of tbe silver from his pocket. Vcsterd ay morning a chisel, evidonUy alio dropped by the runaway, was found in tlic streot, and taken to the detectives. His said several other gratings were tried during the iiight. It was by the grating that some one entered the premises of Mr G. Arnold, the baker, on the opposite side of Liverpool-street, a week or ten days ago. Shopkeepers will no doubt take the precaution to hare their grating's pad locked inside, and be extra watchful against the bad oharaotcrs who are ready to victimise the unwary. The Hoiiabt Tows Bikatta. — The committee met, says the Mercury on Tuesday night, at the Bird-iu-'Hand, when reports were giren in of Ihe pro gress or the arrangements and the' prices for tbc several races fined, amounting (in addition to the £100 for the Intercolonial Amateur Oig Ilooe, and tho Mayor's priso of £10 for the Alexandra race), lo £207. namely, £134 for pulling races/and £73 for sailing races. Toe Melboobxe Cu' fcoarusy— A general «*»- of Ih. shareholders of ''' -.ity of Melbourne Gas and Coko Company wos held on Tuesday for the. purpose 9f rppeivlruj the report of the dirt-p tors ofld Pie financial statement for tlio h«lf year ending 31sl Decemhor. 1871. Mr Thomas Moubray, chairman of diree. tors, preiidod. ' The chairman, in moving tlio adoption of the report and balauco sheet, said he thought he might fairly congratulate the shareholders upon wltal he might ca|l B mod,.raWv iuQcoWfuI h«|r-J'ui,i.« work. They did not profess to have done aoythiujt wonderful. Tho ordinary work of the iniuufaolirre ofms bad boon carried on as doanoniioallr as possible, oausistontly with suunlyiue a superior light, a light superior m quality to that supplied by any pas company in almost any part ofthc world. The share holders would sec by the report that it had been considered tdrimkV to reduce UieMioeqftjastollirpcr IJOOOIt. The company wcro not so selfish as to wish' to make an undue profit outof the public, but 8 per cent, dividend was not out of the way whou it was remembered that for several years the sliureholdcrs had reccirod nothmj for the capital they had invested,, ? The 'Sdicidk at Hod»w Toivx.-lfr Tarlcton held an inquest on Monday, tho Merrurg says, on tho sUocmaler, James Baker, whoso death was oaaied by takine strychnine on the 19th init. Dr Corns and other witnesses were examined, and tho jury returned a verdict of died by sUycn mnc-poisoning, while in, a state of tempo rary lunanity. 