TOPICS OF THE DAY. We specially draw the attention of sportsmen interested in the May Races to the advertisement in another column, announcing that the 1st February will be the day for re- ceiving aoceptanoes for tbe Adelaide Gun. An advertisement elsewhere announces that the next meeting to compete for the Hughes GhaUenge Oup will be held at the Butts, on the South Park lands, on the 17th of next April. The advertisement furnishes full particulars of the conditions snd rules of the competition. On Wednesday evening, January 24, as a young man named Henry Land waa win nowing at Auburn, he got his right hand en tangled amongst the cog- wheels, crushing three of the fingers. He waa admitted ou Friday to the Adelside Hospital, where one of the fingers was amputated. On the 16th inst. Mrs. Preston, an old resident of Payneham, was rushed by a fat bullock, one of a mob belonging to the Hon. J. Baker, on their way to Uie Bock's Head sale yard, at Stepney. At first it was considered the injuries sustained by the poor woman were trifling, but she now lies in a very precarious state, though under skilful medical attendance. It will be Been by an advertisement in oar business oolumns that Mr. Samuel Latarwfll shortly return to Adelside, "when, .honld sufficient inducement be offered by sub scriptions, he will make arrangements for a Grand ItalianOperaseason." It ia to be hoped the lovers of good music will rally round Mr. Lacar, and that " rniffieient inducement* may be offered. There was an excellent attendance at Burton. Circus on Friday evening, vety nearly every seat in the spacious pavilion being occu pied The r?Frfoim«nees were, as on previous occasion., most successful, and frequently re ceived tte hearty apidtuse of the spectators. Mr. Wieltnd, the clown, was again unable to be present, but it waa stated that he would, in all probability, reappear this evening. We have seen at Mr. G. Lyons'sestab- Hibment, Hindley-street, a rare piece of work manship, in the aha;« of & deg'a head. It is c instructed with .mall colored piece, of atone, let in in such a way as to form a perfect model of the animal's h .hading. weU reproduced The work, which i. by Mr. Newport of Minchinbampton, Glouces tershire, England, will repay inspection. On Thursday, the 11th inst, a case of sudden death occurred at the Bundaleer head station. The information at present to hand is somewhat meagre; but it seems a Mrs. Taro laid down on her bed and went to sleep, and while in that uneonsci-ju. state died. It is supposed that heart disease, combined with the extremely hot weather then prevailing, was the cause of the poor woman's death.— Northern Argus. The Rochester Correspondent of the Northern Argus mentions that during tbe re cent flood, the Broughton was swollen to such a height that several persons anxious to get over, after waiting several days for the water to subside, lost patience, and &ws;>m hcttbs tne stream on horseback, a man having boldly first swam over with a rope, one end being attached to the neck of the fiist nag that was made to brave tte current The Excelsior Temperance Society held their first meeting in the Town Hall, Norwood, on We.lttt-sd&y; evening last. Ihe programme consisted of dialogues, recitations, singing, Ac., by members of the Drum and Fife Band Mr. J. Darling occupied the chiir. The Hall was crowded to excess, and many persons had to retire for want of room. The Committee also were greatly encouraged by the number.— amounting to 111—that joined the society. As the copper market is looking so keenly, we believe an effort is about to be made to once again get the Wheal Mtschke Mine into working, so that this, as we believe, really valuable property may be fairly tested. Ali along two or three men and boys have made a living there by si liking shallow shaft., and there is every reason to suppose ttat if worked on an adequate scale the mine would prove payable. We certainly think that had this property been situate on Yorke's Peninsula it wonld not have been suffered to so long lie idle.— Kapunda Herald. The entertainment given by the Blondin troupe on Wednesday evening for the benefit of Mr. Hore, one of their members, who was hurt whilst performing on an occasion in aid of the Widow and Orphan Fund, was a decided sueoesa. The attendance was good, and the repetition of the very clever feats was a source of great amusement The performers, one and all, acquitted themselves admirably, R. Miller especially distinguishing himself on tte swing ing trapeze by his easy, graceful, and rapid evolutions thereon. The "Dancing Barber," a laughable piece, concluded the performanoe. Commander Yon Blanc, of the German man-of-war Nymphe. has written from Mel bourne to Mr. Yon Treuer, the German Consul in Adelaide, that he regrets his inability to visit Soutt Australia, where he knows a very large number of Gorman, are happily settled. In his report to the Imperial Government however, the Commander says be wiU urge upon them tbe importance of sending at -no distant date another of Hi. Majesty's ships of war to this port, and anticipate, his recom mendation will be carried into effect within tte current year. A special meeting of the members of the Chamber of Commerce waa held at the Office, Pirie-vtreet, on Friday afternoon, Jan uary 26. There was only a small attendance, and Mr. A, S. Clark (Chairman) presided ' A number of alterations were made in the Tales and by-laws—tte most important of which was tte amendment of tte rule providing that tte financial year of the Chamber shall end on the 31st of July, the termination of the year being made tte 31st of March. The reason for the change was given in tte report' of the y""i meeting held ou the 17th of last November. A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On tte night of the Bth January, " about 9 o'clock, as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughe.', daughters, was driving toward. Uillhaven, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel. Mr. B lyley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground' and extend her arm. right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exolaimed, 'Dear me, what was that?' Mr. Bayley endeavored to puU tte horse np; but on. he, dashed, nor could he be induced to stop tiU he reached tte gate at MQlhaven." The half-yearly meeting of the Ade laide Meat Preserving Company (Limited) was i held at tte registered office of the Company on Friday afternoon, January 26. The report of the Directors and balance-sheet were adopted, aad Mes?rs. R. B. Smith, H. Scott, and W. L. Harchant were re-elected members of tte Board, and Messrs. F. Wicksteed and J. Storrie were again appointed Auditors. The remunera tion to tte Auditors was fixed at five guineas per annum. Ia replying to a vote of thanks, the Chairman (the Hon. A. B. Murray) stated that the Board desired to ci press their satis faction with the officers of the Company, and witt tte caieful and efficient manner iv which Mr. Herriot, tte Manager, had conducted operations. On Wednesday last a melancholy event happened at Donnybrook to a little girl named Eliza Waldon, aged five years, who was ac- cidentally drowned through falling down a well. Between 5 and 6 o'clock the deceased was missed by her parents, and a search being in stituted, her body was found at the bottom of the well. Dr. Bain was sent for, but as he was absent from Clare, Mr. Greenwood's services were called into requisition. The usual remedies were applied, but life was found to be extinct. It was thought that the child had been in the water fully a quarter of an hour. An inquest was held yesterday, and from the evidence it would seem that deceased lifted up the lid of the well and fell in. The Jury re turned a verdict of "accidentally drowned." — Northern Argus. " An idea that has been formerly ex pressed in regard to thesupposedintentionoftbe German Government to found a colony in tbe Soutt Seas hss again obtained currency in a very definite shape during the last day or two, in connection witt tte visit of the Nymphe, Some of those persons who can always see much further than other people ace this plainly—the Nymphe is going to Fiji to join tte Htrtha, oommanded by Commodore Kohler, sailing from Japan, and tte Elizabeth from Bio d« Janeiro, when, the squadron wiU have an effective force of 1,200 men. Steps will then be taken to proclaim the authority of tte Em peror rVilhelm, and to «"«? the dominions of King Cakobau to tte German Empire, tte position of His Majesty in tte Imperial Oounefl being probably a matter for subsequent arrange taeaA."—Ballarat Star. The animal meeting of the Hindmaxsh Library and Mechanics' Institute was held in the Distriot HaU on January 25, Mr. W. J. Veroo presiding. The report, which was adopted, mentioned that, although there had been no great aooession of members, yet by the Directors having made a judicious seleo tioaof books snd periodicals, tte attendance at the reading-room had been good Several members urged tte desirahiHty of also arrang ing for attractive lectures and entertainments to be given periodically. The financial state ment showed a fair balance in hand for future operations. The foUowing officers were then elected:—President Mr. T. Lees; Vice, Mr. W. Wyatt; Treasurer*' J. Pickering, M.P.; Secretary, A. Burt; Directors, Rev. 8. L. Harris, J.P., J. Bold, H. Hunwiek, T. Denoh, 8\. Day, A. Derrams, W. Langman, and B. Slater. In onr business columns will be seen an advertisement of a patent safety fuse, manu factured by Messrs. Snowball, Longmore, and Jones, on the banks of the Yam, Melbourne, This fuse has been submitted to comparative tests witt the beat English fuse, aad tte most, competent judge, in Victoria have pronounced it to be greatly superior to tte imported article in tte most essential particulars. It is very muoh less likely to miss fire, and withstands tte influence of water far better than any other fuse yet tried. After being soaked in water for npward. of twenty-four hour, it bum. quite freely. Another advantage it pos sesses is ttat of burning down more slowly than other fuses, so giving more time for tte man firing it to get out of the way. Victorian tatimiyiil^ recommending tte fuse above all other sorts, have been given by Mr. Johnson, of tte Pyrotechnic Ordnance Department; Mr. EUery, R.R.A.S., Government Aatronomer|; the City Surveyor of Melbourne ; and a number of mining managers. On Wednesday forenoon a singular accident happened, by which a horse was killed, and tbe life of its rider (Mr. J. Moore), placed in great peril. It appears that the horse in question was a young thing, belonging to Mr. Mahoney, for whom Moore was breaking it in. Mr. Mahoney on another horse, and Moore on this, left tte Kapunda Pound together for Mahoney's farm—the young horse bucking violently all tte way to the Light When it reached thi. river it suddenly plunged into a waterhole, and made no effort to swim. Moore freed himself as quickly as possible, and then, having hold of tte bridle pulled tte horse's head ashore. Although it had net bsanawSral' than a minute in tbe water, ftt- sras bylihi***ahe almost dead, and oeased so Uve in a very short time after. It would seem as if tbe horse bad determined not to be broken in, bat had rather chosen to commit suicide, forsU homes can swim if they, wil^ unless seised with . cramp or other disease, but this horse made ao ' attempt to save itself.—Kapunda Herald. j A meeting of the Stewards and Com- j mittse of- ths Adelaide Base Meeting, to take i place next May on the Old Course, was held on Friday, January 26. at the office of the Secre tary, Air. 0. 3. Coates. There were present | the Hon. Sir John Morphett, M.L.O. (in the , chair), Mem*. W. K. Simrn., M.P., W. H. ' Formby, W. Oavenagh, MP., 6. Bennett, H. . Hughes. 0. Mann, M.P., J. Christopher. The Secretary stated that he bad called the meeting - in consequence of the handicapping of the Baron being objected to by Mr. K. T. Barnard, ; the handioapper, on tbe ground that he bad been improperly described at the tame of entry, and that he had handicapped him a. a maiden, ; whereas he had reason to believe that he wa. Mr. Wiaohe'. six- year-old bay gelding, snd if so, had not been handicapped by him. The Secretary brought forward telegram, and cor respondence relating to the matter, and the foUowing resolution was adopted:—" If Baron, entered for Adelaide Cup as a bay horse, six years old, prove, to be a gelding, the nomina tion ahaU be void ou the ground of false description." An ancient Tichborne case is thus re ported by the Spectator: —"There is a curious parallel in Boman history to the romantic trial which is now exciting so much interest. Sex tus, the heir nf a noble family at Rome, had escaped from the ruin of his house nnder Com modus, by giving out that be had die i. 't be came known '.bat a ram had been buri c-J iv bis Btmd at tbe fuuer.L, and seve al prrs>'us tuffeieil on >nsi>icioi>, but. his true fate wss never ascertained. After the Emperor's death a claimant appeared for the rank and fortune of tbe missing nobleman. His appearance answered of Settus, and he satisfied many persons of his identity by his replies to their question. Per tinax, however, decided against him on aecouut of want of education. Me had 'forgo: ten bis Greek,* and was ignorant of pMlo&opby.; to which the whole Qnintilian family had been eminently devoted. He ifl, therefore, consitered an impostor by Dion Cassioos, though it U pos sible that in nine precarious years of danger and disguise he may have unlearned the lan guage while be practised the lessons of his early studies.*' . Queensland is coming in to share, with the Transvaal district at the Cape, the honors of its fields of precious stones. So at least it would appear from a story told to us last evening, which runs thus:—When the Go vernor BlsckaU was anchored off one of the northern ports of Queensland a gentleman came on board and aaw Mr. Foord, the weU known popular lecturer. He showed him some specimens of stone, which Mr. Foord pro nounoed to be of some value, and offered to bring them to Melbourne to have them tested. The gentleman assented, and at. the same time requested that if they were proved to be of value they might be set for him. When Mr. Foord ?rrived in Melbourne be at 'once saw H. Spink, the lapidary, who pronounced the stones to be opals of great value. The .mailer ■tone, which has teen set a. a ring, is esti mated as worth between £300 and £400, while on the larger, made into a gentleman's breast brooch, Mr. Spink isays it is impossible to set a value, it being, he thinks, the largest opal ever found, within his knowledge. This dis. eoveiy, if confirmed by after facts, i. bound to make a stir amongst our speculative bird, of passage.— Melbourne Leader. The Committee of the Aborigines' Friends' Association have been anxious that the pastoral and farming operations at Point McLeay should show a profit, but the haivest now nearly completed wiU again disappoint the friend, of the movement. Two months ago the appearance of the crops warranted the ex pectation that there would be a large balance to ths good on thi. department of civilization amongst our native population. The barley, which looked like 20 bushel, per, acre, was at tacked by caterpillar, who destroyed quite one half tiie mop. The wheat, whioh like aU other crops in the neighborhood promised weUforlO or 12 bushels, has been shrivelled by the hot winds (so much in some places as not to be "worth reaping) and wfll only yield about four bushels. The flax lias suffered from the same cause ;it grew weU for a time, than stopped, and some of it withered away, tbe yield being almost worthless except for a Uttle seed. The" four natives whe are farming sections of their own near tiie -'Mission Station, have the same discouragement to bear, their crops yielding about four or five bushel, of wheat, and about 10 bushels of barley. A letter has bean reoeived from Mr. Xaplin, in Melbourne, stating tbat be is much better, and hopes soontontarntohis duties, when no doubt he wfll tie welcomed,' Dr. Beer has lately patented a new «"«"*"■«? for gold-washing, which he calls a specific.gravities Braslgamator:*' being based upon the difference of the sperrfic gravities ef the snbstsnoas Juaed. He i. confi dent that thamsenrneis superior to aU other, employed for the same purpose. It .consist, (says the Bavensaood Miner) \- with nine flanges attached to a horizontal wheel about two feet in diameter, which re volves in a strong.sheet-iron cylinder. Be neath tbe fan are rakes, which rotate simultaneously on the same axle. The whole rest, in a circular pan a few inches larger' than the cylinder. When in operation the lip of the cylinder wfll be supported slightly above the bottom of the pan containing tiie mercury, into which, however, it wfll just dip. The rakes wfll revolve at a level slightly a*iove the surface of tbe mercury. The' machine i> , self-acting. Its motion is acquired by the con stant discharge npon tbe fan of the water and wash stuff from the sluice-box. As this stuff passe, between the flange* of the fan it is kept in motion, and pre vented from clogging by the action of the rakes beneath. The water wituin the cylinder, it is expected by the inventor, will have sufficient gravity to force it. way against the resistance of tiie mercury beneath the lip of the cylinder, and carry with it pyrites, sand, &c;„ the gold remaining at the bottom of the pan. Or. Beer anticipate, that the pyrites and heavier substances, after pass ing out of the cylinder, wfll remain floating on the mercury in the pan outside, but that the water and light substance, wfll flow off, and the amalgamator thus be kept in good working order. He state, that it can be easily attached to any o^iartx-oruaher, and - may be ad vantageously used for washing aUuvinm. For some months past a movement has been on foot among the Friendly Societies in Adelside for the purpose of forining an Insti tute, similar to Institutes existing in some of the neighboring polonies, having for its object Taetrinal attendance upon the wives aad families of members. On Friday evening, Januaiy 26, the General Oommittee met to receive the report of a Sub-Committee which bad been appointed to prepare rales and go into the details of tiie scheme. The following report was brought np and adopted:—" Your Committee have to report that they nave bad an interview with some ef tbe principal medi cal men in Adelaide, and that the sum named by them, as the lowest at whioh tbey could entertain the matter, is far beyond the amount calculated npon by the originator, of the scheme, being £1 per member per year. They have also obtained tbe nam's, addresses, Ac, of the members of the various Societies, and a list has been compiled by the Secretary showing the actual number of individuals who would be connected with the Institute. This list shows that the number of member, who are connected with more than one Society is not ao great as was calculated upon, thus reducing, in a very huge measure, the assumed income arising from this source. Taking tiie figures thus obtained, and the sum nsmad by the medical men, it appears .to your Oom mittee that the lowest amount per member at whioh the Institute oould be carried out would be 225. 6d. per year, or a subscription of say 3d. per week per member in addition to present contributions. Tour Oommittee, also, report having prepared a draft copy of roles for the working of the proposed Xntiainte. Tour Oom mittee seeing that the whole "motion wfll have to be referred back to the various Lodges, Courts, Ac., would recommend that a meeting of aU interested in toe proposed Institute be held previous to the question being dis cussed in the various Societies. Your Committee cannot but regret that they, have been greatly hindered in the discharge of then duties by she apathy and evident want of in terest "in the movement shown by some of the Executive Officer, in preparing and forwarding the returns asked for, in proof of" which they may atate that some were, not reoeived until the first week in Jannary, and one i. not yet re ceived.*' It was resolved, that in. accordance with toe'suggestion of'the Buh-Oammittee, a meeting of all interested should be held in the Town HaU on an early evening. ' MARAVILLA OOCOA.-N0 break fast table is complete without thin delicious beverage.—The Globe says, "Vari ous importer, and manufacturer, have attemp ted to attain a reputation for their prepared Ooceas, but we doubt whether any "thorough success had been achieved nxtU Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qoalltlsi of 'Maraviils' Cocoa. Adapting their psrfeei system of preparation to this finest of aU special of the Theobroma, tbey hareproduosd aaartU. which .upersedes ovary wrier Cocoa la W market. Entire solubflity. • delicate aroma, aad a rare concentration of the purest elsuttnw of nutrition, distinguish tbe MaravsTJa Oeesa d>ove?n others. For bomosopatha and favaaVa. we could net recommend a more .gt sushi, or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only |? an Grocers, of whom also may be had TsrV Brothers* Original HomojopatUo *9ssaa ass] SalabUOlsNsUts. Steam Muts-Msb tfjsaa, Lwdsa. fcjfort ChTsMty aWf, a****** .Mgjajk mm 