INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. THE MTJEDER OF BRIDGES. The hearing of the charge of murdering Bridger waB concluded at the police court on the 28th ult., when the prisoners Nicholls and Lester were committed for trial. Lester's confession relates solely to Walker's murder, and he denies having been present when Bridger was killed. The police having strong evidence to contradict this statement, doubt is thrown upon the entire revelations, The Government has information that Nicholls asked another convict to join him in purchasing _ a small yacht, and committing systematic murders on a large scale, conveying the bodies of their victims outBide the Heads. BAPTISM! IN A BIVER. Dnring a tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn the following incident occurred. We quote from the Goulburn Herald:—To the afternoon at three p.m. a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross Biver. For some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tiiross River, the service for tbe " public baptism of such as are of riper years" was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand • and while the Bishop pronounced the words' " I baptize thee in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,'» they completely immersed him in the water.. Having raised him, and "received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the cate. chumen entirely in the water in accordancewith the alternative in the rubric of the ser. vice for adult baptism—" and then shall dip him in the water, or," &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized personB were much affected. 