MISCELLANEOUS. ThE Assassination of Earl Mayo. — A Bombay correspondent of the 'Argus' sends some-inWesting particulars connected with the murder of the Viceroy. He men tions ihat the Andaman Islands having no telegraphic communication with the conti. nfent, * steamer w»s at once dispatchedrto beir the news to Rwgowi. Thence it was immediately iwnt to COcutta, and then on to * R.imhav nnil London. To news of such im. portnnce '*11 precedence was given, and the message which was sent from Calcntta nt lialf.pwt peven n.m.. Fehruary 12, ran across the intervening 90 degrees of longitude, and heat the sun-hy some hours, reaching London in time to produce an excited feeling on the '^'no.k Exchange. The news was thns known in London at an earlier hour, by local time, than it was in Bombay, and owing to the im uroved means of .circulating intelligence in thn metrorioli', was widely diffused there w^en at Bomhnv the .knowledge of it was limited to a few official persons, The same ^vpning it' w-rti alluded to in Parliament. The t-»lecVaphicrenort says: — ' Mr. Gladstone, in the Honse of Cnmmons this evening expressed -with emphasis his ereijt grief at the ?untimely end of the Governor-General of India. He said that Lord Mnvo's career hod been worthy of that of hi# pfedfcrjomors. Mr. Disraeli said ♦hat the conntrv'had lost an inestimable ser vant. T^e Biike of ArsrvTI, in eulogising tli« * late Vicerov, sympathised with his family in MVe crekt' lo«s1hevl'had sustained.' Our cor rPsnonflenV says 'that a great, shook was felt ,in Bombay next morning at seeing the news ijn tUe,pajper|s,'' ^rlilch' tnade their ? apnearnnce ; in deep mnltfrdtnie. Tn reference to the pro. hahilities.bftljfe Vot having a political origin^ it io mentioned1 that the- mnrder has this re. ' Ssmhlario* to that' of Chief Justice Norm an - that in each case the murderer was a Moham medan fanatic, .and that both came from the neighborhood of P^shawur, which seems to bo a contra of'disaffectipn. The livttelton ' (New Zealand) papers re porrAn jpi^ftsinB Xine which was heard at the local police pout. . It was an action brought n^kinst Mr. Morton Tavares by Miss Cassy ' M itthe'wi aritl dthe.r members of the Theatre Royal ; for breach of contract in his refusing; ? to continue playing at th° theatre as agreed. Mr. TavareB' defence was that the company ?'Was imperfect, 'and some of its members s'o very iijcapiWe that he would not endanger bis professional :repntation by continuing to take part in such ? wretched representations. 8opia of his evidence was atnasitig as Instan cing the treatment Shakspere receives from provincial companies. Mr. Tavare3 said 'On many occasions. I could, pot get the properties. In the banquet scsne in Macbeth, I could only - get ; a round table with nothing on it. (Laughter.) - J . alluded ? especially to th#jrr perfeotion* .of v Mr. -Wolfe, who said, J Do 'toot: ' ftawee^infir-.called epitome epi-tome, &c.; I had, a discussion with Miss Matthews about the critiques in Ibepaperfl., Tbfi conversation ? regard -to the papers began - with ber. , fche came to me in a towering rape, and said, \- 4 These %-iitori must -he spokento. {Laughter.' — of the,' Merchant of Venice ? It was powerfully hi8Bed~~by tho-au3i«oee. I \- had to speak ; and .act regarding « bunch of keye. ind therewere nokeys t5he vhad, and the raanWho plaved Launcelot was to bring a message, which, he sever delivered, and c. walked off Ihest≥ without saying a word* {Loud laughter ) We had to send In a man ' to read a part, because the person wfio was to \- fill it was - not only druBk, but didn't come tirar tbe place. There were innumerable dif ficulties in * The Merchant of Venice.' One maocarBe onl,and ln8te&d; of saying deceased, 'Yea&id; he was 'diseased and gone to Heaven.' (LaugWer.1) Then he never «poke three lines of 4be wbela part. . In fact he left tne on the stage and walked off without Bpeaking a line. We played ' Richelieu' tha first week, and again _ on Monday ! n the following week . ' They were then no belter, but much wforse, because they ? knew mucbless ohthe.piece than Ithey. did at first. (Lmghter.5 A.fter I had been called on andT retired, some friends of Mr. Wolfe 1 behind the scenes began calling for him to go In front. Then it was carried on by some boys in -the pit.' -,(Leud laughter.) It is right to'tlve Mr. Wolfe's version oT what took complained that the lerms ne'fMr. Tavares) asked were too high. I, 'said, '*,lf [he w a; V star ' let him draw the . montoy Into. the theatre; if he does not, be is no 'star' at ?117 (Laughter.) I don't think be onght to grumble. The acting of the other members of the company is not good at any trmB^iaughter)— and I don't think it was altered jnnoh while Mr. TavaTee ap. ? peared. ' I consider that he has done us more baun thajr good. If he had not come we should have got a good living out of it, whereas he ' jacked us up in tbe middle of tbe week, end tumbled us right over.' ' (Laughter ) What 'Mr. Wolfe meant here most femafo an enigma.* Further on he said, ' They called me on at the end of the piece, bat Mr. Tavnres took my call, which he had no right to do. There was something (te, in the 'Merchant of Venice ') about 'justice being accursed.' You will find three or four editions of Shakspeare, and they are all dif ferent. I thiok it is a matter of indifference, \asufar as William Shakspeare is concerned, which way it is.' ? (Laughter.) The court gave a verdict for the plaintiffs, £5 damages. -Bip ism im a River.— Daring the tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn (says the Goulburn Herald), the following incident occurred: — In the afternoon at S o'clock, a remarkable spectncle was witnessed In tbe immediate neighbourhood of Come, rang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rey. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, In the Tnross River. For some years tbe subject of thuir baptism had been nnder con sideration by tha- successive clergy of the district- Boing satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptize them by im mersion.' A -eonere 'ration being assembled on tbe margin of the Tnross River, tbe service for the ' public baptism of sncb as are of rlpftr years' wan read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river tcr a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand.; the Bishop pronounced tbe words, 'I haptizo thee io the name of tbe Father, and of the fion, and of the Holy Ghost,' he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and 'received him into tbe congregation of Christ's flock,' they pur. sued a similar course with the sister. Stand ing on either side, and firmly holding tbe adult by the hand, they dipped the cate chumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the .service for adult baptism, ' and then shall dip him in the water, or.' &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any one who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected. Tub Jews and Christianity. — The Jew. ish Society, which has been formed at Bir mingham to resist attempts at proselytising : their nation to Christianity, has begun its operations... A sermon which Jews had been specially invited to hear, was preached at Rt. Asaph's Church on Jan. 21, and shortly before the service began seventy or eighty Jews marched into the church, according to the custom in their own synagogues, with their hats on, which they retained during the service. They listened to the sermon with great attention, and at its close the preacher was challenged by the president of the new society to public discussion. It is understood that-tbe challenge was accepted. Tbe Kapunda Herald gives the follow ing humorous description of the South Australian CJour I of Appeal, which by some strange freak of the Constitution Act of tbe colouy, is composed of the Governor in Chief and the Executive Council : — : ' At half past eleven the preliminaries were complete ; the fossilized messenger cried * silence'; the Clerk ahd Private Secretary took his place, and. began fum bling with his papers ; Sir James Ferguson mounted the stepB with much gravity, and some show of dignity, but. was intensely put about when, on looking before him, he saw the Bar bobbing obsequiously to him. For a moment be seemed at a loss whether to regard the affair as a compliment or a studied insult ; but ultimately be made up bis mind to treat the thing with indifference, and sat - down with out retarning tbe salutation. Tbe: Chief Seoretary took a place at his right band, flanked by Mr. Cavenagb, and the Com missioner of Crown Lands marched round and assumed his position on the left. ' The Treasurer, who opportunely enough was able to plead a severe attack of ^English , cholera, did. not put in an appearance. Their four Honors, as I suppose they must be termed did not impress the spectators greatly. The Governor was decidedly uervous, although, all things considered, 'he kept his countenance well. Tbe Chief Secretary placed his glasses astride his nose, and looked forth on the audience with cool deliberation. Had he been be gowned and bewigged . to tbe top of his bent he -could cot have . appeared more at his ease. The Commissioner of Public ; Works looked supremely unhappy. He wrung his hands repeatedly, as if anxious to show that he washed them of tbe whole proceedings; be tweaked bis beard ' restlessly, And only now and then stole a nervous side glance towards tbe spectators. Amongst these was his colleague, Mr. Glyde, who having * profound contempt for the institution, had been attracted to ; tbe spot is : order to see how it worked. Mr. Cavenagh as plainly as possible pleaded guilty to having made himself ridiculous, and . deprecated severe criticism. Tbe Commissioner of 'Crown Lauds -strove hard to demonstrate 'that te -was equal to the : emergency, and succeeded tolerably well. Still, as a- show, the affair was a- decided failure. There were no uniforms, judicial or civil, but there was a tremendous dis play of shirt fipnta. The proceedings : began, as I say, about half-past 11, and \yith a short interval for refreshments were kept on -until about six o'clock. , Long before the day was out the Governor bad acquired a thorough command over , his countenance,' and proved that be had | an intelligent idea of the case. Unlike Sir Dominiok Daly, who prudently re frained from interruptions and regularly produced his written jndgment from his coat pocket when the arguments were over, His Excellency took a prominent part in tbe 4t6CU8sions, and kept the counsel very close to the wind. If be had his judg-. ment closely hidden away upon his person he had the common sense to leave it there and go through the form of taking time to consider.' 