ONLY ?'?A GBOST. :: Br Iben^us the Deacon. (Concluded) ?????t: '?:. Chapter IV. ? St. Chad's was difficult to find. It was in a poor part of the enormous town ; I mean it was in that part of tho town which was tonantod by tho poor. Hidden by a numbor of sordid and densely populated buildings, the exterior pre sented no very striking features, but when I renohed thp ontranco I saw at onco that some sort of allinity could bo chiin.ed with Holy Cross Church at Jerusalem. The area wi\b grand and spacious, full of soata truly, but theso seats wore bo unpretentious and low that thoy did not at tract the oyo like those of St. Silas. There wero no locks, and no bolts, and no doors to thorn. Boodle, truo to his appointment, had joined me at the door, looking as if ho did not liko it much, but that ho considered himself bound to keep liiB engagement. 'Well, what do you think of it?' said ho, /'rum looking place, ain't it P' '. ?- 'Moro like a Church than anything Tve.soen yen. x am pieaseo ooyona meusuru in. seeing Biieh a crowd of real worshippers. But'toll me who aro those evil-looking persons to our loft ?' ' Oh, they are the spies.' .:?'??-????? .. ? ' Spies ? aro they tho persons who will carry Iho information to the Prefect '?'?' ? - : ' Prefect, no. Privy Council.' ' 'And how do they execute them there, by burning, crucifixion, or wild beasts ?' ' ? ' Wo haven't got to that yet.' It's aploasure to come. Heavy fines are the groat things now.' I had always hoard England waa a money loving country, so I supposed this was the greatest punishment the persecutors could inflict. ' And what will thoso peraona do ?' ' Oh, they will watch narrowly to see whether the incumbent of the church bows his kneo in the middlo of a certain prayor, and whether he holds the chalice and paten too high, and a lot of little things you and T Bhould nevor notice. But what this people hate most, the people who employ the spies, I mean, aro lights on the altar, abovo it, or around it.' ' And why ?''?'? ? '? 'Because there is ah' old custom that two lights shall bo set' on the altar to Bhow that Christ is theLight of tho World.' '' *? ' And do theso people say Ho is not tho Light of tho World ? What odd Christians thoy must. \\\r»~\ Wlinfc io t.lin nntiift nf f.lin flnpinf.v tvl\n Am. ploys these spies ?' ' ????'?* 'Tho Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews — no, I don't mean that, I can't remember it exactly, I think it calls itsolf the Church Association.' : ? ? It was a grand sorvico certainly. The music, tho animation of tho priests, the dovotion of . tho people, the want of distinction between rich and poor, tho prominent position of the altar, the ovident subordination of all to the great Christian Sacrifico, was refreshing to ono who, liko myself, was anxious to see a revival of things as thoy wero . under the blessed Cyril. At a cortaiu point of the sorvico a servant of tho Church walked quietly up to the altar, and lit the candles. . I saw a solf-Batisfied smirk on the part of tho spies, and heard the rustic of ?tho paper on which they 'wrote down their remarks. , '! '?That'll cost Aim £500,' whispered Boodle to me, looking at the priest of St. Chad's. ' And 8orvo him right,' muttered tho shade of tho Rev. Edward Starch as it quietly floated by mo, 'I never lighted my candles at Grub bington-in-tho-Clur. I considered they, looked much bettor unlighted.' :? ' ' They certainly were much more economical,' I replied.' ' . , It did not matter the least when Starch and I talked in church, becnuse as we only used ghost language we disturbed nobody. It was another thing when Boodle bogan; for his re marks .wero to loud I had serious thoughts of suddenly becoming invisible. I was ashamed of being in his company, for no wooden wills hid us us in the other Churches. The main features of the service woro grand, tho sermon most interesting and rousing, but thero woro various little affectations that puzzled mo und made mo still sigh for Holy Cross iu its simple majesty; everything there seemed so thoroughly natural, whilst at St. Chad's people scorned to bo' wondering whother all they wero doing was in proper order. As we came out, and wo did not como out until, as at Holy Cross, all was tinishod and an end made of tho great Christian scrvico of tho Eucharist, Boodle turned to me and suid, 'Now I shall introduce you to tlmt gentleman, und place you in better hands than inino. He will ju6t suit you, for he understands nil theso things. Q-ood-byo, I must bo off homo to dinner. Como and ditio ? no ! well, nevor mind ; seo you another time.' Wo passed into tho littlo dark cloister leading out of tho Church, and standing thoro I saw the individual in ques tion, whom I' recognised as one of iho assistant priests with who3o minute and rather nervous fussy ways I had been struck. Ho was a tall, luutorn-jawad, cadaverous looking man, stiff ns au iron rod and impracticable as a thunderbolt. 'The Eev. Octagon Fidgets,', murmured Boodlo to me, end I hoard him whisper to the person in question something about — 'Itocl-hct Ritualist — just your sort, you know,' moaning me. What ho moant I could not imagino, no duubt it was something very appropriate. ' Tho Rov. Octagon Eidgots bowed, and walking with mo down Iho street, suid in a hollow voico, 'Miserable service, wasn't it, Sir. ? 1 didn't quite. catch your naroe'. ' I should think you didn't, and you're not going to now,' thought I to myself. Then in answer to his question, ' Miserublo service P ' said I, ' iu what way pray, sir ? ' 'Why, in the first place, dMn'tyo'u; notico tho frontal was all wrong ?' ' What was tho matter with it? ' ' It was tho color of tho Sunday, red. Now you know it ought to have been the color of tho saint; whose day it was, that is — yellow,, Sarum yellow — for St. S.withun, Bishop . and Confessor. It is truosomo people have a notion that Sundays of a coi-tiu'n class' take precedence of tho Saint's Day, but that is wrong, my dear sir, totally wrong;' and the Rov. Oeliigdu Btruck his foot on tho curb-stone with exoito meut. 'I tell. my respeoted incumbent over and ovor again about it, but says lib has littlo time for these thingsand he must stick to broad principles, but, — hallo — hallo — what is happen ; ing to you.' ' . . .' ' ? ? ? At this moment, forgetting' all my cnutidn, I ' subsided. from tho visiblG to tho invisiblo, and became the' shadow of tho dotieon Irenoeus. The \- reason was tho suddon uppearauc'o of the. two i Church Association spies, peeping round the, . covner; ' I was bo horribly nervous at their 'self-' ? satisfied leer that I felt I could not face them, : and I was also afraid lost a natural infirmity of : tbmper should invito mo! to -wreak my. bodily', combative powors upon theni. So all things^ considered, I judged it bettor to put'suob. a course entirely out of my own, power, and thoir uttor inoapabiHty of appreciating tho invisiblo prevented thoir perceiving that a spirit was ; near them. . .,, ...-, .. . , . . ... . ?;?-? ? The Rev.' Octagon Fidgets had a considerable . insight into the other, world, so ho did not ' ontiroly loose sight of me. In a fow words I : exphiinod to him who and what. i was,, and he ; did not ovon seem siirprisod. He 's'aicl lib* was j only ' too delighted to have tho opportunity of . making my acquaintance.' But the martinot, fussy spirit was too strong in' him to allow i him to pas's over his griovances, arid 'lib1 bogari 1 again. \ ,? ? . ??;??,. ; ' Don't you think it a horrid, shumo to pass ' ovor St^withun ?' - ?'?.---«?:* ; ' Whlfl did he Hvo ?' sa'i'd I. '? ?' '?' , . 'Somowhere about nino hundred , and iBome j thing.' , ..',;. !.,;,:, .;,- ri;;.,;i-: :?,::- '.-.? . ' / i , ' Ah, that is long aftor my ; J^ime, you' see ,1,. jam'inot'a'fttirJMge,'!''-«:j^ ' You don't know anything about tho Sarum yellow then?' askod the reverend gentloman in a sepulchral tone, 'Not I.' ^ ' ' What did you oovor your cross with, at Holy Cross ?' ' ' . ' ?' With the boat we had, generally whito cm, T)roidercd with black.' ' ? 'Ah! the white linen cloth you mean, but did you havo that cmbroidored ?' 'Yes; why not?' ' The Privy Council would not allow that \ hero, the white linon c\oth must bo perfectly |)luin.' ' We nover allowed outsiders to interfere,' * said I- indignantly. ^~* '' And what was your altar like ?' ' Not so largo as yours and not so high up'. A marble table on four marble logs, tho drapery hanging loosely over it, not stretched tight liko yours.' -..????:.'?. ? ' Humph,' muttered tlio curate of St. Chad's musingly. ? ? ' And can you tell me,' said.I turning ques* tioiier in my turn, ' why at St. Silas's the priest Btood at tb'e end. of the altar, and also at St. Timothy's, whilst at St. Chad's he stood ia front of it?' ..?':?': . . i' My -dear sir, have you not heard that is ? the question upon which half of tho clergy of England are ready to tear the other ? half in pieces ? The whole Churoh in thiB country is up in arms about tho position of the priest at the altar ; whethor ho ought to stand with his b'ick or his right shoulder to,thqpooplo ;twhieh way did you do it. ?'' f- .?''.--.. ' Neither,' said I. 'The priest stood behind, the altar, facing tho people* But then the altar was at the west end of the church. , The priest; faced east and the people west.' ... .-'. 'Humph !' said the curate again. , We eecm . to liave departed from primitive practice in' some things:' . ??.'. .: ? . ??- ,; . ? ...-.-,? ; ' Certainly,' I roplied.: 'For instance, it seemed to mo very strange that the Epistoller and Gospeller should have read turning away from the pooplo.' ? : ' . ' That.-is old Sarum use,' said tho Rev. Oc« tagon. '...... A vory bad use, it struck me. 'WJiat is the use of reading so that people cau'thcar ? . When we read the gospel or cpistlo we camo .put into tho midst of the church, and read with' a' loud , and distinct voice. Then I remarked thore was do reservation. .-'''' - ? ? ? '. 'Ah!' said tho Curate; ' It will be long before people, have reverence enough to resort to - ' ' the Blessed Sacroment for worship.' 'I. don't moun for worship,' said I. The reservation for purposes of worship was long after my lime. We reserved for the sick and tho absent, and sent it to them by the hands of tho deacons. I was ono of the happy persons who wore messengers of thfi spiritual food— and very anxious wero we that no one was deprived of it.' -: ?'?.??? ?. ' Humph !' said the Rev. Octagon again, ' of course, as you wjre oh tho spot I cannot con tradict you.' . ? ' Tell mo too,' said I, 'why you shut the doors and allowed none to depart .before tho more solemn part of the services? I taw several most niixious to go away, and others fidgetting miieh.' , , '? Bwuuse,' replied tho Curate, 'all should stay and' worship. Thoso who depart show great irreverence towards that solemn service.' 'But does it not show great irreverence to detain tho unwilling ? In my time wo bade all depart who were not prepared to communicalo faithfully and devoutly, and diligent euro was . taken that there should bo no irreverent gazers even in- the vicinity, of the hbly place. No need of keeping poople'ia by force, wo woro only .too anxious to get rid of t those who did not wish to remain; In »iy day it was esteemed too high a privilege to bs forced' upon any ono.' '?? ? ? ?? ? ? : ? :- 'But you would not send those away who, have communicated earlior, and wish to mingle theii intercessions with the rest ??' .,?-.-.? ' ' By no mbans. Let them stay and take their share in .the- priesthood of the -pooplo and iu offering tho holy sacrifice.' ... , ; 'But how?' 8iiid my friend j 'you don't? mean to deny that tho consecration is effected by tho words of Institution pronounced by the priest.' ' \ ' No j but I deny it i3 entiroly and alone. We always estcomed it effected by three things.1- ''?'*&.* Tho pronnnciution of the words of Institution, ''' - v;^ tho Prayer to tho Holy G-host, called tho Invo- . '' cation, which came after the Prayer of Conse cration, and which I perceive you omit, and tho Amen of tho poople. With -us ull three wore ' ?. necessary ; and so you will see if you re.ad the Liturgy of St. James, which was used at Jeru- '? salein.' 'Oh dear mo!' said the Curate, 'this is entirely a now light ; and J thought if we wont in for old Sarum we were sure to be all right.' - ' And I tliought our Iricbmpardblc Liturgy was Iho model of all the primitive liturgieB,' said tho shade of tho Rev. Edward Starch as -ifc floated down the Strand. .-'??' :. 'No altar! no sacrifice ! none of your Popery ! down with it all!' muttered tho two spic3, still skulking round a corner. I was fairly puzzler! as I- thought over all the divisions of the most learned Churchin the most religious country in the world. .Certainly ?? the blessed Cyril would have boon lost in amaze ment, and us for me I could not. find anything, liko the grandeur of Holy Crosa Church iu the year 347 or thereabouts. . ? , One idea struck mo as I prepared for; flight, ? leaving the astonished Octagon standing on the pavomout. As none of the examples I saw aro ' exactly like wbnt each professes to be, the image ?; of .primitive Christianity, would it not be better to leavo off biting and devouring . ono another, . und to -work buck by degrees to primitive models? 1 shall bo most huppy to come. and; show them my experiences of tliesaino, butldo^, not for a moment sujiposo anybody will tako my advice; for after all I am , - . ; . Osi.r a Gthost! - Thk Emporor William I. of Gormany ' has a private rent-roll of two million thalers '. (£300,000.) The Emperor Francis Joseph of . '.. -+# Austria hus hardly any privato fortune at. all. ',;* '* He generously paid tho debts of his brother Maximillian, whioh consumed nearly all his privalo means. ' ? ? -y. ?? A nkw invention- for the preservation of fooi ? '?? has been woll spoken of. The vegetables or meat to bo preserved aro submitted to the action of a strong: solution of acetate of -Boda, i or tho same salt powdered for from twenty-four '' ; to forty-eight hours, and are subsequently dried. ..-?? In the caso of meat the brine must be evapb- ' ? rated, and again restored to it when it is ? cooking. Tlio acetato of soda appears to act ; by withdrawing tho water from th0 substance jf~/i'r' ? acted on. .' ' ? In London, on Sunday evening, the members of the London Homo Rule Association having; mot to hold tlioir 'usual weekly- meeting at the ? 'Savoy Palace,' S.trand,: were informed by. the ; landlord tlint no further meetings could bqheld ' in his houfo. IC appears that on tho previous day the superintendent of Bow-streot sent for I tho landlord, and after showing him roports of ?procoodiiig8'in his' house, whioh had appeared ' ? Sin t\\\B-:Xaiibn and 'Irishman, he ohuraotorisod -thorn ns Beditious, and having appoared in so-' dilioua. papers it was advieablo tlmt no furthor .inootingsshould bo allowed. On ascertaining jtlieso facts four mombors of the Homo Rule Association woro sent to Bow-street station to \ 'inquiro upon what grounds their meoting had. 1 bfton intorfored with. -The acting superinten derit stalod'in reply that it was no port of his duty to givo thorn any information on tho sub- v joct.' -This action of tho authorities,- following ?' so closoly on the warning given to tho Irisiiman ' and: tho Flag of Ireland, produced no Ismail . i.' . commotion among tho members of the OBaocia tion who woro . presont, and who followed tlio ideputatign'tQ Bow-street, .t ,- .', ' ^ ..- -i 