I Colonial Reminiscences. I BUSH MYSTERIES. THE Australian bush by moonlight, and more especi ally those barren tracts or stony-ridges where the white gum is the prevailing vegetation, has a strangely weird and unearthly aspect, even to the eye of tho most matter-of-fact and prosaic wanderer. The great trees, with their contorted, naked, bonoy-looking limbs, twis ted and turned in every direction, look like gigantic ghosts indulging in a frantic corroboree. Moonlight scenes of this kind have a strange fascination for imaginative people, and especially for children ; and it is not at all improbable that the singular feelings of fear and attraction, dread and curiosity, thus awakened, have been the cause which has induced many imagin ativo children to wander away into the bush " in the gloaming," and thus lose themselves. . . Jenny Morgan was a little girl of a very delicate and sensitive organisation, and her mind was of a highly imaginative nature. She was an only child, and had been taken by hor parents, when little more than an infant, to a remote clearing, where her mother was her only female companion, and having no children to converse or play with, Jenny very naturally fell into the habit of making friends of the dumb creatures and inanimate objects around her. Great natural timidity, joined to her mother's strict injunctions, prevented her from ever entering the bush, consisting mostly of gigan tic white gums, which bordered the flat on which her father's little farm was situated. Mrs. Morgan died, and Jenny waa left quito alone the greater part of her time. Sho was a beautiful and intelligent, hut strange littlo creature. Next to her mother sho loved a littlo pot cow, and when she had in somo degree recovered from tho shock of her parent's death, Jenny naturally bestowed her affection more than over upon Biddy, tho cow. At last, ono day, Biddy was missing, and Jenny was inconsolable. Her dread of thc bush, and the wicked giants, which sho believed tho groat whito gum treos to bo, alone prevented her from going in search. Her father, when ho returned from his work ia tho evening, tried in vain to persuade her that Biddy would como back before morning. Sho was inconsolable, and as her father could deny her nothing, he at length, although tired with a long day's work, consented to go in search of Biddy. It was sunset, but tho full moon was rising, and the scene, although very lonely, was very beautiful. "We'll soon find your pet, my poppet," said Mr. Morgan. " Oh let mo go with you father." " You would bo tired to death, my blossom." "Bnt I must 'go with you to find Biddy, father. Poor Biddy all alone in the bush," and as the child said it she shuddered and bnrst out crying. " That sad bush ! all so silent and still; those grey old trees ! what a place for poor Biddy to bo ill in." " Father," tho child whispered, after thinking for a moment, ¡" tho sly trees are always having bad secrets I know. They're afraid to speak plain in the day time ; but at night they mutter and moan sometimes as if they knew all kinds of naughty things. Poor dear old Biddy out there with those wicked old trees. She'll go mad, father I must go with you father to look for her. She'd have looked after me, I'm sure she would." " You shall go with me, my blossom" said the bush man. " Tie on your bonnet, my littlo woman and cheer up ; your cheeks aro quite wot." Saddling his horse, he swung himself on to its back, lifted up his little'girl behind him and cantered off into tho bush, of which his daughter was afraid even when her little arms were tight around her father's waist. She did ¿mt know whether she was more afraid of tho bush as she saw it by day or as she fancied it by night. When sho woko up in her littlo cot in a stormy night and thought of tho groat sea of moaning wood that spread dusky or moonlit all around their little clearing, she glanced fear fully at the window as if the bush must be angrily ordering her to get up and come out to it. But it beckoned to her in tho day timo also, only she thought more slily, and perhaps she dreaded it most then because it was so sly, beckoning her with its long arms when her father was out of the way, or so that he could not seo it. She often talked to her friend Biddy about the wicked trees beckoning her to come where her mother used to say she must not go. But sometimes when her father was away and tho bush had been beckoning very hard, »he could not help sidling up to it as if she were being drawn to it. Sho did not want to go near it but somehow it made her. Sometimes even she had been drawn into tbe bush a little way, and then had rushed back in terror to the house, or to Biddy in the paddock, to fling her arms around her neok and cling to her and sob as if her little heart were breaking, untilthe sweet-breathed old cow somehow managed to comfort hér. ' She thought that her kind friend had got into her enemy's power made Jenny very miserable and very bravo. It would, bo so mean she thought to stay at home and do nothing for her friend. And then perhaps she thought too-not quite so bravely-what she should do if she stayed at home, and tho bush began to beckon when her father and Jenny were both away. Much as as she dreaded the bush, moreover, she could not help thinking that it would be pleasant to go right into it if it could> not hurt her. She was almost sure the bush was afraid of her father because it of ten beckoned behind his back. However she was not quite sure, because her father talked as if something terrible might happen to her if she wandered into the bush ; but still he went into it himself and carno out of it, and the bush never hurt him ; and so she half made up her mind that it would not dare to hurt her so long as she held on tight to her father. Holding very tight they cantered in tho bright moonlight into the mysterious territory, which was a slily wicked person to her. If the horso had not cantered there would have been no breeze. Tho ragged bark of tho grey gum trees hung motionless in the dreaming moonlight. Their metallic leaves latticed the red cracked ground and great boils of ant hills with lines of shadow that did not movo a hair's breadth. Tho scrub, the colour of a seedy rifleman's uniform, was so still that it seemed to have been suffocated by its own aroma. The silver-gray log3 with which the chapped earth was littered looked as if they had laid there for ever. The trees stood further apart; there was far m ore light in the bush than Jenny had expected, hut that light had such a bewitched look that she grew more afraid of the bush than ever. Everything was strangely still. The hum of insects could no longer be heard, and the sound of their horse's hoofs on tho dry leaves and brittle branches seemed to make the other silence all the more spell-bound. A black snake writhed noiselessly ont of the horse's way, and a jewel-eyed little lizard slipped back blithely into its hole without making a sound of even one dry leaf against another. A hang-dog-looking dingo turned on his heels and slunk back into the scrub as silently as he came of it. The hush that the horse's hoofs alone were left to break appeared more trance- like than ever. The hush in its quiet way soon began to beckon to Jenny, so she thought, that had not its spell of silence been on her too she would have shrieked to her father to gallop home. "I've got you in and now I'll keep yon," waB what she thought the bush seemed to say. " You're very proud of your father ; you pretend to bo very fond of him, aud very much afraid of me, but see if I don't make you run away from him to me. You really came to see me, and not to look after Biddy, you know. When the bush whispered all that, with a wink, poor little Jenny hugged her father so hard that he pulled up his horse, and said " You're fagged out, my little one. Here, I'll take you before me, my wee woman, and we'll go home at once.. Old Biddy must find her own way home." Little Jenny felt courage when she sat between her father's big brown arms, and when she got there she would not hear of giving up the search forBiddy. " O please, father, go on looking," she said. " Don't let poor dear old Biddy stay out m the nasty bush all night." The bushman smoothed the wet curls out of his little daughter's eyes, patted the top of her little bonnet soothingly, gave her an affectionate squeeze with his long wrists, and thus humouring her, went on looking for tho cow. They hunted hero, they hunted there, and all the time the bush seemed to keep on beckoning when Jenny turned her head, and whispering more and more mysteriously. At last sho thought the bush said : "You'll never find Biddy if you don't ride behind your father, and look out ono way whilst he looks out the other. I'll kill Biddy ; but of course I shall tell her that it was really you who killed her." Jenny was too frightened to tell her father what the bush had said ; but she asked him-the bush winking wickedly all the while-to let her sit behind him again. Oh how she held on to him when he hnd arranged the little pad for her on the crupper. He did not notice how she clung to him, because he had lost most of his last nighfs rest, and so was getting sleepy. He began to nod once, and presently having nodded almost into his horse's mano, ho drew rein and said " It's no uso going any farther, Jenny, wo must go back now." Thoy were at tho top of a lonely stony ridge /then, on which it seemed strange that even tho few gum trees, comparatively dwarfish as they were, could have man aged to grow so high. Ho nodded off again as ho pulled his horso's head x-ound. As they rode down the ridgo Jenny saw what she had never seon before-a great iguana. A gigantic lizard nine or ton feet long, with scales tho colour of brown mud, and a tail like a great whip lash, a wasted, wrinkled-cheeked, big-headed lizard, with eyes warily wicked and cunning. It was noiselessly clambering up a gum tree, putting out its hideous lantern- jawed head now on this side, now on that. Presently it stopped, and sullenly stared at Jenny, mcasui-ing her with its bright, wicked eyes. They were the bush's eyes for her, and at last their horrible attraction had become too powerful for her to resist. ' Silently she dropped from the horse, and , wandered away into tho still, dreamy solitude. Her father rode on, and did not miss her until he raised himself with a shiver, as a dark cloud obscured tho moon. The bushman went back to the last place in which he was sure that Jenny had been with him, but he could not find her. He cooed, but there came no answer, lhe bushman's heart was fit to break. He knew that there was little use in hunting for his little girl in the dork, and yet he could not koop still. Hound and round ho rode, until ho could scarcoly keep his eyes open He then resolved to light a fire ; and thought it might just possibly be tho means of bringing Jenny back to him. " May God guard my pet," he sobbed and then, tired out, he fell asleep. Weary with toil and sorrow bo slept until an hour after sunrise. And what did his eyes open on ? Thero was little Jenny trying to nulle Biddy into his quart pot. The pair of friends looked quite gay for round Biddy's horns, and her own hat, Jenny had twined bush} flowers wet with dew. " Oh, father," she cried, " tho poor bush isn't wioked at nil, it took me through to Biddy, and she was so glad to seo me, and the bush has been so kind to us bot* all night -it doesn't do bad things in the night, but it wakes up and moaus'that's saying its prayers, and then it goes to sleep again. I shall never bo afraid ot the bush any more." A child named Rosanna Howarth, aged ll. years, resining with her parents at, Green Valley, Tamoa roorn, died hst week from the effect of a snake bite. 