SUNDAY SERVICES. The Right Rev. Dr. Barker, Anglican Bishop of Sydney, preaohed in St. Jamoj'a Cathodral yesterday morning. He was as. sisted in the service by tho Bishop of Mel- bourne. Tho Rev. Dr. Barker, who is of tall staturo and commanding presence, has in the pnlpit a peculiarly attractive style of address, genial when most oarneit, and earnest when most gonial. He chose for his text John xx., 29 — "Jesus saith nnto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me thon hast believed , blessed arc they that havo not seen and yet havo believed." In thiy course of bis sermon, he pointed out four' causes of blameable and unjustifiablo un- bolief — worldlinees, vioiousness of mind, a presumptuous, rash spirit, or over conceit, and the uogloct, while cultivating the under standing, of the best affections of the heart, or a miBplaoement of those affections. To the third cause, a presumptuous, rash spirit,' ho attributed a great part of the speculative unbelief prevailing in tho world. Men set out with the notion that they should not accept anything revealed by'God unless they could comprehend it, a notion which they belied every day of their lives. They bolioved in their own existence, and in death, though they could not oompreliend why either came to pass. With regard to tho unbelief arising from the cultivation of the understanding, whilo neglecting the best affections of the heart, he said those men par ticipated in it who wero lost in the pursuit of scienop, art, and literature, who woro so immersed in lawful pursuits of that nature, that their affections wero not set on God, and who wero consequently indifferent to the oxistence of a Deity. His lordship also appealed to the congregation for aid to the NIooro College of this colony, an institu tion for the training of ymug man to the Anglican ministry. The off jrtory was de voted io its funds. Yesterday the Rev. W. d. Quick, of Nor ton College. T.ismam-j, .made his first ap pearance in t-h- circuit hero, and began his minist y in tnd Wesley Ouurch, Lms- dale street, Tliere was a larga oongrc- eatiyii. and it being afuo the occaaiou of the .Sabbath school anniversary, a "numerous choir of the Stbbatli Echo,''! children occu pied the scats in front of the .organ. Morn ing set vice was conducted in j-ho usual manner, special hymns being used for the auniverEary, aud Mr. Qaick preaohod I-om Acts ii , 39 — "For the premiss is unto yo," and to your ahildreo, and to all that are afai' off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call" The sermon was plain, praotical, and earnest. He pointed out first the import of the promise — that the Holy Spirit was to be sent— and that, in order to understand frilly how much this embraced, we must under stand that the Holy Ghost the Comforter was as muoh a divine personality, endowed with personal attribntes, and able to perform personal acts, as the Lord Jesus himself. He next Bhowed the application of the pro mise, and lastly poiuled out the conditions of i's fulfilment. In embracing "all that are afar off" he said it gave encouragement to the prosocution-of Christian missions, not only in the remotest corners of the world, but at heme, for it wa3 a sad fact that at our very doors there were many who might be said to be "tar off" from thB way oi life, In the afternoon an address was given to the Sabbath school-.children by the Rev. W. Burridge, and in the evening the Rev. Jphn Watsford preached, continuing the an niversary, services. This evening a tea and publio meeting will be held, at whipl; ad dresses will be delivered. . The edifice of hit. Peter and St. Paul, Em<;rald->&). 6! which an account appeared in Saturday's issue, was solemnly consecrated yesterday forenoou, according to the usual ceremonial of tho Roman Catholic Church. Th? ceremony ooaiifiOiicod at eleven o'clock with a procession of tho bishop and attendant clergy from the western entrance along the oentro of tho navo to the altar. Pontifical high mass was then performed, the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, tho bishop, being celebrant ; tho Very Rev. Dr. Fitapatriek, vicar- general, being assistant priest j the Rev. P. O'Mcara, deacon ; tho Rev. — O'ConneU, sub-deaoon ; and tho Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan, master of the ceremonies.' The musio of the mass, whioh was Haydn's No. 3, was rendered by a full orchestra and choir, assisted by several in- Btrnmentalists. Miss Spiller aud Miss Power were soprano, Mr. T. B, Brown was bass, Mr. T. Ewart, tenor, Miss Richardson, con tralto, and Mr. O'Gorraan, organist and leader. . On ihe mass being concluded the Rev. Win. Kelly, S.J., preached an eloquent and appropriate sermon on tho subject of the Good Shepherd. The spaoions edifice was crowded, and £100 was received for tickets alone. 