;^ .'.?;' ...' SPOUTING. ,. Bv.Oi.d Joiuwck's Giiobt. OurJiaiuiicapporB woro not long in doclaring tho weights for our two handicaps ; for on Wed nesday .last tho many anxious eriquiribs as to '? whp'w'd'iilcVget the best of it ?'? wore, answered by tho weights boing posted up in ditforent places in town. .?'?'?':' ' '''?'?'? '','?.' '' ''.',' ''? '..?'' OF nnnvBo. an iii noavlv evorv handican that is isauod,' the weiglits. wore condemned^ but I tliink I can risk saying that, taking 'things as tlujy' are -at prcsont,' the grumblors aro in tho minority. Tliat bur handicaps are porfcot I will not'for a momont assort ; but after all what is it but simply o^ matter of opinion^ It is vmnecos sary for mo to say that Premier's woighfe was considorod too much; but really with all tlio talk thoro has boon about him I don't think tlioro is ono of his friends who can show that ho hoa: boon dealt unfairly with. Wo will tako, jiiBt for argument's sako, his running with Groy skim ; with two exceptions this year tho mnro has beon handicappod a fow pounds bolow Pro mior, and has boaton him ; but when sho was asked to givo Premior lllbs. in tho Toowoomba ,Cup she was boaton oasily ; in tho same race Grafton only just got in beforo Premier, tho lattor allowing 1 st. 3 lbs. ; and again, for tho Clifford Plato, Promior is placod before tho mare wifcn only olbs. in hand, so that it will do soon that although Premier is not in light, it cannot at tho sanio time be said that ho is unjustly doalt with. Foam only just managed to boat him for tho Toowoomba Cup, and ho allowed her 21bs. ; hero the two aro weighted equally ; Groy skiin allows Promior 51bs. in the District Plato and Slbs. in the Annual Handicap ; and Premier only -allows Grafton 81bs. in oach handioap. I think Ruddlo will not havo room to grumblo at all events ;? for if Promior is not let in I can not help thinking thatBlaitliwaito is. I would 'liavo placed jiiriv on- a par with Grey skim,1 as Ids performance stamps him as second to nonp in pur handicaps.- Wo. will take both-horseB'perfol'in-] ancos with Zoiiobio, ? for instance. -In the Stew ards' Gup, at Toowoomba, ??Greyskihi i gave Zonobia lOlbs. and only boat her by half a:head. Blaithwaite gave ? Zenobia ' 51bs. in' the 'Forced Handicap and aboatingj. and '- in -tho Clifford Plato. ho allowed her OlbsJ and boat her. ; Grey-' skim was in this race ? also, and only allowed Blaithwaito'31bs.y but was unablo to keep com pany with him. ! To bIiow that Zenobia's running canbo relied upon, I need only. stato that Groy skini beat Zenobia by half ahead, allowing her' lOlbs., but Zenobia' boat hor whon allowod 121bs. In the Annual -Handicap Greyakim allo\vs Blaithwaito 71bs. ' '??? ' ???'??; ' Adventuress : has at least eight or ton pounds too much; although I do not blame the handi cappors for keeping thoir oyos oh her, I cannot lielp thinking .they have dealt harshly with her. Groyskim gavb her 1st. Olbsi in Brisbane and boathor; slio gave her 1st. 81bs. in Ipswich and a beating; and in Toowoomba sho gjive' hor' 2at.. Gibs. and. boat hor. In tho District Plate 'Groyskim only allows her 1st. 91bs., and in'tiie Annual Handicap 21bs. less than that. : Blaith waito inot Adventuross twice and, whipped hor each time, allowing her 1st.' 121bs. and 2st. 31bs; respectively. ? In tho Annual Handicap Advon turess only receives 141bs. from him. . Judex only met her onco and allowed her lOlbs., and beat her a. long way off; hero tho mare gives him 41bs. in each handicap. '?:??-? ? ' , _ .. Grafton ia' heavily weighted remembering his porformancea this year, but I don't think thero i.-i much to complain of, as I consider him pounds a bettor horse on our course. ; .????, ' : ?' Fishhook, of courso; is weighted too heavily ; Moonboain boat him easily in Brisbano with only ?libs, in hand; but in our Distriot Plate Fish hook has to allow hor Mlbs;. At' all events I don't tliink there is any very sorioua error committed, aiUl I.hopo to soo a good, field of horsos. I must give it as my opinion that our handicappers : commonce too high ; 93t. Olba. is a good load to carry over any course, much moro over ours. . '?».?? ' ' 