LOCAL NEWS. The manager of the Hay Standard presents his compliments to those gentlemen who have re ceived accounts, and begs the favour of cash as soon as convenient — he is in want of money. Rev. S. A. Hamilton begs to ac knowledge with thanks the receipt of £25, as a subscription to the building fund of his Church, from Messrs Cochrane, Wilson, and Brush, of Burrabogie station. Ghosts. — Speaking of the ghost stories that have recently appeared in the Hay Standard, Mr Welsh, cne of the first Riverine overlanders, related his experience of the headless trooper of the Black Swamp. One night he was camped there — a thing j which in those days hardly anyone would do. His mob of cattle were lying on a bit of rising' ground, and about midnight he ' rode quietly round them to see that all was safe. On refcurni ng to his camp fire he noticed, oh ! horror of horrors ! something white, it was moving along, but, although nothing else could be seen, there was a tramp of many feet ; such a circumstance in ! such a place was enough to make the stoutest heart quail — but our friend, though he felt queer, was determined to see what it was ; he rode towards it, but it receded as he neared it ; however, he kept on the track, until at last, he came up with the thing, which turned out to be a white cow, accompanied by another of dark colour, which could not be seen in the night until close upon- it — the idea of the supernatural having been demolished he drove the stray animals back to the herd ; having, b)?- his boldness, spoilt a real good ghost story. Lecture to Boys and Girls. — Last Thursday night Mr James Mac gregor, according to announcement, met the boys and girls of Hay in the new Presbyterian Church. The building was filled a good; many adults being pres0tit. The lecturer had six texts or mottoes in large print hung on each side of ;the plat form; they were ' Be good,' u\Be glad,' ' Be glorious,' ' Be thank ful,' ' Be toiling j' ' Be true he took the simile of . a good soldier — what r he' would do and what to avoid, .and brought out the corres ponding characters of. boys as ex hibited'in their play at marbles, and amongst their sisters and brothers at home. The interest of the chil dren _was; fully sustained; bursts of laughter being continuously elicited by : the quaint and forcible way Mr Macgregor took to bring his meaning down to the capacities of even the youngest amongst them. He gave the children copies of one of Long fellow's pieces named Flowerde Luce, and offered a handsome prize to the boy or girl who recited it in the best style, when called upon in a few weeks hence. Notice will be given in this paper of the meeting to contest for the prize — when another pleasant evening may be expected by the children of Hay. Mr Moriarty, Chief Engineer ofj Rivers and Harbours, arrives in I Hay to-day, he has a boat's i crew with him and is making a survey of the Murrumbidgee, pre paratory to snagging. These snagging operations are looked upon with great coldness, and many es- j teem them a waste of public money. What we require is a cheap railway from Moama to Hay, which we would really be obliged to the Government to ma,ke for us, or to allow us to make for ourselves. I. lie tendency of snagging is to let the river empty itself quicker than it would otherwise do, and to pre vent the overflow which fills our creeks, dams, and inland lakes. A railway from Hay to Moama would enable fat sheep to be trucked to market ; would encourage the es tablishment of meat- preserving works here ; would admit of the wool clip being sent to port without the heavy charge for insurance on river borne wool ; would steady the price of the staff of life (flour) by presenting a uniformly cheap mode of carriage, whether in time of drought or flood ; and would enable business to be worked in Riverina more- satisfactorily, and with much less capital than at present. We hope the new Ministry will com mend themselves to Riverina by the prompt initiation of a measure either for making a Government line be tween Moama and Hay, or offering a small guarantee to induce private capital to be embarked in the work. There is a vast accumulation of money lying idle, and here might bo a profitable outlet for some of it. Such a railway would bring into profitable use a vast amount of un occupied country in Riverina, and so increase the income from hence by the additional rent and assess ment. This snagging business is the labour of Sisyphus. We question if there is a single soul on the lower Murrumbidgee receives the slightest benefit from it. Whereas such an outlet as a railway would afford for private capital would not only be I good for all clasess here, but would benefit capitalists generally, in Sydney, and elsewhere. Town and Country Journal. — The special correspondent, Mr. Heaton, is now in Hay, in the course of a very extensive tour. The journal named is making great efforts to gain public favour, and we believe successfully. The wood engravings which are profusely given are cut by their own engravers, and are excellent specimens of the art. Last week it contained sever?! truthful pictures of public buildings in Deniliquin, and shortly, no doubt, the town of Hay will figure in its pages. Appointment. — Miv Farnell, the new Minister for Lands, has sent authority to the local scab inspectors to remove trespassers froth Crown Lands, and to recover the pen alties provided for by law. The owners have thus, through their inspectors, the power direct to remove trespassers from their runs, which will doubtless prove advantageous. Wesieyan. — The Rev. Wm. Weston will conduct Divine Service at Booligal next Sab bath day, morning and evening. Free Selection. — Thos. Flynn, 80 acres, and Fred. Johnston, 50 acres, on Benduck run. Hay Municipality. — In our advertising columns will he found the Proclamation of the Municipality. 