THN STORY-TELLER. A GHOST STO RY. T ,:he following simple narrative was t: 'aken down in short-hand from.the -lips f t-:fhe narrator. He is a man now get t::ing on in years, who distrustful of .ll other: people's experience verging on what we impertinently term the super natural, scarcely even ventures to believe his own. As a statement at first hand of an appearance testified to by the narrator and corroborated by his wife, both living, it has seemed to me, while simply trans scribing the notes, to possess an interest oftenwanting in more artistic stories of artificial manufacture. ;. My wife's sister, Mrs. M., was left a widow at the age of thirty-five, with two children, girls, of whom she was passion ately fond. She carried on the draper's business at Bognor, established by her husband. Being still a very handsome 'woman, there were several suitors for her hand. The only favoured one among them was a Mr. Barton. My wife never liked this Mr. Barton, and made no secret of her feelings to her sister, whom she frequently, told that Barton only wanted to be master of the little haber dashery shop in Bognor. He was a man in poor circum6tances, and had no other motive in his proposal of marriage, so my wife thought, than to better himself. On-the 23rd of August, 1831, Mrs. M. arranged to go with Barton to a pic-nic at Goodwood Park, the seat of the Duke of Richmond, who had kindly thrown open his grounds to the public for the day8. My wife, a little annoyed at her Sgoing out with this man, told her she had ai auch better remain at home to look after h er children and attend to the business. Mrs. M, however, bent on going, made riiralntgements about leaving the shop, and : 5got my wife to promise" to see to her little -' irls while she was away. \- The party set out in a four-wheel nSihaeton with a pair of ponies driven by Sfrs.: M., and a gig for which I lent my o :: hrse. Now we did not expect them to come o:obk'-till nine or ten o'clock, at any rate. :I nmentibn:this particularly to show that t.::.here could be -no expectation of' their d-:larier return in the mind of my wife, to -:acount for what follows. :At si· o'clock that bright summer's cvening my w'ife went out into the.gar den to call the childhen. Notfindiiig them she weiit all round the place in her search till she came to the empty stable ; thinking they might have run in there to play, she pushed open the door ; therestanding in the darkeat corner, she saw Mrs. M. My wife was surprised to see her, certainly, for she did not expect her return so soon; but, oddly enough, it did not strike her as being singular to see her there. Fexed as she had felt with her all day for going, and rather glad, in her woman's way, to have something entirely different from the genuine casus ielli to hang a retort upon, my wife said, " Well, Harriet, I should have .thought another dress would have done, quite as well for your pic-nic as that best black silk you have on." My wife was the elder of the twain, and had always as sumed a little of the air of counsellor to her sister. Black silks were thought a great deal more of at that time than they are just now, and silk of any kind was held particularly inconsistent wear for Wesleyan Methodists, to which denomi nation we belonged. Receiving no answer, my wife said, " Oh! well, Harriet, if you can't take a word. of reproof without being sulkly, I'll leave you to yourself," and then came into the house to tell me the party had returned, and that she had seen her sis ter in the stable, not in the best of tem pers. At the moment it did not seem ex traordinary to me that my wife should have met her sister in the stable. I waited in-doors some time, expecting them to return my house. Mrs. M. was my neighbour, and, living so close, and being always on most friendly terms, I wondered that none of the party had come in to tell us about the day's pleasure. I thought I would just run in and see how they had got on. To my great surprise, the servant told me the5 had not returned. I began then to feel anxiety about the result. My wife, however, having seen Harriet in the stable, refused to believe the servant's assertion, and said there was no doubt of their return, but that they had probably left word to say they were not come back, in order to offer a plausible excuse for taking a further drive, and detaining my horse for another hour or so. At eleven o'clock Mr. Pinnock, my brother-in-law, who had been one of the party, came in, apparently much agi tated. As soon as she saw him, and be fore he had time to speak, my wife seemed to know whathe had to say. "What is the matter ?" she said. "Something has happened to Harriet, I know !" "Yes," replied Mr. Pinnock. " If you wish to. see her alive, you must come with me directly to Goodwood." From what he said, it appeared that one of the ponies had never been properly broken in; that the man from whom the turn-out was hired for the day had cau tioned Mrs. M. respecting it before they started; and that he had lent it reluct antly, being the-only pony to match he had in the stable at the time, and would not have lent it at all had he not known Mrs. M. to be a remarkably good whip. On reaching Goodwood, it seems, the gentlemen of the party had got out, leav ing the ladies to take a drive round the park in the phaeton. One or both of the ponie~ must then have taken fright at something in the road, for Mrs. M. had scarcely takei the'reins when the ponies shied. Had their been plenty of room she would readily have mastered the diffi culty,.but it was in a narrow road where a gate obstructed the way. Some~ men rushed to open the gate; too late. The three other ladies jumped out at the be ginning of the accident, but Mrs. M. still held on to the reins, seeking to control her ponies, until, finding it was impos sible for the men to get the gate open in time, she, too, sprang forward; at the same instant the ponies came smash on to the gate. Shehad made herspring too late, and4fell heavily to the ground on her head. The heavy, old-fashioned comb of the period, with' which her hair was looped up, was driven into her skull by the force of the fall. The Duke of Rich mond, a witness to the accident, ran to her assistance, lifted her up, and rested her head upon his knees. The only words Mr. M. had spoken were uttered at that time-" Good God, my children!" By direction of the duke, she was immedi ately conveyed to a neighbouring inn, where every assistance, medical and other wise that forethought or kindness could suggest was afforded her. At six o'clock in the evening, the time at which my wife had gone into the stable and seen what we both now knew had been her spirit, Mrs. M[., in her sole in terval of returning consciousness,,. had made a violent but unsuccessful attempt to speak. From the glance having wandered round the room, in solemn, awful wistfulness, it had been conjectured she wishedto see some relative or friend not then present. . I went to Goodwood in the gig with Mr. Pinnock, and arrived in time to see • - 2 -, ..: / . , . ,. my sister-in-law die at two o'clock in the morning. Her only conscious moments had been those in which she laboured unsuiccessfully to speak, which had oc curred at six o'clock. Shewore a blackl silk dress. When we came to dispose of her busi ness, and to. wind up h6r affairs, there was scarcely anything left for the two orphan girls. Mrs. M.'s father, how ever, being well to do, took thena up. At his death, which happened soon after 'wards, .his property went to his eldest son, who speedily dissipated the inheri tance. During a space of two years the children were taken as visitors by various relations in turn, and lived an unhappy life with no settled home. For some time I had been debating with myself how to help these children, having many boys and girls of my own to provide for. I had almost settled to take them myself, bad as trade was with me at the time, and bring them up with my own family, when one day business called me to Brighton. The business was so urgent that it necessitated my travel ling at night. I set out from Bognore in a close headed gig on a beautiful moonlight winter's night, when the crisp frozen snow lay deep over the earth, and its fine glistening dust was whiled about in little eddies on the bleak night-wind-driven now and then in stinging powder against my tingling cheek, warm and glowing in the sharp air. I had taken my great dog " Bose" (shortfor "Boatswain") for cpm pany. He lay, blinking wakefully, sprawled out on the spare seat of the gig beneath a mass of warm rugs. Between TLittle Hampton and Worth ing is a lonely piece of road; long and dreary, through bleak and bare open country, where the snow lay knee-deep, sparkling in the moonlight. It. was so cheerless that I turned round to speak to my dog, more for the sake of hearing the sound of a voice than anything else. "' Good Bose," I said, patting him; " there's a good dog !" Then suddenly I noticed he shivered, and slupk under neath the wraps. Then the.:horse re quired my attention, for he gave a start and was going wrong, and had nearly taken me into the ditch. Then I looked up. Walking at my horse's head, dressed in a sweeping robe, so white that it shone dazzling against the white snow, I saw a lady, her back turned . to me, her head bare; her hair dishevelled and strayed, showing sharp and black against her white, dress. ... . I was at first so much surprised at see ing a lady, so dressed, exposed to the open night, and such a night as this, that T scarcely knew what to do. Recovering myself, I called out to know if I could render assistance-if she wished to ride ? No answer. I drove faster, the horse blinking, and shying, and trembling the while, his ears laid back in abject terror-. Still the figure maintained its position close to my horse's head. Then I thought that what I saw was no woman, but per chance a man disguised for the purpose of robbing me, seeking an opportunity to seize the bridle and stop thehorse. Filled with this idea, I said, "Good Bose ! hi ! look at it, boy !" but the dog only shivered, as if in fright. Then we came to a place where four cross- roads met. Determined to know the worst, I pulled up the horse. I fetched Bose, unwilling, out by the ears. He was a good dog at anything from arat to a man, but he slunk away that night into the hedge, and lay there, his head between his paws, whining and howling.. I walked straight up to the figure, still standing by the horse's head. As I walked, the figure turned, and I saw Harriet'sfacs as plainly as I see you now-white and calm placid, as idealised and beautified by death. I must own that though not a nervous man, in that instant I felt sick and faint. Harriet look me full in the face with a long, eager, silent look. I knew then it was her spirit, and felt a strange calm come over me, for I knew it'was nothing to harm me. When I could speak, I asked what troubled her. She looked at me still-never changing that cold fixed stare. Then I felt in my mind it was her children, and I said : " Harriet ? Is it for your children you are troubled P No answer. " Harriet," I continued, "if for these you are troubled, be assured they shall never want while I have power to help them. Still no answer. I put up my hand to wipe from my forehead the cold perspiration which had gathered there. When I took my hand away from shading my eyes, the figure was gone. I was alone on the bleak snow-covered ground. The breeze, that had been hushed before, breathed coolly and gratefully on my face, and the cold stars glimmered and sparkled sharply in the far blue heavens. My dog crept up to me and furtively licked my hand, as who should say, " Good master, don't be angry, I have seried you in all but this." I took the children 'and brought them up till they could help themselves. 