Sfic(!|'Oi;iuu;ill(!|'fu;Diiidc THE LAUNCESTOti TtM ES. Fmdav, ArniL 2C, 1872. TnR proposal for an uninn of Tasmania nilli Victoria meets with little favor at the hands of the jonrnaYisls of tbe south. Tlic new Hobart Town paper, the Tribune, scouts it us an ' eminently demoralising and unprofitable'' proposi tion. ; tlic Mercury laughs at it ; and were it not veil known that 'time works wonders,' nnd tliat nature's laws arc crcr unerring and insjorablo, we elioald really begin to tl-nk that in submitting tlie question ' t public -onsi deration ire bad been guilty of a very absurd action. Our infant contemporary adopts the Una of argument taken tip some time back by our Hobart Town correspondent, and objects Is tbe proposal for union because he think; it would, amount to ' an act of sclf-immolilion, ' a confession of ' our im opacity to discharge the func tion ; of self-government.' In previous articles we hove answorcd this objection, but may now be pe.JiitUsd to ask our contemporary whether bo really and seriously believoe that tho Tasmanians of tlic present day an capable of suc ci ssfully discharging the functions of sclf-goTcromcnt ? Wcliarcnotfartolook for »n ans«cr, wliich may be taken as authentic, seeing it is supplied by our contemporary dim self. Four days after ho had dealt with tlic humiliating con fession invoked in tbe proposal to ' unite,' lie publishes an article on the Customs revenue, iu tho course of which he asserts the fact that 'our revenue, under self - government, ha i been constantly declining for sixteen years, although supported by tariffs proportionately increasing duilng tho some pariod.1' This is certainly curious evidence as to ' our capacity (or dis charging the function* of (wlfgovcrn ment.1' But our contemporary goes further mid says, ' It must be remem bered that during the above period our population boa tonuderably augmented, although for tho last decade, the unmis tekeable c\ '.deuce of (lit elimination of its adult elements is apparent, luc CuKtons must decline v 1th the decrease of tbo principal consuming power, and tiiis power is unquestionably (he working and matured manhood of the country. While tliis is weakening, the receipts from tho Customs cannot hut decrease and by the revenue from Customs, under oar financial system, (lie progress or non-progress of tlie country can alone bo judged.' Very true words thc*o — tho precise tone tf Ilie warnings wo have during several yeare post been proclni.'»in^ throughout tlie length and breadth of the land. But this admitted, what can our ron- temporary hive to Ray in favor of ' our capacity for self-government '!' Tho working and mntnre.1 manhood of tho country are gradually and steadily leaving us — going to Victoria. Tho producing and consuming powers are alike diminishing, and as we said a few days ago, tbo colony 'will soon be left to 'oil men, women, and babes.'1 Yet we are told in heroic terms of our capacity for 'self-go- vernment.' Wbftt thoroughgoing cant ing rubbish this is ! II our contem porary means what lie snys, we scorn to hare a rare capacity for miigovcrnmcnt rather than self-government. We em rnn the country into debt and spend the money, without having a solitary im provement to show for it We can drive the native youth with the matured man hood of tie conntry from its shores. We can shut onr yeomen and farmers dp in the remote bosh, and never von. «Mat what m»ns tltoy b«eof rendering the produce of their industry available. We ran put talcs upon every article they cat, drink, or wear, and cannot oven allow tliem to pay their way without tho intervention of the Queen's imago in the shape of a 6tamp tax imposed for the privilege of so doing. Tlic air we breathe hnsni been taxed yet, but doubt less this will be found included among tin' new imposts tmii Iu bt- ' looming in tho distunco.' These are some of the proofs of our capacity for selfgovern ment. Then look at our political insti tutions, the pride and glory of our 'constitution and separate indepen dence.' What a stupendous farce is U';k ponderous system of King, Lorde, and Commons — this representative self go\c..ini2n' — wh n impo;ed upon a miserable littlo country with from iWrly lo thirty-live thousand adult mnio inha bitants. Why our constituencies arc almost unrepresented. There arc not tbe men in the island Gtlcd to occupy political positions, ami Iho result is that tlic whole power of tho country centres iu a few men who form their own family cliques nnd interests, and do with the place s»i! tbo people just what tiny ivi!!. Such ia our ' capacity for selfgovern ment.' Wo said lately there was no analijy betwem the in.'on of Scotland with England and the pruposcd union of this colony with Victoiia. If the main surroundings diflciyhowcvcr, many of the circumstauces arc identical. In a copy of Cliamlers'i Journal, published so far back as March, ISS'2, we find an articlo on this subject, in which the writer — sp aking cf Scotland prior to the union — fictures with wonderful accu racy tbo prc-cnt position of Ta manin. He says — ' Our trade had decayed, and our capital, like our court, bad emigrated to 6ccuicr hannts; famine overspread the land ; agriculture was ataslandst'll, and our tn.lc was too inconsiderable (o yield a revenue adequate to the necessities of the slate. What littlo did uccruo was the prty of ra pacious stdlosnicn. * * Wo had no I eculiar native product for exchanging; nothing that we held not in common with more powerful Jivals, save our cnttlo and our w:ol.' Now, saving the reference to famine anil the i migration of the conri, this is a very true picture of the present coudition of Tasmania. The cud, wo believe, will be much the same. Already our effective adult population are mal-:ng for Victoiia. Onr mar riageable girls are finding Victorian husbands : slowly, hut surely, the family interests of the two colonies are blending; nnd th o token iu con nection with the financial and com mercial intcri 6ts of both colonies imi6t sooner or later biing about an union. It is a simple question of time. Thcrc Bin be no doubt that in (he or Jinaty course of events Tasmania will yield up her constitution and separate independence and put hcr icll under tbo Victorian flag. By so loing she will in ref t:ty yield np no thing, excepting Uio pleasure of being taxed to maintain nn army of leeches oho for years past have been sucking her very life's blood. It liae bern said that in the event of union th? gain would be all on tho side of Victoria, but this argument we may answer by quot ing again from the article to which we have referred, a passage on tho advantage of I'nion Ictwcm iei'»t..'-s eo -ltii«l«l as the A u lin'lnn colonies. ' In tlic nature of tl in-'S by the i onxlitn ion of society — in an union for .t-on.itv — in n compact for safety — in a bond for even equal gain, tho rtrongest must reap fewest benefits — the richest least of profit — tho vi?«lf=ft mo it of holh. And where honor is notsaciific d, nor liberty abridge I, hois as little of a pat-):t as ho is of a phl'ornphir, w|io would oppose such an amicable coa\eEc;ncc vritli fanciful anticipations or vague generalities of speech. Why, by what means is it I hat slates advance iu refinement, and ccuntiiei iu civiii cation? By the combination of many small and dcUchod hpdjes into one com pact whole— by first tlie union of fami lies, next of triboj, of clans, of districts and of kingdoms. England has had its heptarckv — I ?? land its many co-exi lent monarchs — Siotland its coeial k;ngs. JJutraankindjioon learn the valucofunion, and of tbu division of labor | and petty states join to form nations, vita would else have wasted their energies In pro datory warfare and perpetual heart burnings.' If vo desire to substitute in (his colonr industry fcr idle ness, and wealth for poverty; if wr would ebow that we bayc in reality a ' capacity for the functions of self government,' we will seek a hcathful and power-giving union al the oarlic-.l possible moment, and to secure tbe right of cKcrcising our ' capacity' iu an arena where iU influence will be felt, and whero it may bo exorcised for the real good of the country. Br the s.s. Tamar a Tnemanian who owns an allotment of land near Dalo. rnine, returned here uilh the intphlion of settling on his lnnd and throning in his lot vith Iho future of the colony whatever it nlny be. lje hud brought with him a foiir-whocled spring wagon, the work of his own bands, and for that reason more than for iU intrinsic value, he and his wife did not wish to part with it. lie was about to laud this bush niado wagon whan lie was Informed by one of (ho Custom House officers that the duly upon it would be £10 and wharfage £1. Now, the wagon is so roughly put togolhor that if put tip at auction by Dell and Wcsthrook tomor row it is quostionable whether a bid would be made for it, or that more than £2 or £3 could be obUiuod for it under any circumstances. The owner was so struck with tj.ifi mods tlio Government had adopted of encouraging industrious men to tattle in the colony that, without further hesitation, be deoidfid on returning to Victoria, end be leaves to- day, taking his wagon and e!l Kngooai vflft him He also lcavei instruction! ta sell off bis allotment of land al any price it may fetch, and slinking tho dust of Launces ton from his feet bide adieu to Tasmania for ever. Tlie man, who, with defective tools bad the skill and perseverance to make each a rchiclcas this rough spring wagon, is just the man likely to turn out a successful settler anywhorc. He would surmount Jifnculiius when others loss scir-relinnt would succumb lo them. The reception and prompt repulse- he has met wilh at Iho hands of the local Government, may be beneficial to himself though a loss lo the colony. It is as tho French settler in the backwoods sii'd when ho shot the red Indian— pt ur encourayer Ice autrtf. Tuc s.s. Timab— The steamship Tamar will leave the Queen's wharf for Melbourne al 2 p.m. lo-dny. The following passengers had secured berths on board yesterday :~ Mr, Mrs, and Miss Arthur, Mias C Arfhur, Mr and Mrs Clarence, Mrs Cogswell, Mr and Mrs Hopkins, Messrs Morgan, Ucorgc and .luinoa Smiberl, U. Arthur, and Jones. I'uiisii Fisn FBouTnB Sruttrs. — The fifihinu; 6mack Colleen Buwn arrived at the Market Wharf at 2 o'clock yesterday from a fortni-;ht's cruise, iu the straits. She had a largo number of crayfish, and her wells full of trumpeter, trcvally, ruck cod, aud a variety ol other fish all alive. The ttumpoter wore very fine. One large fellow was purchased and lwrne off by Iho landlord of tho Star lioU'l. It wcicVd about l-'lbs., and being the Guest fish on board it sold for cif;hl shillings. £2 8s per dozen or Is each was demanded for trumpeter of smaller siie. The cargo was bought up rapidly. Mails nr the L. &, \V. ltiiLWAr. New arrauccments have been made for the dispatch nnd arrival of mails by the £,. & W. Uaitway, aud*tlic secretary to the post office has sent us a copy of the new timl»(ahlc, which will come into force on 1st proximo. Tho mail will close at LsuDCMton for all places along the line al 7.45 a.m., nnd S.45 p.m., and will arrive lit Lauuceston at 10.30 am., and 0.30 p.m. Additional mails will closo nt Ijauiiecston for l'erth daily al 6 ii m and will bo forwarded by the Ho lart Town coach. Mir's will also be dis patched from l'crlh to Lsunecston por mail coach.elosiiiK it l'erth at 9 p.m. daily. The luaiis for Iiaunccslon from imst-ofliecs south of Perth will be sent as usual per mail coach through to Launccstou. The mnils wliich arrive nt Lauuceslon by the fi.30 p.m. train will he deliviwd upon application at the enquiry window of the posl-ofucc before 7 o'clock p.m. ; and such as arc not called for will be sent out for delivery by the Idler carriers on Ihe next morning, at 0 o'clock. Letters addressed lo places beyond Dclorainc will be de spatched iu llio Hi'loraine mail-bag on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, by the trains leaving Launccston at 4.30 p.m. Biunnv the Inimitable and his Company.— Iu consequcucc of the heavy fall of rain the Theatre lioyul was not opened on Wednesday cveniug, and Sir Barlow nnH. his star company lei I totvn ycBtordayfor Deloraine, where they Here to perform last night. llEnnixos.— It is reported by Cap lain Mnnscr of the Hipp, that ou Tues day, about 10 a.m., he pasted through n vnrv Inn*!* shonl oi hcrnnirs, oil Five Mile Hluu', and that thi-v appeared to bo making for the Holds. CBlCKur.-l'lio single wioket crieket match between Still, Cleary, Daley, aud Fuller, and Arthur, W. Collins, HogR, and liailry having becu interrupted by the wet weather ou Saturday last, will be played over again to-morrow, wealher per mitting. Wickets to he pilchcJ at 10 a.m. NbK-Pmriwr of JUtes.— Hit Wor ship the Mayor presided at the Town Hall yosterday lo disposo of sevcnly-fivc cases of non-payment of rates. Summonses had been issued lo lliatextcnt.althougli so many cases had previously been dealt with. In many cases Ilie Mnyor found it necessary to issue orders for immediate payment, but in others payment by in stalments was allowed. Tasmania* Tobp Club.— The pro po«al to hold an autumn race meeting, under (he auspices of our juvenile 1'urf Club, has created quite a flutter in sport ing circles. One member of committee, Mr I). W. Barnard, has resigned, and it is reported that I)r Mason has been elected iif his stead ; bul as there has been no meeting of tho members of the club since, we hardly ijiink Ill's possible. AcorrcsponJeut rails attention to lliemat ler elsewhere. As stated in our last, a nuraerousl}* signed requisition has been presented to the committoc ailing them to call a special general meeting to re* consider (he resolution sanctioning the autumn races, and this meeting is to be held on Tuesday eveniug next at 7 o'clock. Wo have no doubt what ever that a great mistake was made when tlio Queen's birthday facet were sanctioned under club allspices, nnd shall be L,lad lo hear that the resolution has been rescinded. The club is not strong enough yet to interfere in more than an annual meeting. If further racing is thought expedient, it should, be managed outside the club, although that inslilutiou may properly give its patron ogc, and, if thought desirable, a club stake lo bo ruu for. However, the mem bers will have an opportunity of pronoun cing upon this question on Tuesday. ??HaveVoo Suck tits Ghost?'— This question was put by a smart Tas. minian youngsler lo a companion yosUr day forenoon iu Urisbanc-slrcct. 'Ghost. Xo ! What Rliost f ' irai tho ?vjsindvr. ' What ghost ! Why the ghost of the shillings that weren't subscribed to pay for the fireworks last Monday night.'1 Sinart hoy Hint ! By the way, if those who cn|oye4 tltoinsclvoii ai|d forgot to subscribe don't vant tq he haunted by the dread spirit referred to, they bad better propitiate tlio phantom with all speed by letrlug llielr shillings with Messrs. Hudson and Hopwood, Qt'iiL Shootino.— The season having commenced, Humorous parlies Iiavo been amusing themselves the last few days. A party of tlicao succeeded iu bagemp; 50 brace on Tuesday, but wo hoar Uio birds are not so numerous this season as they hare been known to be heretofore, and on some lands the sportsmen are looked upon as trespassers, and threatened with prose cution. Tip airiicr] nl the lands consider they have the best right to ihu game fre quenting then). TSOUNDlA.a[SM AT BlFtTOranor/CVB AND Vicikitv.— Much valuiblo property has r.'ccntlv been destrovod br lira at farm sKB'is in Iho vicinity of liiVl.opslwunie, nnd Ifr George IVlinson offers a rcnard of £20 for i-ui-li information o« will lead to tlic conviction of the incendiary who sol his Irarn, liar, and straw slacks on fire helweeu 7 and 8 o'clock on Tin-slay night last. In addition lo the stnrks and barn 29 baps of whcal. a weighing mnchiim, sundries, and a wngon loaded frith gunno were all destroyed, The loss iseslimatcd atC200. ThoTJeprotai-yof ll|e Cornwall Insurance Company nWooffersCSO reward for such information as will load to the conviction of Ike incendiary who set a quantity or hoy on firo at Coolmore, the residence of Mr Jo'tn PcnrcOt oil Simony last. It is to he hoped that the offer of these rewards will lead -a tlic detection of the euilty parties, and that the nclual motives for such wholesale destruction of property may be dUcoverod, as nono can be assigned at present. Ladsceston and Westebn Railway. »By advertisement in another column tbe soorotary announoei tlio train altera tions for May. The morning twins will leave Launcciton at 8 and Deloraine at 7-25 a.m. ; tbe afternoon trains will leave Launcoslon at 6 aud Deloraine at 4'25 p.m. Tho mid-day (rains will run on Mondays and Fridays only. Town Mission.— The annual meeting of the Sown Mission will be held in Uio plassrroom of the McabanicV Institute ou Tuesday evening sett Chair to In Ukeq Bt 7 30 p.m. Tho committee respectfully Invite the public to attend and bear the eportf tad toko part in &e; prooee4ingi. SUxnv or FIotcib nr Aid or tbi Nbw Catholic Cacton, WEircunT.— All who have read Father Hogan's pathetic appeal will know what a great and costiy vork he and bis churchwardens and congregation have undertaken. The church is now complete as to the walls, plainly as walls can speak ' roof us, pro tect lit, givo us that unification without which there is no strength.' In such a work as this tbo smallest offering must not be disregarded nr withheM, rcuicuiocr ing llmlonco Uio smallest gift was specially blessed. A convenient opportunity is now auorded lo those who liuve little to five by which they uiuy contribute lo this great pur|K-se. A very beautiful picture, very favourably spokcu of iu tbo l£nglish newspapers when exhibited at the ltoyal Academy, on 1 valued there at £50 is lo bo raffled, to provide some present ready money much needed. Tbe picture ro presents a poor monk in his poor cell playing upon bis fiddle, perhaps oompos mir some musie-nocin that is to charm Iho world. His poor surroundings arc all forgo'.tcn, ho bus brought fairy luud into that obscure place, nud having denied himself many of Iho pleasuron oflbo outer world, he is rewarded in. secret, by the brigliti-r glow of the spirit light within. It ii lo be hoped thai tlic poor monk will not have long to wait before ibo fortunate wiuncr of thepicturo conveys him to his new homo. The bazaar in uid or the church has been putoff until nc\t Easier. This will give everyone time lo make full preparations for that important afiair. — Communicated. Lai'nch of a Nbw Comm.— Yosler- day Mr Hellion launched at the market wharf a handsome, new craft, 23 feet long, 7 feet 6 inches breadth of b.'am, nnd i feet 8 inches depth of hold. She has been named after o 10 of his childrci , '* Lois, ' and is intended as a capacious fishing boat, in . which excursion trips lo the Heads can be wade. Slic will bo fitted up and cuttcr- rigged to-morrow, when a trial-trip between her aud the Beryl will be uiodc down the river in tin? afternoon. Skbious Accident with Boilino Pitch. — On Monday last a boy uamed Thoinas Drury, belonging to tho briu Isabella, was employed on board niching pilch, wbeu some of it spurted out on his lace burning deeply into the flesh. The lad was removed ao speedily as possible to Dr Mason's residence, when it was found that the eyes had fortunately escaped injury. Dr. Mason drcsstd the burns so as lo give the poor boy relief from acute agony, aud this had sucii a beneficial effect that Drnry was con sidered fit to proceed with bis vessel to Maiden Island. Lauv iKLi.auirn OmnATont.— It ap pears that in Victoria the ' Civil Service' is to be revolutionized or reformed by the substitution of real livo civil ladies to posts hitherto filled there by supercilious uncivil public servants or the dominaut scr. Tbo Evening Mail says :— ' A clans for instruction ill telegraphy is one of the excellent institutions in the metropolis, and seventeen young girls attend and will Boon become qualified ojierators. The size of the school might bo greatly enlarged, cannot readily he Rot, so that ' daily ap plications from young girls to bo sulfered jJovmMH of tvoniou in the telegraph offices in J'.nglsnd and America have been so successful, the wouieu, as a rule, owing to delicacy of touch, making Binarlcr ope lators than the men, ihat their employ ment in Victorian olGees should not lie delayed. Tbo fact that the instruction is being given uudor tlio supervision of the Technological Commission shows Dial henceforward (lie path to Government employment, in at least one department, is open to females. There are other drpurl ineuls, the doors cf which should nol be kept closed against them. A decided Rniu to the Civil Service would accrue if the steadiness and intelligence of trained and tried wouien were to supplant the super ciliousness and, iucompctency of a great many males at present ' uudcr Uovern TiibKev. K. Bekxktt.— We under stand that the Uev. N. Bennett is to pro ceed lo Hobart Town, and on Sunday preach the funeral sermon of the late Mr Kipling, builder, wbodicJ on Sunday last. The sermon is lo be preached in the Mcl villo-slroet Wwleyau Church. Mr Ben nettaud Mr Kipling were foimcrly on very intimate terms. d'i'dden Death.— Colonel Bell, who came io Tasmania somo few years ago for the bcnclit of his health, died, I he M,r cui'y says, very suddenly at his residence, Macquanc- strcct, on Tuosday afternoon. The deceased gentleman had not been enjoying very good health lately, iu con sequence of which he was allcudod by Dr Bright, and still more recently by Dr Brereton. Early on Tuesday after uoon, fioucver, be was sufficiently well lo be removed in a conveyance to Mrs Itoberla' in Macquarir-slrcct, where he bad just taken lodgings, but had uot been ia tht] hoiist, more- than a feu ou the arrival of Dr Edwards, who' was sent for immediately, aud was promptly iu uljeudancc, tbe unfortunate gcullcuian had expired. The VomciTY or tiie Codfish.— The following fishy, hut humorous slary ap pears in tlio IFitnoick Arqnt-.—k. cor respondent informs us he h'us incontesta ble proof that the Condamino cod is more voracious in its appelite than the Darling Downs laud shark. He says the shark plays with his viciinis (the dummies) nnd always ' Lijltors them, up' before \w '6lidders them down,' butllio ood treats his in a more summary mauiicr, by swal loK-ing thoui at one gulp. Tiro instances are furnished in proof of Ibis slatement. One of a cod that was pulled out of Iho river near Mr Oxcnliam's, Iho other day, with a full graven oppossum in its mow. An.olb.er was caugl|t qu. Monday, t|oar tho Govcnitnent Bridge, and sqld '(o Mr Dinte, of the Commercial Hotel; it weighed 29 lbs, apd was sent to the kit chen, vitlt ord.?r« to, the ooolf, a hoa.lh.cn Chluoo-rto prepare fur breakfast, as a number of tharebroken and tin mine speculators who Were slaying al the uotc'i would enjoy it as a treat. The Chinaman eyed tho fish with ouc of his niosl ' pen sive un,.| ohlldHko smilos,' »oi«cd his cod, ship by the gills, merely ron,oriing wjil, the nil air/niran so peculiar to liis coun trymen, ' him welly fat pella,' and com menced operations forthwith, but was not a little surprisod to find nn alligator about two feet long ' stretched nt its ease in Iho ttomsch of tlic fi-li.' The alligator wa« dead, and must have been swallowed at the fjrst go. as tharc was not uio siiguteKi sign oi a scraicn on llic corpse, The Uliiiianian gavo the alarm, which spread like wildfire round tho neighbourhood, Lils of people, includ ing tho uiiyor, went lo see tlio pheno menon. Atl inquast n*ns externponsed in a few minutes. No one disputed the fad that tlic cod aud the alligator were both dead, but it was not quile clear how the alligator came by his end, or nbieh end ffeuldown fi f, and the Chinaman, In tbo bcwildorcd s'nt ? of his tqlnd, fat^oi which putl enme out fy rt. MntUQUBNE WiiALnns.— Bcfcrring (p a telegram from Sydney, announcing that tic barque Mary Hamilton hnd been purchased by a firm in Melbourne for whaling puriioscs, the Argtit 6ayB, is an indication iuat (his field of enterprise, which has bean, (til but syslfinattcally neglected in Ibis port, is about to receive some attention. The Mary Hnmillon will be brought round licre to lure the nocenary alterations mndo to fit her for tlie whale fishery trade, and she will be placed in charge of Captain Barlipr, who took away tbo Japan from Ibis port some (wo years ago or more. The equipment ortho Mary Hamilton In boats, wlialinc gear, &o.;, will be quilo equal to (hat o U19 Japan, but it is most likely that fish ing ground will be selected nearer the colony, in preference to the more distant locality ivhero tho Japan came to grief. It is believed that this new venture vfill be iollored up, and other resieli drafted M » likely craft (o be fitted go,t, ' Tub Niw toirn OnittoEHoa or FtK —Speaking of tlio appoiotment of Mr Oharlos St. Julian as Chief Ju«tico of tho Supremo Court and Chancellor of the kingdom of Fiji, the Sj,J*«/ itonhS Herald says :— ' Mr St. .lulian has boon connected with Ihe 71W.1 for nearlv UO years, and for about To years has been tho chief law reporter of this journal. Ho has for nearly 111 years represented the Gjvcrnmer.t of tlio Hawaiian Islands as Consul -General for the Austruliuu colonies and Clunro d1 Affaires for the islands or the South Pacific i aud by the last mail from Hawaii intelligence was received that the king had conferred upon him tho distinc tion -jf Knight Commander of Iho Itoyal Hawaiian Order of Kameliameha I., 111 recognition of services performed in his consular capacity. In 1871 he went as minister for tbe Hawaiian Government to Fiji, lo convey to the sovereign of tho last-named country tho formal congra tulations of His Hawaiian Majesty on the establishment of constitutional mon archy, and tho recognition of such mon archy. Sinco his return ho has written on Iho international slalus of Fiji. Mr St. Julian is a inacislrnUj of the territory of New South Wales, uud ho has filled various minor oflices, such as a road Irua too, &.c. Having been ofl'ered, and having accepted, the Chief Justiceship ofFiji, ho received his commission by Iho barque Mclor, which arrived in Sydney on the 28th ultimo, and he will proceed lo Fiji in that vossel. Wo understand that his elevation to the Fijian Bench is rcgurdod wilh much satisfaction by the members of the legal profession in Sydney. Jfr Charles Eossitnr Forn-ooi is tho first as sociated judge of the Supreme Court, and is at present the ncling Chief Juhticc. JJatu Mariko. (lie second associated judge, is a Fijian chief of high rank, und is said to be. a man of great intelligence— one who is well fitted for his office, and in whom the native chiefs and people have great confidence.' Apstualian Bl'Tteb in tiie Home Mabkki.— The following letter has been received by Mr John BigRor. of Illa warra, Irom Messrs. Merry, Willis, nnd Lloyd, London. It is dated London, 24th January, 1872:— 'Dear Sir,— Wo have not addressed you since. Bth September last, when we advised having sent by the Border Chief a case of samples to your address. Wo notice by telegraph Ihat tlio Border Chief has arrived in Sydney, and we hope shortly (o hear from you agaiu. The l'ricc of Australian butter in this market is now from 60s to 5lis, ac cording to quality. The market is over stocked with inferior buller, but (be best Normandy still commands n very high price, viz., from lCOs to 100s per cwt. Somo shipments of butter from Australia have recently been received packed iu (in lubs or cans, soldered down, nud then again packed in wood eases, eight or ten iu a case ; but this method of pnekiug has not proved of any value, although the cost i stated to bo equal lo 3d per lb on the butler.— We arc, dear Sir. yours truly, Mebbv, Willis, and Lloyd.' 