THEATRE ROYAL. With an intrepidity worthy of a better cause. Miss Rose Evans, on the occasion of her benefit last night, thought proper to pro- duce Shakspeare's tragedy of Hamlet, the beneficiaire assuming the character of the Prince of Denmark. Seeing that the cast was purely one of convonienee, it would be unfair to judge of the acting by the standard usually adopted on the like occasions. The play was mutilated not only by wholesale excisions, but by multifarious misrenderings of the text. Miss Evans's Hamlet was characterised by a sameness of gesture and delivery throughout, and those feats of ven triloquism in which that lady is so wont to indulge. There was an absence of real feeling, for which Miss Evans endeavored to atone by melodramatic vigor and sten torian tones. Miss Evans is another ex ample that the part of Hamlet, involving years of deep study and a thorough knowledge of human nature, is not suited for a lady, however great her talents may be. Mr. Coppin played Polonius, Mr. Munro Laertes, Mr. Claremont the Ghost ; first gravedigger, Mr. R. Stewart; the Queen, Miss Lizzie Bushe; the King, Mr. G. W. Collier; and Ophelia, Miss Docy Stewart. The piece was well mounted, and was re ceived with approbation by certain portions of the house, the upper and lower parts of which were well filled. Miss Rose Evans was honored with several calls. At the conclusion of the piece she ap peared before the curtain, and thanked the audience for their kind reception. She said she had just finished a professional tour through the States and California, where she had been treated as a lady and an artist by the public, but that her heart led her back again to the people of Melbourne and kind friends. She thanked them for the hearty welcome she had received, and also those ladies and gentlemen who had done their best to support her. She had done her best to please, and thought she had suc- ceeded in the legitimate line of characters she had assumed, especially if the want of a regular company to aid her efforts were considered. She stated that she had a number of novelties, which it was her intention to produce as speedily as possible. After once again thanking the audience, Miss Evans re tired amidst applause. The farce of The Two Gregories concluded the evening's en tertainment. To-night the same programme will be repeated. 