The Mining Record. So soon after the great crushing at Krohmann's other events are likely to look email, and indeed at Tam baroora and Trill End there is little to chronicle, but the continuous working of leases with varying success, those on gold- bearing stone averaging good yields. The number of the leases getting into the hands of companies are increasing. Rich stone is being got at the Turon, Box Ridge, and Pyramul, and the whole district around Tambaroora is at present exceedingly busy with the getters of gold and those in search of it. Thp ammint nf mgchinenr in tlis npiolihonrlinnil l a rnrt _ tinually augmented, and fresh crushers are still in progress in Sydney, destined for the same locality. The radius of operations is enlarging, and as more systematic mining is likely to be introduced, with the aid of the joint stock capital now so freely available, it seems likely that the whole country, having TTill End and Tambaroora as a centre, will be at least thoroughly tested. Owing to the want of water during the past fortnight alluvial operations have been dull at Gulgong ; reefing-is being pursued with spirit, but with no remarkable results to note. The Canadian country is still the attractive spot in this quarter. The reefs at Junction Point are now said to be obtaining attention, owing to the persistent working of lease holders, whose returns have been kept secret. Tuena too is again beiog regarded with favour as affording prospects for profitable reefing. Things are pro gressing successfully, though, slowly, at Emu Creek. Of the stone from O'Brien's lately crushed, 340 tons of the 750 tons obtained by twelve week's work, yielded 409 ox. ; the remaining 410 tons, giving 704 oz. The yield 16 not great, but the stone containing this fair average is reported to afford a prospect of long continuance. At the Cuxrajong water has been wanted to enable miners to realise from the materials unearthed, which are said to promise good yields. Reefing has commenced on this field, and a large machine is going up shortly. The Clarence gold fields are now regaining some of the repute that neighbourhood once enjoyed. At Little River there is now a population of about 100 ; at Solferino four or five reefs have been opened and proved payable, the Garibaldi turning out stone containing very fine gold well disseminated. There are active and successful operations at Boorak and Lunatic fields, although the tin fever has drawn away some of the miners. From theLucknow and Phoenix Company's 'Works, in the West, it is reported that in the Uncle Tom. claim a pyritous vein had been struck yielding from 110 to 120 ounces per ton, and the party have a furnace for reducing it. Nothing has yet trans pired as to the value of the reefs at Fernbank, Shoalhaven River, the sinking not being as yet deep enough to afford a test. Among the new diggings the alluvial at Steward's Brook, about forty miles from Muswellbrook, may be mentioned, where it is said there are a large number of men employed earning a very good livelihood. A sensational yield has been obtained at the Fontana mines in the West ; it is reported from Bathurst that as much as 23 lbs. of gold was obtained from a ton of stone. Of course this has given a stimulus to mining in the neighbour hood, where leases are being taken up with avidity. In order to obviate the great delay and inconveni ence occasioned by applications to amend description of lands taken up under mining leases after they have been registered, the department of Government having charge of the mining branch have decided that no such amendments shall in future be allowed. The original descriptions will have to be adhered to, unless after reference to the surveyor it is found that they include land previously taken, or are objection able in other respects. Hill End and Tamharooha. — According to the report in the Times of Saturday, one great object of interest for the week has been to watch the crushing of the much talked of stone from Krohmann's celebrated claim, at Mr. ChappeU's machine, whither numbers of people have re paired during the last two or three days; and now the result, a sensational cake of gold of over 5000 oz,, is the ttpic of universal conversation. It is destimd for the Exhibition. The whole of the gold produced is the result of the crushing of 16£ tone of stuff; it cannot ba properly called quartz, as it consisted almost entirely of pyrites aud gold ; about 9 tons of pyrites were Baved by the blankets, from which about 1000 oz. were derived. The stuff from which all tbiB gold has been obtained will be put through the batteries again with about 80 or 90 tons of poorer stone. The yield would have been larger, but that a number of specimens were picked out and forwaided to the Exhibition. Mr. Chappell estimated that the specimens thUB removed oontain at least 800 oz. of gold. In order to retort this large mass of precious metal, Mr. Chappell constructed a furnace espe cially for the occasion, which answered the purpose admi rably. The shape of the cake is semi-spherical, and its dimensions IS inches in diameter and 9 inches in depth from the crown to the flat. Mr. George Anderson's share in Rapp and Co.'s claim, Hawkins Hill, has been sold for £12,500. Two shares in Fischer and Beard's claim on the hill were sold this week, for £4000 each. The sellers were respectively Messrs. Mistacha and Ahlberg. The Morning Star claim, Hawkins Hill, has been sold right out, and floated into a Company of £12,000 capital. A proclamation in the Government Gazette fixes the rent of leases under the new regulations at £1 per acre. It will be remembered the precise sum was omitted from the code of regulations when they were first published. The All Nations claim, next the Frenchman's, has been purchased by Mr. James Rodd, M.L.A., at a high figure. It is probable that this claim and the Frenchman's will be amalgamated, and worked by one company. _ Paxton and Co. com menced crushing on Friday. Brown's crashing will take place the beginning of next month. Niagara : This company continues to raise very premising stones, everypieceof which seems to be permeated with very fine gold. As yet only a small quantity is at grass, aud they do not intend to crush until they have brought about 100 tons to surface. Great Northern Amalgamated : This claim, adjoining the Niagara, ib sinking on the same reef, and the quartz raising k identical with it. A whim is be ing erected. It is probable that this claim will shortly be formed into a company. The Frenchman's : This company is also raising good etone, but nothing that requires any epecifio notice. This and the adjacent are much more favourably situated for the convenience of oonveying their stone to tne machines than their hitherto more re dwood and richer neighbours, whose claims tire ia« accessible, except to packhorsea ; the coat of cartage from the former being about 2s. per ton, and from the laUer estimated at 20s. per ton, reckoning the extra Ubour required for loading acd unloading and re-loading the etone. It is stated that- Mr. Chappell has offered to construct a tramway from the Frenchman's, Niagara, Amalgamated, and the ether reefs thereabout, to his machine, which will still further facilitate j tbe transport of tbe stuff, Tippett's Gold Mining Com- | pany : Here they are just getting into the blue slate, and j anticipate, in 20 feet ceeptr sinking, to come on it heavily. Stephens' Claim, 72 feet west of the Amalgamated, are j raiting very good etone, as also are Bromley and Co. and ; Star of Peace claims, but all these exhibit the same de- j ecription of quartz, aid seem to be about equally valuable. ; The Gieat Western Company at present are erecting a whim. The Golden Gate Claim— (Messrs. Porter, Raws thome, and Bums) : Very rich specimens have been lately brought up from this claim, together with excellent stone ; one specimen was blasted yesterday morning out of the hanging wall in the most western workings of the claim ; it is not much larger or thicker than the extended hand of an ordinary man, but ie estimated to contain at least li lb. ?of gold. A still richer though smaller specimen was picked cut the other day and conveyed to the Joint Stock Bank, where they both 'are now deposited. There are about 100 tone of stone raised, all of which look very rich. Hurley end Moore's Claim : Raising stone equal to that of the last crushing, and are now getting very rich stuff in their foot rock. The Lady Belmore Company have commenced to break down the stone this week, which looks very pro mising, and Curran and Company, adjoining Eisenstad ter's, have raited 6 tons from a depth of SO feet, which they intend to crush as a test of the claim. The vein is from 3 to 4 feet thick. The Bald Hill Company, who hold three lots of 21 acre1;, 15 acres, and 6 acres severally, are putting in a tunnel in their 21-acre lease. At present it is about 75 feet in length, and they anticipate being 100 feet in the hill next week. They have already interacted two leaders of very satisfactory appearance, and are sanguine of great success from the indications of gold which they have already met with. Red Hill G. M. Company : _ This com pany have sunk a new shaft, about 120 feet in depth, tp drain the water which embarrasses the workings in the original underlying shaft. David Alexander aud Party : Raising good stone, about equal in estimated value to that of their last crushing, which was quoted in this journal at the time. Constantino and Party : The stone from this claim is improving. Hitherto it has averaged 1} oz. to the ton, but the quartz which they are now bringing to the surface will run from 2 to 2£ oz. at the lowest estimate. Kelly and party commenced a new shaft, to the east of the old one, to relieve the latter of the water, which has stopped the workings. AU the leases in the direction of the Dirtholes are prospering, very fair stone being obtained, especially from Eisenstad tor's claim et the JDirtholec, where the etone is very good in appear ance. At Specimen Gnlly, the Eureka claim, after being worked by the shareholders for eighteen months and euok to the depth of 160 feet with a drive of 15 feet, has been Eut into the market to float it as a company. Gold has een got all the way from the surface, and at a test crushing some months ago turned out from £ oz. to 1 oz. to the ton. The Fiery Cross Company have got good etone at 100 ieet from an (.underlying sfcaft. They are sinking a permanent shaft. The Boston Lenpe consists of two aces. The proprietors are only down 25 - ??? -t, but as they are on the direct line of Sergeant's Reet, sire hopefully confident as to the remit. The Dun Dun is etill fcteadilv at work sinking. Several shares iu li nshaw'a ground have been purchased by a Sydney speculator at a high figure, but we are not at liberty to mention the price given. The Tuhon. — On the Turon, in the neighbourhood of Bragg's (says the Times), the development of the lines of reef already opened is fast progressing, aud new ones are almost daily being discovered, which look most promising, and augur well for the future prosperity and permanence of this portion of the district. On the now well-known Queen of the Ranges line, from which lease splendid stone is being raised, the block claim Poor Man's Friend is turn ing out fine gold-bearing stone, identical in character with that obtained from Paxton' s and other rich claims on ' The Hill.' South of this is the Neck or Nothing, in which a straight shaft down sixty feet iB being sunk, the blua elate now being paBsed through indicating the clone proxi mity of the reefs already cut to the north ; following the line across the river in the Plutus, also a block claim, they are sinking to intersect the vein already opened in the King of the Ranges tunnel and from the appearance of the rock, rich in metallic deposits, the shareholders are san- i guine of soon coming on first-class stone. Work on that I valuable lease the King of the Ranges is still suspended, | the question of interest versus right nor having been yet de- I cidea. On the spur to the eaetward in the Royal Blue, ten acre lease, a reef a foot in width has lately been opened which carries coarse gold, and has yielded on crashing— a sample of stone in which no gold was visible — prospects showing from four to fire ounces per ton. ThisJeaseis . likely to prove valuable property; its position presenting i great facilities for working by either shaft or tunnel. Opposite again on the northern bank of the Turon are two block claimB, the' Sink to Rise' and No. 2 South, from which some very fine specimens have been obtained during the past week. A share in one of theee claims changed hands the other day for £160. Gold has also been found in a claim south of the Great Republio leise, adding more to the value of that company's property, on which a shaft is being sunk to intersect at a depth the rich reefs being worked in the Queen of tbe Ranges. Messrs. Spurhan and Steel's 20-acre lease on thie spot is being thoroughly tested, a tunnel iB being put in facing the river, and some good stone is undergoing the process of unearthing. This was put into a company by Mr. Steel a fortnight ago, and the whole of the capital is devoted to the cost of thoroughly working and testing the ground. On each side of it and following the reef (a most decided one) the ground within the last few days has all been taken up. Box Ridge.— The correspondent of the Times states that the prospects of this place are looking up. Upon the Britannia snd New Chnm (parallel retfs) no ground is obtainable, and prospecting parties are cracking the quartz on the opposite range. The Shakespeare company are rais ing splendid looking stone ; I shall be very much deceived if their first crushing does sot give a return of from 6 to 8 ounces to the ton. They are down over 70 feet, and the deeper they go down the richer the stone gets. Next to the Shakespeare (on the south) is the 10 acre lot leased by Spruhan, Lindberg, Gill and party, named the ' Anthony Trollope;' there are two shafts upon it at depths of 50 and €0 feet, and a tusnel of some 6 feet, from which I was shown some very rich stone. This is now in the Sydney market. As soon as the new crushing plant arrives and is in working order a crushing can be obtained immediately. Mr. L. H. Spruhan is now in Sydney placing it before the public, and has so doubt as to its 'going off' powers. Two distinct reefs that have been and are being worked, and three untried ones, ran through the ground. Further along we have the ' Homeward Bound' and the 10 acre lease owned by Ross iter and party ; they are busy ainkipg on | this ground, and as the reefs I have mentioned run through their land they speak in satisfied terms of their prospects. The population is limited, but the existence of the really first-class hotel recently built by Mr. T. Halpin, au old resident, and the pegs visible of business sites, seem to argue a belief that it will soon increase. Box Ridge is twenty miles from Hill End, and seven miles on this side of Sotala. It was at this place, some of your readers may I remember, that some five years ago Nicholas Lambert I dropped on the rather neat thing in patches — some thousands of ounces. P YBAMtrii.^The above-mentioned paper says : —We have | own informed that several leases have been taken up on a ; bill situated about thirteen miles from H-H Sad, and at j the head of a creek known as Big Nuggetty, near Pyra- I tnnl. It may be remembered that about nine or ten ye irs ' ago there were some startling accounts in the papers of I some very heavy gold being found in this locality — in fa-t ' the largest pieces of gold yet found in New South Wales, j The creek has been worked from top to bottom a distance 1 of three miles, and proved to be exceedingly rich. At the I i8ad of the creek the heavy gold above-mentioned was got, ' and judging frmn appearances it must not have travelled ! far, for on the hill which must have fed this creek are a I great many quartz vans with large quantities of mundic, ! and the hill in general has every indication of being a very - rich one. It has been the opinion of many -experienced ' miners that whoever is fortunate enough to find the resf or 1 lode will be handsomely rewarded. Adelong. — Writing in the Gundagai Times of the 27th l ultimo, a correspondent says :— Mining matters are pro gressing favourably. On the Adelong Creek, below the Wynyard Company's claim, several other companies have found payable ground. The Comish Company are sinking their main shaft, and the prospects obtained by them are said to have been exceedingly rich ; the next company below them also got good gold lost week, said to be something oyer half a dwt. As the boring machine is only inches in diameter, you may imagine that half a dwt. of gold being brought up off the bottom in so small a compass as that in dicates a pretty heavy deposit of the precious metal. The Adelong United Company have also got on the lead or ran of deep wash, and have obtained from 1 to 3 grs. to the bore ; they have also proved the run to be about 90 feet wide, and are now linking their main Ehaft on it. This company have been for a long time prospecting their ground for the purpose of proving it in all parts, and are now satisfied, from the prospects obtained, that the claim will be a very remunera tive one if properly worked, and this it is nearly sure to be. A manager has been obtained from the Ovens district, who is well used to the wet deep claims on the Eldorado, &c.;, aud who is said to have proved himself second to none in that description of work. This gentleman has full charge of the Compnny'8 claim. In reefing, I may mention that good reports are heard every day, the excitement to get riesesstd of large claims appears to be increasing; and, as said a short time ago, I expect soon to see every available piece of ground on the reefs here leased. Mr, Maitland is now measuring the various leased claims, and thismoming I bear another lease of twelve acres, on the Victoria reef, south of White, Colmer, Greenhalgh, and Co.'s claim, has been pegged off and applied for. I am informed that Mr. John Isaac, of South Gundagai, is one of the parties making this application. I am glad to be able to state that the Adelong Company, on the Old Reef, have struck good stone at 2S0 feet, after sinking through about 130 feet of barren, or comparatively barren reef, yielding only about 4 dwts. to the ton. The stone they are now getting pro mises to return 4 oz. or so per ton ; and though the reBf is not yet wide, it appears to be recreating, These facts should prove very encouraging to the people who have lately taken up abandoned ground, as they indicate, I think, that the deeper shafts go down the better the quality of stone obtained. Ab a proof of this, I may refer to the claim of Hargraves and Co., ' which has now better etone in the bottom of the shaft than any vet obtained there. Junction Point and Tuena. — In the Goulbum Herald of the 27th ultimo, it is stated that the reefs at Junction Point are now attracting a great deal of attention. The Washington Reef has been steadily worked now for some three years, the owners having had a crushing machine of their own on the ground for that period. They have hitherto kept the returns secret ; but it is generally supposed that they have been very successful . - They are now 200 feet deep, and the stone looks as well as at the top, and with prospects even of an improvement. — At the Stock Yard Reef, three- quarters of a mile distant from the Washington, Mr. W. Brown has been perse veringly pros pecting for the past twelve months, and now seems about to reap the reward of hie expenditure of time and money. There ia one drive of 80 feet, and the reef is here 3 feet thick, looking very promising. Another reef has been hit up m in the same lease 22 feet deeper, 18 inches thick, and looking remarkably welL The Gouiburn Company's reef is looking very promising, and great expectations are entertained as to tie results. They are now going through blue rock very similar to the character of the Tambaroora stone, and the reef is opening out vtry favourably. We understand that an offer of very high terms for the purchase of this lease has been made to tbe company. The population at Junction Point iB now estimated at about 4U0 persons. The country generally looks most favourable for reefing ; and some do not hesitate to say that its appearances aro equal or superior to those of Tambaroora. At Tuena too the reefs appear of a most promising character ; and only deeper sinking is considered necessary to fully develop their richness. Altogether there now appears good pros pects of theee important reefs being fairly tested, when in tbe opinion of all who have yet inspected them they are likely to turn out second only to the Tambaroora and Hil End claims ; and, as already mentioned, eome people are sangnine enough to believe that even these will be equalled. A correspondent reports that the reef has boen struck in No. 1 North Washington. This is a claim which, after being worked without success for a considerable time, was abandoned, and was a little while ago taken up by Messrs. Grace and party. Another reef has been found by the Chinamen a little higher up the creek than the Great Britain, A small stone about 3 oz. weight obtained fron tho bottom of the shaftof ,the old reef, and in which gold was scarcely visible, when crushed yielded about half a dwt. of the precious metal. Gulgong. — In the latest report of the Guardian it is stated that the lastcscort left with 2952 oz., as the yield for the previous fortnight. The amount is the emallest since tbe beginning of the year, but is easily accounted for, by the fact that water is now not procurable except at Reedy Creek, and as this spot is distant two miles and a half from the large paddocks of wash-dirt, there must of necessity be delay in supplying the wash- dirt to the puddling machines, as teams are not at this time of year as numerous or cheap as when the grass is plentiful. There is another cause — it sometimes happens that a large lot may be washed, but not cleaned in time for transmission by the escort, and therefore held over for the next one. Nevertheless, there is little doubt that unless rain falls plentifully and water becomes available on every lead or workings, that the yield of gold must be below the average. The present spell of dry weather is widely different from this time last year, being dry with little promise of a change. Owing to the elevated position of the field, there cannot be an adequate supply of water in what is commonly called a dry winter, for reasons that are self evident. Water is much wanted, and mining matters will be dull until it is plentiful. The past week has been another dull one, with little promise of a change until r∈ falls profusely. There have been no new discoveries, or in fact no change in the prospects of the many leads, except that the prospectors of the Durham have bottomed a shaft at 153 feet on thegnew line, bat without a payable prospect. The shaft dips 2| feet in its length, so that it is possible that the lead, let it be rioh or poor, cannot be far from it. Owing to difficulties connected with the frontage system, the party have delayed proving the ground beyond the ehaft ; hence the existence of much distrust, that materially affects the value of claims on this lead. On the Black Lead the prospects remain un changed — no further shafts having been bottomed, or likely to be, for some weeks. This lead has been opened since October 1870, and now, eighteen months after, has not been traced one mile. If it had been worked on the blocks it would have been proved to Reedy Creek a distance of four miles from the prospectors. On the Star and Scandinavian Leads there is nothing new to report. Work is being steadily carried forward with high hopes of success, but so far without being declared. At tne Young Helvetia there are two other prospecting paries about sinking, and they will settle the question of gold or no gold. From Dead Man's Creek there ' has been a floating rumour that payable gold had been found, but on cloEe inquiry we found that such was not the case, but that the prospecting party hope to strike it. The Canadian country is still the attractive spot. The popula tion is on the increase, owing to the result of washings in Lowe's and Stott's paddocks, shares in which private pro perty rule high. Quite a township is now on this lead, with almost every sign of permanency; and it is pro bable that for a couple of years at least there will be a numerous and permanent population located there. There are a great many quartz-reef leases applied for within the past few weeks. A 12-acre block has been applied for on the Old Surface Hill, where some of the richest patches on the gold-field have been obtained. This spot is about one mile from the Red Hill in an easterly direction, and, with a little capital judiciously applied, will develops into a valu able property. A tract of 25 acres has been applied for on the Black Lead sear the beginning of the northern frontage claims for quartz mining purposes, the applicants of which are very sanguine that they possess the/ source of the Black Lead. If they have they are lucky. Of the companies now working there is little to report, the pro ? press made being such that the report of one week suits for many following. The Sandhurst Gold 'Mining Com pany are progressing favourably. The shaft is now down 36 feet, and die open cutting in 160 feet. Stone is being raised, and a quantity stacked waiting for water to crush it. Emu Ceeek.— Mining matters (says the Record of Saturday) have continued going on quietly and steadily. The O'Brien's Prospecting Company finished on Satur day last crushing a lot of 750 tone of stone at Messrs. Be van and Hopklrk's machine. This stone was the result of twelve weeks work, and the first 340 tens of it yielded 409 oz. of gold, being at the rate of over 1 oz. 4 dwts. per ton. The remaining 410 tons turned out a cake of gold weighing 704 oz., or at the rate of over I oz. 14 dwts per ton. This very good result must, we are sure, be encouraging to the shareholders, more particularly as the present appearances in this ground indicate that there is every prospect of a long continuance of good and steady returns, the reef being nearly of a uniform width throughout the whole work ings, and having the walla smooth and well defined. The last 750 tons which have been raised from this claim were taken frcm a depth of from 350 to 370 feet. At present the company are ^till tinting on the reef, and the stone beine raised looks to the full as well as any that has yet been brought to grass. The reef now shows a solid compact body of stone with every indication of improving as it goes down. The etone from this claim is being raised at the rate of over 60 tons a week. Some of the scrip in this company has changed hands lately, and been bought up at lis., mostly by local buyers ; and, indeed, when any of this scrip does get into the market, as is but seldom the case, the Grenfell buyers generally secure it, if they by any means can. As the result of this last crushing, tbe company have declared and paid a dividend of 2s. per share, being the proceeds of twelve weeks' work. This shows a dividend of, in round num bers, 60 per cent, per annum, id est taking the shares at par ; but to those lucky shareholders who bought in at lis. per share, it -will give an interest of about 80 per cent, per annum on their investment. There is, we believe, a gcad deal of prospecting being done on the ground between the Oriental claims aud O'Brien's hill, and we are informed that several parties have got very good alluvial speoimens and have also come across two or three reefs ; these reefs have, however, as far as we know, no connection with the alluvial stone that has been got in this part of the ground, as the stone has been found further up the hill and apart from the reefs. A party have started prospecting the ground lying on the fall of the O'Brien's hill towards the Star Gully, and have succeeded in getting good alluvial stone throughout. In Ne. 1 north, O'Brien's, they have within thif last week obtained some first-rate proBpeots, and if the stone when crushed yields a return in accordance with theee prospecte, the result we may confidently state will be as handsome a one as has bees got on this field for many a day. In the Outward Bound claim they have finished filling up all the old ground, and have commenced cleaning out the shaft, and so soon as they have completed doing so they will commence to open out on the reef. In the Prospecting claim Homeward Bound, the blocks they are now working show good payable stone, which, so far as we can judge from appearances, will go 1£ oz. to the ton when cruthed. This reef as it goes down shows decided symptoms of widening and of assuming a more continuous character as it goes south. In our opinion, if we may ven ture to express it, the breaks in this reef will diminish in frequency and the reef become, if we may so express it, more solid and continuous in its formation as its depth increases. From the Five Mile rush we learn that the pros pectors have bottomed their shaft at a depth of about 90 feet, and have commenced to open out. They have hoisted the flag. The thickncss of the wash dirt is about 2 feet in tbe shaft. A prospect taken from the stuff on top gave fully half grain to tbe dish, but thie cannot bis taken as auy criterion, as there is 88 much mu^ock as washdiii in the heap at present on top. No. 1 north and No. 1 south of the prospectors are busy sinking n'ght and day, and expect to be bottomed about the middle of next week. The result of their operation? will give us a better idea of the value of the ground. In the Oriental rtaf work is being pushed on vigorously, the prospectors have bad a trial crush ing at Messrs. Btvan and Hopkirk's machine of 49 tops, the result of which is a cake of gold weighing 76 oz. Our report from the machines tbis week are as follows : — Mr. Vaughn's machine is engaged on a lot of stone from No. 1 north Homeward Bound reef, and will retort to- day. Mr. I Aubrey's machine is crushing etone from O'Brien's lease | ground. Cuera jong. — The special report of the Forbes Turns of Saturday states that there iu but little to report this week, as we are still waiting for rain to come ; we had a smart thunderstorm on Tuesday night and early Wednes day morning, but only sufficient to lay the dust. At Lowe's machine they are still washing for No 3 North, on the Bushman's Lead, aud the dirt is going quite up to ex pectations, and will give the shareholders a good dividend. The eld base line on the Bushman's Lead promises to be as good as anything we have here ; one claim put through about twenty-five loads the other day, which gave 1 oz. t« the load, and another washed a prospeot of 5 oz. to the dish, so it is reported. On the Welcome the olaims still look well, and'the shallow sinking is still very well spoken of. The reefs continue to look we'l. M'Grath and party, on the Happy 'Valley b'ne of reef, have hai a tiial crushing of 12 tons, which gave 22 dwts. to the ton ;.this, although good, is nothing like what was expected from the appearance of the stone, and can only be accounted for by be)ie\lng that the fine gold has been lost through the water used at the machine being very thick and not fit for crushiBg, in proof of which I may mention that the prospectors on the Currajong reef star ted crushing on Monday, and as the water was said to be too thiok they commenced by putting through some stone raised from a big blow on the reef ; on Tuesday night the machine had to be stopped as the wator was too thick, and the prospectors have decided upon not crushing any of the stone from the reef for the present. This stone is known to be good for at least 2 oz. to the ton, and as the men go down in her the reef continues to widen with good gold through the stone. The Dayspiing pros pectors, as also No. 1 North, are raising large heaps of stone, which look as well as ever. We are to have a large machine here and ready for work within three months ; the site selected for the erection of the engine being' that t lown as Bell's dam. On the Bushman's lead there are several claims raising very good looking stone, the reef being 3 fe3t thick ; one of the claims are now crashing. Nohthekn Gold Fields. — In its issue of Saturday, the Armida/e Express says : — We have been favours J with the following information, in conversation with a gentle man whose accuracy can be relied upon. The Little River reefs have now a population of 100 men. There is still no crushing machine, but one is expected shortly. There are abont 300 tons of stone to grass, and the quartz promises very well for gold, which is exceedingly fine, but dissemi nated throughout the Btone. The spot is about -60 miles from Grafton, and fortunately that feat of engineering, the Newton Boyd Road, intersects the diggings. It is believed that the place will shortly be proclaimeda gold-field. Solferino iB on the Yulgilbar run, ana it is exceedingly rough country where the gold is found. Already four or five reefs have been opened, and proved to be payable, while it is believed that many others will be discovered in a very short time. The gold is in fine particles, but the Btone is wonderfully rich. In the Garibaldi prospecting claim, which has been well opened, the quartz is very hard, and of a blue colour ; the gold is exceedingly fine, and is like dirty murtard plentifully scattered through the stone. The population is about 300, and rapidly increasing. By the road from Grafton Solfe. rino is about sixty-five Bailee, and this road very badly needs improvement. A post-office is also urgently required. The prospecting claim, which is the property of Mr. Paul Marcolini, is turning out rich quartz in large quantities. That enterprising man wi'I by this time have a crushing machine on the ground, and to get it np the ranges he ha*l to make a road for eome miles. Mr. James Laird, late of Grafton, is juEt completing a first-class house, to be opened as an inn, at the township, on the Grasstree Creek. Sol ferino is attracting much attention from Sydney sp. jula tors, s number of whom have visited the place. Altogether, it promises to be an extensive and in every other respect a first- class field for reefing. The country is much rougher tbwn that even at Hawkins Hill, and not a few believe it will yet riral if not surpass that famous locality iu the gross amount of gold that will eventually be procured from it. There is splendid vegetation, huge tree ferns, of several varieties, forming a portion of it. Solfetlno was recently proclaimed a gold-field, but an opinion is ex pressed that the area ie unnecessarily large, seeing that the proclamation debars conditional selection from a large extent of country on which gold has not been discovered ; snd seeing also that, if the area at first had been made smaller, it could at any subsequent time have been extended if found advisable. Boorak and the Lunatic fields are near eich other. There are active and successful operations at Boorak^ ? and there is a water-power crusher at work. This belongs to tv?o very enterprising brothers, the Messrs. Amos, who have brought from Melbourne to the Lunatic a large crush ing machine, which is driven by steam. Both places pro mise well, but of late their population has decreased from the prevailing excitement about tin. — Having applied at the Gold-fields Office, we have learned that applications for leases are continually being forwarded to Mr. Gold Commissioner Buchanan from the whole of these fields, and a large number now in the office will be disposed of as speedily as possible in accordance with the regulations. Mr. Buchanan has lately returned frem a tour to the N.E. geld-fields ia his district, and from the heaps of papers on his table that have been accumulating during his absence, and thoBe that are pouring in since his return, we can perceive that he has too much to do and needs assistance. The Tenterfield Star states that at the Golden Crown No. 1 North struck heavy gold during the week ended 25th ultimo. The same paper says : — A correspondent from fioorak informs us that the Hibernian machine, the property of Messrs. Donovan end party, No. 1 south, Nil Desperaridum Reef, having' been repaired, commenci i operations on Monday la6t. Tnere is at present some 60 tons of stone from this claim re-dy for crushing, which is expected to yield a large return. Nearly all the claims at work at Booiak end Chinaman's Gully raising good stone, and aB it ie stated to be the intention of the proprietors of the machine to work it n'ght and day, the diggers hope to be able to get some reijij for their abour of months past. Mebrendee — A - orrespondf nt of the Western Post of Tuesday wilt's: — 1 ha ve much pie? sure ? n ?ufor jjiogyou tb-tt tb'cgs are looking much betnrhere, aid I tb'uk th-.i there is eveiy prospect of tb's place recking with other gold-fielaa in this district for qua* iz reefing. The Amalgamat 1 Com pany's shaft is down 70 feet, but they have not cut a p iy able vein sines they went through the rich leader which they have left, 40 feet above in the shaft. A« it i the inten.Ion of this c impsny tn s?'k to a ceiiain depth before they drive the ground, it will be eome i*me before they w.'.'l know the ren'lt. The prospectors ere dowu SO fat ri their last shaft, and are still cuit'ng gold-beating leeiers. This pari/ his obtsin- d gold in smell quantities in. eveiy leader from the sutface. I am informed by the shareholders of tbis claim tbat there was an attempt to fie -t t^'s cli'm into a e ompsny by some of our Mudge a friends. In my last I meniiont t that No. 6 North was dispute!; it is now settled, snd all the parties ere at work, the ground being cut up into tVee claims instead of one, Lacey's claim be,-*i-? s'lotri in the centre, or nearly so, of the six men's ground, which deci sion leaves Lacsy in possession of thirty feat. on the bate line, and cuts the other ground into sliccs of of 70 and 80 feet on each side. Lacey has bc?n trarinj it out to lights this week ; he has tniten out 10 oz. in two diya ; he hes got as much as 3 oz. in a small bog of staff. He packs the dirt in bags to the Meroo River, a d-%t'Tic'j of neirly half a mile, end never grumblej at h;s burden. The gold . is of a very coarr9 and rejged nature, eome of the picie3 weighing en ounce, end some ef it (the fine gold) is a- fine as paint. Tbis cla;m ia situate I on tho spur h a^'ng fnto the main lange, which I mentioned in my l-ntesveiy much resembling Hawkins Hi'l, on Tambaroora. It is the general opinion here that this gold has come from a lode, fis it is running pe'dllel with a large rc af which cjn be traced about a mile and a half on the surfac ). There was a find of lOOoz. some fewyearsagoiuthe present Amalgamated Company's claim, and at a dietince of 50 feet from the shaft which they are hinking. There was also a find in the prospering cla'm some few months ago of about 50 oz. A 'l these find' are on the same line of reef (Nonpareil), and which has evidently fed the gi'Hy end rich al'uv.al difgin^s below. There bsB be -»n en 8-acre lease t::kea up on the bin north of Lacev' b claim, and extending nearly to the top of the spur. This ieaee hae been tiken up by a Mr. Bergen, from Tambaroora. end Mr. Peate, of Sydney. I believe it is the intention et these gentlemen to form a compp-'.y in this lease, as it is a ,goc-l site for tunnelling, as t iey c i d ive in at a level of 400 feat, and also on the' line of reef or lead. The rock is not of a hard nature. If this leal which Lacey is on ehould be sUuck at a depth :'n tVo spur, from the present appearance it wl'! eclipse »nyi'V*,g known in tb's district. Ihe West of England Reef is one mile from the township, up the river, end is a 4-acre lease. Th's pai.y sent al-ial cru'»b;ng to Gulgong of Wo end a half tors last week ; bnt, unforti'tat?ly, some bre ika je ocow.red inthe machinery, which left a quantity of the scone un crushed. The proct Is of what cine to b^nd was 1 oz 5 dw.s. Now, putting it at the lowest, tbis etone w-'' yield 1 J ez. to the ton. Since this stone was tiken to Gulerong the paily b'we be ?n getting out veiy lich qui'.iz, ana, as they think, the lest i.-ial was not sat ^factory, they are going to take a few more tins to the machine nextwek. The shareholders are eevgaiue es to the next lot jleld'tg much better. Tb's reef vailc i in tVcVnees Lorn one to fou- ft it, and if it will yield one ounce to the t on it w I'l be a ' pi'e ' claim, es tho the stone is e 'si'y got out. Next to, ena ei joit'ing it north, thereby been another 4-acre lease applici for by a Mr. Thompson, from No. 7, Happy VaJl.ev. 1 heir that this gentleman is about to brii?» his ens'ne iicre. On the old reef, or, as it is best tiown, Se'ff's heef, md wb'ch ions parallel with tbe last-mentlonc I one, and at s d'stence of t.vo or three hundred yards from it, there bis been a 6-acre le9se token up, also by Bergln aod Peat :. They have sent about 70 lbs. of stone to the M'lt for tria'. If tbis proves satisfactory, work wiH be commencr 1 at onca in the claim; end, as I am certs'n of thi? re:f proves payable, we will, in oil probability, scon have machines/ oa the ground. There is a splendid site for mach'neiy here, with plenty of water and aU other requirement!, and I en certain tbat these two reefs wouidjkt p one eng'ne employed, independently of ety others opev^g. The Calelonioa Rcoi is a 6-acre lease, wb'ch is situat.l on ♦he Laa'''i?- Oak Creek, and on the road bsWcn here and Mudgee, end a.dist-nce of e?x m'les from this. Th* i re 3f is It ik'ng first ute, gold show'ng plasty in eveiy piece of stone, fVie ilia's ny band ciuoh'usr tuijrug out very sai'efactoiily. Tb58 pai.y has trac 1 the reef 150 feat, thei' de?oest rb»ft be'ng 40 feet. At thie depth the reef is over ttree feet wide, and le oks bett r as they godowa. They bnva about 40 tons of Btone now on the surface, and I was ii framed by tbe shareholders that they have 600 or 700 tone in sight now. It was the intention of tbispauyto send a tilal crashing to Galgong, but they consider it would be on'y lost time now, as they are sat'sfiei that the!r reef is tiayabie. They intend getting out etone, and wait ing patiently until machineiy does c ime. There was a 20 ecre lease t^ken up or applu 1 for here some few months ago in the old alluvia! ground, by eome Mudgee men, end I believe it was their intention, at the time, to'bilngai engine for the purpose of pumping water out of the tlver to sluice this ground, but as I hear nothing fatiher about it, I suppose it has fallen through. Golden Gully. — Of the min'ug proceeifngs in tb's quarter, the JSt U JEnd Times gives the following account in its issue of Wednesday : — At the Head of Golden Go'ly, the Midas, Lowry's, and The Marquis of Lome claims ere steiiiiy at work. Lowiy 's has alreaiy turned out some very goid st me, and the others, being en the same 1'ne of r-;er, believed to be Sargesut'e, are encouraged to pereevere thereby, and are hopeful as to the results. A contract for sinking 100 feet further in the shaft of the Marquis of Lome has just bc.»n completed, and the eb?ft_8eeur,ely centred and Blabbed. Combt ; and partys claim is more a prospecting pen/ employe! in tapping the Rel Hi'l for reefs, than in actml sinking. They have taken up an sres of 10 acres, and in their researches have come across a number of veins of quarlz, some beoring fine gold, aid dipping, some east and others west. Their area includes a gcod deal of desertid alluvial workings in the gully which is the commencement of Golden Gu'y, ona even through these holes the quartz reefs en be tracefl. Hunter, Hi', and party in Bear Gully, are only seven few deep in their claim, which of course they ha'^ only Jtist open, but bave got a good show of auriferous sbie even at that depth. In the Besmount Claim, which is a 30 fest shaft, the shareholders are getting gold in slaty quar'.^j snd bave touched on a dozen different leaders. The Hi'1 End Company, adjoining the last claim, is sin's ng a ne» shaft wc it of the original sinV^g, which is about 150_fe2t in dpptb, and have got dow a 100 fe3t. The intention is *'- aii iin a depth of 200 feet in the new shaft and cut into the fiist Tenders are out for the sinking of the add'* ion1'' 100 feet. The Loid Ne?-on Claim (Malsiniat:s and Co ) is as well as three preceding claims in'Besr Gc^'yareon Marshall's reef. They are down 30 feat underlay. Tb's is a well defined re?f causing fine gold a'l the wav do#J» butow 'ngto a disagreement emong the shareholders, tne workings have been suspended ; end we unde^iaid the claim is, or is about to be, put in the msrket. From Bc-r gully we come to the Bald Hill Companj s cliioa: ? tunnel ban been coaimenucd by this coa piny on the northern slope of the hiil, but was discontinued, hs a parly whose claim intervened between tta lats of ths com pny. obtained an iiijunciicn prohibiting thtm from pro ceeding further with it. An appeal, however, liis baea made, and tbe result will, iu all probability, be known some time next week. On the other eile of the bill, opposite Mr. Cbippell's crushing machine, they have pat ia another iennel about 70 feet, aid have coma upon a j slender but distinct veiu of quartz. This t annul is a credit to the company end surpasses any we have seen. It is at least seven feat high — nearly as wide, is securely ilm- j tiered, and seems ti have been excavated with as much pre cision as is, or cught to be, bestowed on . a railway tunnel. Golden Streak (foimerly Union Company) have just com menced sinking n fresh shaft int?ndiug to strike the lower vein at a greater depth. A trap dyke which is supposed to ion acrc»ss the gu'ly cut on about tbis point his so broken. Tip the 1 en of the gold that the claims working below the Golden Streak are occunici by parties endeavouring to , recover end take up the disturbed veil. The Greit Empire Claim (Johnson, Guthe,-and party) are dowii about 60 feet have arrived at the banging, wall, end expect to sU ike gold eveiy day. Dickman end pmy, on the two-acre lease, at . 40 feet ore searching for old vein, ag allude! to above, as are Cr-yle, Stephens, and party, who at 50 feet have struck gold in several veins, which, though not payable, ia en covaging. The Seek and Find Company's lease was originally in two blocks of four men's ground each, _ and known respectively as ' Great Britain ' snd ' The*Orion,' tut tie claims lapsing, the present lose was taken up and the company floated. The present ehaft is 90 feet, deep; no quartz has bean obtained from it as yet. but they expect to come on it about 20 feet deeper sinking. The Black Watch Claim (March, M'Leaa, and Co.) — This md tho following claims are situated on. the upper side of the Tamburoore and Mudgee road. The last 'rust*' rig from this claim r?n about 1 J dwts. to the load, and t^e 40 or 60 tons they have now on the surface, is estimated to be of almost equal value. The Circus Claim, (Simpson and Law), are 80 feet dow.r, end getting stone, but it is impas sible to foirn en idea of what value by merely looking at it. They have cent a lot to Cfcappell'e machine, in order to have it tested, and by the time we go to oress wl' have about 60 tons more for the fame put pose. Tb's part/ have an air shaft sunk to tbe depth of 30 feet below the line of roed, fna cutting into the workings on 45 feet level They have c riven 100 feet on the vein of reef. The Great Con «»}idat:i Mining Association. — This company have sunk a e1 ft of 90 feet, end are on Langford's rtef. Have got gi :d stme from prospecting Ehaft. During tbe past week we have received the most favour able reports fiom the various mining entei prises which are situated but a short distance from Mudgee. Foremost stands the Little Stnr Reef at Appleteee Flat, tho shires in which bave bees disposed of whenever holders have be.-n found to sell, which has not been often, at a large advance. Every day confirms the belief that when tha tunnel, now in about 60 feet, is continued to the extent of 40 feet more, the reef which has been clearly traced on the top of the hill, will be struck and found 'to be very rich. Next as a venture, which is apparently based upon something which shov'd remove it from the category of mere speculation, is the reef on the EJlerslie Estate of Mr. ft. Lowe, at Wil bertree. on which a lease of ten acres has been formed into ' Tbe Mudgee Quartz Mining Company,' with a capital of £8(G0 in £1 shares. We have seen specimens got from this reef, which as been prospected nearly a yeir, and some months ago eaw a parcel of gold got from it, which went over 14 dwts. to the ton. Independently of these two rest ing investments we heat of several well known reefs oa private property close to town which will shortly be thrown open to the public on fair terms. The Broombee reafs on Mr. C. C. Cox's propony are being vigorously worked, and (hose iu possession of claims, end sinking, appear well satisfied. We learn that Mr. W. Bowman has at last re lented, end permitted the kaowa auriferous reef oil h's propel ty just beyond Broombee to be worked. The first quartz t°kin from it some months ago, at a dep!h of less .t^ian ten feet, went between 5 and 6oz. to the ton, and, although it bad to be carted to .Reedy Creek, beyond Gu' gong, Eome 28 miles altogether, it paid hmdBomfily. The &]uic;ng companies on tbe Cudgegong are working vigor ously. The Cleaver's Hi'l Company have iie:irly com pleted tbeir new reservoir on the top of the hill, their wcl' and rnco is finished, end as soon as the new ehaft of their engine, broken a few weeks baok, is replaced they exp?ct to be able to work with great results. Oa the other Bide of the liver, three miles nearer Mudgee, the Mul'amuddy Company 8 re also actively engaged. — Western Post, Tues day. Another application and deposit for a quartz leise of 25 acres bps bt -'n meie for land near the Mitchell's Creek Company's mine. The ground appliei for has baea opened in several placcs, and. the reef expose i. Work is continue! day pnd P'ght at the old company's mach'ne. A building, intended for a public- house, is being erectri at tho junct'oa of tho Mudgee and Mitchell's Creak mines' roads. Soma diggers at the Woolman Creek came upon a very good patch of ground there this week, and hive made very fair eiuD'ngs. Tho prospectors of the Waterloo Reefs have received £lt-00 eesh, and scrip in the company to the number of 1600 pbaves.— Dubbo Dispatch. Recently a s°mple of quirtz was left with us under the impression that tne mundic in it, end other appearances, denoted copper ore. On test'nsr some of the mundic with nit lie acid, ure fi.«---d tha.t the i'qird d; swivel the mundic and iron pyrites, and left prominent ir'.miet'iVible parades «f gold. We have also tested quanz from another direc ion by citric acid, and found tbat it couta'as fine gold. ' jNitiic acid would bn a preivy good tot. for fn, as it does not affect it, although it w -1 any of the pj.ites that are frequently taken for tin. Gold end phllnium eVo are not affccted by nitric acid. We may add tbat muriat e acid ia is of no value in t?-.t-*,g py.iies generally, such as mundic, iron pyrites, &c.; — Armidale Express, Saturday. | The Little River (Braidwood) correspondent of the Monitor of Tuesday says : — On Saturday we were visiiei vith a heavy wind from the south, accompanied by rain. The latter bas been very acceptable, which h?i g.-eitly benefited the sluicers. The Homeward Bound Company, 1 regret to eay, has stopped work. This has arisen, 1 bel'eve, from the smai' company refiisi'jg to inveit more ii?nds in the enterpiise. The company was never properly foime 1, as it only comprised a few of our energetic eutar piisicg parties of the district; these few have now with drawn, end the coD^equence is, as 1 before state 1, the work Las be. m stopped for a time, as it is the intention of the party to make up a strong company to test ib''s well-fc io»a re tf. If a little more cipit-»! was invest -1, I fejl conldent that the shareholders of u csmpany would bave no cause to regret the outlay of money fiat is requiicl for each an under takirg. Itisiuuicureithat a sdver m'ae has bsen d';c iverad near Wartrick, Qucen^lnnd, snd that the fonaiite pros pectors have refossd £1000 for theiv interest. As the . prospectors were passing through Xoowoombd they were loudly chesrcd. lniormation reached us on Saturday last that gold had been found at the back of Mr. Cohen's farm in the vic'nity of Brushy Hill, some twenty miles from Mustcel'brc )k. We lost no time iu dispatching at once a representative to inquire into the facts. The route was, via Aberdeen, across the Hunter, tVough JeSrey's gate, over the rail way, followed onto tegenhoe, from there to the bru-h at Riley's, then to Mr. Cohen's. Diligent inquiry was made by our reporter, but noth'ng of importance in t'-ie shape of infoimation could be obtained until, on returning, wht j. he was informed that gold was being found on the other side of the hill, that is, the Hunter side. Several have gone out for the purpose of prospecting the district, at rhe e -.ma lime are on the look-out for those a 'ready at work. Seveial ounces of good quality, rujgh water- cashed gold, las this week been brought into Muswellbroak from Steward's Brook. Steward's Brook is 4-5 miles from Jlm wellbrook; the find of gold is in the pa* i termed tha ni'^ow . passage ; there are sixty or more men at work there, and any person with appropriate tools can readi'y earn a living. Our informant found without any trouble l£dwis.?nan hour ; he has returned to Muswellbrook for ratioas, leaving his party at Steward's, and purposes joiniug tbe in rb-s diy. Although it has bsen known for ye*rs that gild was be'ig obtained there, itiB only of late that there has bienso much attention paid to the place. There are a greit number of men actively employed there now, and e_ch obtaining a lair livelihoi.d. Mr. Bowen, of Aberdeen, brought in the giild, which was purchased by Mr. David Evutis of this to vi a. We bave also received infui .nation of another diggings at vrhieh soma hundred or mire miners at work, finding payable gold; it is at Cedar Bxush, on the iUrri'jgton, some ten nr'es from the Denison; also another like ly to turn out of much importanca Eome twenty- five miles frem Ura'a. — Upper Hunter Courier, 26th ultimo. The A raluen correspondent of the Braidtcood Dispatch, 27th ultimo, says I am informed that a quantity of stone extracted from the prospector's shaft, at the back of Ross's stockyard, has been forwarded to Mr. Forsyth's machine, Bell's Creek, for the purpose of hav'ng it tested. A number of claims bave been t ik'en up on the lead, and are awaii'ng the reBult of the trial crush ;ig, before they com mence operations. I am told there is a great improvement fnmeny of the creek cla'ms, fhoy appear to be fn good working order, the recent favourable weather appears to have b finished also the water difficulty, so one pump is sufficient to drain any of the claims.' The Tambaroora end Gu'gong fever does not seem to have a^i.ed here, for numbers are still daily clearing out for these placss. Wiitinsr from Cargo on the 24th u'timo, a correspondent of the Western Examiner says : — The Rise and Shine machine is now engaged crushing stone from Canowiudra, having just finished for the Ironclad, whose dividend will amount to about £1000 per man, and they have enough stone to keep the macb;ne cmstpntly going. The Rise end Sh'oe Prospecting Association is looking we1'. At Mahal's Reef they have come upon a vein which, from crushings made in the mortar, is c a located to go 18 oz. to tha ton. The share list of this company is nearly io''. There is very little to report in miu'ng matters tbis week. Tbe result of tbe Mint crushing of the quartz li-om Ziegler's reef at Pompey point is not yet know_i, and unt' it is we need not cspect'much briskness, Stone of a much better appearance has been raisrd by Mr. Ziegler and parly witb'n the last few days, end it is* probable another ship ment to Sydney will be m?de. Mr. Collier and pa^ty have struck the main reef on their leased It nd, end intend send ing a ton of stone for t-ialas soon as it is raised. From the Pedro reef we vdersf-nd a quantity of stone will be shipped by the next Bteamer A gentleman from Adelong (Mr. Middleton) bis pegged out the old Donkey Hi1!. In Ibe event of that reef not proving' payable we believe he intends turning his attention to tocoo others in the district. Should he me 3t with success he will impoit the necessary machineiy for crushing from Melbourne. Three tons of quartz from the Sidling reef, on the' Araluea Road, were forwarded to Sydney by Monday's steamer. — Monty a Telegraph, 2itli ultimo. We ere informed tbat whit ^ow'ses to ba a good paying qnartz reef has been discovered oa a tbMy-t.hree acre purchase, near Gundagpi, the property of Mr. Colin Mac donald, foimerly of Cooradigbee, near Yass The ground is not far from the cemetery at GmidflOT. Mr. Maciona'd has visited his fortunate discovery, and set men to work to open up the reaf. On Wednesday last he passed through Tass on bis return to Sydney, taking with him a number of most promising specimens of quartz. We are informed tbat a Mr. IrwJn, of Sydney, has la-ely visitc } M'Mjhon's Reef, near Murrumburrfh, end that arrangements have been made as to the purchase of the claim there known as Heffemen's. A considerable amount of gold has already been obtained from stone raisod from this claim, pnd the ciuehings recorded from time to time have yielded a veiy payable quantity of gold. It is said that a company is to be formed in Sydney to c^ry on operations. — Yjss Courier, 26th ulfmo. Summarising the reports for the quarter ending Decem ber 31, 1871, the Secretary for M'nes iu Victoria gives the total yield of gold during tt*U peilod at 352,698 oz.. of which 178.336 oz. was atluviel, and. 174,362 oz. obtained from quartz crush io?. The quotrl price per ounce vanes ftom £3 to £4 2s. 61, and the average is about £3 15s. Reckonirg on tbJs basis, tho £10=8 value of the gold yield for the quarter was rough1)' £1,322,617, or say £5.300,000 per annum. The total number of miners employed is 58,279, of whom 19,669 are Chinese. By far tne larger number are engaged in al'uvial mining, the proportions being 41,742 for alluvial, end 16,537 for quartz. The gross approximate value of mining plant is £2.060,885 ; the number of . square mi'es of auriferous ground actually worked upon, 984; and the number of distinct reefs proved to be auriferous, 3130. The colony is divide 1, for mining pui poses, into seven districts, pnd ranging them accorc'ng to the declared value of m''nfng pli'it., thoy stand as fo'lowa Ballarat, £516,825 ; Sandhurst, £454,330 ; Bcchworth, £288,840; Maryborough, £272,372; Castle D'tino, £266,628 ; Gippsland, £144,278 ; Ararat, £117,512. If rargrd according to the number of minora employed, Maryborough would stand second, and the others in much the eama older as given above. The average for the seven diftticts we have named during tbe Decemkar quarter of 1871 was lOdwis. 8grs. ; tbe highest being 16 dwLS., in the Ararat district, and the lowest 5 dwis., in the Gipos land district. The average for Ballwat, the great mining centrc of tho colony, was o awls. 19 g.'s. ; snd for Sand hurst, about the richness of which a great deal has been said lately, the average wason'y 11 dw;s. 16 grs. TIib reef on the gi-ouud of the Gr?at Adelong Gold mining Company, at Stony Cresk, Gundagai. is, we learn, ' now being prospected, preparatory to machineiy b^ing' pieced there to work it. The rejf averages from feur to Bix feet wide, and specimens aro found throughout its whole breadth from which, when pounded down, gold is obtained ; but no fair estimate of the yield of the stone can be arrived at without properly crushing it in a machine, as the gold is extremely fine. The company, we are is formad, i* composed of some of the most enterprising gentlemen of Victoria, and a!' the promoters' shares but four have been taken up. — Gundagai Times , 27th ultimo. The question, can gold be'prosured in a payable quantity from tbe sandy beach, near Shellharbour (Illawarra), is now v.dergoing solution. It wiil be remembered that atnut 12 months ago Mr. Henry for some weeKs had a machine at work on the beach near Mi. KilleTea's. Mr. Kil'a'ei w?s a partner in the venture. As it was state 1 that at least aood wages were being made, it was a matter of surpiise that the operations were not continue 1. Cerip'^y the machinery Uf e i was mde and prinrilr ^ and doubt'ess not up to the nmk. Tbe pu mping was done by fc9nd labour, and tbe liietelusf i for *he ama'gam was ea-d to be veiy inferior. From representations made to Mr. T. A. ReidaU, he has been induced to invest in naaeh'uer y of a suitable kind to test tbe possibility of gold being found ia paying quantities. In this venture Mr. Killulea is again a partner. The machine is now at work. One horse is used to work the pumps, two of which ere in operation, capable of punpin^ about fifty gallons per minute. A well is sui'i at a good depth in the sand, and a good supply of water is obtained. The WBshing-mach'ne is about 6 feet by 3, in it are two large plates for the amalgam, about 5 by 2J each. The send, wbichis mixed with aquantityof large water woia pebbles, is first thrown 'nto a wire seive overlying the machine, and a constmt stream of water washes it through Ao a fine wire seive, through which its finer particles with the gold dust are washed on to the amalgam plates. Some weeks will elap-e before the amalgam is remove], and, therefore, for the present it is impossible to judge what the result of the enterprise may be. Much credit is due to Mr. Rcddall for tiying to decide the question whether gold can be procured from tbe sand of our beach in paying quantise?. Tbe outlay for the apparatus must have been considerable. Undoubted indications of copper are found not ha'f a m;,e from the site of the gold opera! lon^ ; but appearances do not indicate even the gho-st of a chance of procuring copper ia paying qu-rntit ler. — Kiama Independent. The Titmberumba corrf ?poct?ent of the Gundagai Times , 27th ultirne, writes : — Considerable excitement preva;'s here concerning tbe newly-disi »vered reef near Ouranie, which promises to hs very rich. Several specimens from it have been fxb;bitfd duiintr the past week, and I myself saw some in the possession of Mr. Joseph J. Adams which were tbicWy impregoatf i with the previous metal. I was also told for a fact that a piece of stone obt-in-ri here, the size of a hen's egg. h»i be°u crushed, which j.eldel 11 dwis. of pure gold. Ia my last letter I etitel that the prospcctura of the Irattlla were also the discoverers of the ntw red: ; but their title to the honour is likely ta be con tested by Mr. J. J. Adams, who c'auns to be the real dis coverer. TheCarccar car r^spir dent of tV Balhurst Free Press, 27th, says : — The reefs in this district are looking as well as ever ; the Junction wou'd bave male a splendid retain tb's month but for the want of water, which has compelled tbe manager, Mr. D. R. Crichton, to leave off crashing for the present. The Burnt Yards Company are removing their { rushicg-engine, aud the engine of the Brown's Creek Comppuv has bad a break-dona, but is now ready for work nfnia. 'of tbe i Tikcnow -md Phoenix Company's works there is tie ' foikwirg' iatclligence iu the Orange paper of the 27th ultimo : — We have much pleasure in recording a successful find by a t arty who have been for some time past working the Uncle Tom claim, Luckuow. Dnr:ng the week a vein was struck through the pyrites whu'h presents sr me remark able features. Ir. was f Jund at the bottom of tha monkey ehaft at a depth , of 260 feet end was struck through the pyiltes, and bas pjiites cn all sides of it. The width of tne pyrites vein, consisting of stone and pyiltas, is about four feet, one quarter being pyiites. This pyrites yields from 110 cz. -0 120 cz. per ton, end the party have a furnace for reducing it. The free gold vein a'udcd tj is from 6 to 9 inches fn width, end consists of calcareous spar (a limestonp) through which the gold is plentifu'iy distri but- i. 'We do not think a test of its richness has t s^n msde, tut our readers may judge of the value of the find for themselves by inspecting the specimens on view at Mr. L. S. Joseph's, Anson-streef. To show the basis upon which the Phoenix Company has been formed, md the pro bability of success fn its operations, we may mention tbat from April 1864 to April 1865, 1686 oz. of gold from the Phoenix claim passe 1 through _ the Bank of New South Wales alone, without estimat'ng that which found its way to other sources. Du'Icg the ^inie period the Industry Rewarded claim (e'so included in the comprny'B lease) disposed of 915 oz. to the Bank, mak'ng atitalof 2143 cz. 12d\iis. 22 grs. In reference to the Fernbe''^ gold-field (Shotilhavrn) the Goulburn Htrald says the mining operations ia Leicsster snd Barber's six-acre lease are progressing with the utmost \ Igour. The diivej bave been pushed forward unceasingly, two shifts a day be;ng continually at work s'nee t^e gioundvas t ikeu ut-. The weBtorn drive on tbe forty foot level is ninety feet into the h'U, end the eastei .1 d' Ive on the one hvndrea and twenty foot level, with on or :u cutting of ninety feet, is eighty-six feet into the hi'. This d-ive is expect; \ to cross the r- jf i*1 a fp-ther distanf 1 of one hundrt J aud sii.*/ feet. The water- light securt 1 for tbis mine bas sLewa -no d'n^nut i-.i i'l its supply of br.antitul ci/stel water, notwithstanding the dryness^ of the season- 'a ve'uable feature in corned ion with a mining vc-nlare. UcBrs. Lert1'® we siufc-in^ with a'l dispatch ;n their five- ac-re ?nd two-acre Ie^es. The foiuier shoft is dowii fori/ ft-et. A It ---0 of five hCies h »s been taken up between the Homewerd Bound e'id Leicestar end Barber's six-acre lease. The HomewaiJ Bound are dowj. fori,/ feet in their new vertical shaft, and expect t » cross the rsef fn e not her twenty feet. The Illawan'd men are push-lag the drive in their five-acre lease, intended to cr oss-cut the Homewaivl Buund Rof. Messrs. Itene and Mar ring are sinking on the Try Again Reef, and bave followed it on the underlay about i-veni/-five feet. It shows good gold ; but the reef varies very much in thickness. Thoy have iu'lv one hundnl feet more to sink before they c. oh the settled count y. Mr. S. Woollen, of Spv'ng Creek, has selected a site for a store and accommodation house, and a tender for their erection has been accepted, the work to commence this week. The extensive sluicing operations at the Horseshoe Bend are shunted about ten miles higher up tbe river, for *he working i,f which a company has just been formed in Sydney. _ Several prospecting par lies are actively engaged in tho neighbourhood. Asa proof of the auriferous character of the famous Red Hill. Sutclifie, Wc 1s fid Co. ci ash' I 57 tons 15 cw 1. of quartz at Moll's O. K. machine, Reedy Crt^k, for a jield of 45 oz. of retorted gold ; about 6 oz. more is ex pc;t( i item the bl^-^ct'ng. wbvh wi'1 bilng the yield up to 17£ dw ? . ti the t .n. Whtn it is con .idered that th''s stine bas been taken twelve feat vide pnd at a depth of sixty feet, the vnlue of tb;s claim c n easily be unaoutood. A previous cruohing of 20 t ins at Chapp3'.'s mac^'ne, a Ehoii time ago, yieldr I H oz. to the tLn. Tb;s is one of the fou~ claims on tbis hili that i^ nbout bc'n^ formed into a e impeny. — Gulgong Guardian, 21vh ultimo. On the ISlh ultimo, a cn/e pondeut at Yulgi'bir Quartz Reefs Wiite3 to the Clarence Ex-iini«er that - 'iere has been discovered another new reef, situate! on the waters of lhe Gras 3 Tree Creek, about four ir:,es f com Solferino township. Tbis reaf was discovered by Paulo Marcolin;, on Saturday last; md on Monday your coi.esj; jndtnt was on the ground, where he saw eome gooi fipeevnans ob tained from the reef, over wb;ch there is cor-iderable excitement. Tb's J'ist reef is intni 1 St. Patrick. From South Australia, we hear through tho Observer of ♦he 20th ultimo, that Mr. U.'rich's report upon tha mineral resources of tho countty ly '^g wltain 260 m''es nouh of Port Augusta, is an elaboi^ta document of uveaty tbrra printed foolscap pages. The Northern nr'nes visited were the BJinonen, Orati'-ga, Nuc-caleana, Woiioota, Sliding Rock, t-vo coppar ore discovodes nesr Cocstiiution H*1', Mount Roje, 'iudanainutuna, Di'.y, S?- Uomitiii'k, Stanley, Orraldena, Welcome, Mount Lyj.d biirpt., Mount Burr,* Belta-a. Mont Em'V, Wi'p»na, Win .iw .'lka, pnd Price AKre 1 n^'nei. The underground work'r^u at thp rnnjoriiyof thene he b«-' l:?Q rnnhlo (0 ir-pi-ct'owln® to tho'r bc-:ng f.'lof warer. His genewl cGu'clusion is tr-'.t the pro.'pect- - f it numcsr of the art not favourable, of 'others oiv? one g-'i of tho n-uis'ndt-r as 1., 'y gc: 1 c id b- -fi.3 depth. Reference i« made to the w -ici--y of timber r-«d wa.tir,rr the d'^cohy of conimumV'ulon vllb the er aboard, to the hop lr ?? ie:-s of the, idea ibat c-;'-scan-- cxi^t ''n the btiata tj ta met with in ibe Far Ilorih, ni to the !-at;-:Liicto:y e\Idenc-of the esi-teLcs of bii jtulh rnd 1^'!. He f-p6--'- of severe lr.:a litii-s as btivg av !ferou«, end concludi s b:s repos - v 1th. pn a count, of tbe gold-beir'? d'stilct ? of UL -bo, Blu-nut-rg, Baio-sa, Echunga, and Jupit if Crc:k. The retoiticg of the enormous mass of gold recently obtained from sixteen tors of stone tiken trom Kroh mann's clatui, on llawkins Hi1', was aa operation requiring no Email ingenuity. Tho gold actually filled what is known in the iron-trade as a ' Io-iach retort.' To get it out of the vessel after being retorted was, there fore, a task of considerable difficulty. The folio wiug method was adopted with success— keys, or wedges of gold, were placed perpendicularly in the retoi t, at intervals, so that there remainei small spaces between them. The amai^m Wats then put in and retorted in the usual way, the keys remaining of course untouched. In the openings made by these keys a crowbar was inserted, and the monster cite was thus easily lifted out of the vessel. A meeting for the-formation of anotbor gold-prosp sc 'ng company wao held at the Prince of Wales Inn, L ?oibi ju, on Thursday night, where about foiiy persons aU?ndei. Mr. K. Dainty occupied the chflir. The comp?--y wdi du'y formed; Aldermen Moely was elected treasurer. Some twenty-four shares were taken up, and £1 deposit par sb^-a j was paid. The company was name 1 the Unit'. d Britons Gold ? Prospecting Compeny. Threa men are to be sent off ; immediately, the company agreeing to pay them 35s. per week for a cerliin period, and, in the event of their being successful in finding a payable reef or gold-field, to m'ko their wages up to £3. We hear that Mr. John Wi'lifms, who has recently retutacl, having been in tha employment of the Lambton Mutual ProspecL.ag Company, is to be sent up for this new compsny, with instructions to tike up some six acres fe town to cintxin reefs of gold-bearing quartz, specimens of which were exhibited at the meeting; but why this ground was not taken up for h's foiaier cam Eany was not Btated. Alderman Harper is also a share older in tbis new comppny, as ore several of the principal business men at Lambton. — Newcastle Chronicls, 27t|i ultimo. Since the appearance of the Amy Gold-mining Com pany's prospectus, much attention bas baen direitai to this locality, «nd the whole of the via hill is now marked oat '1 mining leases. It was the yield from the Fontana warfe ings— ' twenty-three pounds weight of gold from two tons of 6 tone — tbat creat. 3 euch a sensation in mining circles nine years ego, and which, up to the late discoveries at Hill End, remained unparalleled ia the hiatoiy of quartz mining in New South Wele3. The veins and Leaders from which th'- lleb return was obtaiued appear to have bee a lost, and veiy HUlo energy was expenaed in recovering them, or tracing them to their source, or in finding others; yet, not twenty yards from the old shaft a leader has lately be.n discovered, which is said to be exceedingly rick, and to equal any that were worked by the Fontana Com pany, and moreover is reported to ba going dowii 6trongly ufith every indication of widening into a reef. We visited the tpst on Thursday Is ?it, and obtained from amongst some quartz, thrown aside as worthless, twelve ^»r thirteen gold bearing specimens. Tenders are calk! for t nkins a shitt on one of the leasts, which it seems is to fca work-;! privately. A goci deal of eu*facirg has been done on the htU, and it is alleged that as much as en ounce to the dish has bean obtained from the scil. All whose experience jus.ifiea them in pronouncing an opinion agree in the be'fef that a sphndid reefs ei'itts in the locality, and that when di-co- Yirei it will rival the gloiita oi Htll End, The qntwti workings at Box Ridge have a history very similar to that of the Font-.na. When fmt opened the quertz was wonderfully rich, end then the gold-bea'Ing vei-s were lott. Witf'n the last few wcaks the old claims have bsea re- occupied, and the ehaft s sink to a tu^jient depth ti fairly test the ground. Yesterday news reached B»thurst tbat a fine icef had be?n discover. 1, s d t^t qnrtz is btirs? laiscd that will go fu'y eight oi'-ces 10 the ton.— Bothunt Times, 27th u'tinio.^ Later news from Yt'lgflbar, fn the Examiner of Tue~diy, stat :s that at the Garibaldi there is eveiy indication of tij's rtef becoir'ng noted for its richness an agold-bsirng quartz reef. Several of the clafTS bave come upon splendid sp; ;i mers lately, eniongst wHch I bave seen eome u'Om tie piospectors, as well as the following cb'ms — Nos. lend 3 noilli ; Nos. 2, 3, 5. 6, end 7 south. No. 1 south are driving a tunnel, wt'ch will take at lef 't six month' to reach the reef ; No. 2 north are s;'k.:ng, wh!le No. 4 south are tak:»'; out quattz, but wbat their prospects are I have not he~nl. The Golden Lion reef also bids fair. The prospectors are giass'ng eome very lleh stone, bav'^j up to Satu-day last about five cwt. of splendid specimens; No. 1 north has also gc: d stone; while N03. 2, 3, and 4 are on the reef. I have also heard, but c mot vouch for it, tbat No. 1 are getting gold. St. Patrick r :f is meVng JHtle progress, owing to the New Gold'Fields Act not compelling holders of claims to go to work at once. At pr. 'ent there are only three parties at work, end a^ vet I cave not heard of any large finds. I Eaw to-day a large piece of quartz, in wb'ch the gold wts clearly visible, but not particularly rich. The reef is about t n feet in width, Dud there is gold, more or less, fn all fhequartz. At Nell-'gen considerable excitement prevail' about a , qmrtz-mir-'s g c mip?ny be'ng float d ;n the neighbourhc jd, md there is quite a rajre to pror-f jet the diffarent reefs about, here, end 1 em sure by the amount of gold in quartz which lir t be n found in close proximity to the reels that some splendid paying quartz will L opened ud veiy sooa. There are now about fifty miners on CynemsVa*' Creek, and all seem to be getting gold. — Braidwood Dilpatch. Of the qur* it reefs at A -aluen there is the subjoinc 1 in tel'igence in the Braidwood Dispatch of Wedneslay: — A1! ears a*e open, wide open, to hear the report of the next ci 1 shing iiom the reefs at Mudmelor'^ ard the one at the Devil's Pinch. It bas It n told me tu»t from the latter a ED*nll por-Ion of quartz, fay 500 lb.i., was sent to Forsyth's chine, wl''ch 51'elde I at the rate of 2 oz. L6 dwts. to tSg t-jn. Tb'*s promises well, and, bo ff, spe ks vei y well. It is taid by some tbat the stone was c ;refully picke I for the purpose, but sp-?l'ng of th''s ti one who is acquaint :d with the quality of the reef, he states that gold not visible in any of the quariz, and therefore it cou'd not have been select;!. We may reasonably expect a goci return from the next crushing and a3?ay, f .'om which a more deficit! option of the auriferous character of the re jfs r\ tbat quatt?r may be foiine j. The rczt at the back of Burba iowj is bes-'g opened end stone raised to be teste! in the u^uilway. The re fers are now -?iw /l more tb~ a 40 feat, end being experienced hends they speib very encouragingly of the quality of the stone end of the width of the reef. There is but little fresh infoimation worth recording con cerning Green Valley. Work cont nue ; ti be earned on with much vigour end p rsevera^ce. Bend pnd HaHc's clb:nr (Komewp* J:Bou*'t) sail con 'nues to grass goc -. stone. M'Kenzie and Bayley's cl'iiii north, on the same l;-»e, are also pr.?*: ling fair stone, and bavet:ntl0 tins ,to one of tbe Hill End machines for On the Eoutt the Gre n Valley Camp.vy p-e si ll the'r perp n diculer gb'ft to cut the resf at a depth, end hopa to do so ;n a tew weeks. Tb's cl^'m six*--!?' well, as it is situate i between BeaTd end Helnpn's end Lawler's claim, after be^g register! 1 for eome time, bis re umc I worked ; they b-we a 'reef f.om 1 foot to 2 fe it 6 inches ia thidi.if 1, avere-iirg about 18 inches. The qua-iz ii not ve- y rich ; but I cor-ider it is l{-tely to cru^h we'l, more or lefs gold c n ba seen in every stone looked at. The next claim on the same l;*-.e i^ the Hercules, wb'ch is st'll s:-1''-,g t3 cut the resf ; the sir'^ 'g is vc-ry ba-.i fn this sh^ft. Holmau's Amalgamate 1 comes .next. Ihi1; is a k-ge l1?1: -e of 15 acrcs. On the north end, a peipen^'cul'rr sb»tc is being sunk to cut the re t at about 160 feet, level, end the woik is beirq; proceeded w Ith day nd night, the shaft bs;*'rdowji between 50 end 69 feet. On 'he south end of the b f e one or t»vo leaders have besa fov -d, f id one of them is bsing t ~tc i by hav'ng a shaft tmk on it. The Peep-o'-Day Company a »e et'll re'^ing gc 1 stone at about a 95-feet level ; the stone re is: I drr'-w the l'st we 'k or t^n days shews well, gold be;-'g visible at every bree,*;ng down of the reef ; th's is at the whip shaft. At the north end of the lease, work hos been resumed s'ice the completion of the company's batiery, end a large quant 'ty of stone is be;ng grassed. The Sydney Comp -'y, on the Pe p-o'-Dry l-'ne, e'6 st!'l. dilvirg on 'he r f a^d rais'-ig fn- stone; the qusi,« be''jg raisr I *'?» of a ubbly description, much }ifre that be7v» re's' I from the wb'rr t'' i of t're Pt iD-o'-Day. The \\.''.;ou« oa the iircit Coneolidati 1. Comnany's gmuud, beihr I iovj «m Mi'^et: Stjphen's l;ue or: rt -f, bave been let by confix it, Bud the sucrossfu' tenderers bave 1 ln-mencel work. Some of tbe cl ^'nis on the north side of Green Ve'Iey Creek bave suspended work; this is cius'1 I beVeve, through non-arrival of the reqirsita funds i.'cin Sy('--ey end elsewhere; at pil events I have beard some 6t the men employ* l complin in tones, if rot loud sti'i deep, about not gating a quid p.-o quo for thei' labour. The Duke of EdJ ibu-gh i--e engaged in slabbing their shai . — Rill End Times , Wednesday. Tambauoora. — Lat~r news in tVe Time's of Wedne- Jay e ^nt 'if the tollow'^g itcrpi : — The Charles Dickens Com pany.— Tbe operatiors of tt''s company are'- ttieir infancy. A fi'ty-six fest phaft bean sunk and tlmben ?, end it 's expect -d they wi1 1 come upon the reef ( W hit 3' s) in. about 90 frit further sinking. Aten-borse w'-din^-rngiu.e is at work e n tbis claim. White's re )f has been worked before, pnd a long I'ne of desert' i clai us trac?s the rt ?f a'l along the h!-1. About 2000 tons of quartz has bean re5''. J, wb'oh 1 .in feom 1 to 3 cz. to the ten, but the wa+er com'ng iu swenrped e1' the smill holders out, and the cliims have long been ab?ndoned. Tbe Tfubaroora and Sydney Company (twenty-acre leace)— No work has been done in sink ng on th's lease, as they are bur-ilv engaged in ereof-'g a 30 horse power eryne which is destine i to work batteries of 15 hea! of stemware, snd to be fitt'i with pump;-,g and winding gfr. it is supp;-;d tbat they wi'l sb'^e the reef atabout 250 fest, but they do not anticipate b^iu-j at work on the eheft for the next four months. Red H;iJk Comply (twenty acres) bave gone dow_i 150 fejt, and expeot tic rme upon the reef at about 160 feet greater depth— 300 feet 4n ell. Adjo,VJ~-g -his enmpnny s c'aim and to the noith thereof e \j thrc? block c1T'n-i, Lamb's, Kel'y's, and CotMantine'e, several'y, pi' gett*''rg up fa!r remrnerative stone. It enat -ait's Cla'm, tr the north of t^ew, is 130 feet dtjp, but not yet on the reef. The Ris!ng Star Company. —There are tbree shafts on tb's lease being Br^k simult;neou«ly, but, a sin Rena tciu's, they .have not yet come upon the reaf. Tbe Goldan Belt Company, stril :ng for tbe Em'ly resf, which they expect to reach at 200 feat, at\s now down 110 feat. Eisen- ? st»dt;r's Lease. — Tbis tunnel is on the ©Id Company *8 reef, ? and ha^ been dtiven in about 150 feet. The reaf, two feet j' ' * iu tbiebne ;s, bas been struck and tunui-^j^t very fa1'* r-naplei of ttrne. The Marguerite COmpady. — The shaft of tin's company bas been sunk shout 70 fe6t, end they have come upon the reaf five feit thick. There has beau no crushing pi yet, the company awaiting the erection of Eisenstadter's mieb:ne ; but the stone looks exce d'ngly well. Smith aid party, at Bogey Creek, have only been at work fourteen days, a id have sunk the'' pro oecti*!^ shaft about 7 fest. So far they have got exceedingly gocd t tone, and it seems to improve as they go down. Numbers of le-ses bave be ?n, and are being pegged out, but no work seems to be done, as every one ie anxiously waiting for ?Smith and Co. to test the reef. Spaa king generally, this part of the couut. v seems a most l'kely reefing lac'Hty, and it is well known that numbers of heavy tnggets have been found Jrom time to tl-ne in this creek. 