HJOEB NONSENSE, There's tb& beamish young b<5y oi the Burra Who knows how to draw adearaner, Ain't it beautiful how, -' { His juridical plough^ . ' Now turns a political furrow? Whiie his mate whose bruia pua is so hoary, Failod to cover himself witn the glory, Which is shed around Barrow Whf-se new yielding harrow, . / ; .••yj Covers up liis bad seed conamore. Though .Downer's dogs follow their hnirstins, The weather's not pleasant for bareskin, But whatever its like, Mr.. Boucaut can strike, A dim spark out of Alphabet Erskine. There's a member wb o might find it chilly In the chaste pale^cofftinne-of the lily And even Mayor Would.make people stare If dressed so, he " did" Piccadilly. Though the. • guardian cf S.—Goldsack's honor, Bought a feminine ass and^ode upo'n her, Like Balaam of old; . You need not be told, ' It's not that gents ghost but th-3 Conner. There's a quadruped called coatimundi, And a byped yclept Mr. Eundey, The one eats its tail, Tho other will nail A client on all days but Sunday.— While the Teuton'the small-pox is dreading The Stinkwort its sweet seed is shedding, But P. E. H. K, Will discover a way To stay each epidemic from spreading. There's an orthodox legal adviser Who used scissors laa^'sype "for ..{be Tiser, He's as popular now^'-' ~ As a pockmarked old cow. And as sharp ns a baby's incisor. ^ MEPHISTOPHEI.ES. The following copy of verses c^me into our hands in the most mysterious manner, and whether they are intended as a very poor and unworthy travestie upon one of Dr. Watt's truly moral and beautiful hymns, or whether they describe any great and final change, connected with the toilet, and undergone by a certain North Adelaide belle preparitory to the late Bachelor's • Ball, we cannot for die life of us make out, Perhaps the intelligent public may be more successful in their attempt to solve the . mystery— t : THE DY-E-ING MAIDEN^". • A NOHTH ADELAIDE BALLAD, V Dearest. Mother I am dying - -V- j Never will you see me more, . ' • With the glossy iiasen ringlets, r "T / You have praised so oft ^before, . /. I api g"oing to a . flooded in a sea of light, Where angelic forms are gathered Clad inwjfes of spotless white. But I first must cross the river, And the night is dark and drear, Mother oh that I might cross it In the sunshine bright and clear. Soon mil be the journey over, When Fve^ reached the other side J^shall^be so happy Mother fThat I young and .early dyed. Hark I hear their voices calling Prom your 6ide I soon must fly, And my Mother! oh my Mother! You never taught me how to dye : Oh! this horrid Aqua Mira, There's the chariot I declare, And I havent finished dy-e-ing Mv old fashioned flaxen hair. LUKE WHAM. 