SELLING A WIFE. We recently reported the fact that a man at Exeter hnd sold his wife for £50. At the Exeter Police Conrt last week the wife, a smartly dresBed woman, applied for a summons against her husband for refusing to maintain his children, he having that morning turned them out of doors. Sho had also been threat ened by him, and she was afraid he would do hor some harm. After some further conversa tion it oame out that the complainant and hor husband separated some time since, he selling hor to nnother man for £50, and agreeing to take two of the children, and she the rest. Since, however, he had sold her he bad followed hor nbout and abased her, and annoyed her in various ways, aud now he had turned the children ho promised to support out of doors, and told hor to keep the lot. In answer to the bench as to how sho supported herself, she said Bhe received money from the man to whom sho was sold. The benoh said they could not help her, she must apply to the Corporation of the Poor for relief ; they would summon her hus- hand. Sho had brought this upon herself. Sbo had consented to be sold, and thorefore could not expect to have any peaco. They thought it was a most disgraceful case, and that she did not deserve any protection. If her husband threatened her violently or as saulted hor, then thoy would grant her a summons. The applicant then thanked the bench, and loft tho court. The Kgogh Judgment. — As for Mr. Justice Keogh's judgment itself, it is open to all sorts of criticism, and critics aro plenty ; but it has one damning fault, and that is that it was true, that those to whom it was addressed know it was true, that it branded them with a crime deliberately 'concerted, and committed and intendod to be committed in fact, and not as a mere matter of form, in contempt of the Queen, hor crown, and her dignity. If Par liament doos not support a man who has tho spirit to say that, and to make what he says distinctly hoard and understood, even if he does put in things which ho had better have omitted, it had better leave off pretending to govern Ireland. — Pall Mail Gazette. Tiib Milk-and-Water Age. — People are losing faith in all the harsher and more vigorous modes of governing men. As soon as they can enter into anybody's feelings, thoy make allowances and excuses for them. A husband kills an irritating wife. Poor fellow, they say ; he is old and respectable, and she was very annoying, and ho will not do it again. I)o not hang him. A cook mnrders her mistress by a sudden act of ferooity. Tho poor thiug did it in an nnguarded moment, and her' mistress ought not to have come into the kitchen. Do not hang her. A man de- Iliberately shoots another dead, out of mere revenge and because be wb a great raBoal. Well, say the jury, after all he was a great rascal, and we are far from saying that it did not serve him right. An excitable Pole directs an indescribably docile French general to shoot a French civilian dead without any form of trial atall. It was an anxious time, and they all meant well; passitoverasa trifling error in judgment. This is the spirit of tho day, and we must own that it seems to us preeminently con temptible. It is a spirit opposed to all law and all government whatever, and is merely one development of the general rage for free dom and impatience of every form of rostraint of which we have had so many occasions to speak in reference to different subjects. Attach, it seems to say, no importance what ever to rules or principles ; whenever n case arises which leads you to sympathise with anyone who has broken a rule, indulge your sympathy to the utmost. Think only of the particular case which appeals directly to your feelings, and take no notice at all of general consequences which do not and cannot force themselves upon your observation. This is not tho temper of mind which produces great actions, great characters, or great institutions. It does not imply, and doos not tend to pro duce, a high moral standard. It is the direct result of what would in former times have been describod, with sufficient accuracy for rhetorical purposes, as the sproad of luxury. It shows that general softening of the fibre of the nation which is to be traced in many other directions, nnd which is quito consistent with the cultivation not only of physical science, but of athletic nmnsements of every kind. Nor is there one remedy for it. It springs from causes too widespread and toodeepseated to bo much affected either by individual efforts or even by legislation or other exertions of human energy on the large scale. Co-operation — A man has just died in Paris whoso name should bo honoured in the land — M. Lecaire, painter and glazier who solved a problem with the interference of the Government, and carried on a largo business on a mixed co-operative system, which it would be well to see extensively followed. M. Lecaire employed noJewer than 500 workmen, and for thirty years long he applied with un interrupted success a system of salaries which I10 himself initiated. He desired to associate his workmen in the gaius of his house ; ut the same time ho was aware that his men, possess ing no capital, would not be able to support the losses to which trade isever exposed. Ho felt that it was indispensable to assure their existence, as well as that of their families ; nlsothat their handiwork could not be subordinated to tho risks of sppeulation. M. Lecaire therefore con sidered it imperative that each workman should receive a fixed salary for his day's work. In 1842, M. Lecture began to pay his men their day's wages and to give them a certain share in the profits. At tho end of each year ho assembled his workmen and laid before them the result of his operations and divided the spoil. From tho moment that M. Lecaire adopted this system all tho persons employed by him worked hotter, his business increased in prosperity, and a moral and material amelioration was noticed among those engaged in his establishment. This system wns applied with tho greatest success for twenty.seven years, when M. Lecaire, feeling himself growing old, desired to complete his work, and established tho following scale — 25 per cent, for the capital, 50 per cent, to bo distributed among the workmen, and 25 per cent, for the sick and for pensions. M. Lecaire died a fortnight ago, and the house is now managed by M. Charles Robert, ox- Councillor of State and secretary to the Minister of Public Instruction. In spite ot recent cv-ontn (wlnoli must; however, have furnished work to the glaziers) the house clear ed last year 150,000 f., or £0000, three-fourths of which sum was handed to tho workmen or' paid into the mutual succour society. The man who earned during the year 1500 f. had for his share 182 f. France and Mexico. — Since the death of tho Emperor Maximilian there has been no diplomatic representative of France in Mexico. A telegram from Versailles says that the French Government have resolved, now that Janrez is dead, to take stops towards re establishing diplomatic relations between the two countries. The resolution, however, is of older date. For some timo past much incon venience has been felt by Frenchmen in Mexico from the want of any representative of their country to whom they might appeal in circumstances of difficulty. In consequence of this it was lately decided to enter into com munication with Juarez, not indeed directly, but through the medium of tho Unitod States. According to the French papers, tho Marquis de Noailles, the new ambassador of France to Washington, received instructions on the sub- jeot which he had already begun to fulfil. The name of tho now representative of France in Mexico was even mentioned, though there had been no indication from Juarez of a willing ness to receive n diplomatic agent of the Frenoh Government. It is thus evident that tho resolution in question hns not boea come to in consequence of Juarez's denth. The Status of an Anglican Archbishop. — In order to appreciate fully the degree of courage which this terrible step requires, lot us remember who tho Archbishops are and what their position is. In tho first place, they are at the very top of their profession. Neither of them has anything to hope from anybody. They aro two of tho greatest people in England. They nro not only peers of Parliament, but they take precedence of every body except princes of the blood Royal and (except in tho case of the Archbishop of York) the Lord Chancellor. They have several palaces to live in, and incomes of correspond ing magnitude. They have great patronage and power. They are independent of every thing and everybody. If, to give wny to an almost inconceivable flight of imagination, either of them were to be betrayed into the commission of an ecclesiastical offence, say the publication of heretical opinions, there is no known process by which thoy could be brought to trial. When tho Bishop of Natal's case was before th9 Privy Council, it became im portant to tho argument to show how, if tho Archbishop of Canterbury committed an offence, he could be dealt with. One of the Bishop of Capetown's counsel (Sir Robert Phillimore) thought that he could be tried by a General Council and not otherwise. Lord Cairns, then Sir Hugh Cairns, inclined to the opinion that the Queen could issue a Commis sion for the purpose ; but, be this how it may, it is obvious that to mako an Archbishop directly responsible for his conduct is ton times harder than to bring tho law to bear upon a judge for judicial misbehaviour, which is next door to an impossiblity. What, then, is it of which the Archbishops can possibly bo afraid ? Whioh of the Bona of men oan be said to be io any sense whatever independent ii they are not ? They have indeed nothing to fear except their own unutterable dignity. They are nnder nc responsibility at all except responsibility to that fearful hush, that mystic rustling of lawn sleeves and other canonical apparatus, which seems to surround them in visibly wherever they go as it were with tho fluttering of unseen angels' wings. They aro under a kind of spoil ; they have attained their present position principally by the fact that they combine tho precise amount of sus ceptibility to its influences which is required of. Archbishops with a greater amount of talont of the common kind than other members of their profession. This has caused in the long; run a hypertrophy of the organs of decenoyr dignity, aud moderation. Annoying tiie Shakers — A young man named John Hulme was charged at tho West minster Police Court with annoying a con gregation of " Shakers." Mr. Haase, one of the managers of tho chapel, said on Sunday afternoon the prisoner was in the chapel, laughing and stamping his feet. He was asked to desist, but would not, and when re quested to leave the ohapel he made use of a very filthy expression. The defendant said the people in the chapel were laughing at the " Shakers," who were dancing, falling about, kissing each other, and conducting themselves in a most extraordinary way. He never stamped his feet, aud denied using tho 'ex pression imputed to him. Mr. Haase said the dancing spoken of was the operation of the Spirit. When the people felt the influence of the Holy Ghost, they danced for joy ; some times they fell down, but that was very rare ; it was tho manifestation of tho Spirit. Another witness said the dancers hugged and kissed each other, and conducted themselves in a very indelicate manner. Mr. Arnold ordered the dofondant to find one surety io £5 to keep tho peace for three months. An Empty Gaol. — No little uneasiness prevails at present in Oxford (says an English pnpor) owing to the appearance of a white - flag on the top of the city gaol. It was at; first rumoured that the Count de Chambord hnd been discovered in disguise in the towa and arrested by order of the Home Secretary, on a representation made through tho Frenoh Foreign Office that he was plotting against tho Republic by imbuing the undergraduates with Legitimist opinions. This rumour, however, proved to have no foundation ; and it appears that the white flag has been hoisted over tho. city gaol by the governor to denote tho alarming fact that he has no prisoners in the. establishment — all tho cells aro positively- empty, and the prison doors aro thrown wido open for ingress or egress, according to fancy- Many persons have, it is stated, . takeu. advantage of this abnormal state of affairs to. inspect tho prison and soe what it feelB like, and no doubt many old thieves have since this cessation of crime revisited the scone of their former captivity accompanied by their wives and families. . At first people were, rather pleased than not at the novelty of a. gaol with no prisoners, but as day after day- rolls by nnd the white flag still wavea triumphantly over the empty prison, the. matter gives rise to some serious reflections. Is is possible that tho millennium hns com- - monced at Oxford ? Counter. Jumping Impertinence. — Miss Ellen . Edwards, describod as a "young lady of pre- possessing appearance," attonded at the Manchester Polico Court in answer to a. summons charging her with publicly horse whipping, at Messrs. Kendal, Milne, and Co. 'a bazaar, a young man named James Wishart, employed there as an assistant. The defenoo was that the yonner lady had inflicted the. punishment in consequence of insulting letters which ho had sent to hor. The assault was admitted. The magistrate bound ber over ia own recognizance to keop the peace, at the. same time stating that she had received the. grossest provocation, and that Wishart's in- tentions towards her could hardly be honour- - able. Gambling in France. — According to tho Figaro, which has gathered the fact from a. serious source, the French Government is at last about to concede the. right. of opon.ing gambling tables or clubs where gambling will bo tolerated in certain watering places. What tho exact stipulations will he is not known, hut tho spots selected will no doubt pay a large price- for the concession. The writer in tho Figaro repeats many arguments lately em ployed by persons in favour of re-establishing trenle et quarante and roulette in France. The measure, it is argued, will prove a heavy blow- to Homburg, Wiesbaden, Baden, <fcc. ; and at the same time inveterate gamblers, who aro now driven to contend in unwholesome cellars, and with marked cards and loaded dice against them, will have placed at their disposnl a more pleasant and healthy way of parting with their mono'. It is also urged tliat a vice which cannot be eradicated should be permitted and controlled. The writer in the Figaro declare® that tho number of houses where gambling is now clandestinely carried on hns become so con siderable that instead of entrusting their sur veillance to special members of the police force, all the commissioners in Paris have been called upon to aid in discovering and destroying theso haunts of vice. Bismarck and Paper Making. — A letter from Berlin in the Elberfeld Gazette represents Prince Bismarck in a new light — in that, namely, of a papermaker. The paper maun, faotory established by tbe Imperial Chancellor on his estate at Yarzin has proved so success ful, says the writer, that it is impossible to meet tho large orders which come from Eng land. This papor is made of chips of fir — that, at least, is the chief element — and the annual consumption of fir trees is at the rate of GOO klaftor to keop the manufactory sup plied; A new workshop is now being erected which will require no fewer than 1500 klafter of wood a year. The fir forests in the vicinity, which it has been found necessary to acquire, will lurnish ample supplies for several years of the raw material fur Priuoe Bismarck's paper mill. A Bribe Refused. — At /the- Chelmsford assizes a prisoner who pleaded "guilty" to a charge of breaking into a church to steal, de livered to the judge, Mr. Baron Martin, a brief written address, which commenced with this appoal : — " My Lord,- — I have boon over eighteen weeks a prisoner waitiug for my trial. If it impresses your kind- judgment in my favour I shall bo over thankful, and I will bring you as fine a bird for a presout as ever was brought from Iudia next- voyage." Tho roading of this excited, of course, much merri ment. The learned judge . sentenced tho pri soner to three months' imprisonment, ob serving, " But, tuiud, you must not bring ma that bird." A bachelor compares life-. to a shirt button,' because it hangs by a threiid. - 