•CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND ^ HOME MISSION. The annual meetings of the above Union were cor Tioed on "Wednesday evening, May 15. T1 ■ ■■ ws a large attendance, and the Chair in C Manthorpe) presided. After de v . 'lal excrctses, the Rev., Mr. Manthoipe ti. ■ -1 iv seti-med the chair in favor of his suc O0fc."»r. the Kev- .F. Y.\ ' x. A vote of thanks -was uasnhi!-uJly ic.utoed Mr. Manthorpe for! the year's i,.ivi:es, anil this having been acknow ledged by him, the Rev. Mr. Cox delivered THE CHAll.- 4N'3 ADDRESS. The Rev. F. W. Cox, who, on taking the ' chair was warmly greeted, then proceeded to deliver the annual address, of which the follow ing is an abstract i— Brethren and Christian friends—Called by the suffrages of the Union to fill the ohair for the current year, I address myself to the first "duty devolving upon me—that of giving thej inaugural address of this present annual ses sion. In doing so I cannot shut oat from my view that the delivering of this address on the evening preceding the busic ess meeting is in tended to bring together a larger number of Christian friends than is usually present at the Chairman's address, and that -I am inj eome risk of modifying my plan so As to mSetj the case of the wider circle of heaters. . It be hoves us upon suitable occasions to "look back! upon our past history, to consider well our present standing, and so far as may be given to ' us to peer into the gloom of the futnre to see the goal towards which we and other Churches may be tending. In doing this we caanot but remember that we as a body have a history in our native land for which we may heartily thank " God. We had our serious faults, but they have been the faults of the age, while seme of_ our leading characteristics have been those arising from our deliberate conviotions as to the teach ings of God's word. "We humbly dare to hope that our influence has been felt in the making of some of the strongest elements of our country's character. In three different directions our body has been nobly represented in our past history. Cromwell, tho uncrowned king, Milton, throngh whose outward darkness the inward fire flashed forth; Howe and Owen, among the mightiest ot theologians, prove that neither force of will, nor prophetic fire, nor intellectual might have been wanting to ns; and all consecrated to the highest and divines! Use. Among the various theories of Church life and polity we may take the two most marked as typical—the multitudinous and the selective.; The former contemplates all men within certain boundaries who have been subject to certain ordinances as members! of the Church, coutem-i plating it as a visible and organised commu nity, while the other regards the Char'ch as a. Society of faithful men and women who are drawn together into association by" spiritual affinities, springing from a common life, drawn from Christ Jesns as the source and root, banded together for mutual edification, for the adminis tration of Christ's ordinances, and for greater power and influence on the masses aronnd them.. In our case there is also the completeness of ■ each worshipping society to do all Church work and to regulate itself under law to Christ with out external control, trie .Bishop being the overseer of a Church, and not of a group of Churches, except in the case of small Societies. This we believe to be the New Testament idea, and we also believe that, notwithstanding the infirmities that cling to everything human, our practice has jus : tilled pur method ; and we would not willingly exchange our tried plans for anything in operation we may see around us. We are not insensible to the case that may be plausibly made out for the broad basis of Church fellow 8hip, as when it is said " tVe plead with the wickedest men in our parishes on the very ground of their being Christians to lead lives . conformable to their principles," but we have aotso learned Christ. In our case we require a credible profession of personal faith in Christ; and a walk and conversation corresponding therewith. We say " personal faith" as distin guished from the mere general acknowledgment that our Lord lived and died to save men. It , is true we may often have used unscriptural methods to obtain this knowledge, that we may have often treated the Church as a fortress to be defended rather than as a feast of rich blessings to which famishing sin ners are to be invited. But with our idea of what the objects of Christian fellowship are we are. constrained to seek Christian fellowship with those who are like-minded, and have some personal experience that they are translated ' out of the kingdom of darkness into that of the Lord. While we thus state our case, we are not insensible to certain tendencies to which we are liable, imperilling our very foundations. The present quickening of men's thoughts id producing in us, as in others, restlessness, and anxious gaziDg about for what is next to appear. We see, too, that other forms of religious organization have some advantages which we imagine we have not.- It is trite remark that every form of Church life is perhaps the embodiment of some leading characteristic in itself good. We also admit that no Church ever existing per feotly embodied the divine idea. Our special principle has been to throw the soul directly upon God; to bring it into communion with the divine through the Word and by the Spirit of the Living God. We have always taught that no man can stand between the soul and God in a priestly capacity, and that no ordinances can supply the lack of the soul's own personal communion. We have to ap pearance reversed the common adage, "No salvation out of the Church," by placing Christ for the Church, and making the Lord himself not only the door to spiritual life, but the door to the Church itself. He objected to a recent lecture by Mr. Froude, whioh contained a history of the manifestations of religiousness, for the author had missed the true point (o which his subject should have led him, viz., that in all profoundly earnest and simple forms of religious life the individual soul is thrown to a great extent on God himself rather than upon the priesthood' or sacra ments or organizations ; and when this is done that one great fear—"the fear of God"— casts out all other fear—makes men resolute and untiring in doing what they believe God i requires, and also enables them to stand alone, so to speak, as nothing else in the world will, and to defy the world if need be. A.nd this is what we have desired to do in our Church life. Now it seems to us as if some of our modern tendencies were in danger of weaken ing this principle and lowering this idea. One tendency of whirl we complain is seen in our supposed necc ' v t 'arge increase of numbers, so as to keep ; all the other forms of religi"u<> life--cm-:.: •..■■■ bserve, we are not ; .speaking v. cf M, i. i o to carry the word of God 10 de.-itVuit'.- r- ; -borhoods. In this age of publicii •' the Church, too, seeks to live in the blaze of / ibiio life. Numbers are ehronicled, results are tabulated, and we are thus under constant temptation to "measure ourselves by ourselves, and to compare ourselves among ourselves." And one effect of this effort is a feeling of jealousy of other bodies who may exhibit larger statistical returns than we, which calls for great watchfulness lest there should be a weakening of that fraternal regard we should cherish to Christian Societies around us. The next ten '• dency arises from the former, and is a dissatis faction with our long-cherished principles, and a leaning towards a connectional form of organi zation. "We have no Diocesan Episcopacy. . Presbyterianism and Methodism will often do [, things easily that are hard for us to accomplish, j. aid imay often avoid certain evils into which , we are likely to falL But we take the balance ' of good and evil, and we stroDgly feel that we canl/d not alter our system for another, even on the general ground of expediency, were we not satisfied with the divine authority of our principles; though, while claiming Scriptural authority for our principles, we are far from claiming the same for the form in whioh we may present them towards society. "We might illns . icatfi_ihiB- question by reference to political forms of government. As Englishmen, we have often been loud In our praise of the autocratic rule of France, yet once more has history demonstrated that the gathering the life to a centre, instead of leaving each local point a centre of life, is in the long run a mistake. Another tendency arises from the develop ment of political power, worldly wealthy and social position in our Churches. The progress ■of the country in material advancement has been something unparalleled, and in that ad vance the bodies of Christians holding Noncon formist forms have been among the largest par ticipators, The .result has been the oultira tion of ideas before unknown to us. Our meeting-houses, became chapels, and then churches. Our ministers are sometimes called clergymen. Our style of architecture is changed. To a large ektent we have dropped the name Independent for. the weak Americanism Congre gationalism Our Congregational singing is also in danger lest a few highly-cultivated and highly paid voices should be expected to do the singing, while the people content themselves with listen ing to sweet musio. Increasing wealth and sooial refinement have brought niany of our people into dontaot with classes of society who haVe regarded dissent as a positive social stigma, so that some are drawn away to the other side. Besides this, the possession of wealth has a tendency to lead, even Christian house holds, to the adoption of a style of life and of amusements of a worldly and questionable character. Also, the way in whioh the lawful business pf trade and commerce is oarried on iS often quite Undistinguiabable from that of the. world around. O that Christian men would • learn that they are nowhere commanded to be rich and great, but that they are commanded to be holy, even as their Father in _ heaven is holy. Another ten dency, in the wide spread of general religious ness, with an accompanying laxity of view pf New Testament requirements, and the almost total neglect of dootrinal study, is the looking upon Christianity as a general code of morals —as a wide-spread purifier of the general life of nations—rather than what it is—a special revelation from God to rescue lost men, as individuals, from the curse and condemnation of sin. That theological study is at a low.ebb in some branches of the Church is shown by Dr. Littledale in the . Contemporary Revicio, and that it is so in other branches is & matter of personal experience, while the tone of the secular Press shows clearly the tendency I have alluded to, ss instanced by the recent article in- the Times on Chinese mis sions. We cannot affirm too loudly our convic tion that the Gospel did not come from God, ratified by the blood of Christ, to improve legislation, to purify society, or to make the lot of man on earth more tolerable as its primary re sult. Nay, verily, _ God's method is to act on centres, and then in circumferences, on indi viduals saved by His grace, and through them on those Within teach of their influence. The comparison of spiritual work should not be compared with a Board of Health, but with the physicians' work, who comes to dying men with an infallible remedy fresh from the hand of God. If the Gospel does not this last, I fail to see what its use is, for in nations in which it has proved its power we see many of the direst evils of society yet rampant. War is more frequent than it was in Pagan Home. Slaver? has only lately been ex tinguished. Pauperism and crime abound, and the depths of social degradation are as profound in London, Glasgow, and New York, as they are in many countries where the Gospel is not known. These things are blots upon our Christian escutcheon, but assuredly they will never be cured by our forgetfulness of the per-1 sonal and individual nature of Christian work. | "We observe in the tone of preaching among Evangelical bodies a tendency towards an indis criminate application of the law of Christian life to the mass of hearers, as if Christian work were merely regulative instead of regenerative. The peril is that of mistaking ourselves, and causing others to mistake a mere external conformity with the ethics of the Ten Commandments, combined with going to service twice on Sunday, for the demand made by the Gospel for the heart, the whole heart, and nothing but the heart of the children of men. The foregoing are some of the dangerous tendencies ; yet let it not be thought for a moment that we are insen sible to the evidence of good around, that indi cate a new stage in the Church's development. For example—The growing sentiment of unity and co-operation among the Churches in some directions,, notwithstanding the widening of the breaches between them in others. In some directions this desire for union takes the form of ecclesiastical coalition, as we have seen it accomplished among the Presby terians, and talked of in Conference, &c.;, among several other bodies. To me it seems that in most cases this is but a dream at present, albiet, a dream that indicates the direction of waking thoughts. The inestimable blessing both to the Church and the world of the oneness of life in Christ and the oneness of pur pose and aim which the Gospel inculcates can not be doubted when we read the tender words of the Master in John xv., 12, and xvii., 21. But the fulfilment of this dearest wish of the Lord's heart seems to be capable of as complete a fulfilment with a large measure of outward diversity as with entire amalgamation of all existing Church- organizations, if there only be oneness of heart in Christ. Another satisfactory point, to us at least, is the manner in which some of the principles of Church life, which we have always regarded as fundamental, have appeared in unlooked-for and unlikely places. High Churchmen sometimes enunciate the in dependence of the Church from State control. In the Church of England, too, we have seen a greater prominence giving to the teaching ministry, while the disestablishment of existing State Churches is a question coming to the political surface in most countries promising to result in the complete severance of this unholy alliance. . There is also evidence not only of growing religiousness, as seen in the great pre ; ponderance in number of distinctly religious publications each year over any other class of literature, but also many helps to the better un derstanding of the Bible than used to be .seen. Theresultof agesof mere textual preaching, and of the use of words.of Scripture for any purpose to which they can in their isolated form be applied, is beginning to yield to a more thought ful consideration of the scope and meaning of the writers of the Bible. Through the writings of such men as Alford and Stanley new ideas of the use of Scripture will spring up, aud that good day in which a revised text and a truthful division of the books shall supersede the pre ssnt chapter and verse system is not far distant. In conclusion, let it be ours to hold to the great verities of Scriptural truth firmly, and to trust them implicitly. It has been our fate to be thought by worldly men imprac ticable, and so it must ever be where our principles are clearly seen and firmly grasped. We seem to have been often defeated, bnt we have always been victorious iu our defeats. After every successive failure we have only to restate our case, and to continue to do it with that pertinacious assurance that springs fromja living faith. But to this end there must be in our individual hearts a complete submis ion to Christ as the only Lord and ^feacher, and an equally clear perception that "rifen can only be [ saved by the divine means. Add to this patience m wormng, praying, ana waiving, was oan only spring from a consciousness of a Divine power underlying and rewarding all we do, and we cannot but conquer through Him who hath loved us. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpb proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Cox, for his able, eloquent, and interesting address. A number of reports had to be read, and therefore it would be unwise to enter fully into the various points touched upon by Mr. Cox; but he would say he had never listened to an address from the chair with greater pleasure than the one delivered that night. (Hear, hear.) He was exceed ingly pleased at the outspoken expression of their principles, especially that of personal faith in the Lord Jesus Christ being the basis of Church life. He had noticed a tendency from this direction, which he deplored and hoped would not increase. The Rev. J. Gibson seconded. The Rev. 0. B. Symes moved the adjournment of the debate, so that a fuller expression of their views upon, the address might be given. He was much gratified at the way in which those grand old principles of their Church life had been enunciated. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe seconded, and this was carried. . BEPORT. The Rev. E. Griffiths read the'annual report, M under:— Meetings.—The monthly meetings of the Committee during the year now expiring.have been duly held, and the attendance almost without exception good, averaging nearly 17. Once only did it fall below 16. The number of meetings held, inoludiug two specially o.dled, is 15\. To expedite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub- Committees, whose meetings have also been well attended. Assisted Churches.—The first important duty that fell to the hew Committee to dis charge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecuniary assistance. Out of the estimated income of the Union the following grants were made for the year which closed March 31 : — _ Milang, £75.—This sum was voted in con sideration of the failure of the crops in the district, and because of the recent settlement of Rbv. T, Dftviss, as pastor ; <jn the understanding, lio wevSr, that the sum of £2S should be deducted from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church the next year.* Besides the above grant from the ordinary funds of the Mission, the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few members of Committee, on behalf of Rev. C. 1>. "Watt, late of Milling, now through age and infirmity .tStired from the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services—Milang, 90; Point Sturt, 45\. The auiount raised for all purposes— Milang, £107 18s, lOd.; Point Sturt, _ £25. Early in the year 1871, the 17 communicants were formally constituted a Church, to which 19 members were subsequently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vols..) a Bible class with an average attendance of 16; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. Happ^£alley, £40.—Rev. 0. Hall reports the financial condition of the Church, as com pared with the year before, "a little better," and spiritually " much more encouraging." Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Church members, 39; a "prosperous" Sabbath school, with 80 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7id. "The Church is far from being able at present-to maintain, its minister, on account of its poverty." Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills, £75.—These Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who reports that the Cliurch at Port Victor has "suffered through removals and depression in tradethat the Church at Encounter Bay is " about the sameand that Bald Hills Church has " declined very much through loss of crops and removals." The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13, 9,12 ; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 20 and 3, 39 and 5. . Amounts raised during the year—Port Victor, £6118s. 4<|d. ; Encounter Bay, £18 0s. 6d.; Bald Hills (including £6 9s. from the Sabbath-school), £26 19s. Mr. Hodge adds, " we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs are much more pressing than they were last year." KaDINA, £30.—The average _ attendance on Lord's Day is—at Kadina, 125 ; at Green's Plains, 40; Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, "slightly improved in almost every re spect. The Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has now become self-sustain, ing. Mr. Hall, finance secretary, writes, "I am requested by the pastor and members of the Eadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to in form you that at the expiration of the present grant they will not require any further aid." Goolwa, £25.—Tnis Church, under the pas torate of Jttev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60; the members number 20; the Sabbath school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighborhood, "the number attending public worship is increasing." High-stbeet, Kensington.— In addition to the above grants, voted early in the financial year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church, Rev. W. Nicholls reports that during the nine preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9 ; and that the congre gation has doubled. Assistance at the present time, from the fund of the Union, is solioited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will " cheerfully" do so. Alma J'LAINS.—A.n application for a grant of £50 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial services, is about to secure a settled pastor. Houghton.—This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission, t Mr. McEwin reports an improve ment in the attendance, which now averages about 25. A weekly Bible Class of "from 8 to 10 lads" is held; also a Sabbath school of 70 scholars and 9 teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is "on the whole much better" than it was last year. .The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay—the only spot in the South-Eost where Independency has established a footing—offered a field of labor that over-reached the powers of any one man, and that if the Society could send out a quali fied young man to co-operate with the Rev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards his sup port, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Com mittee for believing that the request would meet with the favorable consideration of the Society. No reply has been received beyond a formal acknowledgment of receipt of applica tion, in which, however, the Secretary, Rev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, but that he would bring the matter before the executive of the Society at their earliest meeting. Pbecedenot.—The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded to the Grov-rnor. It issued in a correspondence be tween His Excellency and the Committee which was published in the daily papers, 25 th May. The Committee then proposed to memorialise the Legislature on the subject, but the Rev.' 1 F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted ] I with representatives of other denominations, it' was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, .which finally vanished from the Committee, 12th September. Ministerial v Training.—The Committee resolved, June 13th, that it was desirable " to encourage and assist a few suitable. young mem, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves; for the Christian ministry and that to secure, this end it was further desirable to obtain if possible the co-operation of other.denominations ; and that the Baptists and Presbyterian bodies should be invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. Favorable replies having been received, delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared a few recom mendations, which were accepted by the Bap tist Association, the Presbytery, and, at'the half-yearly meeting, our own Union. A Council composed of six representatives of each of these three bodies was foimed, and the result has been, made public in the prospectus of "IUnion College." Vi&hAi; Ministebs' Pbovident Fund.—The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of the pastorate, Was brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable . expectations 9, ere then created that some influential member of Committee would prepare and talte charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeated delays and disap pointments, it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Fund of the Victorian Congregational tjnion might be,mad0 a basis for the conside rition of the question; dad 2s Rey. J. C. McMichael, of Gawler, had till recently re sided in Victoria, he was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly consented. A general discussion at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, McMichael, Smedley, Siow,_ and Griffiths, to prep'Ste a scheme for submission to the present meeting. - . , Rules op the Union.—The atrencitfn Gf the Committee was early called to the desirability of amending the By-laws, so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more care fully the method of conducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of Officers and Committee for election at the annual meetings, ka. , A list of revised By-laws was in course of consideratidn, when—the inadequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally, noticed and acknowledged—it was withdrawn in favor of a more comprehensive list of Rules,1 in which the most important elements of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised Rules have for some time been' in the hands,of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. Half-yeaely Meeting.—This was held at Port Adelaide, October 26th. The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. Magazine.—The position of the South Aus tralian Independent, now under the editorial management of Rev. F. W. Cox, is, in a financial aspect, highly satisfactory. But the number of copies issued, about 580, the Committee con siders might be easily enlarged, and they venture1 earnestly to hope that this meeting will promote a much more extensive circulation of the Ma gazine among our congregations. STATisidcs.—The following figures are an abstract of the Returns of our Churches, for warded at the request of the Government Sittings. Average attendance. 1869\. 8,203 5,052 1872\. 7,941 4,750 Members. Sunday scholars. i 1869\. 1,338 3,085 1872\. 1,571 3,103 The above are an approximate estimate only. , Some Churches decline to furnish the desired | particulars, and among the answers are Borne ! obvious errors. I riEViEW.—xne Uommittee aesire to express their gratitude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refuge of our Churches; beneath whose eye, and resting on whose everlasting arms this tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and his foun tain has been upon a land of corn and wine. "Bless, Lord, his substance, and accept the work of his hands." It gives the Committee great joy to be able to utter their congratulations with Stow Memorial Church in that it has pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length another and well accredited pastor. Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B. A., arrived in Ade laide in March, received a hearty welcome, expected hard work, and immediately plunged into his labors. The Committee, on the other hand, sincerely regret the departure from the province of Kev. T. Davies, and deeply sympa thise with the now bereaved Church at Milang, among whom during the past year his ministry —a service of talented faithfulness—presented a pledge so full of hope. May God direct the steps of our brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be occupied by him, and may He send another out, or raise an other here, to take his place. Uev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim, ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to "Victoria. The Committee rejoice, however, in the ex pectation that he will before long return, and permanently devote his valuable services to the Churches of South Australia. It has given much satisfaction to the Committee to learn that the Church at Alma Plains has invited Mr. J. A. Dowie, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, and that Mr. Dowie, whose labors in that district before his departure from the colony have not been unblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing " the forward ness of his mind," and that " it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing," the Committee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only that he may give full proof of his ministry, but also that his zeal may " provoke" very many." The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstaa'ce arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden and peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray that to our Churches the coming year may not only be as free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant and abiding mercies. May Tt'be a season in which every one of our Churches, from the least to the greatest, shall enter into a. profnunder rest, and be edified ; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia, which are " not of this fpld." The report was formally adopted, and the discussion upon it adjourned till next day. FINANCIAL BEPORT. Mr. G. SCRYMGOUR, before reading this report, referred regretfully to the absence of Mr. A. Gore, who otherwise would have read it. Mr. Gore, he said, was one who had done the Church good service—(hear, hear)—but their regret at his departure was lessened by know ing that they had an able exponent of their principles where one was wanted—at the Northern Territory. The balance-sheet showed a balance in hand from last year of £70 'is. 3d. ; subscriptions received during the year, £27210s. 7d.; total receipts, £342 10s. 10d. Expenditure —Grants to Churches, £225; other disburse ments,'£50 lis. 7d. ; total, £305 lis. 7d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £36 19s. 3d. The report was formally adopted, and the debate on it adjourned till next day. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. "W. T. Flint read the magazine report, which was unique, as it showed no liabilities. The total assets were £60 18s. Id., including, however, a large amount due for magazines delivered; £25 voted at last half-yearly meet ing to the editors and publisher had been paid, as also all incidental expenses, so that, after two and a half years' experience, the publica tion of the magazine had be6n a success. A decrease in the circulation of the magazine was regretted, but it was hoped that the Churches would do all they could to promote its usefulness, and circulation. CHURCH BUILDING FUND REPORT. Mr. C. Smedley in reading this report said; | there was an increase of £61 0s. 6d. in the funds. The Churches aided were in a healthy condi tion, and no doubt would repay the moneys which had been granted them. He referred to the good done through the medium of this fund, and trusted it would receive increased; I assistance. Last year the assets amounted to, £1,536 2s. 10d., and this year they were £1,597! 3s. 4d., and consisted of—loan, £1,492 4s. 3d., interest, £61 7s. lOd. ; rent, £4 lis. ; bank, £35. lis. lOd. ; and cash, £3 8s. 5d. The report was adopted, and the discussion upon it adjourned till the following day. This concluded the day's business. The Rev. E. Griffiths announced that the meetings would be continued on the following day by prayer, business, tea, and public meet ings. 