^5, grtt onaptar of th« Parramatta Birir Hoíror |¿, pralimiawy examination, of thi""1/! inspectée murdirera-ha* oleaod; and th« aeoaie'd1 ara lodgec Ja Darlingharat Gaol, to talco their^blels^befori ihat sigh eoart' of criminal " judléatarô whíohi ..Heidi |]¡e jawirof Hf« and daath-tha^awfrd^po^ae of «jciiiaf whether a prieensr »hall bs'prenonnced guutlua and discharged to the Moued fra« air of litwtr, or placad in chaîna, îniMarad in a.dungeon, tad «air hrratht out to ha hanged lilt« a dog! Trhtt th« Mtenghta of nan in saab, a position ntuat is, waa they »new that they muet reeaain ia their ?Uta af horriM* anoertoiaty far »ix ar nm weeks, I shall nat dara to epooulefre mp*o. AU muai depend .... tkmr+wn aMaiouDiM »n¡H A. _T »JIU» »< lemimbtr» can which occarred in eneetaor part o the country ioma yaara ego that has «¿tea «true* wi ii one (erribly illaetretive af the h arron that mus: iovarrensd a murderer. Many ea ey retwtaaber th« jJruoawUncei, and the then enapleyer e£ th« man who wu saurdered is ne« a> residías of Sydney. The ïicti» WM a eaepheri, who hod -me down te the jrorinaial motrepolis to ' kneok down' his oheque, md hil tear« fallen in with a loafing scoundrel who ihjok to him like a leooh, and . finally started with Mm for tho butk again, when th« shepherd had moires te »tura, with what balança of his wages io hui teen able to retain. On the amma nigbt the Ireaoheroua companion returned te the town, and to th« inn whish they had both left thai« aaerning. His (tory w*i that hie oate had £ ene on alone ; but the landlady observed a strange wildnoas in his nianar. A bloody razor and n towoi itained with blood were found her in the lid-raom he had taken up ; and he, with the demon glare of the murderer in hie eye, followed her about tte heaie dering the evening, in a mannie te oréate uplisiint feelings. At last he waa arrested by the noli'co on saerjioion : hut when hrouarh 'hafarn thn fw.V.« migiiiratee nothing ooald ba fevad to juatify hij do tiotioi. There was ne yroaf that OUT marier hat »ila committed, or that'tha shephard was not etil ! on iii way back te the station. The prisenor wai 1 rilsuid, and immediately teek paetage by ssoamei '' br a townahip ap the river ; when, ju** at thal critical tims, intelligence arrivod *t the finding el th body .( ths murderad saan, under ckfoumatanosi of thomeelves intereeting, but which I have no time to narrate, nor you muon, spaoo to record. A oonaUbla-the messenger of juelice, swift of foot was instantly erdered te cress a sort of peninsula aid intercept the steamer kt the next bend of the river. He did se, and brought his piitoner in handcars to the shore, where he was seen afterwards confronted with the corpse of ass viotim. It lae- stork naked in the hospital, with A tearful gash in tb* threat, and a aub ia tho skull. The two mea had been pre- paring to get dinner, in the dry bed of a crook off the read, when the murderer maa* have came hehiad his violin, stunned him with a blew from a tomahawk, and then eut his throat. He was oo*v viotsd and hanged. Bat' what MUS* have been the state cf thia aaurelerer's mind when, gsVatistj ovor hit eacnroe, he aaw Che steamer stepped, and the policeman cosaiag on beard f What when led into tie »em where lay the murdered body,' of tho indina;'of whieh he had nat antil thoa been aware f Bosttbing like the theaghts of John Tawell, I nppese, when 'the oerds that hang' him-the telegraph wires, flashed along the railway line by which ha was «leaping the erder for his arrest. i 1 flt» carteen «ra th« Farm mu tin Biver tragedies ; ippiara in this week's - Sydney Pone*. A» meit of j TOUT nadar» har« seen it er ought to do BO, I need I itt lay mere town that it mproaeats JV»zion, with iiriirerdat present pcieed «poa her .healder, and fjidii by a bright atar above to th« dim and »hadowy put of th» river where float» th« distorted carpie of > ranrdcrad' man : and the motto, ' Fi«» Justicia,' completes the pietnre, A great deal ii sometimes laid about the gre»» impropriety ef any suoh nferioois in th» publio prints ; but, moat oertainly, if the lat« ihooking murder» had oo»urr»d in England, broad aheeta with all kind* of illuatratiena, and copies of varies of. th« Oateraeb. kind, would long sinoo lave been Mattered all «vcr the country. Some of us ar« iaelined to .carry thia squeamishness too far. Th« saasa of Juatioe has often received invaluable aid, and the meet canning devioes of the murderer been unmasked, by moans of paWicity, ' which, se, that it is not calculated te thwart the investigations of tho folio», orto warp people's minds unjustly, ought not to he ehjeeted to. The Prcis has, at various times, teja greatly instrumental in bringing to light the detatle of many shocking «nurser«-for instanco, tho» of Maria Wartin, in the 'Red Barn' ; William Wtare, in Grill's Sill Lane ; thc atrocities of dur ko i md Har«, in Edinburgh ; and Bishop and Williams, : in London ; Saab, th* wholesale sanrderar ; Palmer, th« poisoner ¡ the scannings, and many ethers. By. the-hy, «¡th refarence to thc Bcd Barn affair, it may : ta nmemborod that there was a little bit of advor ; tiling ansie»!» in that too, for after Corder had mur ; dirid his sweetheart, he advertised fer a wife, and . got .on« ; and th« polios ofäcer» wore able , to trio» hin to the plaee where ho had settlod : ¿own v with this unfortunate lady, who WOB ; keeping ' a lohoel. But, whatever opinions may ht entertained on thoso points, it is idle to sltempt to stem the current of popular sxoitemont incases of this kind, and, on the whole, I look . «poa it as a wholesome manifestation. 1 pereeive that amongst other, and moro ' ohaffing* invitations to » trip « np the Parramatta River,' several steamers ? are chartered in real earnest for trips of that kind i, OB Kastor Monday, and there can be very little doubt that they will bo well filled. And oortainly I " would much rather go up by, a orowded steamboat t. in tho broad and beautiful sunlight than by 'tho ,| family beat" ia the evening, before the moon rose ! ... Bnt while these realities havo boen engrossing our ^ attention and horrifying our mind« here, I nco that f they have got np an abominable impostor of a ghost , at Holbourne, whoso yarn, through the 'medium,' . about hie having been murdered moro than twenty r y«»t«ajo,!! jttst the kind of talo thoy tell to tho "Î -nariaes. Wall, now, 1st iii out tho uninviting subjeot, and tura hon murd« to politics, whloh is nearly as bad. I ..» that Parliament is to most on tho 30th April, »nd it will afford isms fun to soe the three-handed rael whioh will immodiatoly como off botwOen .Mejçtiô.,1 Partis, »pd :FersWí, : It .wil^bo instruótiv'p" to eas tho "dodges,to bo first with a motion of oon£ "i i and hore another qustíon'hao arisen amongst , tko quidnunos;) BnnposinsjHhat.'Mr^Parkos should .nooeood in carrying Buoh a motion, WILL Sir Alfred, MB£|»riinj j: Jb^ll th^b.ma#ervä^ «Mied, "fri ôoforîcs ànï al streit'' oörnörs ¡"but wo, molt watt tanotba?TrnontK"ferr{he ringing up of tho .attain ; 'ähn 'taft most .tfxpirjfcWi'j^lttióian-oven. Mr. Dover himielf-could not form a guess whon fte complete estimates for 18T2 will be voted j but May name ia not on thora, I am tolorably easy on tbot soon. In tho, meontim^jjtis a mercy that tbq. rnbbiehy corroafondenoe" 'in *thV He'raïd ' between "orue of tho loading rivals appears nt length to have . *HO brought to a olese. I a m't know how it is that I^mö»t'^rr'iT0rent',y.. lal mit-allow ridiculous mattara to mix themselvaa up in my mind with »nob. serions joke* as politios Iand Parliament;. but. tho discomfiture which some mult necessarily undergo in the coming conflict, and I the:undignified retreat whioh must be the necessary I oonsequenoe, calls to mind what is said to hare ooourrod to a young French gentleman on a risit to . Borne. ' He had the, good fortune to meet a friond I wh|> intro^duoed hice} to an Italian lady of high rank, I and this Italian Frinoess invited him to a ball, to bs. heldat her pala'z'jo that evening. After gratefully aooepting the invitation, however, hi4 friend dia oo'verad that ho had not a pair of 'tights,', whioh; form th« nether part of th» full-dress oveninT cos- tume at Homo. "What waa to be done ? There waa ne time to get a pair madr>, so ho resolved to get a pair of his own black grousers altered to the requisite shapa, and sent thora to the tailor's accordingly. Tho hall oommonned,- with a brill ant assemblage, and his nethor garment passai off I admirably; until, after tho. heating precess of one or two dan o eu, ha became comoious of the torturing; presónos of ton thousand devils in his oonrorted pantaloons. Tho remainder of tho story I give you verbatim from the text :. In all modesty be it said that the Roman tailor bad left multitudinous living; thiogs in tho Inner seams, and without taking time to crush thom, turned the pantaloons right sida out. Tho unhappy Frenchman could Staad lt no loagor. He formed a plan, and when the next fast dsnco commenced stole ont on the balcony through ono of . tho windows, and moving to the end anddonly whipped off the unmentionables, tamed them lnaldo out, and bogan to beat thom against the marble ballustrale. Unfortunately, In his hast« and eon fusion, he display od too much energy. The garment ot tor- ture escaped his hand and went flying into the street. Two young pifferarl thought lt a gift thrown thom from an' upper window, snjsjd »nd hoedl«ss of tho Frenchman's violent #_ fme-ho was afraid to spoik mada olT with tho lu0 e~( j~|Clo of clothing. "What was to be done ? The situation rightful. Even the danes was now over, and cavaliers wera beginning to load tholr part- ners oat into the fresh air of the balcony. Ho looked np ; it was ovldent the a ky conld not bo reached. He lookod down ; nothing could savo him !f ha Jumped from suoh a height How on earth was ho to entor at the window and oross that room full of olegantly-dresied pooplo to tho door at tho other side ? And yet It must be done. Our agllo Frenchman came ta one of the windows, stooped down to an almost sitting position, pulled lils innor girmont ovor his knees, and amid little screams from the ladles and shoats of laughter from the men, went hopping like a frog across tho room. Ho almost flew down the stairs, and saved'hlmsolf from the astonished sorrants by a rush through tho ball. It ls needlesa to say ho left Homo tho noxt morning, and hos neror slnco boen «eon io Hie Etornal City. . I sincorely truBt that none of our members will have to olear out in any suoh stylo as thia ; but, from all the threats' wei hear of 'unmasking' psoplo, and ' pulling off their disguises,' and so forth, when tba Assembly raeots, a similar catastrophe, figuratively speaking of courso, seems not altogether improbable. "Whatever kind of character our now Parliament may roceivo from outsiders, tho experiences of some of them, judging from their writings, oppear to have given them an awful ' down' upon oaoh other. In passing, it may bo montioned that remarks have boen mada upon the dato fixed for the Parlia- mentary meeting, namely, the 30th April, that bein,; tbe day appointed for tho Agricultural Sooiety's show, to be opened. It is quoationablo whother it may not bo considered extravagant as wall as inconvenient to open two ' Great Exhibitions' on tho samo day. Soma time ago I gave, from an English paper, some aooount of Riobard Bayne, a ' converted thief,' who had distinguished himself by preaching- and leaturing to the ungodly, in "connection with tho Oity Missionaries and a soup kitchen, but who waa now basely ? ohargod with stealing six pairs of boot 1 'uppers,' from his employer, though ho himself doolarod that ho looked npon tho transaction ai merely a matter of ' oabbago.' On that oooasion he had been committed for trial ; bnt later arrivals havo brought reports of the trial itself, from whioh I Und that the base proseontors of Slr. Bayne-to wit, the police and others-Swore that, though in his religious leoturos on Clcrkenwell Green and elsewhere he exhorted his hearers to lead a moral, virtuous, and godly lifo, he himself was. at the time indulging in the grossest profligacy, neglecting his wife, and spending upon abandoned women the greater portion of his earnings. Even the Chairman of the Court, ' Sir W. H. Bodkin, seems to have beon prejudiced against this good man, for he oalled him a great hypocrite os well as a great thief, and sen- tenced him to two years' hard labour. Thus are the righteous rewarded in this wioked world 1 Buttha last mail brings us another caso, in whioh Kr. Edward Wright, a ' reformed burglar,' had. given a fashionable supper to a large and distinguished com- pany, and seemB to have boen very ohoioo in hÎB soloction of them too. Hero is tho paragraph, record- ing this interesting inoident in tho haut ton of the Great Metropolis : On Tuesday evening a sapper wu given to ISO' convlotbd felons, by Ked Wright, tho well-known converted burglar, at the Mission Hall, Hales-atroot, nigh- street, Deptford. Tho candidate* for tickets of admission woro compolled to attend tho night beforo th supper and give an account of them- selves to provo that they really woro convicted folons, and by the sharp and close questioning of Slr. Wright, about fifty woro ref asod tlokots as impostors. i :, . Somo may'disapprove of this extreme exclusive- ness, hut I think that it is highly to be commended ; nuda» Mr. Bayne may ba taken as a modol of pious, thievery, Mr. Wright may be ncooptod as 'tho standard of polite and exolusive burglars. I liko that notion about the Fijian securities, whioh of coursa I know nothing about mysolf, bnt it soOms reasonable and liberal. . Borne incredulous being bad hinted in .the' commercial columns of the Herald that tho Fijian aoourities woro not likoly to moot with favour, as a former issao of Troasury Bills had boen dishonoured : whereupon a rospeot4 able Sydaoy firm writes rather Htoraly.to your Qrandmothor, to sot her right, and demand n retrac- tion, onolosing an extraot from the OfBohl Qazotto of Fiji to the following purport : .Treas ury, Xovuka , . ,7th Fobroary, 1872.. Notice ls hereby glvon, that tho Treasury notes now bglng issuod will bo takon up la «poole from ttmo to timo (lt re- quired), a« tho cota now hoing colleotod from tho various pro- ' vinces is reoolved at tho Treasury. . > J, 0, SMITH, .. Minister for Finance. ! Exaotly so. There npp'oars to be rio ; denial ol tba | repudiation 'of former .aaouritios-I don't- know whother it was so or not-bat though I regret tho neooaaity of announcing it, I \am bound tb.{rejoice in the fact, that tho present securities aro to be taken up from timo "to time, if required, as tho tin aom.es in. What reasonable man ¿¿aid ask for, moro t I.obnsidor myself to bo tolorably honest, ' as the world goos,' but, to show my conscientious approval of this arrangement, ns a oommoroial Operation. I am willing, at o'noo, to Issuo debentures ; to almost any amount,, pledging my. word of honour to tako .thom up whenovor I got hold of the money. Mats I ',Q,ao vous voulez ? Tou can't got blood out of a turnip, or take tho brooks off a Hiolanman-not . 'that I moan to inainaato that tho FijianB aro .'sans : oiillottos, or avor woro so, or if they, woro, I have no doubt that it was convenient nod necessary. '?' 'In' jay caso, I know that.Tlooic witt onjry on tho'«'Butt; Administration' for their being oblo to launch a loan", at all. I wish I oou'd got a leaf out of their book's1 Dr. George J. Fattisoa, in tho Evening No wo of Wednesday last, tells ns aomo of tho seorots of tho charnal-h'ouao Sj. tué'"-iMaiftl^' '.' loathsome" room in iwhioV"apad.'^^ baver to maka post-mortem examination*. . hopo^ taut . r.fiPattiso'n's fetter, ;\o^Üe» Jiadr^óinjf 'the Mayor and Inspeoter-Generalbf Foíibe to file infor, j mations against ? p y ive*. for allowing^ so-foul a nuiaanee tb exist 'dp .long;,)' Will ¡¿aire the^ «ifl .ot.of diminishing the number of suicides; for .surely, no man of.'tho least' iñfoileotualrefinement would litre ' to kill iimself,', with .ttB~prósp»oJf,pf his'tiepsed body, hoing 'oarried off to a plaoe liko that. -It would add to the bitterness of deU^r ,gnä'o|ius^ the1 peatost .fcloada.ieTt humanity tb he regarded with ' eTe¡n;e^oátflr'dísgnst'than'fesjr. ?'.'..;" , I s.v ? -i ;if.<»i.í«u¡v u. s..i ¡. ii líi-ii 1: . \- I hays nothing; to a ,- ; . nd don't think that much on» hi added at[j>^ ( '. (1 , "v-?.^,**i>*? "j^8 ""ftf ? and rtovoWl caudv^ nf .jVt.r. p^.fAnpirjijws, stand. in? by the wr»ek"of tho'Maria to the last, hetjpirif? all whom í.is ' could help, ,' '" ''Y*^ wreok' broke' np,'_ oná he was on no more. tv> : « . nay. think thi? procedure on his part most eaitiu ul», unntilitarian ; but he must have boen guided enUréljr'by his, own ! ideas of duty. His wife and child, it appears, were on their way to En^laml, where timi) small property had been loft him, so hn munt hav.o felt oasy about thom. A strong and perhaps nx»itsoritnd sense of duty, howovor, or ftensrooity, sonifctimes makes mon do very foolish thint;«, or what'nppear so ; but, God knows, suoh unselflnh oxam pies uro not no plentiful in this country as to bo despised. ' 