A DECEPTION. You may remember that I lectured lately for the young gentlemen of the Claytonian Society. During tbe after noon of that day I was talking with one of the young gentlemen referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or another, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said — ' Oh ! if 1 could only see him laugh once more ! Oh ! if I could only see him weep.' I was touched. I could never with stand distress. , I said : ' Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him for you ' ' Oh ! if you could but do it. If you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? can you bring sooth ing tear3 to those parched orbs ?' I was profoundly moved. I said : — ' My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes in my lecture that will make him laugh if there is any j laugh in him, and if they miss fire I j have got some others that'll make him cry or kill him, one or the other.' Then the young man wept on my neck, and presently spread both hands on my head, and looked up toward heaven, mumblingsomething reverently, ana tneu ne went arter nis uncie. ne placed him iu full view, in the second row of benches, that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ! I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore aud aft with red-hot new ones. I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind ; I fumed and charged and shouted till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and . furious — but I never moved him once ; I never started a smile or a tear. Never a ghost of a smile, und never a suspicion of moisture ! I was astouu ded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek — with one wild burst oi humor — and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. It never phased him ! Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The president of the society came up aud bathed my head with cold water, and said : ' What made you carry on so to wards the last ?' I said, ' I was trying to make that confounded old idiot laugh, in the second row.' Aud he said, 'Well, you were wast ing your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger.' Now, was that auy way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger, aud orphan like me ? — Mark Twain. Lemon Mabmala.de. — Pumpkin mar malade is thus made ; — Take vegetable marrow ? or pumpkin, young or old, rather old preferred. Boil till quite tender, and peel or scoop the pulp from the rind with a spoon ; put the pulp into a cloth and wring it to remove the ex cess of water ; put the pnlp into a pre serving pan ; to each pound of pulp add 4ozs. preserved lemon peel, cut thiu, or fresh lemon peel boiled till quite tender and cut into shreds ; to each pound of pulp add fib. of sugar, boil and stir until a sufficiently firm consistence is obtained ; stir the whole time if you wish to be quick over it and have the preserve keep well ; this rule holds good in all soft fruit preserving, If tho flavor of orange is preferred, preserved orange peel or well boiled Seville orange peel with the unboiled juice may be added ; a drachm or £oz. citric acid# to the pound will improve both. 