MISCELLANEOUS. 7:; .... The Secret of Success.— Eaffaelle being one day asked how he had reached the point af perfection at which he had arrived, answered— ' By neglecting nothing.' . - ? ? -'?'?'..-. Shaking Hasus takes its rise from the custodTbf taking hold of the weapon-hand to guard against treachery ; on this account it is considered bad manners to offer the left hand. An Elephant's Bemohse. — There was, some years a-»o, a trained elermant in Travaneore. whose lcAflnArwaa ?innnct.imnJ +«. call daily at an arrack shop in passing, giving the elephant a little of the spirits each time, both being ' fond ot a drop.' One day the beast was refractory, and the keeper, much displeased, threatened that he would stop his allowance of arrack. Shortly afterwards, calling at the shop as usual, he brought out the arrack in a dish drank the whole before the eyes of *the animal, and returned the vessel. The elephant, highly ineensed^truck the keeper with his trunk, but so heavy was the blow that the man was killed on the spot. Perceiving what he had done, the sagacious, and on the whole affectionate creature, exhibited marks of the deepest grief, roaring and crying like a child over the corpse, and fondling it, and was with much difficulty ultimately led away. — 'Indian Notes and Anecdotes' in tile Quiver. A New Dodge. — A curious circumstance occurred some time ago, which places the dexterity of the members of the swell rather in a striking light. A female of very lady-like and pleasing manners, called at the establishment of one of our first hairdressers in town, and after a little conversation, re quested to know if they shaved gentlemen's heads. An answer been given in the aflirmative, she proceeded to state that she had a brother, a young man of rather facile mind, and that their medical man had thought it advisable that his head should be shaved; that he was troubled with, strange hallu cinations — such as that he belonged to and was a member of a large drapery establishment in town, giving the name and so on. After a little more conversation in the same strain, she said she would bring her brother next day, and that he (the hsir-dreFsar) was to have two men ready in waiting, so as to forcibly shave his head and that they were to pay no attention to bis protestations of being a member of the great firm she had mentioned. Having succeeded so far in binding t:ie worthy hair-dresser, who promised to have everything in readiness, she took her leave. Next day she called at the drapery estab lishment above alluded to, and bought a considerable quantity of silk goods, and stated that if they would send one of their young men along with her, to a particular address, they would get paid. The lady and the young man with the goods then left in a cab, and when opposite the hairdresser's establishment she told her companion thac if he would go along with her, she would get as much money as would make the amount of the bill. The unsuspecting youth went and was met by the per fumer in the most bland manner, who requested him to walk up-stairs, which he did, not doubting but that he was to receive payment of the bill. No sooner had the unfortunate wight entered the room than he was pounced upon, and despite all his protestations that he belonged to such and such an estab ? lisbment, which, of course, were put to his unfortunate state of - mind, he was speedily denuded of his tresses. The lady who Imrl in 4-.li*- Tnaanfima Viouti Innlrino* Tirif.Vi OTP.nt: nnnlnooa ti/ito said, as she was afraid her presence only cause greater excite ment to her unfortunate brother, she would leave, and return in a short; time, She decamped accordingly, goods and all, and has not since been heard of. A Mysterious Visitob. — In the year 1704 a gentleman, ap parently of a large fortune, took furnished lodgings in a house in. Soho Square. After he had resided there some weeks with his. establishment, he lost his brother, who had lived at Hampstead, and who on his deathbed parii.'ularly desired to be interred in. tl?e family vault at Westminster Abbey. The gentleman requested his landlord to permit him to bring the corpse of his brother to his lodgings, and to make arrangements there for the funeral. The landlord without hesitation signified his compliance. The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accordingly brought in a very handsome coffin, and placed in a great dining- room. The funeral was to take place the next day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the necessary preparations for the solemnity- He stayed out late; but this was no uncommon thing. The landlord and his family, conceiving that they had no occasion to wait for him, retired to bed as usual about twelve o'clock. One maid-servant was left up to let him in, and to boil some water, which he had desired might be ready for makinsr tea on his return. The girl was accordingly sitting all alone in the kitchen, when a tall, sceptre-looking figure entered and clapped itself down in a chair opposite to her. The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex ; but she was terrified beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this unexpected apparition. Uttering a loud scream, she flew out like an arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of her master and mistress. Scarcely had she awakened them, and communicated to the whole family some portion of the fright with which she was herself overwhelmed, when thesceptre, enveloped in a shroud, and with a face of death-like paleness, made its appearance, and sat down in a chair in the bedroom without their having observed how it entered. The worst of all was that this chair stood by the door of the bedchamber, so that not a creature could get away without passing close to the apparition, which rolled its glaring eyes so frightfully, and ao hideously distorted its featnres, that they could not bear to look at it. The master and mistress crept under the bed clothes, covered with profuse perspiration, while the maid-servant sunk nearly insensible by the side of the bed. At the same time the whole house seemed to be in an uproar ; for, though they had covered themselves over head and ears, they could still hear the incessant noise and clatter, which served to increase their terror. At length all became perfectly still in the house. The landlord ventured to raise his head, and to steal a glance at the chair by the door ; but behold the ghost was gone ! Sober reasou began to resume its power. The girl was brought to herself after a eood deal of shaking. In a short time they plucked up sufficient courage to quit the bedroom, and to com mence an examination of the house, which they expected to find in greta disorder. Nor were their anticipations unfounded ; the whole house had been stripped by artful thieves, and the gentle man had decamped without paying for his lodging. It turned out that he was no other than an accomplice of the notorious . Arthur Chambers, who was executed at Tyburn, 1706 f and that? the supposed corpse was the arch rogue himself, who had whitened his hands and face with chalk, and merely counterfeited death. Abont midnight he quitted the coffin, and appeared to the maid in the kitchen, 'When she flew upstairs he softly followed her, and, seated at the door of the chamber^ he acted as a sentinel, so that his industrious accomplices were enabled to plunder the house without the least molestation.. A Naheow Escape. — It may truly be jsaid that repentance is easier now than it can ever be again. Let me illustrate this. On the wild weird coasfc of Britain there are tall and craggy cliffs, which overhang the ocean. The people residing near make their livelihood by gathering the eggs of the rock-birds. An iron is fixed in the cliff above, a rope is attached, and the adventurer in«*n-_n !,;,« n»i f .,.^'1 1, ~ nwiiTAiM n4- 4-li/» a Art a r»f +.1ia rnp.lc. - : In doiUGf luncio uiuiDcu uiidu uo aiinco «*u «««? ^\\*^v- «*. — ~ — — — — ,.-?_- ~ ±* this many dangers are encountered. Once, a man#3una the rocfc to overhang so much that he was obliged to swing Mmself too and fro, so as to gain Hs foothold on the rock. He succeeded, but m doing so he lost the rope from his gaasp. The rope swung too and fro, its Tibrations becoming less and less, and each time more and more distant. The man stood, and, quick as thought, thus reasoned with himself : ' That rope is my only chance of life ; in a little while it will be for ever beyond my reach. It is nearer now than it ever will be again. I must lay hold of it instantly, or I die !' So saying, promptitude nerved bis strength, he sprang from the cliffs as the rope was approaching ; he caught it, and was safe \— %fc Jfcy, ff% Maguire in ' %ln Quiver.^ 