CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The annual meetings of this Society were resumed in the Stow Memorial Church on Thursday, May. 16. The day's proceedings opened with a prayer meeting at half -past 9, and at half-past 10. The Adjourned Business Meeting commenced, presided over by the Rev. F. W. Cox. After singing and prayer, the Rev. E. Griffiths stated that apologies had been re- ceived from the Revs. W. Wilson, S. L. Harris, and D. Milne, who were unable to attend. He also wished to introduce to the Union some who were present for the first time— the Rev. C. B. Symes, of the Stow Memorial Church; the Rev. J. Lloyd, of Wallaroo; and Mr. Dowie, the pastor-elect of Alma Plains. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., and Mr. Dowie were then received into the Union. The minutes of the last meeting were taken as read and then confirmed. ADJOURNED DISCUSSION ON CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman stated that he felt out of place in presiding whilst discussion should go on, but as it had been usual, he supposed he also must bear the brunt of what might be said. The Rev. C. B. Symes had listened to the address with great pleasure. He felt it to be a most valuable resume of questions and difficul- ties in their Church life. He had been espe- cially pleased at the emphasis with which the selective principle of church order had been stated, because in the present day it was opposed by many. Perhaps the means they had used to ascertain the true Christianity of their members had sometimes been questionable, but they were satisfied with the principle, and should seek to employ it on the most common-sense plans, for they must always remember that the Churches, whether considered as a family or, as a society, would be held responsible for the character of those in them. He was not quite sure if he had understood the Chairman's reference to their relation to other denominations. He had ap- peared to indicate that the looking round on others was a weakness, and that they ought rather to be content with their Congrega- tionalism, without borrowing from others ; but he held that one of the great beauties of Con- gregationalism was its elasticity — that it could adopt new forms without any alteration of its principle. In England the isolation of the Churches was deplored, and he held that it was a weakness they might remedy without sacri- ficing anything by it. He had thought, too, that the slightest possible infusion of Presby- terianism would assimilate their Church life nearer to the acts of the Apostles, and make it more useful. The tendency which their brother had pointed out to merge simple Church life into something more ornate certainly existed, and should be watched against. He was sorry, as a stranger, to hear that there was a tendency to cultivate choir singing at the expense of con- gregational singing; but he thought such a tendency would be counteracted by the use of simple, melodious tunes, such as were now general in England. He thanked the Chairman for the valuable address. Mr. R. Searle had read the address, and could endorse most of its statements. He thought with the last speaker that their Churches suffered from being so isolated; but as to their psalmody, he did not think there was the tendency to neglect congregational singing which was feared. He objected to the strictures on the word Congregational, though he could sympathize with the feeling that had prompted them. Independent was too cold a name, and indicated standing aloof, while Congregational was warmer, closer, heartier, and spoke of brotherly union. Mr. James Storrie suggested that when the address was read one day and discussed the next it should be printed, and a copy supplied to each minister and delegate present. An excellent report had appeared that morning in the Register, and had slips of it been printed they would have been useful in the discussion. He had been pleased with the Chairman's remarks on denominational names, but he thought that whatever names they preferred they ought to stick to one. As it was, they had a Congregational Union, but an Independent Magazine. Personally he preferred the name ' Independent' for various reasons. The Rev. J. C. McMICHAEL agreed exten- sively with the address. He liked the name Independent and the word Chapel, and he be- lieved their singing had the tendency spoken of ; but they were not responsible for the address, and he thought their discussion upon it should not be too lengthy. It was a noble address, and they had best take it home with them and pray over it. The Rev. J. Jefferis thought the discussion on the address did good, and he wished to criticise one point. The Chairman when dealing with the subject of the personal aspect of religion had drawn a picture of the other aspect, which was hardly true. He seemed to set forth that while God acted upon circum- ferences from centres, there was not much to show that English society had largely improved by the Gospel, and a contrast was drawn between England and Pagan Rome, showing that after all they had not much to thank Christianity for. He did not believe the Chair- man meant that, for while they were only doing their right work as they were seeking to lay hold of individuals, yet were they to look for wider manifestations of their success than in indi- viduals themselves. Surely the world must be the better for 1,800 years of the Gospel, and he hoped the Chairman would modify his remarks on this subject. The Rev. E. Griffiths supported the remarks of the Rev. Mr. McMichael, and thought it would not be well to prolong the discussion. Mr. A. Hay thought that if there was no dis- cussion the address would go forth as the utter- ance of the Union, though many might disagree with some of its points. He hardly liked what the address said on the primary object of the Gospel. He thought it was intended to act on bodies as well as on individuals. As to the denominational name, he thought they had better leave it alone until they were prepared to decide after thorough dis- cussion. As to the Church psalmody, com- pared with England theirs was good. The objection to the trained singers he took excep- tion to. It was necessary that their singing should be led by those that could lead, so that the congregation might be trained to sing. The singing was the only portion of the service the congregation took part in, hence it ought to have every attention. To be satisfied with an educated ministry and an uneducated psalmody was a mistake. The Rev. W. Harcus thought it would be better if the discussion followed immediately on the delivery of the address. This would give their remarks more spirit and sympathy, and would tend to prevent long speeches. As to the name being changed, it needed a proper time for discussion. But 'Congregational' was in- convenient, as in America there was a body of Unitarian Congregationalists. He thought Mr. Hay had hardly done justice to the passage he quoted. It meant that the Gospel was to act primarily upon the individual, and then go on to affect society generally. As to the singing, he thought that the adoption of the simple easy class of tunes to which reference had been made would tend to improve the con- gregational psalmody, though he hardly thought there was the tendency to exalt paid singers in the way stated. The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., expressed sympathy with the Chairman, as much had been attributed to him that was hardly correct. As to Church music, there had been considerable improvement in it, and he recommended the use of the Bristol Tune Book. Mr. Dowie expressed hearty concurrence in the address, and hoped it would go forth largely approved by that Union. It was desirable that they should be reminded that they had a history upon which they could look back with humble pride; but the lay agency for which their history was famous was being lost sight of. They needed such Church help in South Aus- tralia, as the district showed in which he was settled. He agreed with the spiritual remarks, but while he believed in a selective Church principle, yet every Christian should work out from the centre of his own soul to the circum- ference of those whom he could influence. The Rev. H. Cheetham moved that the best thanks of this Union be presented to the Chair- man for his excellent address, and that if he consented, it be printed in the magazine. The Rev. C. Manthorpe seconded. The Chairman was not goingto reply to the points which had been brought out in the dis- cussion. The address was his address, and he knew that his opinions were at variance on many objects with those of some of his brethren. He had not intended to have the address printed, as the yearly printing of the address created a bad precedent; but as it had already partially appeared in the newspapers, and as they wished it to appear in the Magazine, he would withdraw his objection. (Applause.) As to the criticisms of the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, the declaration at the commencement of the address of the extent to which English society had been influenced by Congregational Christianity modi- fied what followed. Carried. DISCUSSION ON THE GENERAL REPORT. The Rev. J. C. McMichael would like a para- graph added to the report. Last year it had been intimated that he had accepted the pas- orate of the Gawler Church for a year. Now he wished it to be stated that he had accepted the pastorate for an indefinite period. Agreed to. The Rev. C. Manthorpe moved "that the statistical portion of the report be omitted." It was evidently erroneous, and had better be left out. The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded. Carried. Mr. A. Stow (the Secretary) asked whether they should supply the Government with the denominational statistics they applied for. Upon the motion of Mr. STORRIE, it was re- solved that the Secretaries be directed to give last year's returns except the average atten- dance, and that returns for the present year be obtained of the chapel buildings, sittings, Sunday- schools, and members. ; Carried. The Rev. J. Jefferis moved— "That the Alberton, Aldinga, Brighton, Kooringa, Mor- phett Vale, and Wallaroo Chapels be placed in a list in the returns under the description of buildings in trust to our body, but not occupied by us at present for public worship.'' Carried. PRESBYTERIAN DEPUTATION. The Revs. Jas. Lyall and J. Davidson attended, on behalf of the Presbyterian Churches, as a deputation to express the Christian sympathy and brotherhood of the South Australian Pres- bytery towards the Congregational Union. They were introduced by the Rev. E. Griffiths, who accorded them a hearty welcome. The Rev. Jas. Lyall said that they were present as a deputation to express the fraternal greetings of the Presbytery to that Union. The two bodies held substantially the same Evan- gelical truths, and worked for the same great ends by nearly similar means. It was the first time the Presbytery had appointed a deputa- tion to such a meeting, and he was glad to observe the mutual good feeling and respect which was growing between the two bodies. His intercourse with Independents had been cordial and pleasing. The two bodies, too, had much to draw them together. They had histories which had gone pretty nearly in the same direction. Both Churches had cherished an earnest desire for purity and spirituality. In these days of rationalism and ritualism also they were better fitted to resist such tendencies than any other two Churches. They should not magnify their differences, therefore let them endeavour to work more unitedly in the cause of their Lord. As an individual he desired and could look forward to the union of Presby- terians and Independents in one Church. To say that as a representative, however, would be exceeding his authority. But on behalf of the Presbytery he wished the Independent Churches great prosperity, a large measure of grace, and great success in advancing the kingdom of the Lord. The Rev. J. Davidson endorsed what Mr. Lyall had said. He also had had pleasant inter- course with Independent ministers, and in these days, when so much remained to be done for Christ, it was well the way should be cleared, if not to incorporation, to close co-operation be- tween them. He looked with pleasure upon the exchanges of pulpits which had occurred be- tween the ministers of the two denominations, and thought this would tend more than anything else to bring about union. He was pleased to be present, and presented the fraternal greeting of the South Australian Presbytery to them. The Rev. C. Manthorpe said they all recipro- cated most heartily the expressions of regard they had just heard. As a return of kindly feeling, he moved that the Chairman and the Rev. J. Jefferis be a deputation to the next meeting of the Presbytery, to express on behalf of the Congregational Union kindly sympathy and fraternal greeting. The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded. ; Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. ; The Rev. C. Manthorpe proposed the adop- tion of the report, and that ministers and delegates present do their utmost to increase the circulation of the magazine. Mr. J. M. Dowie seconded. It was suggested that as there was a credit balance, the magazine should be improved by increasing its size, by using smaller type, or by incorporating the "Children's Magazine" with it. The Chairman could not understand the credit balance, as it represented some Churches to be indebted that he knew were not. Mr. Shawyer explained that the report was up to April 12, and that the amounts might have been paid since. Carried. The Rev. J. Jefferis thought it would be advantageous if the Presbyterians would unite in something of joint responsibility in the pro- duction and use of the magazine. He moved that it would be an instruction to the new Committee to take action with reference to the co-operation of their Presbyterian brethren in the magazine. The Rev. J. Davidson could not speak with authority, but having felt the want of such an organ he would be willing to forward the wish of the Union. The Rev. J. Lyall would also support such an arrangement. Carried. FINANCIAL REPORT. On the motion of the Rev. C. Manthorpe, this report was adopted, and ordered to be printed. REPORT OF THE CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY. Adopted, and ordered to be printed. ELECTION OF COMMITTEE AND OFFICERS The following gentlemen were elected for the year:— Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Secretaries, the Rev. E. Griffiths and Mr. A Stow; Finance Secretary, Mr. G. Scrymgour, jun.; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Anderson and S. Whitmore. A vote of thanks was passed to the late Finance Secretaries, Messrs. Buik and Gall. Chairman — Rev. E. Griffiths. Upon the motion of Mr. STORRIE, seconded by the Rev. C. W. EVAN, it was resolved that irrespective of the Committee elected that day all ministers in connection with the Union should be ex officio members of the Committee. The following gentlemen were elected as the Committee: — The Revs. C. W. Evan, J. Jefferis, C. Manthorpe, C. B. Symes, Cheetham, A. Scales, McMichael, Ferguson, Messrs. A. Adamson, J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer, H. Dean, G. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, J. Grosse, W. Newbold, G. Phillips, J. Porter; J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, J. Storrie, D. Robin, and J. M. Stacy. REPORT OF UNION COLLEGE. "The six delegates appointed by this Union at its last half- yearly meeting met those appointed respectively by the Baptist Union and the Presbytery of South Australia. The Council thus composed, after preliminary meetings, passed resolutions (which have been published in the prospectus). In accordance with these resolutions an appeal has been made privately to many of our leading citizens. In most cases a generous response has been given. The Council entertain no fears but that suffi- cient means will be provided, partly by an En- dowment Fund, and partly by subscriptions from Churches and individuals, to carry on the work so auspiciously commenced. The most liberal donor (Captain Hughes) holds out hopes of giving, at no distant date, a sum sufficient for building and partial endowment. The Council have taken offices in Temple-Chambers, Currie-Street, suitable for temporary class rooms. In these, during the present session, the classes will meet. Classes for the study of English literature and mental and moral philo- sophy, of mathematics and natural science, and of the Greek Testament have been already formed. It is hoped that very shortly a class will be started, in addition to the others, for the sjtudy of the classics. Ten or twelve students have already applied for admission, several of these being already engaged in preaching. The Rev. C. B. Symes moved, and the Rev. C. Manthorpe seconded, that the report be adopted and printed, with the best wishes of the Union for the prosperity of the College. Carried. Resolved, that it be a recommendation from the Union to the various Churches to contribute to the College as often as practicabe by sub- scriptions or collections. Mr. R. SEARLE was appointed on the Council in the place of Mr. A. Stow, resigned. REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE ON MINISTERS PROVIDENT FUND. The Rev. J. R. Ferguson stated that the Committee had taken into consideration the Provident Funds in connection with the Victorian, English, Scottish, and Irish Unions. The result was the simple scheme, submitted to the meeting in the printed forms they had. It was simply the basis, meagre and crude it might be, of a future structure. The scheme was then considered. It was the plan of a Provident Fund to afford aid to ministers incapacitated for ministerial work from funds raised by entrance fees, subscriptions, collections, legacies, and other ways. After considerable discussion (in which it was stated that the Angaston Church had already collected £145 towards the Fund) and the moving of various amendments, it was re- solved that the scheme be referred back to the General Committee to take action upon it imme- diately. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. The Rev. C. Manthorpe said they had hoped to welcome at their meetings two brethren ap- pointed by the Baptist Association as a deputa- tion from the Baptist Churches to their Union. The Rev. D. Badger he believed was one, and probably his removal to Mount Gambier pre- vented his attendance; and some sufficient cause had doubtless been the reason of the ab- sence of the other delegate; but it was well to keep up fraternal relations, and he proposed that the Revs. C. B. Symes and E. Griffiths be ap- pointed a deputation to the next meetings of the Baptist Association. Carried. GRANTS TO CHURCHES. It was resolved that the Committee be left to deal with the grants to Churches for the ensuing year, and with any invitations that might be addressed to the Union to hold a half-yearly meeting. ROLL OF MEMBERS. The roll of ministers and delegates present was made up as follows:— Stow Memorial Church — Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., Messrs. G. Anderson, D. Robin, W. Palmer, H. Dean, M. Goode, A. Adamson, A. Hay, W. T. Flint, J. Tasker, sen., and H. A. Crawford. North Adelaide— Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. J. M. Anderson, A. Dowie, J. Porter, W. Bruce, R. Searle, G. Phillips, A. S. Devenish, T. Frost, T. Grose, J. T. Shawyer, T. Harris, and J. F. Conigrave. Hindmarsh-square - Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. C. Smedley, J. A. Chartier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, sen., G. Scrymgour, jun., J. M. Stacy, G. Miller, C. Scrymgour, and W. D. Allott. Glenelg— Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. Jas. Storrie and F. Caterer. Port Adelaide— Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, Grosse, Michelmore, and Stone. Hindmarsh — Messrs. J. Pickering. M.P., J. Mitton, J. Aston, J. Vardon. Kensington (High-street)— Rev. W. Nicholls, and Messrs. Packham and Cowman. Kensington (Clayton Chapel) — Rev. E. Griffiths, Messrs. A. Stow, and G. Wood. Gawler— Rev. J. C. McMichael, and Messrs. J. Davis, J. Dawkins, B. E. Deland, J. Finch, W. Malcolm. Salisbury— Rev. J. R. Ferguson, and Mr. T. McCauley. Kapunda— Rev. M. Williams, B.A., Messrs. D. Will, Small, and Cameron. Maclaren Vale— Rev. J. Howie, and Messrs. T. Colton and J. Brown. Truro— Rev. P. Barr. Wallaroo— Rev. J. Lloyd. Alma— Mr. J. A. Dowie. Happy Valley— Rev. C. Hall and Mr. Klose. Port Elliot and Goolwa— Rev. J. Hotham. Milang and Point Sturt— Mr. B. F. Cameron and Mr. C. Blackwell. Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald Hills — Rev. C. Hodge, Messrs. G. S. Read and R. Allen, jun. Angaston and North Rhine - Rev. J. Gibson. Personal members— Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Rev. W. Harcus, and Rev. H. Cheetham. Evening Meeting. A well-attendod tea meeting was followed by a largely-attended public meeting held in the church. The Rev. F. W. Cox presided. The proceedings having been opened by singing and prayer, the Chairman referred to the day meeting, and said he considered that at future meetings of the Union it should be as well to have a third day, so that they could more efficiently carry out their duties. Having alluded to various subjects mentioned in his address, he called upon The Rev. M. Williams, B.A., who stated that the subject of his address was ' The lack of spiritual life in their Churches, and the means of remedy- ing it.' Their body had been greatly blessed, whereat they praised God ; yet a lack of power and life was evident, for they had to lament fewer additions to their numbers than they wished, and many aspects of their Church experiences were unsatisfactory. He pointed out that the remedy for this was to feel their need of improvement, to awaken them- selves and others to a sense of their respon- sibility for the lack of success which prevailed, and to attach importance to work assisted by the powerful energy of the Holy Ghost. These remarks he applied, with forcible reasoning, to ministers, office-bearers, Sabbath-School teachers, and the Church generally. The Rev. Mr. Lloyd urged that as Christian brethren, they must have something to do to promote the spread of Christianity. If the Gospel did not take hold of the heart their Christian life was not real, and as Christ was known by His work, so must they be known by theirs. Lack of prosperity had been lamented. He asked what were they doing to remedy this. They had beautiful appointments in their Church order, but they needed the gracious shower of divine blessings. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., stated that his subject was 'The reality of spiritual power.' By spiritual power he understood God's mighty working on the minds and hearts of men. It might be silent, undefinable, and secret, yet was it real as life itself. If it were not, what were they as Christian Churches? Nothing but societies united by certain ideas; not believers inspired by the Holy Ghost. The work they attempted would only languish in hopelessness. It was noticeable that where spiritual power was most manifest there had been the greatest confidence in its reality. Apostolic times illustrated this, and though it might be said that miracles accounted for the power of apostolic workers, such was not the case. Miracles only challenged attention, and never gave life. The fact that the truths lie Apostles taught were new and startling, hence exciting healthy antagonism, was said to account for its early success; but it was not opposition, but the power of the Holy Ghost that made the truth bite, and that power they had with them still. If the Holy Ghost still could touch the hearts of men and render feeble effort powerful for good, success in their work need not be propor- tioned to their weak inatrumentality, but to the power of the mighty Spirit. They therefore came to this result, that their work was not to be conducted with carelessness of results. If there were reality in eternity and eternal life they must seek results. They were to work depending upon the Holy Ghost, whose power was as much with them to-day as it had ever been with men, so would mighty results flow from their toil. (Applause,) The benediction having been pronounced the meeting closed. An auctioneer was selling a lot of land for agricultural purposes. ' Gentlemen.' said he, ' this is the most delightful land. It is the easiest land to cultivate in the country— it is so light, so very light. Mr. Parker here will corroborate my statement: he owns the next patch, and will tell you how easy it is worked.' ' Yes, gentlemen,' said Mr. Parker, 'it is very easy to work it, but it's a great deal easier to gather the crops.'— American Paper. . A straight line is the shortest in morals as well as in geometry. 