SCRAPS. CBtSS AITEB A -BTJEGLAE.—At the Centra] Criminal Court the other day Niblo Clark, 28, was charged with a burglary in the dwellinghouse of Henry Flaws, Brewer-street, Goldensquare. The circumstances of his capture are veiy rainarkable. Early in the morning of the 19th of June the prosecutor was disturbed by a noise in the back part of his premises, and oft trying to ascertain the cause, found the prisoner with a bundle of clothes, as if on the point of leaving the hou»e. He told him to drop the bundle, but the prisoner refused. The prosecutor, then said, " I'll have you"; and the prisoner replied, " No you won't," and instantly jumped through the skylight, as a harlequin would do at a pantomime. It was seated thit the prisoner was an acrobat and knew tbe trick. The policeman who took him into oustody first saw tbe prisoner running along Oxford-street. He ran after him, and a long and close chase ensued. From a closet, in which he had concealed himself for a moment, ; the prisoner leaped on to a wall some feet high, i crossed to or three cisterns, and jumped from l another wall, thin ran up a staircase, and leaped through a small window on to the roof. The constable (Waller, 151 C) followed, but could see { nothing of bim on the roof. At laBt he found the [ prisoner holding by a chimney-pot, and crouching so as to conceal himsel . As soon as the constable detected him he said, " f I'm blowed if I dont throw you over if you come after me any further." From the chimney stack he then swung himself p.cro»s an alley, five feet wid9 and forty feet deep, and leaped through an aperture into another house, j So did the cnn^able, who chased him down stairs along numerous corridors until the prisoner slipped down; and in the dark the officer seized ' an eld gentleman in mistake. In another moment lie rectified the error, and captured the "prisoner, who begged the constable to give him a good hiding imd let him go. The prisoner cautiously cross-examined the witnesses as to legal points necessary to establish a burglary, and addressed the jury at great length, citing, in a humorous way, casts to show how easy it was to suppose an innocent man guilty. He was, however, found " Guilty."— "Home NewB." DISTTJEBRSG THE SHAKERS."—At Westminster Police-court, a dav <C or two ago, John Huline was charged before Mr. Arnold with annoying a conaregati'm of Bible Christians, mesting in College-street, Chelsea. Mr, Haase, one of the managers of the chapel, said on Suiday afternoon the prisoner was in the chapel laughing ai?d stamping his feet-. He was asked to. desist, but would not. Defendant said he went to the chapel, and the people there were laughing at the " Shakers," who were dancing, falliDg about, and kissing each other, and conducting themselves in a most extraordinary way. He never stamped his feat. Mr. HaaBe said the dancing spoken of was the operation of the Spirit. When the people felt the influence of the Holy Ghost the result was what the defendant called dancing Mr.. William Finnity, who was called for th' defence, said there was dancing, men and women were hugging and kissing one another, and conducting themselves in a very indecent manner, and all the people in the building laughed. He put a qnestion to the preacher who was a female, and asked if she died who would take her position, and she replied that she had been dead seven years, He inquired whether King David danoed before the ark, and got no reply; and he asked her if the Spirit ever moved her to dance, and she answered that if he lived with her he would frequently find her get up and dance-in the middle of the night. He bad danced there as well as the others, and when they fell about, danced, and "cuddled" one another, everybody would laugb. Mr. Arnold remarked that, according to his own account, tbe defendant had laughed,-and whatever; be might have seen mirth-provoking,' he must not annoy the congregation while Divine i service was going on. He should require the ^defendant to find one sorely in £5 to keep the peace for three months. . ( Home News.") K 