NEW YEAR'S DAY SPORTS. BATHURST CRICKET GROUND. [BY OUR SPORTING CORRESPONDENT.] THE Bathurst Cricket Club must again be con- gratulated upon having provided a really excel- lent day's sport for the public on Monday last; Folks mustered in good force towards the even- ing, notwithstanding the oppressive heat, and seemed to enjoy themselves. Mr. Nichols, the purchaser of the Booth, appeared to be doing a roaring trade, and Mr. Carpenter's ices were more than welcome, and were no doubt the antidote to old Sol's "fiery impressions." The grand stand being free, was well filled with a goodly number of the fair sex, who, by the way, always patronise the Cricket Ground well, no doubt led thither by the enlivening strains of the '"best band in the colony,"— at least, so says the Commander of the Volunteer Forces. It was certainly rather warm to keep the music going, but Mr McCarthy's motto "Never say die" was as usual "stuck to." The different events were well contested, and the entries were numerous, the only drawback being the failure of the com- petitors to appear in proper costume. The Highland Fling produced some capital dancing, the prize being well won by Mr. A. Edye. But fancy the Fling without the Highlander's dress! The prizes were paid over at Mr. Nichols' Clarendon Hotel in the evening, and thus wound up one of the best day's sport ever hold in Bathurst ; and be it known, only one solitary individual gave way to the influence of Bacchus, — he being over elated at seeing a real Highland Fling in the wilds of Australia. One great draw- back to the successful carrying out of sport on the Cricket Ground is the want of a circular fence,— a want the club should set earnestly at work to remedy. First Race —The Maiden Plate— Prize, £1 1s. The following were the competitors entered ; for this event ; — J. S. Nixon, S. Battye, J. Nolan, T. Osborne, E. Ingersole, W. Dargin, and Jackson. The race was run in divisions. Battye came in an easy winner in the first divi- sion, and Jackson, after a smart race with Ingersole, landed himself first in the second. Battye and Jackson then ran off, and after a most ex- citing struggle, a dead heat was pronounced by the judges. Nothing daunted, the pair ran off, and after a capital spurt Battye was hailed the winner by about a yard. Second Race — Boys' Race, youths not exceeeding 12 years—Prize, 10s. Eight youngsters started for this event, and A. Carr, who has a good style of running, came in un easy winner. Later in the day a second prize was given, when Crawley, who was at scratch, ran "like a bird," and was rewarded for his pluck. Third Event.— Tossing the Caber— Prize, £1 1s. Eight strong men ventured to have a shy for this money, but it was evident that none but the Armstrongs had the ghost of a chance from the commencement ; and although the other com- petitors struggled gamely, it was no use denying the fact that the brothers had not their equal on the ground. W. Armstrong took the money "in a canter." Fourth Event. — Three-legged Race.— First Prize, £1 ; Second Prize, 5s. The following three-legged-uns put in an ap- pearance for this prize :— Ingersole and Carroll, Queeney and Rivett, Edye and Eather, Dale and Ryan, Nixon and Nolan, Rivett and Papworth. The men started in divisions, Queeney and Rivett taking first place in number one division, and Dale and Ryan in number two. In running off Dale and Ryan went at such a bat and secured the money, that your correspondent with two legs would require a decent handicap to compete with them. Fifth Event. — Throwing the Hammer.— Prize, £1. Nine men with brawny arms and undeniable muscle entered for this event, but H. Armstrong proved too much for his opponents, and won with "hands down." Sixth Event.— Highland. Fling.— Prize, £1 10s. This amusement seemed to be "the thing" of the day, and was really most amusing after a fair exhibition of the light fantastic between Messrs. A. Edye, M. Caples, A. Gauld, and Dennis. The former was pronounced the "Champion" by the Judges, who, by-the-way, were well selected, and whose decision gave every satisfaction. Seventh Event.— Running, Hop, Step, and Jump. — Prize, a Handsome Riding Whip. No less than eleven jumpers went for this prize, but M. Nolan outdid the others by superb performance, albeit, there was a difference of opinion as to the bona fides of the hop, step, and jump, R. Brennan, who is a plucky athlete, and always has a "go in" securing second place. Eighth Event. — Handicap Foot Race, 150 yards— Prize, £1. Fourteen good men and true had a fly for this money, and were handicapped as follows :— R. Brennan ............ Scratch Dale ....................... 2 yards Queeney ................ 4 ,, Ingersole ............... 6 „ Dargin ................... 6 ,, Ryan ...................... 6 ,, Twiss .................. 6 ,, Combo ................... 7 ,, Nixon ..................... 8 „ Nolan ..................... 9 ,, Brown .................... 9 ,, Lawrence ............... 9 ,, Evans ..................... 9 ,, Austin .................. 10 ,, The race was run in divisions. The first division ran an excellent race, Nolan securing first place, and Brennan, who ran like a race horse, and starting at scratch, coming in second. In the second division W. Dargin came in a somewhat easy winner. Dargin and Nolan shortly after- wards run off when Dargin, who gave his op- ponent three yards, came in a winner after a plucky struggle on the part of Nolan. Ninth Event. — Throwing the Cricket Ball — Prize, a Meerschaum Pipe. For this event there were six entrances, but G. Arthur was too much for the others, his best throw being roughly measured at 107 yards. As Amubixo Occr/RfeESCB. — Speaking of lh* doings in tlio Brisbane Parliament ono ovening, tho Brisbane Courier soys : — An accident lmppened about midnight which for a time creutod great confusion. Tho Opposition mem bers wuntad to get n 'count out,' bo thoy ouly left two or three momberB in tho House at a time, ono to tulk und the other to see that a quorum was always present. Tho members belonging to the other sido wunted to smoke or refresh very frequently , which the opposition ditiapprovod of. Tho consequence wa* thut dirrctly'the House dwindled down a little, tho Opposition mombcrs lefcto watch called atten tion to theetuto of tho House, — which was douo 011 tho average of every flvo minutes or so — whereupon tho £jergoant-at-Ariii» would be ordered to rinn tho bell, when a quorum would be formnd. Tho aergoanl'B vigour increasing, or tho boll wire not boing culouluulod to stand such nn ovcrlttBting pulling, it nt lust gave way, und the sergeant tugged at tho handle in vain. When !io found that tlio boll would not rim:, his con sternation w»a something terrible. The 8ponki-r said sternly, 'Sorgeant, ling the bell!' Tho Sergeant, 'with quivering lip, said, 'Sir, tho boll's broke!' and tho Speaker tried to look digniiiad, but miserably fuiled. Aftjr a tromen dous hubbub among tho messengers of tho Houia and others for Borne time, an hotel dinner bell was begged, borrowed, or etoleu from somewhere, and placed opposito tho library door. Fur tho rest of tho sitting, every timo 'attention was culled to the etato of Iho House,' tho sergeant would rush out in u frantic manner, seizo this \faell with both hands, and shake it us though the 'Vifety and welfare of tho colony deponded upon is wringing it loud enough. Ho socmed to -l[o with tho boll na though -it waa a ficrco '— ^-Juun ho was determined to tako tl — t-—- — ? .- '''*^a:*-*^:**f\Tfl.ijrfUrT.?flrlji/vfyefiwjAlJCTQ* 