THE COMING COMET. (from the Saturday licuieus) Nervous pooplc, as is credibly stated, havo been put to great anxiety by tho announcement, which recently " npponrcd m tho papers, that a distin guished astronomer had discovered a. .monstrous comob rushing straight towards us jtith amazing rapidity from tho remolo abysses of space, nnu .yet pursuing its courso with as liltlo tendency to deviation as though it woro running upon rails. Somo friendly plnnct my hy possibility put forth a .helping hand, and twist tho approaching monster from its courso, as tlio lioro_of_n.noTol-clivorts.the- runaway stood'just as It is about to crush tho heroine. Good-natured astronomers liavo taken pains to oxplain that thcro is no such comet coming j that, if it woro coming, it would bo a wolcomo visitor j nnd that- wo havo already passed through a comet, and found it loss obnoxious than a London fog. Tlio Qstronomora mean well, but they aro torribly prosaic people. Tlioy ought suroly to understand tlmt thoy ore robbing us of a livoly pleasure. Havo thoy not in thoir boyhood— for ovon astronomers havo bcon boys— snatched a fearful joy from tho ghosts and other supernatural clangors with which a childish imagination lores to people tho dim borders of its littlo world ? Would anybody willingly rivo up that delicious feeling of superstitious awo which was at onco tho charm ond torror of Iiib early years, and havo all phantoms suppressed till tho world should bo no moro haunted tlmn a rnilrond station ? Astro nomers havo already takon torriblo liberties with. lho comet of our ohilahood. Tlio huge fiery monster plunging through tho sky with a neath-ucaHng tall has beon wcighod and muasurod, and bad, as it wore, a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till Ids improssiro- ncss lias dopnrtcd from him. Wo know the legend of Guvior's descent into tlio infornal regions, and of his declaration that tho horns and hoofs which torrifiod our infancy wcro unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nuturo. Even so tho comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies havo bccomo as ompty of horrors as Hydo Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind onough last autumn to rovivc somo of our anoiont alarms, and to assure us that, somo timo or other, tho world would bo smashed to atoms, liko a bursting shell, by a fate as inoxorablo as that which -will bring about n collision at a metropolitan junction. . Of course, lus follow-philosophcrs round fault with somo of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Lot us, howcroi', for a brief poriod " dnlly with false surmise," and endeavour to return to the simplo faith of a child. Let us imagino tlmt (ho astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and tlmt the prophoey is correct. Within a fow wcoka _we shall bo nblc, without the' help of telescopes, to soo the littlo cloud, no bigger tfinn a man's hand, nml- fraught with onions moro dreadful than havo evor boforo affrighted tho human raco." It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of incrcaso "almost porcoptibio' to"b'urnaked vision, tiira Float tho wholo sky will bo lit up with tho fiery portent. Night by night wo shall watch its torriblo growth, ana before long it will bo brilliantcnough tooulshino- tho sun itself. Tho tcmporatnro will riso to bo first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is oiulnrcd in the hottest room of a Turkish batli But tho tune during wiiich we shall be conscious of excessive heat will bo brief indcod. Tho two largo bodies, plunging toward eacn other at a pace com pared with wiiich tho Bpecd of a- cannon-ball is absoluto rest, will rrash into each other, with a hideous collision. If wq happen to bo placed between two such antagonists, wo shall not havo timo ovon for nn ejnculation. Tho petty raco of insects that crawls amongst tho liltlo oxcrcsconcos on tho earth's skin will bo instantaneously dismis9cdfroiu_ r.existoncc— On-thc-other sido of tho'world wo-aballr porhaps, havo just ono flash of sensation. Wo shall, "scTthbimounliiifis, without' diiy metaphor, skipping liko rams, and bo ourselves sent spinning into spaco just as tho dust— to indulgo in a humblo similo — is kiioekod offtlio under sido ofa carpqt by lho blows upen its uppor surfneo. .For nn instant wo shall havo n glimpse of tho brokon fragments of tho earth storting olT,'cach on its now career, to whirl through tho universe, each bearing with it — so wc shall romombor on tho faith of a President of tlio British Association— somo minute gorros to bo planted, if thoy havo good luok, on somo distant planet, and there to bogin ovor again that ondless procoss of ovoiulion which will havo como to so summary a conclusion hero. Or, if wo ploaso, wo may contom- plalo anollior alternative, and suppose tlmt wo just miss the nucleus of tho comot, but oro wrapped in his fiery tail, wiiich will turn oceans into steam, dissipate tho internal ico of tho poles, ond siugo the world into tho likeness of nn Amorican prairie after a fire. Nothing will bo left but a vast surfaco of groy ashes, gradually lo bo converted into mud as tho waters again condotiso and descend upon tho depopulated plnnet. Alas! wo cannot clRim tlio cloquonoo which would btThbcessnrv to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under tho superinten dence or Dr. Gumming, might, possibly, bo equal to lho task of describing tho complete nnd inetnntancous ruin of a world; but naturo is not prodigal; sho only givos one suoh mind at a tiiuo. "\Vo havo ventured to suggest tho baro outhnos ofa purely imaginary pictnro which our rcadors must fill up for thomsolvcs. It is rather curious to inquire what would bo tho state of our minds if such a catas trophe could rcnlly bo predicted on eoiontiflo grounds, ami woworo really to bolioro tho mon of scionco. ,It is nocossary to notico this last condition, for it is highly probahlo that wo should rcsotutoly decline to boliovo anything so unpleasant. Thoro aro liuhtsto ono's faith ovon in mnUiomalics, and wo should insist upon our prophols jirophesying smooth things, oven if thoy had to twist a fow laws ofiiaturo for tlio purposo. But lot us iiuagino that this difficulty is surmoimtod. If wo wero nil really convinced that nt 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on tho noxt 12th of August, tlio wholo human rneo nnd its dwolling-placo would bo summarily knockod to atoms, wlmt would bo tho ofibct on our miudsP Tho most iiaturalsup- position is, perhaps, that tho wholo courso of affairs WQUldJiCLthroiYJLOUt-of-gcur.-aiuLUiat-wo-should-bo- "reduccd to tho. statu ofa oily demoralised by aploguo. Persons of strong religious feeling would oitlior gfL iiirt'bHfomsntforuia-c»vmirlto"aWnWutlitt' consciences of t ho sinners around thorn ; whilst the sinnors would become utterly rookloss, nnd would romombcr tlmt thorb was no uso in keeping a collar of wino to bo consumed by a comet. Somo suoli tomlonoy would, of courso, be nmuifest; but tho question remains, how fur it would bo overpowered by tlio opposite toudonoy to bo carried on by simple vie inertia in our old grooves. Aftor q littlo tiiuo ono would bccomo more or less aocustomod to the prospect. One would fool that It was not worth while to umlor- tako anything now, neither was it worth while to givo up tho old employments wliioli havo bocomo nooossory purls of our oxistonco. Thoro are nnmmorablo stories, suoh ns that of lho man who insisted on taking hia nccusloinod pill nn hour boforo ho was hnngod; and, i fwo wore nil umlor Bontonce.qL' ution ns , . "Imlcobr Borinons oro apt to remind us that wo aro, ovon without tlio inlfrvention of a cqmoM 10, periiaps, reasonable to suppose thut wo should not in tho samo spirit:' Tho groat bulk of muiikmd would say, " It's all vory woll ; - wo 'shall not want anything moro aftor tho 12th of August; but tlmt is no roason why wo should not huvo our regular uicals nnd onjoy our nowspapcrs at bvcakfust." 