BEECHWORTH INDEPENDENT CHURCH. RECOGNITION OF THE EEY. T. LAYER. On Tuesday evening last, after a very pleasant and successful tea meeting in the schoolroom, a public meeting was held in the Independent Church, Camp- street. Beechworth. with the obiect of formally and publicly recognising the Rev. T. Laver as pastor of the church, Mr James. Cunningham occupied the chair, and after a hymn had been sung, and a prayer offered by Mr Morton, he delivered the following address : — Dear Friends, — -I must confess that in occupying this, to me, novel position, my feelings are of a peculiar character, in which varied emotions are strongly . blended, pleasure that I should have been selected to fill such a prominent position, and fear lest I should not be able to fill it acceptably, and so disappoint your expectations. However, I will do the best I can. As it is customaiy t>n such occasions as. this to give a brief sketch of the history of the church, I shall endeavour to do so as briefly as possible. The advent of a new pastor marks an epoch in a church s history, and it is well at such a time, to pause, and look back wards, as well as forwards, just as a traveller, on a long and weary journey, having reached some eminence from which he has a view of the way along which he came, with all its difficulties dwarfed, into insignificance by reason of their distance, and their having been over come ; and looking forward on the road he has still to pass over ere he reaches his destination, he sees neither the diffi culties nor the encouragements which there will he found ; so we, looking hopefully on what is before us in the future, will try to recount a few of the incidents of the past. As a church, we have been in existence fourteen years. During that period we have had three pastors — viz., the Rev. T. H. Jackson, the Rev. W. L. Rees, and the Rev. M. W. Bradney. Of these, the first, and also the founder of the church, occu pied the pulpit for four years. He has since been removed from the service of the church on earth ; and the memorial tablet which graces these walls tells of the respect in which his memory is held. The second occupied it for two years. He has since retired from the ministry, and left the colony. The third, who has just left us, and memo ries of whose kindly counsels and faithful ministry are yet green and fresh, abode with us for seven years. During these 14 years we were not idle, and the visible manifestations of our work are still with us and around us. Without aid from the State, (and that this aid is now withdrawn from the churches, I rejoice), without one farthing of State aid, we bought land, and paid for it ; we erected first a schoolroom, next a house for our minister, and last, but not least, this beautiful and com modious building in which we are now assembled. Would that not only this, but every building used as a temple for the worship of the great and mighty God, were more beautiful, more costly, and so more worthy as an offering to our great and glorious Redeemer ; and, in fact, it is indeed a small matter thus to offer of our substance to Him, from whom we have received everthing — " Freely ye have received, freely give." But amidst all our giving let us re member the words of Samuel, when i addressing Saul, " Behold, to obey 1 is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams." Let us first do this hearken and obey, and then we would not only give ourselves to the Lord, but all our substance would be consecrated, and instead of churches always being behind with their funds necessary to carry on the work, there would be enough and to spare ; and, like Moses and Aaron with the church in the wilderness, those who have the manage ment would have to say, " Hold, it is enough." Of other evidences of our work, and the power of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ, these have not been wanting, and we have in our midst those who, from the training of the Sabbath school, have united themselves with the church, and are now teachers where they once were scholars, and one at least now occupying the highest posi tion which laymen can occupy in our churches ; while others have departed, fallen asleep in Jesus in the sure and certain hope of a glorious awakening to immortality and eternal life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. But lest I weary you, I will pass on now to the business of the evening, namely, the recognition of the Rov. Thos. Laver as the pastor of this church of the Independent order in Beechworth, and in so doing and intro ducing him to you, I desire that you should recognise in him not only our pastor, but a servant of the Most High, an ambassador for Christ, bearing an embassage from the King of heaven to loose wuu uwen uu tuo earui ; as au expounder of the law of the Lord, as one whose earnest desire and endeavor is, and shall be, to point man from earth to heaven, to win souls for Christ, and to rescue perishing souls from eternal death, and lead them to life everlasting. And now, in the name of the church and congregation, and in the name of this assembly, I welcome Mr Laver to Beechworth. I welcome him as a friend and brother in Christ ; I welcome him as a minister of the everlasting gospel ; I welcome him as a workman who needeth not to be ashamed, and I pray God that his labors here may be abundantly blessed, and that his guerdon may be at the last great day a crown glittering with many jewels. Permit me, then, my dear brother, to extend to you the right hand of fraternal regard, and in the name of this people to welcome you as pastor of the Independent Church in Beechworth. After another hymn, The Rev T. LAYER said he believed that the warm welcome he had received from the church and congregation was a genuine and real one, and he believed s.Q .< tiie more from the reference which had been made to former pastors of the church. It was evident to him that the church and congregation were disposed to co-operate with heartiness and cordiality with their minister, and this conviction was very grateful to his feelings, and he took it as an earnest of the future. He would do his utmost to retain the kind ness and love of those with whom he was more especially connected. He would not plagiarise, but would adopt an old simile. They that night arrived, as it were, at the top of a hill, or the brow of a mountain, and were about to descend to explore a new country. He would have to deal with new minds and new hearts, and it would be his high and holy duty to endeavor to improve them, and lift them heaven- ward. Yet he could scarcely refrain from giving one glance back to the path by which he had come. It was now nearly seven years since he had started for these shores. Almost immediately he had met a dear old friend, since gone to his joy, who had then and there engaged his services for fourteon Sabbaths. Thence he went to the church at Hawthorn, which was his maiden love, but where he found only the debris of a former church, the worship being conducted in a hybrid schoolroom, of brick and wood. He was happy to say they had now a church nearly as handsome as that in which he was now speaking, and also a bluestone school- luum. xie nau spent six years ana a half in the ministry at Hawthorn, during which time manifestations of the pre sence of the Lord were not wanting; but at length it had seemed to him wise to leave. He had then been requested to visit Beechworth, and the result of his visit was that meeting, held to ratify the union between himself and the church. Mr Laver then at some length spoke of the power of the pulpit, and the various ways in which it was regarded. A great many people placed the pulpit too high in their estimation, and looked on the sermon as being the sum and substance of their attendance at God's house. = He quoted some remarks on this subject from the Rev Canon Dale, who had stated that he felt it a growing duty to represent to his people that they should attend the house of God, and contribute their quota of worship, without respect to the quality of preaching. The preacher, as a rule, was far more conscious of his "own shortcomings in preaching God's Gospel than any one else could be, and hearers should be more considerate, and instead of grumbling at him, go away to pray for him. The speaker then referred to the existing Bible class, and warmly invited not only members of his own con- grcgutiuiij uiiu buose 01 otuGis who Hfiu. no service on the nights of meeting to join that class. He hoped it would be their great aim, as it would be his, to make their church the religious home of all the congregation. If he could help them to learn to " agree to 'differ," they would have made no slight advance in mental, moral, and spiritual character. He would seek to be the friend "of all, and although sometimes it might be his painful task to reprove some, it would be in love, and out of faithfulness to their souls. Religion, to be healthy, must be aggressive ; they must not only work in their own immediate neighborhood, but help forward the spread of Gospel truth through the wide world. After some further remarks, and an eloquent pero ration, the rev. gentleman sat down amid much applause. Mr T. U. SCRUTTON, in the name of the ladies of the congregation, in some brief but appropriate words welcomed Mrs Laver to Beechworth, describing his position as enviable, and expressing cor dial good wishes towards their new pastor's wife. The Rev. T. LAYER suitably re sponded, returning cordial - thanks on behalf of Mrs Laver. The CHAIRMAN having mildly sug gested that as the evening was advancing, it would be well that the speeches should not be too lengthy, called on The Rev. GEORGE GRAHAM, Pres byterian, who said that he felt himself in rather a novel position as he (a Presby terian minister), had been requested to tender to the congregation and its new minister a few words of counsel. He trusted that what he might say would be received in the same spirit in which it was given. He must congratulate them on the unity of spirit they had shown in carrying out the great scripture principle of popular election in choosing their minister. The unanimity of their choice was a proof of the wisdom of the Divine appointment On higher grounds too, he might use the language of congratulation. A gift of no mean importance had been granted to them. Their late minister had been honored by the whole com munity. Their eyes beheld their teacher, and their hearts were gladdened, and now for himself, and for his church he did most heartily and cordially congratulate them on their settlement ; yet he rejoiced with trembling. "Where much was given much would be required. Their minister had come to them to teach the truth as it was m Jesus. He exhorted them to give themselves to prayer for themselves and for their minister. In eloquent terms the speaker enlarged on this topic, remarking that they did not know why prayer was answered ; but they did know that it was effectual. He gave the same counsel to their pastor, that he should be a man of prayer, devoting himself to prayer and to the ministry of the word. He further urged on the congregation that they should be regular in their at tendance on their pastor's public minis trations, and fully endorsed his remarks on that subject. They should also re ceive his more private ministrations with affectionate respect. They must not always expect him to be sauntering about their homes. His great office was preach ing the truth as it is in Jesus, and they must remember what honor Christ Him self had assigned to that work. Then further, they should study the temporal comfort of their minister. The laborer was worthy of his hire, and those who preached the gospel, should live by the gospel. He was glad that they would not receive State aid, but they must not i forget as they had freely received freely to give. He had endeavored to point out their duty to their minister, or rather to indicate the secret spring of; all duteous feeling. They should esteem him very I highly in love for his work's sake. He j trusted that the connection then cele- 1 brated would be a very happy and pros- 1 perous one, and that their minister might I be long spared to go in and out among I them breaking to them the. Bread of Life. The Rev. G. Graham having engaged I in prayer, I Mr MORTON next addressed the J meeting as follows : — It is said that there is no rule without exceptions. As a I rule, it is neither safe nor agreeable to be I reminqeu oi me distinction Between meum and taum, but I wish on the pre sent occasion to be oblivious to this dis tinction ; and I hope no one will be troubled in thought about any of those necessary appendages to mundane com fort — umbrella or hat—as I have no I designs towards these. The exception I wish to make to the above good rule has j exclusive reference to our distinctive j theological opinions or religions'fdifler- I ences of belief on disputed subjects. 1 1 desire to ignore even orthodoxy, a$ least in the sense I have heard it defined when two neighbors of different religious I persuasions were disputing, and the one asked the other what was orthodoxy, and what was heterodoxv ? The answer was given — " Orthodoxy is my doxy, and the other is your doxy." I wish to abjure both " doxies" to-night. All will allow that it is the privilege of true Christians in some degree to anticipate, in desire and spirit, the " better hope" to which the Apostle Paul refers when writing to the Thessalonians. He informs them, as believers in Christ, .of "Our gathering together unto Him." 'We thus know that it is in the counsels of God that the present separations among His people, arising out of divine causes, will not endure for ever. It is the divine purpose that we should;, lkve such a glorious prospect before us",' and it must be pleasing - to 'Him , that we should endeavor to enter beforehand Into the j spirit of this reunion of the ' whole " household of faith." We know, how ever, that this gathering together of the household, canuot take place while the householder" — the master of. the house — is absent. Our Saviour commended the proleptic spirit of " the father of the faithful." When speaking to his descendants, he said, "Our father Abraham rejoiced to see my day; and he saw it, and was glad." That pre conception or precognition that Abraham" possessed helped him to that eminence he occupies in the inspired record as " the friend of God." Let us seek to become " the children of Abraham" by endeavoring to realise beforehand the openness of that spirit that will sway that general assembly when gathered together. This phrase, " Our gathering together unto Him," suggests the pre vious dispersion , and separation of that church whose " names are written in heaven." , If we ask what are 'the. causes or reasons for this dispersion or sepa ration, we may look for one cause to the purpose of God. His children are to be " the salt of the earth." If we look at Christendom, we do not find that it is composed of Christians. The most part " walk by faith, and not by sight." Many " have the form of godliness, but deny the power thereof." God intends His children to be the preserving element. The revelation of. Deity to our race though one, has been given in different ages and dispensations, and in different fragments or portions, e.g., the Patri archal, Mosaical, .the Johannic or inter medial, then the Pentecostial or Christian to be followed by the millenial. It is probable that most of those who lived under the preceding dispensations, ; were somewhat like those, living now under the present dispensation in the belief that one then . present was perfect or final ; but not so, each one gets but a erlimnse of a nartiallv developed scheme of Divine Providence. Another cause of the separations and scatterings of true Christians is to be found in their im perfections and limited powers. It is humbling to human pride, and mortify ing to our supposed Christian attain ments that in differing in opinion as to what our Lord's will really is on some matters it is our very love of the truth — as we conceive — that leads us to such differences. If separations between true Christians arise from their very loyalty to their Saviour, this consideration ought to beget within them anything but a Judaico-Samaritan temper and disposi tion. We ought to he admonished to cultivate a forbearing spirit with Gospel charity and Christian love, remembering the words of the Apostle, "Ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus." It is implied in this that none others are the children of God.; \ Those whose "names are written in heaven" are those who have been born again by the Spirit throughout the whole world in all ages and dispensations, and in all churches and denominations, these names are not to be found written m any church roll on earth ; the only register which contains them is scanned alone by the omniscient eye. It is this spiritual community of quickened — regenerated — persons that .constitute " the body of Christ." Some seem to suppose that this mystical body of Christ must needs be both visible now on earth as well as that which is invisible now in heaven ; just as a novel quasi-philosophical idea has been lately propounded in a neigh boring local print, that we have really two bodies — a visible and an invisible. To support this speculation the language of Paul to thn Corinthians has been adduced; where he speaks of a source psychiken and a source pneumatiken — " a natural body and a spiritual body" -—but the writer seems to forget that Paul is there speaking not of what exists at present, but of what shall be in the future. The inspired apostle is making known to believers in Christ what shall be the character of that complex material and immaterial, that spiritual and in corruptible, organization which almighty power will supply them with at their resogwtiott from the dead, when Christ shall fashion their bodies of humiliation I to be like the body of his glory. Now, as Christ has but one real tangible body, which Thomas handled, and which is now in heaven ; so he has but one true mystical body, the members of which are now divided and scattered, but -will in due time be gathered together unto him, and then will our oneness and visibility be demonstrated. " The earnest expectation of the creation waiteth for the manifestations of the sons of God." In this spirit of oneness in Him, I con gratulate you as church and pastor. One family we dwell in him, One church above, 'beneath, Though now divided by the stream, The narrow stream of death. One army of the living God, : To His command we bow, Part of the host have crossed the flood, And part are crossing now. 0, Jesus, be our constant guide, | Then when the word is given, Bid yon aerial screen draw wide, That we may meet in heaven. Mr THORPE then delivered an ad dress on " The pulpit in relation to the special difficulties 6f the age, in the way of the progress of the Gospel." After a few preliminary remarks on what had fallen from previous speakers, and es pecially on the subject of " agreeing to differ," he said : — We believe that at the present day there are fewer difficulties j man ever mere were m me way or me I Gospel. The great difficulty which has I existed from the beginning remains in J full force still, in this favored 19th cen tury, and we believe will continue to exist so long as men continue to be born, whatever progress may be made in social science. ' It is nothing less than that I mysterious bias to evil in the human I heart, of which all must be conscious I who are true to themselves. Yes, the old Adam of the heart will often prove j himself too strong for the young Me- I lancthon of the pulpit, whom we are as sembled to welcome and to honor. But laying this consideration aside, we must admit that we look hopefully upon the prospects of the Christian church. Pro bably- never were there so many Chris tians in the world .as now; certainly never were there such' vast organizations for the relief of man's estate; both physical and spiritual ; never was there such a flood of pure, instructive, and elevating truth poured forth by the teeming press ; and never was there such a noble and devoted band of men as now occupy the pulpits of Christendom. True it is a melancholy fact that while Christians multiply — the ungodly mul tiply too — and the day may seem far j- L l i ' L uisluul wneu one great majority oi any nation shall fear the Lord — still should such revivals be often repeated as were experienced but a few years ago in Ireland and America — the Prince of Darkness would soon cower beneath the majestic presence of the Prince of Light — and though, mad with rage, he should still contest every inch of his ancient empire — he would evidently play a losing game. Though sneered at bv the pro line, and even sometimes eyed askance by the pious, because of extravagances induced by preachers with more fire than light, more zeal than knowledge, and having, in the language of phrenologists, hope large, and caution small, we could wish no better thing for the Aus tralian world than that a great religious moveinent might startle it from its pro priety, for in no other way can we ex pect the regeneration of our social system. I We would' now advert to one or two special hindrances to successful preach ing. And first, we notice the rapidity with which we live. Now, according to Shakespeare, time travels at divers paces with divers persons, yet still, while all do I not travel with uniform velocity, yet the age is undoubtedly a fast moving one. I am not at 'all sure that like the hero in Excelsior we are moving upwards all the time, or whether like the prisoner in the treadmill, ' we are merely going round and round ; all motion but noprogress ; A- L -1-1 1 «11 CeiXHlu It IS iiuwevei iiuuu wc oic an un the move. As one said to another who observed ' how rapid is the march of in tellect in our day !' 'Yes,' was the re ply ' it has been so rapid lately that it has marched entirely out of sight 1' This is the age of feverish hurry, not of cool deliberation, of action not .of con templation, of excitement rather than of enjoyment. Important events occur so often that they lose their impres- siveness. Our memories actually groan and sweat under the ponderous heap of facts which day by day is shot upon them by the Argus-eyed and om nivorous newspaper press. Till, in the language of Longfellow : — Till, at length, the burden seems Greater than our strength can bear; Heavy as the weight of dreams, Pressing on us everywhere. And we stand, from day to day Like the dwarfs of days gone by Who, as Northern legends say On their shoulders held the sky. The demon of fire has no sooner satiated himself with the beauteous domes of Santiago, than the demon of water drags to his den the argosy of the "London " steamship. The demon of war marches ruthlessly over the fair fields of France, and ere the blood of Gaul and Teuton has ceased to mingle and grow cold toge ther, there arises — A war of horrid parricide, And brother killing brother, Just like to dogs, and sons of dogs, That worry one another. And soon again the demon oi famine spreads his wings on the blast, and Persia's starving peasantry fall on their barren fields and fertilise them with their bones. . Thus one. event treads npon the heels of another, and obliterates the im pression made upon the waxen tablets of the , memory, if not upon the sands of time. Now we consider that this crowding of events npon the mind in response to the demand we make for the latest news, the craving for the sensational, so abun dantly supplied by our literary caterers, indisposed and incapacitated us for what is sober, sensitive and devout, and ren dered us'unfittq be acted on by tire Gospel of the Son of God. We are noisy when we. sho.nlde frushed, and cold when we should be fervent; we criticise rather than believe, and argue rather than obey. We repeat, then, that one of the special difficulties with which the pulpit has now to grapple is the restless and disquieted : condition of the human mind, which craves by turns for opiates and stimulants, and loathes the pure milk and the strong j meat of Bible truth. Closely connected I with the preceding, is the materialistic i tendency of the age. There is a great disposition to regard thought as only a very subtle form of matter, in other words, to resolve body and soul into "one stuff!" This degrading doctrine has been well brought out in the epitaph written for one of its chief supporters, the celebrated Dr Priestley.:— ; Here lie at rest, in oaken chest, Together done up neatly; The bones and brains, flesh, blood and vein's; And soul, of Dr. Priestley. ! We regard the present prevalence of Spiritualism as not more ' creditable to the human mind" than the opposite error just referred to. When Coleridge was asked if he believed in ghosts, "No," was his reply, " I have seen too many of them to believe in them." And so i we are disposed to say to these new ! claimants for our faith — Your spirits are too numerous ; their visits are too com mon ; their freaks are as eccentric as parched peas in a frying pan ; and their conversation is too dull and insipid alto gether.. You are over-doing the thing : you are so vulgarising the truth of another life, that a sensible man is only too glad to escape into the solemn twilight of faith. But waiving any fur ther notice of this, the greatest delusion of modern times, let me refer to the hard, business-like, matter-of-fact tendencies of the age. Poetry is voted slow, and the man who should carry Ruskin into some sequestered spot, and be discovered read ing his prose poems on the sky and clouds, would be pitied as a harmless lunatic. We are profoundly convinced that we need to cultivate far more than we do the romantic side of life. The tendency no w is far too much on the side of calculation — of selfishness, base and sordid. If so, then it is .incumbent upon the teachers of religion to cultivate in themselves and iu their hearers a love of the beautiful, not only in human life, but in art and external nature. Then, per haps, instead of spending their leisure in seusnal pleasures, or wasting it in listless vacancy — instead of dozing over the newspaper, or talking loud nothings in the public-house— our lords of the crea tion, with their immature fledglings, might be induced, in the perusalaof some work of genius, to read down hours to moments; and. when at length they sought refreshment in sleep — The night would be filled with music, Anfcthe cares that infest the day, Would fold their tents like the Arabs, And as silently steal away ! The Rev Mr Miles, Independent minister at El Dorado, was down on the programme for an address on "Individual Effort, a Necessity of Healthy Spiritual Life," but in consequence of the. lateness of the hour, he refrained from delivering his speech, contenting himself with warmly congratulating Mr Laver on the event of the evening. An apology was made for the Rev J. Waterhouse, who was absent, and after a vote of thanks to the chairman, a very pleasant evening's proceedings were brought to a close. 