' A. WHISPER TO GENTLE »l UN. . Jupiter Aumom ! Don't I wish I was a man ! just to show the masculines how to play their part in the world a little better ! In. the first place there ain't u mother's son nf you that has got as far as A 13 C in tbo art of mxking love (and I've tei-n a few abortions in that way myself, as wrll as the rest of the sisters). What woman wants to be told that ' her feet and eyes are pretty,', or ' her for.m nnd smile be witching V Just as if she didn't know all her fine points as soon as she is tall enough to peep into a looking-plnss. No, you ineffable donkey, if you must uso the small coin of flattery to j-»y toll at the bridge of hor nffections, let mo whisper a secret in your long o .rs. .. Compliment her upon some mental attraction she does not possess (if you can find one!) and don't wear 'the knees of your pot pants thread-bare at her feet, trying to mike her believe she is you: ' first love.' We all know that is among the things that were, after you are out of jackets and trousers. What aspleudilcreus huBbanri I (Funny) should make, to be sure, had Providence so ordained it ! ' Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious boys wanted n sixpence to buy their s.hoe_.stiings, I'd 'scowl at her like a hyaena, and pull my pnrtmonnuic out of my pocket as if I tveie drawing :i tooth ? Do you suppose, vihon her blue eyes grew lustreless, and the rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the rio mOHiic tread-mill day after day, ihat I'd come home at ni'ht sulky and siloot, and mnoke my cigar in her face till her eyes were as red ns rabbits' ? or take mvself off to a club or a game at nine- pine, or any other game, and leave her to the exhila rating relaxation --f darning tny stock iiigs? Do you supposo that I'd trot aloo^ l-ke a loose pony at her side, in the airt-ei, nnd leave her to keep up with me or not as her Ktrutigth would permit? Do y\ u. suppose I'd fly into a pnssiou mid utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offer ing her a healing plaster in the shapa of n new bonnet ? Ami rfou't you suppose, wlien the anniveisary of our wedding- day came round, I'd ivrito a dainty little note, nnd leuve it on her toilet-table, to let bur know I was still n married lover! Pshaw ! I am sick of you all ! You don't deserve the love of a geneious, high souled woman. If you want a house keeper, hire one, and be dine with it. If you want a wife ? but you don't. One woman will answer just at well as another to sew your buttons, and straps, and strings, and make your puddings, aud — so on and so forth. Do you suppose no have cultivated our minds and improved tli'j bright and glo rious gift of iutellect to the best of our capacity, to minister only to your physical wants ? Not a bit of it ! When that's over wo want something iivlional. Do you ever think of that, you selfibh wretch, when you stretch ynur legs right across the fire plaop, reading the newspaper all to your self? or sit from tea-time till 10 o'clock, staring tbo ashes of the grate out of coun tenance ? 11 y Harry ! if I ljnd such a htoefc of a husband, I'd scare up the ghost, of a lover somewhere, if there's any wit in woman ! Fanny Feiin. A Printer's Will — The will of Alderman Sir Joseph C.iuston, Kt., of E-iSteheap, firm of Josi-ph Cuustou nnd Sons, printers and engravers, was pr- ved in London on August 19. under £70,000 personalty, by Lidy Causton, tlie relict. Sir Joseph died on May 27ih last at his tesideDce, Cbumpion Hill, ^Giiintierwcll, in his 58 h year The testator h s left to each cf. his oxecutors a legacy 'of £100. Ho Jeavep do his wife un immediate legacy of £500, mid nn annuity of £2000 ; and leaves on annuity of j£250 to e eh of his daugh cis « hen matried. His four sons are to receive the annual income arising from his estates during the widowhood of L»dy Cuustou, and upon her decease the s«mo will be come vested in in the testator's sons and daughters. — City Press: UOLHOWAY's ? OrNTMFNT AND PlLLS cannot be too highly 'c«-raended for tho favourable influence they exercise over the skin. In all eruptions, ii.fi immmions, and ulcer'atiotis the detergent qua'ities of this unguent ronder it so efficacious in first cleansing and purifying the (lisensed port, then inducing renewed and healthy aotinn, as to ultimately leave the surface in the highest health. Holloway's Ointment works ths most wonderfully benofioiul results in bad legs, chronic sores, &c; , by improving and quickening the sluggish and imperfect circulation, removing all conupt matter and increasing the dis position to hedl. Hnlloway's Ointment throws no deleterious drawback on the function of the skin ; it manifestly augments its evaporation- and pornpiraiion, whereby .softness, and* pliability supplant its previously harsh and dry slate. 