SPIRITUALISM PUBLICLY DIS- CUSED. Mr. David Blair and Mr. Tyerman resumed the public discussion of spiritualism last night. They did not meet at the supper-room of the Town-hall but at the Independent-hall, Russell-street. Two vehicles drawn up to the kerbstone by a quarter to 8 o'clock, several persons scattered about on the pavement, and one man on the steps, showed that the excitement which these disputations had aroused was still high, and prepared one for the animating spectacle within of 400 or 500 persons, comfortably seated, and some of them signifying in the way they do at theatres and other places of secular amusement, that it was time to begin. Punctually at a quarter of a minute past 8 o'clock Mr. Call, P. M., came forth from one of the back rooms, followed by Mr, Tyerman and Mr. Blair, the former of whom, of course, bore the mystic carpet bag. The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Call) explained that the mayor had been prevented by a late sitting of tho City Council from attending there to preside. Mr. TYEHMAN opened the discussion. Per- sons bad complained that, on the last occa- sion, little had been said about spiritualism. Tho fault was with Mr. Blair, who undertook to attack spiritualism. All that he (Mr. Tyerman) undertook was to defend it from the attack ; but Mr, Blair merely attacked a monstrosity conjured up_ from the gloomy depths of his own brain. This was Mr. Tyorman's first bit, but while the audience was generously applauding him, he was getting a mannscript speech into position. The central doctrine of spiritualism was that the spirits of the departed, under certain conditions, held communion with those still in the flesh. They were agreed as to the possibility of it; bat Mr. Tyerman had four grounds for the pro- bability, and a large variety of grounds for the actuality of it. The channol of commu- nication botween the two worlds was not closed up with the last chapter of the New Testament. The phenomenal part of spiritualism was divided into 13 heads, and under No. 1 came the moving of ponder- able bodies, which Mr. Tyerman had an un- pleasant fashion of pronouncing as panderable bodies. Healing of the sick was No. 2, and so on, through prevision or foretelling, beautiful drawings, "last but not least," photographs of spirits which had been taken and recog- nised in hundreds of instances. We hasten to inform tbe impatient reader that although Mr. Tyerman said a great deal under each head, there were no photographsfor the carious among the impartial 500 listeners to look at when the argument grew tedious, or at any other time. The evidence for the reality of the phenomena was presumptive and direct, and Mr, Tyerman proceeded at once to divide them into heads. One of the presump- tions was the appearance of spiritual manifes- tations in all parts of the world ; another, the appearance of them among all sorts of people. Tlio grounds for bo'ieving persons who testided to the phenomena could not be got into less than five heads. Thon thero was a string of witnesses-Horace Greeley, candidato for the presidency of the United States, the late Dr. Campbell, Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, the Rev. Dr. Phelps (who said in a sermon that the same amount of testimony that was given in favour of the phenomena would be sufficient to convict a murderer in any court in Christendom outside of New York), Profes- sor de Morgan (who considered the physical ex- planation he had heard miserably insufficient), the late Dr. Elliotson, Robert Bell, Sergeant Cox, and others. Mr. Bell was the author of the article in the Cornhill, " Stranger than Fiction," which gave the particulars of a séance where Robert Chambers was gratified with the two airs that his father loved. "Yo banks" was the Scotch air, but the "Last Rose of Summer" was his favourite " English" air. Why were not phenomena exhibited here similar to the phenomena the 30 witnesses he quoted bore testimony to ? Because the movement was comparatively new here. But Mr. Donovan, of Sandhurst, had just written to bim of an occurrence there, where, in a circle of persons, the arm of a lady medium of 30 years began to wave about and shake until a white cloud was seen for a momont or two. Several saw what appeared to bo a vory beautiful spiritual arm, and all saw what proved to be a halfcrown piece fall from the cloud into the hands of the medium. Unfortunately, just as Mr. Tyorman had drawn the requisite inferences from this state- ment, his half-hour was up, and the wishes of sevoral persons that the same sort of thing might be tried on amongst them were not gratified. Mr. BLAIH was twice cheered when he roso, but the second and louder cheor was for the able manner in which he took something for the purpose of making sure that ho should be heard clearly at starting. He had fallen into a trap on the first occasion. The audience pricked up its ears, and Mr. Blair explained in a few words. In fewer words, he had made the mistake of supposing that everybody had read tho several lectures ho had delivered on the subject up country, and so had con- densed his remarks a little. But he should endeavour to make up for it. First of all, he should clear the ground by disposing of two or throe things said by Mr. Tyorman when ho wound up tho debate last rime. A press f riond whom he met in the street had said to him, " Keep off, old fellow ; you have got the small-pox." Perhaps whon Mr. Blair pro- ceeded to clear the ground ia this way, tiiere wero persons who first scanned him anxiously, and then wished thoy had not taken seats so far forward. It was rather startling, until Mr. Blair made it ovi dent that the assertion about the small- pox was founded upon the fact that ho had written an article about, small- pox. Then, with great dexterity, he showed that Mr. Tyerman had accused him of being on the high road to spiritualism on the mare fact that he had written an article about "Necromancy in the 19th Century," one of those scribbling articles which scribbling men write overy day of their lives. (Cheers and laugh tor.) For a few minutes Mr. Blair was painfully scientific in the definition of tho word "natural"-Mr. Tyorman had taken exception to it-and Bacon, Newton, Herschel, and Faraday - these kings of intollect--ware called in to assist. The phrases "deadened gospel'' and "prigged gospel" were justifiod. If thoy did not like prigged, he would say stolen ; if they objected to stolen (some did), then ho should take tho intensest adjective ho could find-" thieving." No further ob- jections wero made. In tho use for the twentieth timo of the words "fundamental and irreversible laws of scientific reason as formulated by Sir John Herschel," Mr. Blair provoked a laugh, and an injudi- cious cry of question. Tho " loud laugh which marks the vacant mind" caught it severely from Mr. Blair for about four minutes. Then there was a joke about an Irishman, who wrote "S. I. after his name, because he thought the words thoy stoodforwere8pelled "sivilingineer." Quarfcor of an hour was still left, and in that time Mr. Blair showed, with satisfaction to himsolf aud not a few others, that every one of the doc- trines of spiritism, as announced on the previous occasion by Mr. Tyorman-even tho one about thoro being no devil-was at leait 1,800 years old, some 3,000 or 4,000. Tuen he gavo a boiling-down of the doctrines of spiritualism, of which the following wero the most interesting and tho most con- tradictory :-" That the soul is eternal, that it commences its existonce at con- ception, at birth, at maturity, at old age. That all are immortal, that some are mortal, that none are immortal; that the soul ia a winged monad in the centre of the brain ; that it gets tired, and goes down into tho stomach to rest ; that the spirits oat food, that thoy live by absorption, that they live on magnetism, and (oh, enviable beings) that they livo on love ; that they live singly - in groups of nine ; that they marry, without having offspring ; that they had offspring by mortals, aud by each o thor; that their marriago is temporary, that it is eternal." But whon ho came to state some of them in rather plain English-that murder is right, thatlying is right, that slavory is righf, that tho broach of the Seventh Command- ment is right-not a few of the audionce thought propor to hiss ; at tho samo time tboie were others who cheered. These wero the doctrines of spiritism. (Aloud "No.") Let persons who wero propared to say he had never found such doctrines as he had enumerated among the works of spiritualists stand up. (No one stood up who had not been standing beforo. A good many who were crowded into tho passage looked as if they would not have minded sitting down.) He would not; ho could not, stand up before an audience of that kind and forge quotations. (Cheero.) Mr. TYERMAN complained that Mr. Blair bad not touched ono singlo point, and his rumblings led nowhere. This was not the night for the doctrines-("Oh")-but the pheno- mena ; and Mr.Blair had to prove that the phe- nomena were produced by mechanical causes. (A loud " No, " and a louder ' ' Yes, "and then an altercation between the two voices. " Why did you Bay ' Yes ?"' asked the one ' ' Because you said "No," replied the other. Both smiled, and then allowed the attention of the , audience to return to Mr. Tyerman.) A series of test cases was enumerated. They were chieily ' American cases. Two persons re- ceived this order from a spirit at a séance " Ask Dr. G-for a small sum of money from the charities in his possession, and go and purchase fuel for Mrs. -, who is in much need." The merit in this case lay in the fact tbat the recipients of the message did not know that Dr. G had the money, or that Mrs.-waj in need. Then there was the case of a man whose wealth was divided amongst his hairs (there is no mistake about this word, it was emphati- cally " hairs"). A person Dut in a claim for the payment of a debt of 7,000dol., but the mon who had bequeathed his money in this peculiar fashion came back, in tho spirit form, and told the legatees where to find the re- ceipted bill. The onlj; colonial case was that of a gentleman who, in 1852, when between Melbourne and Kyneton, suddenly woke up from an uneasy sleep, and found out several suspicious men bending over him. Twenty years afterwards-i.e., a short timo ago-he learned through a trance medium that his deceased sister, with the belp of othor spirits, saved his life on that memorable occasion, for she knew that the suspicious men were going to murder him for tho sake of gold tbey supposed ho had under his head ; these men were frightened from thoir purpose by terrible pictures the spirits presented to their minds. The spirit gave him further proofs that she was his sister, for she reminded him of things he used to say in 18GS, in the twilight honrs, to little children about the stars. À fourth case was one in which a man wished a hand-bell to ring, and it rose six inches off the table, and rung twice. The half-hour was up before Mr. Tyorman was finished with the test cases, of which he had 30 handy, and which was most provoking. He had to break off without saying what he meant to have said about the photographs which bad been token of spiritual outline». One was a photograph of the deceased Abra ham Lincoln, which his widow had recog- nised. Mr. BLAIR said,-" We have made a few incisions in this patchwork doll, and shaken out half the sawdust. I don't intend to leave any in." (Cheers.) The cases were disposed of in a few sentences. Some were dismissed as most preposterous Yankee ghost stone.-'. Upon the Sandhurst half-crown, tho Boston charity case, and the 7,000 dollars, Mr. Blair was severely ironical. The books were filled with these silly twaddling stories. What proof had we of the facts ? GreeJey, the witness of mysterious handwriting, was tho most short- sighted man in Amorica ; Dr. Campbell was -utterly ignorant of Bcience; Sergeant Cox Btated in his recent work that the table rapping was produced by a power in which the spirits had no part, viz., by psychics, or, as Pundi, said, by "sly kicks." AU scientific men were agreed that the phenomena of which trustworthy evidence had been given were produced by natural force, and it only needed further investigation to drag it into the light. An unformulated law of physical force, in the human body, and a still unformulated law of the mind, were quite sufficient to account for everything that entered into the stage of human belief. Mr. William Fawkner admitted to the London Dialectical Society that he used to manufac- ture magnets which produced raps on tables, and Professor Popper had undertaken, by natural means, to produce before a London audience at the Polytechnic, the spirit hands, the rapping, and all the rest of it, and then show how easily the trick could be done. A grosser or more demoralising imposture was never attempted to be played off on the human race ; not one new fact, hot one new law, not one new thought, not one new idea, had been given to us by spiritualism-but simply scandalous and shameless immorality. (Cheers, and cries of "Oh.") It was announced that the third discussion would take place on Monday next. 