THE STORY OF A HORN. AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. " Who is that you have been talking to so long, " said Mrs. Grenville to her husband as he entered the room towards the close of a .warm summer's afternoon. Mr. Grenville was a stout,'pleasant-looking man, ai few. years past his prime, and the owner bf Greenwood Station in Northern Australia, where our story opens. " He's a strong young fellow with money, who wants to get Colonial experience, and join some one in a station ; he has been at sea most of his life but he's tired of that, and intends settling down on land," was his reply. " You are not going-to take him on here, papa ? " said 'Lucy Grenville, his only daughter, raising her bright eyes from her book with a rather displeased look. How do you know that he's not an imposter ?" " Why, yes, my dear, " said her father, " I have agreed to let him remain here; he brings a letter from Loyd, an old friend of mine in Melbourne, recommending him very highly, and in fact I've taken a fancy to the young fellow ; I dare say I shall manage to make him useful. " . " What's his name ? " enquired Mrs. Gren- ville. " O'Brien, Arthur Clarence O'Brien." " Then-of course, he's an Irishman, and I don't like Irishmen, " said Lucy, "besides ; it will be so disagreeable to have a stranger always in the house." " Well, my dear, we must make the best of it, " said her mother ;," I confess I don't like it myself, but perhaps it won't last long." And so saying, Mrs. Grenville left the room to hasten the preparations for tea. So Arthur O'Brien came to be established at Greenwood, and in a very short time the handsome face and frank manners of the young sailor made him a favorite with the whole family, Miss Lucy, by no means, excepted her- self. From his unfailing good-humor andjreadi nessto learn station work, he was a useful and agreeable assistant to Mr. Grenville, though it could not be deined that he'was an exceed- ingly stupid bushman, as he proved when bringing up the mob of working horses soon after his arrival. On that occasion he had I contrived to lose himself in an open spot j where such a feat was considered so impossi blè, that no attempt was made to find him, till his long abs ance suggested the idea that he had been seized with sudden illness, or had met with an accident ; and then search being made, he was discovered riding about in hopeless confusion, almost within sight of the house. No one had been more ready to laugh at this than himself ; and when pre- paring to go out again he had taken a large horn, which hung in the saddle room, decla- ring that it should always be his companion in future rides, so that when he lost himself again they might find him -without trouble. This resolve, though laughingly expressed, he kept; and from that time they were in- formed of his return with the horses long beforeheappeared, by the shrill clear sounds of the horn ; and to one of the family at least this became very pleasant musi-3. In a few months Arthur O'Brien came to be looked upon by all in the light, almost, of one of the family, and it was with satis- faction, therefore, thatjMr. and Mrs. Grenville saw that the evident admiration with which he had from the first regarded Lucy, appeared now to be fast ripening into a stronger feel- ing, which they had reason for believing was returned by their daughter. It was a bright fresh morning at the end of Autumn, breakfast was over and most of the family were walking up and down the verandahs or the garden, enjoying the softair. Arthur O'Brien had saddled his horse, and taking his horn as usual-for he had continued to do this, though more for amusement than anything else-he rode up to that end of the verandah where Lucy and her mother were standing. " Will you be home 'early ? " asked Lucy, thinking of an afternoon ride she intended to have. " No, Miss Grenville you'll never see me again. I'm going to bolt, " said he, smiling, as he bent his handsome head towards Lucy. Very handsome she thought he looked. She smiled back a reply, unconscious that she was looking into those dark eyes for the last time. They stood watching him till he was out of sight, and remembered long after, that just before he disappeared he turned in the saddle and gave a long look back. "He seems to be .taking leave of the place, " said Mrs. Grenville smilingly to her daughter as she went into the house. There she found Mr. Grenville looking in- to the pile of newspapers which had arrived by the previous evening's mail. He'uttered an exclamation as he opened one of them. "What is the matter, my dear," asked his wife. "Poor old Loyd is dead," said Mr. Gren- ville," sighing. " I have been intending to write to him for weeks," he added, after a few minutes' silence. " I wanted to know if he could give me any information about O'Brien's family and antecedents." " Oh, never mind that, my dear," said Mrs. Grenville. " Depend upon it, when the time comes, he will be-able to satisfy you ;" and with this thought Mr. Grenville was obliged to content himself. The long warm day was over, and Mr. Grenville's family were assembled round the tea table. Many times during the last few hours had the question been heard, " Where can Mr. O'Brien be ?" for it was now dark, and he had not yet returned. " Don't you think you ought to send some one to look for him," asked Mrs. Grenville, anxiously, of her husband. " My dear, the horses were all turned out last night, except the one O'Brien is riding. I depended on his bringing up the mob this morning," said Mr. Grenville ; " not that there is the least chance of his being lost. Most likely the strange horses have taken away some of the mob, and he's gone further down the river after them. It's bright moon- light, and he's sure to be back before long." All through the evening Lucy walked restlessly up and down the verandah, try- ing to reason herself out of the presenti- ment of coming evil that oppressed her so painfully. Every time a dog barked her j heart beat fast with the hope that he was coming ; but the hours passed without bring- ing him, and at midnight all had, at last, given up expectation of his return that night, and had dispersed to their'various apart- ments, one of them too anxious and unhappy to sleep. It was Mr. Grenville's intention to go for a horse at daylight next morning, and, ac- cordingly, Lucy, who had scarcely closed her eyes during the night, heard him stir- ring at the earliest dawn. She called to him as he passed her door. " Are you going for a horse, papa ?" . " Yes, I am going to look for one, but I expect I shall find O'Brien before I find a horse. I shall bring him back to breakfast, most likely." The cheery tone in. which her father spoke raised Lucy's spirits. She began to feel that she had been more alarmed than the occa- sion warranted, and tried to be satisfied with her father's assurance, that it was impossible for any one to be lost on that part of the run where Arthur O'Brien had gone for the horses. Trying to shake off the depression which had been hanging over her for so many hours, she rose earlier than usual, and met her mother with a cheerful face, which was again shadowed, however, when their breakfast hour came and passed, and neither her father or lover appeared. Her lover ! She thought of the tender words, spoken in the soft moonlight the last evening he had been with her ; the permission she had shyly given him to speak to her father the follow- ing day ; and chid herself for the unreason- able feeling which possessed her, that all hopes and memories connected with Arthur O'Brien were things of the past. It was a close, dull morning, and towards noon black thunder clouds began to rise slowly from the horizon. All through the long weary hours of the forenoon had anxious eyes watched for the return of the absent ones, but in vain. It was three o'clock in the afternoon before Mr. Greville appeared, alone, tired, hot, and faint. But he had brought a horse, and declared stoutly, that as soon as he had taken some refreshment he should renew the search-this time with a better chance of success, as he would be on horseback. In the mean time, however, the storm burst. Though very violent, it was brief, as is generally the case in that almost i tropical-climate ; and directly it was over he rode off. More, more waiting, more hours I of suspense. Daylight had melted into moonlight before Mr. Grenville returned, j and, again, alone. He seemed as much sur- prised as dispirited at his ill success. "I can't imagine where the boy has got to," said he. " I've been over every bit of country between the road andthe creek, and I know he's never crossed that, because I've always warned him particularly not to do so. It's nothing but scrub on the other side, and he knows how stupid he is in the bush." " What are you going to do, papa ?" asked Lucy, with such a sinking of heart that she could scarcely command her voice. " I've brought up ail the horses, my dear," and I shall send over to Boona the first thing to-morrow, to know if they can spare me a black boy, or a man or two. It's very unfortunate that all our blacks are away ; still, Ave shall be able to rout him out, de- pend upon it." They had not a black fellow on Boona, but the OAvner kindly sent a couple of men, and, as Mr. Grenville gave some of his flocks over to the care of the Avives and chil- dren of the shepherds, in order that the men might join in the search, they made a large party. As Lucy Avatched them setting of! she felt a strong persuasion that they musí be successful, to which their confident asser- tions that " they couldn't miss finding hin: in such an open strip of country," contri, buted not a little. But, toAvards the close o: the day, one tired horseman after another re- turned, each with the same tale of not having seen any trace of the missing man;.and a¡ she heard it, hope left Lucy's heart. " What do you think of doing noAV, dear,' asked Mrs. Grenville, Avhose sad anxioui face sheAved what she felt. " I don't knoAV Avhat to think," Avas thi answer. " I can't believe the boy's been mac enough to cross the river. If he's' on thi side he's all right : he must make some sta tion before long. I must go and talk to thi men about it." And so saying, Mr. Grenville Avalked t< the hut Avhere they Avere standing in a knot giving an account of the day's proceeding to a man who had just ridden up, and Ava unsaddling his horse ; one of the chie speakers adding " I don't believe he's lost at all. He couldn1 have lost himself on the run. We've beei over every foot of it." " Is it the good looking young chap I saA here about two months ago?" asked th Btranger. "Yes," Avas the reply; " seen anythin; of him?" " Why, I saAV him only yesterday, mor than fifty miles down the river, buying ra tions from a dray he'd overtaken." Mr. Grenville came up in the midst of th general exclamations that folloAved this in formation, and, in a few minutes, Avas pu in possession of all that the stranger coul tell him, one of his own men remarking, i conclusion, "I thought, all along, sir, that he Avasn lost. I was getting my rations the mornin he left,' and noticed him putting on hi watch, and putting his purse into his poe ket, and, thinks I, them's odd things t bother yourself Avith in the bush." " You must be mistaken about the watel Dickson," said Mr. Grenville, "he alwaj leaves that behind him, and,' as for his havin bolted, that is ridiculous. He .Avas not ei gaged with me, and could leave any momer he pleased." And, turning to the new an val, Mr. Grenville tried to convince him fbi he had heen mistaken. The man, how- ever, stuck to his statement, and, in spite of all that Mr. Grenville could say, the others seemed to he of the same opinion as Dick- son, with regard to O'Brien's having bolted, and shewed great disinclination to trouble themselves any further about him. Mr. Grenville argued with them in vain, when one of the quietest of them made a sug- gestion, which had, perhaps, more practical good sense in it than anything that had yet been said. "Why, sir," said he, " it's no use guess- ing xoliy he's bolted, or why he wouldn't ha' done such a thing ; the best thing to do is to find out if he has done it. What I've got to say is, that one of us just rides down to Woongoon, where our mate says he saw him, and find out if any one o' his description's passed that way. You can go on looking for him, if you like. He can't miss turning up on some station, as long as he sticks to this side of the creek, and he's not likely to cross it while he's right in his head." This proposal was received with such gene- ral satisfaction, that Mr. Grenville did not make any objection to it, in spite of his own. absolute conviction that O'Brien was really lost, and he left them still talking over their plans, and walked slowly back. When he left the men, his conviction on this point was, as we have said, absolute, but, by the time he reached the house, it was somewhat shaken. After all, what did he know of the antecedents of the young man for whose con- duct he was so ready to vouch ? Absolutely nothing. Even the remembrance of the letter from his friend Loyd gave him. no satisfaction. By his own account, O'Brien had only been a few weeks from sea, and what could Mr. Loyd know of him ? Was the letter a forgery ? But, no, he dismissed that idea, resolving to wait for proof before he would even suspect him of such an act ; and, going into the house, communicated to his wife and daughter the new turn affairs had now taken. Lucy's feeling, on hearing the news, was one of intense relief. If Arthur were alive, all was well. He would soon return, and prove to their satisfaction everything that now looked strange. She had no doubt on the subject, and she ex- pressed this with such confidence that her father had not the heart to .mention any of the suspicions which had clouded his own. mind, but he took an opportunity in the course of the evening to visit O'Brien's room, and finding, to his surprise, that his shepherd's statement was correct, with regard to the young man having taken his watch, which Mr. Grenville knew was not his usual custom, he smoked his pipe in a very uncom- fortable frame, trying to account in some plausible manner for Arthur's sudden depar- ture j that is, always supposing that the man's story proved true. But here the old gentle- man became so bewildered by his own specu- lations that he was glad to give up all attempts at solving the mystery, and go to tea. Through the hours of night, poor Lucy, too, had been trying vainly to account in any way for Arthur's strange conduct, and, having failed in this, had come to . the con- clusion that the man who had brought the news had been mistaken. Morning came,'at last. A letter was written, to Mr. Clements, the owner of the station where Arthur was reported to have been seen, containing a full description of him,the messenger despatched ; and now, those most interested, prepared themselves for another period of suspense, which one of them felt to be a greater tor- ture than the most dreadful certainty. To her dying day Lucy never forgot the misery of the next thirty-six hours. But they, too, passed, ajnd, on the second day, as the sun was setting, the bearer of the letter rode up, and, taking the answer from his pocket, handed it to Mr. Grenville. Lucy stood near, looking on. She could have shrieked with impatience, as he opened it. The moments become minutes to us when they are laden with such keen pain. He read it aloud, and Lucy heard it with feelings so mingled that she did not know whether pain or relief pre- dominated. Mr. Clement's letter was a cor- roboration of the statement about which there had been so many conflicting opinions. He was not personally acquainted with Mr. O'Biien, but he could testify to the fact that a young man had called at his station at the time mentioned, enquiring about the road. He had told him (Mr. Clements) that he had been buying rations at some drays he had passed ; that the said young man, as far as Mr. Clements remembered him, answered in . every particular to the description given of O'Brien, though he could not be positive as to the color of his eyes, and had not noticed the horse he was riding. . All felt now that there was no need for further anxiety on Arthur O'Brien's account. They were sure he was not " wandering," as the men expressed it, though, from what motive he had chosen to withdraw himself thus unceremoniously from the family in which he had seemed so happy, they were, of course, unable to conjecture. A year had passed away. Lucy had just . returned from a long visit to Melbourne, and her parents were delighted to see that the change of scene had not failed of its effect, and that all her old cheerful- ness and gaiety appeared to have returned. Appeared, Ave say, for, in reality, Lucy had not forgotten Arthur O'Brien. Deep in her heart there lay a love and trust Avhich kept up the hope, Avild as it seemed, that some day he would appear and clear up the stain which rested on his cha- racter - hoiv, she could not imagine. It was a warm, sunny afternoon, a few weeks after her return home, and Lucy and her brother Avere returning from a long bush ^.:< ride. Something in the softness of the air,. *f^' carried her thoughts back to' that time bf " anguish and terror, a year ago, Avhich even Continued on page 47. _l t .'.';.£;.' ,s ( Continued from page 43. ) now she could not think of without pain. Making an effort to forget it, she began to talk to her broiher. pf-*- "Have the blacks been here since I left, Willie ?" "Oh, yes," said the lad, "but they won't come near the place now, and what do you think is the reason ? They say there's a devil-devil in the scrub, and that he blows a horn like Mr. O'Brien used to before he ran away. And, only fancy, a shepherd of ours said he heard it too, and he came home one night quite frightened. I'll shew you the place, directly." Lucy made no answer, and the boy rode beside her, laughing and talking till they had crossed the river, and found themselves on the edge of the dense scrub. "This is the place they hear the horn," said he. " Are you afraid of ghosts, Lucy ?" Lucy did not speak or smile, the gloom of the spot affected her painfully. The wind sighed mournfully in the dark pine trees, but no other sound broke the dead silence that seemed to hang over the place. "Come home, Willie," said she, rather impatiently. " Don't stay in this horrid \--" She stopped suddenly, for the sound of a horn, distant, apparently, was distinctly heard. For a moment surprise kept both silent, and then Willie broke into loud ex- clamations of wonder. " What can it be ? I'm sure that's a horn ! What do you think it is ?" " Hush !" Again the sound struck their ears. Lucy shuddered. " Stay here, Lucy," said the boy eagerly. "I'lLbe back in a minute j" and he urged his horse through the thick underwood, and disappeared. Willie's minute was a very long one : ten minutes, a quarter of an hour, half-an-hour passed, and Lucy's impatience was beginning to change to anxiety, when «he saw him slowly emerging from the tangled mass of bushes, with something in his hand which caused a spasm of pain and sickness to seize on Lucy's heart. It was the horn that Arthur O'Brien had taken with him the morning that Lucy's eyes had last looked upon him. She sprang from her horse, and leant against it, hearing, as in a painful dream, Willie's voice, telling her how he had found the horn, with a small pocket book tied up in bark attached to it, fixed in the fork of a tree, and that he supposed it was the wind blowing through it which caused the hollow noise that had guided him to the spot. Lucy held out her hand for the little parcel containing the pocket book. " Let me see it first, Willie," she said, in such a tone that the boy yielded it without any remark. Then they rode home, and, leaving Willie to tell his story to her father, Lucy escaped to her room, and, with trem- bling hands, turned over the leaves of the little book. The last few pages were covered with writing that she recognized only too -well. The characters were hurried and im- perfect, but, in spite of this, and the time that had elapsed since they were pencilled, they were sufficiently distinct : - " All hope is over. My mind begins tc wander. I have been many days, I know nol how many, in the sciub. The strange horses ¿galloped into it, and I followed them a lit- tle way and could not get back. I rode m j horse till he knocked up, then left him. Mj darling Lucy, my last thoughts are with you My dearest, think of - God have mercj ._j) Here, the writing became illegible. Th< few words were blotted by Lucy's passion ate tears. A search was made next day, anc a few bones, all the mortal remains of Arthu: O'Brien were carried home. They had beei discovered by the aid of kangaroo hounds not near the tree where he had fastened hi horn (he had wandered far from that, pro bably in the delirium which precedes sucl a death), but under the branches of a unie bush, which drooped nearly to the ground And so the mystery which hung over Arthu .O'Brien's disappearance was explained, no as many expected, not as one hoped ; bu she could think of him, and weep for hir now, without shame or bitterness, and sh thanked God for the discovery which had re moved the stain that rested upon his memor for so lone. HOWBEIT CAJUN. Goulburn, March, 1S72. 