CONFIRMATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Final write a few lines in reply to Mr. Graham'. strictures upon the passage in my charge in which I say of Confirmation as being a' founded upon Scriptural waT tant and Apostolic example," away. I lay no stress upon the passages Mr. Graham has evils! in which the word " contain" occurs. I never sofa them as having any meaning upon the rite of confirmation I consider that the scriptural warrant for oonflrnuUon rests upon two passages in the Acts to which Mr. Graham he referred, but has not quoted in full, and from a passage in the Epistle to the Hebrews, which he has net notions The passage in the Acts are these: "Now when our apoelícs¡which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John, who when they were come down prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. . . . then laid they their hands on them and they received the Home Ghost." Acts viz., 14, 16, 17. Again we find St. Paul at Ephesus with twelve dis. copies of John the Baptist, " When they heard this they were baptized in the names of the Lord Jesus, and when Paul had laid his hands upon them the Holy Ghost was on them." Acts xix., 5,6. in the service for Confirmation we affirm that we. " after the example of the Apostles," lay our hands upon these young persons. What are the facts The Apostles Peter James, and Paul did lay their hands on persons who had been baptized, and prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. We follow their example. Under the different circumstances of the Church week. what the Apostles did I hold in our own communion the place of an Apostle; Isa not an Apostle, but I am one set over presbyters ; 1 stand to them in the room of an Apostle, and on certain occasions I lay my hands on persons who have been baptised by others and pray for them that they may receive the Holy Ghost! I have not the power of conferring those miraculous gifts which followed the laying on of the hands of the Apostles, for the gifts were not promised in perpetuity ; but the gracious influences of the Holy Spirit are promised, and for these we pray. In confirmation of this view, that these passages of Scripture warrant us in the use of Confirmation let me quote an authority which Mr. Graham will, I doubt not, regard it of great weight It is that of Calvin, in his " Institutes, speaking of Confirmation as one of the so-called sacraments of the Church of Rome, he thus de- scribes the ancient custom upon which the Romish abuse is founded : " This was formerly the custom, that the ship dren of Christians, at fear they grow up, were brought before the Bishop, in order that they might discharge the same duty which was required of those who were baptized as adults. They sat amongst the catechumens until the time when, having been duly instructed in the mysteries of the faith, they were able to make a confession of their faith before the Bishop and the people They therefore, who had been baptised as infants, because they had not yet by a confession of their faith before the Church performed that which was required of then, about the end of childhood or the beginning of youth, were again presented by their parents, were examined by the Bishop according to a definite and common form of catechism which they had at that time. And in order that this act, which was on other grounds deservedly regarded as grave and holy, might have more reverence and dignity, the ceremony of laying on of hands was also used. .... Of this custom the ancients make frequent mention." Calvin Instit,, 19, 4. In the Epistle to the Hebrews we have those words: " The doctrine of baptism and of laying on of hands," Hebrews 2. It is of course open to Mr. Graham or any other com- mentator to question the application of this expression, laying on of hands, to Confirmation. In my opinion, it describes an act similar to Confirmation. The Church of England, which in common with the other Churches, has a right to decree ceremonies so that they are not contrary to the Word of God, has thought fit to provide an order of Confirmation, filling up the form or scheme of which the idea is named in this passage, after baptism, then follows the laying on of hands. Here again I will fortify my position by Galvin's help. In his commentary on this passage, speaking of those who had been baptised in infancy he says, " This passage alone abundantly testifies that tail ceremony of laying on of hands on those who had been baptized in infancy flowed from the Apostles," It was connected with a superstitious rate, when mel Signed it to be a sacrament. But let us know that it was instituted by the first authors of our faith; "where- fore the pure institution should be retained to this day, while the superstition should be corrected." I believe the Church of England has done what Calvin suggests, and that he would not have condemned our services in this respect, as it is a matter of history that he approved of other parts of our ceremonial. I have thus, as briefly as possible, answered Mr. Graham's inquiry. I am not anxious to enter into controversy upon this subject. I do not see the force of the reason air. Graham gives for noticing my statement. Btv charge was addressed to my own people, and as I should, not interfere in any matter upon which he chose to address the body to which he belongs, I think it would have been more conducive to Christian onion if he had left my charge 1 alone. At any rate, I feel certain of this-that if he knew is much of the benefits of Confirmation as I do, how it his been the means of salvation to many, he would pause before he laid one word calculated to bring the ordinance into contempt. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, F. sYDNEY. Bishopscourt, July 30. 