'.',: lw;., '.'.TA'K^&TH;&XEIIy;\--'/'1';;''.,.;'',- On Tuesday last, being Whit Tuesday, thea icer.einouy jof .the^receptipu [of Miss. Julia .Horner, into .the sisterhood of , tho Preseiita^ ., tion Order of, Nuns, was perforriied, the ' Mercury says,., at St. Mary's Cathedral, ' .. Hobart Town. The postulant for ttfe white- ? veil and the garb of a noviceshipi 'is'a.'. younger sisteK-o*fMis3 Terbsii Horner,' wh'oj; in conjunction witri another young lady, tobk ' the veil nine raonths-agoy and who like 'her r sister,1 has thus voluntarily dedicated herself' to tho work of educating the ; children other ? native land, Tasmania, in the paths of religion and virtue. Though the admission; was :byr ticket, in order, to. prevent overcrowding-,*, there was .aJarge,- congregation present; in-,, chiding immerousjnembers of other religious ',- denominations. ,Tlie clergymen who wore' present, and took part in the service,' were the1 Right Revs. Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart' Town), autllDiYO)M!a.hony (Bishop of Armi dale), the Very Kev. E. C. Maru'm/Vicar^-i General, the Revs. J. Sbeehy andR. Gleesoril (Deacon nnd Archdeacon), the Rev. OD. li\ X. Beechinor (MasteB oi the Ceremonies), : the Revs. Ji MclicEnaiii',, T. Kelsh, and M.. O'l?egan,,in the sanctuary, and the Rev. W:, JFitzgerald in the choir. ;'....-?'.:.,''. . ' Greatip1uepiaraliions haa teen made for th ' occasio-ii '. and the High Altar was tastcfiillw decorated viith.iitowers arid1 evergreens, the. tabernacle. -weaEing its veil of white ;satin*. and the canopy hung gracefully froni the crowaj.bearing on its blue band the woals* JEcce I}dnis.-AHgfltoFvm. The nuns' choir. w(ii. also tiistefully ornamented with flowers and - evergreens. . : -..'.:?:,-??? Tlio ceremony commenced, a few minutes, after i a a.m.;, the Right Rev. Dr. Muuphy, vested ih.fsll Pontificals, officiating. He nlsa wore the jewelled mitre, whiol- was presented' by the Earl of Shrowsbury to the late Biiahop, andlborein his hand tho pastoral staff; indicative of his officai - : -. The Rigjit Rev. Dr. O'Mahony, Bisliop. of j4rmidal^. -was vested ia purple cassock, ' roohet, aisdi imntelleta, over which he wore-' Sis.pectoaal caross. , .; ,. Ait liV-liaaun. the , pracession issued from,, the Saesisty, headed by a young lady cross ' heare^alaa in snowy- white, withi two com pmiion, acolytes, similarly arrayed, one oa either side, each bearing a lighted taper. These were follow«D by about a dozen altar attenaiants, neatly sitdrcd in pitrple cassocks; aucl Koman cottas^ The clergy followed! next in order, ^scaring susplicos and capsi: Then came the Master oSJCeremoriies. fol lowed by the Bishops, and ? the Deaooni and Sub-Deaconi. The preeession of the. ^Ke~ ligievses of thjy .Convent followed ;ne*t. in order, headed by a cross bearer and twa other young ladies a£ tho Convent,attired in robes, of pure whike. ; The novices followed, then, the nuns, and lastly the novice elect, Miss! Homer, wearing a rich 'bridal dress and white. . veil, arid having at b6r right the Lady Su perior, aad on her left the Mother Assistant; The well known' hymn O Gtariosa Virgi niim was rendered- by the (choir during the procession. , i : . . .- - . , -, At itho conclusion of the hymn tho Bishop, after invoking God the Father, and praying for, in behalf of ', the humble . order which lie had chosen, the assistance of the glorious Virgin,' blessed the wax candles that they might bb . a protection in 'whatever pl'ace. they should be lighted or placed,' and then presented them' to tho novice-elect, with the. prayer that ' she' might by ? the illumination.' arid favour of the Holy Ghost 'be eterijaily united with Jesus Christ,! the Spouse. -v$ the Church.' . - ,. ... The Right Rev. Bishop O'Mahoney. then ascended tho pulpit, and preached an«loo«ent aud impressive sormoa from Juditb, XY,.ci^ 9-U '.Verses;'.' And Joachim the High Priest caniofrom Jerusalem .10 Bethulia with all his ancieuts to see Judith, and when she was comoout to him'' they all blessed her with one voice, saying : -. Thou art tlio glory of Jerusalem, ; thou art-thc joy of Israel ; thou art the honour of our people : For thou hnst done manfully, and thy heart has been strong thenf.d, because thou hast loved, chas tity, and after thy husband hast not known any other ; thereforo also the hand of the Lord hath strengthened Ihee, and therefore thou shalt be blessed for ever.' There ever had been Judiths, he said in the 'Christian. Church, who. were ready to devote themselves to labours of love and chanty. He then referred to the persecution to which the Church had in all ages boon subjected, and tho glorious rewards in store for; those who sincerely devoted their lives to God's service. Ho next pointed out to the novice-elect the nature of the duties to which she was about to devote herself for life. The sermon, which lasted for three- quarters of an hour, was listened to with devout attention throughout. At the end of the sermon the usual ques tions were put to the novice-elect and to the Lady Superior by the Bishop, who having ascertained that it was by her own free will and consent that the postulant demanded the Holy Habit of Iteligion, His Lordship be sought the Almighty that what ' Me had commenced in her Ho might perfect.' ? Whilst the postulant retired to leave aside her secular dress the ornaments and pomps of this i world; the choir intoned the psalm 'In cxitu Israel;' anil on her return to the choir, the . postulant being now clothed with the holy habit, guimp, and veil, the solemn ceremony of the ' Blessing of the: Habit' was proceeded with. ? ? :.; , At the. .conclusion of. tho appropriate prayers the Mother-assistant, presented the cincture and the rest of the. dress to the Lady Superior, who put it on the novice, while his Lordship repeated the prayer Citm esses junior etngebax te ; and ; the following prayers. After the : novice elect' had been fully attired .she received her religious name, Sister Mary Frances Borgia, after the' second illustrious General of the Society of Jesus, St Francis Borgia. , '.; '. ' The. music throughout' was beautifully rendered by the convent choir assisted by the Kev. \V. Fitzgerald, and Mr Pucker, who presided at the organ. The solemn Pontifical Benediction of ' the Holy Sacrament con cluded-. the' religious function of 'the day. 