MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. O.F. Train is in Blarney, County Cork, canvassing- for the next Presidency of the United States of America. He has taken Ire land hi his canvassing tour through *? Japan, Chios, India, and the -'uez Canal.' Someone endeavonred to secure bim for public exhibition in Cork, but he diclined on tbe interrogative tbat 'What was tne use of upsetting tbe Lord Lieutenant, imprisoning the Chief ol Police, creating a panic in the Gladstone Ministry, pnttinp Disraeli icto power, making the Royal household shuke with the palsy. Bismarck quake with paralysis, Thiers gr to bed with Banquo'e ghost under the table, and swindling treatise of the high joust, dead beat, scattered to the wind.' Atjbisauah Idioks. — Is the English lan KuageundergoinKa'sea-cbange'in these colonies (asks the Age), and shall we eventually 'guesc and calculate' after the fashion of our American cousins? Visitors from the mother country tell us that there is a very perceptible twang about our manner of speech, and we must be ourselves conscions of the gradual introduction and growing use of quaint and bizarre ex pressions. We should not feel disposed to place much reliance on the opinions of such critics as the governess in the Tichborne ease, who gravely informed the court (hat tbe use of the word * worrit1 by tbe claimant was de cidedly colonial, or of the comic paragraphist who professes to have discovered (bat the Aus tralian form of invitation to drink is * Let's kiss the baby.' But our everyday experience shows that our language is acquiring the localisms, which in many and excusable in stances are to be ascribed to features peculiar to colonial life. Thus men travelling on foot in search of work are said to ' hump their swag on the wallaby track.' 'Squatters,' 'Crown grantee,' 'forty-seconder,' and 'cock- atoo,' owe their origin to the peculiarities of the land system; from which also come the terms 'to peg out,' ' to take up,' 'to select,' and many others. The management of horse, cattle, and sheep stations, has given rise to such expressions as ' overlander.' * to yard,* 'to run in,'* to cut out,* * to dip,* *u- paddock,' *to buck a hurricane,' or 'to pig- jump.' Miners* 'jump chums,' ' pegout,' * strike a rich patch,9 'fossick about.* 'make their piles,* and * shepherd claims.' Tbe shepherd ' bakes his damper,' sips his 'post and rail' tea, calls his wooden matches ' timber' and his bread and meat ' rations.' Th« vagaries of tbe clerk of the weather are dubbed * brick-fielders,' or 'southerly- busters.' These are all descriptive or suggestive idioms which have been evolved by peculiar and exceptional circumstances. But there are some for the introduction of which no reasonable excuse can be offered, and which serve no other purpose than to degrade and villify our lanuage. Some are borrowed and others are original. In this category may be included 'larrikin,' 'jam- buck,' 'lambing down,' 'to stick up,' 'the boss,' doing the block,' * insulting behaviour,* 'nip of P.U.,' 'will you join us?' 'to nob blerise,' * to shout.' ' to treat,' or ' to stick a Mlow with.* Why should certain liquors he rechristened * square gin.* 'stringy bark.* or ? red gum ?* There is no necessity for these abortions ; there is nothing expressive, nothing original, or nothing even amusing in them. They are catching, and tend to vulgarise our mode of speech, and to h«U us up to the ridicule of oihers. The drawl for which young Australia is remarkable may be curable or not. But tbere is no teason why he should drawl such meaningless monstrosities as those of which we have given a few exumples above. 