THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OP THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A PRIVATE lottor from tho Rev. E. Fuller, tho devoted missionary at Frascr's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, has been placed at tho disposal of tho Jïn'souuc Courier. . Mr. Fuller gives an interesting account of tho work of tho mission, and gives an account of sonto of their pre- judices and superstitious notioiiB. Tho mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in law nt auy timo ; thoy boliovo that if abo did ho would go mad, and would go and livo in tho bush Uko a wild man. Consequently," when thoy all como togothor to sing nt school time, after being taught iu the CIIISSCB, thoro is great covering of heads hy tho women who Imp pou to havo their sons-in-law tliore, aud you will seo thom " backing " into their plncos iu a most laughable manner. Tho son-in-law, at lim samo limo, will roll himself up in his blnnkct, or otherwise hiilo himself from tho mother's gaze. Tho younp; men will not sit down on tho sume stool or box, or iu fact anyvvhero, wherein young woman bus been Bittiugal any ttmu. Thoy imagino that tho young mon would sickcu and dio if they did. So Hint wo hnvo to havo ono form or Btnol for tho Indies, and another for Iho gcutlcmcu. Tho shadow of tho young women must not pass over the | stooping place of tho young men. If n schooner is pass- ing tho mission about mumot tim natives will sometimos throw sand up into tho air aud blow with their mouths towards tho Bun, in order to mnlio tho sun go down quickly, and thus compel tho schooner to como to an anchor for the night in tho cbnnncl near tho mißsion, nnd enablo thom io got on board and obtain tobacco, biscuits, &o.;, which the captains genornlly supply thom with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to his own tribe, and tho children aro supposed to bolong to tho " mother's triho." As a rulo tho natives will not cat york, but I cannot got any of thom lo give any dcfinito reason why thoy will not cat it. It seems a custom handod down to thom by their forofnthors, and uko nearly all their customs and superstitions notions, thoy can merely say it is so, or such is tho caao, &c.; Thoy aro firm boliovors in ghosts, mid thoy assure mo that thoro are plenty in this islnud, and that thoy enn bo scon at certain times. Asa rulo Uley aro frightened lo go down to tho creak nt night-time. The boliovo that thoro is a dovil (mollong), but thoy havo no idea ol' a God. To give you an iden how tho nativos havo decroasod in numbers, sinco thoy havo como in contact with Europoans, I may just say :-That on this island, which is about 85 milcB fong by 12 broad, lhere aro, I think, not moro than 300 blacks, and yet thora aro no less than nineteen distinot tribos. But Btrong drink and disease, introduced among theun by ungodly white, people, havo mado such liavoo among them that tho tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And uko a low Bhoop loft from many (looks, thoy amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, tho strongest mnn, or tho 'greatest bully, "tnkos upon himself " to ha No. 1. Although tho aborigines wero not iu tho habit of smoking boforo tho arrival of Iho while man, yot now BÎnco tobacco lins hoon introduced nuioiig them, thoy aro great nmokore-mon, women, and children. A little girl or boy, about two or thrco years old may bo aeon with ii pipa in its mouth smokiug tobacco ; yea, thoy nssnro mo that sometimes tho mother will oven tako the breast out of tho child's mouth and put the pipo in, "Wo do not supply thom willi tobacco, but thoy mnnngo to cot it at tho townships, and from tho VCBBOIS passing. The pipo Is Bcarco over out of thoir mouth* when thoy aro nwako. And again, tho Europouus not only supply thom with packs of cards, but also tako tho troubli to teach thom how to play, BO that wo not only havo to preach JCBUB to thom, but also to preaoh ugaiuat oard-playing, for thoy got so ongrossod in playing thom thot thoy will not lonvo thom to como to school, and > Bomotimos neglect thoir food, Thora aro part« or por-" tioiin of tho land which thoy look upon as individually tlioirs j ou tho death of tho father it dosoondB to tho sons, Tiley aro cainiilinls ¡ thoy oat tho young mon who» thoy (lio, aud tho yonnir women, if Ihoy aro fat. But cannibalism is not so prcvnleut among them now as it ivas boforo tho white man carno. AVhon a person diesr thoy skin bim (old mon and womon oxcoptod) ; tho skin is dried nnd carried about by ouo of the relatives as n sort of olmnu. Thu bouc» and other parts of tho body aro divided among tho kinsfolk. .Sometimes thoy hum tho body, aud enrry tho nahes about. Thoy boliovo Unit: tlio spirits of Hie elend blacks como up and sometime.!» kill thoir cucuiios. Thoy generally shift thoir «ii»' .. whon ono dios timonga thom. Wo havo a nativo i'00t0r hore who, thoy positively assort, lins oxtr^ctcl| r0p0 stonoB, piocos of glass, .to,, from natives that woro stole .' thoy also affirm that ho cou fly up lilla n bird, aud thai ho can go in tho earth hero and como out again at soma considorablo distnnco off, they also nay thnt! thoy eau-, not kill bim, and that ho will not or die. 