* THE STIER SHAKE SPiSAliE'S MESSAGE. The popularity of Mr Peebles appears to be progressing backwards, a& only a •very-limited audience attended the Temperance-hall last night to hear Ms second lecture. The platform was deserted altogether, by his friends and admirers, there being- only himself, " brother " Dunn, and the chairman ^ and in future, he said, he .would dispense with the services of anyone in the chair, which is rather an unpieasantpredicament for the committee to. have him in. After bringing him so far they might stuck to him a little longer,; .though, all things considered, it is not to be wondered at that they have had enough of jtheir liad bargain. It is stated that -tli% guaranteed him a considerable sum for-coming.-over, and they will make a dead loss if they cut his acquaintance so soon. Perhaps they prefer putting their hands in their pockets to placing their bodies in .the chair, and if this is the case it is some evidence that they have come to their senses since the seer's advent among them. ~ The proceedings were commenced last night by reading a few: verses from the New Testament, after which Mr. Dunn read a " poem " written by Shakspeare through a medium. The audience were told as the poem was read they would perceive the authenticity of the inspiration. It was a tissue of the most stupid blank verse,- with the exception of one or two lines pilfered from St.vPaul, and if it is a specimen of what the immortal William can. write now, the sooner he drops poetry the better for his earthly reputation. Some one one had evidently tried to parody bits and scraps of the test, and a pretty mess they made of it It commenced " To be or not to be, that's not the question, and it went on to say that Shaksptare now kne w that " Mortality is swallowed up in life." He also assured the world (through the medium) that there are " no Macbeths " prowling about in bpirit-land' Neither is there any Hamlet, nor even the Ghost of Hamlet's father* There are no " Desdemonas" to be smothered, and " every Romeo finds his Juliet." Those portions of the " reading " which ware not rubbish like this, were such alterations as " Thus ignorance makes cowards of us alland it wound up with some other liberty taken with the " To be, or not to be " line. The style of the composition was not unl'ke the harangue given by Dr. Dunn the other evening in the Masonic hall, and only that the spiritual authorship was given (name and address) it might have been imagined that he had. written it. But as it was, it was the best part of the evening's performances. Mr Peebles took for his text, " Now we See through a glass darkly," and before he had gone Tery far he proved clearly that the words were remarkably applicable to his own perceptions of what he was trying to explaiu. He commenced by saying that that deity or principle whom we term God " had created man above the animals, and gave his ideas,of " what is real and what is spiritual," there being nothing " real" but " spirit." The body is nothing; merely " a thin gaseous, immaterial, shapeless nothing." By and bye it wiil be cast off, but whether it will be " nothing " or something afterwards was not told. _ The next portion of the lecture was devoted to " personal expediences" but they were merely the oLd specimens of spelling out names by one rap for ' no' and three raps for * yes.' " Mr. Peebles vouched for a lot of miracles however, which, like the astounding cures performed by patent medicines, all came off a long way from where they are published. The cures which quacks advertise in Melbourne are generally effected at some other side of the giobe, and so with the spiritualistic miracles. One Dr. Newton turned aLiondon cripple into a real" Jump Jim Crow " pedestrian and Dr. Dunn had cured a man with a broken or damaged back—in America. There is an old lady living somewhere in the some localiiy (Ameiica), whom " the angels told to go to the hou^e of one John Williams," who had been confined to his bed for a long time with paralysis, and cure him. When Williams saw her he said " Get away you old hag," and she took his advice, but called ou " good Eider Harney," who west back with her, and. talked with Williams like a spiritual father. The consequence was he consented to let the " old hag " try her skill. " She went to him, breathed a prayer, and said arise, " Williams,and walk," and he arose and walked. Walked across the room and into the street, and came back bounding with joy. He said, madam, I thank you ; but she said stop, don't thank me. It ia not my power; it is the power of God." The whole story appeared to be a monstrous parody on the Biblical account of the perversity of the Assyrian leper, mixed up with the cure of tie lame man at the gate of the Temple by the Apostle Peter. The New Testament statement, is than th& man commenced " walking and leaping"— the Yankee came bounding " like a spring-heal'd Jack. Mr. Peebles then explained how the spirits control mediums, the explanation of that phenomenon being that-- spirits are merely disembodied mesmerists. He guarantees that he can make a trance medium utter the thoughts jvlu-jh are passing in his own mind, he ^Mr Peebles) being yet in the body. In fact, he has done so once—in Anjeilca. Wiien he gets clear of the body it will make no difference to the spnit, which wall still be able to caTry on its old lunes. The letter concluded with some instructions concerning, "the ^ formation of ciicles/' with particular dhections about how to become mediums. The latter depends upon keeping the body clean outwardly, and free from "swine's flesh" inwardly. AH intoxicating chinks are also to be abandoned, an4 tobacco ditto. If these matters are" attended to, the " medium " business is within anybody's reach.— Daily-Telegraph, 