Cricket. fBT an Old Crickbtbb.1 Thjs match, Universty v. Bathurat, came off on Friday and fiatwdaylaatjSjidendedinaiiothertnumpbantvK^ryiorthe already jubilant collegians. It was evident from tie com* menwment ihat the Western players were greatly over matched, a-ni yet the oo&teat; was a remarkably pleasant and intesestingone. Such perfect unanimity and good feeling pervadedthe whole proccedings.andthe playing an somecasea was of such a superior character that one could not nelp en joying the game. The Bathuntmen laboured under a great disadvantage in having only arrived in Sydney on Friday \- Bjorning, much JHtijrnti from the effect* of a whole night's travelling. That this militated against their chances of racoess was evident from the marked improvement which, their exhibition of Satuiday showed over that of the pre vious day. The University men went first to the wickets, and succeeded in putting together the tall score of 158. Barton played carefully for his 27, and. Coatee's 18 were run up in a very short time. The palm for batting, how ever, belongs to Powell and Sly : these two colts play .i great havoc with the 'bowling. Powell's 43 were obtained chiefly by brilliant and well-timed hitting, and although. 2te gave two chances his innings calls for high commenda tion. The 41 of Sly equally entitles him to praise, and prove that he is 8 batsman considerably above mediocrity. The fielding of the Bathurst men was not up to the mark, and Caraidy committed a grave error in keeping West and himself on bowling so long before trying a change. The fiatburst men in their first innings were very quickly dis posed of for 50— the excellent bowling of Coates and Faith fall, and the faultless fielding of the whole team, rendering a long score a very remote contingency. Hurley by some free bitting secured 13 (the only double figure), and carried oat his bat. The state of affairs necessitated asecmd innings for Bathuret, and in this they were somewhat more successful, as they contrived to put together a score of 86. Of the$e Webb made 19 and 'West 38. Weai'a innings was one .of the best of the match, snd was distin guished by consummate paiieace end a masterly defence. The University won in one innings with 22 runs ty spare. And now that this match is over, and we have seen some more of the country talent, it w)U be well to consider whe ther there is anything in it up to Intercolonial form. I will not anert that any member of the Bathurst team is en titled to s place iu the Eleven, but I should strongly advise the Association, to try West a little in practice. His innings of Saturday lest wes no flake, for he playci the game throughout, never gave the ghost of a chance, and was run out in the end. He is a good field, and although his bowling was not effective in tie late match, it may yet be found to be useful in a further trial. Wi*h this excep tion, I see nothing in the Bathurst eleven which can be of any service to us. With reference to the Intercolonial eleven, it apprars that Faithfull bie quits male up his mind not to go, end although this n to a degree compen sated for by the probable presence of Coatee in the team, yet his absence u*U be seriously felt. The Association held a mestipg on Tup-Jay evening, and addrd the names of Moore, Lawrence and Allen to the list of candidates for election, I sball have more to fay on this subject when I have had an oppntunUy of wraesshig the practice, which I hope to see vigorously canici on. The various metro politan clubs treteginring to sound the note of prepara tion for the Epiter campaign. Two matches havealrndy been arranged, viz., Pmrarratt* v. Bathurst, at Bathurst ; and Alberts v. Goulburn, at Goulburn ; and I believe the University meeu to tty - inclusions in the Hnntar River district, with Newcastle and Maitla&d.; Altogether there Appears every probability that our cricketers will bavea lively time of it. 