GENERAL NEWS. On Saturday last a game of football was going on at Parramatta between the Wallaroo Football Club and the King's School boys, when in the heat of the contest one of the lads got a kick that broke his leg. STDNEY FEMALE REFUGE-^On^ Monday evening tho annual meeting of the Sydney Female Refuge was held in the Temperance Hall, Pittrstreet, Sydney Owing to the weather the attendance was limited Sir Alfred Stephen occupied the chair, who in opempg' the proceedings recounted the, origin and early history ol' the institution -Tie an nual report showed that great, and, it was trpated, permanent work had been necpm plished during the year At the end. of De comber, JLS7Í) there, yfere ,1$ inmates in ¿he Refnge,aud during the past year^l have been admitted*-7 of whom went to serrioe, 1 was married from the institution, 4 were^ent to the Infirmary, 5 to their friends^ ÎS^eft o^tliéjr own accord, 1 was 8eo,f.to tb,e Benoypleitt Asylum, 1 to the Receiving House, Darling hurst, and on the 31st December last 25 romajjicd Toei Pfoeeds oí tbe^r laboi; amounted to d£2&8 l7s £d being a ¿light advance on the previous year Daring the last six years the large sum of £2o34 has been earned by the inmates for work done TÇo abstract of receipts aiid disbursements foi tjje year ending on the 81st December, 1871, showed that at the end of 1870 the balance in hand was £101, subscriptions had been received amount ing to ¿31(5, donations £17, prooeeäj of work done by the inmates £238 r invested funds £772, accrued interest £38, the total amount to oredit being £1544 The disbursements were fo^ general expenses £560, paid to contract ;Ç75Q, baWe in hand £234 , Tie repprt ano* balaoce sheet were adopted, and the usual reso lutions were carried, the principal speakers being the Dean of Sydney, Rev John Graham Rev, Sir CurnQw, and Rev G Ö Bode - Abridged frían S M Herald, June IL EXPORTATION OP SHEEP raosi NEW ZEA LAND -We have of late had ocoasion more than onoe, to mention the exportation of sheep from this provi ce to the United States of America This week twenty Leicester lambs nave, arrived in town en route per mail jtesmar Ío San Francisco, thcnoe to Oregon-and per apa a better or purer, lot have never left the colony., 0 TfieJ were s looped from tte New % a land Land Company a flnok, oq the Clydevale fetation, by Mr Allan Cameron who has been manager on that station for the past four years hut wbp has now Je;ft spa goes io ¿^mec, icat where ho intends to eommence sheep-breeding -Otago Timer. , JURIES AND TBBIB VERDICTS-At the j Bathurst Quarter Sessions, on -Friday morn (Dg, Juçîge JosepW1»! white, re^rfi^g tp tfoe ' < reasonable doubts which a prisoner ishoold - always receive the benefit of at the hands of a jury, took occasion (the Times report's) to malo Íhe following remarks -* J, oanp.pt peyn^f tb.e resen^opportunity to pass (witWt expressing Py surprise at a verdict whioh waa returned st, evening in a casewbiob, to my mind, fare ' sensed no diffiouJt(,y whatever, lu which,np rea, ponablo doubts could present tt\etp,so,lves, to the , consciences of any number of reaspnable men ¡Tot in this oase a perverse verdict was returned ' j-most assuredly a verdict oontrary to lb.e evi. fonce, a verdiot in wbiob the jury seems to ave considered the voluble statement of a .pri soner aa proved^ and as against the sworn testimony of other witnesses, and without coo sidenug that in such statement the prisoner paid that one of the witnesses could have ¿roved ber statement to be true, and yet she never asked that witness pne ijuestoon Tbe pvídenóé oí ¿o,e ]prfriqíp'(il ^i{i\é7«3.,on,^he fyjrt pf the prosecution was .uncppfjadicted, ..and jriven apparently in. a, fair,, iraprejudioed, man- ner, in a simple narrative which, to unpreju- diced men, ought to have bad its proper weight |Npthing was urged against this man's charac- ter, I do »at hesitate to .say tbat this, was the most perverse verdict Lhave ever received, And ¡I might justly fear that a jury, who oouhj re- turn snob à yerdiot against evidence wbioh seemed lorne to bo conclusive, although ¿worn to decide á ease upon .the evidence brought be- fore them, would return a verdict against a pri soqer if only facts were mentioned before them lavo of the country " I ? At the East Sydney nomination, on Monday, Mr. George Oakes was proposed by Mr Richard ¡Driver, M.L A., and (aeconded by Mr. Alder- man Green The Hon.., J B Wilson waB pro- posed by .Mr. Alderman Macintosh, and sec pnded by Mr James Pemell. Both candidates were present, and addressed the electors. The Jamieson correspondent of the Melbourne Argut telegraphs on june 4 :-A new qaartz lode has been discovered within the last few days at Sailor Bill's Creek, of à richness hitb'erto unprecedented in this district. The fortunate discoverer, a miner named John Daws-is now getting out stone literally hanging together with-gold . , I THE CUT BANK -About noon yesterday, this recently erected banking establishment was visited by his Excellency Sir Hercules I Robinson, Lady Robinson, and party, who were accompanied throughout their inspection by the Hon Henry Parkes, Colonial Secretary. The | distinguished visitors were received at the ves tibale of the Bank by Mr William Neill, its manager, who conducted them throughout the es ablishment The banking room, surmounted by an elegant dome, and girded by arohiteotnral adornments displaying artistio workmanship of po ordia&ry; merit, was first inspected, after wSich the party were led to the ground floor strong room of the bank, where they were shown a number of fine quartz speoimenB, from Kroh pann's The strong room being ratber dark, the specimens were removed to the board room, where being placed in water, they presented an appearance not a little imposing His hxoel lenoy evinced considerable interest in these evi ilencesof themmeral wealth of the colony,anînte restwbiohwas still furtherheigblenedun viewing in one of the manager 8 apartments specimens of copper ore (native) and various other sorts A visit was then paid to a stroofc room upstairs, and from thence to the board room, the propor lions and fittings of the latter being greatly ad mired. The polished colonial cedar, very ex tonsivcly used throughout the bank, came ia for a fair share of notice,-the beauty of the wood, and the excellent workmanship displayed in its polish and adaptation for adornment be ing especially remarked The ledger depart- ment, and the arrangements that have been made for tho comfort and convemenoe of the !iank offioials, were also inspeoted by his Excel enoy and party, who left the premises Bbortly lefore 1 o'olook -S M Berala, June 11 COACH ACCIDENT- On Wednesday evening last Mr. Doyle was driving his passenger van from Locke's platform to Bathurst, and when within two or three miles of his journey's end, he met with an accident. It appears that a number of men were employed in putting the Macquarie Plains road in repair, and at one place have dug a trench and filled it with loose soil ; and as Doyle was driving past that spot the off wheels sunk in the soil and the van capsized ; John Busby, Esq., manager of the Bathurst branch of the Commercial Bank, was sitting beside Doyle, and was thrown from the coach face downards ; his face was somewhat cut and damaged by contact with the earth, but we are glad to learn that he did not sustain much further damage. Doyle himself was considerably hurt, as the vehicle fell upon one of his legs, the flesh of which is much lacerated, but we believe no bones are broken. None of the other passen- gers, about twelve in number were injured. Cobb and Co.'s coach was also upset on the same road the same day, but no person was hurt. Fortunately in both cases there were plenty of willing hands to help, and the passengers soon resumed their journey, and reached Bathurst without further mishaps. - Bathurst Free Press, June 8. THE RIVER MURRAY.- In consequence of the heavy rains, the river has risen rapidly since our last. It is now nine feet above sum- mer level. - Albury Banner, June 8. FATAL ACCIDENT BY DROWING - As two female servants were proceeding to Mr Basil Gray's, in whose employ they had engaged, on attempting to cross the river at Tintaldra, one of them, named Chamberlain, was washed down the river with the current, and was drowned. Albury Banner, June 8. ACCIDENT.-On Wednesday last a man named Thomas White was driving a bullock team with a loaded dray near Wyagdon, and as the bul- locks did not work so well as he thought they ought to do, he sat upon the pole of the dray, whence, as he says his custom was, he beat the pole bullocks with the handle of the whip, and in doing so over-reached himself and fell to the ground ; the wheel of the dray passed over his leg and rendered him helpless. The poor fellow was brought to the Bathurst hospital, and Dr Machattie on examination discovered that he was suffering from a compound fracture of the left leg. The fracture was at once reduced, and White is doing as well as could be expected. Bathurst Free Press, June 8. BLACKS STEALING BEER - At Blinman, on May 25, before Mr. J: P. Buttfield, P.M, Tommy and Benny Boy, aboriginals, were charged by Charles Faulkner, landlord of the NorthBlinman Hotel, with having, on the 22nd, broken into his store, and stolen nine bottles of beer and limejuice. The evidence was clear, and the prisoners were sentenced to imprisonment at Port Augusta gaol -Tommy for twelve months, and Benny for three. - Adelaide Observer, June 1. FIRE NEAR BUCKLEY'S CROSSING. - A de- structive fire occurred on the Boloco Estate on Tuesday morning, at the residence, of Mr M. Byrnes. The origin of the fire is not known, but it is supposed to be in consequence of the prevailing high winds and that a few sparks of fire were blown into the roof of the house which was a thatched one. A few minutes after be- ing discovered the whole of the roof was in a blaze, and desperate efforts were made by Mr. Byrnes to save the house, but of no avail. The place, including everything but the bed-clothing, was entirely consumed. - Cooma Gazett, June 8. TpE TR^SCONTÍNE^TAL TELEORAPH:-The Soatti A[uslral\an, Advertiser publishes the fol, ldwing extracts from a telegram, received in Adelaide from the Government Resident in the nor^herp territory -" Mr jG Todd and ]patty were bearing, ftp line, and are now pushing on to the Catherine River The gold party are now «respecting in the vicinity of Southport \Ir Westcott is pleased with the oonntry, and 13 sanguine, of suocess The schooner Victoria is prospecting for pearl shells. A few have been found It is thought a large bed exists here Patties from the lein Tam Harbonrt Western Australis, would be MteTgí l¡o settle here if land, coula tie obtained diree% lhe present regulations as to the purchase of land prevent enterprising men from other colonies sel,iljpg here , J ^lave visítaá Me]yiUe Island again The juinalp, qn the island are ftmumer able, and the country ra magnificent No naiiyes were seen, although we visited a high range inland The Alexander is rebutting, and it ¡aprobable .wjl^.procqed.tó^Bangjkol - The natives about 'he-settlement are friendly." FAT SHEEP^-What farmer^ can dp if they li^éín tie wayof fat.sTièèp wa^ wçllèxëni'pirfied l4(,li,jvè.ek1.iq,.£bj'èa[ .epIe)i|ïiiçpeoïrrieas.pÎjC)EoÎçê ' .mytton, -, ¿|aágntflre.d...by Mr. .William, ¿ya'laj),.. the butcher. .Tho sheep were from the farm of |Mr FiUsjimons,. at rNórth ^Wágga^áñ'd turned ' $k tcaíij at th'o foÎlow^ig ftrjmé weights :-£'Öjio '. ¡ev.ß, Grtoqthj 99lb, anq; two. 4^t¿óth wétqerji weighing. respectively llllb. and 78lb.- Wagya Wccrtga Advertiser'. - "' , . ' llf>NNjÍB>i,isa^,Oú..1TKn'r^'y l$,|jthe Öli?-", Wa,.(Wrwivr.ÇrwMA. WB Burned ..John \ Dillon appliad.foro warrautagainstaman named - Ijame'sM.'Ewan; charging him with having bitten, > ¡hu. \efó,'éár néjrlj off., jt jjpjjpará Jj6àtn tljére ' |h»a,beán, a', dispute, ^vér.fc ,gánje .'¿f. qar,ds i« "ji ' boase at the Canadian, and ia order to. convince Dillon', his antagonist, >M'Ewan¡ indulged-, in i ¡the ab.9,vó, àmusçmëot. Dr. Ramsay, attended (b ! ,th/} qba-wea organ, and has hnpès of saving the whole, oí iLi...". '>..,.n ., .... .... : THE CONSXQOENOÉS OF BÀCKINO A B?CS JÖSffER.-Ön Thursday wë^k (jays (fie ^pqïbT ftxjpfi Dji/^c^.'ít ab.bí,t S p'tó^.in.íue.fpí , inobn,.J*a>qSi eldest ,sqn qf^Mr. Henry M'.CqrJey; of Harold's.Croas, met with a serious accident. It apbeärs that, iii spite; of thp earnest cufroa itiijiiof.. hi? fám'jly,, hb/pprsistéd\t iu^fluntjing.,»!. .b¿.okjamping,(niaré; ..which shout tbrée weeks ] ago tell over witu bis youngest brother, Jpbn M'Curlcy, and broke his arm The ill tempered br.ute repeated tho same game on Ibis occasion, and fell uppn ter riaer Tue elder ají Curley, who witnessed the scoideot, ran to the assis- tance of his Bon, whom be found insensible, and who remained tin thatj state for nearly tea nynutes Aljan JJ, Curleyv another trotter, started to Braidwood for. a doctor, but had not proceeded far when a messenger dispatohed to overtake bim came up with bim and told hi,m ip return, as tbe sufferer had ¡rallied, and no danger waa -anticipated, but he continued in pam until Thursday, when be was suffering so severely tbat his friends thought it best lo send, hiDj jo tbe Braidwood Hospital He waa placed pp a bed ra a dray and brought, to town, boj suffered grpatly from, the jolting qf $6 > vehicle over the twenty miles of road between there and Harold a Cross ANOTHER GHOST STORY-.f sends the fojlowing yarn to the Bay Standard -Some years sinpe two friends of mine (squatters) were returning borne from their daily occupation to the home stat on, and on nearing a dry swamft tljey both exc'aimed-Here s a traveller corni bj» the wrong road ' The vision they saw repre- sented a mau carrying his blankets on his baok, but as he turned from the path into the swamp on their approaah, they rode after bim with the intention of showing him the proper direction , on nearing the supposed traveller, one of my friends spoke to bim several times, but not re- ceiving any reply, raised his whip to strike the man-wh.cn to tbe intense horror of both, gep tlemen, the phantom assumed a cloud-like misty form, and vanished from their view Many people have since visited the spot, but úo olue to the ghost story has ever yet been discovered. THE " LABOR" TRUJÉ -When captains and owners of vessels employed in the South Sea labour traffic fall out, and carry their dis- putes before, legal tribunals, a great deal of in- teresting information may be looked for by the pubUo generally. In the juries of four court yesterday, Captain Cleverley sued M CoBta, a Frenchman, owner of the brigantina Lismore, for £110 49. for wages and expenses Incurred in j;he defendant's Service. The plaintiff last year took 59 Polynesians from. Solomon's and Other islands to Levuka, Fiji, in the Lismore", the Íefendant aocotnpanying him Of theae | danders, 40 were hired out, and 19 remained on hand at the commencement of November The 40 wno wqre bired out seem to have been rather dissatisfied with their position, and so they seized a vessel, and murdered their hiters Lud every white mau on board A good many murders had been committed abolit this time, and, acoording to tho evidenoe of in employé in the British Consul's offioè at Levuka^ the offioials there were keeping tfieit eyes open, and there was a " general stampede ¿mong the skippers " The plaintiff's case was that the defendant, fearing that the. 40 escaped islanders might, on being oaptured, Say tbèj bad been kidnapped, asked bim tó jo to New Zealand out of the way The defendant'a ver sion is that the captain ran away and left, his employment because H M S Blanche was dilly expected at Levuka Whatever influenced jtitè captain, he did go, and be now sued the defendant tor wages and his expenses for some months after leaving Levuka having as alleged, beçn still io his implqy Both plaintiff and defendant, empbatioally denied having been frightened at Levuka, but each stated that the other bad been Sfraid Nothing regarding the recruiting system employed on board IKe Lismore was elicited, as the counsel on,neither tide seemed to be inquisitive .on that point Tb? jury gave plaintiff a verdiot for ii08 2s 6d -Melbourne H raus, June 6 The Ballarat district co qner held an Inquest on Tuesday on the body of Jane Leggatt, whose death was caused, according to the Ballarat Courier, by a very Bimple but somewhat re markable accident, vi« , Ibrongtl filling off à' ohair The stack to the nervous system was éo severe that peritonitis resulted, and death ensued a few hours after the occurrence Ah Wah, the Chinaman charged with cutting and wounding a countryman at Beechworth in a brutal manner, bas been committed for trial a( the next Beechworth General áe«sion> - ?ilfcî&ourne; Argus, June 8 An impetuous nnd r mantle lover said to Miss Smith, ' I am the" oak and yoll^ tie vine I draw ypu to me with cords of love ' " Not io, Jones," replied the blushing fair Miss Smith, " If I'm Ehe vine, I prefer the ordinary twine " 'Wnen Tones 'and Smitn meet rbfiaice com.eS to an end quickly, that u clear 