BERRtMA. (Frsom our corresloondeat.) QUAnTz-RtBEP,-For somo time back alluvial gold has boon obtained in small quantities at Mittagong, near Nattai. Last wook a party of miners thero, after sinking twolve feet, struck a gold-roof. Somo specimona from there have been exhibited in Borrima and Nattai, which are of extraordinary richness. Nearly all the male population of the town have started to-day for the reof, in order to have a look for themselves. The roof is said to be on or near a creek which forms part of a largo government water reserve. More particulars will be to hand this evoning. Sohoola.-Tho inspector for the Goulburn district has been examining thi public, denominational,and provisional schools in this locality during the last three weeks. It is pleasing to be able to report that Mir. MIs Intyro finds a marked improvement in the management and progress of the schools The in spector is a general favourite with all hero, especially with the school children, whom he has the happy tact of inspiring with confilonco and cheerfulness while under oxamination. Master G. Oakes, pupil teacher of the Berrima public school, has been pro moted to a higher classification. Two half-time schools are about to be established at Mandama and Soapy Flat. Athletic Sports.-No finer weather could be wished for than that on Queen's Birthday; and the people hero took overy advantage of it by thoroughly enjoying themselves on the recreation- ground, where foot-racing and cricket wore carried on. The racing was remarkably good, the chief prizes being carried off by an unexpected competitor in the person of an aboriginal. This blockfollow was formerly a profea sional runner on Monaro. Measra. J. Small and II. Matthews won some very good races. A groeasy pig was captured by Robert Potter, after an exciting chase. Tho day was wound up by a ball and supper at the court-house, given by the members of the Amateur Dramatio Company. Local Papor.-The district is about to be can vassed for subscribers to a newspaper to be started shortly either in Berrima or Nattai. Should the quartz-roof at Mittagong prove payable, no doubt the latter place will be selected by the proprietors. Ghost in a Pawvnshop.-Ono of our amalour theatrical performers telegraphed on Monday last to a friend in Sydney as follows:--"Go to Kirby's, Pitt-stroot, and get me Ghost in a Pawnshop," mean ing for him to purchase a book containing a farce known by that name. In the afternoon the friend replied as follows:-" Cannot find such a pawnshop; hut forward ticket and money, and I will rodooem your coat," ho evidently mistuking the word " ghost" for "coat." Thoe ffoir has gone the round of the tolo graph stations, and our worthy operator hero is often asked " why he pledged his coat." Sons of Temporance.-Two attempts have lately boon made hero to establish a division of the sons of tomperance; but on either occasion not moro than five porsons could be induced to join, so that the pro ject is abandoned for the present. Political.-Pooplo here are surprised at Sydney Punch lately inserting an ortiolo in his columns re flecting on the proceedings of some of our townsmen as regards a dinner intended to be givesto one of the members for Camden. The surprise is all tho greater as the production is as devoid of wit and style as it is of truth. 30th May. 