AN ADVICE TO CONTKNTIONISTB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. 83 Amid all the angry and evil passions which Kew been excited by the sayings and doings in the iii Svood, it seems that something might be gained in the member, of the Church of England, the Evangelical, and the Ritualists, instead of striving destroy one another, would read and profit by the advice of a great and good man, John Ruskin T E D " "If he sales' there were a "loan, of two of sound fibre here and there in our modern times, so that the stuff of it would bear a real train one might address our two opposite groups of Evangelicals and Ritualists somewhat after this << Good friends, these differences of opinion between you cannot but be painful to your Christian charity, and they are unseemly to us, the profane, and prevent us from learning from you what perhaps, we might But, as we read your Book, we, for our part, gather from it that you might, without danger to your own souls, set an undivided example to us for L benefit of ours. You, both of you, as far as we understand, agree in the necessity of humility to the a -<. team. character We often hear van. of Calvinistic persuasion, speaking of yourselves as sinful dust and ashes, would it then be inconsistent with your feelings to make yourselves into 'serviceable' dust and ashes We observe that of late many of our roads have been hardened and mended with cinders ; now, if, in a higher sense, you could allow us to mend the roads of the world with. Mr s little, it would be a great proof to us of your sincerity. Suppose, only for a little while, in the present difficulty and distress, you were to make it a test of conversion that a man should regularly give Zioheus'a portion, half his goods, to the poor, and at once adopt some disagreeable and despised, but thoroughly useful trade ? You cannot think that this would finally be to your disadvantage ; you doubtless believe the texts He that giveth to the poor lendeth cottage Lord,' and 'He that would be chief among you let him be your servant. The more you parted with, and the lower you stooped the greater would be your final reward and final exaltation. You profess to despise human learning and worldly riches ; leave both of these to us ; undertake for us the illiterate and ill-paid employments which must deprive you of the privileges of society, and the pleasures of luxury. You cannot possibly preach your faith so forcibly to the world by any quantity of the finest words, as by a few such simple and painful acts and over your counters, in honest retail business, you might preach a gospel that would sound in more ears than any that was ever proclaimed over pulpit cushions or rather sale rails. And, whatever may be your gifts of utterance, you cannot but feel (studying St. Paul's epistles as carefully as you do that you might more easily and modestly emulate the practical teaching of the silent apostle of the Gentiles than the speech or writing of his companion. Amidst the present dis- comforts of your brethren you may surely, with greater prospect of good to them, seek the. title of Sons of Consolation than the Sons of Thunder, and be satisfied with Barnabas'sconfossion of faith (if you can reach no further) who having land, sold it, and brought the money and laid it at the Apostles' feet.' " To you, on the other hand, gentlemen of the embroidered robe, who neither despise loaming nor the arts, we know that sacrifices such as these would be truly painful, and might at first appear inexpedient. But the doctrine of self mortification is not a new one to you and we should be sorry to think we would not indeed for a moment dishonour you by thinking that these melodious chants and pris native brightnesses of vitreous pictures and floral graces of deep wrought stone, were in any wise intended for your own poorploosurcs.whatover profane attraction they may exercise on more fleshly minded Serious. And as you have certainly received no definite order for the painting, carving, or lighting up of churches, while the temple of the body of so many poor living christians is so pale, so miss inapen.and'soill-lighted, but have on the contrary ra ceived very definite orders for the feeding and clothing of mob sad humanity, we may surely ask you, not unreasonably, to humiliate yourselves in the most complete way-not with a voluntary, but a slowly involuntary humility-not with a show of wisdom in will-worship, but with practical wisdom, in all honour to the satisfying of the flesh and to associate yourselves in monasteries and convents for the better practice of useful and humble trades. Do, not have any more candles, but would some do not paint any more windows, but mend a few, where the wind comes in in winter time, with substantial clear glass and putty. Do not vault any more high roofs, but thatch some low ones; and embroider rather on banks which are turned to the cold, then only on those which are turned to congregations. "And you will have your reward afterwards, and attain, with all your flocks thus tended to a place where you may have as much gold, and painted glass, and remains-, as you like." March 23rd, 1872. I am obediently, DALRYMPLE GHOST. 