THEATRES, MUSIC, AND FASHION. [By our Paris Correspondent] Paris, March 23. THEATRES.-"Daniel Manin" is a drama in five acts, represented at the Chatelet Theatre, the subject being the incidents in the life of the model patriot Mania, and his efforts to drive the Aus trians from Venice. Never was a more iniquitous treaty signed than that of Campo-Formio, by which the First Na poleon delivered Venetia to Austria, and that was only undone by Badowa. Up to 1848, the Venetians submitted to the hated yoke of the stranger ; then the lion of Saiut Mark awoke, Venice declared herself a Republic, elected Manin Presi dent, and for 12 months sustained a seige, surrendering when there was no longer hope, when the last crust was reached, and the last ounce of powder shot away. The defeat of young Italy at Novarra did not frighten the Re public, nor the abominable sack of Brescia by Haynan terrify it. Previous Republics showed that the Venetians could fight, while her merchants ex pended their plethora of gold with the munificence of princes and the fantasy of artists, for behind a Spartan facade Venice had the elegancies and arts of Athens. The year 1848 found Manin in prison in Venice for anti-Austrian politics. He was then 43 years of age, rather small in figure, and wearing ?'« proverbial glasses. By profession a awyer—by patriotism the popular leader. He was an enthusiast for liberty, but not the less so for law. He was no vulgar agitator—no Rabagas. He never com promised himself with disorder or anarchy. The Revolution he unchained he directed. His love for the people was serious, simple, and austere. When an emmte arose he confronted it and forced it back. He was the natural chief of the insurrection— the natural heir ef the Foscari and Dandolo. During his dictatorship he never cost his country a ducat; he was poor to the verge of poverty, and he gave to a patriotic subscription all the property he possessed—his silver snuffbox:; he added, in addition, bis life. Escaping after the fall of Venioe, he landed at Marseilles, where he lost his wife from cholera; a* few years later his only daughter Emilia, and in 1857 he died himself, and was temporarily interred in the family vault of Avy Scheffer, till his fellow-citizens, at last free, claimed his remains. He entered Venice—but by way of the tomb. At Paris ibis suc cessor of the Doges disdained all Buocor; he supported himself by giving lessons in Italian, lived in retirement and modesty. The drama is a faithful photograph of the Venetian Revolution, the only fiction—a thread—is the m airing of Martin's daughter in love with the son of the most cruel of the Austrian Generals—of her repulsion for her lover Leopold, when she discovers his nationality, and the return of her affection on meeting him fighting side by side with the patriots; he re ceives his reward—Emilia's hand—at the deathbed of her father. The scenery is beautiful, superb; no traveller who has been at Venice but will recognise it once again on the stage ; its beauties can never be forgotton. Other cities have ad mirers ; but Venice alone has lovers. The first act opens with the arrest of Manin by the Sbirri, then follows a splendid view of the principal canal, its gondolas, and ihe rich and delicate archi tecture of St. Mark's Cathedral, the union of the two Republican parties, where the chiefs swear at the foot of an altar to conquer or die, the arrival of Emilia, exhorting the people to rise to liberate her father, the release of Maninj his storming of the Arsenal with a band of one hundred men, the repulse of the night assault on a bastion, ihe execution of two traitors, the heroic death of a general, the bombarded inhabitants seek ing shelter in the ducal palace, the dtj in its last agony, the departure of Maron into exile, and, last, the posthumous apo theosis of M*""l^ where dark clouds lift themselves away, and reveal Hh& interior of St. Mark**—at once dazzling and sombre, pillars full of statues, sculptured galleries—the golden roof and its angels, and the altar, with the catafalque—all ie magical and marvellous. The last tableau alone would ensure the success of the drama. The acting was in keeping. Mile. Felix, as Emilia, was terribly grand in the second act. Clothed in white, features in keeping, she excites the crowd to action and to lay the usurpers low. She was more a heroine than a woman—m?re of a patriot than a. lover. Her threate and contempt on discovering Leopold to be an Austrian, caused a shudder to run through the spectators; each glacial, killing word was as the coldness of the poignard penetnating the heart. Equally triumphal was her acting as the Nemesis of Italy. Lacressonniere, who filled the role of Manin, recalled the great patriot's character to the life —simple dignity, firm authority, goodness, courage, and sadness. The Parisians attested the faithfnlnwa of the siege-life depicted, and no one can dispute their competency. "Sans Chezlui en 1869," by M. Gondinet, is a three-act comedy, and which succeeds the "Princess Georges" of Dumas, at the Gymnase. The. author is young, and has written two successful plays already, " Christiane" still holding its own at the Theatre Francais." On the present'occasion he has proved a failure, and his play is full of spite against all foreigners, and so far mischievous. The subject of Fans at home in 1869 is ostensibly to represent a time in the history of the capital when it was the caravansary of the world, and when the dwellers beyond Mesopotamia flocked here. The plot is nothing but the peg to hang satire and .ridicule upon, and con sists of a French diplomatist who is short sighted, and a German ambassador who listens at doors and peeps through key holes. Baron Steinbeck, ambassador, represents a duke of the Grand Duchy of Gerolstein class, who desires to marry his son' to a Spanish princess, but said son has eloped with his governor's daughter to Paris, to be married, and French diplomacy is interested in the pro motion-of the runaway match, the better to foil & Spanish alliance. VhmVu to ? Lord Hawkins, Hie discovery is made that 'the, lady, whom the duke's son wishes to 'nwmr ia the Wife of the GeiZQJUI dor,*. Baron Steinbock—the improbable part of the piece. ' The dialogues and scenes bring 1867—Exhibition year—not 1869 in view; then Paris was invaded by seven foreign nations who came to see, as the seven kings that Voltaire met with at Venice, who arrived to witness theCar nivaL That Tower of Babel epoch has now disappeared as effectually as Hercu laneumandPompeiL Whatistobegained, then, by ridiculing Americans with pockets full of dollars and prospectuses of new inventions—or H!ngfi«li suffering from fogs—or Tuiks, anxious, to find a change of i harems and an opportunity -for gambling—or Russians and South Ame ricans in quest of civilization. Paris then courted strangers, as she implores them to come to her now—to spend their money—to be fleeced, and to be laughed at. As for the Germans, they receive the lion's_share of the " showing up." For tunately they have shoulders broad enough* to bear it. A writer observes— " The time is past for laughing at the Prussians, and not enough remains to hate them. Having displayed so much international love, we ought to exhibit some hate. The play may be rightly considered as a toilette in three acts—a dressmaker's show-room set to a dia logue. Every one is agreed the toilettes of the artistes are splendid, and that the wearers put all their talent therein. The prize rests to the actress whose " nothing to wear" cost 20,000 francs. The author, strange to say, lashes the MacFlimsey ladies ; and the leading Parisian dress maker that serves as a butt in the comedy, is precisely the same who has I arrayed the artitte like Solomon in all I bis dory. The TheatreChateau d'Eau plays* fan tastic drama in five acts—" Le Spedze de Patrick." - M. Cadol, the author, has simply dramatised Dickens's Christinas Carol, and rebaptised MarWs " Ghost and Scrooge." He has played a practical joke on the French critics by not acknow ledging the source of his inspiration : he ought to apologise, at least, for spoiling a good tale. The Ambigu Theatre now represents a five-act drama that people flock to laugh at. It is called the drama " Gk?ndo." In the first act the lover kills his love with a revolver; in the second a fattier strangles bis eon; in the thud an uncle commits suicide, and bis heir starts for Venice with a pad—for all the characters have been either in prison or are qualifying to go there—to see life. The remaining acts run in similar grooves. There is a scene, however, where a son in-law challenges the seducer of bis mother-in-law to mortal combat. This devotion towards such a female relative is very rare in history, and merits to be signalled. Music.—The Opera Comique is very successful in its revivals, because it re gards such not as make-shifts, but as a serious element in the programme. The highly-popular " Mignon," by Ambroise Thomas, attracts crowds, as during its first representation. The score has under gone some changes; the tenor air, " Yes, I wish, &c.;," in the first act, has been discarded; not having danseuses, the ballet which prepared the entry for Mignon has been suppressed. This is a pity, as the dance music was good. Also, instead of killing poor Mignon, as Goethe wished, she lives and marries "Wilhelm Meisier. The denoue ment is not bo poetical, bat the public is better pleased to see the loved child will be rich, happy, a faithful wife, and excel lent mother. The part of Wilhelm had no marked interpreter ; however, the air "She believes not, &c.;," was well exe cuted. As iKkthario, M. Gonael was very remarkable, equal to Faure ; and in the duet " Hast thou suffered," with Mignon, was warmly applauded. Mme. Galli- Marie has made Mignon her role exclu sively, as Mile. Nilsson that of Ophelia. It is impossible for her to be either su perior or inferior in the character. Mme. Galli-Marie is the Mignon that Goethe dreamed and created—the poor little being, mild and gentle—something be tween a child and a woman ; by love the woman, by feebleness and caprice the child. It ib a role not to be learned; it must be divined, loved, felt—in a word, lived. The "Chevaliers de la Table Ronde," by Herve, has been also revived after an interval of ten years. The music is oi that class which makes money, but which ought to qualify the composer for Bed lam. There is the knight Boland, with a windmill for a helmet, the arms of which he turns when in the most pathetic situa tions. There are the same grimaces, con tortions, and drolleries in the tightrope dances and the gymnastic feats. The morceavx of music are in the first act, and the other where Roland declares hit love for tile princess, have a charm and elegance very surprising to meet'with in Herve's music. The troupe of artistes is first-class, and must long for occupation worthy of its talent. The opening of the Theatre dei Italiens is rather an earnest of future than of present success. The building had been converted into an hospita during the siege, and has been entareb redecorated. The difficulty was to maki up a company; the artistes were .scat tered, but the shades of Lablache, Rubini and Grisi remained. Who can fill thi place of Tamberlik or Fatti ? The pubHi appeared delighted to meet once more ii a place where full dress is de rigeur —thi retiring rooms were so many botanii gardens, where white and red cameliai abounded—for the opening opera wai "Traviata." Wagner diaifkinn Italiai composers, but he admitted that Verd "is a savage, possessing something.* Between both these writers many analo gies could be indicated. Verdi !has~ pas sion, an imagination fruitful'and'Ttieve] at a loss, which commands indalgenct for harmony not always exact, and ai orchestration not ever able. His music is generally well written, but tries th< artistes, demanding a great expendittm ,pf self, to interpret phrases full of pas don, and losing everything if xenderec coldly. Mine. Ramirez, a Spanish lady fat/fair, and forty, appeared as Violetta In some parts she was successful, ii others very original. She ■ wore ai immense chain ""^ a watch, that woulc make the real Dameaux Cameliasdie, no of : consumption, but of envy. A writes htjs observed that Violetta's appearano ought to create the puzzle, whether ah< was a "soiled dove" or a duchess Gadoni's voice lacks volume for the rote ad Bodoifo; Bellini's tender music woulc suit him better. The taste and freshnesi of' his voice are well preserved, bnt pre served in ice. The orchestra fully main tained its reputation. Fashions.—For street dresses,. a aDI jupon, with a polonaise of same color, either in cashmere or- woollen mufciriaij are in favor; if the weather be cold « dolman of the same color as the polonauc is prelerred. In any case, where, black ii not worn, dark colors should be chosen for out of doom. Spring toHeta wil] be made in cashmere and poult de eoie, and the new shade that pro mises to be adopted is "nigger 1* bead"-iefede negre. For balls and evening dresses, there is a decided lean ing for the Louis XIV. style, fe&ining; robes, in the richest materials, openbef ore, upon a jupon of poult de eoie, trimmed with lace or plaits in white tulle and bovillonnis. This open style gives a grand air and dignity to the wearer, but is not suited for the boudoir or a small drawing ro6m. At the Due d'Aumale^s receptions, where the Countess of Paris presides, low bojlies are in favor. Pointed oorsagas and loci behind are coming into favor. Far dinners and soirees training .robes only are to be met with ; short dresses, even where most elegant, are only tolerated for visiting. : Corsages d basques axe in finite in form still—long, short, square, pointed, and rounded, folio wing the figure or taste;' guete Louis XV. have not yet been dethroned. Bonnets, when not black, should be adapted to the.color of the dress. For the demi-season flowers ought to replace feathers, and Malin.es tulle bouiUmwu. is the material in request. The trimming consists of lace, even feathers and flowers, with bows of faille, with long lappets falling at the side over the chignon. Violets, in bouquetsorgar lands, and daisies are tile flowers in vogue. With high-bodied dresses some ladies wear a flower in the hair. This is not. at all becoming; a bow of ribbon or a fan tastic comb only should be selected in such case. Rich silk petticoats of every shade wifl be in favor this spring, and worn under polonaises and overdresses. Skirts axe made up of bias flounces, cut in deep scallops, and so laid on in plaited cross ways, that each appears in a different direction. It is eccentric, at all events. Diamonds and precious stones ought not to bewornwithsimpletoilettes; theplainer • suoh adornments in the streets, and eveni at theatres the better. For Manchettes ana collars plain cambric isjpreferred; in the case of costumes, idgUgie, when trimmed, Valenciennes, point d'Alencon, Bruges lace, &c;, are preferred. I have observed a fancy veste, consisting of blue velvet without sleeves, with gold em broidery, open in front, and lapping across to show the figure. Gibbon, the historian, was short ia •fetae and very fat One day, being «ta>o wrththe beahtiful Madame de Oronas, he dropped on his knee* hefore her, and made a flncltfttion of hii lore in the mo?tpaMion«te terms. Thea^ toni?hedUdrrejocted bit nst, and zeqaerted him to rise. The abwhed historian remained on his knees. "Bise, Mr. Oafcoi^ I beweoh yoa." ''Alas, madam," faltered ths onlnaky lover, "I cannot.'' He was too fat to regain his feet without aeristuioe. Madame de Oronsat rang the bell, and asid to the ■erraat "lift up Mr. Gibbon." 