EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. ' 'Fi&y; Baptist' ministers qnartered during''the annual conference held in \- " <3h^go st ihsUjii versifcj, Were lately \ a iemble state, of excite-] : ; menjt^ To uademandthe situation, ijtj ''?ai-im*tte krinWn.liiattlie. committee of _. inception, Jo order to accommodate the delegates expected, were j soxm expeditnt to provide for their entertainment. Among the other ways and . means adopted, some 40 or SO of the reverend strangers were con signed to the hospitality of the Uni versity. The boarding department of this institution is under the care of the He*. W. W. Smith and his efficient i wife, who, being good Baptists them selves, felt only too happy to minister to the comfort of half a hundred minis ters-bat where to deposit them of nights was a grave and difficult ques tion. The matter was mastered, how ever, by Mrs. Smith with her well known energy, who ordered the large chapel in the upper part of the building to be cleared out, and dispatching messengers hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs, &c.;, soon transformed the appearance ot the room into that of a country tavern in fair time. Fifty beds were made on the floor, and five nights passed by, and the brethren were happy. Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to their quarters and prepared to Tetire for the night, little dreaming of the calamity overhanging them. The night passed. It was about half past 4 o'clock in the morning that an " early bird" began to think about the worms. Half asleep, he felt about in the accustomed place for his pants -tliey were gone j his vest and coat were also missing. Nothing was to be found. The unhappy confused man sits up in bed, and is puzzled to know what has happened to him. Has he been robbed? Has anybody been murdered? Gradually these thoughts pasBed through his mind and flashed upon him. Then-he looked around. Where are Brother B.'s clothes ? gone! Brother T.'s big boots?-gone! Where are all the pieces of clothing usually adorning the chairs and tables about the room ?-gone!-gone !-not a vestige remaining. The frightened minister, with screams of alarm, shout ing1, " Robbers 1 thieves! burglars! sprang; from his bed, and soon the 50 were made aware of the doleful situation. The scene rhat followed beggars description-- indeed, forbids details. The fifty unclothed rushed; hither and thither in the excitement of the moment, vainly seeking something; they could not find. Considerable j amounts of money, railroad tickets, I watches, were gone, and con- ! sternation dire sat upon every brow, j One could not but have pitied these distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughted at their embarrassment would have been impossible-it was ludicrous in the extreme. A single white garment was the entire of their indi vidual attire, with a very few excep tions. It looked like' a lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in the early dawn. Here there could be seen a preacher with one boot on-only that and nothing more. Another rushing around, dressed as above- mentioned, with the addition of a tall black hat, and some only the addition of a necktie. Some wrapped a sheet about them and strode solemnly up and down the room, adding greatly to the ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of the scene. " How shall we ever get home ?" says one. " Oh, dear me, what will my wife say when she hears about this ?" says another.' In the meantime the startling news of this sacreligous burglary had spread through the building, and pro fessors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathize, and devisg ways and means of dressing the unfor tunates. All were in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enough,and vests big1 enough for that number of - ministers could hardly be found in a moment. ' At this instant a discovery was an nounced. A pile of clerical cut gar ments had been found in tiie University cha|tel-a number of boots under the stairs. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled sonls-it was a college trick. The room bad been entered in the night by some mischievous students, who had played the practical joke upon the reverend g.ntlemen. When the news was made known, and the prospect of recovering their lost pro< perty-of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments such a shout of laughter went up as never 50 Baptist ministers shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for ail parts of the building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, hats, coats, pants, &c.; The ladies boarding in the building prudently re tired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half dressed ministers could be seen explor ing every nook and corner where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted. The search was in the main successful, and when our reporter1 left everything lost, but a simple coat, had been recovered. No money, or watch, or other valuables had been; purloined.-Nerv York Gazette. 