THE MELBOURNE CTTP utrair I By "The Admiral.1' i It hardly seems a year BiBCe the . I n T\me <>f witiddL TS I nardafirst handicap- but tke I on Time's unwearied wing, though ft® 'oil I them, and again, in common t;aotlWof I labourers in the field of turf literat I make the racing calendar of the I f study, and pondering deeply 0v« wE80® I have been, had circumstances been ! J m the evenly-balanced Scales of I merits of the seventy candidates fiJK® $ Cup honours in 1872, under the weiri!r - them by the V.R.C. handicapper. i J have many things to be thankful f<J k ? V the past week I have heard and eee'i i ; make me deeply grateful, that like the the desert which bloomB unseen nd u!8 18 my merits have not been L n' V.RC., nor have I been pitehfSf > position of public handicapper with i?8 : sovereigns a year attached to it. w«n ; say that Mr. Barnard is hard of hearing ? j although euch ia not (.enroll, comMe blessing, yet at the present time h« h.. « 8 I be thankful for his afflictioe, especially t I ever chance to etray into a qaarto,tLJS?e I thow who fancy they know, yon hi, iT. ' I handicap ought to be made. Sroe'faLj handicaps have received very revere I I from these would-be critics, but still none 1 without a few friends, and it has been reservS 1 for this last bantling of Mr. Barnard's to ento 1 the world and find the cold shoulder turned to I it on every side. During my peregrination! I amongst sporting men of all grades and deacrin. I tions, since the weights wer$ published on Tue,. I day evening, I have not heard a word, nay not I one, said in favour of it, and if ever a handicap I really deserved the term " universally con. f demned," this then is the one. Even those who I have got well in, whilst acknowledging that they themselves have got a good show, are load 'in j their condemnation of the touie ensemble. The Metropolitan was looked upon as bad enough, but thiB is considered worse and worse. If one were to jot down all the opinions he hears as to the weights, he would be able to compile a very interesting book, one that perhaps might come out in the form of a Handicapper's Guide. The public, however, are not always right: and. as Mr. Barnard has devsted much mora time and study to the complation of the handicap, than they can possibly have done, it ii quite possible that his ideas of the fitness of things ' may turn out correct after all, although the mora | ' Hook into the weights, am I obliged to consider I such a result highly improbable. When Mr, I Barnard was first appointed, people wondered Jjor I the V.R.G. committee came to know of hii csps- 1 bilities, for until then his name was quite unknown r to the majority of. turfites ; but he was favoured \ by fortune, and of all the handicappers that hare acted for the V.R.G. he has received the most con sideration from the public and the Press. His many mistakes have been passed lightly over and although owners, may have occasionally grumbled, they did .not make their complaint! publicly, for they wemso tired of change, that they thought .it as well to see if Mr. Barnard wonid not educate himself into a second Bbua It was also; thought during the commencement ot ; his career, that he was assisted by one ofthe | leading members of the VJELC., well-known to be t about the best handicapper in the colony; bat nii I latter productions have completely disabnsedtbe | sporting community of that idea. Having accepted such a public position as that of handicapper, Mr. i Barnard cannot expect to go on for ever without | having his productions submitted to sskere ! criticism. More power u placed in bis hands ! than in that of any other man in the racing world, for a few had handicaps would spoil a race completely. Like the hon, Charles avanl/uflT, Mr; Barnard has had his trial, and I think emy unprejudiced person will confess that, also him, he i. a failare. PerreneDj I hw. the greatest respect for Mr. Barnard, and no , g would have given me greater pleas than to have seen him issue a na cap for this Cup, such as nobody couifl legitimately find fault with. The little ciouo, been growing bigger and bigger for a long h i and Mr. Barnard must stand or fall hy Hs bto Work. It is not his fault that hia work floes ot meet approval, for it is well known that lie scientaoasly devotes himself to his task, . | his beet, bat I am fain to confess that tnatJKe very much below what owners of horses sporting public have a right to an important individual as the VR.G. capper. My remarks may be thought too# by some, but those who do me the kWjf ' . reading Ray contributions will bear that itis not my habit to be captions', finding, unless the case is one urgently it; to feet, I generally err , the present instance I think I would not»a_ I ling my mission as a sporting writer u . public, to find vent through me. T 0 . of the Y.B.C. ftreubl. they appeared, bat as uotone ®f i that body g to be a racing man and therefore ifc w prefer to ignore the matter, .andpoob-po cordingly. I do not assert that dunng _ he has acted in the position of u Mr. Barnard's Ptio havqftofi good races, for such »eU faiowntoww ofthe case, for in most instances, jwW or half those entered are Indicrand the make a good race between temev"'ke a , come to the post, and occasionally make s. E«r thi. cap I have no doubt, if ere J, banfr divided into three parte, ohopptef oapa would be the .>?>!<-. .„ huldi»SP« and changing in the OfUuoM of 0851 » i 1 Wd ' ≠ too that takes such ?wii»to do the mechanical portion ofhis work tf0U roperly m Mr. Barnard does. Another ,a. P ha9 often struck me as curious is, that thifln Borne horse is heavily weighted, a Btable W oanioa is generally thrown in to make up for ? d if an owner is not afforded a chance one J v "he is the next, apparently on the principle S5 time about is fair play, and that it is ex- dient to throw a sop to Cerberus. The ticism which the Metropolitan handicap has has caused the Sydney handicapper, Mr Scan) to resign, and the racing men of victoria having long Bince passed a vote of want /confidence in Mr. Barnard, although . a silent no other course is left to him but to follow hflxample, for in this case a dissolution is im- ible. It i® one thing to make assertions, Poe® er and another to prove them ; and in the h e that Mr. Barnard will forgive me for speak- out once, I will now go into the weights Plotted eac horse, and point out where I fVnk miste68 have been committed. The blic may nt agree with me any more than they do with the adjuster of the Weights ; but then, thank goodness, I am not called upon to make 1 handicaps, but only to criticise those made by others, which I can assure my gentle public is a yory much easier matter. Putting seventy horses together so that all will have an equal chance in a two mile race, is at no time an easy task, even at the end of a season, when all the candidates have been performing immediately beforehand, and you have an op portunity of judging of their fitness and present powers. How much more so, then, must it be when the horses have been in winter quarters for a couple of months, and will not run for other three : and when two-year-olds haye grown into threes, and so on, can only be imagined by those who have attempted the task. It is no wonder therefore that none of our Cup handicaps have ft leased everybody, although the'contents generally outnumber the non-contents. The 12th of August will be looked forward to moBt anxiously, and although this year we had a larger entry than ever for the Cup, I think then it will be seen that there hare been more acceptors, at all eventB if owners hold to their present opinions. Taking the handicap as a whole, I think the three-year-old and duffing divisions have all the best of it, .there being only five horses amongst the first thirty six that at the present appear to have a ghost of a show, viz., Hamlet, The Ace, Lady Clifden, Little Dick, and Glencoe. At the head of the list stands Warrior, With 9st 9ib. Poor old horse! I little thought two weeks ago, when writing that it might be justifiable to give you top weight, to see you so badly treated ! Not that there is anything wrong with.the weight I st which, owing to the rule passed by the V.R.C. Committee last autumn, Mr. Barnard was obliged I to begin ; and Warrior also has shown that he ' 1 can carry it, and at a good pace, as witness his I victory in the Royal Park Stakes — two miles in 1 8mia. 40sec. It is said that there was a mistake 1 of lOsec. made in the time, ' hut that could not M well be, for Mermaid was but an indifferent H second to him, and she, on the previous Saturday, 1 had easily wen the Essendon Stakes in 3min. 1 47«ec. But when Warrior was asked to carry i such a heavy impost, the Weights on the other I horses should &1bo have been raised in comparison, I so as to bring them back to him, and this I I maintain has, with a few exceptions, not been I done; and, as with the Metropolitan, 1 it is from the standpoint of Warrior's weight I that I intend to criticise the handicap. Warrior i has long since passed the age when horses begin f to deteriorate instead of improving, and next I November the probability — a . probability, too, I that, a handicapper might have legitimately con- I sidered — is that he will be at least a 51b I worse horse than he was in the last Cup ; I but if Mr. Barnard's handicap is to be I taken as a good one he must have improved at 1 least 91b, for last year he was only asked to con- || cede 2st to Hamlet, the best two-year-old of the J previous season, and now he has to give Lecturer 1 2it 91b. Another instance, Irish King and Blue I Peter's two- year-old performances may be classed I as of the same relative value, and yet Irish King, 1 who beat Warrior in the race, only received 2st I 101b, whereas Blue Peter receives 3st 5lb. This 1 conclusively proves that the three-year- olds have 1st least 91b the best of Mr. Saqui's old horse, and alio of every other horse whoBe weight has been adjusted in accordance with that of Warrior. I Hamlet's performanco in the Mares' Produce Stakes last spring, when with 9st 2lb on his back, he won, hand held,, one mile and a quarter in 2min. 15ksec., shows that even at this early period in his career he was an undoubted weight- carrier, as well as possessed of a great turn of speed. Since then he has also shown that her could stay three miles as well as one, and al though I think that it wonld have hardly been fair to have asked him to carry top Weight, yet lib, or perhapB 21b, would have been quite enough to have aBked Warrior to have given him after his running last autumn at Randwick. Last year Florence, with 7st 121b, was the heaviest weighted four-year-old, yet none of them, with the exception of B>omula (7st 101b), made any show. Hamlet is certainly a horse of another colour to either of these, but still 2st 31b is too much for him to concede to a three- year old of Lecturer's pretensions, to say nothing of any of the others. Still Hamlet proved him self such a great horse that an error in the direc tion would have been quite pardonable. I had almost overlooked Nimbiefoot, but my remarks 88 h> Warrior will also apply to him in a less degree. Javelin was surely entitled to more than 31b from Hamlet, for although he heat him id the Derby, yet he exhibited nothing like the mm capacity for carrying weight or travelling a distance. This may be also said of The Prophet, although he beat Hamlet in the Gold Cup at the same difference of weight as ha now has, 71b. Yet it was patent to everybody of ordinary discrimination that it ai only the light weights ' that brought them to gether, and, good and improving horse though the cheBnut be, I cannot see him alongside of Mr. Crozier's colt. Little Dick has lib more than laBt year, when he ran in the first ank ; and as he may be expected to aT® improved a few pounds by extra y®»r, and then was not up to concert pitch . a way, he is decidedly let in much hghtly, especially as compared to Warrior, 21hm a on that occasion at a difference of vsru & i wkm he now receives just 141b. nrrJ ou Amethyst have 8st 81b and Lady udeh 6lb lees ? The former never ran last year, and the latter won two races in a canter at if ln to which Lady Glifden was, old . better performer as a tbree-year- » she is, however, fairly weighted as regards ar nor, having been raised the same since last ; ' Mtnohgh she has somewhat thp best of it in that the extra year will have perhaps improved her; whilst it will have -made him worse. - -King- fisher, as usual, has received but little considera tion from Mr. Barnard, and as he only gets a fair allowance from Warrior, he, like him, must be out of it, although, were the distance half a mile less, he might make a good fight. Barbelle and Warrior ran in the Gold Cup at a difference of 121b, the mare running a good third, whilst Warrior could only get fifth, and now the difference is 161b, the marc who is much the younger animal thus getting 41b for the beating die gave the old cocktail. Is this handicapping ? Still, with all this, Barbelle is out of it, aB she has now to give the three-year- olds 61b more than she did last year, which her running with The Ace at Ballarat would not lead any one to believe her capable of doiDg, to say nothing of the way Hamlet and The Prophet cut her down in the Sydney Gold Cup. Planet at equal weights had no show with Saladin in the Australian Cup, therefore he could have had no show here where he was asked to give him 5lb. So his owner appears to think, for he scratched him immediately the weights appeared. Still there was nothing to grumble at iu this, for Planet's running last year was so puzzling that a handicapper was perfectly justified in preventing him again coming to the timely rescue of the ring, for although Mr. Jellet will have it that his horses always go for the sugar , they rarely win when the public money is on. The Ace is next on the list, and to my mind he is as well in as almost any horse in the race. His performances last spring pointed to him as the best three -year- old of the year, with perhapB the exception of . Hamlet, and I cannot but think his performances superior to those of The Prophet, and equal to those of Javelin, and as he only concedes the three-year-olds a fair allowance for his extra year, he must be looked upon as well in indeed. Cyclops I ana hardly competent to form an opinion about as I never saw him, but judging by the class of the company he met when he made Buch a noise in the Sydney turf world, I should say that he had received at least 71b too much, for he proved himself little better than Sir William. PyrrhuB has 201b more than last year, when he was such a favourite, and collapsed so utterly; but in the Midsummer Handicap (not the Australian Cup, as I inadvertently , wrote last week), he showed somewhat better form with 7st 71b, and 1 do not consider him so badly treated when compared to others, especially as his stable were so bumptious about him, and made no secret of his running being pounds below bis real form. Still I do not think .him class enough to concede the weight be is asked to such good three- year-olds as Lecturer, King, of the King, Hercules, and Co. Parisienne .receives an allowance of 101b off her weightMfor age, taking her, when the Cup is run, to be the same age as a five-year-old in June, and she has therefore got in on 81b. better terms than her young compatriots ; still I think she has fully 71b too much to do any credit to the land of her birth, la belle France. Lady Clifden, as one of the crack three- year-olds of her year, can have little to complain of in giving 161b to the best or those two years younger than herself. Her performances at Ballarat last spring, when " only coming into form," although at short distances, were quite enough to show that, when fit, she was a clipper ; and as all the four-year-olds of note give her weight, her chance must be a good one. With this daughter of Yelverton I will conclude my remarks this week, and would I could say that here my fault- finding was to end ; but, alas, such cannot be without doing great injustice to my subject. (to be continued.) 