VISIT OF THE REV. C. CLARK. Readings at White's Rooms. On Friday evening, 31st, an entertainment was given, consisting of readings by the Rev. C. Clark, and a selection of music rendered by the members of the Stow Choir, when there was a laige attendance. Dr. Gosse took the chair, and in his introductory remarks ex plained that they were _ met to assist in raising funds for the erection of a schoolroom and class-rooms in connection with the Stow Memorial Church. In furtherance of this object the Rev. C. Clark had kindly consented to give them some readings, and the Stow Choir would assist by singing various .pieces The Choir then sang "Sweet is the Hour of Rest," and the " Prayer" from " Der Freischiitz," and were heartily applauded. The first readingof the Rev. C. Clark was from Tennyson's poem of *' Enoch Arden," and was a feeling rendering of the story of the lonely Arden's return - from the island of the Southern Sea, and his stealthy visit to look upon fi'" wife and children, inexorably separated from tim in their new home. " The Savoyard's Return" was next _ sung by Mrs. Peryman in a manner which elicited great applause from the audience. The Rev. <3. Clark followed by reading "Mr. Guppys Pro posals." The rev. gentleman selected the three scenes from "Bleak House" of Mr.Guppys first declaration, -his subsequent retractation when Miss Sommers called on him after her Alness, and his second proposal and rejection, and the reading, which was excellently given, afforded a large amount of amusement. The rendering of the duet, "Ohmays't thou dream of me bv Miss Thomas and Mrs. Peryman, called for an ©ncore, to "which the ladies tandly replied by singing the lively little song, " The Two Cousins." The Rev. C. Clark next read from Longfellow's poem of "Miles Standish," selecting the part describing John Alden s embassy. The song, " Alas, those chimes, fol lowed, pleasingly given by Miss Thomas, who was warmly applauded. The last reading was from Dickens's Christmas piece—"The Ghost Story"—and gave the author's moving descrip tion of "ChristmasatBob Cratcbit's." The story was read in a very telling manner, moving the audienceattimesto great mirth, and anon almost affecting them to tears. Mr. Clark, of whose reading the audience thoughout had manifested great appreciation, resumed his seat amidst prolonged applause. The duet, "The Happy Policeman," closed the programme, and was sung by Mrs. Peryman and. Mr. J. W. Daniel in their well-known excellent style. After yotes of thanks had been proposed by acclamation to the Chairman, the Rev. C. Clark, Mr. Shake speare for tia mnaiwil direction, and the angers, the meeting came to a close by singing the National Anthem. Sermon at the Stow Church. On Sunday evening the Rev. C. Clark preached in the Stow Church to a crammed congrega tion, the sitting accommodation of the large building being filled, and numbers of persons having to stand. The first portion of the service was conducted by the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A. The text taken by Mr. Clark was Acts xviL 27 j —"That they should seek the Lord if haply ! they might feel after him and find him, though he be not far from every one of us." The preacher, i whose fervid eloquence, glowing word painting, forcefuland apposite illustrations, chaste diction, fine voice, graceful action, and striking delivery combine m arresting and retaining attention, spoke tellingly of The condition of the Athenians to whom Paul spoke. He referred to the Apostle of theGentiles' characteristics, andremarkedthft4" the objects of Greek worship , were repulsive to Paul despite the learning and intellect of the worshippers. After glancing at the implication of sin conveyed in the verse, he enlarged upon the present and past moral condition of humanity, then spoke of the remedy for guilt, ending with an impressive ^appeal to different Mussbr of hearers. The discourse was listened to with profound attention. A collection, was made at the close of the service in aid of the City Mission, and realised nearly £30. Lecture on " Oliver Goldsmith." On Monday evening, June 3, the Rev. Charles Clark, of Melbourne, delivered in the Town Hall his lecture on "Oliver Goldsmith," which met with such great success in the metropolis of Victoria, in aid of the North Adelaide Baptist Church. There was an exceedinglylarge atten dance, the being crowded. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. A. H. F. Bartels) presided, supported 011 the platform by .a number of ministers and laymen. The Mayor, in opening the proceedings, remarked that anything concerning Oliver Goldsmith, the subject of Mr. Clark's lecture, must be interesting and instructive. He thought oil occasions like that it was not wise for the Chairman to make a lengthy address, and he would therefore simply introduce to them the Rev. Charles Clark, for whom he claimed a cheerful reception. (Applause.) , The Rev. C. Clark (who was greeted with warm applause) said he thought there were few names in the range of English literature wider or more familiarly known than Oliver Goldsmith. Amongst the poets of his time there was only one to compare with him—the amiable and accomplished Cowper—and even be hardly pleased so large a circle. Alike in prose and ' poetry, while fame was of the highest, so was : it of the most enduring character. Wherever he was known he was loved, not, however, for any thing heroic, sublime, or of godlike inspiration in him, but because an enlarged acquaintance with his life, while it revealed many blemishes which were but of the surface, revealed also his largeheartedness and human nobility of soul. The father of Oliver was the Rev. Chas. Goldsmith, who, having married, obtained curacy at Pallas in Ireland, and^ lived 'pasting rich on forty pounds a year. The 'man of black," conspicuous in Goldsmiths essays, graphically sketched the character ®f that tether, and his poetical description in the " Deserted Village" was equally just. (The rev. gentleman here recited these pieces, and was' loudly applauded.) In the humble home at Pallas, Oliver, the third child and second son, was born on the 5th of November, 1728. A year after the family circumstances were greatly_ im proved by his father's removal to a rectorship of £200 a year at Kilkenny West, situated near Lesran—the Auburn of the "Deserted Village. At the age of three the poet's education proper began at the dame's school of the village, and though the dame declared he was the dullest boy in the school, yet it was her boast in her old age that she had- been the first to put a book into Oliver's hands. At six he came under a peda gogue of more suitable land—an old soldier of Queen Anne's wars, who professed to teach reading, writing, and arithmetic, and whoso mind was stored with many legends of battles and old heroic deeds, and who was also a poet whose tales were recited in impromptu verse. It was easy to under stand how a lad of Oliver's imaginative mind would be in his element with such a teacher, and how his poetic fancy would be cul tivated to the neglect of the three R's Paddy Burke professed to teach. (Mr. Clark then recited Goldsmith's lines on the village school master. Applause.) Afterwards Oliver went in succession to various grammar schools, in which he managed to scrape together a fair amount of classical knowledge. His was not a haptiy childhood, for he was shy and sensitive, in which " the child was father to the man." He is described as having been short, with thick set limbs, plain-featured even to ugliness, and scarred by smallpox. Schoolboys are never^pro verbial for considerativeness, and^the mortifica tion the poet was subject to at this period of Ms life may have laid the ground of the morbid , sensitiveness of his later years, which had boen-i unjustly ascribed to vanity. He was a sharp : boy, however—the leader at school of games of j ball and at robbing orchards; and what might be called his " differential energy" was exhibited in that whoever else got off he by no chance escaped detection in these latter frolics. He was also open-handed with his money, and never could keep any, as was illustrated in his well known mistake at the house of Squire Feather stone, which afterwards suggested the plot of "The Good-natured Man." Oliver's backward ness as a scholar, together with the poverty of his father, seemed to doom him to be appren ticed to some mechanisal trade. But an uncle who saw that he possessed gifts saved him from fh?H by procuring him a sizarship in Tiinity College, Dublin. A sizarship was not the best opening for a nice young man. The dress, similar to that of the Bluecoat School boys, was not likely to be congenial; while the duties, which consisted of the most menial offices, were not of a cheerful character. The privileges were board, lodging, and education gratis, the food having been said to be the leavings of the dons, which, however, would not he so bad if the dons were fed as well as they were reported to' be in some other colleges. Kirke White was also a sizar at Cambridge, but his position was not gratuitously embittered to him• while Oliver was unfortunate in having as tutor a stern disciplinarian, who increased his recklessness, and at the sometime made him the object of incessant vituperation. This, added to his constitutional indolence, made him a lounger,-as Johnson bad been before. He joined in many pranks, mid notably in ine of rioting, in which some hwliflte were pumped upon. This caused the expulsion of some, but with exceptional good fortune Oliver escaped with a repnmaaiL Thin sobered him, and led him to work hard. He narrowly escaped getting a scholarship, but got an exhibition of 80s., tenable for one year. (Laughter.) Now having come into bis fortune ■be determined to live to the extent of it, and gave a parly to knock down the 80s. In Hie of &e; conviviality the dreaded tutor appeared, and knocked him down. But in this there was a "toomuchness," and . .in the words of Artemus Ward this "toomuchness led him to grind up the lions of his mind, and depart thence"—(laughter)—with the intention of going to America. But after various mishaps he returned to big mother—now a widow—and his brother Henry having effected a reconciliation with the dignities Oliver returned to College. Left short of money by the death of his father, Goldsmith is said to have composed short ballads which he sold to the street singers of Dublin; it is also said that he used to go out at night to derive pleasure in listening to his dittieB being chanted. At a little over 20 he took his B. A. degree, and having got all he could expect he at once left the College, where he had given little indication of the possession of those great powers he afterwards displayed. " What shall we do with him ?" now became the great question with the home authorities. His brother " or mother could not keep him, and he was per fectly indifferent to doing anything to support himself. (Laughter.) Of course now that they regarded him as a confirmed ne'er-do well, they thought of the Church—(laughter) —but to Oliver's credit he it said that he raised the strongest objections to such a course upon "the ground primarily of personal unfitness; then from a desire for .travel and a disinclination for restraint. So he con tinned- at home—in the summer fishing in the streams around, and in the winter telling tales in the public- house parlour, exhibiting in himself the prototype of Tony Lumpkins. Pre sently he made another start for America, which ended in a return to his mother, after havinp sent her a humorous description - of his mishaps. (Mr. Clark here read the letter he wrote.) Presently he determined on study ing for the law, and having been fitted out by his uncle, he started for Edinburgh, bidding farewell to the scenes of his childhood he was destined never to see again. How different an experience from that he had expressed preference for in the lines the lecturer proceeded to recite. (Applause.) His habit of blundering stuck to him in Edinburgh. Amongst other things he took lodging haphazard, and having deposited his trunk, he went wandering about the town, not remembering until night that he knew neither the name of the landlady nor the street in which she lived. (Laughter.) During two years in Edinburgh Oliver does not seem to have done much in preparing for his pro fession, but he established the reputation of a good fellow and a pleasant companion. His kindly nature the lecturer illustrated by the notable instance of his giving away his bedclothes to a poor widow and her children, and literally getting into bed by sleeping in the mattress. (Laughter.) With the consent of his uncle, who still believed in his genius, he left Edinburgh for Leyden to study Latin. Bent on distinguishing himself in some wav after many difficulties he be lieved the time to have arrived for him to begin the tour of Europe on foot. He continued wandering about for a long time, his philoso phie vagabond in "The "Vicar of Wakefield" (which the reverend gentleman recited) being the description of this part of his life. He visited Paris, Italy, and at Padua is sup posed to have token his medical degree. But his uncle died, and he determined to turn his face home. But now com menced his greatest difficulties, mid supporting himself sometimes by flute-playing, and some times by disputing in the universities, he " fought his way from city to city, examined mankind more nearly, and saw both sides of the picture." Arrived in England, for a while he was a strolling player . with veiy indifferent success; then a journeyman assistant to a small chemist; then twice an usher in a school, which was not an exhilirating posi tion if the catalogue Geo. Primrose gives (which Mr, Clark most amusingly rendered) is a true description of its requirements. At present he did not depend upon literature as a piofession, and if he had known the condition of authors : his voluntary dependence upon it for support : would have been one of the most foolish acts of his life. Only gradually was a consciousness "of his' own strength for authorship forced upon him. He began practising medicine on his own. hook, and Dr. Dattie met him ; resplendent in a green velvet suit with gold. trimmings. A journeyman printer intro duced him to Richardson, the publisher and novel-writer, who employed turn to read" and correct proofs alternately with his medical duties. He became extremely poor, often having to wander at night homeless and hungry; yet even then he had a heart to sympathize with misery not his own. (The rev. gentle man recited some -of Goldsmith's lines in proof, and was warmly applauded.) He now became engaged to Griffiths as a hack writer, and was badly enough off, having to | write from 9 till 2, and often far into the night, on subjects selected by Me employer—an into lerable misery to an indolent man—who patehed ' and altered with Mrs. Griffiths' help, who also thrust her skinny fingers into the literary department. But Oliver lived through it all, and gradually things improved. He had a marvellous knack of hoping, and presently other publishers wanted a willing writer, and other authors welcomed him as one amongst , them—Johnson being one who did so. Just at ; this time the "Citizen of the World" appeared, ! many of the essays in wMch will never be for- i gotten so long as the language lasts. John Foster claims for Goldsmith generally, and for these letters specially, a deeper and more serious wisdom than is generally attributed to them. Goldsmith now entered new lodgings, and began to receive visits of ceremony, and to give entertainments to literary visitors. Dr. Johnson visited him, got up regard less of expense, that he might no longer ] be encouraged in his slovenly habits by i the Doctor's example. The acquaintance thus ! begun ripened into ardent friendship, and though of different tempers and dispositions they loved each other well. Sir Joshua Rey nolds also became his friend, and out of these meetings of authors arose the famous Literary Club. Johnson soon found his goodness of heart and practical sympathy taxed by his friend. Once he found him arrested for debt by his landlady, and to obtain funds fer his release sold a novel wMch Goldsmith had written, and wMch was "The Vicar of Wake field," for £60, "A sufficient price, too," said the Doctor, " for then Goldsmith was not famous." (Having quoted tributes of praise passed upon the book, Mr. Clark read the first chapter.) Before the work was printed, the greatest crisis in Goldsmith's literary career, had been reached. He published "The Traveller," wMch at once raised him to an eminent position as a poet and author. Macaulay highly praises this poem, and says that in Goldsmith's works generally the plan is bad and the execution good; but in this the plan is good; and the execution, excellent as it is, comes helow it. His success as a novelist now led. him to try the drama, and he produced the "Good-natured Man," wMch was received coolly, thongh it did not deserve to be. But Oliver got £500 from all sources in connection with it. After this Johnson had no need to complain of bis toilet, for he exMbited the most extravagant and fierid taste in dress. He took fresh apartments, furnished them magnificently, patronised his tailor largely, and indulged — Reynolds —J T~' in jollification with Reynolds and Johnson. His love of dress was a pardonable vanity. When a man is in love he is sure to bloom out somewhere, and Goldsmith blossomed out in dress. He had just become acquainted with" a charming Devonshire family, and the Jessamy Bride had greatly fascinated him. And she also appeared hit hard, for she remained unengaged until a year after Goldsmith's death. Lbve was a very nice thing, ; but if its logical outcome were marriage, it was not difficult to see how such a man as Goldsmith would shrink back from this result, for his un settled, thriftless habits were opposed to the ; order of married life, though it is impossible to tell what hopes he may not have had. His " Deserted "Village" now appeared, wMch was equal in talent, if not in versification, to the "Traveller." Soon after "She Stoops to Conquer" was brought out at Covent Garden, and all parts of the house were in a roar of laughter till the close of the piece. He was also writing a vast number of other works wMch, if they have not brought him fame, did what was very valuable, brought him money at the time. But troubles accumulated, and at last his health began to fail, and he had no comforter in his hours of pain and misery. His friends of the literary Clnb did not know of his distress or they would have been ready to help Mm at any cost. On the 7th March, 1774, he was pros trated by a malignant internal disease. At first-hopes were entertained of his recovery, but the fever increased, and on the 14th April he died of violent fever, aggravated by distress and , anxiety of mind. When Burke heard of it he burst into uncontrolable weeping. Reynolds put down his pencil, and did not return to his study for the day—a thing he had not been known to do in instances of family bereavement. The stairs of his chambers were lined with women who came to weep for one who had been kmd to them. He had told now all that was known of that closing scene. But whoshall say how clearly tMngs showed them selves to Goldsmith's view through the medium of approaching dissolution? Ho one was better informed than he; no one would see more clearly than he the failure there was in life when fame and sensuous pleasures had been the objects of the soul's chief hopes. Scott's —was the secret of life t^alL !§ieyymight never , hope to possess Goldsmith's genius or fame, yet let them exercise Ma kindly virtues while they perceived and shunned his follies and weaknesses, and by the cultivation in subjection to God of the powers He had given, they would escape many of the ills of Goldsmith's life, and in parting leave behind a name un sullied, and a memory beloved and revered for the excellencies by which their life had been adorned. " Be good, sweet friends, and, let who will be clever, Do noble ..things, not dream them all day long. And so make life, death, 'and that vast for ever One grand sweet song." (Great applause.) The Rev. J. L. Pabsons, in moving a vote of thanks to the lecturer and Chairman, remarked that as a specimen of brilliant and .sustained oratory, and unfaltering and uUfailing memory, the lecture had no parallel in his memory. (Applause.)' He"also remarked that with one exception Mr. Clark had contributed more than any person to the funds of the' North Adelaide Baptist Church, for which they were excessively grateful, having also a lively expectation of favours to come. (Applause.) The Rev. Thos. James, in seconding, said that by the marvellous.condensation and clearness of the lecture he had been able to treasure up facts concerning Goldsmith that he could not other wise have gathered but -by weeks of study, and he could say that "Mr. Clark, like the subject of his lecture, established his reputation wherever he went as a very good fellow. (Laughter.) He had been privileged to hear him before, and wherever he went he was, first and fore most, a preacher of the blessed GospeL He had never heard him without receiving from him some spiritual gift. They all joined most heartily and cordially in the vote of thanks, and he was sure he represented that vast audience in joining with Mr. Parsons in the wish that they should soon have the pleasure of again seeing Mr. Clark in Adelaide. (Applause.) The motion was carried with enthusiasm. The Rev. C. Clabk—I can only say, in ackowledgment of the kind expression of your feelings, that it has been to my mind an equal gratification to give the lecture as it can have wen to yours to receive it. T am always glad tc ineet my friends, and I think as reason ably pleased to hear my own tongue going as any other. (Laughter.) . You have been gratified through my words, and I by the exercise of my gifts, for which I have so little exercise at home. (Laughter.) I came here for a holiday, and as usual, when I visit Adelaide, got about 25 per cent, more work; so departing on the morrow I find the old prestige has been sus tained, and I have not been permitted to rust. God bless you, good friends. Good night. (Applause.) The Mayor also responded. The meeting then separated. 