UEW INSOLVENTS. Monday, July 29th. . William Kenevan, of Sydney, lato of Wil cannia, publican. Schedule and statement under Rule 20, Ac, to be filed on or before the 19th of August next. Thomas Irvine, 42, 'of South Head-road, boot' and shoe-maker. Cause of insolvency : Depres sion of trade, and pressure of creditors. ? Lia bilities, £1225 19s. Id. ; assets, £610 lfls. ; aenciency, *tua 3s. la. Edward Foot, carpenter, Hill End. Cause of insolvency : Bad debts and losses by eoiitracts. Liabilities,' £130 3s. 4d. ; assets, £158 8s. Tuesday, July 30th. James Maloney, of Bbwa'rnville, Nambuccra River, -farmer. 'Cause of insolvency: Losses of crops by floods, and pressure of a creditor. Liabilities, £187 lls. 2d. ; assets, £70 10s. ; deficiency, £111 Is. 2d. Robert Stobo Gregg, of Green Valley, Tam baroora, storekeeper. Cause of insolvency : Losses in trade, and pressure of creditors. Lia bilities, £1052 5s. Id. ; assets, £790 Os. 3d. ; deficiency, £262 4s. lOd. Miss Maggie Oliver. — This accomplished artiste, and about the greatest favourite that ever appeared iipon tho ..boards of pur local theatre, has again come amongst us, and it will be seen by our advertising columns that she makes her rd-appearanee with an entirely new company at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night. Miss Oliver if as one of the actresses that caused tho drama to be nlayed in this city, and first appeared here on -the 5th Feb ruary, 1870, and continued with nearly the same company for twelve months, drawing together large houses. Since she left, Miss Oliver has been a star and great favourite at Gulgong and Sydney, and if there was before leaving here any room for improvement, it will bo found that improvement has been made. We expect to see Miss Oliver meet with a hearty welcome ' from her old admirers. Presentation.— On Tuesday evening, the members of tho No. 3 Battery, Volunteer Artil lery, presented their drill-instructor, Staff Sergeant Myers, with a testimonial, consisting of a purse of sovereigns and an address. Tho following is a copy of the address : — ' To Staff-Serneant Myers. — Dear Sir — -Having learned with rogret of your contemplated re moval to Sydney, we, the members of tho No. 3 Battery Volunteer Artillery, cannot allow this opportunity to pass, without evincing for you that esteem in which you were held by us. From your arrival in Newcastle, your career.'asa citi*' zen and a' soldier, has been deserving of the highest encomiums, and your connection with our battery has beeu a marked success during the seven years you held the position of drill in structor; and in which period you discharged your duties successfully. In . presenting you with this purso of sovereigns and address, we are actuated by feelings of .regard for your per sonal health, and, whilst taking leave of you, beg to express our desire that you may meet with success in your future undertakings. Signed on behalf of the Artillery Battery-^— Q.M.S. Kiekaldv, Treasurer; Sergeant Hud son, Secretary ; Sergeant Aooae, Corporal W. Wells, Committee. December, 1870.' To this, Staff-Sergeant Myers read the following reply : — ' To the Members of 'the Volunteer Artillery Uattery. — Gentlemen — Accept my warmest thanks for the handsome testimonial and accom panying address which you have presented ^no this evening. I scarcely believe that I km en titled to such an act of kindness at your hands as that demonstrated on this occasion, for my humble exertions to forward th« interests of the ? No.' 3 Battery. It affords me much pleasure to accept 'your present,, which will, in future times, serve to remind me of the many pleasant days I have enjoyed amongst you, and likewise, of the generous-hearted friends I left in your city on nyr.removal to Sydney, but for.whose prosperity^ though separated, I have a great desire for'. In conclusion,' I again return you my thanks for your geoferosity to me, and shall state, that it1 will bin ray constant wish to see your. battery%i, prosper — which consummation is a ' certainty,' seeing that the corps is composed of such good and willing volunteers. -Yours rery faithfully. Stafl-Bergeant Mykiw.' \ , ? . '; ' ' / - . t . Police Coubt.— There has -been very little business before the Polico- court for the past two days! On Tuesday, the Police Magistrate and Mr. Parheli; J.P.', attended, but the only busi ness, brought before, them was the disposal of one driinlcard, who 'was discharged, and a 'foul mouthed individual, who was fined five shillings.-. Yesterday, the Police Magistrate saTiWJhe: Two sailors, for being' . drunk, ? were .fined ; one of them was fined 20s.,. for kicking a ''con stable while in the exeoution of his, duty -., A seaman named Hicks, charged with' being ab sent from his ship, the Moonta, without leave, was sent on board. , » Lunatic AeYLUM.-eOii' Wednesday1 evening, an amateur cancprt. and drnmntin -nerfnrmnn/.i. took place at_ the above institution for the ainusa ment of the imbeciles. During the earlier part of the evening several. songs and comic pieces were given, and after an interval, a burlesque, ' Tho Ghost,' was performed. Those for whoso amusement tho .entertainment was, intended seemed to enjoy it very much. Furious Ridino. — On Saturday last, an acci dent, the result of furious riding, occurred in Station-street, Waratah. Our informant tells us that three men were riding along the road at a furious pace, and ware met; by two. others coming at an equally rapid pace in an opposite direction, A collision was the result, and two ; of the parties thrown, but neither' ,bf them ? was seriously hurt. Persons in the vicinity:who noticed the accident*' promptly rendered, )»tsiat^t 8JU»i/. VlU.HUTAri tun V/.U,;,; ,iui ' , 