A GHOST STORY. LOBD BROUGHAM tells the following ghost story of his father :—"On all subjects my father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and he used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have been a very pretty ghost story. He had been dining in Dean's Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his intimate friend, Mr. Calmel. There was some talk about the death of a Mrs, Nightingale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been buried in the abbey. Some one offered to bet,that no one of those present would go down into the grave and drive a nail into the coffin. Calmel accepted the wager, only.stipulating that he might have a lantern. He was accordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and there left to himself. The party, after waiting an hour or more for Calmel, began to think something must have happened to him, and that he ought to be looked after : so my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. He was quickly transported to the prebend's dining-room and recovered out of his fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue he said,«Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin ; but, by Jove! the lady rose up, and laid hold of me, and pulled me down before I could scramble out of the grave." Calmel stuck to his story in spite of all the scoffing of his friends ; and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town but for my father's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular inspection of the grave and coffin; and so, getting a light, he and some of the party returned to the grave. There, sure enough, was the nail, well driven into the coffin; but hard fixed by it wasa bit of Mr. Calmel's coat-tail! So there was an end of Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. This grave afterwards became remarkable for a very beautiful piece of sculpture, by some celebrated artist, representing Mr. Nightingale vainly attempting to ward from his dying wife the dart of death." 