DOCTRINE, DOGMA, AND TEACHING. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In reply to your correspondents' letters in Saturday's Register, allow me to say that in affirming that the words "doctrine," "dogma," and "teaching" are respectively of Latin, Greek, and Saxon derivation, it was not my intention to infer either that the roots corresponded precisely in meaning or that the derived words necessarily possessed an equality of meaning. Etymology is not a safe guide to the significance of words in common use. Because these words "doctrine," "dogma," and " teaching," as referring to the same thing, sound so differently to the common ear, being derived fromthreedistinct languages, they arenot therefore necessarily divergent in their present usage. This is the idea I meant to convey. Books of a scientific or hermeneutical character which treat of theological subjects employ the words "dogma" and "dogmatic" as "virtually synonymous" with "doctrine" and "doctrinal." As instances in proof, I quote the first sentences of the introduction to Martensen's "Christian Dogmatics," being voL xii. of the Fourth Series of " Clark's Foreign Theological library:"— " Dogmatic theology treats of the doctrines of the Christian faith held by the community of believers; in other words, by the Church. A confessing and witnessing Church cannot be conceived to exist without a definite sum of doctrines or dogmas." In Bohn's series of Neander's Works two of the volumes are entitled "History of Christian Dogmas;" in the preface written by Dr. Jacobi the word "dogmatic" as the.synonym for "doctrinal" constantly occurs. In the list of contents these headings are given—" History of Dogmas defined, the relation of the History of Dogmas to other cognate branches of study," &c.;, &c.; Dr. Neander therefore uses the word "dogma" as being "virtually synonymous" with "doctrine." In my last perusal of Alford's Greek Testament Commentary (not read with any relation to this point) I noticed the following comment on 1st Corinthians vi. 11:—" Ye were sanctified (not in dogmatic sense of progressive sanctification, but so that whereas before you were unholy, by the reception of the Holy Ghost you became dedicated to God and holy)." Here "dogmatic" is manifestly equivalent to " doctrinal." I have cited these references as confirmatory of the accuracy of my statement in the address. I am, Sir, &c.;, SILAS MEAD. Vestry, Flinders-street, Sept. 23. ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS effectually relieved by the use of Datura Tatula, for ''in a most fearful attack of Asthma Lord Dunsany had scarcely smoked the Datura Tatula for more than a minute or so, when the symptoms abated, and in ten minutes more he was relieved wonderfully. He told me he had used it for years with the most perfect success. Certainly the inhalation had the most magical effect I ever witnessed."—Dr. J. MeVeagh. "I have never known an instance in which relief was not obtained."—Ge.nl. Alexander. Sold as tobacco, in tins; cigars and cigarettes, in boxes. Sold in pastilles for inhalation, by Savory & Moore, 143, New Bond-street, London, and all Chemists and Storekeepers. ^ #ER CINCHONA.—Cinchona, from which the sulphate of Quina is obtained, offers special advantages over all other vegetable tonics, and as an internal remedy is the most highly esteemed and generally employed tonic in the whole Materia Medica. Great care having been bestowed to ensure purity of the ingredients, Bickford's Quinine Wine will be found equally safe and effective for young and old. To the invalid and those suffering from debility this is the safest and most reliable tonic that can be taken for creating an appetite—a wineglassful before meals. The benefits resulting from its use in Periodic Rheumatism, Headache, Neuralgia, and all instances of Disordered Digestion, are certain. Sold by Storekeepers, and retailed in every Hotel throughout the Colony, 2s. 6d. and 4s. 6d. per bottle. — Note the Address—A. M. BICKFORD & SONS, 19, Hindley- street, Adelaide. 208thcv 