THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOAH'S AEK Br Mabcds Clarke. DoL—'* Nay, but listen to him, cousin Bobin—The fellow has a humorous strange collection of oddities. For the laying out of* tester he will sweetly disoourte you by the hour together. His biain-psn is a very Noah's Ark—there "re spe Cmens in it of all the binls, beasts, and ainoe the creation 1" —The Maid of Bristol. Noab,—"I wonder If anybody will ever write another novel like Clarissa Barlow." Falx.—" Heaven forbid! I have religiously plodded through that dreary book, because of Macaulay's ridiculous laudation of it. You remember bis preposterous statement about the Governor General borrowing the work from a district judge, and setting British India mad to read the only copy." Mars ton.—"In India people will read any thing. But Macaulay was ever in extremes of praise or blame. If he fancied a book he forthwith asserted that 'every schoolboy'most appreciate its beauties." Noah.—" You know what Lord Melbourne said—'I wish I was as snre of anything as Tom Macaulay is of everything.'" Myself.—" Well, as a love story Clarissa is readable, if you skip a good deaL The motive of the novel, however, has always seemed to me to be unsatisfactory. Why on earth did Lovelace make such a villanous ass of him self ? The girl would, with a little manage ment, have married him eagerly enough; and if his profligateship would not brook legal bonds, was there not the Fleet and hedge parsons galore ?" Falx.—"What do you consider the best love story of modern times ?" Noah.—" Adam Bede, without donbt, and then The Newcom.es" Myself.—" Yon wonld hardly call The Newcomes a love story?" Noah.—" Yes. The book is built upon Olive's love for Ethel What a magnificent book it is! Society is dissected in it." Marston.—" I am not in society, so I can't 8ay anything abont that, but I can admire Colonel Newcome." Vermis.—" By the way, did you ever com pare the death of Colonel Newcome with the death of the old bnnter in Cooper's Last of the Mohicans ? Both gentlemen take leave of life in almost identically the same words.'' Marston.—" Vennis, you are Intolerable with your plagiarisms. If you mean to say ' that Thackeray stole from Cooper " Vermis.—" I don't mean to say anything of the kind. I merely point to facts. Read the descriptions for yourself," Myself.—'"Pendennis seems to claim the title of a 'love story' with more justice." Falx.—"On account of that abominable Lanra. That young woman is the incarna tion of the 'Respectable.' She developed into a Mrs. Hobson Newcome in after life, I am sure. A friend of mine, who says quern things, vows that he wonld like to take Laura to Paris, and plunge her into the wildest debauchery—just to elicit a sentiment of human weakness." Myself.—"Why Paris?" Falx.—"It is supposed, young man, that Vice is there refined into an Art" Marston.—"True, the French are more delicately wicked than we are. The great coarse English love coarse revels. Our rakes I smoke strong tobacco, mid swill beer, roaring like Firmilian's lion at the Your Frenchman has his vices as pepper to life's oyster. Compare any account of a debauch written by an Englishman with that marvel Ions dinner given by TaiUefer to Raphael Valentin, Rastignac, Canalis, Bixiou, and company." Noah.—•"There is something very whole some in wickedness. I am sure that Tiberius Caligula, Ivan, and Gilles de Rets did good in their generation.". Marston.—" I know what you mean, but I think that the gentlemen who strangled Mr. de Retz did a greater good." Kyfax."—"Poor madmen! A dark house and a chain would have been better soiled to their disease. I think in a few hundred years or bo our surgeons will have taken the pW of our olergy. What is the use of preaching the gospel of self- denial to such a monster as Ivan the Terrible, for instance ?" Mareton.—" I have an admiration for that lunatic, he was so ingenious. You remember his entertainments with the Boyarda? He wonld get a dozen of those honest fellows together, and amputate a joint from a limb of each. Then the greatest attention was paid to them-. They were sustained with the most nourishing food, and the most skilful surgeons dressed their stumps. By and bye they were sufficiently recovered to Ioee joint. At last, nothing remained but a row of armless, leglam txnnka, which Ivan put to death with protractedtortures." Noah*—"Great heavens! Imagine a man's feelings on the morning when his *"feop told hhh that he was well enough to lose his feat jpiutl". -a wwnis Marston.—"The amiable Russian used to have some of hisfrienda vivisected. He would walk throngh his priacmam and say, 'Good, we will trepan 1hia gentleman. • Upon this one, we wUl operate as tar stone. Number three there, withtbeyoongwifeclinging to Mm, will serve admirably, doctor,to illustrate your theory concerning the use of the pan creas ; we will cat him up this afternoon.' &h; l it is an awful thing to bean autocrat" Noah.—" Yes, I should imagine that one wonld hefor ever toying how far one cotOi go, £g»Pitation to-day, the rack to-morrow, boiling oil next week, impalement not month—and so, by easy stages, one arrives at vivjseption. .Absolute power is a re sponsibility too heavy for mere mortals. Meat automate havebeoomeinsane." de Rete was undoubtedly »«h - He was a vary good fellow Mre fcp Ms tnstle and exercised «dcup«« ofbi* Ifehef empower pwSamed hteteaaoajandiiteimidniwswM*^!^^!^?^ j those two incarnate fiends, Messire Jean and Francisco Prelati He murdered, by methods ; too ingeniously horrible to be spoken of, no less than 126 boys and girls, &U; under 18 yean of age. There is a criminal for you, if you like 1" Myself.—"There is no crime conceivable by man but which has been already committed on this earth, and will be committed again." " You are terribly right!" said that strange fellow Pontifex, in his sad voice. Mars ton.—" It is curious how the breaking upof afine mind is almost always accompanied by cruelly to those whom the madman had most tenderly loved. The first thing that a man who becomes suddenly mad thinks of doing is to beat his wife and children. I have ever neld Hamlet's violence to Ophelia and slaughtering of Polonius (he knew deuced well it was not the King who was behind the arras) to have been one of the proofs of his insanity." Kyfax.—" There should be no question of proof. Anybody who sees a ghost twice must be insane." Noah.—" Hush! Mr. Dumboy is a Spiritist, and sees ghosts by dozenB daily." Kyfax.—"He is in the garden, and can't hear us." Mareton.—" Dumboy a Spiritist! The last man in the world I should have thought capable of such folly. One can understand weak-minded enthusiastic folks indulging in such nonsense, but Dumboy —that self seeking, hard-headed, cold- blooded man of the world. It seems extraordinary." Kyfax.—"Ab, you don't study human na ture. Dumboy is jnst the very man to believe in the spirit rubbish—aye, and clinR to it with a martyr's fervour. Can't you see why ? The man has been disappointed in his life. He wanted to be a Great Man, and he is not. It is the most natural thing in the world that he sbonld fly to a creed which tells him that his soul shall go about arm-in-arm with that of Shakspeare, and that by self-denial and good deeds he can achieve immediate inter course with the spirits of Bacon and Dante. Moreover, I fancy Dumboy's re-awakened am bition has its eye npon a well-tithed high priesthood, and a cosy temple in the Gipps Land ranges." Noah.—" You are severe upon the professors of Spiritism. From what I have seen of them they are very good, well-meaning, harmless people." Kyfax.—"Ob, harmless enough. That is their characteristic. Read the biography of their saints—look around yon upon the sect as it appears here amongst us. Of what materials is this wonderful army of world regenerators composed? Of purblind judges, already in tbeir second childhood; of hyste rical men, with brains weakened by habitual drunkenness; of barren women, prompt to all the hallucinations which accompany an ab normal physical condition; of moping maids; of 'lively' widows who brood regretfully npon their short period of married life; of 'inspired ploughmenof apostate prieste; of Imagina tive men, whose only care is to see and hear some new thing. And we are asked to accept the ravings 6f these invalids in place of the logic of Voltaire, Gibbon, and Bnckle! We are required to believe that, through theagency of tbeir dining tables and commodes, they have discovered a philosophy as true as that of Jesus or of Plato! I wonder that a man of talent like David Blair has condescended to argue with snch people." Mareton.—"That monstrouspieoeof moan tebankery which took place at the Town- hall did more to open the eyes of the pnblic to the folly of the whole business than 50 columns of Argus correspondence. Thinking people— who were quite ready a few months ago to argnethe question—are now disgusted with the Jack-Pad ding attitude of its championB, and set down the ' Revelation * in the same category as the * Gospel' of Joe 8mitb, the dropsical rumblings of Mrs. Southcote, or the gastric fever of Saint Teresa Sanchez." Kyfax.—" I read in an American paper the other day that Algernon Swinburne had been converted to Spiritism." Mareton.—" I don't believe it. By the way, there is the Poet Laureate for mon&rcha; of Ivan the Terrible's sort! How joyfully the author of Poems and Ballads would have composed odes npon the dying Boyards, and revelled in absolute luxury of blood, foam, and pangs!" Kyfax.—"Yet Algernon has grasped the id[ea that pain livee in pleasure—and it is something, to grasp an idea of any sort now adays. Yon remember his ' Love make* those who know him well As wise as Heaven, and crueller than hell? " Vermis.—" Bah! another plagiarism." Mareton.—" From whom, thou ghoulf Vermis.—" From Heine. The first poem in that brilliant Jew's Buck der Lieden contains Mr. Swinburne's idea elaborated. Now, Waina ! lived before Swinburne." Noah.—"The volume is in the bookcase behind you, Mareton. Take itand read." Kyfax.—*' The rich German thought will be bald enough in English prose, I expect. Para phrase it, Mareton." Mareton.—"I'll try, if you wish it, butt do not pique myself en en intimate knowledge of German." THE SPHINX-RIDDLB. 1. The fabled fairy wood it night's high noon: The wondSSffiwbi tosptond our finohsntemysonll ' ' i • . Wist mystte mnrio through the forest rings, Ti» t^lone'nightlngsie, Who sobs end sings'' . ,jOf ioyp, end of love's woe. 1 Bbs sings ber ssd reftein of lovers' wiles . . .Inpfestest tOn H that ell of sadoess take,1 Rh« diuxjb! lora tad took Pf tern And • msl vtot driSmsaWks l ' ./■V-'-1"' j.'v' a ' Onwyql * •Jul t&ho;*. (Kf I »; ,nil •>{) • It seems a$ iSSUrDetih kMh? blhoiitfMiM wftllie ■H'i «. A carven Sphinx In doorway 11m at length. Ah beauteona terror, neither beait nor human. While claw* and body boaat a lion'* strength, Thy breait l* Woman! 7. 0 Woman I Woman terrible and fair I Those eyes unwinking shine with passion's fire, Those silent Ups are carved—half a* in prayer, Half a* in wild desire 1 S. Dost bear the nightingale ? She sings, she sings Of love and woe, of agony and bliss. Passion her veil upon my spirit flings. The stony lips I kiss. 9. 1 kiss I The marble glows I O Love I O Death 1 Her lips on mine my kisses quiak return I Fieroely she drinks my kisses! drinks my breath ! I suffocate! I swoon I I bum! 10., 8he clasps me closer with her lion's paws, My body bleeds, my spirit swims in bliss; S o keen sweet torture of those tearing claws 1 O keener rapture of that murderous kiss I 11. The nightingale lings on: "The mystery ehow, " O beauteous Sphinx thy riddle dark explain— " Why amid all the raptures mortals know " Thou mingleet paint'* 12. " 0 wise one, why in human history " Does sweetest love aye mix with aalteat teats f *' I've tried in vain to solve the mystary ' A thousand years!" Vermis.—" Not badly done. Now, isn't that the key-note to the melodies of your precious Swinburne ?" Noah.—"There is a deeper meaning in Heine's verses. The Sphinx-riddle of pain and love—ah, who can solve it ?" "lean, in two seconds," said Kyfax, pro* dncing the revolver which it was his erratic custom to carry, and placing the muzzle to bis temple. "I am not so sure about thai," said Mars ton. reflectively. " Why should the mere fact of dying render us wise enough' to comprehend the mighty secret of the Universe? I expect we shall be just as much in a fog then as we are now." Myself.—"How ludicrously terrible 'twill be for some poor old hermit, who all his wretched life has starved and tortured his unhappy body, in the slyly sordid hope of an eternity of joy, to die and find Nothing!" Marston.—"Say, rather, howawfuL Anni hilation is bearable, but to awake to nothing* ness! Shelley puts the thought powerfully— "Sweet Heaven forgive weak thought*! If there should be " No God no Heaven, no earth in the void world, " The wide, grey, lamplass, deep, unpeopled world." Do you not shudder at the notion of an empty eternity?" Myself.—" Our thinly-clad intellects will take cold if we venture so far up the mountain. Let us hasten to take refuge by the comfortable fireside of the great 'Don't know.'" Marston. —" It is best, perhaps. The secrets of the grave are in safe keeping; for who has held parley with one risen from the dead? No, Banquo is buried; he cannot come out of bis grave." " You are sure, then, that the spirits of the dead do not revisit us?" asked the sad voice of Pontifex, from ont the gloom. " Sure!" cried Marston; "aye, as sure as of anything in this unstable world. Bat you are no convert to the spirit doctrine—you do not believe in the ghost of Benjamin Franklin's smallclothes ?" " No, I speak of spirits clad in flesh—ghosts who live and move amongst as—ghosts who, tenants of bodies like oar own, mingle in the practical life of this unromantic age, fulfilling a destiny in the accomplishment of which some of as, all unwittingly, may be involved." "What do yon mean?" asked Marston, frowning down an involuntary stare of alarm. : "Did yon never meet one of these embodied ghosts?" said Pontifex. "Were yoa never, when dining in a public room, or walking in a crowd, conscious of the presenoe of something Evil? Have you not known men whose voice, silence, attitude, gait, feature, gave token of crime undetected? These are the ghosts of our modern days. They are with us but not of as. We torn to low after them, and yet avoid them; or, meeting them, we shrink from contact, shuddering we know not why." "Have yon, then,-met one of these living dead ones?" asked Pennisgent. " I will tell yon a story when next we meet, and yon shall judge," said Pontifex. " I call it HUMAN REPETENDS." 