THE INEBRIATE ASYLUM, NEW YORK. This is nn asylum for drunkards, who voluntarily ontor if for tho purporo of abandoning theirdniokou habits, having lost all power of self-control while, subject lo the eveiy-day temptations which sur- round them The trustees of the proposed Inebriate Asylum la Now York have issuod an appeal to the churches Id tho United States and the American public for assistance. Somo of the staterooats aro startling, sb— Who can doubt tho vital importance of such on asylum wheo, oven before its first story is com pleted, applications havo been made for admittance, many of wblcb are from the patients themselv'os 1 Among tbo applicants aro 28 clergymen, 30 physician, 42 lawyers, 3 judges, 12. editors, 4 array and 2 oaval officers, 170 merchants, 05 farmer?, 515 mechanics, and 410 women, most of them ladies. How came all theso to be prostrate and so dis graced? Did they descond -to drunkenness nnd shame with one step, or did they go down by tho daqgeroue stairway of moderation ? Twenty-eight clergyman —men who were. If we believe ibeirprofersionCAlled by tho Holy Ghost to wateh the flock of the faithful and to be them-, selves sentinels and guardians upon tbe walls of Ztoo ; theso meo by the way of moderation, havo fallen— alas how low, 4Thirty-8lx physicians '—men who knew the: danger that lurks in tbo cup of abominable things and yotpnrtook of its unholy and destructive con. tests.' They are prostrate and helpless in the fiendish power of tbe tyrant, which bos bound them In his odaronntino chains. Forty-two. lawyers '—who, by tbe practice of their honourable profession, see often, deep into tbe affairs of others; they bavo turned their knowledge to licentiousness, have disgraced humanity and the bar, aro now sbiveriog ine briates seeking admission into tbo halls and re treats of tho asylum. . 'Three judges '—conservatives of tho peace, purity, and protection of their respective jurisdic tions— men who minister tho law themselves, prostrated against the poor creatures upon whom tbey .executed the- vengeanco of the violated statute, and their ermine dragged In the pollution of Bacchanalian degradation.- ' Twelve editors —meo who, for the sako of the community and themselves ought tonbstaio from, and honestly denounce, any participation In tho demoralising customs of society— they advertised tbo poison in thoir columns, took bribes perhaps, to slander the temperance causo, and fell in o tbo snares they assisted to set for others. And tho srroy and navy seek representatives within the walls of a Drunkard's Asylum. '17® merchants 1'— what horriblo bavoc upon tho; com mercial enterprise, industry, and Intelligence, of the country. ' 65 farmcra who should bavo bcon publicly useful in their day. 615 mechanics' —men who might'hbvo carved out an honourable name, and loft an unsullied reputation. 410 women from tbo high walks of lifo — horriblo-wonis I What a summary. Surely the demand is loud to the pulpit, the plntform. sod the press to stay this plague.— American, Paper. itoma.— A case of somo' Interest, say's a corre' pondent of tho Dal by Herald, has lately occupied the attention of the Roma bench A tnnn named Redford was charged with having stolen a bully. . the supposed property of Messrs. Morehend nnd ; Young, of Bo wen Downs, lie was arrested in N- S. Wales some eight months since under n warrant' issued nt Black all, and after having been remanded ;' about half a dozen times, was discharged for want ; of evidence. Ho wos however again arrested ,f under a fresh warrant, charged with tho same offence, nnd ultimately .brought to Roma after liv nutnorabio remands. After having undergone one examination, he was remanded by tho Police ' Magistrate, G. Liikin, Esq., and Dr. Mornn, J.P. v on application of Sergeant Downto, nnd ndmittl to bail, himsolf in £200, and two sureties ip £100 '/ each. He surrendered in due course, and appeared beforo the bench, composed of ' G. L'ukin, Esq., P.M., Inspector Nutting, J. Robertson, KsqvJ.P., . of Mount Abundance, Dr. Moron, J.P.,nnri JJ V. ' Grsbam, of Eulhulla. After examination, Sergeant Downie applied for another remand, nnd also prayed that bail might he refused ;both applies- tions wero granted. Mr. G J. Blnkeney. wbo -1- Appeared for tho prisoner, enquired the reason why bnil was refused. Mr. Lukln replied, " As I am . ono of tho minority I tad assign no reason.". A .consultation then took place, after which .jMrr'f Graham said, " Aa ono of tho majority, 1 decline to givo a rpason." Application was at once it nde by Mr. Blakcncy to , too Supreme Court, nnd Mr; Justice Lntwyche in granting thercquest.chninvtotv) ised tho action of tho Magistrates as an " unjuMi- . Sable oppression so after ton days' incorieratioh the man was liberated. Tbe ball was, I am in- . . formed, hslf lho original nmouot, . / . . < Tub rather alarming report of .the blacks block- ', ndlng Kondrick's Hotel, as reported by thc.C'uurfcr, /. which appeared In our last issuo, was much exag gerated. Somo drunken blacks demanded liquor, which being refused thoy becamo very i.oisy, th'eatened tbo landlord, nnd broko one of .ijbe. windows with'n tomahawk, but no othor damnge was done. On the police being sent out tbo blacks _ tlccampod with thn greatest precipitation. : Ravages or an Escaped". Rhinoceros. — a, letter from Red. Bird, a small town in'Monme county, Illinois, gives a thrilling account. of. tho ( cscapo from its keepers of tho rhinocuros Ulntig % ing to Warner nnd Co/a monngcrio mid circus ou- tho occasion of its being brought into the ring for, the first time. The showman had prepared the animal for exhibition by attaching to a ring In its; noso two strong wire ropes, and twenty-four men were deemed sufficient to control' tho boast. It. submitted quietly to being tod from the cage, but on entering . tho arena throw "up its head and T plunged madly to the right nnd toft, brokejooso from the men, and dnshed forward through the tents. Its first victim was John piltom, a canvHi man, who wos knocked down, the beStt trampling upon bis breast ; he was killed instantly. U next 1 ran its nnso ogninst Martin Ready, andthcr canvas man, striking bim iu the stomach, ripping out his bowols, nnd killing him. on ' tho spot. Jt thca; mado adnshln tho direction of the , seats, which by this timo were cleared of the spectators, nrnV knockod dowo nearly nll'tha seats on ono side of. the tout, dislocating- the shoulder of nun of the employes and breaking tbo arm of a SpcctaVor.' Ruuniug next into tho menagerie toot, it upaet Mr. Foropnugh'fi tent of performing animals, after which It struck tbe ceotro pole with its bead, bringing it down with & crash upon the cages of ) tho tigor and leopard, but not breaking them ?o v nt to allow tbo nnimols, to eacnpo. Dashing into tho musomn tent, It. broko nil the ruriiu<iite»4 frightoned all tho people In the geigbbourbood, ami rushed out through tbo canvas into the street, finally stopping in a vacant .house, the door of which stood opon.. Hero tbe men succeeded la- capturing .tbe animal and getting it into d cage, r Tbe damage to tho nbow was about $3000. An Earthly Paradise.— A correspondent re cently arrived at Apia sends to tbe Alia. CalU fornia an ehthusinstiq-descriptioir of the Jsvi gntor iKlnnds. Ho says that there aro, porhaps, sixty European bouses in Apiiu " Tbo'group coti.' tolns so area of 2600 square miloa, but this island' is net to bo surpassed for its beautiful cl)piHte,s luxuriant foliage, 'eud richness of soil; Thebighcnt ' ridgo is at nn elevation of not more than 2C00 - feet above tbo jevol of the ' sea, and more tban ' three-fourths of the island are suitable for cuhiviW Hon; Tbo very rocks scorn to bring forth ve£ctiV tion; tbe eyo cannot discover anything but the. beautiful tropical verdure. Spices of nll kindq . are growing spontaneously. The vafi. Jr abouoiV with nutmegs, giuger, curri plant, &c.; \ In sbmisV. pnrts tho ground is coverea with pine a trie,, while tbe.brend fruit, guavit, and other twee (ebd ' a perfect aod delightful shade to. tie 'traveller ' Sunrlso on this lovely spot is uplehfli 1 beyond conception ; thousands of birds sing forth 4 no joy , . of returning day; everything to. filled., with- Hfe;' and Nature seems to have bostowod :moro- th«iii their share of beauty on tbo inhabitants.. -Tho r central position of theso islands point towards, tbem In tho. future as ,bejng tho great. depfit of, commerce io. Polynesia. . . . A Mystery Explained.— If startling <pheoo« irons wore promptly investigated by minds fr'co from superstition and Tear, occurrence# that appear; to have a snpe'rnntoral origin would ofteit fihof oasy solution. Judge Parsons (of Canada) used.; to toil with great xost of au Incident in his.travate- whlcb would > havo furnished food for a whole ; company of villsgo gossips. Hls-wlfe, who seemed mtjen ngltnted, awoke him ono night at a village, inn, and told him that there was a woman" aittlDgj nt tho foot of the bod knitting. The judge'saw the figure as distinctly as his wife, bnt having wf . thought of a supernatural organ- of tho vision, t began to speculate on Its rcalq&use.; Aftor lnok- , ing sharply for a few' minute?, daring which the-, women knitted on with uurufilod composure, bd was sure that he could soo the wall th'rhugh'bef. and that she could' not, therefore, bo substantial flesh and blood. This discovery, which 'might' havo affrighted weaker men, ooly aroused T hit curiosity. He nt once roso'from his Led, and walking to tho foot, saw that no one was there— tho form bad vanished, - Putting, his head pe. nearly as possible in the position whore he had seen tho woman, tho mystery, was at- once "ex plained, He saw a . circular hole in the shutter iwblnd the be»l, through '.which raya of light were streaming, and going to this hole to look tlirough, saw a womdn lo 'a'room on tho' other vMoef tho- street knitting. The hervca of -the wife wore greatly soothed by the discovery, and tbo Inqnto'i. . live spirit of the judge was gratified bV so simple au explanation. of. tho apparition. Many ghopfc stories could bo shorn of. tholr apparently supciv natural character by a cool and carefulluyeftl: gntlon. .... The Point Witii Hiii.— The folibwiog'storr is' attribhtyd to Mf..-OncpJn',lhtof®'P,e®irf.®! Xlnltcd.Stotea :-j»Upbri , fhpb'br/icanV m»cS: of otra' of our. gunboats, ao elderly, darftdy/wittojrilety1 phitosophienl. ahd.re!PVclive c'pf4fiWea, ance, squatted upon Hiri bun'dfe jostinghji stdoq agsiust tho chimnoy, nndoppajently-.pluDgydiu a stato of profound merlltotion, -Fncipg, pu, cn quiiy,'tht>tbe'holoncod"to the'Nintl jlUnof, one of tho most, grtltontly behaved end hcayHy.fnsin); fegiTnOnts at tho Fort Doorsldren; hstrie; hff«n'rt of tvb(ck was abroad, T begab't'o'lnterrNgHtt Wro ,fcupon' tbe "subjod':— "Wre Yotf-'iii HbdHlgblT' "Had a liltIo',ti\ite of 'itsa.' Stoofi joar, ground, .did you?" No,!lsa;,i rfabs.>'.'r,'Bans nt the first fire, did eud would ha' run soda had I knowd It com.IoV' " If oqr soldiers were liko you, traitors, might have .broken up ho government without resistance Yes,' sa ; dar would hnb been no help for It I wofatd not put my life iu the scale 'gainst snv xmrmn ment dateber existed, for uo goveroment 'could replace de loss to roe." " Do you thiux fpymf your company would have missed yoo if you had been killed r "Maybo not, sa; a desd'whito man ain't much to dese sogors, let alnno's dead tiigga; hut I'd a missed myself, und dat' was jlo plat wid roe." \ 