"TYPICAL AUSTRALIANS." On last Wednesday ovcBing, the first of a aeries of leotaros was delivered at the Yass Meohanica' Institute by Mr. Shaw, maator of the Grammar School. Notwithstanding tho iuolemonov nf the weather, there was a largo audionoo. Mr. Allman, tho president of tho Institute, iotroduoed Mr. Shaw, who delivered the followiog lecture ou " Typical Australians:" — Any of you who may bo accustomed to tho taking of shower baths will pity mo at this moment. I am about to pull tho string. But as thcro must bo a commencement —I begin. Tho great master- singer of Germany has asked " What good wero it for me to manufacture perfect iron whilo my own breast is full of dross P" And it is because tho feeling which that question suggests is luckily now-a-days a wide-sproad one that halls such as tho ono we are now assembled in nro erected, occupied, nnd applied to our iatolloctunl benefit as workshops of mental improvement. He whom I havo just quoted has said that ono ought every day at least to hoar a little song, read a good poora, seo a fine pioture, and, if it wero possible, to speak a few reasonable words. Doubtless ho was right. And yot fine pictures, good poems, little songs woil sung — nye, and roasonabie words too — in " this live, throbbing ago that brawls, ohoats, mnddons, calculates," aro luxuries un- oomoatablo by vory many. In the fieroe struggle for social existenoo, tho hoarthstone is oftener the contre of prosaio labour than of tho moro. refined pleasures, and henco thoro is no mean wisdom in tho effort (diotatod by a very general want) to build centres of attraction to which, if not daily, at least not unfrequontly, men and women may como to satisfy their intellectual needs. Here I take it is a very ample hall, well lit and furnished — boyond is a vory fair oolleoiion of books. This hall, often occupied, thoBe books," diligently read, and (in part) Goethe's noble idea would be realised. At all events, all excuse would bo removed even from the poorest for permitting themselves to drivel on through life in sad materialistic fashion, for ever — " Eating clay (Like mon of the west) instead of Adam's corn And Noah's wino. olay by handfals, clay by lumps, Until they're filled up to tho throat with olay, And grow tho grimy colour of the ground .On which thoy aro feoding." This institution is not supported as it ought to bo. I don't wish to opon a hardly hoalod soro. I oonfess that I do not believe in tho wisdom of somo of tho rules which form its constitution. But yet I can't soe or comprehend what reason thoro can be in refusing to avail myself of the positive advantages which (despito regulations to my notions unwise) it so unmistakably offers. Let us would-be reformers attempt ony reforms ns members of the institution rather than as critics from without. Lot us form a libera! opposition within, and soo if we oan't turn the flank of tho conservatives by honest votes and regular subscrip tions, and suoh service ns wo can render it. Steering away for moro open Ben, I will express this hope, that the committee of this institution will not allow paucity of attendance at thoso winter lectures, or any othor reason, to cause their cessa tion. Tho grand thing is to keep thom going— to show tho public that this hall is meant to bo used for tho benefit of tho public, so that if the public won't oomo, it 6hall at least not be said that they woro not asked to tho best class of entertainment which their catcrors could provido ; and 1 trust that tlra lecturers will bo acquitted of egotism in thoir offorts to please. For mysejl I must ask your indulgence. 1 have como with a wish to do my best, end with the hnpo that tho little trnck I may mako across tho plain to-riight may be fol lowed by abler and hotter travellers, until my faint footprints aro obliterated by tlio broad beaten thoroughfare of a much-frequontcd highway. My intontion this evening is to attempt tho delineation, in silhouette fashion, in more shadow outline, of certain classes of individuals who may bo said to bo Australians, distinctively from any other gengrapliioal appellation. By Aus tralians I don't mean thoso only who happen to havo boon horn hero, but those who (from what ever other land they may have come) have cast in their lot hero — who have here all their treasure, interests, and hopes; to give you, as best loan, ihn profiles of real people, of living, existing indi viduals. not oT the ghosts, the phantasms, or tho ideals of tho novelist or poet, but of men who pound nnu another's cattle, of men who desert their wives, of men who build bridgos. 11 lat mining companies — of mon whoso work, good, bad, or indifi'ercnt, is in its lumpsum 'otal helping to form a nation lioro in the southern seas. U'hut is, distinctively Australian is grievously misunderstood outsido of Australia. The trial of Tichhorno a. Lusliington proved that much at all events. Sir linger, tlio claimant (whom 1 still be- : lioveto ha tile veritable Imronot, despite tlio verdict), lias succeeded in rivalling more closely than ever I lira plates oT tlio easing of ignorance which | envelopes the European with reference to matters | Australian. Even hurried Trolloping vi-its of ; great litterateurs don't mend the matter much. ! .Mere surface marks are taken ns evidence of the 1 soil below, and a hurri"d epigrammatic false I thought, ol ten dues duty for a legitimate inference ! from carefully observed facts. But thinkers of j such thoughts, however, arc in tho same boat with undo line ling, when that coarse- speaking worthy 1 " thought a d sinned lie.'' Tlmso Australians, 1 from ' lio oh-ervntinn of whom Englishmen ! g.-nernlly form an opinion of all o'hor An .tralians, | 111 IV he divided into about five eln-.-'e.s : iliiap/wintul ! homc-rt turners, who having met wi ll hnd luck our. ! here, r. v nigc themselves by painting lii dr devil blacker than lie was : or u'tarly l-ad home returners, who, afrar having paradoxically sought a cool temporary shelter in Australian provinces, from a mo'her-la'id inconveniently Imr, havo ro- lurie'd nnee mire, to evmcs their gr.'irulo by ridi oiling tied)' cities id retnge; or purse-proud plutocrats, who do Europe u la Nat, oh, dazzling lliiuiceyd'on by amazing wealth ama/.ingly iil- sfient, nnd confounding respcct-ahiiiiy by snobbish loadyi'm nf comnetred demi-reps, and second-rate I lords; or ili'itfiiiih: tin orisars, nith an eye to a j O. M.I L - li i .. di- eus-ing colonial po'leDs, pn.s.-ihle j disiniegi atoms m the Empire, removals of British I legions, wi ii a most comic gravity; while all the | whil tho co oni'.s ibroh ahead irre.-pi'c'.ivu of their I twaddle -jus: as. I dare-ay, in Liiliptn the lions j went on laving for all the polemical vopouring ! betwixt the iiig-endians and the little-endians. From the quiet, mndo.it traveller, or Konsildo home-returning Au.-ti nlian, little is learned, rather, 1 .should say, the inurp tinsel qualities 0f t;,j olilor Classes are pre-umed, by Europeans to ho tlra heller iieiice.- of wlmt is really Australian. To night my effort will ho to mako a few rough sketches of what I conccivo to he representative Australian classes, classes typical uf tlra good and had elements which aro at work in tlio colonies of New Holland. And I will begin with tlra bad, premising this much, that I uso tho terms " bad ' and "good ' from tlra State standpoint, consider ing tlio-o members of tho community bad who hrir.g no profit to tho commonweal ; thoso good who cast iuto tlra yawning furrows good seed against a futuro harvest. Wnr ily we inusn't nieasuro uucoubb by mere present remit, j' Meu liko Woolley, Wentworth; Bland, Governor I Bourko, and Hume, must trust to the future to bo completely understood, and must bo content to paaa nwny without the full guordon — whieh.howevor lnng delayed, will yet surely oome. For here, ai elsewhere, modest merit is often left in the shade, whiio humbug walks the street receiving a tompnrnry homngo. Theso, then, are my patchwork ideas anent the two utterly " bad " olassos of loafer and needj place-hunting politician. And first for the lonfcr, of whom, as we most of as know to our cost, thoro aro many varieties. The principle which actuates tho loafer in all hia doings is that spirit which is at tho bottom of all troublo nnd ovil under tho sun—the spirit of idle ness. In tho inseot world, if the heo and the ant typify tho industrious. I am sure that you oan find ,no better representative of tho loafer than tho striped bug, of which pest an amusing Amerioan writer has thus written Ho is a moral doubla- ondcr, ironclad at that. Ho is unploasant in two ways. Ho burrows in the ground so that yoa cannot find him, and he flies away bo that you oan- ncit catch him. He is utterly dastardly, in that ho gnaws the stem of tho plant close to the ground, and ruins it without any apparent advantage to himself." Just so is it with tho loafor class, which, for oonvonionoo sake, I would thus sub divide. Into shanty-keepers, town arabs, swags- mon. and froo-selcotors of the wrong stamp. I say free-selectors of tho wrong stamp, because X feel oonvinced that there are hundreds upon hundreds of free seleotors of tho right stamp, who are doing good work in their day and generation, helping on the fabrio of national greatness in theso southern colonies. Now the shanty-keepor is a human devil .fish, or rather a human lobstor — if tho following account of lobster life be true. It is written by a constant watcher of the habita of lobstor society, as seen through the glass walla of an aquarium Down here, in a retired nook. !b a lobster tuking off his claws ond putting off his shell, as a gentleman takes off Iiie boots nnd puts off his clothes upon certain occasions. This lobster, indeed, is expect ing a perfectly now suit of casing, and now, having etrippod himself of tho old, it aoems as if something crossed his mind, such ns a proverb which says, ' Lot not him that taketh off hia armour boast as he that putteth it on.'- He begins to hurriedly arrango tho old shell in front of him by way of breastwork, and to throw up embankments of sand by way of fortification and protcotion ; but a single glanco has sufficed to mako him grow nervous ond bunglo dreadfully, for up yonder aits his own familiar friond. fully enoaaod. watching his move ments with anxious and hungry eye. No sooner is the disarmament complete, and the poor wretoh left without so much shell as would cover a peri winkle, than down comes hia friend with open claws, and— wo say no moro." Hardened lobster feeding on soft lobstor is no bad simile of tho hardened shanty-keeper making an evil living off soft bush- man. I am sorry to say that there are licensed publicans who morally and socially aro not one whit bottor than the ehanty-keopor, and in de scribing the one I shall bo skotohing the other. Tho locality wherein the sbanty-kceper thrives is usually a pastoral one, generally some remote township untroubled by police inspection. A bar (if the owner of the dwelli.ig bold a license), a rough parlour, a few bodrooma. ond a " dead- house," constitute this humnn spider-web. Neat enough outside often. Exterior whitewashed, doors painted, windows curtained— but yet for all that deadly as a charnel-house— a whited sopulohro full of dead men's bones. Fancy a licensed publican with a room specially devoted to over- taken drunkards, I remember ono houso where tho " dead-house," after shearing timo, and when cheques in galore wero undergoing the sweating process, was littered down every morning with fresh straw, into which crept hour by hour poor sottish brutes (lower than thoso which perish) drenched with doctorod grog, to sleep off. if they could, i's aching, rending agony. Inside, a motley sceno enough ; some sleeping, others just waking up, with a hideous craving in their souls, others rosuseiiatod temporarily by the elixir of a drem, squealing out " (With oaths and blnsphomies between) Tho impious song, tho tnle, the jest obscene." In sober truth, a " dead house ! " Hard-workers splitters, foncers. shearers, shepherds flocking to be robbed, to bo " lambed down," to bo hocuesod, fleeced, and ill-trented; not cnco, but year after year, nover learning by exporiencc— and apparently loving the iiand that scourged them— surely a strange fancy that, and yet you know how fatally true is tho reoord of such tilings. " Let mo know when its dono." says the pigeon to the rook, hand ing him at tho same time a cheque representing eight or nine months hard labour. And tho rook is no means backward in informing the pigeon whon it is done. The brotherly lovo with which tho pigeon is received chnngcs into stony coldness when tho picoon is plucked. Poor pigeons ! pray ing when ' fly-blown " fur "just a last nobbier, just ono for tho lovo of God. sir"— nnd rofused. And how did the chequo como to bo " done," when often its rnluo oxouedud tlra vnlue of tlra rook'e whole stoek-in-trade ? Simply enough. Ply your pigeon well with dootored spirit, encourage tho thirst alroady too dcvolopcd with salt herrings and pickles, and il at tho end of n four days' bout he oan check the reckoning — why, ho's no pigeon. " But how on earth could I blew it all in four days," nsks tho pigoon occasionally. " Bless you, soys tho rook," you did shout nnd no mistnko ; all hands — and tlio best in the place." And nine times out of ten the rook's blessing and explanation sntisfiod tho'plucked fool who goes off in senrch of fresh work, satisfied with his spree. Suoh sprees have ruined hundreds of hardworking mon, body and soul. Suoh sprees havo led to many nn awful lonely ending. In the waterless scrub lio many bleaching hones -tho romnins of wretched pigoons " Unknellod, uncoffined, nnd unknown." Next como tho loafer-swngsman, prowling, thiev ing. dastardly ns a black's dog and as uncloan. I know there aro scores of liardy' young fellows ' swagging " it honestly in searcli of honest work — and to such I nin not roferring. My allusion is to tho professional swngsimin, who from year's end to year's end roams tlio country, likejthe enemy of H'-iils, seeking whom ho may devour. Ride up to a squatter's homestead about sundown and you will generally ho able to scrape acquaintance with ono or two or mora of tho loafer-swagsman class. Able-bodied, hulking fellows, most of tlieni, who j have been "coiling" sinco noon in sonra crook or . sheltered nook e invonient lo tho station. "Oan you givo us a job. sir — means, being interpreted in their view — " may wo stop hero to-night ? " and that means, "eat a huge supper, sleep in the wooLlied, cat a huge breakfast, and (tho cook being willing) carry off a hugor lunch '' A " good feed ing track" is their otra aim in lifo. And fow know the kitchen geography of theso colonies so well as the professional awtigsinnn. Some of this class will do a few weeks' work in tho year just to get i he wherewithal to save themselves from naked ness. lint mo re nro less scrupulous, and (when their blankets or their shoes fail) help themselves at shepherds' huta whoso tenants aro absent for the day. In the winter time tho loafer-swagsmnn's lifo heeoinoi cheerless. " Ooiling " grows irksomo. Hence with many tlio wnrm seclusion of n gaol, where work is light, food plontiful, nnd 'blankets e-rtnin, hec'imcs desirable. Statistics collected in Vic;. n ia somo year or two ago proved unmistak ably that in winter thoro aro more convictions " under tho vug." than during tho other seasons of tho year. In some districts thoso gentry aro an almost intolerable tax upon tho squattor. A squatter, residont not far from the Ararat diggings, onco stated boforo a parliamentary commission in Melbourno that hid daily nvorngo of loafer visitors was ovor fifty. This olasa is rcoruited from varied sources. At night in a woolshed when the station visitors aro disposing their blankets for slumber is a strango scene. Amongst tho un mitigated biackguard-dom there are tho wrecks of fairer fortunes. Poor devils who have sunk down — sheer down — .plummet . deep into infamy. Wranglore whoso names were ence whispered as coming mm, Gunrdsraon who could walk up Alma in parada order, , but who guconmbed before lansquenet, unlimited loo, o? gomt' fetal tfiibjt dandies who have penned precis for the Foreign i office; unfrocked parson.; discharged felons — these, and such as theso, help to (well the gathering. And the oonverBation — probablo tracks for the morrow, good names passed round where mutton and damper can be hnd, and few questions asked ; the oharncters of neighbouring publicans ; the latest particulars about sprees ; how this splitter has nearly done his contraot, or that bushman is to be paid for a dozen miles of fencing— conversa tion not unsprinkled with oaths, nor remarkablo for cleanliness. And here I may remark that I have known mon (who have held better positions in England than ever tho real Sir Roger Tichbomo did) descend to lower depths than those into which the soi-disant, and as I believe, actual, Sir Roger tumbled. Drink, and listless wandering and foul companionship can reduce — havo reduced — " Hyperion to a Satyr." Men do forget their lespectablo antecedents. Thoy grow out of them, or rather sink down beneath them — onst them off as oomplctoly as a snake does its old skin. Read- iug.thn great verboso trial. I never wondered at the plaintiff's degradation, nor deemed it unlikely thnt he was not the heir, because, though of gentle blood and of avernga education, he had dwindled down (morally, not phyaloally ) into an unmitigated ruffian. Perhaps the most melancholy Bight, in suoh a Scene as I have hinted at, is the preseneo of worn- out old men — mon whose life has boon a fitful in terchange of work and ppree until thero is nothing left for them but to roam about the country in Hearob ol broken victunls, cast off clothing, and —a grave. Garrulous old fellows enough in the sun shine, but sad grumblers in the nipping mornings of winter, as perchanco you or I might be if we were old nnd weary, and with never a roof to sheRor us or a heart's friend to bid us God speed. Their talk is usually of what they onco were, ond wbat they might havo been— if— ah— that if. there a much tragedy in it. Do you remember Southey's melancholy snpphics : — "Once I had friends though now by all forsaken, Once I had parents— thoy aro now in heaven, I bad a homo once." And how " worn-out with anguish, sin, nnd cold, and hunger," the outcast sinks down released by a powor moro merciful than humanity. . Some really in search of work won't take offence at this design. To the loafer class belong the town arabs. those camp followers of civilisation who, even if driven to the worst, prefer sheer Starvation to honest work. There is no moro piteous, terrible sight than a crowd of such beings. At police courts and sessions, when somo one of their number is being oonfrontod with juHtice, you are pretty sure to find suoh a orowd— idleness and crime stamped on them in unmistakable relief. Among them, men ready for any iniquity, so that tho wageB bo instant. Careless of God. man, or devil, so that the wherewithal for indulgonco in sensuality be ministered to them. Thero is no mistaking true town arabs whon you meet them, Such faces as Mrs. Browning speaks of: _ " Faces P phew. We 11 call them vices, festering to despairs, Or sorrows petrifying to viceB ; not A finger touch of God left whole on them, All ruined, lost — tho countenance worn out ' As the garment, tho will dissolute as tho act. . , a V 'ij nB such strangled fronts, Buoh obdurate jaws wore thrown np constantly To twit you with your race, corrupt your blood And grind to devilish colour all your dreams Henoeforth." It may be said that such a class is not distinctively Australian, that in all big townp tho like is to bo mot with. And so it is but with this_differ.enco. The town arabs of tho Australian metropolitan Cities ore ns a rule of a worse stamp, not physically, DUt mentally— a more demoralitied stamp than those of any other huge city under tho sun. For the scum of London or of Paris thero is no escape. JLhero are in such cities hereditary arabs. In AustrahaHiere is an osoape, but it is through a u w'" no' pass — through labour, Which m this country offers to every honest man an honest wage. Perhaps the chihf Hocial curse of Australia is tliis town loafer, hanging about bars and taprooms in search of a victim. Afraid to dig, but not ashamed to beg. and therefore rc- served for even a lower place than the unjust Bteward. Spongers upon tboir frionds nnd rela- tions ana tho public, they nre parasites who re quire tnoiRive treatment, nothing less than the axe put to them radically after the healthy Paulino lasbion "that if a man will not work neither shall he eat." Of late yoanL foolish legislation hns raised up another sub-division of tho grent loafer family I mean tho free-selector of the wrong stamp. Isolated from all moral restraint, sluckly Rupcr- Visod by tho police, removed from generous rivalry, what wondor thnt tho genus loafor thrives undor such corrupt surroundings. The legal poriod of residence is a period of pilfering rapino. Tho Stock of his neighbours, by a confusion of the terms meum and tuum are appropriated to his own use. Ho reaps where he has not sown, and eats tbo fatted calf of another's breeding. Without tho adventurous element of tho Scottish freebooter's existence, he lives by tho same principle, by well plannod and safely executed raids. Though he does not levy black mail, yet he keeps his better- to-do neighbours in oontinual dread, threatening incendiarism and sometimes going beyond the threat, Tho atmosphere ho lives in is one of miBery. ignorance, and crime. His children are more like malevolent imps than Christian bairns. His sons ripen into scoundrels worthy of such a Stro ; his daughters into— well, not into fair and happy milkmaids such ns poor Sir Thomas Over- bury described such ns they " who make their .lands hard with labour and their hearts soft with pity, who daro go alone and fear no manner of ill because they mean none, whose dreams aro so obaste that they dare tell them" -not into suoh. I fear, but into tho worst of all evils- womanhood, void ol tho triple crown of womanhood, tenderness, decency, and grace — Bettor an end of all men's races Better tho world's whole work were dono, And life wiped out, ol nil our traces And thero were left to time not one Than such ns these." Shameless and utterly ignorant should give sons to Australia. Another very bad stump of Australian loafer, is tho swindling speculator. Men who lure the credulous to ruin, and nmke even legitimate, specu- .ation appear as an iynis fatuus to. the cautious Ca<rtf'Bi' 45nor,,nt "I what thoy prate about, pufliUfe claims either ' salted " for the purposo or else entirely non- existent nave in a circular a la Barnum, their sole object is to obtain tbo daily needful to lunch at Uourvoisier's. do thu block nod the verandah, swagger in tbo stalls, ami run tbo usual raco of third-rate snobs t. some lower orado Of loalerism. The mining industry of this colony is cripplud by the swindling speculator. (Jun- fidenco is shaken. And worse, a temptation is bold out_ to young men. as fascinating as bettin ' Without us apparent harm, but as insidious and as destructive. The remainder ol Mr. Shaw's interesting lecture, Whioh was frequently applauded, we arc compelled tor want of room, to hold over till next issue. On its termination, Tho Rev. Mr. Gibson moved a cordial voto of thanks to tho lecturer. 1 Mr. Rocs Jones seconded the motion, which was carried with loud applause, and conveyed by the President (Mr. Allinan). A vote of thanks to tlio President, moved by Mr, Maokmtosh, was also carried with applauso. 