THE BORES OF HISTORY. (From the Civilian J JWary Queen of Soots—or Marie, as some fair writers will insist on calling her —has become one of the greatest torments in the whole gallery of bores. We shall never, so far as we can see, hear the last of her " beautiful person*' and "graceful maimer." That snow-white little neck will apparently inspire the pens of the literary butchers until the world in anger cries, Shame! She has been done to death in countless leaders and essays. Her sorrows and her crimes—if she really committed any—have been the constant theme of hacks ever since Scott discovered her to the curious people who never read history unless it is tricked out in the garb of fiction. We confess we are utterly tired of her. In our youth we did think she was a persecuted and injured woman, but since she has so persistently per secuted and injured us we have arrived at the belief that she deserved her fate, and are only sorry, that we have no power to decapitate her shade. Then, to go back to classic times, there is Cleopatra and Mark Antony. When shall we hear the last of them ? What good genius or pious priest will undertake ' to lay the ghosts of this celebrated pair 1 When shall we hear the last of the pro found speculations in which our " great writers" are wont to indulge anent the probable fate of the world had the lady's nose been but a trifle shorter 1 Sorely we have had enough of her ; and, as it is impossible to say an original tiling about her and her great admirer, it would be as well to let them both rest quietly in school-books until the crack of doom. We are willing to admit that, if a taboo were placed upon the remarkable persons who have figured in history, many of our picturesqe writers would bo deprived of their whole stock in trade. We are, how ever, not quite sure tliat the world would lose much if the whole tribe resigned their pens for good. We might be deprived of a great quantity of thrice-threshed straw, but, for our part, we could get on quite as well without it. Wliat we really need is a little more of the salt of originality, and a more sparing use of mere words. It is bad enough to be obliged to read tho ordinary literature of the day, but it is really vexing that the common topics of the hour cannot be discussed without all this frothy folly. Coming nearer to our time, we find Samuel Pepys growing into a bore of the first water. We can all read his Diaiy if we please ; but, having read it for our selves, we do not care to see it hashed up on every occasion for the people who care notliing for Pepys nor the time in which he lived. The story of his first wig has gone from pole to pole, and, as far as we can judge, it is likely to travel round the world, like the Wandeiing Jew, until the last trump summons scribbler and diarist to tbe great account. Pepys did not bar gain for this posthumous fame, and one knows not what agonies his shade must endure if it is conscious that it lias become a stalking-horse behind which the fell writers of the hour hide their base designs on the innocent reader. Of all the bores of history, however, commend us to, or rather save us from, the Pilgrim Fathers of the Mayflower. We cannot open a book on a stall without meeting with them. These old bigots permeate all literature, and haunt our picture galleries, to the terror of all sensible people. Can we not let them rest in peace 2 Is it not possible to banish them for good into limbo ? Hawthorne, heaven bless him ! took some of the gilt oil their Puritanical gingerbread in the 1 Sea rlet Letter,' and we thank him for that knightly service. If we are inclined to play the part of a literaiy Don Quixote, we should certainly try whether a vigorous lance prick or two would not frighten these grim old giants from the stage. Hut we have too great a horror of them to attempt the task of exorcism, and are only sorry that, for the purpose of this article, we are obliged to admit them again before the curtain. Grace Darling is another, but a charm ing, bore of history. She has been row ing that old boat of hers daily in some print or other for the laist thirty or forty years. She must tire of the work, and no doubt the fair heroine would gladly retire from business, but the literary hack finds her too valuable, and so her shade goes backwards irom the wreck to the lighthouse aB regularly as if she were expiating a crime ; and so in truth she is. Her crime in the eyes of her persecutors is her heroism, and they will not let her rest until another victim, equally brave and interesting, takes her place. Had she reflected upon the possibility of being famous, we fear the unfortunate passen gers on the Forfarshire steamer would have gone to the bottom before she would have lifted a finger to aid them. Wo cannot close this article without some " allusion" more or less " brilliant" to the New Zealander, who has been such an unconscionable time making that sketch of St. Paul's. Macaulay little knew, when ho borrowed the gentleman from Volney, that he had inadvertently started the poor savage upon a never ending scries of travels through the press of the world ; yet such is the mysterious dispensation of Providence. We hear of the great traveller daily, and he is always trying to finish that unlucky sketch. He ; crops up in the most unexpected places, and so popular is he that every tyro who puts pen to paper feels called upon to look over liis shoulder to see how he is getting on. We wish to heaven he would cdose his portfolio, and go back to the land of tomahawks. We do not want him here. Perhaps, with the barbarous taste of a savage, he likes fame, and is glad to see the crowd of admirers who gaze in wonder at his masterly touches mid bold outlines. But whether he is proud of his prominent position or not, he is a bore of the most vulgar type, and we do not thank the historian for so recklessly intro ducing him to the great masters of the art of chopping straw. Many a pen would no doubt be paralysed if harm came to the tiresome savage or any of his brethren of the company of bores. A universal paralysis of the pen however would, in our opinion, be preferable to this hashing up of liistoiy, this continual fitting-on of tlie cast-off clothes of great writers. Had we absolute power we should certainly in terfere, to protect the public from the men who thus systematically annoy them. A decree of pains and penalties should at once be issued. We would make it treason without benefit of clergy to "allude" in any way to the Pilgrim j Fathers. We would fine any man who dared to mention Cleopatra, or Hero and J Leander, and we would send to the hulks i or the treadmill the whole school of able editors who so persistently disturb the j peace of Marie Antoinette. Society should be preserved from the nuisance of the literary organ grinder, and he should be compelled to go back to the plough, or to some other congenial employment. 