TOITOAMT AND THE FAMILY BEDSTEAD. IT is a luscious country for thrilling evening stories about assassinations of intractable Gentiles. I canuot easily ' conceive of anything more cosy tuan tbe night in Salt Lake which we spent in a Gentile den, Brooking pipes and listening to tales of how Burton galloped in among the pleading and defenceless " Morieites," and shot them down, men and women, like so many dogs. / And how Bill Hickman, a destroying angel, shot Drown and Arnold dead for bringing .uit against him for a debt. And how Porter Rockwell did this, and that dreadful thing. And how heedless people oftest come to Utah and make remarks ábeút Brigham, pr polygamy, or some other sacred matter, and the very next morning at daylight such parties are sure to be found lying np some back alley, contentedly waiting for the hearse. And 'the next most interesting thing is to ait and listen to these Gentiles talk about polygamy ; and bow eome portly old.-frog of an elder, or a bishop, marries a girl-likes her, marries her sister likes her, marries another sister-likes her, takes another-likeB her, marries her mother-likes her, merries ber father, grandfather, .great grandfather, and then comes back hungry, and asks for moro. And how the pert young thing of eieven will chance to be the favourite wife, and ber own vener- able grandmother have to rank away down, towards D 4 in .their mutual hus- band's .esteem, and have to sleep ia the kitchen, «6 like as not. And how this ' dreadful sort/ of thing, this hiving together in. one foul nest of mother and rl&ugbWrs;, ' and the making a young daughter superior to her own mother in rank and authority, .are things which Mormon women submit to because their religion teaches them that the more wives a man has on earth, and the more children be rears, .tbe higher the place . they-will all have in the world to come \--and the warmer may bo, though they do not seem to say anything about that. . Acoorâing to these Gentile friends of oura, Brigham Young's harem contains tweaty or thirty wives. Theyeaid that some: of 1 them bad grown old and gone out of active service, but were comfort ? ably housed end eared for in the henery -or the Lion Bouse, as it is strangely named.!1 -Along with each wife were ber .children-fifty altogether. The house was perfectly IjuiBt and orderly, when the children were still. They all took their meals ia one room,'and â happy and homelike sight it was pronounced to be. None of. our party got an opportunity to take, dinner with Mr. Young, but a Gentile ty tbe name of Johnson pro- fessed to have enjoyed a sociable break- fast lo the Lion House. He gare a preposteróse account of the "calling of the roll," and other preliminaries, and tho carnage that ensued when the buck- wheat cakes reame in. But he em- bellished rather too much. He said that Mr;-Young: told him several smart \- jayinia of certain of his " two-year olds, observing with some pride that for n^*&f;^í3arB he bád been the heaviest contributor in that line to one of the Eastern^magazines,- and then he wanted to show Mr. Johnson one of the pets that had said the last good thing, but he could' not îtfd the child. He searched the laces of ¡the children in detail, but cpnld not. decide which one it was. Finally, he gave it up with a sigh, and asid:»- . "I thought I would know the little cub a^ain, T)ut I .dont." Mr. Johnson said further/.' that Mr. Young observed that life was a'.ead, sad thing-"because the .joy. of .every new marriage a man rjontracted was.-so apt to be blighted by the inopportune funeral of alesB recent bride," And Mr. Johnson said that while he and Mr. Young werepleasantly ' conversing io private, one of the Mrs. Younga came in and demanded a breast pin, remarking that she had found out that he had been giving a breast-pin to No. 6, and «A«, for one, did not propose to let this partiality go on. without ¡ making a satisfactory amount of trouble I about it. Mr. Young reminded her that there was a stranger present. Mrs. Young said that if the state of things inside the house waa not agreeable to the ,«trfctiner, he could find room outside. Mr/fbnüg. promised the breast-pin, and1 shë 'went away:' But in a minute j ,ano\her Mrs. ..Young came in and' opmandeà a breast-pio. Mr. Young began a remoustance, but Mrs. Young cut him short. She said No. 6 had got onei and No. ll was promised one, and it was " no use for him to try to impose op herr-^be hoped she knew her rights." ,Äe faVe his -promise, and abe went. And presently - /three Mrs. Youngs entered tn 'a body and opened on their their, husband a tempest of tears, abuse, and entreaty. They had heard all about No. 6, No. ll, and No. 14. Three more breast-pins were promised. They were hardly, gone when nine more Mrs. Youngs filed .into the presence, and a new tempest burst forth and raged round about the prophet and his guest. Nine breast-pins were promised, and the weird Bisters filed out again. And in came ' «leven tnore,_ weeping and wailing and breast-pins purchased peace once more. "That il a specimen," said Mr. Yoong. " Yon see how it is. You see what a life I lead. A man emit be wise all the time. In *\ heedless moment I gave my darling No C-excuse my call- ing her thus, BB her other name has escaped me for the moment-a breast- pin. It was only worth twenty-five dolían-that is, apparently that was its whole cost- but its ultimate cost was inevitably bound to be a good deal more. You ^ourself hare seen it climb np to six hundred and fifty dollars-and alas, even that is not (be end! For I have wives all over this Territory of Utah. I have dorene of wives whoBo numbers, even, I do not know without looking in the Family Bible. They are scattered tar and wtde among the mountains and valleys of my realm. And mark you, '«very solitary one of them will hear of this wretched breast-pin, and every last one of them will have one or die. No 'a breast-fin will cost me twenty-five Eleven promised hundred dollar« before I see the end of it. And these creatures will compare these pins together, and if one is a shade finer than tho rest, they will all be thrown on my hands, and I will have lo order a new lot to keep peace in the family. Sir, you probably did not know it, but all the time you were present with my children your every movement was watched by vigilant servitors of mine. If you bad offered to give a child a dime, or a stick of candy, or any trifle of the kind, you would have been snatched out of the house instantly, provided it could be done before your gift left your hand. Otherwise it would be absolutely necessary for you to make an exactly similar gift to all my children-and knowing by experience the importance of tho thing, I would have stood by and seen to it myself that you did it, and did it thoroughly. Once a gentleman gave one of my children a tin whistle-a veritable invention of Satan, sir, and one which I have an un- speakable horror of, and so would you if you bad eighty or ninety children in your house. But the deed was done the man escaped. I knew what the result was going to be, and I thirsted for vengeance. I ordered out a flock of Destroying Angels, and they bunted the man far into tho fastnesses of the Nevada mountains. But they never caught bim. I am not cruel, sir-I am not vindictive except when sorely out- raged-but if I bad caught him, sir, BO help me Joseph Smith, I would have locked him into the nursery till the brats whistled him to death. By the slaughtered body of St. Parley Pratt (whom God aBsoil!) there was never anythingontbiseartblike.it! /knew who gave the whistle to the child, but I could nat make those jealous mothers believe me. They believed Xdid it, and the result was just what any man of reflection could nave foreseen ; I bad to order a bundled and ' tea whistles-I think we had a hundred and ten children in the bouse then, but some of them are off at college now-I had to order a ; hundred and ten of those shrieking things, and I wish I may never speak another word if we didn't have to talk on our fingers entirely, from that time forth until the children got tired of the whistles. And if ever another man gives a whistle to a child of mine and I get my hands on him, I will hang him higher than Haman ! That is the word with the bark on it! Shade of Nephi ! You don't know anything about married life. I am rich, and everybody knows it. I am benevolent, and everybody takeB advantage. of it. I have a strong fatherly instinct and all the foundlings are foisted on me. Every time a woman wants to do well by ber darling, she puzzles her brain to cipher out some scheme for getting it into my hands. Why, sir, a woman came here once with a child of a curious lifeless sort of com- plexion (and so had the woman), and swore that the child was mine and she my wife, that I hod roamed herat such and-such a time in such-and-such a place, but she had forgotten her number, and of course I could not remember her name. Well, sic, she called my attention to the fact that the child looked like me, and really it -did seem to resemble me-, a common thing in the Territory-and to cut the story short, I put it in my nursery, and she left. And by the ghost of Orson Hyde, when they came to wash the paint off that child it was an Injun ! Bless my soul, you don't know anything about married life. It is a perfect dog's life, sir-a perfect dog's life. You can't economise. It isn't possible. I have tried keeping one set of bridal attire for all occasions. But it ÍB of no use. First you'll marry a combination of calico and consumption that's as thin as a rail, and next you'll get a creature that's nothing more than the dropsy in disguise, and then you've got to eke out that bridal dress with'an old balloon. That is the way it goes. And think of the vfBBb-bill-(excuse these tears) nine-hundred and eighty-four pieces a week ! Mb, sir, there is no such a thing as economy in a family like mine. Why just the one. item of candles-think of it ! And vermifuge ! Soothing syrup ! j Teething rings i¿and ' papa's watches ' j for the babies to play with 1 and things I to scratch the furniture with! and lucifer matches for them to eat ; and pieces of glass to cut themselves with! The item of glass alone would support your family, I venture to say, sir. Let me scrimp and squeeze all I can, I still can't get ahead as fast as I feel I ought to, with my opportunities. Bless you, sir, at a time when I had seventy-two wives in .the house, I groaned under the pressure of keeping thousands of dollars tied up in seventy- two bedsteads when the money ought to have been out at interest ; and I just sold out the whole stock, sir, at a sacrifice, and built a bed- stead seven ' feet long and ninety-six feet wide. But it was a failure, sir. I could not sleep. It appeared to me that the whole seventy two women snored at once. Tho roar was deafening. They would all draw, their breath at once, and you could actually see the walls of the house suck in-and (hen they would all exhale their breath at once, and you could see the walls swell out, and strain, and hear the rafters crack, and the shingles grind together. My friend, take an old man's advice, and don't encumber youself with a large family mind, I tell you, don't do it. In .a small family, and io a small family only, you will find that comfort and that peace of mind which are the best at last of the blessings this world is able to afford UB, and for the lack of which no accumula- tion of wealth, and no acquisition of fame, power, and greatness can ever compensate us. Take my word for it, ten or eleven wives is all you need never go over it." Some instinct or other made me set this Johnson down as being unreliable. And yet he was a very entertaining person, and I doubt if some of the information he gave us could bare been acquired from any other source. He was a pleasant contrast to those reticent Mormons. MA,BK TWAIK. 