THE COMING COMlET. (Feom the Saoturdq?y Reeiew.) Nervous people, as is credibly stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement, which recently appeared in the papers, thiet a distinguished astrono mer had discovered a monslrous comet rushing straiglht towards us with aoeazing rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it wore running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist thie approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts ti?he runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet. comieg; that, it it were coming, it would be a very welcome visitor; and that we have already passed thlrough a comet, and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood-for even astronomers have been boys-natched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with whiob a childish imagination lores to people the dim borders of its little world ? Would anybody wil lingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station P Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the cometf of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through thie sky with a death dealing toil has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a mathematical hook put in its jawa, till his impressiveness has departed from him. We know the legend of Curler's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the lhornse and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have be come as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that, some time ot other, the world would be mashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metro politan junction. Of course, hie follow-philosophers aound fault with some of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, howerer, for a brief period " dally with falsee surmise," and cndenvour to return to the simple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophlesied our approachling fate, and thiat the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we aboll be able, without the help of telescopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighlted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole shy will be lit up witl tle fiery portent. Nighlt rby night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it 'wil be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. Thie tem perature will rise to be first tropical, and thcn hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging toward each other aits pace compared with whiolh the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will erash into eaoh other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shasll not have time even for an ejaoulation. The petty race of inseets that orawla smongst the little esorescenaes on the earth's skin will be instantanseously dismissed from exist ence. On the other side of the world we shall, perhaps, hare just one flash of senusation. We shall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust-to indulge in a humble simile-is knocked off the under side oar carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpee of the broken fragments of the earth starting of, each on its new career, to whirl through the uni verse, each bearing with it-so we shall remember on the faithl of a President of the British Association some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endless processe of evolution which will hare come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alteruative, and suppose that we just miss tie nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of the poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left buta vast surfacs of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopu lated planet. Alas! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremen dous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the super intendence of Dr. Cumming, might, possibly, be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world; buit nature is not prodigal; she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers must fdill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catas trophe could really be predicted on silenitfic grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable thlat we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things, oven if they had to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose. But let us imagine that this diff?eulty is surmounted. If we were all really convinced that at 4 o'elock p.m., Greenwiech time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds? The most natural supposition is, perhlaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retire ment, or would endeavour to awaken the consciences of the sinners around them ; whilet the sinners would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there was no use in keeping a collar of wine to be consumed by n comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest; but thse question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vie isertis in our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel that it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employmente which have become necessary parts of our exitencs. There are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted on taking his aeeas tomed pill an hour before hie was banged; and, if we were anl under sentence of executioun-as, indeed, ser mona are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet-it is, perhaps, reaseon able to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, "It's all very well; we shall not want anything more after the 12th of August; but that is no reason why we should not lhave our regular meals and enjoy our newspapers at breanfast." 