anniversary of the pirie . STREET CHURCH. KEY. THOS. JAMES ON TOTAL AB STINENCE. Tbe services connected with the anni versary of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Chnrch were begun on Sunday, October 13, when three sermons were preached. The He v. Jas. Jeff oris, LL.B., officiated in the morning, selecting as the basis of an admirable discourse the words—" Rejoice in the Lord alway, and again I say rejoice"—Philippians iv., 4. The afternoon service was conducted by the Rev. Thomas James. The subject of his sermon was —"The scriptural principles of a true tem perance," his text being " For the kiDgdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." The j rev. gentleman, from his stand point, dealt with the matter in an able manner. He con tended that the religion of Christ was a reli gion of freedom, maintaining that when a man accepted the important truths of Chris tianity and lived in harmony with them, all subordinate truth grouped itself according to the will of God. Neither he that drank mode raMy, nor he that abstained, was, he argued, upon the teaching of the Apostle Paul,_ con demned, for Christianity inculcated charity in judgment as regarded such comparatively unim portant matters. Mr. James's opinion seemed to be that the total abstainer was at times in a l*s»- desirable position than tho moderate -h , -i.- r. as being liable to be injured by i?ipride. He cenceded thai there was a very large number of persons who would be bettor if tbey were total abstainers; but he couM v.et take total abstinence as the type of temp- ranee. It might be, and, speaking gene rally, was tbe type of temperance; but there were instances in which the general rule did not hold good, and it was rather the type of intemperance than temperance, speaking with respect to the great principles of Christianity. It could be said of no virtue that it represented the thing, and the whole thing, to which it belonged. He believed there were men with whom to take a single drop was to expose themselves to great evil, and in their case to take drink at all was gross intemperance ; but then there were other things which were almost equally pernicious; indeed he thought there were as many killed by gluttony—killed before their time—aB many turned into beasts by gluttony as by drunkenness; and it was a mar vellous thing that all evil sprang out of some good—bad its root in some good gift of God that was perverted and abused. As one who from his boyhood had been either a total ab stainer or perfectly temperate—who had marked with interest and concern the great evangelical —he was going to say benevolent—movement that had for its object the rescue of men from drunkenness, and who was not an enemy, but a helper on and believer in tbe scheme, they would allow him to say that its strength had been its weakness; but he believed matters were mending—that men were becoming wiser and truer to truth, and were sinking individual ideas, and were admitting that they were not the depositories of all truth; but that truth was very comprehensive—wide as the world and large as God ; and he had no doubt this movement would put on a new aspect and clothe itself in new strength, and while it was strong in temperance would be temperate in its strength. He regretted the existence of drunkenness—regretted that the Devil, with a bait so small, an inducement so trivial, could lead men to form a habit productive of such disastrous consequences; but be bad no faith in any nostrum of man. They could no more cut off from the body of Christian truth any part of it and make it successfully and con tinuously operative than they could out off a man's arm and make it work ; and in his opinion saving men from drunkenness and not from sin was not worth the efforts of those whose work was supposed to be for eternity and for God. The afternoon service was attended by a considerable number of tbe friends of total | abstinence. In the evening the Rev. W. P. Wells, President of Prince Alfred College, preached an earnest discourse, the 28th and 29th verses of the 26th chapter of Acts forming his text. At each service there was a large con gregation, and the collections amounted to about £28. This evening there will be a tea, followed by a public meeting, at which Sir George Verdon is to preside. 