EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVINGSTONE'S SECOND LETTER. THB SLATE TBADE. Speaking of this horrible trade, the doctor says : — " Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflicts on tbe victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalised bv a long course of service, with but few of the amelio rating influences that elevate more favoured races, are fair average specimens of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to domestic bondage apdf all the depressing agencies of a most nn heal thy climate. These have told most injuriously on "fheir physical frames, while fraud and trade rdju. have ruined their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the popu lation living free in the interior under their own chiefs and laws — cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rocky Btrata or under perennial ice. Wiuwoode Reade hit the truth when he said the ahcient Egyptian, with his large, round, black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than tbe West Coast African, who has been debased by t be unhealthy laod he lives in. Sla Ve9ge« erStly— - and especially those on the West Coast, .and Zan zibar and elsewhere— are extremely ugly. I have no prejudice against their colour; indeed, any one whalives long among them forgets that they are Japk, asd feels that tkey are j iat fellowpaen."- But the low retreating foreheads, prognatUodAfaws, jdVji heels, and other physical peculiarities' comhaon among slaves and West C mar negroes/ialways awaken the same feelings of aversion as those with which we view speci mens of the Bill Sikes ' and bruiser' class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply in tbe mire in which they are already sunk. But I wish to point out that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of tbe continent are, as a rule, fair average apeci- : mens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the headmen of the great chief Insafha, who lives west of the south end of Tanganyika, hat come together to make peace with certain Arabs whohkdburned their chief town j and I »m certain could not see more finely- formed intellectual heads in any assembly in Louden or Paris, and- the feces and forms correspond with tbe finely-shaped heads." THB TRBATlfEST OI SLATES. I onM'';Mik-f%arty -of twelve whohaffiiieeA; slaves in thetr own country— Lunda or Londa-—: of whioh Gfcsembe is chief or general. The 'wertr loaded witit#vge heavy wooden yokes; forked tr«eAbout 3in. in diameter and7ft. or 8ft. , long. The neck is inserted in the forn|tn; iron bar driven in across from one end of the Aj®k to tbe other, and riveted ; the other Jen'd is tied'at; night te a tree or to the ceiling of a hpt, and jfche neck being firm in a fork, toe slave , is held Off from unloosing it It is etoetsively hjfmbletoM to the wearer, and when marching too. yokss or# tied together by their free ends, and Iditon toe slaves' heads besides, Women, dition to the yoke and loada ohiid on tHehsjk p'e said to me on passing, 'They are killing megn togy would take off the yoke I could manage the load; and ffbn<) but £ shall die with three loads.' Oae who spoke thus did die, and the poor little her child, perished of starvation. I intenxed for some, but when unyoked off they the long grass, and I was gently blamaitl .tor caring to preserve the . owner's prop&ty; f<'r a day's march under a a broiling ;||m$feith: yokes and heavy loads too atee|PMefed.; The party of twelve : above we rs sitting singing and laugtao-. HaUOi ld l| theee fcUom teta W tt .tigatAEgSe class for whom natural state and I went to-aik the cans© %f their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner ' ks to di jneapjng-.lf IK Socd which usually means to uy or to leap, xoey were ueiug it to express the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inftfttinl disease >1 afidHlfl&th; ; and the sopg ;tw» n W W SoiaS away to Manga (abroad pr white man s land) with yokes' on opr, necks; hut we shall have no yokes in deato, and we ehall? return and haunt Mdhfil jfbi The bhdruB then strtik in- was thenam»»ft''toalinan ,wbo hadsepW each of them, and ttafti&UfiPf4; toe 8««4Japgh, in wweww ' gad ho dcAibfhflHddf WOi aWdbyostrpo" to ksRofrcnihitiu-e Xbeir rpfrsin aaiiL idi ni-'J i :;l" '?dl i o ijhj oh, oh! ' I shall haunt you, oh, oh, "oh ! The laOcbter told not of mirth, hut of the bears «f such M rnsgm!. toeyBO:, yy-r n nTaJ !,iw «t<— IIB'riSm ''X; "o medcesfo ni : f " .tal-vcia vwiij inoieu a vlua 'tlii , -<> hai only l.-.t them?elvea alone. 1 .fclrnaiyjG'r" "1% ms Well- shaped forms, ; and small, hands Sj TP But they' must Morn'e&gelvis; ;ana dd-oh,,the hussies 1-by fillhf teefc)i to points like Qat?artoetoi MtwasidwibZ . over us great ne donkeys, hke, that., pf dflei " Ornaments 'are ectoce. ladies do if they had' none, butrpout atidg? ns on ' women's rights ?' But these of the fair eex make shift by adorning warm brown skins, tattpo jug .variops pretty dUT, vices without colours, that, besides beauty, serve toihdratdiiuii bf 'bfir tartaABfl .1 swi, i: f!thk ifhabetakts op matttjema. f M When partif s idae iUjiji to govlestwards info; Manyenma, the question asked is not hfytjgoocbi they UveAutW powder. If they have 200 or 300 muskets ammunition id fUrbrfio 1 toey think t stfc certain;- : - The ' Manyuema Were found r:td: : rifled by the pftport of. gdnup 'tome, I .Q&6 believed them t.o be eupernairal, fp yg effect of a muelet bap was shown on a goat -they looked np to the cltideVtihd Offei- ed to brihg inr to buy the ohUrm by 'which lighthhig When a village was assanltedvdhe' mim 'fiedte terror, , and women and , childtan .wera j tured. Many of; thyff especially Far , down the . Lualaba, are .rerv pretty, light 'coloured 1 and "loveVy. It common to hear the ; Zanribar elaves—bdie" faces resemble tlie features of London d66f;S knockers, which some ; Btrpcioua . jroafoutidsc thought were like those of lions— say to.ch other-1— Ob, if' vrehad Many u era a wjve Wat pretty children 'we should" jgetl Man yhehia iheij and women were hll vastly superior to the slarei ' j who evidently felt tne\ inferiority they bid j acquired by wallowing in .Uie mire Many of the men were toll, .strapping felfoiM with but little of what we think diitluctive otthe ' negro about them. If one relied on thb teaching of phrenology, the Manyuema men would tike V j high place in the human family. They felt j their superiority, and often said, truly, 4 , lit not for firearms, rot one .of the 1 Btrangers would ever leave our country? if» j comparison were instituted and Manyuma, taken ' i at random, placed opposite, eay, the members oM | tbe Anthropojogical dociely of London, dad like them lnkiita pf grass cloth, I should like to take ' i my place alongside the Manyuema, on the | principle of preferring the company of my I betters ; the philosophers would look wofufty | scraggy. But though the 'inferior, raoe.' as weV i compassionately call them, have, fiQeiy fprmsd heads, and often handsome features, they are1' undoubtedly cannibals. The country abounds in food of all kinds, and the rich soil raises everything planted in great luxuriance. A -friend .-of paine tried rice, an-1 it yielded one huudredand twenty fold ; »hree meusuroa of seed yielded AB6 measures. Maize is so abundant that I have seen forty-fire loads, each about 601b., given for a single goat. It was puzzling to see why they ehould be cannibals. The Manyuema have of pigs and other domestic animals, and yet toe are cannibals. Into the reasons for their cannibaliam I do not entei. They say that huaian flesk is not equal to that of go:i<s or pigsj a is saltish, and makes thein dream of the dead. Why fine-looking men like them should be so low in the moral scale can only bo attributed (o the non-iutooducliou of that religion which makes those distinctions among raeu which phrenology and other ologies cannot explain. The religion of Christ is unquestionably the best for man." hobetble customs and nigger moslems. " The Manyuema women, especially far down t he Lualabaj are very pretty and very industrious. The market Is with tbem a great institution, and they workhard and carry far, in order to have something lb sell. Markets are established about ten erpmteeh miles apart. All are dressed in their b—jjaudy-coloured, many-folded kilts that . 1 each frotnjtjhe waist to the knee. When 2.000 or S.QGOirmtogether they enforce justice, though chiefly worn|n, and they are eo eager traders they set off-ih coippanies by night, and begin to run as soon psY&tyjcome; within the hum arising from liundlfca qjf voicea. To haggle, anl joke, and angthlllph eat t seems to be the dearest en- fjoymeoL' "unlife. Tbe Manyusma have always ' told '.11s . that women going to market were hover jm<flested. When the men of two dia- : 4tricts Vt©to . engaged in actual hostilities the iwomeV/toitod through from oue market to anotfi upharmed ; to take her goods, eren in ! AWarv imk a toing not to be done. But to these the half-caetes directed their guns, fi nnder my own observation were ' cannot allow the mind to dwell iitxpba about them. Many of both eexes "wore kdl|lbut the women and children chiefly ? were iSflpSptivee. No matter how m«eh ivory thy Obtained, theee "Nigger Moslems" 5 1 mast ''ilprs! slaves, and they assaulted the ixmrilto ,'Md villages, and made captives' chihK||it appeared to me, because, ai I thoijpn off at the report of guns, they without danger. I had no idea heforilr loodtbriraty men can be when they \ ' rsn'twir f 1 tbe blood of fellow men in safety. ' Andffiiliis carnage is going on at Maniuema at ; WfcJwywittto I write. It is the Banians, our s fellow-aubjects, that induwctly i We have conceded to the Sultan of iStoziawritlto right, which it was not ours to of a certain amount of slave- trading, and that amouut has been from £12,OX) to £20,000 1 year As we have Been, these are not traded for — but murdered for. They are not slaves, but free peopl jnadc captive. A Sultan f ith a of justice would, instead mi taliqg hiiad-iqiys declare that all were free a « hia territory. But the Banians b&irh; "toe buroom' house and all the Hilton's 4® venue toeir haads. He o#Bnot trqrt ibis fMuktoiw daii subjects, ev©A pf to® farm' his" income selves ; say, he would get but a <»op <rf ' lies. ; ; The Baniabi rlrqrk toe euatom-house aoasato jedeeeabeaMW .riaving agents; and eo fbto&r; power . .to . promote, it, commeroeTI'ikotttd be jwhtlc Sultebtfe reveaae by toaua plaoed-;ia to® ' « ii, nnnl eill m I;| 