Py $tvw$t Ufaitor, BY MORGAN HAWKES. Next week I leave the colony for the old country, but before I sail I feel that I cannot say good-by to South Australia without first relating a mysterious circum stance that occurred to me two years ago this Christmas. It was one of those thrilling, never-to-be-forgotten things which break in upon the ordinary course of a man's life, and make all his other adventures sink into utter insignificance compared with the startling nature of this single event. As long as 1 live, and wherever else I may go, the impression produced by this terrible, and, as it appeared for a long time, inexpli cable mystery will never be effaced from my mind. It null stand forth with a vividness and an awful distinctness when many other exciting events connected with my life will appear dim and shadowy, looked back upon through the mist of bygone years. 1 am a barrister of the Liner Temple; hot exactly a briefless barrister, for without j having attained to any brilliant pre-eminence at the Bar, my name is sufficiently known in law circles to gain me a fair number of cases,. while the unexpected and successful result of a somewhat celebrated trial for forgery, in which I had the honour to be retained' j for the defence, gained me a certain amount of notice from the brighter lights adorning the legal fraternity. But unfor tunately, just as my path to a prominent position at the Bar seemed pretty clear, my physical strength gave way beneath the harassing, anxiety consequent upon the increase of my business. My medical adviser peremptorily ordered perfect rest for a year or two, forbidding me even to look at a brief, advising a thorough change of life and scene, and seriously recommending a long sea voyage. ■ Fortunately for me, my short season of success had enabled me to lay by a little for a rainy day, and therefore the doctor's decision was not snch a deathblow to me as. it might have been to a poorer man. Where and how to spend my holiday, that was the question? Australia suggested itself to my mind; moreover, the long sea voyage being a particular part of my doctor's programme, and tbe fact of my having some bachelor friends who owned a sheep station out here, made the scheme appear admirably adapted to my circumstances. In three weeks' time I took my passage by one of the Adelaide liners, purchased my outfit, informed my Australian friends per overland mail that I intended visiting them in their adopted country, and finally setting sail from Plymouth one fine Sunday evening in August, reached Adelaide early in November. One of my old friends had come down to town to meet and welcome me, and lifter a very pleasant week in Adelaide, during which time I, of course, was taken round to see the lions, we started for the North. The voyage had quite recruited my strength, the novelty of the new associations surrounding me had aroused my brain toa state of healthy activity, and the romantic nature of life upon a sheep station made me look forward with great pleasure to my sojourn in the bush. We reached Yndnacudla, the name of my friend's station, just in the midst of the shearing season, and I found plenty to occupy my time in watching a scene so widely removed from all my former experiences. The men's kitchen, the long low shearing sheds, the vast flocks of dusty frightened sheep continually coming in to be operated upon, the powerful presses, the immense bales of wool, and tne thousand and one peculiarities of station life were all objects of absorbing interest to me. Day after day passed by in the same pleasant manner, and at last I began to get so used to my new life : that I almost disbelieved I had ever been anywhere else, and could scarcely realize the astonishing feet that six months back I was addressing a thick-headed, stubborn, igno rant Jury, in tbe dusty, fusty, Law Courts of smoky old London. At last tbe shearing was all completed, the men received their cheques, and wandered away one by one, some to the nearest woolshed, others for the first public-house with the expressed inten tion of " knocking down" their hard-earned cash, and a few for town. The wool was packed, the drays loaded and travelling on their way to Port Augusta, and such a period of quietude and rest fell upon the whole place that Yudnacudla seemed to be shut out from all the busy world beside. Christmas rapidly approached, and great discussion ensued as to how it should be spent. Finally a kangaroo hunt was decided upon as being a capital method of celebrating the holiday, and as affording a good oppor tunity of introducing me to a new phase of colonial life—viz., "Trashing it." Taking one of the knockabout hands with us, we rode across to a small hut about ten miles from the head station, known by the euphonious title of "Bob's Shanty." with , our own nags and two pack-horses led by the. "knockabout band," and piled np with. ( blankets, powder-flasks, Bhot-belts, guns, billies, ana sundry tin pannikins, tQgether with other heterogeneous necessities for the proper carrying out of thd afore-nisntioned . " bushing it," and with five or six powerful kangaroo dogs bounding round us, we made quite an imposing cavalcade. So we ambled along at that easy pace and with that peculiar motion distmgoished by the' expres sive title of a "bushman's trot through the scrub that environs Yudnacndla. The shanty, named after the unknown Bob, although slightly superior to the primi tive type generally followed by .shep herds' huts in Australia, certainly pos sessed no strikingly picturesque beauties. It boasted one little window, an ordinary -sized door, and a chimney wholly dispro portionate to the dimensions of the building it so massively overcapped. In front of the hat were some evident attempts at a garden in the shape of a stunted native pine-tree, while one solitary cabbage stalk wilting away in its own desolate bed spoke of a last'. despairing effort at cultivation on the part', of a former tenant. At the hack of the shanty was a large, strong-looking stockyard; and now I think I have fully described the I exterior. The interior could not well be found fault with by a person of an ascetic mind for its luxuriousness, inasmuch as its . appointments were meagre in the extreme. A stump cf an old gam-tree, dimly sngges- . tive of a table; four posts driven into the hard earth and interlaced with boughs and brandies, delicately insinuating a couch; and* a three-legged stool (evidently of amateur manufacture), modestly offering its services as a seat, were all the furniture; while a small deal box,, bung np over the aforesaid couch, containing some tremendous nails apd a good-sized useful-looking hammer, formed the total of the decorations. After we had rubbed down our horses we turned them into the stockyard, provided them with a good feed, piled our sporting paraphernalia indiscriminately upon the floor of the hut, and camped out in the open air—smoking, laughing, telling stories, and enjoying our grog round the big fire, which the "knockabout hand," in true buahman fashion, had commenced building the moment we declared a halt. At last our pipes were smoked out, and with many good wishes for to-morrow's sport we rolled our selves np in our blankets and settled down, i for a comfortable sleep. Unfortunately for the due realization of the romantic dreams my wandering fancy had indulged in during the night, and unhappily for the proper execution of those dating deeds I had pictured myself as engaging in during the pursuits of the bounding kangaroos, when we woke in the morning we found that through some inadvertence on somebody's part the slip rails of the stockyard had been, insecurely replaced, and all our horses had incontinently left for "fresh fields and pastures new." For a moment disappoint ment and annoyance were visible on every face, and I am afraid that mutual recrimi nations were somewhat freely indulged in. The mischief, however, was evidently done, and as it was useless to stand still and find fault, and equally unprofitable to waste time . in attempting to place the blame on some one else's shoulders, my friends made up their minds to go in search of the horses. Giving me strict injunctions not to stir from the hut, as I should only lose myself in the scrub, and promising to return as soon as the runaways were recaptured, they all departed, leaving me alone sole monarch of all 1 sur veyed. The day passed by - slowly enough, for me, to whom a bush life suddenly appeared denuded of half its charms, when jovial companions and the prospect of glorious sport were removed from the scene. Time after time, in spite of the exhorta tion of my friends, did I leave the shanty and climb to the top of the highest hill, hoping to catch a glimpse of them returning, but inevitably finding myself doomed to meet with disappointment. About 5 o'clock intheafternoon, when I was dolefollyplodding back from one of these fruitless expeditions, I heard a curious wild sort of chant or song come floating up .towards me from the vicinity of the hut. At first I thought it must be the cry of some bird unknown to me, but soon I could not help feeling that the weird strain was exerting a powerful influence on my fancy. Having arrived at the bottom of the hill, I turned round by the corner of the hut, which obstructed the view in that direction, and a right met my astonished gaze, the like of which my eyes had never looked upon before. In front of the door stood a fair haired ethereal-looking girl, with great blue liquid eyes, long golden locks, and a com plexion that was perfectly waxen in the pure transparency of its beauty. I am not of a poetic temperament, and the argumentative nature of my profession, together with the matter-of-fact tendency of my mind, makes : me far from an imaginative man. Never theless I most own to feeling some degree of" awe in the presence of this beautiful stranger. A belief in the supernatural has . never been a part of my creed, and yet I confess the thought passed through my I mind, as I looked upon this young ! girl, that I stood before a visitor from another world—an impression which was strengthened by a long robe of snowy whiteness, and composed of some soft silky material, which fell in graceful undulating folds around her classic form. Her right hand held a lady's riding whip, while her left arm was lightly thrown with charming abandon oven the arching neck of a magni ficent jet black horse, which stood proudly pawing the ground by her ride. The first feeling of astonishment having subsided, 1 bowed, and, politely accosting the fairy-like creature, found that according to her own statement she was a young lady, the niece of a neighbouring squatter; bu«. being like myself a poor adept in the intricacies of bush travelling, she had strayed away from her companions, and by some means or other had at last thoroughly lost herself in the scrub. I of course asked her the name of the station, which, strange to say, she could not remember. I then remarked that it appeared queer her horse could not find his way home again without any guidance; but she said so tar from this being the case she had ceased to direct him immediately upon finding herself lost, and it was only owing to his natural instinct that she had so fortunately met with my shanty. I then explained to the beautiful creature the peculiar circumstances under which I laboured, and deplored my inability to be of any material assistance to her in discovering her friends. But to my surprise, instead of the young lady expressing anxiety at this announcement, she broke out into a merry langh, and said—" Well, it's no use, Sir; the fates appear to have decreed that yon are to be my host, and so I suppose I most make up my mind to accept your hos pitality, and after all what is there to be alarmed about? I shall soon find my way home in the morning when your mends ' arrive, and, to tell you the troth, there is something to my mind very charming and romantic in camping out here in the bush with a gentleman," adding in an undertone, and with the slightest scrutinizing glance imaginable, " for that I'm sure you are." "Well, that's rather cool, certainly," thought I; "but doubtless it is the fashion . for Australian young ladies to talk in this manner in the bush. I suppose it's quite correct, and proper, and all that, and it must be my lamentable ignorance of these little points of what is etiquette out here at the antipodes that makes me see anything outrS in the young lady's conduct." These thoughts took scarcely a moment to fliwh through my brain, and then seeing it most assuredly would be more jolly to spend Christmas Eve with a handsome and evidently accomplished yonng lady than to pass it alone by the camp fire, I told my strange visitor that I should only be too proud to be her slave for the day; and as for the shanty, I was sure my friends would deem themselves highly honoured if so fair a daughter of Australia should beautify it with her presence. With an arch smile and a low sweeping curtsey that was brimful of comedy, the young lady thanked me for my pretty speech, and accepted my offer by were and then taking possession or the hut, while I led hdjse/a magnificent/ highly-bred -creature, to' the stockyard. " 1 :«.="-l-ldi. f: . J? ■;_^ .. Ill aboht half ah hour hay' very ahuable : lady visitor' called' me to look at jtlie trajhs formatipn she hai effected, .in the pteriously' roogh,"untidy M Bob's Shanty." Under its. guise; .bf neatness and order I '• scaiteely - rect^iised the dingy little place agiaih. 'Oar sw^gp'-ipere'neatly piled upin bhe rbrhbrof the^Hjm—that i8, as neatiytts their ungaihly ^ proportions "would admit of—our guns 'we're : carefully placed in another comer/ and'qui?' pofrder^flasks," . shot-belts, bufiet-rnonlds/ ; ct %&c; ijeriiis omne, were 'symnietticaily, arranged on'the old gum stump. -Our bright- i coioUWdings helped to make the otherwise • roughr^oking shakedown appear a most luxurious Couch, while our pots, pans, billie% &c.;, were hanging in quite a homely, fashion round' the whitewashed walls. Evidently the young lady was a good hand at driving nails. "What do you think of it?" enquired the fairy- Of the grotto. "Charming," I; exclaimed; "perfectly enchanting! With you to. keep the place' in its present state - of' perfection I could; stay here for ever; . it would be'the very personification of love in a cottage." " Oh! yes, I have ho doubt, Sir," returned iny chatty agreeable visitor; " 1 do' aU the'Work, and yen do all the admiration— very likely—no thank you. But come/let as see about tea;" and then she bustled aboht, and cut the inevitable chops .and. placed them on the fire, and made the damper, and took down the two brightest of the billies, and laughed add chatted in the most charming manner all the time; ' setting me little jobs, and looking on with an irresistibly comic expression on her; countenance while I attempted clumsily to J execute them,' malting fun at my new chum notions as to the best method to build tip'a. fire, and positively shrieking when I apologized for not being able to offer her any plates. Never shaU I forget that Christmas afternoon, or the picture of that fairy young' girl," darting here and there like - a light hearted bird, peering into the hut^-whicb sbe' would persist in calling the commissariat— for salt and pepper, overhauling our pack-' ages for knives and forks, and returning in great glete, just as the chops were cooked, triumphantly carrying a bottle of Worcester sauce; which she had conjured up from some odd corner or other, heaven knows where, for I could ndt remember its being included in our stores. And what a meal it was to be sure ; with what evident pride did she make the tea; with what a hearty appreciation of her own culinary powers did She - recommend the chops; how she laughed, and joked, and \- hummed short snatches of oldballads of iny childhood, forgotten by me years ago, but recalled to mind by her sweet plaintive voice.Yes, irreconcilable as it may seem with the gaiety of her disposition; there was a low plaintive strain in her singing and'a. mouinlul pathos in her voice, which/with all its sweetness, made one-feel unutterably sad to hear:-: She was a most inexplicable,' mysterious creature—one moment all fun and - gaiety, and the next a dim/ almost imper ceptible shadow would cross -her laughing face, like that of some fieecjr dona crossing a sun-lit landscape at mid day; a troubled, anxious expression would: steal into her beautiful: blue-eyes, and herwhole manner would1 bear1 that abstracted, - - absent - minded ; - appearance which" is so frequently noticeable in those who have some heavy sorrow at heart. Tea finished, and it being one of those glorious nights which -are seen to such per fection in South Australia, my frank and fairy-like' companion and myself sat by the glowing embers of the slumbering fire and talked. A full moon placidly beamed over the whole wide expanse of country, - and: glistening on the" shiny foliage' of the dense scrub that stretched a Way above,-below, and all around us, made it look like one vast silvery sea. The evening wind sighed . mournfully, like the murmur of: the. distant sea, through the waving sheaoaks; the. curlew's melancholy whistle was caught up and re-ecohed far and near; the bellhird's monotonous note rang" out across the forest; the chirp and hum of insect life only made the silence seem more impressive; and there, in the midst of the Australian forest, satl, a London- barrister, with a beautiful, mysterious young girl, whose name f knew not, and whose ethereal face I might never see again after the morrow had separated us. - The romance of our position, the solemnity of the • hoar, and the associations of the.; season, naturally turned pur thoughts, .and thence our conversation, into* the channel of ghost stories, visitations of/spirits, and, unexplainable spectral appearances, and so; from one thing to another we drifted into daring speculation concerning the super-, natural—a theme which to my .'companion - evidently possessed considerable charms, and: one oh which she was singularly eloquent.; "With the introduction of this topic herwhole nature Beemed to change. She was no, longer a laughing, merry girl,; but a, thoughtful, wondering, mysterious woman; her cheek blanched, her ey^s brightened,: and,her voice became so hushed andTowthat. its whispered sibilants positively startled me.; with .their fearful distinctness. ; No idea, however wild, seemed too mad or too daring for her credence, and the more startling the nature of the theory propounded, the more implicitly did she appear to. believe .it. "I suppose that you, like most other people," said she, after a pause in the con versation, "have occasionally had : the strange feeding come over' you^that some thing you. are saying or doing has : all happened to you before." >■ 1 confessed to having felt this peculiar consciousness, but added that I generally laboured under the extraordinary kalln cipation when I felt bilious, or at all out of sorts, and therefore I attributed it solely toi soine derangement of the system. " Non sense," said my imaginative companion; ""it was the inner consciousness and dim mysterious memory of a former existence making itself felt through the snperincum fceht weight of your present body. Do. yon know, 1 thoroughly believe that great historical personages, people, endowed with extraordinary gifts—that is, certain brave spirits, brilliant intellects, philanthropic souls, pnd inventive geniuses—do actually and positively reappear upon the earth at stated periods ; I believe they never die, but lie hidden away somewhere, for vast periods of time, and then When the cycling years roll round, and the appointed time has come for their peculiar influence to be felt in the world, they walk the earth once more, in different countries perhaps, and cei$ainly. in different' bodies, but still the same men and women who lived and worked, who;did great deeds, or sinned, who flourished, or .who fell countless ages past. Nowiisten." : I did listen, and well I might, for who ever heard.such words proceeding from the hps of a fair young girl, and who would not have felt surprise at meeting with such a daring dreamer . in the wilds of South Australia! Imagine the details of the - picture—a moonlit cloudless night, a lonely Australian sheep-run, and dense scrub and gloomy forest all around; and then the foreground—a smouldering camp fire, beside which lounged a man claa in rough bush costume, and smoking a short pipe—myself—and near him, a tall fair girl, the fire-light suffusing her ghostly-looking dress with a roseate glow, her eyes sparkling with a mysterious and almost ^startling brilliancy, her long golden hair ; hanging down over her shoulders, her little white hands folded in each other, and her whole frame trembling with suppressed excitement—imagine this, and dp not express surprise if Town that I felt thoroughly mystified and unnerved. "Now, listen to my story," said this beautiful young creatine. " Recalling the time when! was a mere child in pinafores, and looking back to the very earliest days of my life,: X have a distinct remembrance of always having felt this dim and intermittent recollection Of a. previous existence. A gleam of sunshine, a cold silvery moonbeam, that awful hush which at times is absolutely felt in the midst of-some bright, summer day, the, murmuring of ;.the ; wind amongst the tipes, a shadow cast across my path by some fleecy cloud placidly sailing o'er the heavens, 4he tone of a voice, .the sound of running Water, and the roar of the sea, all brought wad ti^atiely'.oia.; 11 "and actedagfes add' aged. igp.'. Inftny bhildisti:. wonderT strove to hoi ve* the pijrsteiy, arid - accounted by a thousand wild theories for1, the Strange imprfeBsion. Curious t& relate—, curious as I tteemeditthen; bit ah! how little I knew of the workings Of the deathless _ spirit—curious to relate,' atsuch. moments: my * mind ' teyariahly wandered Off to the' gorgeous East: ; Once'again I shwthe lovely; hills and vfdl&ys; bf old Palestine; I felt its clear buoyant atmosphere, and inadvertently I frequently found .myself-Jregretting the happy days when I was'a proud, high spirited, young Eastern maiden, Atschpolftop, no study -poBsessed such a charm for me as the peroral of Hebrew history, particularly that portion of It relating to, .the earlier wars of the Jews with the Kings of Moab and of Canaan. ■ " Much my governess marvelled, at so curious ataste being exhibited by one so young, and, t myself, as I grew older, began to wonder What 'caused such an apparently dry and .unmteresting. subject to . afford me so mnch pleasure. What could it be that awakenfetfsuch a "warlike spirit in my heart when I read of these heroic deeds done three thousand years ago?; What was it that made these stories of the past seem to possess a peculiar significance forme? What; was it that identifiedme with so many of the pictured scenes? In vain, in vidn were all1 my conjectures;/ bnt atlastthe day came that was to sweep away ;all doubt and mystery for ever, that was to unfold the awful cortaih of thepast, and show me what I really was and had been. I remember it was a clear" bright spring morning, and I was sitting by the creek that ran through the bottom of our garden, reading the fourth chapter of Judges, a portion of Scripture which had always made a wonderful impres sion on my mind " The creek bubbled past me, the birds sang, the gam trees waved their long pendant foliage in the morning breeze, and there I sat, Bible in" hand, with one finger between the leaves to mark the place, wondering, wondering what , this mystery of my life conld mean; and then in a moment, like a flash of inspiration, I knew quite well that which the secret promptings' of ray spirit had long endeavoured to explain. "I was Jael. the wife of Heber the Kenite, who killed Sisera by driving a- nail into his temples as he slept in the tent." When the imaginative girl made this astounding assertion, I was completely dumbfoundered, and conld only sit and gaze at her in astonishment. And then tnere gradually came over me an inkling of the truth. Snrely she must be some unfortunate being, who, although perfectly rational on all other points, was still incurably, insane on this one particular subject. I had frequently met with spch . cases in my professional experience, and;doabtless beheld an instance I before me now, Then I called to mind her gay and sprightly demeanour earlier in the evening,■.•her intense appreciation of :the ludicrous, her merry laugh, her inimitable: mimicry, and especially remembering the latter trait in her character, ! came tothe conclusion that she was only making fan of. me, and to continue the. joke remarked, "But how about Heber, yoor husband, he is not 8till alive, is he?" " Do yon not see," said she, " that this only bears out my argument, and helps to strengthen . the theory that it is only .those beings who have. to exert a ceitam influence, '.suther for good, or evil, on their fellow-men, that are per mitted, nay more compelled, to revisit the. earth. Who waa Heber? ^What do we know of Heber? Nothing, excepting that he was a Kenite and the husband of Jael. - But his wife, Jael! she was a Woman amongst a thousand; : a woman whoBename was. destined never, te:be forgotten as long as history -endures; she did- a: deed that has; filled all the: world with horror, , and sucha woman as.that can never die.: And I did that.deed; I killed' Sisera. . I: remember it: all now, the .cool shadowy tent, the heavy - breathing of the worn-out beaten Captain, the nail, thehammer, the deadly .blow, and thelast expiring straggle of the. murdered: Sisera. And now I am here upon the earth again; in another, country, in a different body, and under, a changed name, bat never theless Jael—the same, the very same woman:. who three thousand yearn ago struck the trea cherous blow "which made the mighty Sisera. to be feared no more for ever. Anditisall some dayte here-enacted, I know it is; JI j shall meet Sisera again, andfate will impel me: to hill him, aslkilleddiimloiigagoin my husband's tent - upon, jthe: plain ?of Taaiaim " And then the strangeyoong girl ' looked at me long and earnestly, and!after a silence of hornet few. minutes, continued,. "And. I shall soon meet himagain; If eel thatthe hour is drawing nigh when the deed: of my life mnst be accomplish wl/and then, it may be my spirit will be allowed to rest for inimmberable ages once autre,- and who r can say what strange events may be tran spiring when I walk theearthagain?" His Was too absurd altogether, and only ! tended to confirm theL suspicion which had gradually been forcing itself info a certainty that my companion'waisplaying me a toic t, - Just, however, as IwaSaboutto make some remarks, proving the fallacy of her argu ments, the young lady rose and said, «WeU, - I think it's nearly timewe finished^ this melancholy conversation, ! see you are' getting sleepy, I suppose >1 -muBt- lmake myself comfortable • in Bob's chanty for to night, andto-morrbw I hope yonr friends 'will come and- take -me back to my uncle's : station, See that my horse is 611 right, will you, ^please ; hn\l c now,' '-good' nigbt,: and: having missed ^spending a merry Christmas, imay yon have a happy NCw Year." -''With this ■ the fairy- like and totally incompre hensible creature vanished into the hut. : Saving attended to hercbmmahds're specting the horse, I Sat for a short time over the fire smoking mylastpipe, and. ma sang over my late . eompambhb queer story.' By degrees, however,iny' .ideas ' became confused,'and so gradually I. drifted ! off into sleepi I cpnld not have bebn asleep for more than a couple of hours when I become' suddenly aware, r in ' the most mysteiiohB - manner; that - some ohe: was kneeling over me. 1 was not awake. I knew perfectly weffllTvas. not thoroughly awake, and yet I icould distinctly hear the notes of a weird wild song floating but flpqn the mid night air;! could feel the worth breath of. the singer fanning my! brow, andob, horror ! I could plainly see; with a vision' Wholly unexplamable and ^^maturkl,' ,'iny beauti fnl girl comnanion;' my strange mysterious visitor, leaning over .me, enchanting my senses lyith her low .mournful song, gating down upon me with looks of demoniac hatred, and adjusting to my temple a long sharp-pointed nail, while the lifted hammer' was poised high above my head to strike the dreaded blow. r It was no dream, no nightmare; I saw.it. distinctly* and yet, strange to say, f conld not open my eyes, i straggled and ! gasped for breath, and with pne last, despairing effort - succeeded in throwing my arms out wildly, just catching my murderess's arm as it was about to descend and drive away nay life. A fearful shriekrentthe air, and then,; then I saw, with open staring eyes a-rift with shuddering .horror, my fair and beautiful, companion rushing hurriedly into the hut At this- dread realization of my prophetic vision I almost swooned away, and I was so unnerved and frightened by the circumstance : that I found it quite impossible to sleep any more that night. Pipe after pipe did I smoke, and whether it was the .soothing effects of the narcotic or the plain un romantic light of day, I do not know, but no sooner bad the sun risen over the eastern hills than I began to doubt the whole occurrence, vividly- as -it 'had been impressed upon me during the lonely . hours of night, and at last came to the abrapt conclusion that, after all, it must have been a dream, a veiy real, an awfully real dream— but still nothing else. _ While I was debating in my mind as to whether I, should ;inform my strange visitor of the curious effect her < wild story had upon me, I suddenly placed my hand on something hard and cold, and ah! - incontrovertible evidence of the- grim reality of my midnight - horror,, there lay the nail and hammer as they had fallen from the grasp of the startled maniac or murder* ess in the tangled grass beside me. Jhen. it iw« no virion, bat had' afl ebcarred: exactly'' jaarl saw it 1 Andnow, wh^wairt toJ<fo? " * ; i As .if to answer my pe^IexpimimTOS'PQ' jthe subject, my <^grfo^D^ wiete' broken in April by the sudden opening of the hut"door,, .giving, egress to the beautiful brit terrible' jyoung ml, who came forward gaily staging, land bidding me good morning- m a-Eght : ! happy tone, as though she were quite iincapableof having entertained designs upon, | my life. & few hburs back. "; "lam afraid;" I said she, actively "putting more logs upon' : the firbI aid afraid wetalked agreat deal' of nonsense last night, bnt dfcese calmmoon i light nights always have such a peculiar effect upon me, and besides; one is allowed to'be a little superstitions on Christinas night." - " Yes,".retumed l almost afraid to truest myself .to- more than monosyllables. " Well, I wonder where' your friends. can haVe got to,1' continued -the cheerful young lady; "I wish they would turn up, and' then we might have'quite a jolly breakfast party." "YeS," said I, glad to find an excuse forgettihg away; "Ithink I will go to the top of the hili and look; for them while the water.is boiling.*' "Do, and if you see any signs , of them be sure and cooee, but 1 forgot, you are a new chnm; never mind, oau them up somehow, for I am quite impatient "to get home again, and allay my uncle's anxiety at my absence." " Oh, yes, I will certainly cooee, new chum or not,". thought I to myself; "no-more solitary melds with a resuscitated Jael, thank yon, miss." And so I took my abrupt departure, climbing with more haste than the circum stances appeared to warrant to' the hill-top.. Vainly did 1 scan the snrrounding country for anyrignsof my missing friends, and although I ceTtainly felt a vague sort of idea that it wduld be, taking all things into consider-, ation, rather a good plan to wait upon, the hill-top and-watch all day rather than return to the young lady below, still the pangs of hunger and the thought of breakfast induced me to commence the descent toward the hut. Very reluctantly did ! proceed, however, -and when I had reached about half-way down the hill-side, once again, and for tire third time during those two eventful days, was I startled by the weird melan choly song, which previously had announced the arrival of my strange. visitor. Wonder ing what it might portend, I hurried forward a step or two, and peering through the trees, caught a glimpse of my mysterious com panion seated airily upon her handsome black steed, and galloping gaily down the white sandy track. Her long golden hair rising and falling'in the morning breeze, her snowy garments. flowing far' away behind, her soft rounded arm waving me a graceful farewell, and her sweet sad voice mournfully wailing forth the notes of her song. So she rode away out of my right, as £ thought, and at the moment hoped, forever; and yet so contrary- is human nature that before she had been gone five minutes, I almost longed to have her back again. . \- However, I endeavoured to seek consola-: tion in ; "the cup which cheers ' but not inebriates," and Upon reaching the. camp fire found my breakfast all prewired,- chops cooked to a turn, damper baked, and tea made; ' As Ihad no fear thatmylate lively young companion would attempt to accom-' plish her playful ends by the means bf poison, seeing, that -a tenpenny nail and-a good strong sledge hammer seemed te be more in her way, I pit down fearlessly and made a. hearty meali ' ';: 'V' Soon after' I had finished breakfast; my friends put in an appearance ; and the Jirat greetings Over, and explanations of their long absence being given, the horses having got amidst a indb. running on the ranges' a mile or two off; I of course immediately began to tell ' them of .my adventures and tiiestrangeviritorwhohaa bououredme with a caff duruiig their search. : At first, they utterly disbelieved my story, then they" treated the whole affair as a capital Joke, and lastly, upon my solemn asseveration: that ! had stated nothii^ batthe absolate truth; they agreed with me thatit was Certainly very romantic and so forth, and the young lady must have'beCn a strahge creature ; but as for mydream,' or whatever it mayhave been, why the less said about it the better. And this'wasall the impres^on ruy adven tures appealed to make on them. 'r,'r ' But 1 was not so -easily satisfied on. this score, and 'determined to devote * the remainder of my , stay in the colony to the solving of the mystery, mid at last, after; nearly two years of aearch, I have been snccessfuL About thibe' months since, when J had giyen.up all hopes of ever tracing Oat the' stTabge young lady, ot,my Christmas, in the, bosh, 1 received an invitation tio attend a. social evening given to the! patientsat the" Adelaide Luhatic Asylum. . These .pldasaut evenings , are too. ww. kn6wn to, Adelaide people tor ihe jjjo' say anything about them,., excepting to speak in terms' of the h^l^Bt'' praise concerning the capital management .of, the establishment, the, evident happiness of' the unfortunate inmates, and the. Kindness and eonsideratiohL Shown them by.the worthy doietor and his assistant officers.,. ' . "Bet. me introduce you to a partner for the. next quadrilles;" ibinarked :the 'doctor.. <<sYou see that;^fair-haired young,lady over there; theoueih the wh^te dress. A most difficult case, .L Poor thing;, she fancies she is Jael; andis doomed to murder Siseraagain.. Sjtrijnge,isitnot?And Vshe is the niece of one ofonr wealthiest squatters, with whom she is a great favourite, and' who would spare neither time nor money to restore her' reason.. '' . r| I looked incredulously across the .long, crowded' room, Yes^ there could be no mistake.' 1 once more beheld the mysieiip.us • girl whohad produced such an awful impres sion on my*mind; who had. exerted such- a wonderful influence ipn my life.; X of course told-the good doctor my >Btory, and asked him if he thought~.it; would be unwise for . me to make myself known to the young lady after - what- had happened. He was very much astonished at myrecital, and said what 1 had told him folly accounted for her having been missed, away from home, for, two days during the Christinas of 1870. By some ineans she' had eluded her. keeper, an old nurse who had received strict injunctions never to leave her bide; butthe canning of - the maniac had been 'too much for the ; watchfulness of the nurse. - The young lady had caught and saddled and bridled a -new horse purchased that same morning from a passing mob, had riddenit out into the bush at a hand gallop, and after an absence of two days had returned home again in -a high .state of excitement. .Fever ensued, and upon her recovery she was removed to the Asylum, where she had remained ever, since, - with only slight lucid intervals. : "I think .you might speak te her," said the doctor, turning away to another friend, but watching me as I crossed- the' -room and accosted-the unfortunate girL Whether it was owing to the fact that her j mind may have been more heavily clouded that evening than usual, I cannot say; bat at. any rate, although I stayed and talked and, danced with her for more than half an hour, she evidently did not remember me, and never 1 made the slightest effort to rouse herself -I from the apathetic stupor in which I found : her, and in which she remained the whole of-1 the evening. As I leave for England next i week; and as I do not anticipate visiting ; Australia again, 1 suppose I must never { more expect to see the sadly beautiful anff never-to-be-forgotten face of my strange Christmas Visitor. The Weak and Eepaje of the Bkain. —The notion that those who work only with their brain need less food than ■ those who Labour with their hands is fallacious. Mental labour causes greater waste of tissue than muscular. According. to careful estimates, three hoars of hard study' wear out the body more than a whole day of hard physical exertion. "Without phosphorous, no thought," is a German saying; and the consumption of that essential ingredient of the brain increases in proportion totbe amount of labour which the organ is required to perform. The wear and tear of the brain are easily measured by careful examina tion of the salts in the liquid excretions. The importance of the brain as a working organ is shown by the amount of blood it receives, which is proportionally greater than that of any other part of the body. .One- fifth of the blood goes to the b:ain, though its average weight is onlv one fortieth of the weight of the body. This fact alone , would be sufficient to prove that brain-workers need more food, and better food, than mechanics and farm labourers. \- Boston Journal of Chemistry. 