VICTOBIAK NOTES. (From our own CorresDondenfc.1 ^ The ramification of Trades Unions over the world is beginning to exercise a marked check on tyranny, oppression, and spoliation, and according as these unions extend and manifest, themselves, so will justice and freedom, increase". When men'or trades cement themselves by union into a vast brotherhood^ the drones of human societ»jpttA|^lispersed, the king will: have to yield To The basket maker, and tho sweating:hind, and horny handed aitizan. will get their fair share of the goods the- gods pro vide them. The broken hearted children of toil ace put. on their mettle to earn twelve or fifteen, shillings a week, while the Commissioners'sent toreport upon the projected Portland Breakwater value a prisoner's labor at sixpence per hour, and our judges for a few hours' occupation per week,, are termed " overwrought" and have £3000 . a. year. We have State pensioners with £1000 a year for holding lucrative offices for two years, and a Governor with £10,000 a year for doing* nothing, and doing it with eclat; bnt wehave no funds wherewith lo build a harbor of refugo . at Portland, and the wrecked seamen's ghosts may still sing to the raving spirit of night-? If this noble bay was crowned ' 1 On the night that we were drowned, With a breakwater to save . * Seamen from the heaving wave, We had not been sleeping here . On a cold and watery bier. r . The Board of Scotch Fisheries erected several breakwaters on more exposed lines of coast than Portland, at some of which suitable stone was wholly absent; but here, it seems, £800,000 would be required for a simple harbour of refuge on a stone-girded coast. Of course it has been contemplated that at least a half of that sum would be expended on drone inspectors of publici works and Government contractors. The Duffy Ministry deemed a breakwater at- Portland prac-; ticable, desirable, and indispensable ; but i they' hung fire most woundily over its commencement, and now Mr. Francis and his partisans; denounce the whole scheme as a chimera. Had it been, an extra five thousand to the Governor,'the' Judges, or a state pension to Sir Damon Dund-: derhead the people clamoured for, Mr. Francis, would have been all there. / Our national industries are failing, and one of them-the stripping of mimosa bark-will perish ) this season. The squatters are purchasing up. the Duffy selections-the homes for the people." -as fast as they can get money, to do; so. The farmers are beginning to discover that Victoria will never be an agricultural country, and' political economists begin to wonder , where it will all end, or how the prodigality of our rulers can be sustained without the infliction of a pro-, perty tax. ... ? <? . r Compulsory education in a sparsely peopled country like this is a wild delusion, or a mere election cry which will soon lose its own identity;, and the people will ultimately be driven to. federation for their own safety. We have road boards, engineers, aud shire secretaries as plenti ful as hob nails, but we have no roads, and we' pay our parliamentary representatives -£300 a year for inventing new taxes. _ Dr. Johnson described patriotism as "the last refuge of a scoundrel," and if he had lived here; I do not think he would have softened his* epithet. I believe that if we had fewer "patriots" we would be better off, and'it is evident that justice like beetroot does not thrive in Victoria. Sauce for goose is not sauce for gander here, and the law which strikes John Egan at Merino, rebounds from the casque of Francis Henty afr Merino Downs, and falls helpless in the gutter; These evils flow from the apathy of our rate payers in not exerting themselves to put the right men in the right places-in Parliament and in the shire councils ; and while they con? tinue to do so they will continue to suffer, until' the finale arrives in the shape of a most oppres sive property tax, and the advent of that, crusher is nearer than many people srippose*' The "unions," however will still exert a wnole-: some- check on all existing tyrannies, and every' man should bear in mind that union is strength,/ and attach himself to a society. The laborer has never yet had his fair share of the bounties of the earth, but hitherto has groaned and sweated under a load of oppressed fortune; toiling and moiling from day to day that others may enjoy idleness and,luxury " But the day of reckoning is at hand-a great change is impending, and kings and potentates will discover that the voice of the people is more potent "than the trumpet of the conqueror: The Board of Education has deprived Hotspur of a school merely because a stiff-necked Com mittee disputed its mandate, and at the same time, and with almost-the same breath, it threatens the Hotspurians with compulsory-? education, and that absurd action may be taken as a fair sample of our legislation, » i u A h 