THE ENGLISH MAIL. [From the Register.] The budget of news for this month which the P. & O. and A. S. N. Companies steamers have made such speed to deliver at its destination presents many interesting but few sensational features. To South Australia by far the most startling item is that to be found in our latetelgrams that copper is depressed, and that prices have receded to £98 a ton. So far as we can judge this decline is a pure piece of perversity on the part of the market, or of those who bear rale over it, for according to statistics and the prospects of the trade rates instead of falling should be on the increase. In one sense the intelligence is not to be regretted, or it will repress that tendency towards unhealthy speculation which has been in course of rapid development in the colony; but on the other hand it may, to a greater extent than is at all justified by the facts, have the effect of discouraging legitimate mining enterprise. As a sort of set-off to the unfavourable news respecting this staple, it will be noted that the demand for wool is brisk, and that he private purchases made have all been at satisfactory prices. Tallow, too, has been in good request; and although the splendid harvest prospects in England and France have slightly moderated the tone of the breadstuff's market, South Australia wheat is still able to command from 60s. to 64B. a quarter. It will be some satisfaction to the Australian Colonies to learn that the position of the fracture in the cable between Port Darwin and Java has been discovered. So far from being in the neighbourhood of Banjoewangi, as we have been led to suppose, the breakdown appears to have taken place almost within North Australian waters—a circumstance which renders it all the more singular that the agents of the Company should have neglected to pay the authorities at Palmerstsn the compliment of making them acquainted with the nature of the interruption. It is evident that the repairers have been seriously obstructed in their operations, if not by the prevalence of monsoons at all events by the character of the sea bottom over which their search has extended. The idea of the cable being deposited throughout its entire length upon a muddy bed seems to have been exploded. No hint is given as the time likely to be spent in restoring communication, but possibly the Government may have special information upon this point. The few facts which we publish elsewhere ;o to support the propriety of estailishing a temporary steam service between Port Darwin and Java rather than otherwise. It will be noticed that the reports of gold discoveries in the Northern Territory, which must long ere this have reached England, have not perceptibly influenced the Northern Australian Company. The Directors still counsel the prosecution of the suit against the Government to the bitter end, and the shareholders upon whose behalf they are acting applaud their implacable resolution. The current history of events in the United Kingdom furnishes much food for reflection. The 'abour movements throughout England are as vigorous as ever, and it is difficult to forecee what the end of them will be. A peace has been patched up between the builders and carpenters and their masters, but the ranks of malcontents are being kept constantly filled. Postmen, cab men, carriers, railway porters, and many other orders of workmen have joined in the strikes, and interfered more or less seriously with the ordinary relations of employers and employed. Similar contests in France, Belgium, and Germany have called forth the interposition of the State, and recalcitrant labourers have been unceremoniously brought to reason by the strong arm of the military. But the wages difficulty is not the only social question that is perplexing the wise men of Great Britain. The agitation on the subject of the retail prices of meat is expanding far and wide, and causing bloodless insurrections in scores of parishes. The stock-breeders and butchers being inexorable in their demands for high rates, a sort of lock-out hasinmanyplacesbeen organized, and Australian beef and mutton is being resorted to to keep up the courage of the greatly aggrieved consumers. Moreover we learn that the coal famine is becoming more and more formidable, an all-round increase of 10s. a ton for coals being reported. One Railway Company has begun to draw its supplies from Belgium, and several others have resolved upon raising their fares to com pensate them for the increased cost of victualling their steam horses. In politics one of the most significant movements of the day is the establishment of a new Association having a singularly com prehensive and liberal programme. The new organization has already brought together various discordant elements of the democratic type, and is not unlikely to become a power in the State. The Glad stone Government have contrived to struggle through the session, and to carry with them at least half a dozen of their most important measures. Amongst these may be enumerated the Ballot, Mines Regulation, Licensing, Army Reform, Scotch Education, and Health of Towns Bills. The Ministry have massacred a hoBt of hapless innocents, the ghosts of •which will haunt them during the recess, and give them trouble upon the reassembling of Parliament. In the Royal Speech at the prorogation special allusion was made to the tranquil and prosperous state of Ireland—an allusion which, to say the least of it, was premature so far as the tranquillity was concerned, for we find that before the end of Auscust violect disturbances took place in Belfast, resulting in a great destruction of property and the loss of several lives. Later telegrams report the partial restoration of order, but the latest makes the ominous and somewhat mysterious announcement that the Riot Act had had to be proclaimed in Belfast. These riots appear to have nothing in common with the effigy - burning tumults following upon Judge Keogh's deliverances respecting the Galway election. It will be observed that the Government have sided with His Honor in reference to that affair, and have ordered the prosecution of twenty three of the ecclesiastics who participated in the disgraceful Droceedings so trenchantly denounced by him. The Alabama affair has now narrowed itself down into a very small compass. So near to a final settlement has the question been brought that Mr. Gladstone has begun to exult in anticipation over the Geneva judgment as a triumph for international arbitration. It is believed that England will, after all, be let off upon payment of three or four million sterling. On the Continent peace reigns, and there is every prospect of its being continuous. A meeting has just taken place between the Emperors of Germany, Russia, and Austria, "but the idea of its boding evil to Europe is repudiated. Even France is satisfied that it hLs no hostile significance. BURNT.—About a week ago a child of Dr. Merten's, of Truro, was most frightfully burnt and from the effects died on Wednesday afternoon after much suffering. The child, only four years old, was left in a room, and mustfcave played with the fire, when the flames caught jts clothe?, and it thus received the fatal injury. 