B 8tt. [From Chambers's Journal.] w 1 was 011 duty as head-guard of e up north train when what I am out to tell you took place. It ppened one wet and sto-imy tiimti evening just about dusk, w well 1 remember the time ! My rncy for the day was over, and e train was just drawing up to the atform at Park End Station—Park d is a Very busy place now, as I iVesay you are aware, and it was a • place even then—when I heard dden sharp try of'Man down !"' some of the porters. The "very e moment, as it seemed, my van, ich was at the tail end of the in, gave a strange sort of jolt, as ugh the wheels had-been lifted off metals and had gone over someng soft. I turned cold from head foot, and letting go the handle of break, was out of my van in a pie of seconds. There the poor ow was, sure enough, lying about yard away from the hindmost eels, a heap of clothes and ken bones. Jn attempting to get t before the train had come to a nd still, he had slipped down tween the carriages and the platm. One carriage and my heavy ;ak-van had go"e over him. I was e first man that leaped down on the line to lift him up We got on to the platform as tenderly as ip could ; a ring of porters, guards, d passengers formed round us. A uple of lanterns held aloft lighted the ghastly scene. He whom I d in my arms was a man between and sixty years old ; his sandy r and his sandy beard were fast «ing grey He had a sharp foxyking face, like that of a man keen' a bargain, and well /able to take re of his own interests. He was ainly dressed in black and grey, t with a certain stamp about him ich showed that he was both a ntleman and a man well to do. or fellow ! he was very near his d. He had given utterance to no cry when he first fell, aud one or two w moans were all that now told his ony. His lips moved as though he uted to speak to me, but only a int murmur came from them. I nt my ear close to his mouth, but en then I could not make out what wanted to say. He groaned and ut his eyes, and I thought he was ne; but in a moment or two his es opened, and again he tried to ak, but in vain. Then, (or about long a time as it would take me to unt twenty, his gaze met mine with expression in it of such yearning iety and terrible despair as I have cr seen since and hope never to see ~n. Then a sudden spasm crossed ace,changingits wholcexpression; ^ung one arm out quickly, his fell back, and he was dead. A tcher -tyas brought, on which the / was carried to the dead-house he hospital, there to await the jquest. The dead man had do iggage with him but a small black "g; but there were papers about m sufficient to prove his identity, is, name was Muxloe, and he lived i-ondon. He was a bachelor, aud ad chambers in the Temple; and is business, as far as I could make ut, seemed a sort of cross between hat of a lawyer and a money-lender. After the inquest, at which I was called as one uf the chief witnesses, the body was claimed by the relatives, and I thought that I had seen aud heard the last of Mr Muxloe. I went about my work as usual, but I ould not get out of my memory that °ok of terrible despair which had ashed from the dead man's eyes into mine during that last minute of his life. - It haunted me by day, and it haunted me by.-jiight when I Was at work and when I was asleep. Do what I would I could not get that ghastly face, with' its strange yearning gaze, out of my mind. Poor as I as,- I would have given much to know what" it was that Mr Muxloe was so despairingly anxious to tell me A. month or more passed away, and although the poor dead gentleman was often in my thoughts, 1'had quite recovered my cheerfulness, when .the strangest thing happened to me. I was acting as guard that week to the 9a.m down express. We had stopped at Clay woods, a station about thirty , miles north of Park End : I had got out of my van as usualf to see after the passengers ; I had made everything right; and was just about to give the starting signal with my whistle, when, as I walked alongside the train, glancing into a compartment here and there, whom should I see sitting in one of the carriages, as plainly as ever I saw anything in my life, but the dead man, Mr Muxloe ! You might have knocked me-down with a feather, as the saying is. My blood turned cold to see in his eyes the same strange look of which I, have already spoken. Itwasa look that wentthrough me, and chilled my heart with horror. How I contrived to give the signal for the train to start, and got back into my van, I never knew; but we had got half a dozen of miles from Clay woods before I seemed to come to my proper senses. All that I could do, as soon as I was able to think more calmly, was to doubt the evidence of" my own eyes. I was an utter disbeliever in ghosts or apparitions of any kind. I would not believe that I had seen anything out of the common way in the present case; I chose rather to think that I had been a victim to some freak of my imagination. I had quite persuaded myself that such must he the cftse by the time we drew up at our next station ; still, it was not without a little shrinking of the nerves that I walked quickly past the carriage where I had seen the ghost, or whatever it was. There was no ghost there now—and I laughed a little spiteful laugh to myself. In fact, two old ladies had just had the door of the very compartment opened for them, and were being thrust in with their boxes and bundles. I saw the old ladies comfortably seated, aud shut the door on them myself; and as I did so, I unthinkingly read off the number of the carriage in which they had taken their places—that number was B 88. There seemed to me a familiar ring about the words B 88, and I kept repeating them over to myself after the train was fairly under way again, puzzling my memory to think where I had heard them before. At last it all flashed across my mind; B 88 was the number of the carriage from which Mr Muxloe was in the act of alighting when he missed his looting and fell,! The number had been brought up among other evidence at the inquest, and had there impressed itself on my memory. There was something odd about the affair that I didn't half like; perhaps the ^apparition was my death token, and had been sent to warn me. For the remainder of ^hat ; j|ay my thoughts w^re fiir froinicotofoiitable. Next day, IwasordiereH away in charge of a special, and I did not go out any more that week with the 9 a.m. express. The week following it was my turn to go out with the 9.15 p.m. mail ; it was a train that as a rale, carried very few passengers. White Ash was one of the stations, and at it we stopped for three minutes to pick up aud set down post office bags. We were just on the point of starting again, and i had just taken my usual look aloug the length of the train to see that everything was secure, when : —as you "will already have, guessed —I was again startled by seeing the ghost of Mr Muxloe sitting all alone in the middle compartment of a first class carriage. That carriage was the hateful B 88 ! The light from the roof shone down full and clear on the dead man's face: it Was stony and expressionless, except for the vivid light in those deep-set eyes, which jjazed into mine with that same terrible ycarnins; of which I have spoken before, a.s though it had some dread' secret on its mind,, and could obtain no rest till it had revealed it to me. 1 was still looking—breathless, spell-bound —and I seemed to have been looking for minutes instead of seconds when it slowly uplifted a lean forefinger, and beckoned me to go to it. This was more than 1 could bear; I fainted clear away on the platform. When I came to myself, the train had been sent forward in charge of another guard, and 1 was lying in one of the waiting-rooms, where the station master and his daughter had been doing their best to bring me round. Well, my nerves were so upset that it was almost a week before I was fit to go on duty again. I had plenty of time, while sitting at home to turn the whole affair over and over again in my mind. I came to the conclusion that it was very likely I should see Mr Muxloe again—perhaps often again. But arguingfrom all I had heard and read about ghosts, they had no power given them to barm one; all that they could do was to appear unexpectedly at strange times and places, and so make themselves as unpleasant as possible. The upshot of it was, that having made up my .raind that I should see Mr Muxloe agaiu, I tried to so nerve myself as to be able to look on him without being overmuch afraid. After I got to work again, you may be sure thit I looked carefully before starting on each journey to see whether that confounded B 68 formed part of my train. I had got an idea that I should never see Mr Muxloe except in connection with that particular carriage, and, as the event proved, I was right. The first time that I found B 88 formed part of my train, was about five days after my recovery. There it was one morning, when I went ou duty, staring at me as brazen as you please. I seemed to pick it out instinctively from all the other carriages, f won't say that my heart didn't flutter a little when I first marked it. I kept my eye on it, and was not a little pleased to see a gentleman and his two sons get into it about two minutes before starting. A glance at their tickets showed me that they had booked through to a point about fifty miles beyond where I gave up charge of the train. Not being able to have the carriage to himself, Mr Muxloe did not, on that occasion, put in an appearance. Two days later, B 88 was again included in my train. This time, the middle compartment remained unoccupied. From the moment that fact was clear to me, I felt sure that I sliould see Mr Muxloe before the end of my journey. Knowing this, you might, perhaps, ask me what need there was for me to go near that particular carriage at all—or even, if I had to pass it why I could not keep my eyes > turned another way.. Jf such questions were put to me, my only answer would be, I couldn't for the life of me, keep away from the carriage. As often as the train came to a stand my feet seemed to drag me past it against my will, and then my eyes would turn and look whether I wished them or not. Well, I did see Mr Muxloe several times before the end of that journey. We stopped at four stations — the train was an express one—and four separate times did I see him- But if f had seen him a thousand times, r felt I could never become familiar .'with him— never regard him with anything but a mixed feeling of the deepest awe and aversion—a feeling too intense for me to describe to von in any words. He seemed to be always on the look-out for rne,-and for nobody else. The moment I came in sight of him his terrible eyes would meet mine, and then my heart would shrink within me, and every nerve in my body wouM quiver with dread unspeakable. Always, too, he beckoned me with his longlean forefinger—but I took good care never to obey the summons. I don't want to trouble vou with too many details. It is enough to say that every time I took out B 88 as a part of my train, and every time the middle compartment was unoccupied, so sure was I to see the ghost of Mr Muxloe. You see, it was a thing 1 dared not talk about, for tear the company should say that a man who was in the habit of seeing ghosts was not fit to be gu-trd of a train, and should send me about my business in consequence. 1 did, however,- talk about the ghost once or twice to my wife, and got called a fool for my pains. But what else could a married man expect ? Wives, as a rule, don't like other people to call their husbands fools, but they don't object to make use of that objectionable little word themselves. Well, sir, time went on, and my life a 1 most becamc a burden to me. 1 was a haunted man, and I had no means of getting rid of my tormentor. I went offmy feed. I no longer enjoyed my dinners us I had been used to do. My evening pipe no longer soothed me. 1 began to go more into company, and to frequent the bar parlor of an evening oltener than was good for me. You see, I could not bear the company 6f my own thoughts. I never liked to sit by myself after dark. Even' my sleep was broken, and disturbed with dreams of that terrible ghost, It was soon after Mr Muxloe first bt;gan to trouble me in this way that I made up my mind to "ascertain whether he could be sueu by anyone beside myself. One clay, when he had travelled with me all the way from Park Eud to the end of my journey, and we had drawn up for the collection of tickets, says I to one of the collectors, who had passed his compartment as though it were empty, and having my eye on the ghost all the time—says I: " Bill you have forgotten to collect that old gent's ticket in the middle compartmeat of B 88." ' Have I V says Bill, and with that he goes back and opens the door of B 88 ( Why, you old dulfer, the compartment's empty," says he next moment, giving the door an extra bang. * Empty is it?' says I, innocent like. ' Ah! now I recollect, the old gent got out at the last station." But the dread that was upon me deepened when 1 found that the apparition could be seen by no one but myself. Four, or it may be five, mouths had gone by from the date of Mr Muxloe's death, when my health broke down—so much so, that I was ordered away for u month to my native air. Change of air and rest, the doctor said, would probably make a man of me again. 1 had not given him the least hint as to the real cause of my illness : I was afraid I should only be laughed at for my pains. Well, I weut away down north, and there I picked up appetite and strength wonderfully. Mr Muxloe never troubled me once; indeed, I had not expected that he wo&ld; do so, B 88 being far away from me. So it fell out that by the end of my holiday I had grown so strong and hearty as almost to be able to laugh at myself as a whimsical fool who had allowed himself to be frightened by a shadow. I fully made up my mind that rather than let myself get into such a low ner- vous way again, I would give up my situation as guard, and set up in some other line of life So the end of my holiday came, and I started back home one frosty afternoon in early spring time, looking forward with pleasure to seeing the old woman and my two lads again, and wondering how my mates at tbe station had been {retting on while I had been away, it was eight o'clock and had long been dark, when I reached Carnhope Junction—that is, the junction with our own line, a place eighty miles from Park End. The guard who had charge of the train from Carnhope was an old mate of mine. For the first twenty miles I travelled with him in his break, and we had a quiet smoke and a chat together. Then, feeling inclined for a snooze, I left him and got into an empty second- class compart meu'r Here I wrapped mysell well up, aud was asleep in three minutes. I must have slept tor about an hour, when 1 awoke with a start, and could not make out ibr a minute or two where I was. I was still rubbing my eyes and looking round with a gape, when I saw something that brought me to my senses with a shock as-if 1 had been suddenly thrust overhead in ice-cold water—inside the door of the carriage in which I was .sitting was marked up the fatal -lumber Bs8! Alt the feelings aud fears which I had flattered myself had vanished for ever came back in a rush as I read over the number to myself in a frightened whisper. The thought that B 88 would form part of tbe train in which I should travel back home after my holidays had never entered into my calculations. I had never thought to look at the carriage before getting into the train at Carnhope Junction, aud, in consequence of this neglect, a strange fate had led me into the very p'ace of all others where I would least iiave wished to be. B 88 was a composite carriage—that is to say, the middle compartment was a first-class one, while the two end compaitmeuts were second-class It was in one of the>e latter compartments that I was now sitting. The middle first-class compartment was the one haunted by the ghost of Mr Muxloe. I hardly know how to describe to you the feeling that now took possession of me. It was neither more nor less than an intense longing to leave the compartment in which I was sitting and make my way, by means of the foot-board outs de the carriage, as far as the window of the next compartment, then peep in, and see whether the ghost were already there waiting for me. I tried to fight against the insane desire •—I did fight against it with all my strength, but in vain. There was some power within me that I found it impossible to resist. I was like a man walking in his sleep, whose actions are beyond his own control; except that 1 knew quite well what 1 was about, and, in all respects but one was as collected, aud as much in my proper senses, as ever I had been in my life. I could not stop to ar^ue with myself; I could not stop to reflect. Tbe impulse that was upon me grew stronger with every moment's delay. I had opened thecarriage-door and was ou the footboard, with the cold night air blowing keenly around me, almost before I knew that I bad stirred from my seat. We were going along at a tidy pace—about thirty miles an hour—but I had no fears as to my safety—I had passed along'the footboards when the trains were at full speed too often for that. Very few steps brought me closc io the window of the middle compartment. The window was open, aud I could see everything inside as plainly as I can now $ee you who are sitting beside me. There was only one passenger in the compartment—Mr Muxloe. Yes ; there he sat, with bis dreadful eyes staring straight into mine—looking bluer, colder, more ghost-like than ever. Then his long lean forefinger. was slowly raised beckoning pie to eater. All power of resistance hail been taken from me. Slowly I opened the door, and slowly I got inside— never taking my eyes from off his lor a moment—then I shut the door j behind mi*, and sat down opposite ! him. * j • /To be concluded in our next.) 