THE REV. A. ROBERTSON ON EDUCATION. I A lecture on the education question was given by the Rev. A. Robertson, at the West Melbourne Presbyterian Church, last night. He began by stating that the present Common Schools Act, introduced by the late lamented Mr. Heales, had to deal with schools established prior to its coming into force, so that the field was not then entirely clear for an entirely new system. There were then in existence both a denominational and a national board. That act contemplated providing a good secular education for the children, and a class of public schools which might gradually lead to the absorption of all denominational schools with national ones. The denominational schools had served their purpose, and it was now high time that they were swept away. But though he desired the extinction of denominational ism, he did not approve of the foolish cries raised against it. If the clergy had not taken the interest they had in education, the colony would not now occupy the educational position which it did. Ministers of religion would prove the best friends of the new system of education when it was introduced, and it was to them that Parliament should look for guidance. The Common Schools Act was passed with the view of placing the whole public educational system of the country where it should be- not in the hands of the sects, but of the citizens. The policy it contained was being pursued by the ablest and most enlightened of British statesmen. in England and in Scotland they were utilising existing denominational schools which could not all at once be suppressed, and at the same time making provision for the adoption of a completely national system, whereby the denomi- national schools would be superseded by schools not connected with churches, but based on the suffrages of, and managed by, the people themselves. The Common Schools Act of Victoria contained imperfections, some of which had been rectified by the Board of Education, not as would have been right, however, by an amending act of Parliament, but by means of the special educational vote of the Legislative Assembly. The act did not admit of grants to schools not having an average attendance of 20 scholars ; the board, however, had established rural and half-time schools in the more thinly-populated districts which had proved very useful. But a power of amalgamating schools was much needed. The board, which was a mixed denominational one, had been hampered by its own inherent weakness, and by its having to contend against and consult-outside denominational interests and feelings. It should be remanet I pated from the fetters that cramped it. The vital point at issue requiring immediate eradication or reform was denominationalism, which permeated the whole educational system. Some progress had been made towards the abolition of denominationalism. He found, from the board's report for 1870, that the number of vested schools had increased since 1802 from 193 to 167. The number of denominational schools had decreased from 513 to 434, in which were included a few private schools that ought to receive no aid, but should be connected with the Education department. At this advanced period in the history of the act, 434 denominational schools were too many: but, from various causes, which he need not particularise, the number was not likely in future to be largely or speedily reduced. The Roman Catholic schools would increase with the growth of their denomination and if the other bodies did not add to the number of their denominational schools, it was because at present they did not deem it wise or expedient to do so. The Presbyterians would have merged more of theirs into national ones but for the avowed tendency of some leading politicians towards a pure and exclusive secularism, Denominationalism should be dealt with now, otherwise it would grow stronger every day. The scheme of the present Government, as already shadowed forth, would not abolish denominationalism, or grapple with it so far as its immediate destruction was concerned. It merely proposed, besides making education free, to stop the further increase of sectarian schools. He was for the immediate extinction of German nationalism, and it might be destroyed without creating pure secularism. So far as the Government was concerned, the present system was thoroughly secular. The act prescribed four hours for strictly secular education, and prescribed no time for religious instruction. It was for the local committees and parents of the children to decide as to religious instruction. The Government took no cognisance of it, did not pay for it. Surely it was not to be seriously contended that no religious instruction could be taught by any one at any time within the walls of the public schools. In a manifesto issued by the Scottish Central Board of Dissenters, in 1839, it was declared that, to exclude religious instruction from a system of universal education, would be a very undesirable, even if it was practicable. No objections would be raised in Scotland to the Victorian educational system and pure and unalloyed secularism had not the ghost of a chance in England. It would fail in effecting one of the main objects for which a national system was desired. This sectarianism referred to would, for instance, exclude from the teaching of public schools all the truths which went to the construction of an oath in a court of law. In regard to his own scheme, there were three subjects to which he would now particularly refer, in connexion with which reform was urgently needed the existing Board of Education, the local committees, and the inequalities in the distribution of aid between vested and non-vested schools. First, as to the Board of Education. It consisted of five members, no two of whom could, by the act,' belong to the same denomination. It should be re-constructed ; its members should be taken from the citizens, not from the sects, as at present. The system restricted, he be- haved injuriously, the choice of men for the board. There should be a new board, to be called the Education department, with a secretary and president The president should be a member of Parliament, though for good reasons not a member of the Cabinet His duties should be, to preside at the meetings of the Education department give in its yearly reports to Parliament and answer, such questions as might be put to him in his place. As to local committees, the sooner they were abolished the better for education. The school inspectors complained about these local committees-they were mere makeshifts. They should be extinguished, and district boards should be substituted for them, these district boards having, instead of only one school, several schools under their charge. The present local committees were practically de- nominational in all the non-vested schools and to the extent to which any denomina- tion! succeeded in establishing schools, to the same < extent it had in its hands the educational patronage of the colony. All teachers might be legally entitled to apply for vacant schools, but did the country imagine that these vacancies were filled up irrespective of denominational preferences and connexions ? Give to the district boards the powers of the local committees in the selection and appointment of teachers, and an extinguisher would be put on this peculiar species of patronage at once, by placing all teachers on the same level, and giving to each and all of them a fair and equal chance. This idea of district boards had often been thought of by educationalists; it had been taken advantage of by Mr. Forster, in his measure for England, while it had been unanimously approved of by the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, which adopted the following resolu- tion:-"That school districts should be formed, and that the board for each district should have the supervision of all the schools in its district;" and that the members of these boards should be elected by the ratepayers and parents for a specified period, and that a certain proportion of them should retire annually, parents being ratepayers having a double vote." Such district boards would, as the Rev. Mr. Nish, of Sandhurst, remarked to Sir James M'Culloch, " work well in this colony, and would have a dignity and responsibility which local committees do not possess." In these district boards there would be men who would really advance the cause of education, while a seat in these boards would be covered by the best citizens as much as, if not more than a seat in Parliament itself, both for the honour and usefulness it would bring. He had been a member of different local committees, and he could corroborate the statements of school inspectors with regard to them. They were hindrances to education. In some of the very places where committees were required of high moral standing, there were committees and teachers of low character, having: a capacity for perjury and strong drink. In regard to the capacity for perjury, he referred to the falsification of the returns. The third, and not the least important amendment he would submit, was the placing of all schools that received Government support on precisely the same footing, whether vested in the Education department or not. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church suggest that all vested schools should be the property of the district in which they were situated ; but whether the property of the districts or vested in denominational bodies, these ought to be treated alike in regard to grants for repairs, &c.; The vested schools were privileged in this respect, and it was done purposely to induce the denominations to merge their schools into national ones, and in several instances that had succeeded, but it would not succeed now. The fact was that the denominations were beginning to feel that the possession of their schools was making them the actual masters of the situation, and hence the extreme tenderness with which it was proposed to deal with them in the present proposed measure of Mr. Francis's Cabinet, in which the Church of England schools and those of the other denomina- tions were to be continued with this proviso, that no more sectarian schools were to be permitted to go upon the public exchequer by which it was well known the Roman Catholic schools were chiefly aimed at, although the increase of such schools could be but small Such an attempt to abolish denominationalism was not deserving of the name of an attempt ; it was rather a confession of impotence ; an acknowledgement that they were afraid to touch denominationalism, except in the in- finitesimal way they had indicated, marvellously harmless to the Protestant sects, but somewhat needlessly provoking to the Roman Catholics, giving them, however, just that sufficient amount of fighting ground which they would, no doubt, turn to profitable account in that earnest struggle which the Ministerial proposals would originate, but could not possibly terminate. The programme of the Ministry, as shadowed forth by them, might be policy as practised by politicians in this colony, but it was unstatesmanlike and shortsighted. Boldly face the question, and deal with it, not on the passing prejudices and party experiences of the hour, but on the broad and enduring principles of equity and truth. Apply that maxim, abolish the Board of Education as now denominationally constructed, and establish a non-sectarian educa cation department ; sweep away the local committees as being hindrances, not help, in the way of a progressive and well conducted system of public instruction, and substitute district boards in their place and then, having freed the system from the' noxious element of denominationalism, put all the schools, vested and non-vested, on the same level, treating them alike as to buildings, repairs, c and not only as to that, but like wise in regard to their right of standing on the same platform- the vested schools having no greater claims on the Education department than the non-vested a thing which was not done under the preiontBystem, but which would now, after what had transpired, lead in future, if persevered in, to serious complaint tions and most bitter sectarian animosities. If vested schools were to have a preference over non-vested in the giving or withdrawing of and, it required little penetration to perceive how that could be brought to bear, not only on the future schools that might be established, but on those that already existed, not only those of the Church of Rome, but of the Church of England as well. The result of the whole in that case would be that all non vested schools would by-and-bye turned into private ones, and with a higher course of instruction and with a superior class of teachers, the public schools would be driven to the wall or converted into mere charity schools for the children of the poorer portion of the community. But it might be said that, if grants were given for repairs, etc, to the non-vested schools, the owners of these might withdraw from the control of the Education department, and a great deal of money might be lost to the country. He would insert a clause in the amended act to prevent this, to the effect that in the case of any common school, not vested in the Education department, desiring to withdraw from it. due notice should be given of this intention, and a valuation made of what ought to be refunded to the Education department for the grants for repairs, &a;, that had been allowed to the school. Such a power of withdrawal was essential to the efficient working of a system of public instruction. He would also submit for consideration the propriety of doing away entirely with all the limiting clauses of the Common Schools Act as to the average number of scholars required, the distances between schools, c, all which restrictions fettered the freedom, expansion, and flexibility of their public system of instruc- tion. These limiting clauses, too, were not needed, especially when the Education department would have to meet the wants of the country in regard to schools, not on denominational grounds, but on the simple merits of each case and when that department, directly responsible to Parliament, would have to satisfy the country, through its representatives, as to the equity and necessity of its procedure, In his evidence before the Royal Education Commission of which Mr. Higinbotham had been chairman, Sir James Palmer had advocated the establishment of district boards and a central board, or, in other words, an educational department, Mr. Robertson then went on to state that he approved of the conduct of the majority of the Board of Education in appealing to the Supreme Court in re the Lauriston non-vested Catholic school. The Hon. A. Mackay was supposed to represent Presbyterian interests at the board, that body had no connexion with him whatever. In appointing that gentleman a member of the board, the courtesy of communicating with the Presbyterian Board of Education on the subject had not been shown. Teachers of public schools should not be prohibited from giving such supplementary religious instruction as the parents might desire their children to receive. Care should be taken not to lower the moral character and habits of teachers, He would not have a word about religion in the new bill. It should be simply a measure for secular instruction, and should leave the matter of religious instruction to the community. The system he proposed would admit of either free education, or the payment of fees ; the choice should be left to the people. The rev. gentleman concluded with a few remarks as to the desirability of the diffusion of education. The Ballarat Star gives a horrible account of the last days Of alepor:-"On Wednesday, in the Linton Cemetery, the remains of a Chinese leper were consigned to their last resting-place. The afflicted man, who had resided in a hut on the side of the Spring dale-road, near Linton, for some years past, was in an almost unapproachable state, and his decease was a blessed relief from his terrible sufferings, as also to several persons - who! to the last kindly interested themselves in his heart-rending condition. Some time ago funds were charitably raised to provide a better hut for the wretched man than the one be occupied, and it is said that when he was crawling from his old residence into his now one the flesh was actually dropping off his bones by the way." 