CITY iWD SUBURBS. Atf action—Green v. Martin and ottwrs— was tried in the County Court on Monday, to recover £250, damages for injuries received in a collision. On the 4th alt., when X. T. Lyeett, a commercial traveller for Martin and Co., merchants, was proceeding up Bonrkft street in a buggy, and" the plaid tiff, Samuel Green, a traveller for Messrs. R. Garrett £nd Co., com merchants of Elizabeth Street, was going in the same direction'on horseback, a collision ensued, in consequence of which the plaintiff was thrown from his horse, and received some severe injuries, that presented his working for several weeks. As usual in collision cases tbe evidence was very conflicting, the plaintiff and his witnesses swearing that Lycett drove the buggy on to Green's horse, while Lycett and an omnibus driver swore that the plaintiff's horse was jrancing abont, and ran on to the buggy. 'Tie'jaryretuYfieda verdict for the plaintiff, •dimages £25. MR, C. A- SAINT, a well-known Victorian journalist, returned from China on Monday, in the sbip. Onward. Mr. Saint has been absent from this colony for about six years. THE Commissioner of Railways, accompanied by the Hon. Captain MacMahon (Speaker of the Legislative Assembly), Messrs. King, Burtt, Riddel], and J. T. Smith, M.L.A's, and some members of the respective local governments of the city of Melbonrnej, Footscray, Wyndham, and Braybrook, personally inspected thp cnlvert on the Footscray road, immediately on the north sideof the North Melbourne station, on Tuesday. Mr. Gillies admitted that a bridge should be erected, or that something else should be done. He was inclined to think the proposed bridge would cost £10,000, but the opinion of the majority of those who accompanied him was that the cost would not exceed £5000. A decision was come to that before-any thing further was done a plan arid estimates of the proposed bridge should be prepared, both on behalf of the Government and by the surveyors of the local bodies interested. THE alleged lunacy of Mrs. Matilda Virginia King, wife of Mr. King, tailor, Collins street, is likely to engage the attention of the Supreme Court. A summons was returnable on Tuesday at the District Court calling on Mr. King to show cause why he should not be committed to gaol for noncompliance with the order made by Mr. Call that he should contribute 25s. a week for his wife's maintenance, but when the case was called on it was stated that the money had been paid into court, and that notice of appeal to the next General Sessions had been served on Mrs. King's attorney. Mr. Call then adjourned the hearing of the summons until the 7th of August. THE Chief Secretary has not a very high opinion of Baron von Mueller. On- Tuesday evening Mr. Vale and Mr. James had called Mr. Francis' attention to the desirability of planting some trees for purposes of shade in the grounds of the Ballarat JLndustrialSchools, and also at Snnbury, and Mr. Francis stated that for the latter place a few hundred of the best trees in the colony had been chosen by Baron von Mueller, but, strange to say, they had nearly all died within a short time of their being planted. He, however, promised to take the matter in hand, and see that trees were planted for the purposes required. A DEPUTATION in connection with the construction of street tramways will have an interview with the hon. the Chief Secretary on Tuesday next. THE discussion on spiritism was continued on Monday, in the Independent Hall, Russell street, Mr. F. Call, P.M. in the chair. The hall was crowded with listeners, who by their cheers and hisses showed their keen interest in the progress of the discussion. Mr. Blair had decidedly the best of the argument, and dealt a fatal blow at the doctrines of spiritism by quoting the contradictory dogmas of its oracles, some of which were absurd; and others blasphemous. Mr. Tyerman, for proof of the reality of the manifestations, adduced statements of-several person's most of them from Yankee land, and claimed that in them was testimony strong: enough to satisfy a court of law. Mr. Blair called these Yankee ghost stories. 'There is to be a;,third discussion on Monday night next. THE barque Condor takes seme hundred persons from our shores. The majority of these are miners, who go to tempt their fortunes as gold hunters in 'the Northern Territory. Others, however, are of a very different turn of mind, and are proceeding (according to the Age) to Port Darwin,for purely scientific purposes. One is going; to collect, on behalf of our , Government, botanical specimens { Others are going as entomologists Few persons are.avare of the extent to which orders from England are sent to Melbourne for tbe purpose of enriching the naturalists', collections in the old ; country. One gentleman resident in the city has an order for a thousand pounds'jworth.of beetles, flies, and entomological varieties. He is specially sending a collector to Port Darwin, whose task will be to; -collect specimens' of all kinds. From crocodile skins down, to the minutest insect that can be found, nothing Will cbme amiss ^o him. ' Those peraons going by; the ^Condor flif"not the only ones who have set out for the search of specimens.' Immediately a Tessel is vfcdfrertised to leave the port j for ^y.place pn*isite)l, amqpg the flrqt to; lake iHeiirjP^Wg'e jffiwa,gentlemen jfeb to uofre<iuen.teajplaces'fltMi^hejr,way, : jh #eircli of the rsre.pnd.fflie ^antiful rih-inseot ;and l .(J^her rf(e. Jn the fflrfated^ew Gatnea ek'i', peaftibh J *fe*e J scWfl feehtlemeh -WhoSe"rirlni- ! cipalaim was W father for.the Melboirne r njai^^toio^tl^llnjnaturdhistory, .];';. tory footing. Determined that theyiZu lose nothing for -tout rf aglpng, thsvu: seemingly enlisted the Services of MM hon. members, who on Tuesday gave nZ! of questions in connection with these appJf anents.' IT is notified that the baiffiisg regulate, of the East Collingwood'Borough rwi have been passed and adopted, aud aftsT 29th inSt. will be enforced in that portal the distriot Wunded by Victoria Pajj? Smith street, Johnston street (both liTi and Hoddle street (both sides). After & 1st of Jane, 1874, the regulations will W tended to the whole Of the borongh. AMONGST other stock brought out heist, the s.s. Somersetshire is a very valulfe greyhound doc, Bine Cap, 20 months <jj ot by Derrock, sire of the celebrated Ui f og Master M*Grath, out of Belle, who M got by Blue Hat odt of Blue Eye. MwU M'Grath, it will be recollected, won g* Waterloo Cup three times consecutively i circumstance unprecedented in the annak'n; coursing, the match being open to dowrf every age and country. Dervock woaJte cups, in England and, Ireland, and BlueBn was in the list of ties for the cup in l8G and won several cups. Blue Cap was buj by Lord Ltirgari, and has been imported b Mr. D. G. Clark, of Richmond. ' A DISCHARGED prisoner named Svrenm who had only left the Pentridge StoehjJ on Monday morning last, after undergoing sentence of five years, was arrested lj Senior-constable Wilson and Constable Shi. frey, at Coburg, on the evening of then® day. Constable Wilson saw him laalai) rapid strides up Bell street towards the cab, stand with a large bundle in his posi-esson. The constable hurried on and overtook Ik, asking him where he -had come from, mi was told from the next township, hut h could not give the name- of it. By this time Constable Shaffrey was oh the spot, >jJ Sweeney was told he would have towto the lock-up, until his bundle hadba examined. He threw the bundle down, al refused to go unless the constables would® with him to the hotel. At the same fcims put his hand in his pocket, in which at* was found, but Constable Shaffrey knt. diately seized hold of him by the wrist A struggle ensued, and Sweeney being ibij powerful man, the two constables had to send for the assistance of a conple of trarao who were fortunately close at hand in lis orderly-room. On arriving at the lock-op, he told the police he would soon have upset the two of them had not assistance arrivel His bundle, on being examined, was foind to contain a quantity of Government pi» perty, consisting of vests, flannels, socks, boots, which he had evidently brought out of the Stockade after leaving a nice littlt swag of tobacco and sundries for his late '' pals." He also .bad between £3 and £4 in his possession when arrested. . THE young than James Greig, who wastrrested abont a fortnight ago. on a charge of stealing a large quantity of' furniture from Mr. W. H. Rocke, of Collins street, by AID he was employed as salesman at £3 W.i week, was taken before the City Bench in Monday. The hearing of the case lasieli dusk, though the. lawyers abstained, ia« manner which might well be followedby some of their brethren who occasionally wit the court, from unnecessarily protracting tie case. The prisoner was committed forniil, bail allowed and obtained in £400. MB. CASEY lias issued a code of regulation' for the guidance of the various land offish throughout the colony. Their object it®> compel promptitude and punctuality in » acting the public busines?. The effect<i the issue of these regulations haB been to flood thb central Land Office, Melbourne, nth a whole host of papers which appear to to been quietly pigeonholed waiting for a «»• venient season. Some of theise are six mmtlij old; one from Ballarat two years and«w old, and one received from Gipps Lindiw reached the mature age of five yew. W gentleman responsible for'this delay haiW asked'for-a small explanation. Mr, <W seems to mean woric.- - A CHARGE of perjury; was preferreilsg« u ' a constable nam'ed Marcus Richard fr^*! the Sandridge Court on Monday, :md reinM in the defendant beihg committed fortriil The proceedings arose out of a previous in which the defendant had prosecuted «M n named Andrew Dickson for resisting jjW»j the execution-of his .duty; and the allej® perjury consisted in bis having sworn on"® occasion that lie had not aated DickeonW' two other hien into the'Retreat Hotel on ® evening of 'the 10th inst.,and tireated th«» drinks, paying for .them with a ft* Evidence was given by Mis. Winder,® landUdy 1 of the hotel, to the effect tint 1 ® defetidant, was in her hotel : with Dickmn^ two other men on the hifebt in questjon, 1 ?® that they had something to; drink, p«« "J with a £l-note, but tihfe could not jtaid itl :"DicKson ' and 'Hussey, 'men refeiwed'to, stated that the defewjj 1 had treated th'em to'dHhts. The BencW®' mitted the defendant for tTial. allowin^1' himself in. £100, and two sureties ot : eacb.' < '•'• '"' J , ^ WITHIN the last few r weeks, tbe reia«® the other sidebf th'e Mfem Creek at tM.w* of the Pentridge stbekftde haB been sM«P atadinaTked otrt ih'fi'liidks f6r ! sale. • the bnly place'ay^ifsWfe in'the districts 1 ?" 'trefttioiri. : tt %:the thbotiiBg'gronp? volunteers, a'hd; thie- inUabitiintB turn;^ 'ckttle bh' Jt. ! ttfld Wis loss Thfe Coburg 'R^a'®^' is-'&Hng;^ endeiivoir,tb have''ihe gWim'd prbcb® 60 tiommon. - ' - — ! »- J '' • THB arguments in the case of Graham v. frsbsin "ere concluded in the Supreme Court on Saturday. Mr. Justice Molesworth » aerved hie decision. be the IT is said TO intention of the Trade? Union of this colony to prepare * correct statement of the condition of trades in general together with the rate of wages given in •gc'b particular branch, and as near as possible the number of unemployed belonging to each calling. This step in the right direction is deemed Advisable, in order, that a trae monthly record may be forwarded by every outgoing mail to Europe. CODBSES of evening lectnrcs on mathematics and practical geometry will be commenccd at the Industrial and Technological Museum on Thursday, 1st August. At the end of each term examinations will be held, and certificates of attendance and competency given to those who show proficiency. SOME fine specimens of breeding stock,comprising three bulls and as many COWR, arrived in port on Monday from Liverpool in the barque Birchgrove, and were viewed by Mr. Curr, the Government inspector of sheep and cattle, who pronounced them all right. As a matter of precaution, however, the animals will be placed in quarantine, for a time at least. There has also been brought out a very handsome Shetland pony. THB Sandhurst papers report that a young man named Alexander Gow MacKillop was arrested on Friday by Detective Alexander on a charge of embezzling various sums of money, amounting to over £18, belonging to Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall, stationers, of Melbourne. 