THE EDUCATION QUESrIONV. its (To the Editor of the Aigts.u) tot Sir,--Wou'ld you allow nie space for a pr few Wvords on the question of public educa tion, which I offer, partly because it is niil riiminense .mistake to suppose thait pol;ti- e ciars ,aly are entitle.Ito a say in It, portly becausLe no class has duriilg the discussion been subjected to such merciless criticisnm as the class to wlhich I beloni,-a criticism, let me say, which has been often us grossly n unfair ill substance as it has been in partin cular cases violent and abusive in fort. I am iwarned by tile pressure on your as columns to ie brief, and I will condense what I have to say witliin th~ narrowest O limits. E First, Ido not write as an out-an. oint opponent of tile bill-i.e, I do not objie dt to freeeducaition or rutldimentary branches, nor to cotmpulsory education if practicable, ke nor to seceular education dtring particular hours; but I do object its the mott em- l phatic manner to these things il the bill : =11 Its centralisation of all power over o putlic educatiln in a board lnlminated by a a pblitical chief. Tlhi will aggravate at mibehei nhlrea ly in this country sutficiently at: great, tiz., the maipitiip htin of great per- ci mauelnt interests by piersons who have no to guaranteed comnpetency for the task but TI their counlexion with a: dtlonlllnt ptulitical t party. 2 Its exchlsiori of p~irents fromon 'all choice in the selection of teachers. f \lay not a Governmenle t nominee be ablei to comei up to a particulair standard of ex- ci amin.uion, and yet labour under intellec- li trial and moral defects not to be guaged by gr exainination, wlliet might prevent a whole e dist'icet front having any confidence in hini? 3. Its non-recogiiiti i inl the failitest degree of the moral and religions liture of tile subjects of the siate. There" is not tile ghost of an argument by which thei: inelleetual culture of. the citizens caun tie provedI to be ai duty binding .oin the state, which would not' hbe a fortiori (in till the degree by which moral life is a thit inumore important than intellectual) all i argument that it is equally bound to care tr fur; their itoural and religious wellare. ithllout amendment of llthese faults and defects, I will regard the pasing of the of billl as a retrograde step in politics and a T social disaster. o Hlaving delitned lhote far I am, Cr' oni b riot; opposed io the present tieasure, I be ol to call the attention of your reiders and of ol tile public to one or two coi iderutions 'bhauin most :vtally on ' all: edu"aiiltal of legislation which have not bteen moutedl, so far as I an aware, by ally person who 11 his taken Ipart Ilt lie discu?siuot, whether E ftioll cllttrcht or state. ' 1\. Mi.iat is thu state ? Oit of the c' tl nlt;nest fallacies fl t?ting about is that the VI atate, is the ,;overnluent j that too state it suld the people are. abso)lutely distinct e ientities; that duties may be binding upon the people whichll are not binding on the state, and that certain questions may have ti a deep and deathless itterest for every mnau, woman, and child in the country, )l without the state having any share in ti thait interest or any right to give it tl political expression. Now, I combat this tl us a phtluaolphical error of the gravest character. Nothing has any rigllt to call itself a state which is not tile aggregate ofnf the crganised social life of -the entire t society- of' men livilg. 'withiii "giveln geographical ' boundaries. The state ii 1' the visible point at which that totality of c lile finds expression. IIenlo there is no v interest commontol to every monu-Which dites not by necessity become a social interest, and if a social, then also a political. How can it be argued, then, with ally philuso- f phical accuracy that theoretically a state ti has nothing to do with the religious e education of its people 4 If religion is a i necessity and nlot an accident of iian's rl stature-if it is a force if enormous power and influence where it is a reality at all if society has not tdespaird I of reacling truth about God altogether, then the state ? has simply a fearful interest inl what it creeds its citizens accept.' Not by any ft exercise of political ingenuity can it escape interpenetration with tie religious i influences operating on the mindls of the people, whilst by urtificiilly restraining itself front nil active inter ference, it either P breaks the unity of thie national life, 'set- i ting the individusl into collision at ptintis witll political and universal interests, or il gives tie weight of its ruthority tc the ex- : tunction of the religious 'force Iii s?ifrt, i whatever interests mlan 'its man iliierests the aggregate of men, i.e., the state; and the logical 'alternative for politiciius is, either prove that undler no circumstances 0 call the country ever have a cotnolnion reli-, . gious life, or admit that religioas life into a the closest connexion witl ever) human a relation, tile political include,. o 2\. Where creeds differ,;what is 'the state's duty ' If creeds differ so esset- . tially that nit, eleiellnt etltnlllon to them till call be erected into the religion of the state, it mutst either be -lat. Because the C data are dittilicult to examnine; religious o truth is reached by aluw processes, antid manifold channels of exlperience; thei best of timen mainy find it hitard tt see whati their reolations to the Eternalti are; or, 2nd, Because religioni is ai iltmpl'siitlity, there being no certain knowledge about Guol, eterlity, infinity, dte., reachable by uiall, f Nuw, I know thatr a icas. of tillnkerl dlietcur, Huxley, and atn o-i-acep. thi I. latter rlteisaitivs ; woralbil, as they aiy, ( at tle shlrine ef the Uilkll ,twable ; ibut it [ knttuv anythitig of itty feli otnten I feel certai llth;at LIhey lave Iot) etsettled ldowll t Iitso ailly such dispalr. I rveetiuilable I d itflrollcds of creaols mlltst cotlll tihet I'roli I the lirt cause, theo l dilliculty oii the sbljuet I Wllat is thu sattu's duty .ii relltitn to Sreligius ediucation meanIh'ile1 .\l,,Mt certaillly Ilot to igtioio it, , r to niglet it'. It religittus truthl is reacihltbl?' it will hb resclled ; and tile staute is illiply itactillg in its clihartcter as the expfnnllet lf the total life t of tilu coimmunlity wohen it gives every laciility for expeditiug the firtcos., T'le very least tlhat it Crasleiit)ll Ierlutls if belief a atite obhuhli doi is to fTfer it i citizons legal facilities for proptagailug whet at presuet they believe to be true religion. The very conception ofl a toler aut state allow Is i iti".ous to educatoe their dhilderion intwhat bel?ef they plesea. S. '.: io ' thu clergy utldertke the religious education of children i I answcr that , the expectation is absurd, unltljt, and crud, Absurd,- becaus it is in itself work for another profession ; unjust anl cruel be. cause the clergy are not the solo curators of man's spiritulal welfare, but only the offtce-bearers, whose duily, as detioed by ages of history, is mainly to preach to adults, to tend the oick, and to stir up and sustain an interest in all beneficial organ. ismtions whatever.- Hence they cannot by any distributiotn of time or any exer. tion ofstrength, accept A now and extreme, Id difficult class of duties... . .-Andu uow,. ftially,, a word. or two, ia puswer to aonme argumeits used byperoini iiont men inl the-Legishltive Assembly; -M'r Llgton denies that'tbheanxiety of. the chutroleie to ob:ain. ans hour for .the ' special iccolcation of religion canabeany. thing else than iI hypocritical' pretence, For what reason? ' Because the duty. hasl beezi neglected ini the past, This is a strange argumient to be used by a ima of undoubted calibre ,like ' AMr Langton.' What has-the-statestodo with the motives of the c.ergy in demanding a. particulari concession, if that concession is right in itself -. Andl by what moral logic can it- . b' maintained that muan who' have neglec. tad their.duty in the past, iought, to. be precluded froin the chance of doing' it in" time to come-nay, not obly they, but tliat everybody else must'be 'preclucled e ually ?1 : ,; . . ; :: : ;. .: S\Mr-Wrixon affirms that the, widespread intollectual scepticism which he .deplores_ -. is the fruit ofclefical folly,. or ignorance in puitthiig foriwa\rd theological dogiis,... in such ia forui, that, the heart"and ciii-. soience of the people recoil from accepbt ing them. .The clergy - have imuch-to. answer. for, but it-is really.dreadul to be . accused of killing the faith out .of :arna tiou. I deny the fact that :theclergy are. the rear-guard ofl int.lhectual society io Enigland, I' challenge Mr: Wrixin, to name a single gretit othical or' tlieolegical' doctrine accepted by' ariy considerabler... schoolif'thitnking layman which is nrot : known to, and either advocated or intelli. - gently,' and.- appreciatively opposed by,i schools of'clergynmen in any country he chooses to name. Surely, if the dogmas of the clergy are icreditble; that is hardly a reason for ian intellectual nt:'i despair.":. ing of all religiiis trutli:' is not the wide ". universe open to the - laity' as well as the - - clergy I ;Canriothieg. be done by the: former becadus' the latter are bemten 1' The truth is, thalt ,English..scepticism is not due,to the clergy al ill, but to thei , enoirmousgrowth of:phyidal science,tothe further developmrent of - historical -critic= ' ism, and to other: secular' movements of civilisation for which .the clergy are as. little responsible as they are for the over growth of London, or 'the :approaching - exhaustion of the coal-fields,-I am, :Sir, yours, &e.;, . - Sept. 2i; PETER S. MENZIES. ' 