A WORKING MAl'NS VIEW OF THE ,: ,,x, ,- ',t ORISIS."-No,, 10." .. 'To ihe Editor of the Examiner.' i t Sm -This letter is als 'a'digrosaladt which I unwillingly. make fiom the?slain subject of my commui'iscations, Ibut find to be necessary, in orde?,todo,justico not only.to Mr Bartley,, but to myself. I feel, embarrassed how to reply to Mr Bart= loy's letter, published in.our. issue of 16th instant, because it is so illogical, and so full of misrepresentations-and misquotations that I can scarcely .boliove,;that he allowed: himself t6 think, oriat all;oents to reflect, before com: mitting it to the press. Sr.aIBrtloeyhas admittted that -"taxes upon any consumable commodity-spirits, tobacco; wino &9.-are paid vetually by those wo sa? them ;-(sod address to eleetors of ttingwood).: In his letter ofl15th instant he admits "all that ' A Working Man' says as to the supply of tea and sugar.by employors to:their;,servants having booeen origlnally taken into consideration when arranging the amount of wages to be paid them ;" and thon adds-"Yet my (r Bartley's) assertion' rinainsa .untouched, that additonail duties on the tea and ssgar so supplied to theoim would.be paid by suich employers without such serviants',ages being affectd thereby."' It will be obsoerved hero :-. That Mr Bartley entirely, shifts his gound.,.,. .That he insorts the word oriinatlly, in tho terms of my contention, ,as if Iliad :admitted., what he apparently, assumes, viz., that the contract between master and ser-o vant is a continuing one, or at least permanently binding on the master.. 3. .Thatho ignores the fact tlat'a master can'determine the usual con tract with his servant-by a moith's notico. 4.' Thati~ he"m'hkes 'a'" nw assortion without one' pirtiole .of proof in suppdrt of it, viz.,. "that) additional duties on tea and sugar wodld boeipaid by employers." 5. That he make'i this assertion in thoe,ao of his own statement of an'axiom in, Social Economy, viz., "that any tax upon con. sumnabloe commodities pis' paid' eventually. by those who.usa them, and in face also of the'fact that employers may by a month's':iotice detei mine:the 'contracts 'with 'their sorvants, 'riid mhke noew contracts,'taking' into consideortionu when'i''rianglng" .the amount~ of 'wages,;,tth ddditional dtties on tea 'and sugar. 0. Thathe ignores what is too notorious, viz., that em ployorsghove, it:,in their' power to caus0othetax to be felt by their s'rvants by supplying them with a lower priced and ?infonortea and sugar, and .thus. escaping. payment themselves, -while the servants would thus'actually pay,all the ad. ditional revenue derived from the tea and sugar consumed by them. That this would be so in the majority of cases no ono' candoubt. . Mr Bartley does not seem to consider that the' supply'of" abor 'is; hot 'diniinished ,by in creasbdtaxaition' (except in s far as' the addi tional burdoei tends to drive labor from the colony); and that` consequently the actual rate of Wages canniot be enhanced thereby.; while it is certain that" "a tax upon the necessaries of life operates' in exactly the same. manner as a direct tax upon the wages of labour."-(See Adam Smith, Book V., chap ii.i art. iv.) Mr Bartleyl as unintentionallymisquoted my correspondent "X," and has thereby done him a great injustice. Mr Bartley's misquota- "X." really said: tion.? "I consumd 18 lbs. "X." aaserts'afamily of sugar a week. of tenpersons, inolud- ' " It did not take 101 to ing children; who con- clothlie my wife and sumo on an average 20 children in the last lbs. of sugar a-week, year. . .. . If one can be!clothed for 101 penny were "put extra -or 11 each-per on each pound of sugar, annum. O:': :' d on each pound of tea, and. d on:each pound of coffee, accord ing to my unavoidably large 'consumption I .'would be taxed. in the year in.the sum of 01 18s, whicli' sum"would clothe all my children well (boots excepted they are colonial) for a year. "Mr Bartley quietly ignores the fact that "X.," writitig't nio.i reply to a request for informa tion (from the ]heads of families as to what they expend.annual lyupon tea and sugar, and what ,upos,inimpited clotling), had referred uihis letter to'the 'cost 'of' imported clothing,and halied ex eoptod boots (so large an item in family oxpen. dituro). 116 alsob i 'ores the 'fact that "X." statod ho.epuraiasod the materials "abhd'that the clothing was made up in the family.:- ;'He also igno- re the fact that no very large amount of 'new miterial is.rcquired each year to clothe a family, as the old clothes areo-frequently,. reno vated and re- made,; so as to serve the turns of soveral ,children in succession. I can see no thing iniX's'. stataliiont .to: occasio'ii? surprise when it is, fairly considered.' .What he reports of.his own household might be true of any other poor, but decent, honest, and industrious family. i'Moreover "X" writes that 'moleskins have not boen" much in demand for the last twelve mbntlihs nor,in'riact, ainy heavy impbrtod slops." And' 'in'triiking confirmation of this I would call attention to certain facts stated in a lead ing article in the Mercury of the' 10th ult. : "Mr Bartley's errors not only arise from pro coeding on an erroneous basis, but also from octual blundors in his arithmetic. ' The process by whichho.emakes out a customs charge per head on the o.working classes of 11i s d on their clothing, is to estimate the cost at 171 per head for-a male and female, then to add Ii 5s Od to i; jfiJOd; giving a pr6duct of 21 11, and by dividing'by two a result of 11 5s Od. The opera tion may o ingdnioue and simple, but the re sultis "not. 'lomcing. Only in onnection with this mattoer 'dgi'il A ley gti, us any clue to the imanner ii'wlal?l~qe.es~tes tihe number of: the. working~yvlassos.il asa a' that the cost of, their clothing' is 171 .pl pn,;, or81 10s S,and the'Pauokcsg Duty ealbhuhas'to p'ay,. i :" Noto as' t] 'ttal value of 'apparel'aul sJisTorted last year iies only 14,1511, and the o41t,1331 2o, it folloivs that on the basis of oods, theor are in Tasmania only'16065p "j.df'tho working claess?"e end on the basis of Custooi'dtiydeijl 8t48 destifeod'tio work for their living. Happy aisTiOif ist!i.: Mr Bartloy proceeds to make the, following extraordinary assertion-"It must not,however, be forgotten that if the revenue were increased £14,000 per annum by the suggested increased, duties on tea and sugar, the working classes, so far as that amount would extend, would be re liovod from any additional taxation." Heroe we yro again in the Devonshiro lanes, going ronmd and round and round upon the old footmarks. 'I arm glad to 'see that Mr Bartley withdraws his suggestions to incroase the duties on tanand sugar, and hmor him for his manliness in doing favor witi' fhich any suggested incresso of duties le rogadod by the working claosss; but the working dassos base their opposition to any such incroasol duties upon the prinoiplos of otornalrjustico l Tloy ask no favor, but they demand Justci?oquality of taxation. ' IMr iartloy is prepared to recommend that should any oi tional taxation be required, it should be daevcd from an increase of flixed duties' upon ,pirits, tobacco, and wine o0nly supplomonto4 iabolutel necessary, upon the abo ition of lhkago Dutias by an ad valorem duty upon. 1iorts which would not then bo' subhoat to anL?uty. In'this he approximates to advantl opiniois of those groat statoes mon who in l measure control thoi Impeoril flso. Inri pragraph in your isan? of :the 1st inst.;?"under the headinig " Doomh of the Oue toms in Enghnd,": it was 'stated in an extrdot from The trocer' that '." TheoLords' of the Treasury aresaid to ,have come to 'the conchu sion that, .h a,year;or two, no duties .will be tie lp n g save tobacco, woine, and spriti." "Vhon' this occurs- there will be accomplishol what' Bright 'has long -striven to efect, viz,, that:-every man in England shall have a freeoroakfaststablo. zAnd if they are to have thisn .v in heavily, tnxeod, England, should we not have it alsd in Tasmania? Mr B" art dy's', approach; ' t" what " the wbrking Dhases want' almost tempts" them' to omryouf, "oneover and help a;" for they feel th isympathies are with'tho cause of justic, al ou they seo that by erroneous reasoning sometimes been ld to advo cato a ysteom opposed , to their political Mr Bratloy "says`"'A Working Man' reo proaches me with not endeavoring to goet the duties payable upon imported sheeoop and cattle abolishld.", Lot me state that "A Working Man' "ittered no such reproach, unless indeed it co be ;conveyed in these words-"'X.' would obably foeel more grateful to Mr Bartley if the litor would address' himself to the task of 'gettgi'thy taxes on imported sheep and cattle aolished, rather than those on. slop clothin- "" h1at'l added .might properly be conetrudl to/mean that Mir Dartloy had boon passive, and deriving advantage from the im positionýftli taxes mentionoed; and I deeply regret tlhtI#liould have done him an injustice even" i?ithisaespect for his solitary and em phatio rnoistranco, to which he has called at tention ((se Launceston Examiner,' Aigust, 1871),; iainlt those taxes, is alike honorable to him as 4 pditician os wellas a lover of justice. Nothing g, . boe added to the force of his ro-, marlks o th sobject,' aid amn only sorry that I should ho'forgotton the appearance of his letter, woc possibly suggested tho'very views and roastin, support of them which I have booeen adv!ng. Mr lthesays, following aup tihe quotation from the loitor' of August, 1871, "I 'hope this donoun c omt will tend to convince even "A W kig 'Man,' ' that I am not that cotetnptibly selfish individual he represent Se to be-whi would retain for my ion benJltt tax upon 'meat," &c.;' Now this is too hardu upnamo, for "I' did:not so represont Mr Bartloyiither in dxpress or implied terms. He might havo said so with some appearance of jiistice if ihrhad shown that I had put, forth that he kno', whlit' ias' right but had not prao tised' it. ,aseumbed,' but, :as it turns-out, erro?eously that' he 'did not know what was ,rightadhal consequently been passive ;while he shows clsrly thati he not. only knew what was right, bit did all in his power, and more than anyoth man in the community, to prevent a wrong.. I opeoI have now made the amends hoorablec "I + ' '' ' Mr Bartlo .again contends that in paying local police rates that inhabitants of Launceston and the cuntry contribute indirectly to the general'roevenuo, arid pronounces any asseition or arguolert to the contrary an absurdity ; and further in 'upport of such dictum, introduces an imaginaryp oll of the inhabitants, showing a clearmajorty of: 10,357 against me, the: sup posed single representative of the absurdity.' I must ropeot.my answer .to this, almost in the words of L." S. 'Mill-" Besides the general taxop of the State, there are in all or inoet couintridslocal taxes to defray any expenses of a public inaturo which it is thought best to place under the control or management of a local authority," -May.I ask whether it has not been thought best :to .place the Laionceston police undo. the control or management of a local authority ? andwwhethor, therefore, the tax for' its maintenance should' not be local1 It bo,ts not, therefore, for Mr Bartley to say that ' the whole cost of police protection msst othorwise be paid for from the general revenue." There is no must about it, unless in the other direction, for if' the expenditure is' properly a subject for local administration, as I have' proved, the tax must be local also. I aRcon tent to gd to the poll 'on this as well as on 'the tea and sugar question, with this resorvation- that I shall object to Mr Bartley being return ing oicor. ,-. ' SMrlBartloy misquotes me as follows : Mir BartleJy- "A Forkingd, Man". "'A Workiig Man' ' 'uwrote- . tays I assume laurels "sIr Bartloy con to mysoef for thoeintro- ' eluides by. falling back duitoon of' the Real' upon the laurels he Property Act, and;, earned in obtainingthe mirabite dicts, denies' introduction of the that' it .hasconferred" Real Property Act any. hoop upon :the that groat boon to the poorer clises. ' poor man, &c; I do not " ' knoir what the poor man in particular has e' ' 'gained by that act." 'You will observe that'I do' not say that Air Bartley has assumed laurels to himself. I said nothing so undeserved'or impertinent. .Ho is 'oneo'ofthe last men I would accuse of assump 'tion of anmy kind.:' I' honestly think that he deosrvod'the good'opinion of the colonists for his earnest and unselfish iadvocacy of the Real -Property Act, biid that hi may fairly take the credit whio' a large number of persons unhoesi tatingly give.him for the introduction of the act.. ,Yet I do not know 'what the poor mane IN, AnnTIOUAti .- has gained byr that act; and, I cannot help following in the wake of Maine and others, whose 'opminions are entitled to weight, dind regarding any such measure as 'a spitrious and not a radical reform-as an em: piric~i and iiiaporficial treatment of a disease o'in our syhstmem of land 'tenire, whicll has its roots far deeper than those woduldbe reformers have dreamt W6i, ii ignorance of the real nature of the complaint, have thought they wore effecting a cure, wlo they were only treating the symp tonis. Unfortunatoly, however, there are quacks in legislation as weollas in the healing art. I !Agaii Mi Bdrtley says that ton a former occasion I advocated Succession Duties. This is a mistakd~j 1lhave never throughout these let tore 'idvioted1 Suic?ession .Duties, .although I consider 'thOie a less objectionablo' means of raising a rovae nthani duties on tea and sugar. SLaatly Mrt?iartloy is' confirmed in his opinion thatI.i na o real ' working nian.' What does he think Ia tlien ? A ghost of a working man'? Eveon' tlhough I bo, I shall not haunt him. But perhaypsou can assure him that I i not a eectrell at I am real, in the sense of Jievin?g:'flesh iab~li ones,' and also, tlhat.I en, as?Ia?sbscribo miysol,,.' -. LanLuric?stoii,; Octbol10. ''' [Tis letter has hbeen unavoiably 'held over, some little'i'ne frar the pressuro tof otlr mat] teo.] ' i' '. SFi ' . cultural Implement fianmu~ tor o'L" ' &·~1 dind Gray, 'at Omniu, Noew Zealand, has ?een ta7l destroyed hy fire, only the stone walls were loft standmg. The loss is estimated at over 8,0001i none of which is covered by insurance. A poicy for-10001 had only expired a fortnight previous. Brown and Inglis's saw.mills at the Pictdni:, anid 'Kavanagh's flax mills at Manuka have also ben burnt down. 'In the atter oase incondiarism ia auspected." 