NOTICE ia given in our advertising columns of dissolution of partnership by Mesara. Wormtid end Curtis, and that both gentlemen intend to compete for the patronage enjoyed by the late firm-Mr. Wormald continuing tho old business and Mr. Curtis starting afresh in new premisos. Il» the Police Court on Thursday, before Mr. E. P. Lirermore, Mayor, and Ur. J. Macfarlane, J.P., Mylock, a South Sea Islander, under remand for larceny, was discharged. Mr. Mitford addressed the Court in the assault case of Bouel e. Byan, after which the information was dismissed without costs. A drunkard, who pleaded guilty, was discharged with a caution. The Court Iben adjourned till half-past two p.m., when Messrs. A. Fe« and C. II. Buza- cott took their scots on thc Bench. A carrier's license was granted to Joseph Chardon, oud permission WSB given to Bridget Kearney to have music and dancing in the Burnetville Hotel that evening. Ia the summons case of Bauet «. Byan, for insulting language, a large quantity of irrelevant matter was introduced. Tho evidence far the com- plainant showed that Ryan being tn Bouel's licensed house and creating a disturbance there, was ejected gently, and that on getting into tb» street hs called Bouel a swindler, and used other expressions calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. The Bench Gned the defendant 10s., with professional and court costs amounting to £L4s. Gd., in default of immediate payment fourteca days' imprisonment. Tho fine WSB paid. At tho conclusion of the case oft. Milford applied for an order requiring Ryan to keep the peace towards Boucl aud all other of her Majesty's subjects. Mr. Melbourne opposed the application, and the Bench declined to accede to it, stating that Bouel might make a written application in the usual way, if on reflection he considered himself in danger. ßiNouLitt CATTLE DISEASE.-The Manning River Kern states that a singular disease is destroying tho cattle about Red Bank. We understand the symptoms are alike in all cases, but that no one has boen able to recognise tbe disease. .Siter desth tho stomach is found to be full of worms about an inch long and un- usually broad. These creep into the throat! of the cattle in large numbers and seem e suffocate them. BAPTISM IK A BIVBB.-During tbs tour made I by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn (says the J Goulburn Herald), tue following incident; occurred :-In the afternoon at 3 p.nw'a remarkable spectacle «as witnessed tortile immediate neighbourhood of Comerang, The Bishop^ auistcd by the Reyvü.Gh Lore, administered the eacrémeht of baptism to two adulj/i, a brother and a sister, in the' Tuross Biv/er. For some years the subject of their baptism bod bees under considération by the excessive clsrgy of tbs distrioi. Being satisfied Abey were qualified candidates, the Bishop consonted to respect their scruples, and to baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross Eiver, the service for tho " public baptism of such as are of riper years" was read by Mr. Love sud the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the malo adult hy the band ; the Bishop pronounced the words, "I baptize* thee in thc nsme of the Father, nnd of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," ho was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and " received him into the congregation of Christ's flock" they pursued a similar course with tbs sister. Standing on cither side and firmly holding the adult by tho hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water ia accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the service for adult i baptism-" and then shall dip him in the water, I or, ¿cc." It was a scene never to bo forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were I somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being himself con i eidcrably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were mach affected. 