Tales. Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER VII. FRANK SHOUTER'S WEAK POINT. SOON after the departure of the water police the captain called Frank aft, and questioned him respect- ing the ghost, or apparition, which the mates declared had hunted them out of the ship. Frank stoutly maintained that he had seen no ghost, in fact, that he had not seen anybody worse than himself until the police inspector and his boat-load came on board. The captain reiterated his utter disbelief in preter- natural visitations, and said the mates were cowardly lubbers. Nevertheless he took the precaution to order one of the men who had been ashore with him to shake down for the night on the cabin table, and the other one, armed with a musket, to keep watch on the quarter-deck. Frank then returned to the forecastle, where Ben was lying in his berth, enjoying the fun of the evening. Not being at all sleepy they were naturally disposed to talk, and lest they should drift into the subject of Dumby's affairs, and perhaps be overheard by the watch on deck, Frank asked Ben to tell him what he was going to say when the boat came along- side and put a stopper on his tongue. "Let me see, what was it? O, I had been think- ing as I lay here of what you once told me about your over-fondness for liquor, and I was going to remark that I wonder very much that you, Frank, with so much common sense in your head, should be in the habit of getting drunk and squandering your money whenever you are on shore with cash in your pocket." "Its a way we have in the navy to drive dull care away," replied Frank, with a smile. "That's all you were going to say, is it? Well, I wonder that you should wonder at a habit which is as old as Noah, if not older. You must have lived among an innocent lot of souls before you came to sea, if you have not met with fellows who have that same un- happy failing, which sticks to me closer than a wet shirt. Do you mean to tell me that you never had a a liking for the pleasant tickle of a glass of grog, Ben? Come now, be honest. Did you never get fuddled?" "I tell you candidly, Frank, that I care no more for grog than I do for snuff, or for cayenne pepper to my pea-soup. If any one were to offer me an open snuff-box I should perhaps take a pinch and sneeze over it, for fashion's sake; but I should never think of spending a penny in snuff for my own use, nor for tobacco neither, and it is much the same with grog. It has not cost me five shillings for strong drink all the days of my life. I don't see any fun in throwing away money for stuff that I have no liking for." "Then I am not surprised that you do not under- stand why I like to get on the spree now and then, Ben. None but these who have had a little ex- perience of the thing can really comprehend the cravings that beset a poor fellow who is possessed by the drinking fiend. I have not often met with a character like you in the course of my cruising;—a regular sober man and not a teetotaler. Tell me how it is that you have not acquired a taste for tipple." "I never even smelt grog, to my knowledge, up to the age of fourteen, Frank. I was then put appren- tice to a sober master, who kept a sharp eye over me in the workshop, and after work was over also. I never either saw or smelt grog in his house; and as I was not allowed the run of the streets at night I had not much to tempt me from habits of strict sobriety. I had very little money of my own while I was an apprentice, and I have never had much to spare since I have been out of my time. I suppose that is partly the reason why I do not care for intoxicating liquor." "I hope you will have sense enough to keep clear of it for life, Ben." "No fear of that, Frank. I have no more craving for it than I have for physic; and if all the berths in the forecastle were wine-bins, I perhaps should not taste it once a month, if I ever touched it at all." "My wig! If I knew there was a single bottle with in my reach, I could not be easy a minute till I had un- corked it, and then the stuff would all go down my throat and I should crave for more. Nothing would come amiss to me, from lady's wine to arrack." "It has a marvellous spell over you, Frank. I am very glad I cannot understand it. But if, as you say, a little grog does you good, surely you might take a glassful, and then cork your bottle up for the day. I could do that easily enough if I wished." "I could not do it, Ben, no more than I could stop my breathing for a day. If I were to promise you now, while I am quite sober, that I would not uncork a bottle for a month or so, I should keep my word like a man; but if I only tasted a spoonful of the stuff beforehand, I would not make a promise if it were to save my mother's life, and I should go at the grog till it was all gone, even if the devil himself were pouring it out for me. That is as true as I am a living sinner; and I can't alter it, worse luck." "It seems dreadfully wonderful to me. Frank. How do you account for the infatuation? You have often thought about it, I dare say." "Why, old nick has a hand in it, boy, I am certain of that. He has a lively crew at his beck and call, perhaps a thousand times more than there are sailors in the British navy; and they take all sorts of shapes and forms, from ugly goblins to handsome girls. A host of them are busy day and night in tempting poor mortals, like myself, to go over to their ranks by com- mitting self-murder. They are too cunning to go at it with me in a straightforward way, because they know I should sheer off from them directly. It would be of no use for them to whisper to me, when in my sober senses, 'Frank, go and hang yourself to the fore-rigging;' or, 'Frank, jump overboard!' or, 'swallow a dose of arsenic out of the medical chest.' But they have often tried to tempt me to kill myself, when I have been just off a spree." "I suppose you mean to say that you have imagined you heard them trying to tempt you, Frank?" "It was not imagination at all, boy. I have seen them as plainly as I see that lamp hanging there. Oh, you may shake your head; but I say it is a fact, and I hope you will never try to prove it for yourself. Do you believe in the devil, Ben?" "Bless me! You make me jump, Frank! I believe in God, the------" "So do I, shipmate," said Frank reverently. And I believe in the devil too, that is to say, I be- lieve the devil is a reality, and not a mere fancy of picture- makers; and I believe that he has fearful power for mischief over poor mortals who do not know how to resist him. I tell you again, Ben, I have seen him, and have felt his influence, in a way too horrible to express in any language that I know how to use." "I suppose you mean that you have had delirium tremens, Frank?" "Just so, boy. But you speak of delirium tremens as if it were scarcely as bad as a toothache. I can tell you that it is a demoniacal influence, which often claws a man's soul out of him. No, no, Ben; there is no mistake about the devil being a terrible reality; and since he first hoofed his way into our world to breed mischief, he has never hit upon any scheme that has delighted him so much, as tippling. Grog is the bait with which he has hooked more poor souls than any other of the many baits he throws out of his infernal galley. He has all but hooked me many times, and I dare say he thinks he will have me yet on one of my pay-days." "If I were you, Frank, I would never go near that treacherous bait again." "Oh! its very easy for you to talk, boy; and, thanks to your sober training, it would be easy for you to steer clear of the thing, which to me is an irresistible temptation. You talk of my common-sense being a stay to me, which farther shows your ignorance of the clawing power of the drinking fiend. Why, the most superior sense in human nature is as useless to cope with him as those rotten shrouds were to stay our mainmast in the breeze we had at the mouth of the Straits. There was a doctor in a ship that I sailed in once, as clever a fellow as ever studied physic, and I saw him raving mad from the effects of drink. 'Get me a glass of grog, Frank,' he shouted to me on the night he died, when I was keeping watch over him in his cabin. 'I must not give it to you, doctor,' said I. 'You must! you must! For God's sake give it to me, Frank!' he cried. 'It will kill you, doctor,' said I. 'Give it to me! give it to me!' and I shall never forget how he looked at me, as he shrieked out, 'If it sends me to hell I must have it!' What do you think of that speech, from a man who was educated at a college? A really clever doctor, who knew ten times more than either you or I do of the curious ins and outs of the human frame, and what is good or what is bad for it. Don't talk to me about the power of a drunkard's common sense after that, Ben." "It is very shocking, Frank. It makes me tremble to think of it. Let me tell you plainly now that it is the dread I feel lest you should get on the spree, and let out all you know about Dumby's affairs that has influenced me to speak to you on this subject." "I thought as much, Ben; but you need not be afraid of me. If I promise you, on the word of a man, that I will not taste grog for a certain time, you may trust me. I have made that promise twice in my life- time, and I stuck to it like a true British tar. Once I made it to the chaplain of the Hazard; and another time to the gunner on board the Victoria, Govern- ment brig, that used to be a regular cruiser on the coast." "But you must have broken your promises, Frank, for I have heard you say that you have been drunk many times since you left the navy." "Aye, hundreds of times, worse luck. But I did not break my word for all that. Each time I promised not to touch or taste grog for six months, and I each time kept the promise for six months to an hour, though I was tempted on all tacks by my ship- mates, some of whom had made bets that I would break down." "How did you get on during those months of abstinence, Frank?" "Get on! why, like a ship with a fair wind and fine weather. I seldom thought about grog, and I never had any downright hard craving for it until my time was nearly up; then I began to feel uneasy, and as soon as eight bells struck on the night I was free, I broached a bottle of ship's rum and had a regular soaking all that watch below." "And you felt miserable after you got sober again, no doubt?" "A little, but not much, boy. One bottle of good rum would not shake me; but I have been miserable after a long spree on shore, and such misery as you cannot conceive, because you never had the least taste of it. It is not a trifle that would make a man jump from the foreyard-arm of a frigate into a rough sea." "Did you do that, Frank?" "I did so, boy; and the ship at the time was under double-reefed topsails. I was at the earing, helping to reef the fore course, when I saw the devil sitting on the stunsail-boom iron, and flapping his wings like a carrion crow pecking the eyes out of a rabbit." "Had you been drinking hard before that, Frank?" "You may be sure I had, Ben. I spent £44 of prize money, or fooled it away in eight days, from Sunday to Sunday, and wasn't an hour sober all that time. When I went oh board.again I was not fit for duty, still I passed muster, for I was a favourite with most of the officers. I had an awful night of horror, such as I shall never forget if I live till I am a hundred years old. The next day the ship sailed from Port Jackson, and a strong gale sprung up the same afternoon. I was at my post on the yard, as I said before, over- hauling the lee earing, when old nick came beside me and whispered coaxingly, "Heave yourself overboard, Frank, and get out of your misery in four minutes. Drowning is an easy death—a few kicks and it is all over." "You fancied something said that to you, Frank." "Not at all, Ben. I tell you it was Satan himself, or one of his crew. I saw him as plainly as I see you now this minute. A. thought dashed into my mind all of a sudden, 'What is the short struggle of drown- ing compared with the horrible palsy I feel in every limb and the blue fire in my brain.' So I gave a spring and down I went just clear of the fore chains. Directly I soused into the waves I would have given the world to be on board the frigate again. The water roaring in my ears seemed to me like a thou- sand fiends hissing at me, and I remember I howled like a mad dog. The ship was luffed into the wind, a life-boat was lowered, and I was picked up more than half dead. But the frightful horrors I suffered for a week afterwards would make your hair stand on end if I were to begin to describe them. To be paved all over with hot pitch would be nothing to it. I should certainly have killed myself in some way, to escape the torment, if I had not been closely watched." "It makes me shudder all over to listen to you, Frank. You did not - touch grog for a long time after you recovered from that bout, I suppose?" "I did though. I took my allowance of two lots a day as soon as I came out of the hospital, and would have drunk more if I could have got it." "Well, well! This grog mystery puzzles me more and more, Frank. One would think that such terrible suffering and such a narrow escape from a dreadful death by suicide, ought to have been a warn- ing to you for the rest of your life. Why, if a little idiot were to burn its finger at a hot stove it would have sense enough not to go near the stove again." "You are right, Ben, and even a pig would have natural gumption enough not to put its snout a second time into a bucket of scalding hot skouse; still, there are thousands of full- grown men in the world to-day—and I am one of them—who could not resist getting blind drunk, if they only had liquor enough at hand, and to keep on drinking until they are surrounded by blue devils. Often and often I have cursed a bottle with all the curses I knew, and the next minute have put it to my mouth and half emptied it at one swig. Heigho! So it is with me, and there is no help for it that I know of. Poor old Frank is doomed to be swamped by it. Poverty through life, and endless misery hereafter is my lot, and all through my fondness for grog." "You said just now that you could abstain from it if you made up your, mind, Frank." "I could for six months, Ben; but I don't think I could hold out longer, unless I was out of the reach of grog altogether, same as I am on board this old craft." "If you could hold out for six months you surely could do it for life, if you made up your mind to it, Frank." "There you make a mistake again, boy; and it shows that you know nothing about the influence of the grog fiend on old topers. If I say, on the word of a man, that I will not drink anything for six months, the fiend sheers off for a time and lets me alone, and I go along comfortably enough. I dare say he chuckles to himself that he is sure of me by and bye, and he need not bother himself about me for a while, and away he goes after some fresh hand but if I were to say that I would not taste grog again as long as I live, I believe the fiend would be at me directly with all his might, for fear he should lose me altogether, and I could no more resist him than I could help going to the bottom of the harbour if I went overboard with a tiller chain round my body. That is my belief anyway, Ben. The devil is too strong for a poor chap like me to fight with." "Suppose you promise me that you will not taste grog again for twelve months, Frank. Will you try that experiment?" "I am afraid to do it, Ben. I would as soon die as break my word to a friend, if I gave it seriously, and I don't think the fiend would let me alone a whole year. He would be at me at once and perhaps coax me to skulk ashore to some of those drinking shops and leave you here with your broken leg. But I tell you what I will do, Ben; I'll promise you, on the word of a man, that I will not taste grog until we have managed poor Dumby's affairs all right. I can see you are afraid of my breaking out and spoiling that business for you; so I'll set your mind at rest on that score. Here is my hand upon it, shipmate. We shall have that job over in six or seven months, I think." "You faithfully promise me that you will not taste intoxicating liquor until we have delivered Dumby's parcel into proper hands, do you?" said Ben, taking Frank's horny hand, and gazing earnestly into his face. "I do, Ben, and sooner than break that promise, I would suffer this right hand of mine to be chopped off with a Maori's stone hatchet. Now l will just take a turn aft and ask Bob if he has seen the ghost, and then I'll come and turn in for the night." CHAPTER VIII. BEN AND FRANK ARRIVE IN MELBOURNE AND MEET WITH A NEW DISASTER. The next day the mates returned to their duty on board the Wolf, after having a noisy altercation with the captain. They were a good deal jeered for desert- ing the ship for fear of an imaginary old bogy; but they strenuously maintained that it was Dumby's ghost they had seen, and moreover they affirmed that if the dead man's chest had not been moved out of the cabin they would rather be imprisoned in Wellington gaol for six months than return to the ship. There was no freight offering for Sydney, so the Wolf, after discharging her coal into a hulk, took in ballast and sailed again for Newcastle. Ben did not leave the ship while she lay at Wellington, and Frank said he had better not go on shore lest he should smell grog and be made uneasy, so he stayed on board and looked after his disabled shipmate. When the Wolf arrived at Newcastle the crew were paid off, as they all declined to go to sea in her again coal-laden. Ben and Frank took lodgings together, and Frank showed himself a kind and a skilful nurse. In a fort- night Ben was able to move about with the aid of two sticks, and in ten days more Frank pronounced him fit for sea. Through the influence of an old shipmate, Frank got berths for himself and Ben on board a collier barque, to work their passage to Melbourne. Three weeks afterwards they landed at Williamstown; and on the same day they secured comfortable lodg- ings in the the cottage of Mrs. Blake, an elderly widow, residing at Carlton, one of the rising suburbs of Melbourne. "Here we are, Ben, as snug as two sloops in a dry dock. No turning out to-night to work the pumps, or to tinker up old stranded gear. We are sound in mind and limb, and we haven't much money to hamper up. Lucky dogs are we! But we must not be lazy dogs, so we had better begin to consider how we are to go to work in this queer business of poor Dumby's." Thus remarked Frank, as he and Ben sat in their cozy bedroom after tea that evening. "I think, first of all, we ought to go and try if we can dig up the tin box, Frank. Do you know Fitzroy Gardens?" "Not I, boy. When I was in this part of the world before Melbourne was not much bigger than a Maori village, and the country all around it was either bush or swamp; so l am almost as much out of my reckoning as I should be if you were to drop me down in the middle of Canton." "We can both speak plain English, Frank, so come on; we shall find the gardens. Where is Dumby's chart? We must take that with us." "I tell you what, Ben, I would rather go about this business by daylight," said Frank, with a serious look. "Why, Frank? What are you afraid of?" "I am not afraid of anything that a man can honestly grapple with, Ben; but this seems to me like body-snatching work. We don't know what is in the box; it may be full of murdered bones, and I don't want any truck with such things." "Pooh! bones indeed! Dumby said it was a small tin box, and I dare say it merely contains private letters, or something of that sort. I am not afraid to go for it alone so if you like you can stay here till I come back." "No, no, Ben; blow me if you shall go by your- self. Fair halves was our bargain, and if I am to share the profit of the job I will share the risk with you whatever it may be. If we should meet Dumby's ghost I don't suppose he will meddle with us, as we are doing his bidding. Hallo! what's that row?" At that moment there was a sharp rapping at the front door, with something which sounded like an umbrella handle. The rapping continued until the door was opened by the landlady, and then a female voice was heard to exclaim, "O let me in, mother! Quick! quick! There is a nasty rude man coming!" In another minute there was a slight scuffling and a man's voice was heard in the front room adjoining to the one which Ben and Frank occupied. "There is a pirate come aboard of us, I think, Ben. Stand by for a sea fight," whispered Frank. "Hush, Frank! Let us hear what is the matter." "You have mistaken the character of my house, sir," said Mrs. Blake, "and I beg you will not in- trude here any longer. There is the door, sir." "Aw—yes—it's a very nice door, no doubt; but as I am not a carpenter I am no judge of doors—aw," re- plied a mascuune voice, in the drawling tone which is affected by certain fast man of the period. "I saw this interesting young lady on Sunday at the Cre- morne—aw." "Indeed you are mistaken, sir. My daughter is never absent from the choir at church on Sundays, except when she is unwell. You will oblige me by leaving my house at once, sir." "Aw—very good girl to go to church regularly. And this pretty chorister is your daughter, is she? I should like to hear her sing just now. Aw—pray don't get out of temper, my good woman. Allow me to send for a bottle of wine, or a bottle of pale brandy if your prefer it," he said, drawing out his purse. "If you do not leave my house instantly I will send for a constable," replied the widow, resolutely. "How dare you insult me in this way?" "I should be sorry indeed to offend you, and I merely wish to have a little quiet conversation with your charming daughter. Pray tell me your name, my dear?" "Leave my house this moment, sir." "Come, come, old lady, don't be so snappish, I am not a common loafer. I could put you into a house twice as good as this: I have several vacant now. What do you say, Susan? I think your name is Susan, by your sweet lips. Aw—Would you like to be my tenant?" he added, laying his hand on the girl's shoulder. "Take your hands off my daughter, or I will shriek for the police!" vociferated Mrs. Blake, whose maternal feelings were thoroughly aroused. "It is infamous conduct to force yourself into my house in this ruffianly way. You would not dare to do it if I had a husband to protect me." "I say, Ben, I'll go and punch the fellow's head," said Frank, who had been standing with his fists clenched during the foregoing colloquy. "Wait awhile, Frank. Let him go out quietly if he will. He is a great cur or he would not come prowling after a poor widow's child. I think the old lady is a match for him. Hush! Listen again." "Aw—It seems to me that I am not a welcome guest, so I will go," said the man. "I wish you good night, madam. Ta ta, Susan! Give me a kiss be- fore I go. Come, come, you must and shall-----" From the widow's loud cries for the police it was clear that the man was again behaving rudely to the girl. "Here goes to board him, I can't stop any longer," said Frank as he opened the dividing door; and the next instant the intruder was lying with his head under the table, having been knocked down by a well-aimed blow at his nose of Frank's rough fist. "Pick yourself up and get out of this, or I'll knock you to pieces!" roared Frank. "Don't cry, mother," he added softly to the widow. "Out you go, mister, and perhaps you'll remember my knuckles the next time you try to turn a an honest house into a brothel. Come tumble up, you are not killed." The man got up and struck a blow at Frank's head with a walking stick, whereupon he sprang forward, wrenched the stick from the man, and beat him with it until he roared murder, and then pushed him out at the front door into the gutter. "There, go and lie down in the kennel, you dirty dog!" said Frank, as he closed the door. "I am very thankful to you indeed, gentlemen. I don't know what I should have done if you had not been in the house," said Mrs. Blake, addressing her new lodgers, while she trembled with excitement. "Ha ha ha!" laughed Frank. "If that fellow had known you had a couple of sober sailors in your back room he would have looked for game to-night in some other preserve. Cheer up, mother! There is no harm done. Don't cry any more, girl! He won't come back to annoy you again to-night I'll engage. Hullo! what is this! He has left his money bag behind him, and I don't think he meant to do that," added Frank, at the same time picking up a purse that was lying under the table. "Throw it out after him, if you please," said Mrs. Blake. Frank opened the door to do so, but found that the man was gone away. "He is off, like a half-hooked shark," said Frank, laughing. "What is to be done with his purse? It has got a lot of yellow boys in it. I should like to make him swallow them all. Here, mother, you had better stow it away till he sends for it." "I will not touch it," said Mrs. Blake, with honest disgust. "I think the best plan would be to send it to the police station directly, but I don't know who to send it with." "Don't worry yourself about it, ma'am. My friend and I are going towards Melbourne, by-and- bye, and we will leave it at the lock-up. I dare say we shall find the place. We ought to have sent the owner of the purse there." Frank then put the purse into the breast pocket of his coat, and he and Ben returned to their room to prepare for their visit to Fitzroy Gardens. "This is a rare start off for our first night ashore, Ben. I wonder what will come next? It is a good job for the poor old lady and her daughter that we were close at hand, or there is no saying what that risty-tisty rogue would have done, for such fellows as he has no more conscience than a cannibal." "Poor girl! I quite pitied her!" remarked Ben, softly. "Yes, I thought you were pitying her all the while the row was going on, Ben." "You did not want any of my help, you know, Frank; and I was, only shielding the girl from chance blows from the end of your stick." "Don't look so serious, boy; I was only joking you a bit. It is very natural for a young fellow to pity a pretty girl, more than he pities her mother. Sure enough I did not want your help to thrash that chap. I could manage half-a- dozen such as he any morning before breakfast. Though a great bull-headed fellow there is no more stamina in him than there is in a sappy spar. You saw how he, shivered and shook when we first popped into the room. He is what you may call a regular grog-soaker, Ben." "I don't think he was, drunk, Frank." "Perhaps not. Fellows like him him don't often get downright drunk, same as I used to do; but I'll be bound he drinks twice as much as would poison me, for all that. Now then, boy, hoist on your monkey-jacket, and we will go and find the police station first of all, and get rid of this purse, and then we will go and search for the box." Just then there was a loud knocking at the front door. "Hallo! has that bully come back for his change, I wonder?" said Frank laughing. The next moment their room door was opened, and in walked two policemen and the man whom Frank had recently kicked out so unceremoniously. "That is the fellow, policeman! I will swear to him," said the man excitedly. "I arrest you on a charge of assault and robbery," said one of the policemen, at the same collaring Frank, while the other policeman proceeded to hand- cuff him. "Hold on a bit, mates. Don't hang a fellow before you find him guilty," said Frank with honest bold- ness. "I own I gave that chap a thrashing, and it served him right too; but as for robbing him, that is another matter without a bit of truth in it. Ask my friend there to tell you all about it." The policeman replied by cautioning Frank not to say anything to criminate himself, and then led him off to the lock-up. He was then searched and the purse was found in his pocket. Ben followed to the lock-up, and loudly proclaimed Frank's innocence, but he was told that he had better attend at the police office next day, and say all he had to say. He returned to his lodgings, where he found Mrs. and Miss Blake in great distress at the sudden mishap, which had befallen their lodger through his kind interference on their behalf. Ben sat up till a late hour that night, trying to allay the anxiety of his landlady and her daughter; and when he retired to bed, he lav awake a long time, thinking of the disgusting disposition of the man who could wantonly insult such a nice, gentle, modest looking girl as Annie Blake. 