PASTORAL OF THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF IRELAND. The following Pastoral Address of the Ca tholic Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland to the Clergy, secular and regular,, and to the 'aity.i of their flocks, has just been issued :— 'I. ? ' 'Dearly beloved Brethren, — As pastors of 'wurisouls, for which 'when the Prince of Pastors shall appear/ we must render a strict accoiuit, we deem it our duty to address you at present on a subject in which your eternal interests and those of your children's children axe most deeply involved. We have done so on many occasions, but never in circum stances more critical than the present. As sured of the love with which you cherish the .ancient faith of Ireland, and of your desire to liand it down to your sons pure and un :siillicd, and knowing the union of mind and hearts which has always subsisted between you and your bishops, we confidently address to you words of instruction and advice on the important subject of the education of your ? children. Whilst everywhere throughout -Christendom the greatest efforts are being -made to banish religion from the school, and thus to estrange youth from God and His ?Church, it is incumbent on. us to use renewed ??vigilance, and on you, dearly beloved 'brethren, to listen -with even greater atten tion than usual to the admonitions which it is our duty to give joxx. ' The urgency of this question is .manifest. 'The. distinguished statesman who now holds , the reins of Government has frequently ad mitted that the state of one branch of educa tion in Ireland is -unsatisfactory, and has ex . pressed his desire to redress admitted griev ; ances ; while our avowed opponents, cteter .niined to resist every concession to our just demands, and clamouring for a settlement of the Irish Education. question, are endeavour ing to force upon us godless systems, which as Catholics and Irishmen we must condemn. Some settlement, or attempt at a settlement, ? cannot therefore :be long delayed. ,' And you, the Catholics of Ireland, expect from tis, your bishops, whom God has placed as sentinels on the watch towers of Sion, clear teaching as to your duty respecting the ?education of your. children. To you especi ally, Irish fathers andmothers, are our words ; addressed, for to God, 'from whom all pater .of your children, whose welfare, hereafter, as ?well as here on earth, chiefly depends on your securing for them the benefits of a Catholic education. Knowing your duty io your children, it will be for you as citizens of this -empire to assert your constitutional (right to the fullest liberty and to complete equality with your fellow subjects in the ful filment of those duties which your conscience, guided by religion, imposes on you. It is ;the boast of the Government under which, we .live that all. citizens are equal before the law, and that it interferes with the conscientious religiotis .opinions of no man. It will be for you, who. are members of the Holy Catholic .Church, the 'pillar and the ground of truth,' and who thus enjoy the inestimable blessing of infallibly Jcnowing the truth of God, to claim for the truth the legal rights, and privi leges so freely granted to every form of error. Therefore, declaring .;to you the maxims of our holy rcligiou, we apply to the present cir'oumstances of our country the principles j which our faith teaches us, that you may : know what is the, will of God, well pleasing ' .and perfect. - I '.' Yoti must, then, fathers and mothers, j have always before your eyes in the educa tion of your children that fundamental truth, fwhich incarnate wisdom Himself taught us, i when he said — ' What doth it profit a man, J if he gain the whole world and stiller the loss j .of his own soul?' (Matt., xvi. 26). What ? will 'it profit you or your children to gain all ^knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in .this Vorld, if, through your fault and .through your exposing them to the danger of _ evil education, they suffer the loss of that j faith, without which 'it is impossible to please God?' (Hebr., xi.) ' Guided' by this principlo, our Holy ^Father, Pope Pius IX., has declared, that Catholics cannot 'approve of a .system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge - of merely natural things, and only, or at least prima rily, the ends of earthly social life*' Catholic patents cannot approve 01 an education, which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. As faith is the foundation of all our hopes for eternity, and as faith with out' good works is, dead, you cannot choose for your children education which would endanger their faith and morals, and conse quently imperil their eternal welfare. 'This is no. novel doctrine as some . assert. In the. beginning of the century the illustrious Pius VII., in an encyclical letter addressed to the bishops, of the Catholic world, July 10th; 1800,. thus writes :— It is your duty to take care of the whole flock over which the Holy Ghost has placed you as bishops, but in particular to watch over children and young meu. They ought to be the special object of your paternal love, of your vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all your care. They «svho have tried to subvert society and families, to destroy authority divine and human, have spared no pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easily to execute their in famous projects. They know that the mind and heart ot young persons, like soft wax to v/hich one may give what form he pleases, are very fiwsceptible of every sort of impression ; that they keep tenaciously, when age has now har dened them, those which they had early re ceived, and reject others. Thence the well known proverb taken from the Scripture, 'A young man according to his way, even when he is old he will not depart from it.' Suffer not then, venerable brethren, the children of this world to he more prudent in this, respect than che children of light. Examine therefore, with the greatest attention to what manner of persons is confided the education of children, and of young men in the colleges and seminaries ; of what sort are the instructions given them ; what sort of school existfamong you ; of what sort are the teachers in the Lyceums. Examine into all this with the greatest care sound everything, let nothing escape your vigilant eye, keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these innocent lambs ; drive out of the sheep fold those which have gotten in ; remove them as soon as can be for such, is the power which, has been given to you by the Lord for the edifi cation of your sheep. Our Holy Father Pope Pius IX., consult ing for the special wants of the Catholics of Ireland, had not ceased, almost from the very beginning of his glorious pontificate, to re peat similar instructions in his apostolic let ters to your bishops. Hence, by his rescrpits of October, 1847, and October, 1848, he con demned from their first institution the Queen's Colleges, on account of their ' griev ous and intrinsic 'dariger to faith and morals' ; and since then he has frequently repeated his sacred admonitions, warning us and you, our faithful people, to beware of evil systems of public instruction, and to secure by every means in our power the blessings of Catholic education for the rising generation. '?' ]NTor have your prelates been unmindful of their duty in this respect. In 1824, that is to say five years i before Catholic Emancipa tion, and in the midst of the struggle for that recognition of the existence of our people as citizens, they presented to Parliament a peti tion from which we make the following ex tract, which clearly shows their conviction of the necessity of religious education : — That in the Boman Catholic Church the literary and religious instruction of youth, are universally combined, and that no system of education which separates them can be accept able to the members of her communion ; that the religious instruction of youth in Catholic schools is always conveyed by means of cate chetical instruction, daily prayer, and the read ing of religious books wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated; that Roman Catholics have ever considered the reading of the Sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the Word of CrnA is mnrteliahlfi tn irrn-jpronoo uAntli exposed to misunderstand its meaning, and thereby not unf requently to receive in early life impressions which may afterwards prove in jurious to their own best interests, as well as to those of the society -which, they are destined to form. That schools whereof the master pro fesses a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruction as the Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in which books and tracts not sanctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted to by the children of Roman Catholics ; and that threats and rewards have been found equally unavailing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to procure education for their children from such persons or in such schools ; that' any system of education incompatible with the disci pline of the Catholic Church, or superintended exclusively by persons professing a religion different from that of the vast majority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating often distrust and dis cord as well as a want of that mutual good faith and perfect confidence which should prevail between those who receive benefits and those who dispense them. 'Tour bishops again expressed the like sentiments in 1826. V' ; ' In the year 1829 Catholic Emancipation was granted, and the necessity, of dealing with the qtiestion of education, in Ireland forced itself more and more upon the legisla ture. Accordingly the 'National system was instituted, and a few years later the- Queen's Colleges were- founded : but, unfortunately, in these attempts at settling a question which concerns you and your children above all other; your wishes and the demands of your bishops, speaking as the guardians of your faith, were not listened to as they deserved. A National Synod met in Thurles in August', 1850 ; and again the prelates spoke words of instruction, of which ; recent sad events in France have furnished anew and most melan choly confirmation,: — ' !As rulers of the Church of Christ, chief pas tors of his flock, religiously responsible to the Prince of pastors for every soul committed to our charge, it forms, as is obvious, our first and paramount duty to attend to the pastures in which they feed— the doctrines with which they are nourished. And, surely, if ever there was a period which called for the unsleeping vigilance, the prudent foresight, the intrepid and self sacrificing zeal of our august ministry— that period is the present. The alarming spectacle which the Christian world exhibits at the pre sent day, the novel but formidable forms in which error presents itself, and the nianifold evils and perils by which the Church is encom passed, must be evident to the most superficial observer. It is no longer a single heresy or an eccentric fanaticism, the denial of some revealed truth, or the excesses of some extravagant error, but a comprehensive, all-pervading, well-digested system of unbelief, suited to every capacity, and reaching every intellect, that corrupts and desolates the moral world. Is not such the calamitous spectacle which the continent of Europe offers to us at this moment? Education, the source of all intellec tual, life by which the mind of man is nurtured and disciplined, his principles deter mined, his feelings regulated, his judgments fixed, his character formed, has been forcibly dissevered from every connection with religion, and made the vehicle of that cold scepticism and heartless indifferentism which have seduced and corrupted youth, and by a aeceasary consequeuce shaken to its centre the whole fabric of social life. Separated from her heavenly monitor learning is no longer the organ of thai wisdom which cometh from above, which, according to St. James, is 'chaste, peaceable, modest, easy to be persuaded, consenting to the good, full of mercy and good fruits, without judging, with out dissimulation.' but rather of that wisdom which he describes as ' earthly, sensual, and develish' (James iii., 15 17). It is, we feel assured, unnecessary to observe to you that of all modes of propagating error education is the most subtle and dangerous, furnishing as it does the ailment by which the social body is sus tained, which circulates through every vein, and reacnes every iuemuei. ; &uu; MJitu u luiu auiueui should prove to be corrupt or deleterious, it will not fail to carry moral disease and death to the entire system. Hence the awful obligations we are under at the peril of our souls of watching over the education of the people whom God has in trusted to our charge. Listen to the emphatic words in which the present illustrious Pontiff sets forth the dangers to which youth is exposed at the present time, and the duties which are placed upon the pastors of the people in this re gard 'It is incumbent upon you,' he says, 'and upon ourselves, to labour with all dili gence and energy, and with great firmness of purpose, and to be vigilant in everything that regards schools, and the instruction and educa tion of children and youths of both sexes ; for you well know that the modern enemies of reli gion and human society, with a most diabolical spirit, direct all their, artifices to pervert the minds and hearts of youth from their earliest years. Wherefore they leave nothing untried, they shrink from no attempt to withdraw schools and every institution destined for the education of youth from the authority of the Church and the vigilance of her holy pastors.' — Encyl. Letter of Pius IX., 8th December, 1849. Such are the words of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, ?which show the responsibility under which we are placed, and point out our duty to protect from the insidious snares laid for their destruc tion, the lambs of the fold— that most helpless but precious portion of the flock of Jesus Christ which the prophet represents as carried in his bosom. 'Again, in 1859, 1862, 1863,1867, and 1869, we renewed our condemnation of the mixed system, and demanded for you and your children the advantage of truly Catholic education. 'We give as an appendix the resolutions adopted by your bishops on those several oc casions. The most wonderful unanimity on this important subject of education is to be found among all the bishops of the Catholic Church ; a unanimity which can proceed only from that Spirit of Truth which abides with the Church, and teaches and will teach her 'all truth even to the consummation of the world.' Several of the most distinguished bishops of France have, over and over again, condemned the mixed system, and declared the necessity of a thorough union between religion and secular teaching in the school. a1 or au.ive snail give you me woras oi one among them addressed to the Catholic Con gress of Mechlin in 1864 : — At this moment, while I am addressing you, a few writers for the press tell us that religion must be driven out of the school, and other things of the same kind, and at the same instant what are ten millions of human beings doing in Europe? They are labouring ; and after their work they are going back to their poor cabins or miserable rooms, to begin again the same wretched round to-morrow ; and in this mono- ? tonous life, with minds so little cultivated, what are the few rays of comfort which fall upon them from the cradle to the grave. In childhood they would fain spend their time at play, whose voice was ifc that repeated to their ears, ' No, my child, you must work ?' In youth they would fain amuse themselves, and waste what is most previous in the youthful soul, its love Whose was the voice that said, ' No, my child, be pure ?' At forty they thought of riches, of revolutions, of sensual indulgence. What voice then said, 'Be just, be calm, be temperate?' At sixty they were becoming the victims of des pair, of rancour, or of every brutalising passion. Who said to them in that hour of trial, ' Have hope?' Gentlemen, here below there ia only one voice which can say all this — and with power — to the labouring and suffering millions : it is the voice of Religion. Here is the only voice which reminds all who are poor or who suffer of God, of duty, of eternity, of Jesus Christ, who laboured and suffered as they do, and of the crucifix which will be their comfort and hope at the last hour, t 'The sentiments 'sa 'eloquently, expressed are shared by the. Bishops,' of Prussia, of Austria, of Belgium, of Holland, of Australia, of Canada, and of the United States, Avho in theiiv pastorals, their synodical addresses, and in their other publications, condemn with one accord the mixed system, and de clare that education based upon our holy religion is alone suitable for Catholic children. Not- to .-multiply, quotations, it will suffice to cite the following extract from the Address of the Plenary Synod of the Church of the United States, held at Baltimore in the year 1866\. That council was one of the most numerous. . held after the Council of Trent, until the meeting of the General Council of the Vatican. Its decrees were signed by seven archbishops, thirty- seven bishops, two pro curators of absent bishops, and two abbots :— « The experience of every day shows more and more plainly what serious evils and great dan gers are entailed upon Catholic youth by their frequentation of public schools in this country. Such is the nature of the system of teaching therein employed that it is not possible to pre. vent young Catholics from incurring through ito influence danger to their faith and morals, nor can we ascribe to any other cause that destruc tive spirit of indifferentism, which has made, and is now making, such rapid strides in this country, and that corruption of morals which we have to deplore even in those of tender years. Familiar intercourse with those of false religions., or of no religion ; the daily use of authors who assail with calumny and sarcasm our holy religion, its practices, and even its saints— these gradually impair in the minds of Catholic chil. dren the vigour and influence of the true reli gion. Besides, the morals and examples of their fellow-scholars are generally so corrupt, and so great their license in word and deed, that through continual contact with them the mo desty and piety of our children, even of those who have been best trained at home, disappear like wax before the fire. These evils and dan gers did not escape the knowledge of our prede cessors as we learn from the following decrees : ? ' (a) Whereas many Catholic children, especi ally those born of poor parents, have been aim -uo aviu exposed in several places oi this ? province to great danger of losing their faith 1 and morals, owing to the want of good mas- I ters to whom their education may safely be I entrusted, we consider it absolutely neces- I Bayy that schools should be established in I which the young may be imbued with the I principles of faith and morality, and at the I same receive instruction in letters.'— Coun* ? I til of Baltimore, No. 33. | '(6) Whereas the books generally used in B schools contained much that is opposed to I the principles of our faith, inaccurate state- E ments of our doctrine, and even historical ' I falsehoods, whereby the minds of the young I are filled with error, to the grave peril of I their souls, the interests of religion and edu- I cation, and the credit of the United States 8 imperatively demand some rememdv for so I great an evil, '—ib., 34. J '(c) Whereas the character of the public education given in these provinces is gene rally such as to promote heresy by insensi bly instilling into the minds of the young '' the. false principles of the sects, we warn all pastors to uae their best diligenee to secure a Christian and Catholic education for' children, and to take care that the children do not read the Protestant Bible, nor recite I the hymns or prayers used by other reli- ..... I gions. They should be vigilant, therefore, lest books or practices of this kind be intro duced into the public schools to the peril of faith and piety. All such efforts on the I part of the sects should be resisted with firmness and moderation, care being taken to ask the co-operation of those in au thority.'— Baltimore, No. 51. ^ Now the best, and, indeed, the sole remedy lor these most serious evils aud inconveniences, iq our judgment, is this : that schools be erected r? 1V vy dlocese» near ^ch church, in which Oatnohc youth may be imbued with literature and a hoeral education, as well as with religion and morality, as was already prescribed by the fathers of a former Plenary Council. We exhort the bishops, and, considering the dreadful evils that spring from a bad system of education, we implore them by the bowels of the mercy of God to take care that schools should be attached to every church in their dioceses, and, if necessary, and where circumstances allow, let them provide suitable masters at the expense of the church to which the school is attached.— Ibid, 51. (To be continued.) 