DISCUSSION ON SPIRITUALISM. Messrs. David- Blair and J. Tyerman con cluded their disouBsion on spiritualism, at the Lecture Hall, Russell-street, last evening, when, in the unavoidable absence of Mr. Call, P.M., the ohair was oooupied by Mr. Jas. M'Kean. The attendanoe was not nearly so large as on tho two first discussions, the hall not being more than half filled. Mr. Blair resumed the ' disoussion, and addressed himself to the last speech of his opponent, his opening remarks consist ing principally of qnotations of the. tes timony of various scientific men who had examined into the subject, andg'a review of the writings of what he termed the " priests and priestesses" of spiritualism. He also spoke of the siances of MrB. Fagan, who visited London, and charged a guinea for admission to the exhi bitions of her power as a medium. In refe rence to this lady he spoko especially of George Henry Lewes, the author of tho Biographical History of Philosophy, who tested her alleged spiritualistic power, and published the results of his observations In tho Leader, a "London paper of groat repute some twenty years ago. From this it appeared that Mr. Lewes im posed the condition that the questions which he put shonld be written on a piece of paper and folded up, no oDe ueeing them bnt himself, as it was claimed that the spirits could read what was written on folded paper. Oneof these questions was whether Herod the Jew had seventeen noseB, and the answer was "yes," and another was "Is Mrs. Fagan an Im postor," to whioh the answer was also "yes." (Great laughter.) On this Mr. LeweB very rationally olaimed to have E roved Mrs. Fagan an impostor, for e plaoed her in the position of being either an impostor who claimed to do what she could not, or else of a pro claimed impostor from the mouths of the spirits she said she was the medium of. As to Mr. Tyerman's "testimony," he said that the only question for them to oonslder was whether they were to believo a few Indivi duals who believed they saw a table move, or the testimony ot millions of the human race, who all gave evidence that heavy snbstanoea did not move unless some external pressure were applied to them. If they were to be lieve what had been called "testimony," they had better burn down all their publlo libraries, coue giving tho education (to which they paid hundreds of thousands of pounds, and all go Into dark private parlors and listen to the wonderful spirits or ghosts they had been told about. Mr. Tyerman, in replying, first referred to Mr. Blair's statement that, in the articlo which be wrote in the Colonial Monthly about four years ago, be only stated what other people had Been, and quoted from that article to show that the writer had admitted that what had been reported to him xvas inexplicable in his opinion upon any natural hypothesis aud " baliiod all natural explanation." After dealing with one or two minor matters in Mr. Blair's last spooch on tho previous evening, he proceeded to argue that spiritual ism was in ovory way in accordance with tho iloctriues of Herschel, who appeared to bo his opponent's great luhlo or philosophy, for Herschel had not obtained his formulated results until ho had colicctodtho experiences of others, and the facts collected by them, and;.on those he be gan to goncraliso. This ho argU6d was just what spiritualism was doing. He combated tho assertion that the doc trines of spiritualism were stolon, aud said that the doctrines alleged to have been stolen from tho New Testament were as frco as air, and were as much the birthright of every man as the sunlight. As to the statemont tbat tho powor of mediums was known by tho anoients, ho argued that his opponent might as well Hay that because writing was known to tho ancients he had stolen that from theui. Mr. Blair, ho said, had f accused spiritualism of having stolen its doctrines ; bnt he accused him of having stolen the list of contradictory doc trines ho professed to havo culled from spiritualistic works ; and ho then challenged his opponent to show that those con tradictory statements were to bo found in opiritunlistio works, giving him a list of forty volumes of 400 pages to do so from, and promising another 100 volumes if they were wanted. He admitted that there were differences in tho deductions drawn from ' tho spirit communications, but al- . logod that they were not to bo compared to the dogmatic differences existing between different churches at tho present day. (Cheers and hisses.) The most serious charge made against spirit ualism, howevor, had beon that of immor ality, and lie challenged Mr. Blair to givo any evidence of it. Mr. Blair, who next addressod tho meeting, again asserted that what was written by him in the Colonial Monthly was simply what had been rolatod to him by another person, and then narrated the history of spiritualism from the time of tho Fox family. He said that it was blasphemous and auti-chrlstian, and read one or two extraots from spiritualistic works to show that this was the oaBe, refusing howevor to read the title to one of the books, beoauso it was so utterly Indecent and blasphemous. He deniod that there was anything liko the number of believers in spiritualism which was claimed for it, and challenged proof that their number iu Amorica amounted to 500,000. Onoe more - he repeated that Bplritism bad not givon them one now fact, not one seoret of soienoe, and not one law tvhloh had never been laid open, and ho ohalleuged proof of it from any or all of the twenty-five volumes of Andrew Jackson Davis, whiob he said were twenty-five volumes of the greatest rubbish ever written in tho English language. A book lately published iu Melbourne nndor tho title of Affinity was, he said, a dis- graoo to our deoenoy and to our laws. Mr. Tyerman replied, and shortly summed up the disouseion, after which a vote of thanks to the disputants and to the chairman con cluded tho proceedings. 