BRISBANE SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION: THE third annual meeting in connection with this institution was held in the Town Hall last night. About 200 persons sat down to tea and other refreshments, which appeared to be fully appreciated. After tea the tables were cleared away, and the more interesting portion of the business of the meeting was proceeded with. Mr. G. WIGHT, president, occupied the chair, and the proceedings were commenced by sing- ing oud prayer. The CHAIRMAN then announced, for the infor- motion of the meeting, that the gentlemen who had acted as officers during the past year had been unanimously re-elected for the current year, namely President, Mr. G. Wight ; home secretary, Mr. Bell ; foreign secretary, Mr. Crowther ¡ treasurer, Mr. Jennings and committee, the superintendent of each Sunday-school, and one teacher from each school. he had, however, to request that the meeting would appoint auditor s for the current year. On the motion of Mr. GRAY, seconded by Mr. JFNKISGB, Messrs. R. Hall, and J. M. Bryden were unanimously elected auditors. Communications were received from the Revs. J Gardiner, W. G. Taylor, Fletcher, J, Voller, and E. Griffith, expressing regret at being unable to attend from various causes, and wishing the Union every success. REPORT. The following report was then read by the HOSIE SECBETAUYI " In accordance with our custom, we present to you this evening the third annual report of the Brisbane Sunday-school Union, and in doing so it will be seen that the tree has taken firm root, and is now beginning to spread its branches, to bud, and bear fruit. Having got over the difficulties of formation, and done something in the way of consolidation, we think we may say that we are now beginning to make progress. " Two schools have been formally HaRM during the year, and one-the Free Church of England School-hall' ceased to exist, leaving the total number of schools now in the Union 14, having 218 teachers and 2005 scholars as follows: Teachers. Scholars, M. F, Total. J'.eiuyterlan School, Wickham-terrace and Valley 8 14 01 "09 Wesleyan School,.Ubert-streot'.; TO 10 S M 105 Baptist School, Petrie-terrace .. 7 8 ' 16 213 Congregational School, Wharf street . 14 17 o, IRA 1'. by certain School, South Brisbane .... ,, 11 0 20 130 Baptist School, Wharf-street is 6 to "66 Presbyterian School, Creek street 5 E Wesleyan School, South Brisbane 33 0 Baptist School, Fortitude Val,, ley 12 n 17 170 Congregational School, South Brisbane. 12 to 2' 200 Baptist School, for man's Creek 2 2-1 30 Congregational School, Eildon mu 2 2 4 15 United Methodist Free Church School, Ann-street 3 3 9.45 Congregational School, Milton... 3 3 0 77 115 103 213 2005 The above figures show a, total increase in 1020 V the schools during the year of thirty six teachers and 343 scholars " The committee have met monthly for the transaction of business, and a great deal of detail work has been got through " Quarterly meetings have been held as usual, at which papers were read to the teachers on the following subjects -'The proper mode of conveying religious instruction to the young,' by the Rev. M McGavin, M A and the Sabbath school teacher, a worker with God, by the Rev. J Kingsford, and one was made a conversational meeting at which matters con- ducted with the Union generally were talked over " Reference was made in the report last year to an effort that was making to establish a training class for teachers, and the committee have great pleasure in reporting that such a class has been formed, and is now meeting monthly " A successful effort has also been made to establish a Sunday school depot in Brisbane, and in order to add to the stock now in hand comprising Sunday School journals, admiEslon books, library registers, library cards, and class registers- the sum of £10 has been sent to England during the past 5 our for the pur- chase of various other school requisites including library and lenard books, and additional sums will be remitted periodically so soon as the wants of the several schools are ascertained, and a supply of the most useful requirements will always be kept in stock and which will be obtainable by the schools of the Union at Eng IIII cost prices Schools not connected with this Union will also be able to obtain such supplies as they may require at the usual trade and France to cover shipping expenses, freight, c " Ouogoodwhichhasahoudyreoultcdfiom the opening up of communication with the Union in London has been the facility afforded for placing in the hands of the teachers the magazines and other current Sunday school literature of the day It is also gratifying to know that the scholars in many of Schools have become sub- scribers to magazines suited to their ago, which are placed in their hands at the publishing firms in England " With reference to rendering aid to now schools formed in the suburban and country districts, the committee have resolved to deal with such applications UB may be made to them on their respective merits. This plan has been found necessary for the present in consequence of the demands that will be made for some time to come upon our funds, In order to provide for the schools already in the Union. An finds possible condition, however, to such aid being granted in any case will be that such schools should become affiliated with this Union. As the question is one of great importance, the committee are very anxious that a fund should be established from which such aid could be rendered without trenching on the ordinary funds, and would commend the matter to the consideration of the Christian public, who by becoming subscribers to the extent of five shillings annually would become honorary members of the Union, and if fifty or more such subscribers could be obtained, a sum would be raised sufficient to meet any assistance that is likely to be immediately required. "The annual gathering of schools was held last Easter Monday in the Botanical Gardens, the use of which was kindly granted by the Minister for Lands, and was in every respect a great success. As nearly as could be ascertained about 180 teachers and about 2250 scholars were present. The Gardens were thronged throughout the day with visitors, including the Marchioness of Normanby, Miss Russell, Charles Lilley, Esq., and other members of the legislative Assembly, and everything passed off most satisfactorily. The annual gathering is now looked forward to with interest not only by the children and their parents, but by the public generally, The best thanks of the committee are due to Mr. Walter Hill, the Curator of the Gardens, for the lively interest taken by him in forwarding the arrangements of the committee in every possible way. " The committee have great pleasure in reporting that a Union of Sunday- schools has been formed in Rockhampton, and that there is a desire to co- operate with this Union in all matters affecting the interests of the schools generally. " The establishment of a reference library for teachers, and the formation of week evening classes for the study of music and singing by the scholars have been before the committee, and will no doubt receive further consideration during the ensuing year. " The committee cannot bring this report to a close without acknowledging the guiding hand of the Divine Master, whose presence and bless- ing have been largely experienced, and who, in the midst of much weariness and watching hoe v cheered and comforted the hearts of many of his IWithful workers by giving them to see that they were not laboring in vain, nor spending their strength for nought, and it is hoped now that the children of this colony are blessed with the advantage of receiving a free secular education, that Christian parents will be more alive to their religious obligations to their children, and that the Church and Sunday-schools will through the agency of Godly men and women, trained in the art of teaching he found equal (under the guidance and blessing of God to giving the young committed to their care such instruction in divine things us will enable them to grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ; so that they may be living epistles known and read of all men and to His great name will we ascribe the wisdom, the power, dominion, and glory for over and over. Amen.' " WILLIAM BELL., Home Secretary." Mr. BELL also stated that an application had been received from the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Fortitude Valley, to join the Union, and the reason why no reference was made to it in the report was, that it was not received until after the report had been drawn up. They would be included in this year's report. Mr. JENNINGS then read the financial statement, from which it appeared that there was a balance of 264 10s. 2d. to the credit of the Union. The Rev. S. SAVAGE, in moving the adoption of the report, expressed great satisfaction at the progress which had been made by the Union during the past year. It was evident from what they had heard that the officers had been diligent in their work, and that the members had manifested a good deal of sympathy and hearty co-opera- tion and it was pleasing to find that so much had been accomplished. The rev, gentleman then delivered a very interesting and instructive address on "The Christian Church and the Sunday-school." He pointed out that one of the most important duties of Christian Churches was to provide proper means and accommodation for the teaching and training of the young to nourish and strengthen them to fit them for the conflict of life. He also commented at some length on the great responsibility of parents in regard to the education of their children, and contended that when they neglect their duty in this respect it was for the Churches to supply the deficiency, and rescue those children from evil. It was in the young that their hopes must be centred with respect to the future They must look to them to fill the places of those who were now working in the Church and those who are gone to everlasting blessed nose and if they left this training until other habits had become fixed, they would look in vain for progress in the Churches. (Applause). Mr. JORDAN, in seconding the motion, said it afforded him great pleasure to be present at such a meeting as this, and to be associated with those who were advocating the claims which Sunday-schools had upon the sympathies and support if Christiana of all denominations. It was almost impossible to over estimate the importance of the Sabbath-school institution as branch of Evangelistic labor. Happily it was v Jiot with us here as in the old country, where ' great numbers were ignorant, degraded by poverty, and all its depressing and demoralising influences. There Sabbath Schools had a special mission, and they could not measure the good which had resulted from the operation of Sunday-school instruction among the poorer classes in Great Britain, where its greatest triumphs had been achieved, Thousands who would otherwise have grown up knowing as little of their Great Master as 1 though He had never revealed himself to us in j His Holy Word unable to load the blessed Book over entering a place of worship in a condition of more hoathonism-having been gathered within the fold of the Sunday school had there, under the gentle care of the fifth gent and devoted Sunday school teacher, born humanised, instructed, evangelise, elevated in the social scale, renewed in the spirit of their minds , had become living stones in the temple of God's house ornaments to society, and a blessing to the world His heartiest sympathies were with this institution He believed its principles and operation were not only highly ; catholic but strictly philosophical, recognising and acting on the common BCUSO principle that all Christiana cannot think alike in matters non essential, but that he might agree to differ, and that all might act in unison in promoting the grand object of the religious training of the young He was reminded this evening of early days, while for some years practising his profession in the good old town of Derby, he was associated with some of the afloat and best men and women he had ever known in the work of Sunday school teaching More self don't sing do\ redness, more sincere and ardent piety, more unity and love he had never met with since then he then with noise. The sphere of Sunday school touching was an honorable one, and man) aSsOCiated with it were persons of education, ability, and refinement, while thousands were among some of the most pious and devoted Christians of our | highly Christian land " The personal qualifications of an efficient Sunday-school teacher " was given him, as the subject on which to speak, and although he wishcdthattho task had fallen into abler hands he had assisted in its | fulfilment by what he had himself witnessed in the successful results of Sunday school teaching, and by his own observation of the qualities | actually exhibited by individuals who had been thus successful To interest the your they must have thoughts words soon wearied than it was not merely to teach them to read God's Holy Book, 01 to repeat hymns however beautiful, however many and soil but to interest them in Drwno truth in the fullest and most effectual manner that the teacher had to labor There were no histories BO wonderful, no stones SO old, no narratives 90 affecting, no scenes BO touching, so beautiful so instructive A as those contained in God's Word Thus it was that contract truth was taught by Divine | Wisdom All the doctrines of religion were thus conveyed History, parable, narrative, natural objects scenes from common life the I father's house, the widow's cottage, the sick chamber of the child, the traveller by the well, the flow or of the field the passing book, the changing 84 y If the Sunday school teachers could thus in like manner invest the truths to be taught Nature's garb, the youngest child would liston, the dullest child would learn Intelligence and the possession of honor at m for mutton, some knowledge of history, a pure taste cultivated by leading good standard books rather than even the religious periodicals of the day would be necessary to qualify for conveying, 111 the most effectual way to the minds of ohildraijiohgiouBiiiBtiuelion ThoSauday school at anchor should be a careful reader and an attentive student, not only of God's Word, but no opportunity served, of history, science, and its nature "Manner" was said to include almost nil excellence in a public speaker, and it was especially important in teaching the young The matter must behind, gentle, and loving Some had all this in perfection naturally, and were thus naturally fitted for this office, and then, other things being equal, they were certain to be successful Hence it was that women make better teachers than men Still the rougher BOX need not despair, as practice had been known to overcome great natural defects The great secret of BUCCOBB generally in teaching the young was that natural fondness for children which the little ones immediately detected, and which would not like a charm in fixing their attention, stimulating their into electric power and opening their hearts to receive the luimatraliona of the teacher All other qualities, however were of no avail unless love wore manifested in all that they did in trying to influence the young 'HUB was a divine principle heaven bom, we read of its being " shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost given to us " those who had experienced this had their own hearts warmed by it, those who came afresh every day to its source to have the fire rekindled and sustained, who drank fresh draughts of this ore from the ox haustloBS, fathomless fountain of God's love to us, as exhibited at Bothkhom, Gethsemane, and Calvary, Theo would be qualified for their work, and the pleasure of the Lord would prosper in their hands (Applause ) The motion was put and 0 mud unanimously After a hymn had been sung, the CHAIRMAN called upon the REV M M Gavin to address the meeting Mr. M'GAVIN, who was received with warm applause, said The subject on which I am asked to address you is " Sabbath-schools and National Education." I make no apology for undertaking the task of bringing before you so great and important a subject. It is not of my solicitation. I am only agreeing to do what the committee of arrangements Ima thought, proper to ask me to do and in complying with their request, I hovooaruoßtly to beg that my humble efforts to urge the matter on your attention may not by their inefficiency be allowed to depreciate the claims of the subject to your consideration and care. [After briefly commenting on Sab bath-schools, the rev. gentleman continued] : Of our National system of education there is much to be said, but I fear in my present position utmost to say anything. I am happy, Mr. Chairman, that in our colony of Queensland the question of National education is decided. A system is in existence and operation in our midst, and while the mother country has been agitated from Dan to Beersheba by the question of education, our country the youngest if not the forest and the best of England's colonies has had the matter arranged and acted on. I wish I could say that our arrangement is a por feet one. Perfection can hardly be expected of any human contrivance, but while there are some unseemly ox ci'03cence6 in our system, excrescenceS which may require a bold and determined hand to remove ; there is in the system itself the principles, I am Botiaflod, of perfection. What is National education ? A proper answer to this question is important, It is not education for the few, nor is it education for the many; but, as the term implies, education for the whole. It is not the doling out of lumps of learning to any particular class, not the establishment of agencies for the elevation of any one portion of the population. It is the establishment of means by which every boy and girl in the whole colony may acquire the knowledge which capacities, for the duties of citizenship, and which may enable them to rise in the scale of civilisation, and in their rise bear the interests of their fathers andfriends and the prosperity and charactor of the colony along with them. This is my idea of what is called National education. And yet there is another element which enters at least into what we are proud to call our Queensland education -it is furnished at the nation's expense. This ! is a consideration which will deserves your attention. The funds which go to the maintenance of the establishment are not the contributions of a private charity. They are not provided by the free-will offerings of the rich and the benevolent. In that case our personal interference might be considered intrusive and impertinent. But they are national. They are contributed by the people. The Treasury of the colony is the source from which they are obtained. They are no private contribution. They are furnished by the taxes imposed on the people and if any man has a right to inter- more, SO boB every man. It is every man's duty to interfere and while on some subjects the people may be haw awed by a would be superiority, on this subject, which is every man's own, no man dare be overawed by another man's haughtiness and pretensions. On this ground, then, we take our (stand in what efforts we make to promote the efficiency of our educational system. But what would we propose ? This may be a somewhat invidious matter. I have my own opinions ; you have, I doubt not, your op Fiona s and the general public will have their opinions. My opinions may not be yours, and yours and mine may not comport with those of the public without I do not know, but if you will not find it an impost I will give you mine, and you can judge how far they are reasonable and just Well thou, as a first principle, I hold that we, who furnish the means should see the coin moneys devoted to the education of the young, by fully and honestly and efficiently ndinuiiotoiod They are taken from us for a purpose, a fund purpose I allow, a git mad and glorious purpose of but 13 that purpose carried into effect? Are the children of our colony made equally to share in the blessings of this our great educational metal bailment ? I have no fault with our Educational Board, I have nothing to object to our diligent and excellent teachers But is there any appa rates by which to secure the attendance of the children and bring them to enjoy the benefits which are intended for them. The disposition of the parents is not enough for a rule ignorance, carelessness, or something worse, army 1 op the children at home, or send them us Arabs into our streets and fields, leaving them to form their character and destiny, in idleness, barbarism, and vice Is this compatible with a National system of education ? Is it not as a preventive of this out that a National system of education is thought necessary and I see no probability of uprooting the evil, but by a compulsory clause in our educational enactments In connection with this matter, there is another thing which deserves your notice By the present arrangement the children are attached to no particular school The patents are at liberty to send them to any school they prefer This may be just, and ought to be I would impose no constraint, at least in this part of the proceedings But when the children are sent to a particular school, 13 there to be no means by which the attendance in that school is to be secured I know it to be an evil, an evil of which the teachers have reason to complain, and of which the parents themselves, and the children too, though now they know it not, will be sure to realise the evil, when probably it is too late to be remedied How can the teachers have justice when their pupils are at liberty to inn from school to school as when 01 folly in by direct and how can the pupils advance where there is no steady loss of attendance and discipline ? Something must be done in justice to the teachers, and something' is nnporuhvoly demanded in justice to the children Our National Schools furnish the means of a common education to all. This is as it should be. But what are the means of a higher education ? Many of the sons and daughters of our industrial classes may be fitted by nature for a more honorable position in life than that occupied by their fathers. Talents and genius are not confined to the ranks of dignity and wealth and it may be desirable, EO na to qualify them for a learned profession, that they have facilities for acquiring a knowledge of the sciences and arts of life. Where, by our present system, is this higher education to be had The Q ram mar Schools of our colony belong, it may be said, to a different system of arrangement. They are dependent on the fees of the pupils, and, as those years ago considerable, they may be regarded as exclusive seminaries for the rich. To this arrangement there can be no reasonable objection. But is there no allow ance by Parliament to those aristocratic establishments ? is the money of the colony, in no inconsiderable amount, to be taken and devoted to the assistance of the education of the wealthy, and no benefit be allowed to the poor ? Are the talented of the children of our artisans, mechanics and laborers, of the men who are properly regarded as the bone and sinew of society, who have the mind and the genius for loftiest uiidortalingB, and the capacity and the will to sustain and promote the prosperity and the character of our country, are they to be restrained in their aspirations, and by a tyrannical necessity confined to the drudgery of their parents ? What is to be proposed than ? Some in earnestness, and others in ridicule may ask, A plan which was suggested by a friend seems feasible and reasonable. Let the money which is contributed by the Government, I do not know that yearly sums were contributed, but sums are granted, at least at the formation of those schools ; let these sums be converted into a capital, from which certain scholarships shall be established, and let these scholarships in the hands of the Educational Board be distributed as far as they go among the deserving of the pupils in our common Bcminarios. Let an examination be instituted, and for those who pass the examination be appointed to a scholarship, so that our Grammar Schools may become a prize without a burden to the country means of stimulating the talents of the young; and thus, by affording a higher education to the meritorious poor, Bond back tholiborahty of the Government in blessings on the country. (Applause.) There is no four of injurious feelings among the pupils ; merit will make up for the want of money, and that which has been acquired by personal deserving will always outweigh the acquisitions of fortune I should be done. But there is a point more which must not be overlooked, and I crave your attention for a few minutes longer, I refer to what is usually called the religious difficulty. This game has always struck me as a perfect misnomer. That there is a difficulty in connection with religion, 1 most readily admit; but not in my opinion a difficulty which is caused by religion, It is an ecclesiastic cal difficulty-a difficulty which is caused only by Sectarian pride or Denominational prejudice -a difficulty with which religion as such has nothing to do. The touching of Dogmatic or Sectarian theology do not necessarily religious education; and while the value of religion in our National seminaries is at once and most cheerfully allowed, the proBCiioo of the Dogmatic, and especially of the Soolarian kind, must he strongly and most resolutely denounced. The friends of the Church of England, who favor the principle of the Non-vested Schools, I must excuse me. I impute to them no dishonorable motive I charge them with nothing that reflects on their character as Christians, or on their respectability as men, I believe they are actuated by the best wishes for the young of the colony, and they devote themselves to HUB scheme of education as what they believe to be necessary. But, with the best possible intentions, mon may be mistaken in their judgments. Our friends are mistaken ; they are imposed on by their partialities to an ecclesiastical form ; they think their Church to be the Church, the one true Church, the only Church of the living God ; they un- christianiso all other Churches, and they contend that in the advancement of religion the principles and government of their Church must be the great and only employed agony. On these matters I have at present no controversy with our friends ; but I think it is necessary to remind them that their views and convictions are not cured On the subject of the Church of Christ we are at opposite ex- tremors, and while we look at their Church OF but a soot or portion of the Church of God, you while some of us, I doubt not, regard it as at best but an apostate or erring portion, they need not wonder that we consider their claims as arrogant and unreasonable. Indoctrinate our children in principles which we disallow, and pay for the indoctrination of the children in forms and dogmas which our consciences con down, we cannot and we will not allow (Ap- plause ) Propagate their religion so devotedly and intolerant us they will, but let them prove their sincerity by doing it at their own expense. (Applause.) Our National System we cannot permit to be disgraced and degraded by a spirit of exclusive partisanship, and that our moneys shall be forced from us to prolong and promote the mischief, we shall never allow. (Applause) The injury is too great, and the insult is too humiliating, for human reason and human feelings to allow. And in support of a system of education which must not only be called, but in nature and action must be thoroughly national, we are obstinately agreed and while the non-vested elemont-cither Episcopal or Popish continues to dishonor it we are resolute in our opposition, and combine in a determination to destroy it. (Applause.) Mon, Christians, fellow-subjects in Queensland, you are freed by a kind Providence from the incubus of a State- aided Church, are you willing, by n tolerated policy of Church-craft, to smile on those nests of evil, our orphanages and Non-vested Schools where any incubation is in progress which threatens to cover the colony with an in- tolerant a id an intolerable priesthood. For but it, Oh, genius of our country, and for the spirit of peace, of life, and of liberty, smile upon our homes and gliddon and enrich our hearths. (Loud applause ) A hymn was then sung, after noon The Rev. A HAYdoli\oiod a highly instructive address on "How best to retain the old scholars for Church piiMlogts and work" After a few remarks from the Rev. C M'Culloch and the CIIAIIISIAN, the meeting to unnoted in the usual devotional manner. 