Patet llf avte- PRODUCE MARKET. Evening Journal Office, Wednesday. Wheat is very firm at 5s. 5Ad., at which figure sales have been made to-day; 5s. 6d. is, however, still the price for prime samples. Flour is more enquired for and transactions are pending. We quote in parcel (1,000 bushels or upwards), 5s. 5£d. to 5s. 6d.; drayloads, 5s. 3d. Flour—Town brands, £13 to £13 10s. ; country, £12 to £12 5s. EDUCATION IN NEW ZEALAND.—In Canterbury the new Education Act has come into force. It substitutes for school fees a yearly house rate of 20s., and 5s. for each child between the ages of six and thirteen years. This is the Nelson system. Tlie Auckland settlers will not consent to rate themselves for primary schools. Hie experiment of teaching only English in the native schools at Pakowhai, Hawke's Bay, is a great success. AN ANGLICAN IMMERSION.—During a tour made by the Church of England Bishop of Goulburn the following incident occurred. We quote from the Gov.Vjv.m Herald:—"In the afternoon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the 'public baptism of such as are of riper years' was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the Bishop pronounced the words, ' I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," they completely immersed him in the water. Having raised him, and received him into the congregation of Christ's 4 flock,' they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the services for adult baptism— ' and then shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;' It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected." THE BARK TRADE.—This traffic has in the Yankalilla district received a damper, owing to the firing of the Joshua Bates. There are several hundreds of tons of bark ready for shipment at Normanville, but vessels are wanted to take it away. 