HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH ". WALES: '": '.' ( THE usual monthly meeting.üfithisBoeioty was held last evening, at the Oddfellows'' Hall, Elisabeth-street. Mr. W. Hemming, one of the vice: presidents, occupied the chair. There were some- very fine floral exhibits on the table, among others two handsome specimens of lace leaved lilies in full bloom, a very 3no hill-top plant, a great variety of fuschias, and some beautiful large and small dahlias. The following is Mr. Golding's (the scene jury's) list of the exhibits: - Mr. T. W. Morton, Dobroyde Nursery : Papiilora In- practice Eugenia, Passiflora von Volexmei ; two kinds of supplies, mammoth and red colville; Hibiscus Syrisous purpureuB pleads urgently marginata this latter plant, the exhibitor stated in exhibited for the first time, but Mr. Henderson declared his belief that there was one very similar in the Botanic Gardens. Messrs. J. and W. Golding, nurserymen : Lilium Fancy fliers, specie rum and' album; Valetta purpurea, Asters, Tecoma gelatine, Korkorus Japonica, fl. piece ; Erythrina fancifully, and others ; Aristolochia babies, Alibioa row, also place a fruticJBUS plena, Hedychium 'Gardcnerianum ; Virgo fruit of Cardonia Joponico, double petunias - Sir Hercules Robinson, Lady Robinson, Carnosa elegans, Victoria, and other unnamed varieties of seedlings ; also a collection of verbenas, double zinnias, double marigolds, geraniums, and Lagoretr.-min, indies also. Mr. Henderson, nurseryman : Tydea gigantea, T. tri- colour, T. beauty, T. Princess Charlotte. Dahlias : Prime dix Williams, Lady Elcho, warrior, T. W. Smart, June, primrose perfection, "Madge Wildfire, goldfinder, Lord Palmerston, golden reign, Duchess of Wellington, Empress of Russia, coronet, grandmaster, Pompon ditto Little Mary, que. n of this, little- gem, Dr. Webb, ma' wee pet, child of faith, lilium liinrifoiium roses album, punctatum"rutnim, azaleas-murvel, Count de Nassau, durante plumosus, gardenia fortunes, paEsille<r.i racemosa, escalators motor chassis, Erythrina Blake in, bignonia grandiflora, orotava arborea ; also 24 varieties of gloxinias. Mr. M'GUI, Surry Hills; A collection of newly imported dahlias, Queen of Beauties, Hon. Mrs. G. Wellesley, Paradox Williams, Princess Helena, Flower of the spring, Rosetta, Madame Louise Seydoux, Gloire do Duchess, Elie Morel, Emilio Duke, Madame Florence Journeaux, Princess Mary of Cambridge, lilliput varieties newly imported little cordula,' little daisy, time door, while SFtei', little Julius, little Virginie, little Emma, little love little hroball, little Tommy ; including a valuable collection of cut flowers. Also, twenty-five varieties of newly imported double pelargoniums. Mr. GnoUnenejugh, gardener to Captain Johnson, R.N. : Stigmaphyllon seriatum, Alamanela portfolio, Phlox species. double tuberose, Noriuni album, Melastoma mule breathing, durante plumosus, azaleas, a collection of leading kinds of f use him and dahlias, verbenas, and neat grown pot plants of Coitus Wightii, C. Prince Leopold. Mr. Piper, gardener to Hon. H. Moore, M.L.C. ; Pot plants of Tyler versus, Acalypha tricolor, Piperoma oratoria and cut flowers of a collection of five double sin. nias, verbenas, herbaceous phloxes, and marvel of Peru, Mr. W. Bomngon, gardener to Mr. Joseph Thompson ; Specimens of Lilium lignum flora plena, L. rubraui, L. rueouiu ; also specimens of Phascolos earnestly, considered the most ornamental species of Phascolos known and an excellent collection of double flowering balsams. Mr. WiiolT, gardener to Mr. H, Prince: Double buff Hibiscus, Buddle-a Lindlcyana, Gardenia Thunbergia, Solanum capsieastrum, Tamarix Gallica, Lilium French folium rescue. L. lancifolium_ album. Pelargoniums : Madame Lemoine, Marie Lomoino, Gloire do Nancy. A bunch of the fruit of the wild pine-apple, Bromellia style veal ria. A sample of apples; the tree producing them never takes the blight and a specimen of Tanghinia, or the ordeal tree of Madagascar. Mr. T. W. Craven, amateur, exhibited a fine pot plant of gloxinia hybrids. Mr. C. W. Booty, amateur-, exhibited a good collection of camellia flowered balsams. Mr. Johnston, gardener to Mr. A. H. C. Macafee, exhibited a splendid specimen of Lilium longifolia specie semi, having on it about forty fully expanded blooms. ] Mr. Graham, nurseryman : Erythrina cristo grill, Tecoma volution, Coleus, Aohyranfhus area reticulated, Wisteria Sinensis, W. Sinensis Alba, Magnolia purpurea, Lilium lanceolata, EBCiillonia mortevldeniiis, Delphinium formosum, Bouvardia Jaoquinii, Hibiscus (lora plena, Cobon scanelenB: collection of dahlias, consisting of La Dcflli, Now Duchess, Navy, Imperial, Juno, Titian, lolly- pop, Lord Palmerston, La Bella Blonde, Cossack, and others ; also, a fine specimen plant of Lilium lanceolata punctatus, having sixty expanded flowers. Respecting the Allamandus, which were very choice, Mr. Graham read the following : AI.I.AMAMJANOHILIS.-This is undoubtedly one of the finest known species of certainly one of the most ornamental genera of these climbing plants. It has the trailing habit common to most of the species in cultivation, and bears large elliptic oblong acuminate leaves, which are soft to the touch from being covered with soft hairs; the flowers are much larger in size than those of A. Schuttii, being fully five inches in diameter, and of a purer full bright yellow, rather deeper in the throat, but without any stain or mark- ing, and down, on the outer surface. They are much superior in form to these of any other species, having the fognients broader and more Imbricated, so that the limb acquires a full circular outline, which is rendered the more evident from its standing well forward, and not falling back as so commonly happens in A. Pohottii. The- plant has been introduced from the Rio Branco, in Brazil, to England, in 1867, and into this colony in 1870, and will be a grand acquisition for exhibition purposes. During the autumn months the flowers, when fully expanded, lost in perfection for a period of fourteen days. AI.IAMA.MIA HENHBRSOSII.-This remarkably fine variety has been exhibited by Mr. Morton, of the Dobroyd nurseries, and has proved itself one of the very best of recent introductions ; it is a native of Guiana, and was introduced into England in 1860, and into this colony in 1868 ; it in the largest flowered orange yellow Allamanda known, lobes finely formed, immensely thick and wax- like, and tinged with brown on the reverse side. The plant began to flower about a month ago : but when once it commences, it possesses the excellent characteristic of being continuous flowering, thus the blooming time in prolonged throughout the autumn and winter. The habit is good, with beautiful dark green glossy foliage. At LAMANTiA WAUDLKYANA.-This is another very beautiful variety of recent introduction, and differs in many I respects from all the others, by being of a more dwarf habit, and may be trained as a shrub or trailer ; it bsB the very excellent quality of being a free bloomer, and flowers abundantly in a very young state. The flowers are not so large as those of A. Henderson or A. nobile, but are equal i in shape and substance ; the flowers remain good on the plant for a long time. The- foliage is also very handsome, being of a short ovate shape, and of a bright green. I believe this class of plants will become general favourites, and may be classed among the half-hardy class. PAPER. Mr. Wood' read the following paper :-. AI'OCYXALEA', OF THE DOG HAKE FAMILY. This order comprises some of our most noble flowering plants, such as the Allamandas,Mandevillea. Rhynohospor mum, Echltes, Diplandenias, Geleemium, Ronpelliiis, Tabormemontana, Nerium, Vines, do. A few are used medicinally, others yield edible fruits, and one affords a very agreeable and nutritious milk, viz., the Cow-tree of Demerara (Tabernit-montana miles). There are several such plants which yield this milk, and which are amongst the most curious of the vegetable tribes. The Cow-tree of the Cordilleras is perhaps the most famous, the following of which I copy from Chambers' Encyclopedia,-" The Palo De Gama (or Cow-tree of the Cordilleras) This tree grows in rocky situations, at an elevation in equatorial regions of about 3000 feet. It is a lofty tree, with laurel-like leaves, 10 to 16 inches long, and very small flowers. For several months in the year not a shower moistens its foliage, and its branches appear dead ; but as soon as its trunk is pierced there flows from it a copious stream of sweet and nourishing milk. The milk flows most freely at sunrise. The natives are then to be seen hastening from all quarters with bowls to receive it. The milk has an agreeable odour, and a placidity which does not belong to the milk of animals; it becomes yellow in a short time, and which gradually thickens into a cheesy consistency, and is much used by the negroes and Indians, but differs very materially in its com- position from the milk of animals" more than one half being wax and fibrin ; a little sugar, a salt of magnesia, and water, making up the rest." Like many of the Euphor bacca-', several of the plants in this order are dangerous and fatal poisons, in fact the greater part of them must be looked upon with suspicion in this respect. One or two of which I will presently mention. One very peculiar, and at the same time, very characteristic feature in this order, is the five contorted or twisted petals, just before the flower opens, which has been compared to the rays of a Catherine wheel, but the contraction in the middle of the stigma is said to be the most peculiar and distinguishing feature whereby this order may be recognised. Balfour, in 1863, puts the number of genera at 110 and species 602. Taborneemontana dichotomo, a native of Ceylon, has received the name of " the forbidden fruit" because it appears although piece was bit out of it, and the legend goes that it was good before Eve ate it, but has been poisonous ever since. The common oleander is, we are told, far more poisonous than is generally supposed. We all know that what rapacious gardea-'planderer -omnivorous brute the goat will not eat this plant, and we also know that neither birds, nor bees are allured by its flowers. It has been said that honey has been rendered poisonous through a part of it being gathered from the oleander, but this has always been met with contradiction, for no one ever saw the bee rest on the flowers of this i plant.' Balfour states that fatal cases have occurred to children through eating them, and Lindley records that some French troops while in Madrid, in 1809, made some showers from the oleander-on which they roasted some meat, which proved most fatal and alarming. Seven out of twelve who ate the meat, so roasted, died almost immediately, and the other five lay dangerously ill for several days. Even its exhalations as stated in " Chambers' Encyclo- pedia are injurious to those who remain long under a sequence, and particularly to those who sleep beneath its branches. How many cases of sickness might be traced to this if we did but know. It is hard to say, but I consider that this ought to act as a caution to. those who have got it growing near their dwellings and especially their sleeping apartments. As an ornamental flowering shrub or tree, it has few rivals, especially when grown in a rich moist soil, or by the edges of ponds or water streams and v, one of the very first plants to arrest the attention of new arrivals in this country, for in England., cheeriest was of five or six short s, and, - as many feet in length, with a few liar flew 1 ope el flowers, is considered good Only for a moment fancy it being stated for the information of the good old English, Irish, or Scottish g gardener that young the ore, 8 inches long placed around a pot in Im river sand, and a bell gluts plaCed over them and then set in a close frame, when gentle bottom heat will readily root, which must then posted oh, and care fully returned to a warm, frame, we, eve The met poisonous pi mr however in this order-if not in the world-is the haulm i, or the Ordeal tree of Madagascar One seed, the end of an a mond, is said to be sufficent to kill twenty men Of this ino Loudon remarks as follows -"When the late Queen of Madagascar, in the beginning of 1839, came to the resolution of clearing his land from sorcerers, an order al was commanded in every town and village, and at fatten onanwoo scarcely any el Isa of inhabitants escaped. On. the [4th of May, BuG, in compliance with the Sovereign's mandate, a notable (ministration of (not brimstone and treacle, presided over by Mrs Squeers but Taughm look place. The accused persons amounted to about thirty, including some of the highest All the nobility (as a matter of course) recovered, while the unknown ploboinnB (poor wretches), who, according to the common mystery had been coupled with them, died The former made the usual triumphant entry into town- borne in open palanquins among the shouting, dancing, and games of many thousands of people. The Taughm is administered in private s well as in public. A subject EC deeply rooted in the minds of all the M ilcgoísy people, from the sovereign down to the slave is the belief in Witelier iff, and sublimity are they led by this belief that the whole nation may be considered as under a spell IS powerful us the tunclimtiuii which they attribute to the unfortunate sorcerer thoiiiEolvcs " Dr. Livingstone tells us that in Africa, when a man suspects that when an of his wives has bewitched him, he sends- for a witch doctor, and all the wm s have to go into the field and remain lasting till the doctor has made in infusion of a plant called .' gave ' Tracy all drink it, each holding up her hands to heaven in attestation of her innocency. Theo who vomit are considered innocent, while those whom it purge-, or guilty, and are put to death by burning. The innocent ones in turn to their houses, and slaughter a cock as a thanksgiving to their guiding pints. This "gold" is, I have no doubt, the ordeal bean of Africa, through which, it may be reunion breed, several fatal cases of poisoning occurred to children who had eaten these beans, which had been carelessly thrown about in discharging a ship from Africa. A more terrible ordeal, as practised by some of the African negroes, is to pour the poison down the throat of a dog, and (Edge of the innocence or guilt of the accused person by the fleets of the poison on the animal. During the reign of Edward the Confessor the practice of ordeal was equally absurd and cruel in England, Such is walking barefoot on Ted hot ploughshares, dipping the hand up to the elbow in boiling water, c, and those that were burnt or scalded were considered guilty, but if not, innocent. Courecrated broad and cheese was also a mode of ordeal , if the accused swallowed it freely, and without any effort to swallow, he was innocent, but if it stuck in his throat, he was guilty. Gi Elwin, Earl of Kent it is Saw was thus choked while bemgaccusedfer the murder of the King's brother. However these are things of the past, or belonging, us the saying is, to the dark ages, I will therefore leave them and turn to notice a few of the noble flowering plants that I mentioned at the commencement of this paper, and first The EchiteBiBu well known genera of great beauty and worthy of far more cultivation than at present, this genera has been separated into several, such is Panonia of R Br Aganopma, G. Don, Choneoiorpha, Humadictyon, Dipla den is, it. all of which are highly worthy of our nursery- men bringing more into notice Taborncnmontana corn- naria flora plea and T. Grandiflora are also well worthy of being better known, not only for the sake of its long name, but for its flowers, foliage, and sweet perfume, which is not unlike some of the Gardenias But the grandest of all is perhaps (he Allamandas, md with those our nurserymen have done wonders during the last twelve months or so, for until recently we had but one or two, viz -A new folio, ind A. behotlii, but these have been augmented by A, Henderson, A. Robins, A. Wirdleyana, and A I violences, &c.;, these, although very similar in appearance and colour of their flowers-, being of a bright orange or sulphur colour (except violets, which is said to be of a uno violet purple colour, but this I have not as yet seen), yet they are so noble that all must admire them, and I have no hcB station in stating at our next exhibition, which is to be held this day three weeks, that A nobiliB and A. Hondcrbunii will be of all the 1 mired "the most " [I might also mention that there will be exhibited tim or or three plants in flower of that famous dove flower, or Holy Ghost plant's Panama (Pcnsteria chute), where the people fall down and worship it. And if hundreds of sydney people went to see one plant in flower at the Messrs. BapiiBl's nursery last year, as I have been told they did, how many thousands might we expect to come and see three plants in flower at our next exhibition ] All ' collections of hot-house pi into without these Allauiandas, nmet naturally be deficient, and I think I may say, without fear of contradiction, that they are all of the very easiest culture, being perfectly free from insets, of free growth, and easily propagated from cuttings, are. the only thing against their becoming popular garden plants is, I am afraid, that they won't stand our winters in the open borders, It is stated that these Allamandas flower more freely if allowed to grow their own free course-that is not to tie them until they show for (lower, They are also what are termed " green feed is," and no, therefore, much benefited, especially after their pots become filled with roots, by having liberal applications of liquid manure. After flower- ing, they require a season of rest, and must be kept moderately dix and so soon as they show signs of growth in the spring they ought to be carefully pruned back, and most if not all the toil shook from the roots, which must also be reduced and reported in smaller sized pots and if they can be plunged in a gentle bottom boat, in a close little poky frame <>. pit, with a snug warm atmosphere of about 90 degrees, they will soon begin to make rapid growth Pinch off the ends of the shoots to soon as they have made two or three joints, so as to induce a bushy habit, but this ought not to be persevered in too much, of late in the won, for it would probably prevent their flowering On the motion of Mr. GRAHAM, seconded by Mr Bob i I, a vote of thanks was given to Mr. Wootflur his paper. Snow. The CHAIRMAN intimated that the society's exhibition would be held on the 28th and 29th instant, in the Botanical Gardens, and he expressed a hope that there would be a fine display and good competition. He mentioned that he would endeavour to prepare by the next meeting a paper on insect life with regard to the Richard. He denied that the St. Thomas variety of orange was the same as the common orange as had been stated by a writer in the Mail He had himself imported the St. Thomas orange from the island of that name, and it was much superior to the ordinary orange. The announcement of a new member having been made, the meeting term and. 