LITERATURE._ Review. HISTORY OF ENGLISH LITERATURE. By H. A. Taine. Trau slated by H. Von Laim : vol. I. Mß. TAINE IS a remarkable thinker, and has already made a name for himself in literature. His books, now becoming familiar to men of all grades of intellect, are highly prized by the thoughtful few who regard books as sources of instruction rather than of amusement. He considers books as representative not merely ot' their authors but of the age in which they were written. The minds of their writers were formed by the culture, the passions, the man nor and customs, the events, and the civilization of the time in which such books were written, and hence literature is essentially representa tive, and viewed from this point, appears to be a branch of psychological science. It is in this light that Mr. Taine regards it, and it is under the influence of this view that his critical appraisement of the value of English books is conceived and written. We think he carries this notion sometimes too far, more especially in those parts of his work wherein he restricts the representativeness of the literature of certain periods to those periods. The following picture of tho times of Queen Elizabeth, in which times, according to Mr. Taine, Paganism was revived, will serve as an illustration in this respect :— It was Paganism which reigned in Elizabeth's court, not only in letters, but in doctrine, a Paganism of the north always serious, generally sombre, but which rested, like that of the south, on natural forces. From some, all Christianity was effaced ; many proceeded to atheism from tho excess of revulsion and debauchery, like Marlowe and Greene. With others, like Shakespeare, the idea of God scarcely makes its appearance; they see in our poor short human life only a dream, and beyond it the long sad sleep ; for them, death is the goal of life ; at most a dark gulf, into which man plunges, uncertain of tho issue. If they carry their gaze beyond, they perceive, not the soul welcomed into a purer world, but the corpse abandoned to the damp earth or the ghost hovering about tho church-yard. They speak like sceptics or superstitious men, never as genuine believers. Their heroes have human, not religious virtues; against crime they rely on honour and the love for the beautiful, not on piety and the fear of God. If others, few and far, like Sidney and Spencer, catch a glimpse of this god, it is as a vague ideal light, a sublime Platonic phantom, which has no resemblance to a personal God, a strict inqui sitor of the slightest motions of the heart. He appears at the summit of things, like the splendid crown of the world, but he does not weigh upon human life; he leaves it intact and free, only turning it toward the beautiful. They do not know as yet the sort of narrow prison in which official cant and respectable creeds were, later on, to confine action and intelligence. Even the believers, sincere Christians, like Bacon and Browne, discard all oppressive sternness, reduce Christianity to a sort of moral poetry, and allow naturalism to subsist beneath religion. In such a broad and open channel, speculation could spread its wings. With Lord Her- bert appeared a systematic deism ; with Milton and Algernon Sidney, a philosophical religion ; Clarendon went so far as to compare Lord Falkland's gardens to the groves of Academe Against the rigourism of the Puritans, Chillingworth, Hales, Hooker, the greatest doctors of the English Church, gave a large place to natural reason—so large, that never, even to this day, has it made such an advance. If a literature pervaded, and imbued by the sentiments and ideas which Mr, Taine attri butes to Elizabethan literature, be indeed a representative literature, its representativeness is not confined to the age of Elizabeth, but extends to all time, and more to the time in which we live than to the period to which Mr Taine refers it. Few men acquainted with the writings of the leading scientific thinkers of the age will have failed to perceive that the idea of a God considered as a personal agent distinct in attributes and essence from the forces of the universe, scarcely ever makes its appearance in scientific works. The latter deal with secondary causes, and with those only. Of course there are exceptions now, and so there were in the time of Elizabeth ; but these exceptions serve to provc the reality of the fact from which they differ. Nor are we one iota superior to the men of Elizabeth's time, with respect to our views of death and the after life. Very few think of these matters at all, and, of those who do, how few know anything definite or certain about them. Our life is a perpetual death, and we all know that very soon we must die finally, and most men believe that after death they will exist as thinking conscious men in some other state of being, yet, perhaps, not one in a hundred ever feels desirous of finding out the charac teristics of that state of existence towards which we are speeding as fast as time can carry us. We may just as truly say of the men of this age, as Mr. Taine does of the writers of Elizabeth's day, that when they speak on ques tions of this nature, they either speak like sceptics, or like superstitious men. We differ superficially from the men of Elizabeth's day, and even from the men of earlier ages, but resem ble them in all the substantial elements of our common nature. We think Bacon's thoughts, we are inspired by the same sort of passions that were influential in moving men to action in his day, and Shakespeare's maxims and sayings still hold potent sway over us. Indeed, Shakespeare's fame rests chiefly on the fact that his writings represent human nature in general, and not human nature as it existed in any particular period. We think Mr. Taine indulges in much questionable criticism on the merits of certain works, and is led by tho principle already stated into much hypercriticism, on thc morality of certain writers. This tendency to hyper-criti cism is specially evident in his estimate of Shakespeare's moral character. Speaking of Shakspeare, he says :— A nature, poetical, immoral, inspired, superior to reason by the sudden revelations of his seer's madness, the most creative that ever engaged in the exact copy of the details of actual existence, in the dazzling caprice of fancy, in the pro found complications of superhuman passions. Of Shakespeare all come from within—I mean from his soul and his genius ; external circumstances contributed but slightly to its development. He was intimately bound up with his age; that is, he knew by experience the manners of country, court, and town ; he had visited tho heights, depths, the middle regions of the condition of mankind; nothing more. For the rest, his life was common place ; the irregu larities troubles, passions, succesises through which he passed, were, on the whole, such as we meet with every- where else. His father, a glover and wool stapler, in very easy circumstances, having married a sort of a country heiress, had become high-bailiff and chief alderman in his little town ; but when Shakespeare reached the age of fourteen he was on the verge of ruin, mortgaging his wife's property, obliged to resign his municipal offices, and to remove his son from school to assist him in his business. The young fellow applied himself to it as well as he could, not without some scrapes and escapades : if we are to believe tradition, he was one of the thirsty souls of the place, with a mind to support tho reputation of his little town in its drinking powers. Once, they say, having been beaten at Bideford in one of those ale-bouts, he returned staggering from the fight, or rather could not return, and passed tho night with his com rades under an apple-tree by tho road side. Without doubt he had already begun to write verses, to rove about like a genuine poet, "taking part in the noisy rustic feasts, the gay pastoral plays, the rich and bold outbreak of Pagan and poetical life, as it was then to be found in an English village. At all events he was not a pattern of propriety, and his pas sions were as precocious as they were reckless. While not yet nineteen years old, he married tho daughter of a sub stantial yeoman, about eight years older than himself— and not too soon, as she was about to become a mother. Other of his outbreaks were not more fortunate. It seems that he was fond of poaching, after the manner of the time, being "much given to all unluckiness in stealing venison and rabbits," says the rev. Richard Davies; " particularly from Sir Lucy, who had him oft whipt and sometimes imprisoned, and at last made him fly the country; . . . but his revenge was so great, that he is his Justice Clodpate." More over, about this time, Shakespeare's father was in prison, his affairs were desperate, and he himself had three children, following one close upon the other; he must live, and life was hardly possible for him in his native town, lie wont to London, and took to tho stage: took the lowest parts, was a " servant " in tho theatre, that is, an apprentice, or perhaps, a supernumerary. They even said ho had beguu still lower, and that to earn his bread ile had hold gentlemen's horses nt the door of tho theatre. ' At ail events lie tasted misery, and felt, not in imagination but in fact, the sharp thorn of care, humiliation, disgust, forced labour, public discredit, tho power of the people. He was a comedian, one of ' His Majesty's poor players"-a sad trade, degraded in all ages by the contrasts and the falsehoods inseparable from it; still moro degraded then by thc brutalities of thc crowd, who not seldom would stone tho actors, and by tho severities of tho magistrates, who would sometimes condemn them to lose their ears. He felt it, and spoke of it with bitterness. Our author instances the character of Fal staff as an illustration of Shakespeare's moral deficiencies. Because Shakespeare drew that character, therefore he was immoral. This is substantially the argument which Mr. Taine advances. Might we not as well say that Mr. Taine must be as bad as the estimate he gives of Falstaff, because he can understand and appreciate the character which Shakespeare drew. And on the same principle ought we not to regard every novelist who depicts a villain as partaking of the character of the villain depicted. Mr. Taine evidently carries his hyper-criticism too far with respect to Shakespeare, and indeed if we were to concede to him his canon of criticism, we should be obliged to denounce as immoral everyman who possesses ability to depict either on the canvas of the artist, or in pen and ink, the numerous villains, rogues, and impostors who abound in the world. Our author is particularly severe upon Falstaff. He tells us that : Falstaff has tho passions of an animal, and the imagination of a man of wit. There is no character which better exempli fies the dash and immorality of Shakespeare. Falstaff is a great supporter of disreputable places, swearer, gamester, brawler, wine-bag, as low as he well can be. He has a big belly, bloodshed eyes, bloated face, shaking leg ; he spends his life huddled up among the tavern-jugs, or asleep on tho ground behind the arras ; he only wakes to curse, lie, brag, and steal. He is as big a swindler as Panurge, who had sixty-three ways of making money, "of which tho honestest was by sly theft." And what is worse, he is an old man, a knight, a courtier, and well- bred. Must he not be odious and repulsive? by no means ; you cannot help liking him. At bottom, like his brother Panurge, he is " the best fellow in the world." He has no malice in his composition ; no other wish than to laugh and be amused. When insulted, he bawls out louder than his attackers, and pays them back with interest in coarse words and insults ; but he owes them no grudge for it. The next minute he is sitting down with them in a tavern, drinking their health like a brother and comrade. If he has vices, he exposes them so frankly that we are obliged to forgive him them, He seems to say to us : " Well, so I am, what then ? I like drinking : isn't the wine good? I take to my heels when hard hitting begins ; isn't fighting a nuisance? I get into debt, and do fools out of their money: isn't it nice to have money in your pocket? I brag : isn't it natural to want to be well thought of?'—"Dost thou hear. Hal? thou knowest in tho state of innocency, Adam fell; and what should poor Jack Falstaff do in the days of villany? Thou seest I have more flesh than another man,and therefore more frailty." Falstaff is so frankly immoral that he ceases to be so. Conscience ends at a certain point ; nature assumes its place, and the man rushes upon what he desires, without more thought of being just or unjust than an animal in the neighbouring wood. Falstaff, engaged in recruiting, has sold exemptions to all tho rich people, and only enrolled starved and half-naked wretches, There's but a shirt and a half in all his company : that does not trouble him. Bah ! ' they'll find linen enough on every hedge." The prince, who has seen them pass muster, says, 'I did never see such pitiful rascals." "Tut, tut," answers Falstaff, "good enough to toss; food for powder: they'll fill a pit as well as better ; tush, man, mortal men, mortal men." His second excuse is his unfailing spirit. If ever there was a mun who could talk, it was he. Insults and oaths, curses, jobations, protests, flowed from him as from an open barrel. He is never at a loss : he devises a shift for every difficulty. Lies sprout out of him, fructify, increase, beget one another, like mushrooms on a rich and rotten bed of earth. He lies still more from his imagination and nature than from interest and necessity. It is evident from the manner in which he strains his fictions. He says he has fought alone against two men. The next moment it is four. Presently we have seven, then eleven, then fourteen, He is stopped in time, or he would soon he talking of a whole army. When unmasked, he does not lose his temper, and is tho first to laugh at his boastings. "Gallants, lads, boys, hearts of gold. . . . What, shall we be merry ? Shall we have a play extempore?" He does the scolding part of King Henry with so much truth that one might take him for a king, or an actor. This big pot-bellied fellow, a coward, a jester, a brawler, a drunkard, a lewd rascal,a pot-house poet, is one of Shakespeare's favourites. The reason is, that his manners are those of pure nature, and Shakespeare's mind is congenial with his own. This one character is dwelt on at great length, but the purpose of the writer is trans parent. Falstaff is Shakespeare transcribed, as a musician would say, or Shakespeare with variations. In the same spirit the author's conclusion of the sketch is conceived and written. What a soul ! what extent of action, and what sovereignty of an unique faculty! what, diverse creations, and what per sistence of the same impress! There they all are reunited, and all marked by tho same sign, void of will and reason, governed by mood, imagination, or pure passion, destitute of tho faculties contrary to those of thc poet, dominated by tho corporeal type which his painter's eyes have conceived, endowed by tho habits of mind and by tho vehement sensibi lity which he finds in himself. Go through the groups, and drama reproduces promiscuously ugliness, baseness, horrors, unclean details, profligate and ferocious manners,the whole reality of life just as it ls, when it is unrestrained by decorum comnum sense, reason, and duty. Comedy led through a phantasmagoria of pictures, gets lost in the likely and the unlikely, with no other check but tho caprice of an amused imagination, wantonly disjointed, and romantic, an opera without music, a concerto of melancholy and tender senti ments, which bear tho mind into the supernatural world and brings before our eyes on its fairy-wings the genius which has created it. Look now. Do you not see the poet behind the crowd or his creations ? They have heralded its approach; they have all shown somewhat of him. Ready, impetuous, impassioned, delicate, his genius is pure imagination, touched more vividly, and by slighter things than ou style, blooming with exuberant images, loaded with exagge rated metaphors, whose strangeness is like incoherence, whose wealth is superabundant, the work of a mind, which at the illusion. Hence our emotion and tenderness. We say to him, as Desdemona to Othello: "I love thee for the battles sieges, fortunes thou hast passed, and for the distressful stroke that, thy youth suffered." We do "see the poet behind the crowd of his creations," but not in the light in which Mr. Taine beholds him. We behold him as a dramatic magician conjuring up before our mind's eye the weakness, the imbecility the infirmities, and wickednesses of the world in which he lived, and which is substantially the same sort of world in which we find ourselves In a short notice like this we can but merely glance at tho leading peculiarities of our author's work. His estimate of many other great men must be omitted for want of space We must however hear what he says respect ing one who, next to Shakespeare, and superior to him in some points, is one of the greatest ornaments of our literature :— John Milton was not one of those fevered souls void of self-command, whose rapture takes them by fits whom a sickly sensibility drives for ever to tho extreme ot' sorrow or joy, whose pliability prepares them to produce a variety of characters, whose inquietude condemns them to paint the insanity and contradictions of passion. Vast knowledge close logic, and grand passion ; those were his marks. His mind was lucid; his imagination limited. Ile wis incapable of disturbed emotion or of transformation. Ho conceived the loftiest of the ideal beauties, but ho convoived only one He was not born for the drama, but for tho ode. He does not create souls, but constructs arguments ¡uid experiences éme ttons. Emotions and arguments, all the forces and actions of his soul, assemble and are arranged beneath a unique senti ment, that of the sublime; and tho broad river of lyrec poetry streams from him, impetuous, with even flow, splen did as a cloth of gold. This dominant sense constituted the greatness and tho firmness of his character. Against external 'fluctuations he found a refuge in himself, and the ideal city which he had built in his soul endured, impregnable to all assaults. It was too beautiful, this inner city, for him to wish to leave it; it was too solid to be destroyed. He behoved in tho sublime with the whole force of his nature, and tho whole authority of his logic, and with him the cultivated reason strengthened by its tests the suggestions of tho primitive instinct. With this double armour man can advance firmly through life, He who is always feeding himself with demonstrations is capable of believing, willing, persevering in belief and will; he does not turn aside to every event and every passion, as that fickle and pliable being whom we call a poet; he remains at rest in fixed principles! He is capable of embracing a cause, and of continuing attached to it, whatever may happen, spite of all, to tho end. No seduction, no emotion, no accident, no change, alters the stability of his conviction, or the lucidity of his knowledge. On the first day, on the last day, during tho whole time, he preserves intact the entire system of his clear ideas, and the logical vigour of his brain sustains the manly vigour of his heart. When at length, as here, this close logic is employed in the service of noble ideas, enthusiasm is added to constancy. Man holds his opinions not only as true, but as sacred. He fights for them, not only as a soldier, but as a priest. He is impassioned, devoted, religious, heroic. Barely is such a mixture seen; but it was clearly seen in Milton. There may be some truth, hut there certainly is a deal of questionable speculation in what our author says respecting Milton's domestic troubles. We do not qtiestiou his facts, but we object to some of his views respecting them. All women are not like Milton's firafc wife, nor yet like his daughters. There are many noble-minded women in the world who, cceteris paribns, would be proud to he the wife of such a man as John Milton, Milton's spouse was a woman of a peculiar stamp, and her domestic misdoings does not furnish a suffi cient basis for philosophical speculation on tte character of women in general. Scores of cases might be adduced in which women united to intellectual husbands have heen household goddesses, have been regarded os such by their husbands, and have keenly en joyed and appreciated their husbands' intellec tual achievements. Our author saya : On h's return to England, Milton fell back among lils boote, and received a few pupils, from whom he exacted, ns iron himself, continuous toil, serious reading, a frugal behaviour; the lifo of a recluse, almost ot a monk, DUO denlv, in a month, after a country visit, ho married^ £ T" weeks niter wards his wifo returned to her fathers Mn«, would not return, took no notice of his letters, mid sent MC* his messenger with scorn. The two characters had como rara collision. Nothing displeases women more than nil nose" ami K'!f-conta;nc,r character. They see that tlievJiase hold upon it; its dignity awes them, its pride repels, uaw occupations keep them aloof; they feel thcmsehçs o w*> value, neglected for general interests or speculative cur.osmi> judged, moreover, mid that after un inflexible rule ; nt mo regarded with condescension, ns a sort ol less rff0ÄS inferior being, shut out from tho equality ^ K for, and the love which alone can recompense to.u«-T «. the loss of equality. The "priest" character ls niadc_for sou ludo; the tact, abandon, charin, pleasantness,and ^"j^ necessary to nil companionship, ís,V'l,"t','"f.;í Tifc, wo him, but. we go no further, cspoe'ally >f, I*? M.'" J. 0f are somewhat duli and commonplace, «'^'"^Ärf » bb intellect to the repugnance of our hearts. JJ^T"!.Uy 0f biographers say, a certain gravity ornature, or sn erm mind which would condescend to petty things, but kept in the clouds, in a region which is not that of the household. He was accused of being harsh, choleric; and certainly stood upon his manly dignity, his authority as a husband , and was not so greatly esteemed, respected, studied as he thought he deserved to be. In short he passed the day among his books, and the rest of tho time his heart lived in an abstracted and sublime world of which few wives catch a glimpse, his wife least of all. He had in fact, chosen like a student, the more at random because his former life had been of "a well-governed and wise appetite." Equally live a man of the closet, he resented her flight, being tho more irritated because the world's ways were unknown to him-,. Without dread of ridicule, and with tho sternness of a speculative man suddenly in collision with actual life, he wrote treatises on divorce signed them with his name, dedicated them to Parliament, held himself divorced, defamo because TSg$ctnro ftr it! return, th jure because he find four textsoi^i1 Jddeniy see whereupon ho paid court to a young mi . "na .y¿ift "n her lincea; and weoping, forgave lier, took lie: W. .,Mia- tlioflryaHiI sad-marriage-lio, not proUtting bi W0*'* T- but on the ótiicr hand fated to contract two othei tho last witli n wife thirty yaws younger tiian bini nillir narcs of his domestic life was neither bettor man e\nrtaPiW- WT1 fcaken I}»?''««hters Por secretaries, ami '^Ltl5mre.i(llanffuages which they did not unacrstand B «iKask of which they bitterly complained. In return frtZi«! them of being "undutiful and unkind,- ol 11 Kr him. not oaring whither they left him alone, ol * np iritli tho servants to rob him ni their purchases, of ÏÏEi>book5, so that they would have di.spr.sed of tho lf31 of them. Mary, tho second, hearing one day that ho rfnff to bo miu-ricd, said tnat ins marriage was no nows ; Äncws would bo his death. An Incredible speech, mid 1 , ffhich throws a strange light on tho miseries of this fiiailj". Neither circumstances nor nature bad created him (orl'i.í>PinC5S- ", , . These extracts will servo to show the nature of Mr. Taine's book. His style is lively, often sparkling» and never dull. His history is more ia the nature of a philosophical disquisition OB English literature than a dry treatise on gncliali Bibliography. Iiis psychological spo cuLuions often lack breadth and completeness. He is too apt to draw general inferences from special cases. In perusing his -work, the reader ought, therefore, to be on his guard against receiving an undue bias, for Mr. Taine writes ffiti such freedom and vigour, and in such an ftniwated and piquant maimer, as to sometimes make the worse appear the better reason. But, Botrntlistandiug these trifling blemishes, his »dr is ainost interesting and acceptable addi tion to our literature. j 