mjt Sirtmca iftovníng peíalo» TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1872. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, In reply to questions put to Ministers, the follow nig information was elicited-that a temporary waiting place for pussengers had boen erected on the footway at the junction of the New tow n Road and Parramatta street without the authority of the Go xernmint, that tile road was laid out to its stipulated widih of 90 feet, and that the City Council were re stonsible for the alleged obstruction that the trustees of roads in the town of Richmond would re ceix e tbi amount paid to them for the repairs of such roads when the mono.) was voted by Parliament, that in exceptional cases mono) had been paid to the trustees of other roads, and that it was not usual to pa) monty to trustees of roads until a schedule had been submitted, and the money xotcd by the Legisla ture PUiüons -were presented bv Mr STRIKEN BROVVX in favour ol tho Petersham Churoh Land Bill, anti by Mr DiuvEit from ratepa)ers of Woollahra, m favour of the Old and New South Head Hoads Iransfer Bill, and by Mr ROHEHTSOV, from merchants mid others, in favour of a cheap s)stem of telegraph) On the motion of Mr PIDDINOTON, the House went into Committee of Suppl) The Supplementär) 1 stimntes for 1871, and pre nous )ears, were first proceeded with A vote for £13 10s Gd for gaols m the countr) districts was agreed to Hie vote for £12 000 for tho balance of the amount voted for public instruction under the Act 30 Vic , No 22, for the )cur 1807, a long discussion arose na to whether it ought not to have been placed on the. Ebiimatcs for the )ear 1872 Hie vote itself was not oljeiud to, but the objection was, thit it wai a sum required b) the Council of Education for the fulfil mint of certain obligations of that Council to the end 11 the )ear 1871, and that the Government had plated the sum on the 1 stimates wrongl), as the balance of an old xote windi had not been expended, and that H appeared that the Council of Education had exceeded iib powers in entering into obligations in anticipation of a vote of Parliament, and which the Government hail taken this irregular mode of giving effect to It was conceded that the xote might De taken for the servjM of the )ear 1872 but it was contended that it was au mfrn gement of the prix liegos of Parliament to expend mine) before it was authorised b) a x,ote ot tin. House, and that it would be condoning the irregu lant) if the House were to xots the amount m this form The vote was, ulumatel) earned b) 31 to H Hie sums of £1411s Cd for Industrial School fir Girls, Isevtcastle, and £0JS> 7s foi charitable allow ancis, were voted The next item of £0286 17s Od , in aid of the Civil Service Superannuation F und to «list December, 1871, was withdrawn. The following items were agreed to -£100, travel ling expenses of magistrates, £ll7f lus 2d, miscul laneous items in connection w itli tlie department of the Treasury , £26 13s Gd, for commission to land agents, it , £109 ICs Id for harbours and rivers navigation , public works and buildings, £2l2,ls 4*1, £6100 l8 lOd ^for roads and bridges, £8,10,103 7d for bteam, postal communication xvith Gi-eat Britain, being all supplementär) i otes for 1870 andpreums )tars I Upon the item of £15 for the dieference of saHrj of Captain Hopkins the Adjutant of Artiller), for 1871, between £¿00 the amount of salar) guarinteel b) the Iinperiul Goxernment, nnd C285, the amount voted 1$ Parliament, some dlbeussion arose, and i\Ir Dun BU moved the omission of the item, xvlnch motion was, nfgatixcd bj 22 to 2.0 The vote was negatived b) the casting -vote, of the Cha.rm.an, the number being 17 to 17 The following items were agreed to -£700 for police guard at Government House £)0 fir salaries eil acting (,&oltrs; , £u8 for tkc dirPrence of salary of tht Lxammer of Expenditure accounts , £60 5s 6el fur the sular) of Mr Ma) ne, Colonial Agent, from 1st to ¿2nd Ma), 1S71 Thi,-i4uvt item-£25 increase of salary of the C nr îtoi of the Museum fiom 1 ebruar) to LVieuib r 1ST 1- xvas oppobtd by Mr Dr vtr, and was ncgutiied I x 22 to 11 lhe Mite of £15 in nul of the Ullidulla Sthool^if \it xv s a^ic ii to b it th x no ol ~l lu 8s MIL til e 1^1 t 1 uile mi. lund nt the ^x vi castle btliôol i f Atti vu'-c i si li red lv Sr Txxn s MAI UN t ? iHtfulish. mi cAjcittw Ail pin njlt, ihat o' sui plfcminHng a s mi raised by balls and concerts Mr PAJUCES coincided in the objection, and said that he should like to take the BcnBC of the House on the principle Mr ¡STEWART moved the omission of the item The subject wa« discussed nt some length with reference to the que«, tu n whether Parliament ought to be asked to supple ment legitimate as well as spasmodic suppon thereby furnishing a criterion of the uscfulnt ss ot the lnstitu tii n Hie motion was n eg MIN ed by 21 to.11. The item was agreed to Hie item of £115 "Í9 ia, to supplement the Tot* of lb71 for the Biloelu Industrial ¡behool, wa» agreed to J he item of £1C00 in aid of the Sydney Infirmary IN as opprted bj Mr STRWARTXNIIO moved tNt the item be omitted Mr PAIIKF* after some discussion consented to withdraw the in m, it not being as he admitted placed in a correct form on the Estimâtes Upon the next item r f £475 10s öd , for miseel Inirtus strnees in connection with the Colonial ¡Stiiitarx s Department, Mr STFNN AHT objected to the item of £100 for the expenses of the Eclipse Expedi- tion and moved its omission,- but the motion wa» iifEatned lhe next item of £917 10a f jr District Courts was agited to Hie Chairman vi as then ordered to report pro gress Upon the motion of Mr TAUVEÍ,! , the House went into committee to consider the propriety of bringing n a bill to prevent the introduction or propagation of contagious or infectious diseases amongst lnc stock Liaxc was suhsequcntlj tuen Upon the motton of Mr STrwAitT, the li ruse went uto committee to consider the piopnety of bringing n a bill to amend the Stamp Duties Amendment Act of 1871, which he stated was intended togiveraagij trates a discretionary power ns to the infliction of pt unities for omission to give receipt stamp3 Leave was given accordmglj lhe House adjourned at tw entj minutes past 12 Wr direct attention to a letter from a medical coi respondent, Riving some important particu- lars in reference to the nature of a complaint by which a native of New Zealand is said to have been affected. The writer as ¡?urnes that the disease is the same as that which once prevailed among the aborigines of this colonj', and which is mentioned' by COLLINS in his work publir-hed in 1804. He records that in 1789 this disease, known by the natives as gal-gal- la, swept off thousands, impelling the rest to flee for safety into the interior. It is assumed from the name that lhe disease was previously known. Perhaps some persons skilled in the aboiiginal language could give the precise definition of these words. Terms employed by a primitive people almost alwajs express the nature of the thing denominated. Such is the case with most of the native names of mountains and waters, and such is the custom in reference to animals whose habits and motions are often expressed by the name they bear. The impoit therefore of the name may give some idea of the nature of the disease referred to by COLLINS. The cases ot small pox described in A ic tona FOem lo hi\e had all the virulence of the I tighsh tjpe A notion has prevailed among some medical men that such diseases wear themselves out, but this is bj no means the opinion of the majority, who assert that the character of the disease has not altered for the better, that it remains etntallj destruetne md equally contagious, and that it is as urulent in cold countries as in warm Indeed, nowhere was it more destructive than in Greenland, where it swept off a very large proportion of the inhabitants It spreads sometimes with frightful severity in warm countries, and e\en where there is no personal contact it has been come) ed b) clothing and ex en by letters A well known inhabitant of this city informs us that a relatu e took the disease in London Un his recoi erj, he sent a letter to his parents, «ho both became infected and died This sad e\ent proies, if it had been necessary, the importance of precaution, lest a message of affection should be turned into the ministry of death Such a fact shows how useless a quarantine unless the cordon restrains not merely intercourse, but correspondence, and that the presenation of those who are in the Mcinity of the disease depends upon the strict observance of rules which are merely alarming and burdensome unless they are made eflectual A little book, entitled " Till the Doctor Comes," recently published, states that in ten jears from 1856 to 18G6, 59,000 persons died of the small pox in Enghnd Hie disease during the last j ear was in «reit actiMt), and the hospitals «ere insufficient for the pitients It raged ia 1 ranee before and during the war, and every countrj seems to hate occasional!} a special i lMtation It is perhaps rather a benefit than otherwise to ex erj laige population to haxe its attention reused often, since the neglect of xaccnution follows a fako security, and this is punished b) a tremendous tribute It is on this account we ha\o repeated our notices of the disease Those notices we have already pi en haie led to greater attention to the sub- ject and, we are informed, an increase in the nte ofiaccination Persons who neglect this remed) probablj deniea degree of safet) bj the xijulantt of their more careful neighbours, as tht) diminish the ratio of person! Jikdy to receive and propigate the disease It is concenable that should .vaccination coi er nine tenths of the popula tion the instances would be rire of ft« small pox appearing at all This, howaver is but an unsafe as well as a selfish dependence. It is confiding in a kind of protection wiihout contributing to the common defence. At present, howover, we have not reached e«» that negree of exemption. Many are scattered through the colony *«» find it difficult to obtain vacciaation at the proper time. What requires thought ana labour is neglected by the ignorant and sellH, and thus children grow- up to an age vrhen freer intercourse with others may expose them to the disease. The English law prohibits iaoculatica We presume it is one of those statutes vthisli apply to the colonies- and is not merely o' municipal operation. The prohibition is baseo upon the principles of criminal, law, waic» makes those who aro culpably accessory to toe death of others subject to punishment. kk*\ j ears ago an apothecary was prosecuted at tM King's Bench, foi having exposed careksäiy' child suffering fiom the small-pox, w»1* paused the death of six persons, and for w_n1!l1 I the punishment of twelve months' impriso1' merit was inflicted. One month's imprisoning» is'the penalty assigned for inoculation, ^' over precaution may be* taken. But the Engb>a law has made an advance upon this statM and requiies that vaccination shall K p« foi meei» within four months of hirth, "»j correspondent suggests that the fees AUD« in this colony are insufficient, considering ' distance the ©peratonmust go. This is ona ihoce detailswell worth the notice of Go"* mint. There is no reason why medical »e should not be properly authorised and um uniunerated. On no subject is the spirit CAIN, expressed in the memorable «w* "Am I my brothers keeper" marked f ftronger retiibution than by contagio^ discates. Nowhere are the commonint"^ ofvmankind more bolemnly enforced, «"'j the effect of/indulging this spiiit ? ^»tctt? ^"äStTutipw-erty become the hotbed of j Ese. The opulent and gay may turn into another street and avert their eyes from he Sits spectacle. They may resent the fflouMCM of all who would throw a Sow on their sunlit exigence. They "av satisfy them.-e'ves with talking «f TvcraRes, and quiet their apprehensions hv misting in Die defences and resources which reduce the danger to an infinitesimal Zportiou. Tbi-y have strong walls, they H an abundant table, their friends are a I henny, and enjoy the conditions which ¡S ribute to health, and they thus pass [brough many a day ignorant of the diseases «bierTare brooding within perhaps a stone s throw of their dwellings. Hut at last the infection shapes its character and bursts its bound«. It makes its way first into the stable, then into the kitchen, then into the nursery, then into the counting hou«e ; and it is found hat those who have proudly held themselves aloof and indifferent have an afhuity which they never acknowledged with those they have despised. _ J,H luiitcr's acrountof the revenue recetifl) pubh hcd is more satisfactory than .my that it has been our dut) to analyse for some time pist Ihe gioss mcreise, as compired with the coricponding quartci of the preuous j ear, amounts to £192 e¡0<) while the decreases do not exceed £2J 7G0, leming i net increase on the quutcr of £16b C09-an increase which, if mamimned at the sume rate for the two remain- ing quarters of the )eai, will give i much 1 irger rcicnuc than was iiilcuhted upon, and which will uriles-s it be absorbed in additional expen diture mike a respectable hole in that deficit which, like the "\\\ undenng Jew, seems as if it never would die, md is for eier turning up in tanous shapes lo li uint all our financial stite lhe incieT-e i<\- distributed pre«) generally overall the sources of reienue, but the great hulk of it is of course secured from about half a dozen principal sources The lind revenue is the great contributor Stimulated probably bi the rise in the price of wool which has put unexpected funds in the pockets of many squatters, the quirter's receipt for land sales has very nearly touched £100 000, which is more than £50,000 better than last year 1 in and gold hu e also been pouring by anticipation a portion of their profits into the 'lreasury , so that, while in the second quirter of last year scared) £250 was paid for mineral leases, in the same i|uarlei of this year there has been a pay ment of nearly £30,000 The leases of auriferous lands, too, haie similarly increased, and the quarter's receipt has advanced norn £166 to oier £9000 lhere is also an ndvance on the bdances of conditional purchases, and on some other small items the general .csult being that the land reverue foi the quarter has increased o\er that if the-ame quarter in 1871 by £91427, that is to'ay, the land revenue alone accounts for consideribly moie thin half of the increase in the quaitei s lexcnue, and leaves only £71,000 to he accounted foi under other heads (Jut of this remaindei the Customs reienue accounts for £55,728 The Murray Rner Custom« which appears as an item under this peneral heading shows an increase of £6272 , but we must bear in mind that this is an ap parent ruthei than a real increase, for we bring to book the actual collections on the frontiei, and contrast them with the amount acci dentally brought to account last year as re cened during that particular quarter from the Goumment of \ letona What we hue col kcteti during the quarter has been £12,203 'What we used to receive from Victoria was £00,000 a )ear, oi at the rate of £15,000 a quarter, less lebatc Therefore we haie not actually collected an average quarters amount during the quartei and this is ow mg as ei er) one understands to the anticipation of trade, ind restraint of trade, caused by the restora lion of the Customs frontier. Whether an actual collection of duties would ultimately bring us more revenue than we h ive recen ed, is at present a moot point All we wish to point out in this connection is that it w ould be delusive to take the increase under this head as a bona fide improv ement in our re\ enue to that extent But leaving this out, there is still an increase under the other Iine3 of £49,156 Some of this increase is perhaps due to the arrival during the quarter of scierai large ies«els from London, but much of it is nlso from increased consumption I-toucating liquors have gn.cn an additional reienue of about £19,000, tea and coffee about £5o00 lhe new specific duties have given over £10 000, and the ad valorem duties have aUo improied to the e\lent of £10,000 In fact there seems clear evidence that the impioied condition of the colony has begun to tell fuiouubly on the Customs revenue, and it seem« reasonable to suppose that this improve ment will continue lhe gold ie\ernie has yielded £1162 dddi tiona! or £9411 for the quarter Ihis is at the rate of oier £30,000 for the year, and the bulk of it is denied norn the duty on gold lins, of course, is additional to the amount recen ed for miners' rights, business licenses on the gold fields, and leases of aunferous lands , and these thiee items would, according to the last quarter's return, give us nearl) ioOOOOa year, so that if the piesent i ite should be kept up, we may say that the>gold fields are turning in a reienue oT^tbout £85,000 a year How much they are costing Tie cannot at present calculate The increase of reienue from intoxicating hquors is accompanied by a corresponding increase of the amount rr-cened for licenses to retail fermented and spirituous liquors, and £"ch this quarter furnishes an additional ¿4000 What there is to set off against this ?«el aie the teetotallers to calculate. lhe general stir in business has naturally »ade the Post Office more active, and we see the re ult in the fact that the former has an increased revenue for the quarter of £2200, and the lattei of about £3900 For a similar rea- son we look to find an increase in the railway receipts, and are not disappointed, ««ere being an advance of no less than £ U.000 In fact the quarter's receipts amount to £94 000, the largest amount ei er j et received. How far the increase has been absorb d by additional working ex- penses, and how much of the apparent is net revenue we have n i present means of stating, and on that point must await furiher light when We get a report from the Commissioner for Rail- way s lhe increase under the head of Stamps is not much more than £1000, wh ch is less thin «e t-hould have exppcted, considering the enor jnous m unt 0f business there has been in the .rensft r of shares in mining claims and com- panies The \- -, prosperóu s ive ne we have been outrunning the con «able But thus is njt the case, in isniuch as, though no part of the charge for the half-jear'8 interest for the, general debt comes into this quarter, there has come a charge for taking up Treasury Bills to the amount of £343,200. and also debentures to the amount of £1000. Deducting these as special ch irges, the ex- penditure was £-181,890. The debentures taken up were balanced by others sold to replace them, and on the sale of which there was a good piont. It has been said that there is always somewhere a skeleton in a closet, and this flouiishiug financial statement has one page which unpleasantly reminds us of that inces- santly haunting ghost-the Deficit. If vye had not been guilty of foolish extravagance some vcars ago, or if during the nine succeeding j ears we had patiently been paying off the legacy it left us, our finances would now have been on a very satisfactory footing. As it is, we still have to endure in our balance-sheet, the sight of a column headed debit- balances. The lcsult of the quarter's operations, however, has been considerably to reduce the debit-balance with which the quarter opened. At its beginning, the Consoli dated Revenue Fund was in debt to the Loan and Trust h'unds to the amount of £367,364. At the conclusion of the quarter this debt was reduced to £165,80G, being an im piovement to the amount of £200,000. But, although this particular fund is in debt, the Government has plenty of money at the bank. There is nearly half a million of loan money still unexpended, and nearly half as much trust-money, making altogether ¡i credit of £743,205. Deducting the portion of this that bus been borrowed by the Consolidated Kevenue, there still remain cash and securities to the amount of £577,399. This is all in baud and available, but it must be remembered that it entirely consists of borrowed meaney and trust money, and that there is not all to the credit of these accounts that there ought to be, inasmuch as there is still some lent to the Consolid.ited Kevenue fund, and which will be repaid as the latter gtts into a better condition. PivciNO AT HOMERUSIT-About one hundied persons asseniblcd cn the old course at Homebush yesterday afternoon, to witness o watch that had been arrangodtitako I lace between Mr Turner's Dictator and Mr Hammond s Queen of Diamonds, but in this they worodisippomtoi, as tho friends of the latter refused to make good tho Btiko, and Mr Turner claimed forfolt The £10 handicip also fell though, and in Its place was substituted a milo race for u sweep of £1 each This brought tour to tho post Dictator, Queen of Diamonds, Jason, and Banjo. The quartette got away to a straggling stirt, and Jason at onae went to tho front and lod to thofarstdoof the course, where he was joined by Diotator and Banjo, and tho trio came down the hill together, thn mare being some longths nwsx and apparentlv out of it Before crossing the bridge, Queen of Diamonds run up to her horses, and Banjo falling lo lhe rear, tho others entered tho straight running in u cluster but, beforo tho distança was reached, Jassu draw awax from hia opponents and won comfortably from Dictator bj half a lerglh A hack raoe for a saddle brought togoihcr a field of eiaht, and waa won rather easily by Mr ltuuiECj'o Casino Si OUTING -Lndy Clifden, Blue Petei, and Hu iules arrived on Sundai bj ttiu Macedon,and are to take up their quarters at Richmond Thoj aro in ohirgo of Mr Dowling, and are in excollont coédition Mr. Tnonpson s etriDg arrived by tho samo steamer, and wera treated to u cameron lhe course j osterdaj nurning, when their fine ap pearnncoaud st j lo of going much pleaded those wlio Baw them perform Beatrice 1 hnation, iiud Sir William havj been scratched for all their Hawkesbury engajroniints, nu I Bridesmaid has been withdrawn from tho Grand Handicap DEATH oiv BOARD THE HERO (s ) -J.imc3 Sutcliffe, wbo waa Bullering from Biuall pox on board tho Heio (s ), which recently arrived from New Zealand, and is now in Quarantine Cove, Manly, died on last Saturday attcmoon It docs not seem that any symptoms of thn disease, otherwise, have appeared among the crow and pn sengersof tbo steamer On the contrary, judging fron intelligence received yesterday m Sydney, all appear to bo in excellent health, and in expectation of a sp Body release from their unwelcome confinement. SIMULAR NATURAL PRODÜCIION rar PÍO TI HE PINE -A gentleman, of high scientific attainments und elote observation, has recently, on his return from the country, left with us a speaimoa of wood which may be no inappropriately termed ' the Picture Pine " lhe wood of thiB tree, when cut ttansxersely, exhibits a sort of outlino view lcEt-nibling the landscape in the midst of which ii grows lhe example wo have before us prosente a reilly beautifnl delineation of scenory-said to hi like tho neigh- bourhood of the towering spires of the " Warruinbungles, ' with a more distunt view of a mountain, the no doubt equally euphonious name of which is ut pre°ont unknown Mun) of our English-born readers will probibly recollect how they used, when children, to show " King Charles' Oak,' by making a oross section of the root of the common fein boms persons have facetiously suggested tint au ] enthusiastio geologist might poesibl) be led to suppoio that this curious specimen of timber also shows a vertical sec ion of tho " cruat of the earth ' With >ut endorsing such an idea, it must be freelj conceded that the section of this "picture pine" in sufficiently extrajrdiuary. It landour ublj adapted for picture-frames. Jil.. »V II COOPER'S NEW DR WV AT auu v, lcioiilA-Yesterday evening, at tho Victoria fheatre, was produced, with very signal success, a new sensation drama, named "Hazard, or Pearce D)coton's Crime," by Mr W. H Cooper-author of " Foiled," " Sun and Shadow," " Colonial Experience," and other well-known works. There was a largo and appreciative audience, and lhe piece went well throughout, being universally voted ti bo tho very best dramatic pieco which has a-i yet ctntnatel from Mr Coopor'spen, lho story is eminently dramatic, the dialogue sparkling, the sitaatious good, and the o in- trusts of character clear and dooidod, without bßing over drawn. The fceno is laid in Sjdney, and the scuerj is truly excellent, reflecting great credit on the ecenio artist Mr W. J, Wilson. Tboviowof Sjdney from Balmam (by Mr. Wilson) was received with onthusiaM«o applause, the attraction being enhanced with many beautiful inechaniaal efleets. The whole was produocd under the direc'ion of jMr J J. Bartlett, who was great ia tho part of Captain Swvn dleton Wylde, and was well sustained by tho company. Mr Frank Hussey, m the difficult rf gambler, and " Jako," the negro, met with a well deserved oxution, his new song and dance m the second aot being nrisietibly funny. His American negro was a finished pieco of comic acting, extremely nmuslng, bat novor de ^aerating into the vulgar or the farcical. Miss Dolly Green as Eva was also very good. The story is skilfully constructed, without being" too complex, and the mtere« is sustained to tho end Pearce Dyceton, a mm of wealth, having fallen into the hands of sharpers, has been fleecei by thom in London somo years before the pliy begins It transpires m tbo course of the piece that on one occasion tho infatuated man staked his nil upon a gamo lost, and detecting ono of his plunderers in the act of chatt- ing him, sna'ched up a kmfo and plunged it into tho rascal B breast. Ho Hies, supposing the man to be dead, slid sails for Australia, taking with bim the daughter of I ids victim. Somo j ears afterwards Captain Swyndleton (Mr Bartlett) also comes to Sydney, meets Dyceton aaci eicntally, and uses his knowledge of Dycoton's crinia te extort monoy The play opons with a Bcene in which Wjldo btutally shows his power, and not only obUias from Djceton largo sums of monoy, but even forces him to consent to his marriage with his daughter (Mrs. Dolly Green), Tatwell (Mr. Frank Hussey), tho mau, supposed by Dyceton to have boen murdered, turns up unexpectedly, and somewhat discoaccrU Wylde'« plana. But ho is got out of Dycoton'B house, on Wylde promising to share with him the plunder of the luckless viotitn. Tatwell, however, distrusts Wylde, and, knowing that Djceton has adopted his (Tatwell's) daughter, he resolves to watch Wylde, Bnd to foil all his nefarious sobemos. He, therefore, disguises himself as a nigger (Jake), and, m an exceedingly funny scene, ho gets employment in Dycoton's family. Here Wylde finds Mrs Gauntley (Miss Melville) \- a woman whom Wylde has married and deserted-«id he sees (bat Wj Ide wishes to marry Eva. This arrangement hodetermines to prevent, tells Wylde that he knows ovary thing. The ways In which (as a grossly intrusive and impudent nigger) Tatwell manages to overhear and to see what Wy Ido would wish to oonceal, are all very amusing. Eva is in love with Harry Worthe, a young bushman , but on learning her father'« predictmont resolves to saorifioe herself and to marry the vilHin Wjldo Harry, to hu grief and astonishment, finds her suddenly chan^id, and the love-match is broken off, but the friendly Juke at once oxplatns tbe matter, and puts the bush- man on hi« guard Wylde witnesses an interview between Harry and Eva, and coirso'y joers Harrj , whioh so íncetses tho lattor that he strikes htm ond lo-ives him with a very significant erndon. Animated hy rovenge, Wyldo conçoives the design of personating Harry-killing 1 atwell, with Harry'« own knife, so as to furnish evidenoo ogainst tbo man ho hates Dressed ia clothes and beard exactly like those of his rival, Worthe iisits 'Iatwell on board n veesel ant" stab« hiui, foromg him into the water. Harry and Rawes-a miserable Johnnv-comc- lately-howover, appear ju»r in time to nave iaiwell from drowning In the last aot, Wylde audaciously claims Eva's hand, aud she is about to be married to him when Harrv denounces the villitn, who boldly »acuso» Harrv tf murder. After soma complicate ra, " Jake" Bul- lit nh discloses himself, Wyl-io io exposed and mirched off io prison, and the piece n«lB h ippity The author, Mr B rtlett, and Mi. Trunk Huissy wore loudly called befora tho curtain BLUE Boon For i<*71 -Titi'. întciûstin; thtoi.iUe, »vi «ork of r'f.re.ei, h*« boon IM. lui bi thu Government lhe» coret<-ntn e,n> c inpilid from oin ni returns in tbo Rogmtrar General's «111 o und relit« ,inn i palli i. tbo jem ra c nne tci wi'h tbe> G>\^ mi n' if 'bo euloiix Thi i-d.xc rill» RIM if »IJ'iffl rx uf r> i Cw remen lui ihe Bui li *A pr >i«r mi, bu «i d M «mia meico with the Hut of Governor« from Januiry, I7S8 to 1J<< i nibpr, 1871 1 her WITH f urtr n G iv.-rn irs au-t ton Ail« ii i-tri t I- Tin ]n nt le the « vi-th rirkirn nt Ittu tho iMablifhiiuit e.f Reap m-lb ii G i-ierauv»«!', iiud (lure li eve) ¡tin fe uri Ii Mmi-trl.» loo efllo r« (»rovid d fir un-ler »cb 'lui" 'V of lota «ud 19th Vu inn*, ia,-. 51, wb « s*l fixed under ti i »love AM, uro tim G vernir, tbj thief Jui-lfcc, tim I'm no JUJK », 1hiColiai.il :etr tiry, tbu Treasurer tie At! rntv-Uini M1, ihn fcnb ltor-Gouora.', ibo Aiiditur-Gmiiftl und tho O vom r'* Prieto Si ro np, -of toe Kum« paid fo 'be atiovo O ilonml Acte. próvido for £600 to the Ibu f Jiiftc« £6011 ti Mr Juane* Uargn'e, £lU0 to Mr Jirti o Cbo ki, i nd £li0 to ihoCilint* Ireniurcr Thu s ii ern of ihe Cei'omil Secret iry, fixed a> £¿1 01), weis rednc d ti £\r>00 Tim nuinlur of c1 rkn «ad other (flicers attach d to tho t'iiriu »mt ara ranta to J3. lho fajdnt-y Brinch of ibo Koval f thomimediatecontr lof be lurds of tlo riei-uti, his I > i file r«, exeltuivo of wtrimm ongiged In coining &r; fbo department« under the mp r i n md control of the Colonial Secntnry number 31, ii > arei as follows - Colonwl Sioretirv'a OIBCH, Kegi-mrG ncral, Aulitir General, Cou eil if Edu'iti n, 1ml i-lrial S^h-iol», Naumai Ship Vein in, Indtt-trial >ch»l for Girl« Boformaiory for Girlei, Pr tcntmt and Riinin Catholic Orphan ScrooU, Uspect r ilenoral of Poll o, Inspector of PUSIIIB Oaola < >tw rvulory, Iinmiirr*tiou Agent, Immigration Board M die ii Bind, MHJI *1 VI viBor and Vaccinatora Minino Asyl mm and Axvlumifor Imbeciles, Inspo"t r of Puhlio e'rWtti * Government Asylums for tho Infirm and Doitituto D finco Cominis mon, Permanent Military Forco, V luntearB and Nuva Brigade, Free Public Library, Auitrili*n Museum. Açont Gencral for the Cobny, 6up rannuiti in Fund, Inter leational Exhibition Cimmlfiilon, O mipil itlin of Ctnsu«, and Inspector of Koroaeno for tin Col njr llio Attorney.General, of course, omtrilt (ho almlni'tratlon of Justice, in whoso chugo aro ami d«p*rt mats, but their extent ia consider iblí The Colon!ii Iroesqrcr is charged with suporvmon of the Ir^mmrv, Stimp Datte», CuMotns Colonnl Distilleries, Moro Hnuch, Printing Gunpowder, Mllitarv itorea, Health Officer, Emigration Officer, Quarantine,'Shipping Masters btoim Navlgition Board, Pilot Board, Harbaurannd LighthiU-toa, Abittüirf, and the Board for maintaining tbî bupply of Militiry Warhko Btores Tho Secretary for Lauds has sixteau departmenta attached to 'ho office over which ho presides ned, a« max be rohd ly supposed of a wide range -they ar tee Survey of Land', Agenta for the Balonf Crown Land*, 0 cupstion of Lind», th« Gold-flald«, G Id flild« Commipaion, Coal fields, Botanio Garden?, MOÜPHI AttondantB to Ab riginos, Sheep luKpeotors, Sheep Duoctore, Church and School Eatatos, Nocrop lia, Conrt of Claims, and Board for Opening Tenders The number of clerks cranoctod with tho head oWce of ihe Laadi Deiartment amount to 4Í, with 7 touporary clerks and cadets In the Survey Branch thero are 6 dl- triot sar vejore, 8 first CISSB turveyora, 8 seoond-oUss surveyors, a chtof draugbtimvn, 6 flrat-class draughtsmen, 17 fécond CIRBS, 25 third cUas. and 6 supemumorary draughtsmen, there are 7 clerks, and li persons on. gaged in tho lithographic and plans ofll cs, and an assis- tant draughtsman for the leasing branoh lhe nuinb-r of licensed surveyors for 1871 amounted to 75 Ih-j other branches of this Importait depirtment of Government employ a perfect army of agents, In'poctois, &e;, necessary for the propor supervuun of tho pastoral, ngrl oui taral, and mineral industries of the olony Thi Seere tsrv for Public Works has only 6ve brinehcs in his depart ment; but each comprehfnis vast inlerc-ti-they an Bailvvnys, Kosds, Colonial Architect, Titzroj Dick, anl Harbour and Rive- Navigation The rall *aj s employ 13 Eersons in clerical work at the bead office, in the Engineer i ranch aro the Engineor-m Chief, 7 cleTkB.'draughtaruea 3 dletriot ergineers 8 turveyore, and 6 othars o nnocted with locomotives, pern ancnt way, &.c. In the tMffir brißch of the Southorn, Western, and itiohrnmi Kail way B there is 1 irafllo manager, 1 cleik In ch-irge of goods, 1 West» m lino inspeoti r, an inatrumeat fitter, a good's clork, and 31 station mna era , on thi Northern line thero are a trafilo manager, >n4 15atiti n miisters. The above does not lmlude thine appjintmenN that have been made on the extension of tho hnoa opened m 1872 The Roads branch, considering the c.ron length jf the main roadways in the cjlony, loiks a mod Btiiep^rimcit as compared with othors-7 perfonB ure eng-iged in clsricil work, there are 14 road superintendents, 8 road ovirieen, 3 br'dge eupenntendents, 4 cadeta, and on extra clerk r r twa tho Harbours and Rivers offieo otnplny 2Z persons m the administration tuga and dredges, 63. The Postmaster General ia n ,t distracted by many divisions in his departm°m, there aro only the Post Office, the MoBBy Order Offio% Klcctrio Telfgraphand Govemraent Siviug»' Bank lho Poet O (li co consumes the services of -11 clorka, including secretary, cashior, and superintendent, ¿ postal inspocto s, lOstampatsaod soiters, and 72 letter cimera, mail bsys, messengers, &c; , thtre alto 6 official cjuutry pjstmastcra In the Mcney Order Office thero nroa secretary and C cb rks, with messengers. In point of number, tho Electric Telpgnph branch exhibits the most imposing appearance superintendent, ast-tatant superintendent, and G clerk«, aro located at the head otuuo , thero aro distributed over lin couDlrj 110 operators, lino repairers, &c; , and 12 overs era over tho IÍUPB in course of construction Tho Gavernra nt f-aviDge' Bank is subsidiary to the Money Ord»r cfboe In lho Mi»collaneoUB Part, are the Eceloiiasticil Ketablishment«, Education, Pensions, Foreign Condula, Bo'inng Ollicers, and Guarduns of Minors. Th« nuiu ler of state-paid clergjmen of tbo Protestant perturiBion in 1871, was-DIOCBO of Sydney (mcluding the Bishops), 28, Diocese of NewciBll«, 16, Dioceso of Goulburn, 8 , Diocefe of Bathurst, 4, Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, 4 -Total, 60 Komin Catholic Church m bydne-v and Districts, 33, PreBbvtorinu Church, 13 Wei leven Methodist Church, 10 The TJniVi-rstty Authoriti^f, and those connected with the Affiliated Cotlego«, and the Sydney Grammar School, number 60, of whom l8 hold honorary oftleea Tho Council o' Education have under their oharge, the Secretar}, 12 clerks, 4 junior clerks, an architect, 10 school inspect ire, an exauiircr, trnining master, and an army of touchers, not enumerated, lhere are 67 pensions pud from tho Con i-oljdatcd Bevenue, and 641 perçons receive araotetyof their pensions from the Superannuation Fund , thura were 15 incipient* of gratuities, and 90 pensions wero paid frou, tbp Police Reward and Polioe Superannuation Fund I he Foioign Consuls and Vice- Consuls in Sydney amounted ti S3 The above are the principal features of the Blue Book for 1871, which is a very ueefal work for refereno". Mu GARRETT-The friends of this gentleman will regret to leam that be has b»en prevonted for «u ne days pus), by severe indiepoeition, from attending in hi p'neo in Parliament. THE MTJBRAY ELECTORATE -Mr. Henry Lane late Under r-ecr«tnry for Financo ind Trade left öydnei in the City of Adc-laido on Se»turday en route for the Murrav te, »rr-kthe fiifTenges of the constituents of that electoral We leam ir jm the Albury Banner that a reqaiaition U 1 emg got up to Mr Hay, of Booinanoonuna, and thjt Mr Mciiarty baB withdrawn SIDNEY IM-IRMARY- Hcpoit foi the week ending 16th July, 1872 -Admitted-18 males, l8 females total, 36 Discharged-12 males, 13 fomaloi, total, lb Died-3 males, 2 females, total, 6 Remaining m house - lol males, 76 fórnales ; totil, 226.ueubicriptions, &o; . nceived-£29 l8«. TUB EM.LISH VACCINATION ACT-An cnoi appears m jesterdny's Herald with reference te the exist eno» of an Act making vaccination compulsory in England Such an Act exists inflicting a penalty of £2 if a child bu not vaccinated within threo months after birth, when legitiered a papor Is given naming tho district vaoomatora, tbur addresses, and hours of attendance Tho father is mponnble, or, if he be dead, thoa the mothor, nura», or other guardian becomes liable. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT NUMBA.-On Monday night, the 8th instant (says the Shoalhaven News), a de structive fire occurred on the premises of a farmer named Quilkey, residing at Numba, which resulted in the total destruction of his barn, with about 1600 bushels of maize, the entire prodnce of the past year's crop. How the fire originated it is impossible to say. RIFLE SHOOTING.-On Saturday last the South Sydney Volunteer Rifles competed for a oup presented by the oomniiltto, the conditions beinir five shots at the respective ranges of 200, 500, and 600 yardi, to be won three times successively or four times in all. The shooting on tie wbole was very Rood, private i ennett being the sucetBful winner with 42 points On the same day the company Dred off a match against the Puddington Company V H , twelve men aside, fhe score of the South Sydney was 298, against 241 made by thtir opponents. They thus won by 67 points No 4 BAULKY CAKBINE CLUB -The quarteily prize meeting in connection with this club was hold at the Paddington range on Saturday, the 13th instant The light was not very favourable for shooting, and though the pnze winners made good scores, (he other scores were smaller than utunl. Appended are tbo scores - Actual Uiimlicop _, . . score, allowance Total lieutenant Arnold 45 _ 41, Sergeant major Dennis 43 6 - 40 Coi poral Arnold 40 5 - 15 Bassan .28 i - st Bombotlier O'Connor 27 G - 31 Gunner Brown i¡ 10 _ SJ Honorarx member Harnett l8 6 - 24 Gunner Cory 17 8 _ 23 Cnrtcr 10 10 _ 20 Saber (retired at 2nd range) 14 6 - 20 Rattray (ditto) 11 s _ IG Sergeant-major Dennis winning the first prize, Lieutenant Arnold the second, and corporal Arnold tho third. 