THE LAW OF INHERITANCE. The unsatisfactory condition of the law of inheritance as it affects the real estate of persons dying intestate has long been a dis credit to our Statute- Book. Nearly two years ago \i\uvemuer io, xo/uj we pointed out the ambiguities and imperfections of the existing law, which are so great as to render it inoperative. Since then we have frequently recurred to the same subject, but up to the present moment nothing final has been done to amend this state of affairs, and estates are wasting away while the authorities are settling what coarse to take. The amending Act, passed this session by the Legislative Council, and now awaiting discussion in the Assembly, is lookelupon by many persons as needlessly cumbrous in its provisions; and on Friday, October 11, Mr. Krichauff moved to refer the whole qnestion, in connection with those affecting the Heal Property and Testamentary Causes Acts, to a Select Committee. In the coarse of his speech, which was clear and moderate in its tone, Mr. Krichauff pointed out the importance of increased simplicity in the administration and distribution of intestate estates, and objected to referring'the matter to a Commission, as had been proposed, on the ground that no craft ever reforms itself, and that lawyers look at these questions 'through spectacles dusty with the dust ' of ages.' If rumour is to be trusted as to the names of the gentlemen it was intended to place on' the pro* posed Commission, we should go with Mr. Krichauff in preferring a judiciously chosen Select Committee. Bnt we cannot ? join him in his too-sweeping condemnation' of the intervention of lawyers in such questions, . remembering how largely the public, is indebted to Mr. Boucaut for his efforts in the direction of law reform in . 1866, and still more how the crude- pro* visions of Mr. Torrena's Heal Property Act were shaped into a practical and coherent i measure through the labours of a Com*, mission of which the present Chief Justice -: wasthe master-mind. In connection with this subject we have carefully read a recently-issued pamphlet by Dr. Hiibbe,* which is apparently in tended to awaken the attention of the public to the importance of these issues, and to Dlace the case clearly before. them. The author, however, seems to us to have laid such stress upon his rdle of an alarmist that he has altogether forgotten to exercise that judicial facalty which is required for a fair statement of his case. Extravagant laudations of the present unworkable Act, com* bined with offensive imputations against the Judges of the Supreme Court, constitute the bulk of his matter, while his manner varies from fluent invective to a ponderous jocosity which is not the least painful part of his' pamphlet. Thus, for example, he asks :— ' What right, then, at all, but especially here and under such circumstances, could any .-et of men or Courts have to plant themselves with obsolete notions between th*e family and their property? From vshance can they show, either naturally or on sound principles of the common wealth, a basis for~ the arrogant power to say that the family shall not have the management of what is their own as a whole, but only in bits; certain portions' technically called lit by the one administration,' and certain other portions technically called tat by another sort of adminis tration?'— (Page 7.) No one, we fancy, can peruse the last words of the foregoing passage without emotions of melancholy, v ?. ? / As to the reflections upon the hommy and fair dealing of the Judges which \rer scattered broadcast through the pages of this pamphlet, we need only say that they are as unwise as they are offensive. Even granting, ht the sake of argument, that their Honors had set themselves doggedly t» oppose the' reform which the Act of 1807 was intended to initiate, and that Judge Gwynne, as Dr. Hiibbe * 'Letters to a Counjarman on Intestate Estates, Acts, Judges and Things in General, byUlrichHubbe,IiLD. Adelaide, 1872. ?politay phrases it, 'hates that Act as much m he biies the Real Property Act,' * rn%n of common sense woidd- see that the way to overcome such prejudices is not to abuse those who are assumed to entertain them. The Judges, by virtue of their office, hold a certain independent power and authority in the State which no sensible man would set himself to destroy or even to bring into contempt; and hence the -wiser course, evea on the above gratuitous assumption, would obviously be to make the law bo clear, perspicuous, and workable, that even prejudice itself could see no way out of the plant and direct administration of it. Conciliation end tact may do wonders . where virulence and passion will only prolong a deadlock. We do not propose to give greater currency to Dr. Hiibbe's abuse by citing it here* we content ourselves with saying that scarcely a page of hit pamphlet is free from remarks of the character we have indicated. If anything more were wanting to show the thoroaghly uucandid spirit in which this pamphlet is, written, it is to be found in the inconiSrtJincies which pervade it, and in the careful way in which the real issues of the discussion are evaded. Of the former characteristic one example will suffice. It is well known that 'the Intestate Real Estates Distribution Act, 1867' (No. 29 of that year), although introduced by the then Attorney General, Mr. Andrews, was not drawn by him. Prepared as it was in the middle of the session in consequence of independent, action taken by the Hon. A. Blyth, it was not possible for him to give the measure that minute attention which its importance de manded. Thus it is, we imagine, that the imperfections and ambiguities which crept into it may be accounted for. * Not bo thinks Dr. Hiibbe. When he is concerned to vin dicate the almost superhuman perfection of the Act, no praise is too high for him to bestow upon its alleged author. Thus he says:— ' Who amongst our people, yea, amongst the representatives of our people in either House, wUl very readily beKeve that the learned Attorney-General who assured the House that this Act would have the effect the House had in view with it, should have deceived himself and the Houses, and only drawn an Act, absurd, incongruous, inconsistent, and contradictory to itself? We have already seen all these odious epithets have been heaped on this Act, and that by a Judge ; certainly not with a view to injure either the feelings, or put down the pro fessional reputation, and prestige, consistency, or honour of Mr. Andrews. No, not that; but only with a view to injure the prestige, and put out of operation the object the Legislature had in view. Nice work this, for a Judge to do. But work from the mind and pen of Mr. Andrews was never before known to be work of that sort; and so far from deserving the imputa tion in this instance the confidence which the people, and the Lands Titles Office, and eminent conveyancers, have in this, as in many other instances, placed on his work, is well deserved.' Page 32.) Who, by the way, are these 'emineat con veyancers' who have such confidence in the Act? This Dr. Hiibbe does not tell us ; but we presume they are the same wko are elsewhere darkly hinted at as being ' justly esteemed for their elegant conveyances' (page 10). We should as soon think of estimating a man's knowledge of law by his graceful carriage. But to return. We have shown how Mr. Andrews has been bepraised on page 12 for the perfection of his work, and he is no doubt fittingly elated by such encomiums. What must be his feelings then when the learned Doctor, having discovered that there are no rules appended to the Act to give practical effect to its provisions, turns round upon him on page 20, and politely charges him with wilful dishonesty for this omission. 'The Legislature,' he writes, 'under treacherous advice from the Law Department, threw the Act for its working on the mercy of the Judges.' If we turn to Dr. Hiibbe's pretended exposition of the existing law we find similar evidence that he is reckless of fact or consis tency in his efforts to be sensational. His first letter sets forth somewhat verbosely the intention of the Act of 1867 to abolish the law of primogeniture and provide for an equitable distribution of the estate. As to the desirability of this aim we heartily concur with the author, although we showed two years ago our reasons for thinking that the Act has failed to achieve its object in a satisfactory way. When we found that Dr. Bubbe's second letter was entitled 'Refutation of the Opponents' we naturally looked for a review of the objec tions that have been raised. These have been so frequently set forth in papers laid before the Legislative Council, as well as in the discussions of that body, that no one who has really studied the matter could be ignorant of them. The amending Bill now before the Assembly umniatakeably points to them in its declaratory clauses. Yet we cannot find the slightest evidence that Dr. Hiibbe has ever read a word on the subject. His 'refutation' carefully avoids reference to any one of the defects that have been over and over again described, and if he has really informed himself on the subject this avoidance must be wilful Nor doe3 he stop here. On page 10 he writes—' Let us first of all, without fear or favour, examine exactly the clauses of the law which is now in force, and ascertain their effect before we con demn them.' In place of doing this, how ever, he indulges in three more pages of vague declamation, and then again affirm that ' it is necessary to rehearse the contents of the Act from its own words.' But we never get any further than this, for the evident reason that a rehearsal of the Act's own words would have pointed its am* biguities too strongly to harmonize with the misty rhetoric o$ the commentator. On page 15 a line afid a half of clause 1 and two lines and a half of clause 2 are cited with the careful omission of those portionswhich create ambiguity or confusion; and on page 20 the provisions of clause 11. are given; but this is all that we get in fulfilment of the learned Doctor's promise to 'examine exactly. the clauses of the law.' -We need give only one special illustration of this want of fairness. It has been shown, as we think conclusively, that owing to a defect in the Act a personal representative may, under certain circum stances, get absolute possession and control of the real estate without giving any bond for. its, honest appropriation. Without a hint of this, Dr. Hubbe roundly states a* an indisputable fact that a bond must be given for the protection of the estate before it can be touched.. We trust we have 3aid enough, however, to warn our readers, against being led away by this ill- advised pamphlet. Its only aim is to create dissen sion and prejudice where harmony and im partiality are most needed; and its only. effect can be to impede the progress of those necessary reforms which it prebends to advo cate. In the interests of these reforms there fore we strongly deprecate the threatened continuation of Dr. Hiibbe's letters. We are glad to contrast with his puerile rhetoric and innocuous vituperation the plain sense, temperate criticism, and gentlemanly tone which mark Mr. KrichaufFs painstaking efforts in the cause. /The Bubka Mine.— The half-yearly re 'portof the South Australian Mining Asso ciation, just laid before the shareholders, is more satisfactory in its promise for the future than in its records of the past. The accounts are as usual finally made up only to March 31, and upon the operations of the year ending at that date there is a slight apparent loss. The total charges of the year were £13,922 14s. 8d., as against £13,570 18a. 4d., realized from ore raised, rente and interest received, &c.; It must not be overlooked, however, that these charges embraced not only the ordinary cost of working, but also the expense of experi menting in the new processes adopted and of erecting new machinery, the beneficial results of which have yet to be felt. It is doubtless partly owing to the improvements thus effected, as well as to the nse in the price of copper, that the Directors felt able to declare a dividend a short time ago. Of actual returns to be looked for in the future the report is judiciously silent, but as the extension of the operations gradually clears away the accumulated debris on the surface and gives more and more ready access to the old workings of the mine, it may fairly be hoped that improved results will follow. Some indication of this may be gathered from the fact that while in the year ending on March 31 the quantity of ore raised was only 1,053 tons, the quantity raised in the six months ending on the 30th of last month was 1,269 tons, averaging 17£ per cent, of copper. In a few days the Directors expect to Have got the water forked to the 50-fathom level, and thus to be able to let several pitches at Peacock's 40-fathom level, from which very good results are anticipated. Among the new appliances recently intro duced mention is made of a set of stamps of 15 heads, whieh is expected to assist consi derably in increasing the yield. We are pleased also to observe the high tri bute paid to the efficiency of a dressing ? machine of South Austra lian invention. An expensive machine was some time' ago erected on the recommenda tion of the Engineer who was sent out specially from England to report upon the mine, but it does not appear to have yielded very satisfactory results. Accordingly, as we gather from the report :— 'In April last Captain Paull was instructed to visit the Moonta Mine, in order to. inspect and report upon Captain Hancock's dressing machine in use there, and which has been attended with signal success on the Moonta and neighbouring Mines. The report was so favourable, both as to efficiency and economy of construction, that it was resolved to make a trial of a similar machine on the Burra Mine. The experiment has fully main tained the reputation of the machine, which has proved not only capable of dressing the , Burra ores, but of doing so in a more expe ditious, efficient, - and economical manner than any other plan yet adopted. The creek sand being exceptionally difficult to deal with, doubts were entertained whether the machine could be made available in treating this class of ore ; bnt a trial just completed has shown that with a few inexpensive altera tions it is well adapted for the purpose, and effects a more thorough and. speedy cleansing of the ore than any process hitherto tried.' We believe that Captain Hancock grants the use of his patent upon very liberal terms, and we are glad to have this oppor tunity of drawing public attention to its apparent value. We are assured that its use is by no means limited to copper ores, but that by a slight adaptation of its arrange ments it will cheaply and efficiently separate any ore from the waste provided the former has a higher specific gravity than the latter. A gentleman who has carefully studied the working of the machine informs us that he deems it as great a boon to the miner as Ridley's reaper was to the fanner. The Institute.— The annual meeting of the subscribers to the South Australian Institute will be held this evening to receive the report, elect Governors, and transact general business. Adelaide Young Men's' Christian Asso ciation.— A meeting will be held to-night in the Old Local Court-Room of the Town Hall Build ings to consider the rules and elect the officers of this Association. Thb Late Accident at the Port.— There was a very large attendance on Saturdayat the funeral of thelateMr.EdwardWest, who was accidentally killed on board the Exonia, the masters and crews of the Black Diamond liners, the employe's of Captain Simpson, and a number of members of the Duke of York Lodge being amongst the number. The deceased was much respected, and great sympathy is felt for his wife and eight children who were so suddenly bereaved. Intercolonial Musical Festival.— By the courtesy of Mr. W. Sherwin, of the Carandini Company, we are informed that Mr. G. Coppin is making exertions to arrange for an inter* colonial musical festival, to come off during the Christmas holidays in the Melbourne Town HalL Musicians, vocal and instrumental, professional and amateur, from the Australian Colonies will be invited to take part in the proceedings. Knowing Mr. Coppin s energy and enterprise we anticipate a successful affair in the event of the festival coming off. We presume the Philharmonic Society will soon receive a com munication on the subject, if they have not already had one. The Goolwa Prize Sheep.— In the report of the Governor's speech at the Southern Agri cultural Society's dinner it should have been mentioned that His Excellency remarked that although the sheep shown were few, they were he believed good of their kind; the fact being that the fat sheep if fed on grass alone were ex traordinarily fat, and the cross-bred had very heavy fleeces. Found on the Shore.— The shot-belt which was mentioned in Saturday's Hegista' as having . been picked up on the Yorke's Peninsula Beach, did not, as has been surmised, belong to any member of the Glenelg boat party, but has been claimed by Mr. Jno. Beck, who lost it in April, whilst he was with other young men landing from a Semaphore craft in the vicinity of Oyster Bay. Yachting.— The White Cloud, which has for the period of her existence belonged to Mr. W. H. Bundey, has now become the property of Mr. Luxmoere. Mr. Bundey intends building a much larger craft, in order to be in a position to extend his yachting cruises, if necessary, to the sister colonies. ? Ga8 for the Peninsula.— It is stated that 487 shares in the recently-proposed Yorke's Peninsula Gas Company were applied for from Moonta and 15 from Kadina, The Bank op New Caledohia. — The growing trade of the French settlement of New Caledonia has it seems made it desirable that banking facilities should be extended to Noumea, the capital. 'With that object in view a pro spectus has been issued, inviting the subscription of a capital of £200,000 in shares of £20, but power is reserved to increase the funds to £500,000 in the event of that course being considered advisable. The provisional Directorate, representative of New South 'Wales, Victoria, and South Aus tralia, as well as the island itself, is a strong ene, and the head-quarters will be in Mel bourne. The prospectus published in the Register furnishes a striking description of the colony's resources, its products, climate, prospects, order, industrial appliances, exports, and go vernment. Heretofore New Calif ornia has fur nished to the Sydney market sugar, cocoanut and whale oils, cotton, and sandal-wood, but the land also contains copper, coal, iron, and gold. As regards the prospects of Banking, the follow ing statement in the prospectus, if trustworthy, trust be very encouraging: — ' The current rate of interest on three months' trade bills is 12 per cent. Losses are almost unknown, and an insol vency is of very rare occurrence. This is partly accounted for by the fact that the traders and storekeepers are all prosperous, and partly by the severity with which insolvents are treated by the C6de Napoleon, which is in full opera tion.' St. Andrew's Church.— The Rev. J. Faulds Henderson, who has lately arrived from Scotland to take charge of the Presbyterian congregation at Strathalbyn, preached anniversary sermons on Sunday in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield street. In the morning he took as his text the words ' The true riches,' from Luke xvi. 11, and after alluding to the direction and realiza tion of human hopes with regard to worldly wealth, the disproportionate distribution of money, and the varied uses to which it was put, he spoke of the inexhaustible riches of the grace of God, pointing out that real Christians, though often poor in a worldly sense, were rich beyond measure in spiritual possessions. The charac teristics of true riches were enlarged upon and their perfect adaptation to the wants of the soul spoken of ; it being urged that as the body could not exist en other than material food, so the soul would pine were it not for spiritual nourishment. Material pleasure when taken in excess palled upon the senses, whilst spiritual enjoyment never satiated and ever in creased, the source being inexhaustible. It did not resemble earthly wealth, which must be left at last, and often took unto itself wings and flew away ere life was gone. True heavenly riches had no risks, were involved in no clouds of uncertainty, but remained bright and beautiful to all eternity. In dispensing them there was no loss, and the possession of them created no miserly fears, no dread of thieves, no terror or anxiety on death's approach, and being drawn from God's exhaustless treasury, no jealousies or heart-burnings were caused in their distribution. They cost man nothing, but God they cost far more than man could dream of in the shame and agony of His only Son, who became poor that sinners might be rich. The vastness of divine riches formed the next division of the subject, and the preacher pointed out how boundless' spiritual wealth was to be obtained. It was not given always as legacies were, for they often fell to the lot of men who knew not their extent or value. To possess true riches, a deep, loving appreciation of God's goodness, and a careful study of His Holy Word were required. There were many people who scarcely gave the matter a thought, and though they admitted the truth concerned themselves not about it. These could not with out change become heirs of God. An earnest exhortation to attend to the teachings of the Scriptures closed the sermon, which was listened to with marked attention. At night the same preacher delivered an impressive discourse. Collections were made at each service in aid of the Church Funds. On Tues day tea and public meetings will be held. PntiE-STREET Church.— On Sunday the anni versary serviees of this Wesleyan Church were held. In the morning the Rev. J. Jefferis dis coursed from the passage ' Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say unto you, rejoice' — Philippians iv. 4. The afternoon service was conducted by the Rev. T. James, who preached on the text 'For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost' — Romans xiv. 17. At night the sermon of the Rev. W. P. Wells was based upon the words in Acts xxvi. 28-29, ' Then Agrippa said unto Paul, almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian. And Paul said, I would to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day were both almost and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.' The attendances throughout were very large, and the collections realized over £23. On Monday a tea meeting will be followed by a public gathering under the presidency of Sir G. Verdon, when Revs. Binks, Davidson, 'Wells, and James, Lieut. -Commander Jennings, R.N., and others are expected to deliver addresses. The Albion Prospecting Company. — A meeting of the above Company was held at the Register-Chambers on Saturday morning. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. J. M. Kingsborough, who presided, stated that the whole of the shares had been allotted. A Committee of Management, consisting of Messrs. J. M. Kingsborough, H. Belhngham, W. S. Olifent, W. S. Douglas, and A. S. Clark, was then appointed. Messrs. W. S. Douglas and A. S. Clark were elected Trustees, and Mr. T. W. Harris was chosen as Auditor. The Committee met immediately afterwards and appointed Mr. C. J. Coates Secretary and Captain Kitto Superintendent, with instructions to commence immediately. Projected Enlargement of a Church.— Od Thursday night a meeting of the congrega tion of All Saints Church, Moonta, was held to consider the advisability of providing more accommodation. The Chairman, the Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin, stated that all the sittings were let, some of them twice over. He there fore urged the desirability of increasing the size of the building. It was resolved to enlarge the structure, and to carry out the work Messrs. G. F. Wyatt, Paqualin, Evans, W. Goss, and A. France, jun., were elected. The following were appointed to collect subscriptions — Messrs. Wyatt, McClenaghaa, Tucker, Evans, Vigar, and the Wardens. The proposed addition is estimated to accommodate between 120 and 150 more people, while costing £250. The sums pro mised amount to £90. Entering a Royal House. — It is affirmed by the Ballarat Star that a Ballarat lady, who went to Fiji last year, has been or is about to be led to the altar of Hymen by a Prince of the royal house of Cacobau. Short Hours.— The large majority of the traders at Kadina have agreed to close their places of business at 6 p.m. on each week day except Saturday, adhering to the present custom of closing on the afternoon of each Wednesday. [From Saturday's Evening Journal'] The Grunthal and Balhannah Mines.— Sir G. Verdon, Sir J. Morphett, and Mr. J. B. Spence are to-day visiting the above properties. Farming Memo. — It is reported by the Bunyip that the flax patches on the Gawler River and near Lyndoch are expected to reach maturity in a few weeks, and are more promising than was anticipated. The same paper writes: — 'We are assured on the best authority— that of practical farmers who have just returned from the Areas of Bronghton, .Narridy, and others— that the wheat crops are not only most luxuriant, but that the incipient panic about grasshoppers is without foundation. The personal surreys of our informants extended over a fortnight.' ADELAIDE TO LONDON TELEGRAPH.— The fol lowing is the weather report on the Port Darwin line for Saturday, October 12:— Port Augusta— N., light, cloudy. Beltana— N.E., fresh, fine. Strangways Springs— N.E., fresh. Peake— N., light, fine. Charlotte Waters— N., light, cloudy, fine, warm, Alice Springs— N.E., fresh, fine. Barrow's Creek— N., cloudyj fine. Tennant's Creek— N. E., light, thunder last night. Powell's Creek— N.K, fresh, clear. Daly Waters— N. W., fresh, fine. Katherine Creek— S.E., moderate, cool. Port Darwin— K.B., light, fine. 