LONDON SMALL TALK., . . [FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE ,, \- ; TOWN AND COT/MTllT JOURNAL/] London, Moy 17. ? - I To thoso who are carious in. such matters,' thn'ndvor tising columns of tho daily papers present a fund of amusement. The " sensation column" is quito inexpli- cable and Sphinx like; for example, what con thiB moan: - . , , - No other duets now than "Can't help lt," " Sooompletoly," not favourite solo " Break, break," " Must ever ding to 18tli, andotlicrs." Wrinkled with bad treatment. Bo sorry.for him. ; Oh, do be good-COME 1 next is quito intoOigiblo and matter of fact, and dis CIOBCS a now feature among dornest io servants : COOK (thorough good, plain), age 23 ; wages, £18 ; at liberty May 6. Ritualistic and early communion; state all partícula». Tho epigrammatio stylo of this advertisement is charming ; tho whole thing has a business air about it. The age is doclared, and the wages peremptorily fixed ; end to givo all a chance in tho opportunity of obtaining tho Bcrvicos of so conciso a cook, tho dato is fixed upon which you may have this jewel in your kitchen. Tho ritualism is quito a now idea. No Low Church cookery and delicate fast dishes on saints' days. Tho early,morning communion might to be a little awkward in some families ; but they must bo content to accept with tho advantages of good plain cookery, a spico of qunint theology; but ns cook roquircs nil particulars to bo stated, such small difficulties would bo easily . sottlod. i MOSE MAcnras.-This is a combination which, applied to tho nose for an hour daily, so directs tho soft cartilage ol which the member consists, that an Ill-formed nose is quickly shaped to perfection. Price, 10s 6d, sent free. - . I refrain from giving tho address, because it ia only fair that a commission should find its way into my pockety Australians with ill-formed noses can train up a nose in the way it should go, by devoting an hour avery day to tho nose machino. Noglected noses can now bo shaped af tai tho latest fashion, as a turn-up, pug, or Beman ; warranted for tba small charge of half a guinea. Prom noses, to theology is a curious loap i but we hnvo' authority and example from tho Kev. Lawrence Sterne, whoso novcr-to-bo-forgotten chapter on noses was associated wjth abstruse doctrinal points, Brothel- Ignatius has been sold np again. Tho Mo- nastery Chapel has been offered for salo, and bid for by would-bo buyers of on extremo character. Ona biddor wanted tho placo for a coal store, and another bid for it in tho interest of tho Secularists. Tho practical goos bofore ali in those timos ; nothing is sacred now ; tho Ritualistic gentry would not como forward to assist Brotbcr " lg," and the monastery is in dangar of fall- ing into tho hands of tho modorn-thought people. Mr. Spurgeon is vary severe on those latter. Modern thought, .tho reverend gentleman says, is Satan's prin- cipal instrument for undermining truth ; and if ho had said anything hard against it, it was intensely soft and gontlo to, what ha would say, if ho ' only know how: to, say it. Ho profesaos to fool _ flattered by tho coñtompt of tho modern thinkors, ana gratified by their animosity. With moro courtesy but ' quito ns obstinately, tho Ber. Archdeacon Denison is determined to stem tho currant of modern thougbt, although it finds advocates among many of tho most distinguished dignitaries of tho ehnrch to which the Archdeacon bolongB. Thc question of tho Athnuasinn Creed is quito settled hy the Archdeacon on his own account, by his informing'convocation. "As, regarded tho gotting rid of tho creed nltogothor, nothing that'was dona in that houso, or out of it, would proveut him reading it in his church without a single alteration in word or form. Ho Bhould do this, and laavo it to tho paoplo to turn him ont of his benéfico if they could." Tho Archdeacon will not bo interfered with; bo is a man of strong will,_ and is ably bnckod by Mrs. Arohdcacon. At n visitation lunch, referring to Govern- ment school inspection, ha said, "Ono of'her Majesty's inspectors proposed to coma to my school twonty-iivo years ngo. I said to tho inspector, 'I lovoyouvory much. You nra a vory nico man; but as euro ns pos- sible, if you over coma hero, I'll toll tho boys to put you in tho pond.' Tho next Behool inspector who wont to tho Behool,, asked whothcr tho children sang, and Mrs. Donison, who carno up nt tho timo, told i tho children to sing ' Goosey, goosey, gander,' and ' tho inspector novcr carno back. Of courso firmness is a very fine thing, and example is worth something; but Mr. Archdeacon forgots that other pcoplo ara also firm, and with Dean Stanley and tba Archbishop of Cantor* bury on tho other side, the modorn-thought folks may take courage As tho Dean quietly put tho case,, whon tho cry of no surrender ls raised, chango is imminont, but tho consorvntivo element objects to chango. I Spooking of Conservatism brings to mind a difficulty ! Irecont y felt in arriving at n definition of conservatism, nnd quito by nccidonthcro it ls strictly nnd most accu- rately defined by Captain Hopo Johnstone, of Annan- ' dole, who is wooing tho electors of DumfrlcB-Bhiro in, tho consorvntivo interest. Ho says, "My vlows nro, oxnotly, those of my grandfnthcr." \VeU,;then, for. tho futuro, lot'Captain Hopo Johnstono be tho'expositor ,of ¡tho Iconsorvntlvo creed, and let it bo qnito understood that tho effort of modern society Bhould ho to copy exactly the viows of our grandfathers, with possibly some consideration for tho opinions of our grandmothers. I wonder what our grandfathers would havo said to a tradesman who mado a fortune out of steel pons, and had a tasto for the fino arts. Ur. Gillott's pictures havo realized 135,000 guineas, and his fiddles ¿64200. One very special Straduarius produced 290 notes-hard con- vertible metallic notes each of tho value of 20s. Tho into Mr. Gillott amassed a* fine fortuno by hia K's and magnum honums generally ; now tho collection will bo scattered far und wide, and tho heirs, executors, and j administrators will assist to circulate tho monoy-no very difficult task generally, and that brings mo to another subject. j Mr. Robert Cook, of Sydnoyj Now South 'Wales, has ( written to tho Standard repining sadly about his diffi- . cultics in getting rid of your Australian sovereigns ; bnt j let Mr. Cook servo up his own dish as follows : Slr-I was told to-day at the Bank of England that tho Australian sovereign was so soft that it might bo bent. Sir, I was an humble instrument in the dlsaorery of gnld lu Australia, and os consequently that discovery led to tho mint now In existence In Sydney, I regret that the Austra- lian sovereign la Blighted by the Bank of Eaaland. The bank showed me the new sovereign from the British Mint, but lt doa« nut appear to mo to be one whit better than that cotnod at Sydney. 1 have seen tho sovereigns coined at that M int, and although the alloy ii, perhaps, moro yellow than the British coln. I um astonished at tbs prejudice that exista I against the Sydney sovereign. That such a préjudice exists in London against our Sydney soverlgn I bear witness.-I am, sir, your obedient servant. ROB. COOK, of Bydnoy, New South Walos^ I regret that tho humble instrument who assisted in dis- covering Australian gold, has zot into a controversy, with the old lady of Threadncedle-streot, and that yonr sovereigns are so soft : but to re-assuro your readers, ! also deairo to bear witness that I have' not yet dis covered any prejudice in London or elsowhero against Syd noy Bovoreigns ; but as my stock of such undesirable coin is running low, I may not bo able to test tho diffi cnlty fully, and invite colonists to send mo any quantity to set the question at rest. So fnr, my slender purso of soft-uns hos got very light, notwithstanding the preju- dice Mr. Cook publicly calls attention to. . Australian monoy suggests Australian meat, and hero again I find that I havo much to learn. I have had tho pleasure of reading in an English paper, that at Sydney alone ono, establishment ships, 150 tons of hoof every week to Englandh ; that i tho moat is cut from'primo joints only, und that tho I English people are so stupid as to cat moat at 19d, when thoy can get good Australian at 7d. Well, as with tho sovereigns, so with tho meat.- I can get rid of my Aus- tralian sovereigns at a rapidly inconvenient rate, mid pay for primo legs of mutton lüjd por lb, beef ut tho same prico, and rump-steaks 15d per lb. Why will people exaggerate as they do. Meat is dear enough of all consoionco, and Australian moat is much bettor than no moat. Ono firm is repacking tho large tins into. Hb tins at 8d each, and every offort is being mndo to bring I tho moat into notico, in fact it is being puiTod over- much. Tho very poor pooplo havo neither tho appliances ' nor the condiments necessary to roudor tho meat palat- able, and they do not Uko tho look of it. The Knife and Fork Club, undor tho management of Cnptnin ll. Carlton Arymnr, is to givo n groat dinner Bhortly on Aus- tralian mutton, at'ls por head. Tho captain presides in tho kitchen, nnd sonda up choice morsels disguised with flavourings to bo washed down by wines of doliente vintngo, (not included in tho shilling.) Wo shall bo told about tho ignorance and préjudice of the poor pooplo against Australian meat, and tho - invited ; magnates will go homo to dine ns guardians do after haring ' tasted workhouse soup and pronounced it excel- lent, i Tho captain is going to . perpetrate another dinner ' after tba Australian feod has gono off. Tho next is to bo ou Paris. Sioge faro, a feast hippopophngous, at four penco per hood ; ho is lotting thom down by easy stages, and having, doscohded. from Australian mutton to the Frenchman's horse, it is not difficult to foretell tho fate of tho groat Knife nad Fork Club. : . Tho Tióhbourno buBÍnoss bus ceased to bo attractive, and people geporolly aro getting tired of tho affair. The claimant has boon mada to appear in tho light of a martyr, and tho notion of tho Attorney-Gonernl hus evoked sympathy for tho Wagga- Waggian, -who has suo cooded in obtaining bail, and has written a letter to tho newspapers indicating a vnSty improved educational status. His lotter is a trino in tho direction of clap-. ' trap, and thanks to tho generous British publio for L20U0 subscribed to enable him to defeat ono of the grossest conspiracies over concocted. However, Sir Buger, or Castro, or Orton, as. it may bo, was delivered from duress-in .duo-coursa, and loft Newgate . amidst tho cheers and hisses bf such nn indiscriminate crowd as London streets eau always furnish on tho shortest notice, without reforenco to merits or domerits. \- Wbatovor valuo may bo attached to tho opinion of a street crowd, tho yaluo of property in a crowdod streot is something worth notice. A very nnprotonding tavern situated inVFinck-lauo, Cornhill, known as tho Cook and Woolpack, having a frontago of 18 feet with a depth of 65 foot, sold with tho goodwill of tho busi- ness for tho enormous sum of L20,800.' Another momorablo London properly nt tho corner, and forming part of Stnmford-strcot, Black- friars, will now canso to bo an oyo-soro. Mrs. Recd, nn occontrio old Indy, tho owner of tho pro- perty, hos died and loft ¿100,000 to tho hospital for consumption at Brompton. Tho only sufferers will bo tho bili stickers and tho ghosts, and perhaps tho small boys of tho neighbourhood, who will bo deprived of tho enjoyment of throwing stones nt tho supposed ghostly tenants. Tho uses to which newspapers aro and may bo put are various ¡ but I was not propared for the very latest. The utilitarian character of the suggestion commonds it strongly to publia notice, and if it is adopted no man need want for clean shoats. On a cold night, if two or threo newspapers bo spread upon tho bcd beneath tho outside covering tho occupant of tho bod will perceive a marked incronso of warmth without any perceptible in eroaso in tho weight of bedding- So, also, if a spread nowspnpor bo placed ovor tho chost before tho overcoat be buttoned up it will ba found a groat protection against penetrating wind and cold. Strikes aro now tho ordor of tho day. Wo hn.ro agri- cultural Inbonrors' strikes, enrters' strikes, builders' strikes j tho Bailors ' employed in steamboats carrying foreign mails threaten to striko ¡ tho organ builders havo struck ; tho men employed on tho river stonmors aro striking : and now, worso thnu all, strikes aro to como to our hearths and homos. Tho sorvant girls of Bonnio Bundoo have Bounded tho war noto with a shrill blast, and proclaim tho grievances of thoir order through tho columns of nowspnpors. Thoy, havo risen to tho dignity of hoing reported. Tho damsels want overy second Sabbath to themselves, and a half-holiday wookly, or a wholo' ono fortnightly, They think Sun- day cooking disgusting, hut if tho mistresses will con Bont to oat cold moat on Sundays, they will not object to cook potatoos. A . riso of wages is indispensable, and tho. hours aro to bo from Bovou to soven. If caps oro insisted upon they nro to bo provided by tho cmploybrs, or allowed for in- tho wngOBj and : no objection .is to bo allowed ns to tho wearing of jowollery. Tho chairwoman put tho resolu- tions to tho meoting, nnd a Sorvnnts' Protection Associa- tion is tho result. What is to follow it is impossible, to prodiet 1 Those girls aro in receipt of wages varying from LIO to L30 por annum, thoy aro fed, lodged, nud, ns a rule, liro ns well ns thoso who employ thom. . Thoy nro hotter paid than agricultural labourers who havo familios to support, and compared with mon aro in a far botter position. Tho infection has reached London, and superb John Thomas of tho calves, enters his protest. Tho'butlorB and|tho gentlemen's gentlemen cry out about .overwork and undor-pay. . Tho "wictiniB in brimstone" (described by Mr. Wollor) will stand it no longer, and wo must oat tko'cold mont ourselves. In tho face of nil thu stands tho fact that in tho Metropolitan district ' above 8-4,015 persons woro in work-houses, and 79,215 woro rocoiving out-door roliof. 113,200 peoplo supported by_ ratepayers weokly. Pnblio . opinion is verjr dis criminating, and the domostio sorvnnts will como iu for a largo shara of ridiculo and a rory small share of sympathy. ; . ' Mr. Jacob Bright baa tested tho House of Commons on tho " woman's right question," by tho introduction of a bill to confer votingpnvilcgos ou rnte- paying.women, and tho debato on -tho second rending was not romarkublo for brilliancy. 'Tho Attornoy-Goneral spoke in favour af the hill. Hr. Bouverie ' ronda a light' chaffing speech, pointing out tho dangar of allowing tho thin ond of tho wedgo to ho tolorated, with tho possibility of tho wholo i sisterhood claiming equal rights, lt tho ratopaying woman ara to assist in legislating, and tho married women' (not hoing'ratepayers),' aro to bo excluded, what becomes of tho equal rights featuro, nnd tho folly of sticking too closely'to abstract theories, is demonstrated. Ono foaturoof tho dohnto was comical and characteristic. Savoral ladies had socured placas in tho, gallery, after tho fashion of ladies of |tho aldon time, togivo oncourngamant to their .favourite knight, who was to mount his hobby borso j nnd although Mr. Bright had ' smiles : to reward him, no chonrs wero hoard, but a very impartial,'nnd not unfriendly looker on tells us in print, that tho romarks of ono Bpcakcr who was so uugallant as to opposa tho second reading, wore received with; ht loast a faint but not to bo mis taken hiss. Tho Indios nro not going to sottlo down qniatly-'nfter thoir dofoat, ' which thoy will havo it, is a viotory, and wo aro to bo dolugod with pnmphlots and 1 punished with laoturos. Has this mania roached you yet, if it has, nnd should lt prevail, tho balnnco of power will bo uncomfortably disturbed. Tho folks who appear to think that a majority ought to prevail over a minority to tho extent of interfering ,'wilh their beor, havo roooivod a. terrlblo bitok-hnndor from tho Bishop of Fatorborough, a very outspoken . Bishop,' and Ono who mnkes a hard fight for thnso who .opposa him. .His Lordship lins chosen : to oxpross hts , opinions, in Ibo Houso of reors, ,,und his speech wns, loglcnl, earnoBt, nnd quito to tho purpose Tho Bishops nra taking a very coinmon-souso view of matters rolntlng to tho social and spiritunl condition of tba people The I moro tboso prelates identify thomselvci with progress, tho moro likely are they ta assisi: in increasing the love of Englishmen and womon far tho Church wa all regurd as bound np with tho crcatnoss of our country. There aro thousands of topics cropping ont, all form- ing part and parcel of tho talk of tho day, but my time will not allow mo to vontnro upon taxing your pationce. Nobloman ara taking to driving four horse coachCB by way of amusement, and do not disdain to take fares. They aro getting back to ' tho Conservativo condition of tho gentleman I hava referred to, whose opinions nra exactly those of his grandfather. Hara is tho story of tho undertaker who committed suicide bacauso his busi- ness was dall. Again tho story of a starred man who destroyod himself and four of his children; and hera j» tho good story of tho generous sympathy of tho publio for tho por widow, for whoso help orer ¿700 has boen subscribed. Tho death of Lord Aud'ey, who was con- nected with Sydney by marriage ties, and also as a colonial official; and to go from one extremo to the other, I notice that Mr. Porres, of tho Sydney Univer- sity os been called to tho bar. Convocation will bo down on Voysey; and tho American Episcopal Churoh has pre- sented tho Archbishop of Canterbury with a gold bason. 