ROUND NEW ZEALAND \- , No. I (BY A TRAVELLING CONTRIBUTOR.). I once thought that the first sight of the Bernese Alps at sunrise, from the road between Basle and Zurich, was something unique in its kind something that excited an emotion never to be effaced or superseded. But I have found occasion to revise that opinion. The first view of Mount Cook from the sea, between 5 and 6 o'clock in the morning, when the earliest flash of daylight trans- forms its peaks i and glaciers into fantastic monuments of frosted silver, promises to obliterate the earlier impression. Beneath the dazzling snow line-and the mountain, it must be remembered, is upwards of 13,000 feet high the flanks and buttresses of the enormous range, half veiled in vapoury mist, might be mistaken, at a casual glance, for a bank of clouds. The mamelon which occupy the foreground, and are the outworks, as it were, of this gigantic citadel, clothed with forests to the very summit, and seamed and furrowed with the beds of cataracts, are of a russet green, deepening into purple in the hollows. Mount Cook, however, is but the most prominent link in a grand chain of maritime Alps sweeping round a curve a hundred miles in length, the ridges of which are broken into jagged peaks, or rounded into comes the loftiest of them, like Mounts Cook and Tyndall, crowned with a diadem of snow." fringing the sea is a sort of irregular breastwork, covered with scrub. Presently Hokitika comes in sight, and signals are exchanged, which, in their unintelligibility to a landsman, remind one of Master Slender, conversation with the supposititious Anne Page She said, 'mum,' and I said, 'budget.'" A small tug comes forging across the bar, dipping her nose in the breakers and scattering a shower of spray over her decks, and our cargo for the West Coast is unloaded. A good deal of it consists of Victorian fruit. The town of . Hokitika is built on a selvago offhand, lying between the bases of the mountains and the sea and with its long strip of white beach and screaming waves in the foreground, and its background of forest and; ranges-the whole enveloped in a singularly lucid same- sphere the place looks very like a small, town on the coast of one of the West India Islands. As the sun mounts in the heavens the sheen of the snow on the mountains becomes ' so intense that the eye literally aches with the fierce white light that beats upon their, lustrous crests. And I may here note that for a distance of 125 miles Mount Cook continues to lift its shining front upon the horizon. In fact, for upwards of 12 hours we were * By that vision splendid Upon our way Horizon." The vessel coasts along the seaward buttresses of this magnificent tier, the colours of which undergo a series of lovely transformations towards sunset, until it reaches Greymouth by which time it is dark, and all that is seen of the town is a sprinkling of lights along the edge of the sea, and a deep rift in a black mass of mountains. Through this gorge winds the River Grey, and down it pours, after sunset, a howling shrieking wind, with frantic violence and icy coldness. I scarcely believed it possible to be sure, I had never passed through Cook's Straits for any wind to express so much Savage anger in its tone, and to do so with such a particularly hoarse voice, as this Greymouth land breeze does and it did not require any great stretch of the imagination to fancy it laden with the imprecations of the ghosts of whole tribes of vanished Maoris, venting their maledictions on their Pakeha invaders. The rivers on the West Coast are very eccentric in their proceedings. In imitation of a certain cripple, they take up their beds and walk more correctly speaking, their old channels are deserted with passionate abrupt- ness, and new ones are graved with impetuous caprice. The consequences are occasionally startling, Mr. Affable Hawk had such a genius for speculation that he managed to raise money on a salt marsh lying under the sea. The New Zealand Government has been equally successful. It has sold numerous riverside allotments, the soil of which has long since mingled with the shell and shingle of the Pacific. One day a man surveys with complacency his snug residence, with its flower- garden and paddock, and the day afterwards st freshet, occasioned by the melting of snow upon mountains 100 miles off, sweeps away tho whole of his freehold, and for another year, perhaps, a brawling river continues to obliterate all traces of his hearthstone, while the family furniture is distributed far and wide without the intervention of an auctioneer. But gold is plentiful at the Grey. "Hope springs eternal in the human breast, and the dispossessed householder immediately re- commences erecting his roof-tree elsewhere. It is a gratifying illustration of the liberality with which public benevolence relieves those who suffer by these disasters, that I read in the local Argus an advertisement to the effect that the Relief Committee must decline to receive any more subscriptions, as they had a surplus in hand, which they had sent to Westport, where there had also been a flood, The run from Greymouth to Nelson is effected in sight of the coast. Most of the | foot hills and wooded down to the very shore. The mountains are chiefly volcanic, with serrated edges, and offer an aspect of stern and rugged desolation. Many of the lower hills, however, are of limestone] and perforated with caves. Objects in the foreground are so dwarfed by the magnitude of the mountains, that the town of Brighton, which is built on the edge of the sea, looks like a collection of toy houses, and the same remark applies to Charleston, a diggings township, with a number of fine water races in the rear. The secondary range of mountains is matted with timber, and the angular outlines and abraded slopes of the volcanic rocks are defined so distinctly by the exactly corresponding inflections of the foliage-which seem to fit those masses just as a tight gar- ment might-that they look as if they were covered with thick green moss. At the commencement of a long fight we obtain the first glimpse of one of those natural terraces which constitute such a characteristic feature of New Zealand scenery. This one closely resembles some of the Roman camps which are still met with in Britain. It is semicircular in form, and its sloping sides are shaved down more smoothly than a railway embank- ment. The summit is as level as a bowling green, and above it rises an inner eminence, like the prrotorium of the camp just referred to. Along the sea beach the cliffs are mantled with verdure, and in places they might be easily mistaken for the ivy-clad ruins of a venerable fortification, The approach to Nelson is very impressive, The vessel enters a gulf about 50 miles wide, surrounded by mountains, two or three of which are plumed with snow. Nelson lie: hidden away in a cover of its own, with a natural breakwater of boulders, describing at accurate semicircle to mark the boundaries of the bay ; a narrow entrance, requiring careful pilotage, giving access to the port. The slopes are dotted with gabled villas, planted on the greenest of platforms, blooming with flowers and fenced in by hawthorn hedgerows that carry you back to the Great Britain of the north. The city itself, consisting almost exclusively of wooden houses, is small and quiet, even to drowsiness, the streets running at right angles, and the shopkeepers being sufficiently exempt from importunate applied tions by intrusive customers to enable them to stand at their doors and watch a stranger with apparently the liveliest interest in his movements from the moment he room upon the horizon at one end of the thorough fare to that at which he disappears from view at the other. A one-horse omnibus rumble backwards and forwards along a tram way from the city to the port and the drive . Whistles perseveringly to admonish incautious wayfarers to get off the track. ' ' But the way far engineer appear. 7 the car of 'Juggernaut' could not find a victim, 'if it would The suburbs of Nelson are simply lovely. If you select one of the prettiest villages in North' Devon, sprinkle ' its cottage-villas promiscuously over the surface of half a dozen small and confluent valleys, with bold but softly rounded' hills folding them in a soft embrace, dot the gardens with, Norfolk Island pines, the beautiful Lambertiana -cypress, and the numerous varieties of pittosporum embossed these gardens in leafy hedges, and cover the whole with an Aus lian sky,' you will have something resembling Nelson. ' And the likeness to a North Devon village is heightened by the clear and rapid' stream-a junction of the Warren and the Wai-iti-which flows through the city, with the sparkling freshness and the musical murmur of an English brook. The cathedral church at Nelson-a cruciform structure of timber, with a tower and spire is perched upon an eminence like a citadel, and is approached by a via Dolorosa, in the shape of three long flights of steps. On a hot summer Sunday afternoon, that ascent must be a veritable pilgrimage. The windows of the edifice resemble so many half closed eyes, which languidly survey the somnolent city below, and the city below nods and slumbers in sympathy with the church above; while the trees seem to whisper soothing lullabies, until the very atmosphere becomes soporific and sleep inducing. I am told, however, that once a week Nelson wakes up. This is on a Saturday night, whenasmany ' as 20 people are reported to have been seen at one time in Hardy street. But perhaps my informant was over anxious for the credit of his dty.Yethowdelusiveareappearances. For not withstanding the peaceful aspect of Nelson externally, there are volcanoes at work underneath the placid shows. When I was there an angry controversy was being carried on in one of the daily papers by the bishop of the diocese and sundry other persons as to whether there were or were not more than two believers in Christianity in the province of Nelson that dignitary having positively asserted that he had heard a person make a statement to that effect, in which he was afraid there was a good deal of truth. if I don't' know whether the right reverend gentleman succeeded in establishing his position. Perhaps those flights of steps have something to do with the prevalence of un- belief.' ' If the ancients had been acquainted with Cook's Straits I am perfectly certain they would have fixed the locality of the cave of JEolus in their immediate vicinity. I believe it always blows there with an intensity vary- ing from half a gale to a furious hurricane. It rains in the straits with corresponding energy, and altogether it is a lively place to pass through in a wild and stormy night ; but the Alhambra, under the cautious and a sigh lant command of Captain Underwood, behaved; nobly, tearing along in the teeth of a gale which seemed to lift her out of the water, and buffet her back with passionate vehemence, i Under such circumstances, the approach to Wellington looked as gloomy as possible. The Heads were nearly obscured by rain-clouds, and with a particularly angry sea, breaking in foam over the teeth like rooks which thrust their rugged edges above the boiling surf, the first sight of this earthquake city was productive of disappointment This was dissipated, however, when the weather lifted, and a gleam of sunshine lit up the surrounding hills. After Nelson, Wellington appears decidedly lively; and being the seat of the central Government the public buildings make a conspicuous figure in the city ; the principal portion of which follows the outline of the harbour, and from thence when seeking ex- tension-the places climbs up the banks of a lofty range of hills not unlike the Sussex downs. The principal street abuts upon the quay, but the one immediately in the rear is so much above it, in point of level, that you might easily stand and pitch stones down the chimneys of the houses below. All these are of wood, and the churches which are miracles of ugliness-are built of the same material. As the architects have endeavoured to reproduce the characteristics of Gothic stone edifices, the result is decidedly grotesque. Government house occupies a green platform sloping do is to the quay; and close to the gubernatorial residence, on a more elevated plateau, is a block of buildings containing the Parliament Houses and the various public offices, till congregated under one roof. At a dista see, the edifice looks picturesque and effective, but a closer examination of the material and the style-the, former wood and the latter ''churchwardens' Gothic "-dissipated the illusion. Wellington architects have evidently never studied the old wooden houses of Normandy and of Chester and Shrewsbury, with a view to ascertain how artistically timber may be employed for con- structive and decorative purposes. Sham copies of stone edifices you meet with in abundance in and around this hilly city ; but it is only in Christchurch-and notably in the facade of the old Town-hall in the latter place-that you find timber worked up for architectural purposes in a way which would have satisfied the taste of Pugin and pleased the eye of Prout. ' 