SATAN IN THE CIRCUS. in the Queensland Times, a Brisbane paper, we I find the following amusing trial which occupied the attention of one of the courts of law : Desmond v. Batty This was an action for £13, for personal injuries. The plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, labourer, residing in Lower Clogheen, and the defendant was Mr. Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus performing in Great George street. The process stated : " The plaintiff claims £15 damages, for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through carelessness, negligence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circus, in Great George-street, an animal called a camel, his property, which animal he in the mouth of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted to escape and break from the said circus, and wander through the streets up to the Lower Glasheen road, where said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injure, knock down, and nurse said plaintiff, by which injustice he has been put to expense and loss of time." Mr. Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr. J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at the door of his house, on the Lower Glasheen road, minding some pigs' food. His wife was at work within the house. He and his wife had been talk- ing about ghosts and about the devil, and about half-past six o'clock, while they were so talking, a queer thing " came up to the door. He screeched, for he did not know what it was he thought it was the devil. (Laughter.) It had a long neck, big hugs, and a hump over so big on its back. He screamed, but he would not stir lia was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two fore paws in, and crushed him against tho side of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the prints of its paws there Mr. Hayes : Why didn't it go in further ? Desmond : Oh, sir, the hump-(laughter)-the hump was so big that he could not get in the door. ( Renewed laughter. ) I got such a fright I was not able to eat as much in three days as in one day before. (Much laughter.) How did he get out ? He backed out again, the way he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell : What did you think you had before you when you saw it? The devil. (Loud laughter.) I believe you had been talking about the devil ? May be I wor. (Laughter.) But were you? Iwor. (Much laughter.) What put the devil into your head that you had been talking about him Faith I could not tell you. But what sort of thing was it ? Oh, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (point- ing, amidst roars of laughter, to the jury box about 15ft, from him. Had he anything about his neck ? Faith he had a hump on his back over so big, and he had long logs and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see anything in the court that you can compare him to don't think, I'm sure. When he came in the door I would give all in the world to got him out of my Right. (Great laughter.) Did you got up off the chair? Indeed there I didn't-a better man than he could not do it. (Renewed laughter.) Did you attempt to shove him out? I did not try to shove him out I did nothing at all to him, for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you had bayonets you could do nothing at all to him. (Great laugh for. ) I was not able to go to work for four days after, for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughter.) Mrs. Desmond (wife of the plaintiff) said My husband on the night in question was minding some pisa' food at the door, and I was at work inside. All at once I heard a bitter screech out of him it looked down, and saw the thing " allow" me, with its neck stretched in as far as he could stretch it. "Oh," says I, pray to Almighty God, for it is nothing good." (Laughter.) May the Lord reserve our soul, says Lund 1 fell down on my knees in a fit. (Roars of laughter.) Did you over see the like of it before? Oh, no, air. What happened then The boys about the place took it away. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell : What were you talking about when the animal came to the door ? My husband was blaming me for being" out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, says "It is the devil is there now surely." (Shouts of laughter.) Mr. Hayes : That is the defence at the other side your worship that it was the devil there, and not the camel. (Laughter.) Mr. Gregg a Didn't your husband say to you, just before, " The devil take you ?" Witness : He did, sir. Mr. O'connell : Is he in the habit of talking about the devil ? Well, he was sir ; he was too often in his mouth, as I often told him, (Laughter). Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appearance to see him, under those circumstance ? Wish, I suppose it was, still no was after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter.) Has he been talking about the devil since ? He has not, sir, (Laughter.) His Worship considered the plaintiff had received damages on the occasion, and gave a decree for £3. 