THE BVNCLE CORRESPONDENCE. ' sea TELEGRAMS FROM EUROPE. Mt Dear Ned was hoping that your orthodox anxiety on the subject of the Education Bill would have kept you quiet until the end of the session, and own that I am somewhat surprised at the request contained in your letter of yesterday. You say, "The " people here are much interested in the tale " graphic communication with Europe, and I " should be very glad if you can come up and "give us a lecture on the subject, treating it " of course in your own humorous" and do " lightful manner." My own humorous and delightful manner j No, Edward ; I am not to be "got in that fashion Humorous and delightful on the subject of the Telegraph ! You might as well ask me to write a pastoral poem on the Education Bill, or to compose an epic upon Harry Bourke. Moreover, Ned, I really don't see why the inhabitants of Grumbior's Gully should be so much excited. The news with which they are supplied every morning seems to me to be of the most uninteresting nature, and the mere fact that we have intelligence to-day of a commonplace event which occurred in London yesterday does not appear to call for any violent outburst of enthusiasm. I could positively invent more amusing telegrams than those which we get The fact that Mr. Horatio Torakina dined heartily on lamb and early peas, and drank three glasses of Marsala, would be much of the same value to the universe did the repast take place in Pekin or Collingwood hat. Take this item for instance, clipped from The. Argus of Saturday :- " The Rev. Geo Badger accompanies Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar, and the start kara' in recesses " Good luck go with them, say I ; bat-who is the Rev. Geo. Badger, and why does he do Sir Bartle Frere the honour to accompany him to Zanzibar ! I was happy while in ignorance of the existence of the Rev. Geo, Badger, but now I feel compelled to slake that thirst for knowledge which has always been my distinguishing characterise and inform my mind as to Badger. I go about asking people "Do you know Badger?" They say, "Badger! what Badger !" I reply, "The Rev. Badger. The Rev. Geo. Badger, don't you know. Ac- companies Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar early in November." But they shake their heads in a meditative way, as though they did know something about Badger once in their happy childhood, and leave me. I became so annoyed at last that at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon I spent the Twenty Pounds I had put aside for your organ fund in sending a telegram to London " TV he is Badger? JSeplypaid." The answer was brought to me as I came out of church this morning, and made me feel wicked Badger, the Rev. Geo , a clergyman, Accomr partying Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar." Now, Ned, I can't be enthusiastic about such a hollow mockery as this. Another fact in relation with the European telegraph swindle ' is, that if you are not careful in choosing the time of day when you despatch a message to London, it gets there before you send it. When young Ramm (of the Leicester Hamms) came of age, he telegraphed to his London bill discounter that he would pay the post-obits in full at once. He telegraphed at 6 a.m. on the morning of 24th October, and Mr. Eziongobor received the news as he was taking his final hot whiskey at 10 minutes past 11 on the night of the 23rd. Now, calculating nine hours and ten minutes for the time of transmission, the worthy moneylender found that the telegram must have been despatched from Melbourne at about 2 o'clock in the morning of the 23rd that is to say, that his correspondent had either sent MR message 7 hours before he wrote it, or that Hamm somehow or other had got home a day earlier by going to Australia, He couldn't believe the latter supposition, seen a great rage he telegraphed back on the 24th that as Bamm had tried to deceive him he would foreclose on a mortgage which fell due on that day. Judge of his disgust when Hamm's solicitors replied that they had received his telegram, but that to-morrow would be the 24th with them, and they were quite prepared to pay the money if they were notified according to the terms of the bond. Eziongeber went to a lawyer, who tried to explain that a man in Melbourne is nine hours, forty minutes, and eighteen seconds older than he would be if he lived in Jjoncloi), but the poor fellow then went into a calculation about reclaiming moneys from life insurance companies on account of an infant Australian policyholder who had died nine hours before he was born, and so bewildered his brains that he was taken to a mad. house. Now, hearing of this case set me thinking died, (apropos of spiritualism and so forth about our old friends the Corsican Brothers made their mysterious appearance to each other. You remember, no doubt, how when Fabian di Franchi in the picturesque costume of his country is about to bid good night to his aged mother he feels a mysterious warning, and the Hats opening to the train lous music of the violins discover that admirable picture of "The Duel in the Snow," and twin-Louis lying dead in his blood. This will pass in Corsica and Paris, but suppose Louis had gone to Australia. Had the duel occurred on Bendigo at 6 in the morning, the ghost of Louis would have appeared to Fabian in Corsica at 20 minutes to 10 in the evening of the previous any, and the legend of the brother's reflection of sentiment falls perforce to the ground. "Each, feels that, which the other feels, and does that which the other does!" How romantic, but how unpleasant ! Why, when Fabian is breakfasting at 8 in the morning Louis should be meditating upon a 5 o'clock tea. When Louis is going to bed at midnight, Fabian ought to be rising with the lark at a 3 o'clock dawn. One or other of the poor fellows must have succumbed to such an unnatural mode of existence ! But let us investigate the popular theory of apparitions a little further. There was a lady in Devonshire (you will find an account of the case in the Lancet) named Maria Wag- staff. This worthy woman gave birth, not to twins merely, but to a quarter of bouncing boys-four Corsican Brothers, in fact, four Wagstaff's with but a single thought, four hearts that boat as one." Well, fortune soon rates the Wagstaffe family. One brother goes to St. Petersburg as an engineer. Another settles in the wine trade at Lisbon, A third remains in London, and the fourth seeks his fortune in Australia. It comes to pass that" Richard Wagstaffe, at 4 o'clock on a bright summer afternoon, falls down a shaft at Ballarat and is killed. His bleeding spirit appears simultaneously to the three brothers, who in the customary way write to the editor of the Spiritual Magazine, and say, "Let not scoffers refuse to believe " in apparitions. I was sitting in my study " at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, engaged upon a statistical report, when I saw my brother " Richard standing by the wastepaper basket. " He was very pale, &c.;, and he had a mark on " his forehead as if from a blow, &c.; [Sec any ghost storybook.) I said, Richard, is that " you?' but when looked again the figure had " vanished, I made a note in my pocket-book of the day and hour of this appearance (they " are alwayeparticular to do that, you know) " and by the next mail I received letters from " Melbourne to say that my poor brother on " that very day and hour had fallen, a " I need hardly say, Mr. Editor, that from that " instant myself and my two brothers became " firm believers in the great truths of spiritual ism." Now, a story like this is, I maintain a very good one of its kind and a multitude of such tales are eagerly received as fact by folks who like to imagine that they have a immortal souls, which possess the power of Sir Boyle Roach's bird. But, presuming that the spirit of R. Wagstaffe could and did indulge in such feats of divisi- bility and locomotion, what would have been the facts of the case? Why, he could have appeared to Tobias Wagstaffe, engineer of the Vasili-Ostrov Railway, at about half-past 8 in the morning; to Anthony Wagstaffe in London at half-past in the morning to James Barnstable Wagstaffe, of Sandeman and Wag staff, Lisbon, at half-past 5 in the morning, and the editor of the harbinger of Light could havehadhim back to tea at South Yarra seven hours thirty-eight minutes and ten seconds before be started 1 Present this anecdote to the circle of progressive Spiritualists at Grum bier's Gully, and let them refer it to Peebles. No, Ned, I will not lecture at your Mechanics' Institute, so get some other goose to cackle about Oersted and Wheatstone to your neighbours. Your excitement will soon wear out, believe me. You have been accustomed to see in a " telegraphic message the record of some extraordinary fact, and think that each message must of necessity be startling. You will get over that feeling by-and-by, as did the folks who read the first daily newspaper. Don't gape at the wonderful discovery of science, so, but simply tell each labouring man in your district that the establishment of universal telegraphic communication binds him to the co-operative society of his fellows in London, New York, and Paris, Tell him that the old op- pressions of the poor by the rich, of the many by the few, are rendered more difficult by each message that flies along the wires. Intelligence of that which other peoples did and thought was once the monopoly of the wealthy and the great, used for the furtherance of their selfish ends. The telegraph and the press have made it free to all. Oppress the workers Monopolists, and words of friendship shall "pass round the world between the dawn and noon !" A certain man named Horne wrote once some lines which may serve you better than a lecture. THETELÏGBAPH (speaks). " 0 well I know that Soleuco will become The new auxiliary of armies kings Leagued 'against the people watchfully prepare All great appliances to guard their throne) And keep the spirit of liberty In cheek Or crush It Into ' order ;' clear 'the lot That for the peoples' Service and chief good I am not sought by all but that as await As fly my Ifghtnlogs, king may call to king, Asking advice or aid or giving note Of danger. O vain euro, Coop self-deception of short-sighted logic For though strong mules at an instant called By tnOj may hurry into foreign lands North, south, east, weat-man owns one kindred blood. Knowledge has been before thomas lordship too. By free and daily intercourse of peace The spirit of human brotherhood has found, And will boreal ter find with tenfold force, Its natural sympathy In distant hearts." That is what the establishment of telegraphic communication with Europe" really means, you dear addle-Dated brother of mine. So sans adieu, thine, JOHN BUNCLE. 