Ak article appeals in yeBterday'a Age, on the subject of the Caliban water scheme, which contains some grave charges against Mr Mackay. As a rnle.it is ndt wise to accept ex parte statements as facts, because one tale fa often very good until the other fa told. Bnt there has been so much bungling, and such a vast amount of mysti fication, over this Coliban water scheme from first to fast, that one fa ready to believe almost anything that fa said of it, however outrageous or inexplicable the allegations may be. Still the Age may be wrong in its conclusions in this instance, and therefore we shall content ourselves for the present .with simply describing the charges which our con temporary brings against Mr Mackay, leaving - a more distinct expression of opinion, for a 1 "future opportunity. The Jyd in effect states, that Mr Gordon's partial condemnatory "re port on the Coliban ««m« was withheld from members until the Loan Bill was passed, and merely laid before the two Houses a few minutes before the Governor's arrival to prorogue. Parliament. Our con temporary adds that this delay may not have been wilful; but inasmuch as the writer adds that Mr Mackay is afflicted with "insena- "bility of the mental retina to facte and " arguments" when the Caliban scheme fa under consideration, this qualification most be taken for what it fa worth. The Age next points out that on the 5th Septem ber Mr Harker in the Assembly denonnoed the scheme of supplying Sandhurst from the Coliban, and Mr Mackay then promised to address himself to tins part of the question when the Loan Bill was under consideration. This he did not do, though he subsequently spoke twice on the question, and, adds our contemporary, during his great speech on the subject on the 30th Jane, " he held in his " own hands the only materials out of which " opposing arguments could have been " made." The Age next points out that in spite of Mr Gordon reporting that en upper reservoir — such asfa now to be constructed — was necessary to make the works of any value, Mr Mackay stated in the House that he would not ask it to spend one farthing for each a purpose, until the Government had ascertained what can be done with the water that can be im pounded by the dam at Malmsbury, and that after the lapse of nearly six weeks he came down to the House, and announced that in deference to the opinions of the profes sional adviser of the Government (Mr Gor don) he proposed to expend £35,000 in that direction. Mr Gordon's estimate, for this work was, however, £95,000, and our con-' temporary explains the discrepancy in this" wise " Between the 12th September and' " the 28th of November, a new necessity " had arisen — no less than the placating of " the Sandhurst City Council by purchasing " their local works for£106,000, a job which " would not have been consummated if the " Assembly had been in possession of Mr " Gordon's report of the 27th of August." This, our contemporary in effect says, neces sitated the re-casting of the estimates for the completion of the Coliban scheme, and the Age shows by figures that Mr Mackay wrongly gave the . total to the extent of over £75,000. "The Loan Act," says our contemporary, "provides that the " funds for one item may be applied to " another, and this Malmsbury job has maw " enough to swallow the whole million and " a half." Now the effect of all tbia fa to allege, that Mr Mackay paltered with the Areembly to get the completion of the Coliban scheme agreed to ; that he avoided placing the House in possession of Mr Gordon's report, until it was too late to be of any value ; that he somehow or other induced Mr Gordon, in spite of his (Mr Gordon's) opinion, to fall in with his plans ; that he misled the House as to the cost of the workB, and, finally, that ' he promised to give a fabulous price for the local waterworks to buy off local opposi tion. further, that about five times the money estimated will vet be required to com plete the scheme, and therefore the proposed outlay of neatly £400,000 now can only .be regarded as an item of expenditure on account. As to how far these strictures are deserved, or whether they can, or cannot, be satisfactorily replied to, fa a part of the subject we sball express no opinion upon until we have heard what the other ride has to say ; and the Sendigo Advertiser will, doubtless, take every care we shall not have to writ long for this information. Bat there fa one statement made by our contemporary which fa highly suggestive, and well worth noting. a. few weeks back no body could have more stoutly opposed the com pletion of the Coliban scheme Gum the Sandhurst City Council «Hd- Suddenly a public meeting was held, at which there was a very poor attendance ; and this meeting, by a small majority, affirmed the desirability of the Coliban works bring completed. A day or two afterwards, to the umawrnimt of everybody, the City . Council of Sandhurst formally announced its intention to with draw all opposition to the schema Could the £106,000 passed for the local water works have .had anything to do with Gift sudden change of opinion S Time, perhaps, will show. Meanwhile Mr Mackay 's reply to the charges made by the Age will be awaited with no limited interest. There fa a pretty quarrel raging at the present time between the City Council and tbe City auditors, which readers of the local papers. will doubtless have observed before now. The auditors have raised the ghost of the Bongaree loan by objecting to the manner in which their liability fa recog nised in the accounts, and the City Council resents this proceeding as a needless and impertinent display of authority on their part. To give point to fas resent ment, the Council has threatened to get fresh auditors when the next elec tion takes place, and in the meantime to cast a maximum of work on these officers for & minimum of fees. There are faults on both rides of this dispute, though there can be little doubt the auditors have now the best of the contention. Everybody knew before that the Bongaree loan was a bungle, because there fa no law in force which enables a local body to play the rile of a money - lender, especially outride its own boundaries. But it fa questionable bow the matter was to be improved by parading it before the public gaze, unless Messrs Marshall and Chalk intmid to carry out their first step to ita legitimate con- clusion, by compelling restitution from the members' own pockets ; and if ao, then, as rate payers, they ought to take the UBnal course to attain tins end. "We do not suppose, how ever, they have any notion of the kind, and therefore they might very well have let this ghost lie, or having raised it, gone , far ther, and pointed out how the difficulty was to be got over. That liability was incurred, there can be little doubt, with the best in tentions, however mistakenly rite work was gone about The object was to enable the -fanners - from Bongoree -to reach the city without breaking down on the way through the wretched condition of "the bush roads. Provisions have been cheapened to the citi zens by this me&ru;, and therefore they have got their money's worth by this road bring 'mada Still, the fact Is undeniable that the foan was illegal, because the Boroughs Statute does no t authorise local bodies to make such advances. Our complaint against the auditors fa therefore simply this, that they revived a question which had been disposed of before on legal, or illegal-grounds, and thus needlessly spread a difficulty in the way of the Council, without suggesting a remedy, and which difficulty the Council fa at present powerless to rectify. Beyond this point, however, the auditors are right to a demonstration. Not anything could be more indecent than the attitude assumed towards them by Councillor Smith at the meeting last Monday, nor could a more discourteous step have been taken by the Council than to increase their work without increasing the .rate, of remuneration. To threaten auditors with stout opposition beeause they have re corded an obje6tion to a Liability incurred by the Council, is.not alone an unbusiness like, and ungenerous proceeding, but just the very step of all"others the most likelyto win for them the confidence of the citizens. To invite additional vigilance fyom the auditors fa a commendable proceeding, but to follow the invitation, up by declining to increase their .pay, and to characterise an application for increased remuneration as an insult, fa one of the most objectionable steps that could well have been taken in , this dispute. In taking objection to - the Bongaree loan, Messrs Marshall and Chalk acted, all the riroumstanoee being considered, inexpediently, but they did not exceed their duty as auditors ; and - therefore they cer tainly do not merit the burgh language which has been applied to them by some members of the Council, nor the effort which seems to be intended, to make it " hot" for them, by thrusting more work upon their hands without increasing their fees. It fa a pity, In one sense, this dispute ever occurred, because it has excited ill-feeling where ill- feeling can do no good. At the Brine time it must be confessed that- it haB -brought to light- a defect or two in the Boroughs Statute, a knowledge . of which will fee useful when freah legislation oh the subject fa ftt-p" in hand. The annual accounts of the city have been passed in spite of the auditors' protest ; and though the ratepayers elect the audi tors, it fa left to the Council to arrange what remuneration they sball receive. Such absurdities as these need removal, if auditors are to be anything more Gi«in mere puppets on the one hand, or creatures of the local bodies on the "other. As to the Bongaree loan itself, all the protesting in the world will not -get that money back. :j£ can Duly be: obtained by the Bungareeehire Council; handing over the cash, or by an Act of Parliament being ob tained to legalise the advance. And a combination of talent to achieve one or other of these ends, would certainly, be much more rational and far less maeJainna than the unseemly quarrel which fa now raging between the City Council and its auditors. Yaterday, Mr Hunt lent in the reiigsatlac of hit eeat in the Town Council, In consequence of bis departure from Btllsrtt. We understand a reqoiiitton is about being presented to Mr East wood, atMng him to atand fox the vacancy . The Buoinjongthlre Council, at lis meeting yesterday, decided to transfer the shire" loan acccnnt from the London Chartered Hank to the Bailarat Banking Company; the letter corpora tion having agreed to a loan of £16.000, on the former security, and the connciliors glring thrlr promissory notes for £50C0 "Taller particulars of the meeting will be found elsewhere. The Btilwey Department announce by advex- tdrement thls morning that dnricg -the xnonlng of tbe epeoitl holiday excursion trains the 3 45 p.m. mixed train from Bailarat will be diicon- iinned. Apropos of the special excursion trains, it wonid seem ss if the department was really pset taking a lesson from exp -Hence. ' At the Isst Easter holidays excursion tickets at the low lares . were available for all ordinary trains, of which there were five then. Now, however, the ob jectionable "specials" have been resorted to again, although it weald have been presumed that the better plan was to dis tribute the crowd of excursionists ova the usual trains, Instead of having S crush at 'the holiday " specials." The council of the School of Mines held their quarterly meeting lost night; Mr Newman In tbe choir. The report of the administrative council woe read, but In consequence of It extreme length, end the Importance of the matters eiladed to, the farther consideration wee postponed until four o'clock to-day. Tbe report, in regard to the Government grant, stated:— "The Government, grant (£S00)iaettlI unpaid; and In consequence of the low slate of the flnaooee, and the Inability on the part of this council to Incur the requisite expense, the school fail not been so efficiently worked es it might have been. Tbe advantages arising ont of III establishment to ndning gene rally, and to miner in particular, have not been sufficiently published. No . models have b:en ob.alned, nor., prizes offered ' for improve ment! In machinery; and bat a emsll portion of requisite apparatus his been purchased" In addition to those already published, the fol lowing nimu of successful candidate at the examinations were published : — Bamuel George Gawler, captain of shift, 2nd doss; John Th: ni ton M'Kenna, underground manager, let clem— the last-named candidate bring a papU of fte ichool It woe agreed that fab Honor Jndge Kogera, Mr Newman, end MrH. Wood be appointed a com mittee to communicate with toe president (Sir Bedmond Batty) in regard to the exercise of his right to make the presentation of the certificates awarded. -The reoommendatiou of the admlnii-'. trative council, tost in place cf a resident muter lecturers be appointed fa the requisite subjects, of which there are eight, and tfaateheyrbe-appoloted' under seal end remunerated, wasladopted. It was also agreed that application should be made to the Government for'aa inewmed grant fit aid; that they should sanction the incorporation of the ichool, and that they ehonld recognise the ichool as an examining body for mining surveyors and mining engineers. ' A month ago the Bunlcyoagshtre Council paired a resolution, instructing toe rate-collector to im pound oil cattle found straying on the roads in the shire. The cervylng-oBt of this resolution appears to have caused seifaua inconvenience to numerous ratepayers In toe South and West Hidings, who yesterday presented themselves before the cooncil, and congbt redress of their grievances. They pointed ont the hardship it was for toem to find their impounded, .when they thought, after having paid commonage fees, the cattle would be on safe pis tu rage, . After some dlsoniilon, it was derided to make e call of the council for the purpose of rescinding toe obnoxious resolution. It was sold tost something like 300 bead bed been impounded In one week lately. Tbe district coroner held en inquest yesterday on the body of a man named Evan M'Pbee who wis killed st Mr M'MiHon'e form, Bold HUls, on Tnesdey. From toe evidence It seemed that the deceased was tskiog home the hariee from tbe reaping machine, when his foot got entangled in toe harness, and he war dragged along toe ground a considerable dlatanoe. Tbe verdict of the jnry was death by. shock to the nerroni system and fracture of the ekalh Tbe fatal accident which oocnrced -at toe Swamp on Tuesday famed toe subject of an in vestigation ' yesterday by the district coroner. The evidence went to show toot toe UtUe fellow, Edward Reckless, who wee toe victim of tbe catastrophe, f til Into toe quarry-hole whilst piay- lxg around It with another boy, and a verdict of accidental drowning wu returned. The late hour at wblah onr yesterday's tele gram came to hoed prevented oe from then explaining that toe announcement of the death of Viscountess Beoconsfield is of especial Interest, as tbe deceased was the wife of toe Bight Hon. Benjamin Disraeli la toe " Peerage" toe late vis countess is tons xet'TT'd to:— " Beoconsfield, Viscountess (United Kingdom), created 1868 — Mary Anne Disraeli, only dsogfater of toe late . John Evans, Esq , of Brsnoeford Park, Devon. Marriet, first, Wyndbsm Lewis, Esq, MP.,. of Paotgwniab Osetle, Glsmotgsciblre; secondly, 1839, toe Bight Hon. Besj acknowledgment of whew official services this viscounty was conferred In 1868 " At an ordinary meeting of "the committee of the Smytbeedsle Mechanics' Institute, held on Wednesday evening, toe secretary, Mr C. Ten Brink, tendered his resignation, which was so cepted with regret. On the motion of Councillor Jones, Mr Ten Brink was made s life member of the Inetttate; and a sub- committee, oonslstlng of Meson Clapperton, Mitchell, and Keith, wu ap pointed to draw up an addrem and twatimnniel lot presentation to him. Some discussion ensued as to toe salary to be paid to toe secretary In future, and ultimately a committee, consisting of the president, Messrs Corinaldi, Ten Brink, Alpen, Mitchell, and Jones, wu appointed to report on the duties of the office, Ao. Mr Lawrence hu sent ui a copy of toe Indian Daily Hews of toe find of fast October, in which there appears a lengthy notice, of bis appearance u Richard Tressider, in the play Of "Enoch Arden." Miss Garry George (Mrs -Lawrence) impersonated toe character of Mary Tressider. The performance took place la toe Theatre Royal, Calcutta, and toe critic write in glowing terms of the favorable Impression which the acting of Mr and Mm Lawrence mode an the sraSlence. In another number of the same paper we observe a very favorable critique of Mrs Liwrenoe's im personation of Edith Tmnple, In the comedy of " Bondall'a Thumb." At the Clones Borough Coundl mceting 0n Wednesday, toe ennnel Valuation wu adopted; toe amount, £80,668, showing nn increase of £586 on last yew's valuation. Tbe return of the popu lation wu S03,1btiIng 614 more Shan last year. While a lad named Edward Bees wu ontUbg bonghs from a tree for some cattle, the branch on which he wu "sitting broke under hlm, and preci pitated him to toe ground from a height of over so feet, where he fetl upon ids hands and face, breaking both vniits and receiving some slight abrasions to the face. Bees, who is thirteen yean of age end resides at Bebutopri, wu admitted to toe Hospital yesterday. At tbe Clones Polios Court, on -Wednesdsy, there was nothing transacted worth recordfng. At the Licensing Court, the Kent hotel license wu transferred from J. O. Boshbrooke to B. Dale; and two temporary licenses wen granted for Boxing and New Year's days'; sports. The pre siding magistrate eeld the next sitting wonid be on toe 8th January. The band of the 1st B.V.B. kit night favored toe citizens with a floe selection of music in toe Start street rotunda. As usual, there wu n very numerous audience. Yesterday morning greet preparations were afoot at the Soldiers' Hill Common School, in getting together the large number of pupils bent on spending their annual picnic. The rendezvous chosen this year being Lake Bnrrumbeet, an early start wu required. What with waggons and boggles, toe party got off end reached toe fake without mishap. All kinds of amusement were Indulged io to the hewt's content of thou Who parti clpsted -in toem. -Mr Cox and his as sistants vied w(to each other in keeping up toe fan. The party returned to Ballwat well pleased" with the day's enjoyment. - A general meeting of the Smytoetdtle Athletic Clnb wu favld at toe Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening. The mayor occupied toe" obalr, end It wu derided to get some large posters printed. Two offers from parties for entertain ments in the Mechanics' Hell were handed over to - the general committee for consideration. The yearly examination of Mrs Trego; his' seminary took place yesterday. It wu conduoted by toe Bev. Joseph Sere, who expressed himself highly pleased with toe proficiency of tbe young ladies In toe various branches of education, and awarded the prizes and distributed the presents, consisting of a number of beautiful and interest- ing books. An entertainment was given at Apollo Hall, Clunes, on Wednesday evening, in aid of the widow and children of the late Conrad Warm- bold, who was killed by an engine on the Waterloo claim, at Beaufort. The hall was crowded. Mr Flude will deliver a lecture this evening in the School of Mines, on "Iron." The subject being of much importance to Ballarat people just now, it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance. A very successful tea meeting and concert,' In aid of toe common school, Bsllark, wu held in the saboolroom an Tuesday night A plentiful rapper wu provided, and toe creature wants of about 900 visitors were well ettended to by Mrsdomes Splstt, Wilifems, By on, and Miss M'Bride. Mr Mitchell as appointed chairman, ' and Mesdamee Abraham and Marcbmont, M»« Mitchell, Popplewell, -Armour, Damp- ' bell. Tttcher, Oaldicott, Thost, J. D. Roberta, R. Williams, B. Jones, and Millsn; end Masters Mitchell -end Popplewell entertained the company -with songs, duett, quartettes, readings and reci tations, Ac. An enjoyable ball followed. By an oversight the name of Mr B. J. Figgis wu omitted from tbe list of players, published In Thursday's Issue, to represent Bailarat In the .cricket match with Bast Sydney. A dismounted parade of the Ptiaoe of Wales 'Light Horse was held lest night, end there wu a very good muster of the troop. They were put through a number of evolutions, which they per formed very creditably. ' The half -yearly meeting of the. All Notions' Masonic ;Lodge, Glunes, was held on Tulidsy evening, at toe lodge- room, Oamp street. . The usasl Installation of officers for the ensuing half- year was -prooeeded with as follows; — Bro. J. F. Weickbardt, W.M.; Bro. Eberhtrd, 8.W.; Bro. 3, J. Martin, J.W. ; Bro. T.G- Knuckey, treasurer; - Bro. D. Patience, secretary; Bro Entwistle, I G.; and Bro. Chambers, tyler. A very satisfactory report of toe state of the lodge wu submitted. . At toe close of toe proceedings, the company eat down to on elegant reput, and a very pleasant evening wu spent. The usual loyal and masonic touts were given and responded to with much warmth. Amongst toe tender dull with at toe Board of Land and Works yesterday wu one for painting at the Supreme Coart-hoiise, Bailarat. The tender of O. Smart, at £lfio, wu accepted, it being toe lowest. Mr Bridget announces this morning,' In our advertising columns, that be is In possession of a live bnllock weighing one ton, which can be seen by tbe curious at fats yards In Peel street. Tbe pupils attending St. John's School, Soldiers' Hill, had their annual picnic in the Botanical Gardens yesterday. An ebundanoe of amuse ments were provided by tbe teachers and their assistants, into which toe youngsters entered with the greatest seek The boye Were taken In cabe from the school, and the greater portion returned In toe evening by i Imilsr conveyances, all seem ingly satisfied with their day's oatlrg. With this week's number the proprietors of toe Weekly Times publish a supplement, containing bast portraits of Bir G.F. and Lady Bo wen, Dr Livingstone, end Mr Stanley. Mr Garrickfa" letter will yet. appear: In onr! colnmns-emost llkaly to-morrow. Pressure of other matter, and itt length, are toe only reasons why It hu not yet been inserted. ... "The oouimlttae of' the vested etoooi, JBnake Valley, have received the following donations to a - fund which fa being raised for the purpose -of ' fencing, lining, and painting the school:— The Hon. P. Russell, £5; Hon. J. Camming, £3 3s; Hon. Ju. Henty, £2; Mr T. Bnuril, £2. . Bschelder's 11 Grand Oolofietn Pantoicope" of a tour through America wUI be exhibited to the Mechanics' Institute for a abort- aesson, com mencing on Monday evening This pano rama gives views of tbe route cf the railway from New York to San Francisco, and contains several admirable illustrations of the intervening country, Stack-rope vaulting by an automaton is added to the entertainment. Mr Thompson hu celled onr attention to an error we fell into yesterday, when referring to bis novelty for toe Christmas holidays. Instead of a monster coke for the distribution of his prizes, Mr Thompson hu nude 600 cakes, In 1 lb, 2 lb, and 3 lb weight recpecUveiy. There will be 100 prism distributed ever these cakes, of the total value of £16, divided as described lh onr yesterday's paragraph. " Alliens, " In the Leader, writes:—'' Australian barmaids, like other Australian institutions, are rapidly spreading oil over the face of tbe civilised .world. Already they have overran New Zealand. Now they have attacked Calcutta, and a restaurant with Melbourne barmaids his -this coal reason been opened at the Maiden. I underetand that toe Acglo-Bengaleee greatly enjoy the new sen- ution." Whilst brokers growl at the absence of (pecu lation, end speculators grumble at the persuasive ness of brokers, end oil agree that there la Infinite market dulses, It Is anomalous, but encouraging, to find (remarks " LEgles" In tbe dsrirafaiiss) the remits from gold eteadliy tncrsaelng. To put tola briefly — the mining dividends for eleven months of this year ere larger then tbe total ram tbns distributed in twelve months last year. This Is one encouraging foot with which to wind np 1872. An unfortnnate and serious accident occurred test night at tbe Mechanics' Institute, jut si the andienoe were leaving the building after the Granville College E pee ch- day celebration. A boy named Barnes, who bad been seated lo the gsll-ry wu eliding down the handrail ol toe stdroeu when be overbitenoed himself, or-wu periled bp another ted, and fell from a height of IO or 12 feet to' the cellar steps upon tbe basement flaw, striking on iron handrail in his descent. Woen picked np it was feared that be wu bidly Irjjrri. and he wu taken Into tbe secretary's office end examined by D;e Nicholson and Batter, who re commended hie removal to" hie own h:me' The scene of contusion was heightened by the boy's mother fainting when she beard her eon's screams. Tbe Bev. Mr Potter lent bis influence to allay the anxiety of toe spectators and toe sufferings of both -mother and child. On bring removed tohii mother's hove, In Board street, it wu discovered tost toe poor ltd wu in a dangerous state, u several of fate ribs were broken. It will be remembered (ranuki toe Argus) that toe Chief Secretary stated In hi, election speech In June last, that on taking office he found that a namber of Crown grants were about to be Issued to various individuals In violation of toe tew, the 6s an acre penalty incurred fornon-eom- pUrace with the conditions of the Lend Act not having been paid. A number of these penalties— 6s per note for 6000 acres— have jut been paid to secure the Grown grants, and toe Treunrer hoi gained £1260, which would have been lost hid the Duffy Administration continued in office a few weeks longer. The devotion of Mr Fellowi to., the jadlriel bench will, of oonru (remarks the Age), cense a vsoancy in ibe representation of St. Kilds in the Legislative Assembly. Gaesses have already been made as to the name ol Mr Fellows' pro bable successor, but up to the present the most favored is that of Mr Murray Smith, especially u Mr G. H. F. Webb hu declined to stand, con sidering that Mr Smith bad prior claims. Mr Fellows hu issued a valedictory address to his late constituents, In which he ssyi: — " In severing the connection which huso long and to harmoniously existed between us, I may, perhaps, be allowed to express a hope that the universal kindness which. I have fortunately met with at the' onteet of my new career, may induoe people to look favorably, on the efforts whlohlshall make to serve them,- whether xioh or poor, 'without fear, favor, or off action.' " An accident occurred to Mr Wsiley, mining, manager , of the Dividend Quartz Mining Com pany, SHegUtz, on Monday test, and from which he escaped with bis life almost miraculously, -it . appears (says the Advertiser ) he stepped onto the cage, which wu over the month of the main shiftman d it being diioonnected with the engine, merely hanging on toe dram with only the weight of tbe brake-lever to hold it, ran down the ehtf t at an Immense speed Into toe welL The shaft is 210 feet in depth, end the well 10 feet In depth. The water broke the force of the concussion, bnt how he escaped bring drowned Is unaccountable, u tome fathoms of rope, whioh ion off tbe dram from tbe impetus given to it by the descent of the cage, colled itself over his heed. It is not thought toe Injuries sustained, will prove fatal. A cue of some Importance to nuritiymea (writes the Gedang Advertiser ) wu heard at toe police court on Wednesday. Messrs Breqoet, of Geres, sued Messrs Nicholls end Co., nurserymen, of Bsllarat, for £4 3s, bring toe vmtne ef certain stocks and frnit trees forwarded to them in com pliance with instructions received In July test. The defence wee that the trees were found to be without roots and utterly unsaleable, and that, with the exception of a few, they were all re turned. Mr Breqoet acknowledged having re ceived e communication from Bailarat, Intimating that they had returned the stocks, bnt tote wu five weeks after they were dispatched, and he had never called at tbe railway station to take delivery of them. Although some withered specimens of toe trees were exhibited in court, and the bench wu assured that only " suckers " and not roots had been forwarded, the bench considered that If they were nusuitohle, toe defendants should have acted with more promptitude In returning them, and made an order tor toe amount claimed, Mr Bonny hu been appointed a deputy County Court Judge, to act daring tbe absence on leave of his Honor Jndge Forbes. The death of Mr 8. G. Henty, one of toe oldest Inhabitants of this colony, Is recorded. He had been ailing for some time put. We mentioned tbe other day that a little boy named David Williams hod been lost in the bush surrounding Pleasant (keek for nearly three days and nights, wbea he wu found at a shepherd's but, toe inmates of which hod treated Ida very kindly. Referring to the poor little fellow's wanderings, toe Hews mentions the following pa thetic Incidents:— " Williams says be crossed three creeks, and he ley down on hie face to get a drink at one of the waterholei. While drinking he saw a crayfish in toe water among the weeds, and matching at it, caught it In his bands "and ate it greedily and gladly. . He th second day. On toe 'second night he had a dream, and thought he uw hie father, mother, and little dateic plainly in hla own home, as well u a girl who lived with toem, end celled ont to toe tetter to give him a 'piece/ meaning the pieoe of breed he was In toe habit of- colling for each morning. Bnt the vision and the bread faded away from the famishing child u he awoke again to toe daylight i of Monday morning. Fortunately, on this third morning fate wanderings led him within eight of a hut, and still thinking he wu going home, he strained every nerve to reach it, and succeeded." We -have received Messrs P. Folk and Oe.'e Book Almanac for 1873. Anthony Trollops reye in toe London Telegraph : — "I cannot repeat too often tost I never met more courteous men than the geld miners of Australia." 