THE MERCURY. . "FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, W3. IN yesterday writing of tho BISHOP'S opening address to tho Synod, wo oxpressod the difficulty wo folt, in common with others, in arriving at any conclusion as to His LORDSHIP'S own opinions on many matters on which ho touched. Difficulty is not, however, confined to thoso who heard or read tho address. BISHOP BROMBY would, wo imagino, find himself considerably puzzled woro ho to bo asked to defino tho object of such iuauguratory uttorancoB ; still more puzzled, should hi» definition point to any prac- tical purpose, would ho bo to illustrate the carrying out of that purpose in tho addles» ho delivered on Tuesday afternoon. BISHOP ' BitoMiiv would not uko to havo it thought that tho usage of tho Church in which it is his prido to havo boon born and been baptized, demand» of a BISHOP that ho should call on thoso of whom ho has tho oversight to conduct their deliberations " docontly and in order," ovon should they theroby hnvo to gloss over error» in doctrino or in practice ; or that tho BISHOP should hold up to their gaze two things ho seem» to consider inseparable-schism and infidelity tlmtthoir horror of othorChurohostliuBoharitably roforrod to might havo pretty much the same 'effect on tho ministers of " the best and purost of Churches" that a red rag lia» on certain animal». We may bave failed to comprehend the grasp j of the BISHOP'S address ; but wo do notporceive in it one idea of Christianity beyond the pale of tho Church''to whichho belongs ; and that limited Christianity he still further limits to tho orderly outward conductandconversationofitspiofessorB. Especially does ho see injury to his Christianity in " words uttered in the warmth of debato, cal- culated to irritate and to wound, bringing dis- ci edit upon our Chinch, or our »ynodical insti- tution." "If," he says, " the Chinch, great as she has been in tho ages past, and great as she is still, shall over lose her opportunity, and therefore her power, it will arise from her own disunion and disorganisation, which will give an advantage to the forces of schism mid un- belief,'which no other power would furnish." It is evident throughout tho whole of tho BISHOP'S address that with him schismatic is the proper designation of all who have left, or differ from, the doctrines and practices of the j Church of England. Even when ho means to | bo most charitable, it is thus ho expresses him- self :-"I ask, is this the time for the camp of CHRIST'S faithful ones to bo distracted by party i feuds and antiquated animosities ? Let us rather learn to ' judge ourselves that we be not judged of the LORD ' for the loss of His sheep, unwarned, - let our watchword still bo ' ojao fratres, pergamus simul,' and live not only on terms of love among ourselves, but of respect for those who enrol themselves under other denominations, na brethren in CHRIST, whoso co-operation we may yet noed against the common foe. Let us try to see how this can be done, and tliat, too, without abetting the sin of schism, or sacrificing our loyalty to' our own Church." He would tolerate, where the in- terests of tho Church as he understands tho word requires it, the co-operation of men of other denominations against the common foo, but he would do so, protesting against their sin of schisim. And what is that schism? If it infers not unbelief, the BISHOP is very un- happy in the use of his language, for schism and infidelity are always coupled together with him. They come as naturally to his pen as do " Castor and Pollux " to the astrono nomer or classic scholar. We ' regret that the BISHOP should thus expose himself to the charge of bigotry in its most offensive form. He does not do this incidentally. He labours at it. Tho very next sentence to that above extracted reads thus :-"Turning our eye inwards, do we not see that every age has its own peculiar ten- dency ? Can we not discern the sign of our own times ? Can we dispassionately say that the tendency, on the whole, is towards sacerdotal despotism, which points to Rome and infalli- bility ? Is it not rather towards Geneva and spiritual anarchy, trampling down all fences which separate the historic Church of England from innumerable sections, many representing great, though one-sided, truths ; others denying the atonement of our Blessed Lord, and rejecting the Sacraments?" Will tho BISHOP say that in this passage he had not before him the late series of religious services in the Town Hall, in which so prominent a part was taken by tho Geneva he so much abominates, and which is vulgarly known as the Church of Scotland, its republican form of Government being repre- sented as " spiritual anarchy?" Others who took part in these services are too pointedly spoken at to leave any doubt of the BISHOP'S reference. There is more uncertainty as to his meaning when he doles out tho small modicum of praise to that portion of them that "represent great but one-sided truths." A one-sided truth is an expression that would have puzzled ST. PAUL, and we shall not attempt to elucidate it. From local schism and unbelief, the address at one stride steps to German Catholicism, which is more gently dealt with than tho repre- sentatives of one-sided truths, or the schismatics whose co-operation may bo needed against the common foe. In Catholicism in Germany the BISHOP hails with satisfaction the adoption of the very fundamental principle that underlies the "Anglo-Saxon Church"-the somewhat pre- tentious name given the English and Irish Churches and their branches ; and he is inclined to hold out the right-hand of fellowship to Dr. DILLINGER, no doubt a very estimable Divine, and one who has taken up what every Protes tant must consider a very proper position. But we hardly think tho BISHOP could have understood that Dr. DÖLLINGER is a most decided upholder of the Roman Catholic Church in everything except in the dogma of infallibility ; and in that it is doubtful whether his objection is so much to infallibility per se, as because it runs counter to doctrines ho hod previously enunciated, and which infallibility was, to some extent, de- signed to counteract. But in tho case of Dr. DiiLLiNOKit, as of all whom tho BISHOP patron- ises, His LORDSHIP has a few things against him. While rejecting the last Ocumenicul Council, Dr. DILLINGER takes his stand upon Tridcntino ground. But the BISHOP would push him off that pedestal, and havo him " re- trace his steps to the Nicene Council before the Church was divided, or Rome had developed the idea of becoming ' tho mother and mistress of Churches,'" to that time of which the BISHOP elsewhere speaks :-"I would abandon all sym- bols of later dato that tend to keep Christian men apart, and would cling to those earlier ones of tho undividod Church, which happily aro witnesses to historic facts rather than scho- lastic subtleties. I mean the Apostles', and tho Nicene Creed." We object to Dr. DÖLLINGER being represented as claiming a sympathy from tho Anglican Church, which, we believe, he would scoff at, or his being left to shape his life and doctrine from a special era in the Church's history, when something very luke infallibility was proclaimed ; for tho Nicene Creed adopted A.D. 325, and altered A.D. 381, was confirmed in" 431, when it was declared unlawful to make any further additions. Retracing our Btops to ono of tho many branches of the address, in which tho BISHOP impresses on the Synod an ordorly conducting of its business,, wo aro quito prepared to admit that episcopacy ceases when the BISHOP is ignored, or undervalued ; but wo aro not pre- pared to admit that lie exercises his office judiciously, or that ho accurately connects cause and effect whon ho says :-" If in our own dioceso there havo boon so fow grounds of com- plaint, it should not bo forgotton that such in frequoncy may bo duo to the personal influonco and private admonition of tho BISHOP, by which ho can oxerciso a far more wholesome effect than through tho machinory of a law court." Wo aro 1 no admirers of tho machinery of a law court. But as little do we respect the influence of tho BISHOP in every little matter. Personal influence and private admonition are all very well in their way, but are apt to degenerate into a petty espion age and intolerable nuisance It is priestcraft in its most offensive form,more clerical tyranny, if a clergyman is to bo waited on and lectured by his superior on every trifling matter on which he may express an opinion or take action. Tho BISHOP, wore personal influonco and private ad- monition to become as gonoral as BiSHOP BuotfiiY approves, would bo an occasion of offence to the Church, and he will do well not to tax the patience of his cleigy, or asaurao to himself ah authority that can only prove offensive. Tho ordinary necessity of caution on tho part of tho BISHOP in his statements, is increased by tho shortness of his momory. When ho states : " I am not aware that any chango in the mode of conducting Divino sorviee has occurred for years post, calculated to offend the congregation of worshippers. Certainly no expression of dis- satisfaction or personal grievanoe, on the part of any congregation, or even any member of á congregation, has formally, or infor- mally, reached me," has he forgot tho acrimonious discussion in last mooting of Synod ? And when ho says, "For 16 centuries nftor CHRIST no questions wore brought before tho Synods for tho purposes of eager debato, or for divisions into majorities and minorities. Tho object was to obtain public consent, and to deliver authoritativo utterance to measures already discussed and approved," has ho forgotten all history 1 Wo shall not discuss with him tho weight of tho example of any intermediate period, but we must quote forhiin an example which even lie must admit puts to flight his assertion that, till recently, no questions* wero brought before Synods for tho purposes' of debate. It is thus wo read of tho first1 Synod of which we have any record :-" And the Apostles and Elders carne together for to consider of this matter ; and when there had been much disputing, PETER rose np and said to them : Men and brethren, ye know how that, a good while ago, GOD made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the Gospel, and believe it. And GOD who knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us ; and put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith." Here was eager debate. Here also was co-operation between the chosen of GOD and the Gentiles, without any taunts as to schism and infidelity, or sneers at one-sided truths. MININO enterprise is subject to the vicissitudes of all undertakings dependent moie or lesB upon judg- ment, skill, and perseverance for profitable results. A good doal, moreover, doponda upon tho oxpcrionce and integrity of thoso who manago it. Tho absence of such qualities, or some of them, gives tho explanation of the non-success of many of the attempts made for tho last sixteen or eighteen years to detclopo our mineral resources. When honest schemes buve been mooted for this end, capitalists, large and small, have been found ready to givo their countenance, for a time at least And to that extent such persons have shown themselves UBoful members of the community i becauso, although personal advantage has been the chief motive, and not improperly so, the aggregate .f individuals setting an example of entorpriso, cannot but have hada beneficial influonco upon society at largo. Failure in their, or any case, is therefore to be regretted. The inglorious termination of ono of those enterprises many years ago, when people representing all classes went in with some degroc of vigour to support a Company to get gold nt Fingal, will not bo forgotton by those who investod their money, of which HITO was moro to spare then than now, and had lo Bubmit to a wind-up, and a con- siderable profitless outlay. At that timo no little confidence had boon placed in a ci-devant doctor, who, though diminutivo in stature, was great in oratory, and exerted his power» most successfully in culling (ho shareholders as* to tho .capabilities of tho Fingal gold-field, and his (tho doe toi's) genius to turn tho same to their advantage. Next appeared on the socne an accomplished trickster, who had done somo good in the way of auriferous development in other Colonies, and from whose well-p iid-for explorations in Tasmania many pcoplo woio led to expect a good deal in a like direction hore. But cir- cumstances which, wo boliovo, wore never fully understood here, led to that professorial adept's aban I dinmont of tho field,' leaving his'expectant dupes hut to " gape, to wondor, and to curso." However, the faith of tho public in tho gold-producing distiicts of tho North East has never been destroyed, mid from time to time renewed attempts havo boon put forth to utiÜBo the auriferous tesourccs which had beon so inauspiciously "prospectod" boforo. The gradual gathering of n mining population, and the ultimato appointmont of a Gold Commissioner tit Fingal, con- firmed tho long formed viows entertained of the gold bearing character of tho country, to say nothing of the individual and associated adventures which have marked the progress of mining speculation up to the present time. ' Tbe authorised statistics of the Colony nre not sufficiently explicit on gold mining to guide our enquiries into tho subject. It will be long ere, instead of two or three columns sufficing to include all statistical information on gold mining, ne shall, as in Victoria, require a wholo blue book for the purpose. By some mismanagement the Gold Commissioner of lyndhurst failed, or was unable, to supply the Statistician with tho information, and thero is a scantier return than thoro should have been but for that circumstance. Mr. Commissioner Chapman's return is a meagre afluir, but at its date ho had not been many months in office, and the information given is bettor than nono at all. Tt is to the effect that 110 persons were employed at alluvial digging and in quartz mining in the Fingal district; that the approximate \uluo of mining plant was £9,000 ; that the gold produced was 600 ounces, value £2,340 from alluvial, and 364 ounces from 884 tons quartz crushed, vuluo £1,360, the alluvial gold boing valued nt £3 18s, and the reef gold £315a per ounce Wo ulso learn from a return furnished by tho Depnty Commissioner of Crown Lands that for tho year before last 1,S24 miners' rights liad been issued, and 161 mining leases. From tho remarks of the Statistician and thoso of tho Commissioners, it would Boom a difficult mattor to obtain tho necessary informa- tion from miners to - onablo returns to bo pro pared ; but Bomo observations by Mr. Chapman aro of so suggestive a cburactor that we aro induced to again transcribo them, although thoy refer to a »tate of things that existed some months buok. After enumerating tho so »oral alluvial compamos which had commenced oporutions with great promiso for tho futuro, he says :-" Notwithstanding the lnrgo sums that have boon expended, tho ground hold by thoso companies remains for tho most part untested ; and tho question as to ¡Is containing gold in remunerativo quantities is no nearer a satisfactory answer than if u pick had never boon put into tho ground. In- capacity and duplicity appear to have beon the i ule in tho management of the great bulk of Tasmanian gold companies ; and until a new era is inaugurated, and tho prosont system of company manipulation abolished, it seems useless to oxpect roniuuarativo results from alluvial companies in this district." Although a bold thing for tho Commissioner to say, the comparativo failure ofj gold mining cannot bo attributed to any more likely causes than " incapacity and duplicity," which just o.\prossos tho ideas cou t lined in our oponingromnrks. Continuingour oxtiacts from Mr. Chapman's report, wo find bim saying: -" The alluvial ground that has been taken up undor miners' rights has given vory fair results, and he yiold of alluvial gold at the prcsont time in this district is very far in »dvanco of tho provioua year, if, indeed, it docs not excocd anything hithorto rcaliBod in Tasmania. It is estimated that, at tho lowost com- putation, from 70 to 80 ounces per woolc are being obtained by the alluvial gold minors at Reedy Marsh, and this yield scorns to bo steadily increasing. It is impossible to form moro than an approximate estimate of the yield of gold, and large quantities are probably obtained aDd sold privately, of whioh no note can bo takon. Ono can only judgo hy drawing inferences fiom thoso few casos where a fair estimate can bo formed of tho results of tho minera' labour. Tho Reody Marsh alluvial gold-field is now supporting a population of some hundreds stroug, and these aro rocciving daily accessions to their numbera. In quarts mining ... the general appearance of the reefs in this district is such ns to afford fuir prospects of success to buna fide workers upon them. A Com- pany with a genuine capital of somo £20,000 might, in competent hands, bo reasonably oxpected to give fair roturns to tbo shareholders, upon » vory largo percentage of the gola\\-baaring roofa in this district ; but investor« mutt not expect to reooivo imme- diate return» for their outlay, nor to procure competent men, nor substantial maobinery at a nominal outlay of capital." The only other statis- tical Item calculated to throw light on the question is that which informs us that tho export of gold for that year (1870) waa 2,141 ounces, of tho valuo of £7,47ß. Looking to the whole quostion, then, of tho gold producing rosouroos of tho country, it is with rogrot we contemplate the winding-up of such a Company a» the " Fingal Quartz Crushing Company, Limited." The Company hasboen in abóyanos some four years, and considerable objection ia entorUjnad against tho project of winding up by the Court. , From the pro- ceeding» of the meeting held at tho Mechanic»' Intti tuto on Wednesday, we nra inclined to attribute blamo jointly to the shan holders and tho diioctors. It would seem that four years ago a resolution was passod at n numerous meeting of shareholders to wind up ; but it was necessary, under the Act, that tho resolution should bo confirmed by a subsequent mcoling ; that subsequent meeting was never held. A mooting' was called, but a quorum of Bharo holdcrs could not ho obtained ; and four years havo been allowed to elapso without any further stops being adoplod until lately, when some porson or persons 'havo taken tho initiative to got the Company ,\vound up by the Court. It is now thought by many of tho shareholders undesirable tri oloso the concern, at all events in the way proposed, and the effect of the resolution passed wns to mnko known to tho Judge, at the meeting ho has appointed for to-day to piocecd with tho business, the desire of the persons present to have proceedings stayed until after a meeting of shareholders, to be called by authority of Iho Judge, Bhall have had tho opportunity, of ex- pressing an opinion as to tho most advisablo course to he purmr-d. If practicable it is to he hoped what huB occmred will induce a renewed effort to work the Company,in order that the pecuniary responsibilities of the shareholders may bo lightened. BANQUET TO THE MF.MIIP.II Fon FRANKLIN.'-A communication haB been nddressod to the Member for Franklin, Mr. John Davies, inviting him to a complimentary banquet to give publio oxpression of the constituency's thanks for the manner in which he has fulfilled his pledges made at his election, and suggesting for the banquet some timo in March during tho moonlight nights. The invitation having reached Hobart Town while Mr. Davies is absent in Mel- bourne has been forwarded to him thero. OCTOOENAMAN BIRTHDAY ANNIVEUS IKY.-Wednes-1 day last bping the eightieth anniversary of the birth- day of tho Hon. John Foster, M.L 0., Hint gentlemnn celebrated it by giving a treat to the children, 90 in all, attending All Saints' Sunday-school. Tho juveniles appeared to enjoy thomsolvos to tbo utmost,, and bofore tepaiating, gave tlireo times three hearty cheers for their octogenarian fiiond. in the evening Mr. Foster entertained the sixteen teachers of the school at his private residence. DIOCESAN STHOD -Yesterday was the third day of tho Church " parliament." Only ano notice of motton, a formal one, wns givem at the afternoon sitting. Somo explaualions wera given by the Rev. Mr. Garrard and Canon Davenport, concerning some matter of finance roluting to Macquarie Plains, und Mr. Garrard intimai ed his intention to labio a motion for a Select Committee of investigation.' In reply to Canon Parsons, the Bishop gave an expla- nation relating to Ihe election of the members of the Chaptir; and his Lordship also gavo information, ou the motion of the Kov. G. B. Smith, as to a com plaint by some prisoners of a cross having been placed on the Communion Table at Port Arthur. The Rev. G. B. Smith withdrew his motion deprecating tho uso and circulation of Romanizing books and tracts in tho diocose, but ho did not giro tiny reason for doing so. An animated and rather acrimonious de- bato took placo on Canon Bromby's motion for tho appointment of a Select Committco to consider moans to increnso the general church funds. Dr. Valentine was called lo order by the President for giving as a reason why tho funds had failed that tho laity wcro losing oonfulonco in tho clergy, instancing tho notice of motion with reference to Romanizing literature. Mr. Kenucrloy was also called to older by tho President for lofoiring to Dr. Valen- tines remarks, and advocating nt the proper time free and opon discussion on that or any other subjret of complaint in tho dioceso. The hon. mombur said if free disciiBsion worn not alio»M1 he would never again open his mouth in that assembly. It wnB cvidont.thnt tho Bishop had in- terposed under n misnpprehonsion of Mr. Konnerley's meaning. The discussion on tho motion onded in its adoption nndt the appointmont ol tho committco pioposcfd by dinon Bromby with a fow alterations. On tho motion of Canon líalos tho uso, of tho now Loctionnry oftho Church in England was pounittod in this dioceso ; and al tho instnnco of tho Archdeacon it was resolved to present an address to tho Queen, congratulatory on the recovoiy of II.lt II. tho Prince of Wales. Tho estimules for tho norlhorn and Bouthorn Archdeaconries wore finally passed through committco, and on boing reported woro read 'the first timo, the second reading being fixed, for to- tiny. At tho ovening silting u hill "to «mond tho law for tho ti ¡al of ecclesiastical oflonces" was read a second lima and committed. In committco tho first sovon clauses wciu discussed and agreed to, with a fow vorbal alterations in some in- stances. Tho Synod protracted its flitting till nonr eloven o'< lock, 'but a largo number of tho members loft nt an earlier hour. TiiBATiiü ROYAL.-Elizabeth was reproduced last ovoning to a good house. Tho performance passed off smoothly, and although tho ourlior portions of tho play aro rather tamo tor luck of incident, and n pio sonceofsomothingappioaobingvurboBity.tiioaiidionco warmed up'during the celebrated sceno between the Queen (Mrs. Gladstane) and Eisex (Mr. Stuart O'Brien), nnd a loud and unanimous call procurai tho raising of tim curtain at tho close of the third act. To-nigbtMrp.Glnd8tunoa.ppoarsinacomplotoly differ- ent charnctcr, Shnkospenro's fino comedy As You Like It being tho pieco to bo prosontod, with that lady as " Rosalind " ToiiAcco PoisoNiNo -Yesterday afternoon a man, known by tho sobriquet of Pat, hut whoso real name could not bo ascertained, was taken to the Gonoral Hospital on a truck, ho having, whilst indulging in tho practico of chowing tobacco, swallowed a quan- tity of that narcotic. A fit of vomiting, onsuod, mid tile stomach was roliavcd of tho tobacco, but tho usual remedios for nicotine woro administered, and the man had rocovorod from its effects last night, although ho was Btill under tho influonco of drink, from which ho was suffering when ho swallowed the tobacco. > GOUED liv A BULL.-A day or two ago Mr. Joseph Knight, of Lansdowne Crescont, was vory sovoroly Korert by a bull, which inflicted a wound in his sido four inches in longlh, and about ono in doplh. As it happened, .the'ncculont was fortunately obsorved by MIP. Knight, who laid hold of a cudgel, and gnvu tho animal a sound thrashing,' which cuusod bim to scamper off. Mr.'Knight was nttcndod by'Dr. Carns, who sowod'up tho wound, and ho is now, wo understand, progressing favourably. CRICKET.-Thcro will bo a miitoli plnyod at Queen- borough grouud'on tho 2nd March botweon nn eleven of the St. 'George's Club and mi equal number, of the Collegiate Club, wickots to bo pitohed at half past 2 sharp. i * - TUB NEW SYDNEY PARLIAMENT,-Tlio Mulbourno Argus has benn given to understand that so far as tho Now South Wales elections have gone tho Ministry have lost 12 scats, wbioh will make a difi'orencoof 21 on a division. On tho Opposition Bido thcro is only ono doubtful cnso'of loss. CONDITIONAL PARDONS.-A despatch has boen sont by tho Earl of Kimberloy to tho Governor of Now Zealand, in rcforonce to tho caso of soma convicts, with conditional pardons, who a year ago arrived at Now Zealand from West Australia and woro Bent back again. His lordship says-" It appanrs that only threo of tho Australian colonies, viz., South Australia, Victoria, and Now Zealand,, havo passed laws excluding convicts, but as tho remaining colonies of Now South AValos, Tasmania, und Queensland, might reasonably complain if, whilst convicts aro especially restricted by tho terms of tho pardon from proem-ding to tho throo former colonios, th'oy woro allowed without broach of tho conditions to resort to other pnrtB of Australia, it has boon de- termined to insert for tho futuro in tho pardon a condition that tho convict shall not go to any Australian colony, and that a broach of this condition will ontnil forfoituro of tho pardon." Tho South Atttifàlian'Advertiser, in,reprinting tho coirosporid donco, copies of which woro sont to tho Govornor of South Australia, says-" This may bo rogardod as anothor insíanco of the dosiro of tho Uowning-stroot authorities to moot tho wishes of thoso colonies in every possiblo way." .'.' ' ' -, a :., ' i UiiELATB JtBOATTA.-Tho (¿oolong crow, don t lake kindly to thoir defeat, nml'a li vol v contest is going on between'Mr. J, Cullin;' stroko of tho'Goolong crew nt tho Hobart Town regatta, and tho Ballarat Ilrtning Mail. Mij. J. Cullin writes to, tho. Geelong Advertiser that tho Mail's statement that ho ," lost 'henri" "is an uncnllod-for and cowardly attack," and further, " a gross fabrication, mudo without the slightest foundation. Our dofoat I attribute to the forco of circumstances ¡, what thoso circumstances wore I do not soo my way clearly to oxplnin, as such might bo to the financial disadvantage of certain partios who had a peculiar interest in our pulling off the raco. Without wishing to dotrnot from the qualities of (ho Syd noy and Tasmanian onrmnon, I wish to state' that I do not consider our défunt a criterion of tho rospectivo morits of tho Barwon crow as compared with tho other crows nt whose hands wo Riili'orcd a dofoat." Tho Mail, in reply, L'ivos two instances, whoro it says Mr. Cullin did not shino nB stroke; and says nlso-"Wo quito agroo with Mr. Cullin whon ho statos that ho docs not consider the dol'eat of tho Barwon crow any oritorion of tho respectivo morits of tho Sydney, Tasmanian, und Barwon crows, and wn hold this opinion for masons that havo romo to our knowledge through a Hobart Town gonllomnu lately arrived in Victoria. This gontlomnn assoits that our Viotorim crow, ovidontly oluted at thoir prestige and recoption by tho Ilobiirtonor», woro anything but asloop during tho wjtohing hours of night, or rather morning, und that thoy paid moro devoirs to Bacchus than to tho muscular deity. Now, when wo consider that tho Geelong crew led for the first milo or io, wo cannot help coming to tho conclusion thnt thoy had both tho powor and paco, if thoy only had tho condition, fit for a raco of four and a half milos. This, coupled with our proviouB statement which has driven Mr. Cullin into such antagonistic rogo, will acoount, no doubt, for the position of tho muoh-vaunlod Goolong crow iu this intercolonial race." INFANT NOURISHMENT.-In th» R»yal Nurseries tho Food prepaiod by Savory and Mooro has tho pro fcronco. Dr. II. Darlu- says, it " rosomblos Mothor'a Milk as closely na possible" " The Infant Prince thrives upon it as u Princo should."-Soo. Sei. Rev. " Highly nourishing and easily digostod."-Dr. Hassall. No'Boillng or Straining required. Tins, Is., 2s., Um, and-10a. 'Prepared by Savory1 and Moore, 143, Now Bond Street, London. Sold by all OheuiUU and Italian Warehousemen,-[Adrt.) 