A NEW PRAYER-GAUGE. SOME of the more studious of the readers of the English magazines that lie upon the table of the Mechanics' Institute must have been startled for a moment with the title of the opening article in the Fortnightly Re- view for August, namely, Statistical Inquiries into the efficacy of prayer. That is to say, the multiplication-table brought to bear upon the volitions of Heaven, and the effluxes of Providence measured by meter as we measure gas! Was there ever such an illustration of that pitiless realism, that relentless calculating spirit which is the characteristic of the age, which takes nothing for granted, and would call in the registrar-general to set- tle the doubts and problems which the priest can't solve. To understand the drift of the article it is necessary to go back a little and notice the beginnings of the con- troversy of which it is the outcome. Everybody, certainly every Christian, knows the theological plea for prayer, that though the general providence of God acts through what are called the laws of nature, by his particular providence he can interfere with those laws, and grant the prayers of the righteous when he pleases, send sunshine or rain, or whatever they ask for. On the other hand the physicist, or the foot- rule philosophers, insist that everything that hap- pens around us is the result, not of one, but of many different forces. Nature's processes, they argue, are the product, not of one, but of many formative efforts evolved out of each other in a long adjusted sequence; and a shower of rain, like any other phenomenon of which our senses are cognisant, is the slowly elaborated result out of a series of ante- cedent causes and effects, nicely working to- gether to bring it to pass. To ask us to sup- pose that a shower of rain can be produced in the absence of these causes, or withheld in spite of them, is to have us suppose that a thing may be and may not be at the same time ; that is to say, it is to ask us to believe in two contradictory propositions, and to permit the existence of an avowed contradiction be- tween our religious conceptions and our scientific experiences. You may say, if you like, that the Supreme Power can break one of the links in the chain of causation at will, but nothing occurs in these special providences to indicate that there has been any halt in the uninterrupted rythm of cause and effect. Prayer, therefore, is fetishism. Such is the reasoning that the rationalist is in the habit of bringing to bear upon the subject. But he has gone a step further, and in the Fortnightly Review he has pub- lished a plan or proposal for putting the efficacy of prayer to a quantitative test. The writer of the article prefaces it by insisting that it is a perfectly legitimate and appro- priate object of scientific inquiry. Are prayers answered or not? This is a simple statistical question. Do sick persons who are prayed for, for instance, recover more rapidly, on the average, than others who are not? His answer is, while the medical works of Europe teem with broad averages of disease, there is no recorded instance in which a medical man has attributed recovery to the influence of prayer. No statistical society has recognised the agency ; no in- surance company makes allowance for it in their prospectuses ; no bank is considered a safer investment because its directors open its proceedings with prayer. And here we may be allowed to interject, on our own account, that an awkward use might be made of the practice of the Upper House opening its de- bates with prayer by the hard-headed sceptic who has no play of religious casuistry in his conscience. There is the prayer of the Dean and Chapter at the consecration of the Bishop in which they beseech the Holy Ghost to assist them in the choice of the right man. It is Emerson who notices that the dictates of the Holy Ghost invariably agree with the nomination which the Queen sends them. The prayer for fine weather, too, may, as Sydney Smith put it, sometimes put the local parson in antagonism to the rest of the world. Canon Kingsley himself couldn't help re- marking that the registrar-general's returns in 1861 showed that the cold wet summer of 1860, which drew forth so many petitions for fair weather, had been exceptionally healthy for both man and beast throughout England. But to return. As he cannot get the figures bearing on the efficacy of prayers for the sick, the Reviewer takes those bearing on the health and longevity of persons who are invariably prayed for — kings, queens, and lords. And from the journal of the sta- tistical society he shows that, in spite of the prayers, public and private, their mean age is below that of less privileged people. The conclusion he draws is, of course, that the prayer has no efficacy. He next collates the longevity of clergy, lawyers, and medical men, and upon examination he finds that the clergy, with all their devotional habits, are the shortest-lived. (Conclusion ditto.) There is a smack of irony about the next test. " We pray in our liturgy that the nobility may be endued with great wisdom and un- derstanding, and there is more madness and folly and scandal among them than in any other class of equal numbers." Ergo, the liturgy is useless. And ergo, Mr Dalton and the statisticians have made out their case. It so happens, however, that the readers of the Fortnightly have an opportunity of hearing the other side, almost without leaving their seats. If they will take up the current number of the Contemporary they will find an article entitled "The Rationality of Prayer," which indirectly responds to Mr Dalton's challenge. The writer, the Rev. Littledale, who contributed a capital article to the same review some weeks back on the secular studies of the clergy, starts with the postulate that people of the Dalton way of thinking must be either atheists and don't believe in a God to pray to, or fatalists, who believe that everything is part of the sequence of inevitable law, and that nothing can be other than it is. He only deals with the latter of course. And what does he find ? That there is no such thing as change? Nothing of the kind. " I interrogate the records of geology, and I find evidence that the Creator can make rapid and prodigious changes in the order of things, man suddenly appearing on the earth, for instance." " I deny that any law making continuance neces- sary, or even probable has been discovered, or that physicists have established more than the fact than that certain phenomena come after one another in, as yet, invariable sequence." Professor Tyndall has written in the Pall Mall Gazette : — " I turn to the account of the Epping cholera case, and learn that the people drank poisoned water. To alter by prayer the consequences of this act would be as much a miracle as to make the sun and moon stand still. You ask for fair weather and for rain, but you do not ask that water may run up hill, while the man of science sees that the granting of one petition would be just as much an infringement of the law of conservation as the granting of the other." To this Mr Littledale replies, "I can perform either of Professor Tyndall's miracles when I please. I pour a few drops of disinfectant into the poisoned water, and drink it with safety. And I rig a force-pump, and drive the reluctant fluid up to the very top of my house. If God gave chemists the wisdom to invent disinfectants, can't He use them without revealing his pro- cesses ? If we saw a child thrusting its hand into a red-hot fire, we could scarcely pray that the fire might lose its scorching power, since that would be asking God to reverse His own laws. But if we cried for a sudden down-pour from heaven, or intreated a blessing on the medical remedies em- ployed, where would be the unscientific attitude?" And he winds up his article with calling on the ministers of religion to give statistics of their own experience of the efficacy of prayer, and with a quotation from Emerson by way of affirm- ing that prayer enters legitimately into the do- main of natural law. It does not come within our purpose to com- ment on the reasoning of either of the controver- sialists, being only a sort of medium between them and the public. But it is not very difficult to foresee the style of rejoinder that the Fort- nightly Review is likely to make to his opponent. He will probably say that the analogy the latter sets up between the force-pump and Pro- fessor Tyndall's prayer for sending water up- hill is not a correct one, that in using the force-pum we are acting in conformity with known and established dynamic laws ; whereas we know of no law of nature which Providence would not violate if the He made a river flow up a mountain instead of down it. To use Mr Littledale's own words, in asking God to do such a thing, we should be asking Him to reverse His own laws, just as much as we should if we prayed that the red-hot poker should lose its scorching power, or that the medical remedies should heal the burnt child, in contravention of their pre- arranged chemical qualities and properties. The quotation from Emerson is not a very happy one at the best, but the appeal to him is still more unfortunate, from the fact that this same Emer- son has written in one of his essays that, "Prayer is a disease of the will, and that to pray for a particular commodity or gift is a meanness and theft," finishing up with a quota- tion from Fletcher's Bonduca, where Caratach, when admonished to inquire into the mind of the god, replies : — " Our valours are our best gods," which is only another way of saying that God is always on the side of the strongest battalions. A capital example of the sublime audacity to which the manufacturers of State prayers will sometimes go may fitly bring the subject to a close. After the battle of Solferino, the Bishop of Troyes ordered a Te Deum to be sung. Having announced that a battle had been gained, said the prelate — " The hour in which we live is solemn ; God, with the concurrence of France, is acting a magnificent page of history." And so an end. Hazzlit says that a magazine acts as a sort of taster for the public, to point the way to the best books for them. And all that we pretend to do in the present case is to act as a taster of the magazines in the same spirit. "We don't for a moment suppose that the Fortnightly Review will prevent anybody from praying. Johnson, as Carlyle notices with approbation, said his prayers in the age of Voltaire, and Mr Dalton will scarcely bring his generation to believe that the Lord's prayer is unscientific and not according to Cocker, and the law of averages. Anybody who is anxious to push his inquiries into the Pagan theory of prayer may read Grote's Plato, Socrates commended to Spartan, for put- ting up prayers in undefined language for good things generally. His reason for refusing to ask the gods for special favours has to our mind a sort of Montaigne irony about it, " because we do not know whether any of the ordinary objects of desire are good or bad." 