SIXTH DAY—MARCH 4. Canon Parsons gave notice he would tomorrow ask the Rev. Mr Hayward:—<1) "Whether after his arrival at Port Arthur he caused the removal of the Communion Table from the church, and substituted a so-called altar made and prepared from a design of the one in the Roman Catholic Chapel at that penal station? (2) Whether he wears a white stole with three yellow crosses, and exliibits on the so-called altar a cross, with vases at each end filled with flowers, and places on the said altar candlesticks and candles ? (3) Whether during the Jpast six months at any service in the church he used lighted candles, artificial light not being required, it being clear day ? (4) Whether he commences morning and evening prayer with the invocation of the Holy Trinity, that it is to say, with the words in the name of theFather, Son, and Holy Ghost, genuflecting at the same time, and bowing the head ] (5) Whether at the consecration of the elements in the Lord's Supper he turns his back to the congregation, the decision in the Purclias case notwithstanding. ' (6) Whether at the reading of the Nicene Creed or at any other parts of Divine service, he crosses himself and makes an adoration to the so called altar ? (7) Whether he has issued to the prisoners or any other residents at the station at Port Arthur a book called Steps to the Altar, or photographic representations of the Saviour on the Cross, and has pictures on the so called altar, or in any part of the church 1 (8.) Whether the Bishop of Melbourne withdrew or caused to be cancelled the licence of the Rev. Mr Hayward on or about the 30th day of March, 1870, and on what grounds ? That in the event of all or any of these questions being answered in the affirmative, I will move to-morrow that this Synod respectfully calls upon the Bishop to admonish the Rev. Mr Hayward, and positively inhibit him from the further continuance of practices so opposed to the spirit and usages of the Reformed Church of England, and if the Rev. Mr Hayward should, despite such admonition and inhibition, persist in such superstitious observances, that this Synod calls upon the Bishop to remove him from Port Arthur and revoke his licence or authority to officiate in any part of the Diocese of Tasmania. Also that a special meeting of the Synod shall be convened by the Bishop whenever he shall receive a requisition to that effect, signed by fifteen members of Synod, of whom five at least shall be of each order, any rule, law, ordinance, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Mr Justin Browne moved, pursuant to notice, "Tliat the Southern Finance Committee be instructed to make such arrangements for securing a present or future income from the property at Westbury as the peculiar circumstances of the case rendered necessary—by leasing for a term of years at a nominal rental or upon an improving lease ; and that the committee be authorised to employ any person or persons residing at the North who may be able to carry out the same ; and, if necessary, the committee may issue a lease in the name of the Archdeacon, to be signed by him upon the terms specified ; the costs incidental to such arrangements to be defrayed from any income accruing from the property." Agreed to. Ven. Archdeacon Davies moved that persons neglecting to obey any resolution of this Synod shall be considered guilty of contumacy, and subject to the severe reprimand of the Synod. The ven. gentleman instanced certain churchwardens who had not forwarded to the Archdeacons their returns as requested, and urged the Synod to uphold their dignity. Having stated his reasons at length he withdrew the resolution with a threat that next year if the churchwardens did not do their duty, he should propose that they be fined (a laugh). Mr Tarleton moved, pursuant to notice, " That the Church Advocate be requested to be kind enough to prepare the draft of a bill for presentation to the next session of Parliament for the erection of a corporate body in which the revenues of Christ's College shall be invested for the promotion of education in connection with the Church of England ; and that a com- mittee—consisting of Messrs Kenrierley, Crowther, H. Butler, W. S. Sharland, J. Browne, Canon Davenport, the Dean, and the movermay be appointed, in conjunction with the Bishop, to consider and settle the terms of the said bill, and recommend it to the favorable consideration of Parliament, with power to sit in the recesS." Agreed to. The Synod went into committee for further consideration of the Ecclesiastical Offences Bill. Clause 14, the constitution of the Supreme Tribunal, gave rise to some discussion aB to whether triers of charges of heresy, false doctrine, or Bcliism, should be exclusively clergymen. It was proposed that the proviso having reference to the point be expunged, leaving such charges to be tried by mixed, triers of clergy and laity. The clause, as altered, was passed. 