CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE NORTHERN GOLD FIELDS. (Per favour of the A r mid ate Express.) Gentlemen—In this day's ' Express' Mr. A. P. Smith comes out very grandilo quently. Not content with stating the fact that the Government have taken proceedings against the guarantors for the payment of tlio Telegraph OlBcc here, he assumes the attribute of Omniscience, and, like a very sensible, intelligent man, pronounces on their motives for so doing, lie says it was a dastardly act of retalia tion for the defeat of one of the Minis ters as a candidate for New England. Now, if this was their reason for adopt ing those proceedings, I would denounce the act as tirongly as anyone. But my intelligence docs not enable mo to see so far just at present. Mr. Smith's object is quite apparent. He must liave a lick at Mr. R. Forster, and by misrepresentation he endeavours to twist and distort this fact so as to serve his purpose. Now, what on earth has Mr. Forster to do with this ? He is not a Minister, nor connected in any way with the Ministry. A humble Attorney would not be likely to be consulted in such a matter. And none but an idiot would blame IB-. For ster for an act of which he was not cog nisant, and over which he had no control. We have heard that the train and pas sengers on the Great Pacific Railway was snowed up at Omaha, one of the passes in the Rocky Mountains. Who was to blame for this i Robert Forster ! Suc cessive earthquakes have destroyed a city in the Caucasus, volcanoes have blazed out, and disastrous floods have occurred in other places. Who is to blame for all this ? Robert Forster, of course ! Mr. Smith can with as much reason blame Mr. Forster for having caused the above ca lamities as for having initiated the lega proceedings referred to. Then there is a great flourish of truml pets about Mr. Rodd being a pattern re presentative, and a tried friend of the miners for five years, of which Mr. Smith knows absolutely nothing. Electors, if Mr. Rodd " has pleased everybody," and been such an admirable representative for five years, how does it happen that he did not address his old constituents ? Simply because he had not the "ghost of a chance" at Br&idwood.; Then lie got himself nominated for the Nepean Stakes, and came in a " very indifferent third." And, when wandering about in search of the undiscoverable, it occurred to some wiseacreB here to nominate Mr. Rodd, without his knowledge or consent. For he says in his address (written I believe in Bathurst, but without date or locality), " I learn by telegram that I have been nominated as a candidate for the North ern Gold Fields," &c.; Electors, Mr. Rodd lives nearly 200 miles from Sydney, and cannot attend to your wants as well as a person always on the spot. When Mr. Smith states in an advertise ment that Mr. Forster is a Crown Pro secutor, ho states what is incorrect. Mr. W. J. Foster is a Crown Prosecutor—not Mr. R. H. M. Forster. Mr. Smith, as usual, misrepresents what the ' Express' says relative to Mr. Carey's written report of his speech. But let this pass. The cause that re quires the aid of such conduct cannot j prosper. Electors of the Northern Gold Fields, the Braidwood people won't have Mr. Rodd on any terms. At the Nepean he was ignominiously rejected. This is the recorded decision of those who best know him. Don't let anyone humbug or delude you. He has been brought here 500 miles in search of a seat. Send him home again without one, and return at the head of the poll Mr. Forster, who has been a credit to the electorate, and one of the best representatives in the House.— Yours, £. J. KYLE. Uralla, 16th March, 18jT2. [We have struck a few' expressions out of the original, as too personal. The latter part of the letter should, properly, have been ail election squib in our adver tising columns, but we are disposed to be as liberal as possible under the circum stances.—Ens. 'A.E.'] 