FLOWERS OF MARY. f From the Ghaplet — a liomishpuper of Adelaide. ) WEre.adinthe "Annals of the Prop.agation of the Faith " for March, 1S55, the following fact related by a Marist missionary in a most inter esting letter from Oceanica : — " Navigators' Isl.ands, 1853. "In the midst of those obstacles which still retard the progress of the faith, one thought encojn\ages us and reassures us in our arduous mission, .and that is that God is with us, and that He alone can and will convert the heathen when the proxier time is come. I am going to tell you, without any comment" of mj' own, a recent occurrence which will xicrhaxis prove to you that the light of faith will not be refused to those poor peoxfie if they themselves will not refuse to see. " We had baptized, when in danger of de.ath, a young infant, who, in the loving designs of God's providence, soon after winged its gentle flight to the Inisom of God. The body was Laid out, .according to the custom of the country, upon its little bed in the centre of the floor, and lay there just as if the soul and body were both calmly resting in the warm breathing sleep of life, and not the cold sleep of death. The friends .and neighbours sat around cross-legged, their solemn silence betokening their awe at the presence of death, even in .an infant. It was night. A half lurid light w.as thrown upon the scene by the expiring umbers. No one spoke ; low bretithing or a h.alf suppressed sob .alone broke the silence. Suddenly all eyes were dir(3eted to a new light whieli shone in the c.abin. There in the midst of them was a stranger, such .as they had never seen before, and none had seen enter. It Avas a AVom.an, f.air, and of perfect beauty, clothed Avith a Avhite floAving robe, .and more richly adorned th.an they h.ad ever seen before. In each hand she bore a globe of sparkling fire. Her feet did not touch the earth, but her figure Avas lost in so d.azzling a light th.at it Avas impossible to gaze long upon her or to distinguish her fe.atnres. The mysterious a'isitor Aveiit sloAvly round the funeral couch, and, after a pause of some moments near the head of the child, dis.appeared as suddenly and unaccountably as she had come, le.aving the poor mourners sxieecliless Avith surxirise. "Such is the fact as they relate it Avith the simxdicity of details and exxressions of natives Avho are still heathens. Not liaviiig the slightest idea of similar things they did not give any religious interpretation to this xhenomeiua, but none of them varied in the Av.ay they related it. But the most astonishing thing of all Av.as that none of them, not even excex>tuig the Avomen, had the slightest fe.ar of this a)X)«ar.ation. Now, Avhen one remembers hoAV frightfully coAvardly the natives .are in everything relating to ghosts and ajpar.ations, this is most surxirising. Hoav often have I seen the natiA'es rushing out of their cabins in terror and screaming Avith fright, and Avheu I asked the meaning of this .agitation, I was told th.at it Avas an ailou ; that ""is to say, one of their demons which had just appeared to them in a terrible shape. One- day a young n.atiA'e of Wallis Island, Avho Avas Avith me, began to ridicule these A'isions. 'Oh, don't laugh at such things, Loukini,' s.aid the AA'ife of the chief, Avho had become a Christian ; ' don't you knoAV that baxitism drives aAvay the aitous. I often used to see them myself before I Avas baptised, but noAV I never do.' It is qiiite certain, hoAvever, that not one seemed to fe.ar the axopearance just related, and it has had a remai'kable influence since in bringing them to the knoAvledce and love of Jesus Christ, throneh Mary, His Mother." 