LAW. SUPREME COURT. TUESDAY. ECCLESIASTICAL JURISDICTION BEFORE Mr. Justice HARGRAVE, Primary Judge. GORDON v. TOWNSEND. This was a suit instituted to try the validity of the will of the late Mr. Townsend, a Government licensed surveyor. His widow has entered a caveat against an application for probate by Mr. Lewis Gordon (one of the executors) on the ground of the testator's insanity . The hearing of the case lasted three days. Mr Gordon appeared for the caveator, Dr. Paterson for the executor under the will. The learned Judge now delivered his judgement, the effect of which was that the caveat was dismissed with costs as against Mrs Townsend. HIS HONOR said: This is a case of great public importance, especially to all husbands and wives, and is, I believe, altogether unexam- pled, in any of our reported cases or law books. It is an application by a widow to set aside her husband's will on the ground of his alleged "unsoundness of mind" at the date of its execution, when she herself has been in the regular receipt of £300 a year secured for her separate use by her husband out of his own properly, under a post- nuptial settlement bearing contemporaneous date with the will; both will and settlement being executed at the time oi the separation, about a year after the marriage, and now about eighteen years ago. It appears that Mr. Townsend was, at the date of the marriage, a Government "Licensed Surveyor" of the first class, that the marriage took place on the 27th day of April, 1853, the lady being then above twenty one and Mr Townsend about twelve years older. After the marriage the parties came to Sydney for a few months and resided together at the house of a Mrs Stephen, in College street. Some differences arose between them, and Mr Townsend at first took his wife to Wollongong, but soon returning with her to Sydney stayed a short time here; and afterwards went, on Mr Nathan's advice, on a trip (without Mrs Townsend) to Melbourne. On his return to Sydney Mr. Townsend only saw his wife once, for a moment, when she was staying at a Mrs Gorman's, in the month of March, 1854, when (as Mrs Townsend says) he left the room directly he saw her, and shortly afterwards, in the month of August, made a post nuptial settlement of £300 a year upon his wife, and secured by conveyance to trustees for her of sufficient real property of his own, and also executed this will, dated July 8th, 1854, now disputed by the widow. It appears that Mrs Townsend was confined of her only child at her brother's residence (Queanbeyan) in, in March 1854, and Mr Townsend, in 1854, went to England, but although Mrs Townsend wrote constantly to her husband, and sent photographs of the child on two occasions, she never received any answer, nor acknowledgement. It also appears that Mr Townsend visited this Colony for a few weeks in 1856, but had no communication with his wife, and returned to England, where he died in 1869, without having altered his will of 1854. The will in question was admitted by Mrs Townsend's counsel to have been executed by the testator in the pre- sence of two witnesses, who duly attested the testator's signature with all the statutory requisitions; these two witnesses being the late Mr. James Norton and his clerk, L. A. Dodd, and the will was produced from the office of Messrs Norton and Barker, and deposited in this Court, by my order in , 1870. This will, after directing his debts to be paid and a legacy of £500 to Mr Lewis Gordon, one of the executors, devises and bequeaths all the testator's real and personal property to Lewis Gordon, Allan Williams (since deceased) and Henry Harbridge, of Alcester, Warwickshire, upon trust to invest &c.;, and to pay the income to the testators' sister, Mrs Harbridge, for her separate use for life, with re- mainder to all the children of testator's said sister, as tenants in common. The testator then specially empowered his trustees as to release his moiety of a Melbourne estate to Mr James Hannibal Rose's testators co-tenant in com- mon, for £6000, to be invested under his will, and appointed the said Messrs Gordon, Williams, and Harbridge executors, and revoked all former wills. The testator died in England on the 26th August 1869, the executor Williams being deceased, and Harbridge out of the jurisdiction, the other executor, Mr Lewis Gor- don, has now propounded the will for probate to which Mrs Townsend, the widow, has filed a caveat, alleging that testator was of unsound mind at the data of its execution. With regard to the validity of the will, it was not only admitted, as already stated, that the statutory requirements had been complied with, as already mentioned, but Mr Lewis Gordon, the executor, also proved that he had known Mr. Townsend intimately for fifteen years before his death, and previously to 1854, that he was "very clear in business matters," that he expressed a wish to make a will in 1854, and then made a settlement on his wife prior to going to England. It was drawn by Mr. Norton. The will was made about the same time as the settlement. He "discussed the matter with Mr. Norton, in the presence of witness and of Mr Norton's clerk. Mr Norton said Mr. Townsend was quite compos mentis, and he would prepare the trust deed and will, and would send Townsend the drafts, which witness never saw. After- wards witness was in the room when Mr. Townsend signed the trust deed. Mr Norton was present at the time, of the execution of the will Mr. Townsend seemed to fully understand what he was about. He then prepared take his departure for England, and to arrange his affairs. He gave me a power of attorney about the time of his departure. I acted under it for three or four years, col- lecting his rents and remitting to him. " Against this very simple testimony of a valid execution of a valid will only four witnesses are examined for Mrs. Townsend, viz , Dr. Nathan and Dr. Macfarlane, Mr Rut- ledge, and Mrs Townsend herself, and three documents also put in evidence. First, Dr Nathan proves that he was medical attendant of Mr. and Mrs. Townsend, and saw Mr Townsend on 27th January, 1854, when he gave him a certificate of "ill-health, to enable him to obtain leave of absence. He was then labouring under great excite- ment—a kind of monomania. Although on some subjects he was sane, he was unsound with reference to his wife's chastity, &c.;, &c.; He was then delusions on that sub- ject. My last attendance was on January 18, 1854. As to all other subjects except this particular one relative to his wife, I considered him sound." Secondly. The evidence of Dr Macfarlane relates only to certain interviews which he had with Mr Townsend in 1856 and January, 1857, while Mr Townsend was at the Royal Hotel. Dr Macfarlane says—"Mr Townsend was very ex- cited and under an hallucination which became a delusion; He did not send for me; I don't recall what took place, or the subject of conversation; I think I spoke to him, and he spoke to me; on the next day I had another conversa- tion with him, at the same place; again on the 2nd; I don't recollect any particular subject; the last time I saw him was some time in January, when I had no conversa- tion with him; I sent up to say a gentleman wanted to see him, he came down, saw who it was, turned on his heel, and went upstairs; I was of opinion he was unmistakably insane , I think so on all subjects; I never knew him to be under any restraint, he consulted me in 1853 about himself, &c.; I endeavoured to disabuse his mind and suggested to consult another doctor—Dr Nathan; all his excitement had reference to his wife, in 1856 he never touched on the subject of his wife; I only considered him maniacal on the subject." Thirdly. The evidence of Mr. Rutledge, who had known Mr. Townsend since 1842, and Mrs Townsend also before her marriage, relates only generally to a variety of con- versation with Mr. Townsend, after the separation, and is to the effect that he did all he could, as a friend, to dis- abuse Mr Townsend's mind as to his wife's conduct, but he would stick to it: "He used to tell me all his affairs, but my impression was that he was not competent to manage his own affairs and I told so to many, my im- pression was altogether, and not specially, as to his wife; I fancy I saw him at the Royal Hotel in the latter part of 1854\. He showed no symptoms of insanity before marriage; but was a pleasant companion, &c.; was always hot- tempered, wrote a nice letter; was under impression people were watching him --- some of his wife's friends; she had many in the colony; he was too excited to manage his affairs; conversed sensibly relative to investments, he was a licensed surveyor, and about the highest on the list in those days; he was ill-tempered, and l am quite sure his wife was all she should be. Fourthly. Mrs. Townsend's evidence relates only to her own private conversations with her husband, in which he complained (without foundation, as she says) of her notic- ing gentlemen in the street, and of his suspicions of her being visited by other peopleof his not being noticed by his friends in the street, &c.;—Of his getting up at night to search the house—of his excited conduct after coming home from a club dinner—of his keeping loaded pistols, &c.;, but Mrs. Townsend's evidence contains no other fact of importance, and further than as before stated, as to Mr. Townsend's departure to England, and Mrs. Townsend's regularly writing to him, sending two photographs of her son, but never receiving any answer or acknowledgment from her husband. Mrs. Townsend also states that she has duly received her annuity of £300 a year from her hus- band's property from May, 1854, to the present time. She also says her husband was always very passionate before and after marriage, and irritable, very nervous - had a great affection for her. He showed himself jealous. He might have seen the persons in the street he spoke about. He was always capable of managing his own business. The two documents A and B put in as in Mr Town- send's handwriting, are produced from a bundle of papers given by him to Mr. Lewis Gordon just before he left this colony in 1854 and endorsed "not to be opened till after his death." These papers were unopened till recently by Mr. L. Gordon in Messrs. Stephen and Stephen's office, solicitors for Mrs. Townsend. These papers, though in Mr Townsend's handwriting, are without date, and unsigned by him, and full of erasures and obliterations. The first is headed in ink "Private memorandum," and in pencil, "Read it all through before you consult anyone, and be by yourself when you read it the first time." The second is headed "Memorandum for Mr. Dunsmuir." These papers both relate to the disputes between Mr. Townsend and his wife during the first few months of their marriage, with the names of persons and places, &c.;, and doubtless are a faithful picture of Mr Townsend's distress and agony at the view he took of his Wife's conduct. As Mr. Townsend is now dead, and all the details of these letters are altogether incapable either of refutation or of confirmation, they really only prove the sound wisdom of Dr Nathan's and Mr. Norton's advice, viz. that he should separate from his wife and settle his affairs and leave the colony. Under that good advice Mr. Townsend appears to have lived a happy life of fifteen or sixteen years in England; except with the visit to this colony in 1856, when Dr. Macfarlane made his extraordinary visits to him at the Royal Hotel. The only other document (C) produced by Mrs. Town- send relating to her husband is the copy of the information for Mr. Townsend to keep the peace against a Captain Burlton, dated 11th May, 1854, from which it appears that he had violently assaulted this Captain Burlton in the public streets, and with reference to Mrs. Townsend; and the magistrates bound him over in the usual way in £200 and two sureties of £100 for twelve months. Mrs. Townsends counsel endeavoured to compare this paltry evidence with the evidence given in the three cases of Waring v. Waring, 6 Moore's, P.C. 341 (1848); Smith v. Tebbutt 1 P. M. and D., 393 (1867); and Banks v. Good- fellow, 5 L. R. Q. B., 549 (1870). In the first of these cases it was clearly established that the testatrix was of unsound mind for some years, both before the will and after the will, viz.: from 1825 to 1834, by the long evidence of two doctors and other witnesses deposing to their constant interviews during all that period. The "delusions " also were upon matters of fact, clearly absurd and false; as that Lord Melbourne, Lord John Rus- sell, and Lord Lake had asked her hand in marriage, and were haunting her house, disguised as "fruit dealers;" and other delusions of the senses. The testatrix also was proved to use constantly the most disgusting language. Moreover the will itself disinherited her brother on the ground of his having ''turned Roman Catholic" which was quite untrue; and then the testatrix left all her pro- perty (£40,000) to a person altogether unknown to her, but whose name was the same as her own, and who ap- peared in the newspapers to have made a violent " Pro- testant speech" in Ireland. I certainly can see nothing in the present case to bring the evidence any way near the evidence in the case of Waring v. Waring. So, also, in the case of Smith v. Tebbutt, the delusions of Mrs. Thwaites were, that she herself was "with child for the Devil;" "that she was the Holy Ghost;" and that her doctor was "the Father;" that she saw arsenic swimming in her tea; that her "empty room was full of company," &c.; that at the end of five years she would have Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle, and many other frightful and absurd delusions of fact narrated from the lips of fourteen witnesses, and extending over all her conduct and conversations with her numerous friends and domestics from 1835 to 1864 (pp. 405, &c.;, &c.;); occupying nearly twenty pages of the report, and confirmed by many other witnesses and strangers outside the family. She also made the most extraordinary presents of money during her life out of a fortune left to her by her husband of "half a million of money; " among other gifts £2000 a year to her doctor, and other gifts amounting to £40,000 or £50,000 to the same doctor; and was proved, by this and other conduct, to be utterly incapable of managing her own affairs; and to be full of absurd, groundless, and ever vary- ing estrangements from her relations, and the will of the residue of this large properly being in favour of Dr. Smith and his relations was therefore set aside in favour of the next of kin of testatrix, her sister, and blood relations. I cer- tainly can find no similarity between the evidence in the present case and the evidence in Mrs. Townsend's one. Lastly, in Banks and Goodfellow, the only other case cited for Mrs. Townsend, the testator, though not found a lunatic, was confined for years in a lunatic asylum, believed that he was haunted by devils and evil spirits, &c.;, was under constant restraint between 1841 and 1863, and yet the will was maintained both by the jury and the full Court, being duly prepared by an attorney after testator's instructions, and the evidence considered, though on matters of fact, insufficient to overturn the will. It seems to see that even if Mr. Townsend had chosen voluntarily to separate himself from his wife altogether, without making any settlement upon her, and to execute the present will in favour of his sister and her children, the defendant's aggregate evidence would be quite ineffectual to establish Mr. Townsend's legal incapacity to make his will. But when the whole evidence is considered in con- nection with the testator's contemporaneous and very liberal settlement of £300 a year upon Mrs. Townsend out of his own property, retaining only about £200 a year for him self; and considering also the evidence of the will itself, and Mr. L. Gordon's testimony as to its preparation and execution before Mr. Norton and his clerk, I am sure that no jury could possibly overturn this will upon the evidence as it stands before me; nor do I think that any Judge of this Court would have ever sanctioned any interference with Mr. Townsend's liberty of action, either upon Dr. Nathan's , evidence in 1854, or Dr. Macfarlane's evidence in 1860; even if Mr. Townsend had accused her by word of mouth as guilty of all the misconduct imputed in the private memo- randa which have never seen the light till now, eighteen years after they were written, and when all the parties named, except Mrs. Townsend herself, are either dead or absent from the colony; and we have no means of ascer- taining whether surrounding circumstances and any trifling conduct of Mrs. Townsend's, or even frivolous behaviour without any moral guilt, may not have rendered separation the only proper course to adopt several months before the will and settlement; when all tendency to un- soundness of mind had passed away, leaving Mr. Town- send to execute, under Mr. Norton and Mr. Lewis Gordon's advice, the very liberal settlement of £300 a year on Mrs. Townsend; whereas she now seeks to obtain, after eighteen years' separation, the whole of her hus- band's property, for only one year's married life. Under these circumstances I am clearly of opinion that the present caveat ought to be dismissed, and probate granted with costs as against Mrs. Townsend. Of course I need scarcely add that I express no opinion whatever as to the grievous disputes between Mrs. Townsend and her husband, occurring in 1854; nor do I form any opinion whatever as to their mutual conduct in their rela- tion of husband and wife; except that I regret most deeply that after a separation for eighteen years, any wife should have given such evidence, equally of her most trivial con- versations and her most private conduct with her husband, merely to get at his property; and I regret also to say has ransacked his most secret papers for production in this Court; and for what object, except to attempt to prove --- at the cost of her only child—that his father—whose guiding care he never knew—ought to be considered (according to his mother's evidence) to have been a confirmed lunatic for the last sixteen years of his life. In conclusion, I should also mention, that, before the case was opened, I offered to grant issues for a jury, which was declined by the counsel for Mrs. Townsend. 