PERCY ANECDOTES. A Tale op Horiiob..— A gentleman named Leadbetter, a hop-merchant, resident in one ef the western counties, lad for manv years made a praotice of attending the great 6nnual affair at 'Weyhill, as a purchaser of the commodity in which he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion that he arrived at ihe inn to whichj he always went some hours later than usual; and on going into the house he learner! in -iis rotrrot fhnt Rn mnnh fiOTnnMlv had arrival! before him that every bed was engaged. Rather than go to any house to which he was a stranger, ho determined to nave a bed made upon some chairs in the travellers' room. Mrs. Symonds, the landlady, was about to carry this arrangement into effect when she happened to recolleot that were was an ostler's room in the yard, which possibly Mr. Leadbetter might prefer to sleeping in a room where he wenld be liable to be disturbed very early in the morn ing. To this the gentleman willingly acceded ; and after come Bhort time he passed up the gallery in the yard which led to the apartment, and retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden influence Boon to the weary traveller, and he reposed soundly, until a strange noise in the gallery which he had ascended roused him into sense again. The noise was that of an extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Leadbetter counted every step ; and, to his alarm, the sound increased, until the cause of it reached the door of his apartment. In an instant a tall and gaunt figure entered the room, with a candle in one hand, and a butcher's knife in the other. Mr. L. attempted to speak, but bis voice failed him, and the figure approached the bed. It shook the horror stricken man; then drew the knife several times across his own throat ; went to a table in the room, set down the light, and immediately quitted the place. Mr. Leadbetter began to breathe again ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that he must have been dreaming ; and yet : the caudle and candlestick on the table were no phantoms, they were palpable realities. He instantly rose with an intent to lock the door, but found that it was without lock or bolt, and that there was nothing else in the room but the bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on castors, he rolled it to the door, and thinking himself then tolerably safe from farther intrusion, he endeavoured to go to sleep again. But sleep would no more revisit his eyelids ; and he lay toEBiBg about until, in about an hour, he heard the same sounds which had before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, the door of his room, being pushed with great violence, his bed was rolled into the middle of the apartment, and again the horrid figure stood before him ! The faculties of speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook him again, with fierce gesticulation, and again drawing the knife across its throat, Mr. Leadbetter observed that marks of Mood were on the blade, which were not there before ! It then passed away from the room, and the remainder of Mr. Lcadbetter's Eense fled with it ; he swooned, and remained for some time insensible. As soon as he came to himself he put on bis clothes with the best speed his agitation would allow, and descended into the yard of the inn. In a stable there he saw a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing down some horses, to whom he communicated that some thing particular had happened, and that he must have Mr. and Mtb. Symonds called up immediately. The landlord came down ; and on expressing his apprehension that Mr. Leadbetter was very ill, as his looks seemed to indicate, was informed that indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that had happened to him. and concluded by ex pressing his firm conviction that some horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night. Mr. Symonds on hearing the tale was scarcely less alarmed than therelater. The house was quickly roused by the terrors of the host and hostess ; and the business of the fair was almost forgotten in the wonderjexcited by the story, which lost nothing by repetition to the several guests of the inn, as they successively inquired into the cause of the early disturbance. At eix o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had occupied, arrived from a lodging which he had got in the town, on being turned out of his usual bed Much pleasure was maxme&m; seeing hira;'jind on the story Being told him, 'Why,' said he, 'I'll lay my life I know the ghost very well ; it was the deaf and dumb fellow that comeB to help me to kill the pigs, and who always comes ud to my room to call me when we have one to kill « ' The murder was out ! It was indeed the deaf and dumb fellow who had made an appointment with the ostler to kill a pi? at four o'clock in the morning, and who, thinking the ostler lazy, had gone first to awaken him, and a second tune for the eame purpoBe, after he had stuck the pig. Advantage of Learning. — A gentleman telling Dr. Johnson that he had Been the learned pig, expressed him self astonished at his performances ; but at the same time Berry to consider the stripes which the animal must have suffered before he could nave been taught to observe closely, and obey implicitly, the signs given by bis master. ' Sir,' replied Johnson, ' I think your sorrow and pity are misplaced; the animal should rather excite your envy; as to his stripes, except stripes are inflicted on the boy, it is very rare that the man becomes eminently learned; and with regard to the pig, if you put his present happiness in opposition to his former Bufferings the balance will be in his favonr.' «i do not know,' replied the gentleman, what his happiness consists in ; I do not pee any happi ness that he can enjoy.' 'Not Bee what his happiness consists in ; you astonish me. Is not a consciousness of superior acquirements happiness ? Is not being the first of Jus race happinesB P But above all this, sir, conbider that «k- pig's learning has protracted his existence. Had he Been illiterate, he had long since been smoked into hams. roUed into collars of brawn, and consigned to the table of. r)nw-ta™«m8 citizen as the companion to a fillet of veal, «£? *;orfofr *wkey. Now he is visited by Hie phflosopher ?M the polituaan ; by the brave and by the beautiful ; by the scientific and the idle. He is gazed at with the eye of wonder; contemplated with the Bmile of approbation; and gratified with- the murmur of applause.' Silent Beggar.— In 1805, a man. well known by the same of Old Harry, died at Lytham, in Lancashire. Up wards of twenty years had elapsed since his first appearance at that place, and during an uninterrupted residence till his death, no account of his parentage, place of nativity, or occupation could ever be obtained from him. He was never known to crave charity, otherwise than by the silent mode of exposing himself to the view et such of the inhabitants as were accustomed to relieve his wants. His reason Beamed to have received a shock, from some cause or other, for at intervals he evinced a sound state of mind, both by his conversation and his accurate display of writing and arithmetic ; while at other times, he showed evident marks of a disordered imagination. He said he was bom in the year 1730, and would often gratify him self with talking about going to Beverley market. His dialect evidently eeemed to have been collected from that part of Yorkshire. He called himself Henry Stepheneon, and said he was a married man ; but here he would end his diEcouree ; his reflection seemed to recoil at every question relating to the connections of his youthful days, the endearing ties of conjugal affection, or the pleasing and domestio scenes which must have attended him in early life. Irish Knights. — Harwood, the Irish counsellor, pass ing through Drogheda goon after the numerous creation of peers in 1776, called upon his friend the mayor, who was by trade a grocer. ' How fares my old friend ? ' said the counsellor. ' Oh, never worse ! ' ' Why, what's the matter?' 'How shall I oversell my cheese and butter, now that the Duke of Dorset has made me a knight?'' ' Fooh .' pooh ! ' said Harwood, ' hold your tongue, you old fool. You are well off that he did not make you a lord !' 