SPORTING NOTES, By "Playboy." There was a. large attendance round Mr. Bowes's rostrum at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday last, the occasion being the sale of the late Mr. Austin's two-year- olds in training. As, however, most of our principal stables are full, there were few buyers present, the bidding for both oeing confined to two or three. Hercules, by Yat- tendon out of Nutcufc by Pitsford, the winner of the Two- vear-old Stakes on New Year's Day, was the first to be submitted. Although, owing to a slight accident which happened to him some few weeks ago, he liaB done little work lately, he appeared to be in fine condition and health, and looked every inch a racehorse. The first bid for him was 100 guineas, then 200 came from Mr. Martin ; this was capped with 50 guineas more by Mr. Dowling. After this 5-guinea bids came slowly from these two gentlemen, and finally he was knocked down to Mr.Dowling for 320 guineas, a cheap horse considering the high prices which lately have obtained for untried blood stock. How racing men can go and give 600 and 700 guineas for yearlings whose goodness is all a chance, and yet let a proved colt like Hercules, who only a couple of months ago defeated all the best of his year, is a mystery to me, and small en couragement to those breeders outside the magic circle. The Queen of Clubs, by Ace of Clubs out of Cleopatra, by Boiardo out of Ganymede (dam of old Flatcatcher), next called for attention. She was a great fine raking filly, apparently fit to run for a man's life ; and, as it has for some time back been currently reported that she was a superior animal to Hereules, one would have imagined that she would have been started at a figure some what higher than 50 guineas ; but so it was, and Messrs. Martin and Dowling again had all the fun to themselves. On this occasion the former gentlemsn lasted the longest and secured the cheapest bargain of the season for 150 guineas, and, as the filly's cbance for the Ascot Yale at the present appears to be a very good one, Mr. Martin should soon get back his purchase money with interest. The Woodstock yearlings under the charge of Cassidy, Mr. Hunter's stud groom, arrived from the farm on Saturday, and have taken up their quarters at Kirk's Bazaar, where for the last few days they have been the observed of all observers. They are certainly a very fine sample of well- grown yearungs in goou saieaoie conuraon, ana Peter Wilkins has made the most of the chance Mr. Hunter afforded him two years ago, when he allowed him a season among his many first-class mares, and has conclusively shown that if his get have up to this time failed to make a name for themselves, the fault lies more with the quality of the mares with which he has been mated, than in the want of any inherent goodness in himself. That game little racehorse, Flying Dutchman, however, is a credit to any sire, and if next week he should chance to pull off the Australian Cup it should lend additional value to these young sters. Perhaps one of the finest yearlings seen this season is the colt No. 1 on the list out of Juliet, dam of Charon, Capulet, Ragpicker, and Sylvia. Take him any way you like it is hard to pick a fault with him, and I should not be at all surprised to see him fetch the highest price of the season. Omen's colt is rather plain, but has many fine galloping points which will recommend him to racing men. The fillies out of the two Warhawk mares, If and Mavourneen, also give promise of turning out clinkers, as does the one out of the imported mare Rosemary, which, however, is on a smaller scale than the other two. Presumption, out of Audacity, shows more quality than the generality of that mare's produce, and whem one remembers the many good two- year-olds that she is dam to, it is impossible to believe that this her latest production will not also turn out a flyer. The rest are all good, aiad it is such a ticklish matter choosing amongst babies, asd opinions so vary, that it is almost impossible to tell which will bring most grist to the mill during their racing career. Nevertheless, I shall be very much mistaken if the colt out of Juliet, and the fihies ottt of If and Mavourneen, do not turn out diamonds of the first water. Intending pur chasers should not forget that Peter Wilkins is full brother to Rose de Florence (dam of Ferry- l Wh MMAbyrnoug, Feaeila, and Ring of tfie i' : r . Bing), and that blood is sure to tell in the long IUB is not likely that I .hall have ejpportn. nity of addressing my readers again _ Australian Cap i. run, eo I may as well gi this week the benefit ot my observations anent this the next big event to be decided. £ by the support awarded to Mermaid an y g Dutchman, one would imagine that ere was nothing else in the race but these two. Roth, apparently, have been especially reserve or- is race, and both are remarkably .well m, an- e only question at present seems to be as to whic is the best of the two. I cannot believe that these horses have this season run up o their true form, so will say nothing a® to their previous performances. Suffice it that Mermaid s doings last Autumn at Randwiek proved her to be one of the best pieces of stuff ever wrapped m hide, and also showed that weight was no object to her. Flying Dutchman has also often per formed more than creditably with a light weight, but bath fit and well, I cannot see that he has the ghost of a show with Mermaid. I shall not waste space by making remarks on all the candi dates, but will confine my attention to those whom I think have a chance with the two above mentioned. Glencoe. showed at Geelong that there was still life in a muscle, and I nave always upheld that this dangerous chesnat had no busi ness to be let in at such a light weight. Many people now seem to think that the old chesnut cannot stay the distance ; but in his palmy days Glencoe was able to go three iniles as well as one, and when I see him run the race he did at Gee long, it is quite enough to convince me that, if not quite his original self be is at all events suffi ciently near it to be more than dangerous for this race. Hamlet was always a .great favourite ofrmine, and I have seon him do so well of late, that I begin to think we will at last see this Autumn what this really great colt is made of. These four are all that I can at present se« in the Australian Cup. If I was only sure that Glencoe would run as kindly on the hard ground at Fle- mington as he did at Geelong, I would go for nothing else hut him, but as it is, I am obliged to couple him with Mermaid, who, it is said, will make her last appearance on the turf in this race, and therefore is not at all likely to disgrace her self. The Leger I look upon, now that Irish King is hors de combat as a " moral ' for the Prince of Denmark. The Ascot Yale Stakes has been deprived of mucb of its interest by the death of Capulet. As the colt out of Poetess has been thrown out of training, and Hereules can hardly be himself, the field at the present moment promises to be composed of Miss Walton, Yin Ordinaire, Queen of Clubs, Sunshine, Argus Scandal or King of the Ring, Hesperus, Blue Devils, King Tom or Yision. The finish should lie between Blue Devils, Argus Scandal, and Queen of Clubs, and I should not be at all sur prised to see them finish in the order I have written. The weights for the Autumn Handicap were only published on Monday evening, and owing to the new rule they are on such a high scale that it is hard to tell what will be what ; but should Mr. Dowling have got Cleolite into anything like the form she was in previous to the Melbourne Cup, she should be a right good thing, as the distance will about just suit her, Juanita, Detective, and Benjiroo appearing to me about the next best. At the present time of writing the entries for the other races have not yet been made, so I must reserve my remarks on these till next week. A great deal of uncalled for and bouncible talk was made over the sale of Detective after he won the Novel Race at Geelong iast Friday. The stewards were accused of "running " him for the sake of bringing grist to the mill, etc., etc. It has been the custom lately for persons to entek valuable horses for selling races at a low figure, in many instan'cos making the race a certainty, de nuding it of; all interest, and trusting to cajolery or otherwise to buy in their horse at little above the upset price As these selling races are not in tended forhoraes of a valuable class, unless they carry heavy weights, it is time something was done to put a stop to the practice ; and if the stewards c/hoose to run the risk of having the horse left on their hands, they have as much right to bid fori him as any other person. I have seen personal violence offered against persons for bid ding at fcEiese sales, and if the Y.R.C. were to adopt a/ rule disqualifying any owner, when it could b fe proved that either he or his agents used intimidation to prevent a bona tide sale, it would to a grfeat extent put a stop to a practice which is unfair Jto racing men, and to the club that gives the stak e.J Thfi death of Darkie the steeplechaser is much/ to be regretted, as he had ex hibited powers inferior to no horse that ever essay/ed the post-and-rail business in Yictoria. His career has been a short and a merry one, and the (ridiculous ease in which he galloped away from his oponents over the hurdle-race and steeplechase courses at Flemington shewed him . to Ie a horse of very high merit, and it is said, although he never attempted it in public, that be was as fast as most race- horses on the fiat. Darkie, after being skinned, was to have been buried close to where he fell, and his hide tanned, and " lockels " of hair were taken from his tail and mane by his admiring friends to be kept as mementoes/ V7hen the chief mourners at the funeral (Mi. Joseph Thompson and Mr. J. Wilson) arrived at i he scene of the accident next morning, however, jhey found the hide gone, and all his feet excepi the white one, someone having been beforehani wi la. them in their laudable in tentions. I statet last reek that Mr. Filgate's fine two- year- old illy Ca miet had again broken down, and that her racing i ays were over. The injury then sustained was fa mere serioys than was at first imagined, as it was discovered that she had broken tie tibia, <. r lower thigh-bone, extending from the stifle join" to the hock. The fracture was of nich a nature that recovery was impossible, and thf filly bad. tt be shot. The bone, which presented a mot extraordinary appearance, has been seat to Dr. Fit/gerald for his opinion ; and, although he '/ays no', I should say that it bad been cracked for some time, and was very probably origintlly cone, when she tried to jump the tan on New Year's Day. The filly was only cantering at the tiara the last accident happened on ground that was as smooth as a bowling green, when she sudden fell. On getting her home in a lorry, Mr. Rifwell, the veterinary surgeon, was sent for, an< once saw what was the matter, and pron Xmced the case hopelesB. The death of this filly a serious loss to Mr. Filiate and to the colon;, for she gave great promise of turning out a chpjer , her private trials excelling any previous perirrmances known on the turf; and her high eroding and grand appearance would huve made hfovalpabie as a brood mare ere be % eepifol ap|iorj3inity poking . . : :>Jt\ r up some bargains at the sale of Mr. Austin's stud on Monday next, which takes place at Barwon Park, under the hammer of Messrs. Powers and Rutherford. Amongst the brood mares there are Dora (dam of Druid, Lily, etc.), whose pedigree is undoubtedly good, combining very stout blood through Buffalo, Rory o' More, and Peter Fin ; Cleopatrftf by Boiardo out of thirty- game mare Bessy Bedlam, and dam pf tbe finp two-year-old filly bought on Monday by Mr. Martja Beeswing, by Cornborough ; Yictoria, by Rory J)'More ; and Baroness, as good a mare as was ever saddled, by Boiardo out of Ganymede (dam of Flat- catcher), by Rory o' More. There are sixteen lots of one, two, and three-year-old colts and fillies, by Panic, Boiardo, Maribvrnong. I understand that they are all in good condition, and will be sold without the slightest reserve. From a private letter received from Madras, I learn that our old friend Darkie has come to light again at the races lately held there, as he carried all before him, placing to his owner 8 credit the two great events of the meeting. It will be recollected that Darkie was purchased in Sydney by Mr. Yuille for Mr. Cleeland, of the Al bion hotel, who sent him to Ceylon two years agoj where shortly after his arrival he won eleven races right off the reel. Last year he bad comparatively a quiet time of it, but now he seems to be him self again. The conduct of two of the leading members of the ring on Thursday evening, at Mac's hotel, Geelong, is pretty severely commented on in racing circles. The two metallicians, feeling deeply the disqualification of Darkie in the Hurdle Race, made themselves most obnoxious and disagreeable by ranting against the stewards as a set of swindlers and thieves, and making use of many other un seemly epithets, to the disgust of the company present. If these gentlemen — save the mark ! — cannot behave as such, it is time they had a lesson taught them. They have no right to turn a public room — such as the one at Mac's — into a pandemonium, and drown conversation by their obscene language. They have no right to revile gentlemen who have undertaken the duties of stewards of racecourses, and who act with honour and impartiality — two attributes seemingly mis understood by these mighty wielders of the pencil. How would they look if the Geelong stewards re fused to recognise any entries from theoi in future, or even to admit them within the preeints of their racecourse ? They have a perfect right to do so, and, should they put their powers in force, there would be a pretty general opinion amongst both racing men and the outside public that such a decision would serve them right. The conditions of the two principal handicaps to be run at the Lancefield meeting on Thursday, the 4th April, are issued this week, and are framed on a very liberal scale. For the Town Plate of 20 sovs, one mile and a half, the nomina tion is only 1 sov, with an acceptance of half a sovereign. Forty sovs is added the Lancefield Handicap, for which 1 sov nomination and 1 sov acceptence is charged. Following so close as they do on the Kilmore, which is within easy distance, the Lancefield people should receive good entries for their races ; more especially as there is some probability of the railway being opened to Gil more before the meet ing comes off. Nominations for the handicaps must be made before 6 p.m on Monday, 18th March, addressed to the secretary, commercial Hotel, Lancefield. The weights will be declared in the WeeJciy Times and Leader of March 23 rd, and acceptances must be made on or before the 30th of March. Mr. N. R. D. Bond has been entrusted with the task of adjusting the weights. A portion of Mr. Phillips's yearlings arrived from Warrnambool by steamer yesterday after noon, and from the little I was able to see of them, seem a very fine lot, being well-grown and in good saleable condition. They will be on view at Kirk's Bazaar until the day of sale. The doings of Panic's stock the last two years should make these youngsters eagerly sought after by racing men, especially as the damB of most of them have good running blood in their veins. The entries for the Randwiek Autumn Meeting were telegraphed yesterday, and it will be seen that Yictoria will not be unrepresented after all, as Hamlet, Warrior, Lapdog, Flying Dutchman, Flying Scud, Misty Morn, as well as the two-year- olds Hercules, Blue Devils, King of the Ring, and Argus Scandal, have all signified their, inten tion of taking part in the great Sydney autumn festival. In the advertisement of the sale of thorough bred stock at Barwon Park on Monday next, the pedigree of lots 15 and 16 are wrongly de scribed. The dam, as there stated, of the two and three-year- old fillies, kas been dead these five years, and was owned by Mr. Win. Brown, who never sold her or her produce. These youngsters must be out of some other mare called MyBtery belonging to the late Mr. Austin, and it is just as well to mention the fact, as Mr. Brown's Mystery was one of the best mares ever bred in Tasmania ; and the pedigree, as given, may mis lead intending purchasers, and at same time might turn out a very awkward mistake to the sellers. Ayoca Ra.ce Meeting. — Nominations are to be made on Tuesday next, 5th inst., for the Avoca Shire Turf Club Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Town Plate. Mansfield Races. — W ednesdav next, tbe 6th inst., is the general entry day for this meeting. Ayenel Annual Races. — Nominations are to be made on ot before Thursday next, the 7th inst., for the Avenel Handicap, addressed to Mr. J. B. Scott, hon. secretary, Ayenel. Tasmania Turf Club. — Nominations are to be made on Thursday next, the 7th inst., for the Tasmanian Turf Club Derby of 1872. 