ODDS AND ENDS. ! Cunis of smoke.— False ringlets. ? ! A Tiohi Fit.— Delirium tremens. ....... . ; Maxims for Box-keepers. —Fee- ing is belibv ing. !.?,..-?? '.:''? ? -';'K . . , | A^ 'DBAwiHa'';I!ooar.— Tho apartment '.'of! a 'dentist.' ;.:..: ;. ; j '? ' ? .?'.'.' .':. ;? ^ YVHAX is ib waicn is DiaoK, wane, ana reaa ail over?— A newspaper. .-i, j A cook advertises for a situation, and 'adOs, ' No'bbjectionto dressing children.' Horrible ! , An old maid, speaking of marriage, says it is like any other diseaso, — while there s life there's hope. ????? ? . , ; ^ I Acoobdinci to Professor Levi, tho ' floating' canital wasted in producing and soiling fermented liquors in England is' 114 millions.1 -l ; The i Republicans are dead against monarebs, yet nearly all the pleasure -.they get they derive from three kings, viz. : Smo-king, drin-king, and talking. ??.... . , ; ' ? ' ' - An; American editor says he once par^ookrof a beverage so very. strong that he could not tpll whether it was brandy or a torchlight procession that' was going down 'his throat. ? ? -?? ! An enthusiastic Yankee editor, speaking' of a now prima donna, says: — 'Her voice is as soft as a roll of velvot, and as tender as a pair of slop shop pantaloons.' ' , i Something Wrono.— The papers state thatj a certain treasurer of a certain company, who has absconded with the f un da, is nori cst. It doesn't sound like an honest proceeding, though. ' ' ° 1 A friend of ours, who is a great Sabbat-anaH, and who on joys an airing along tho sea shoro,' says he lovoa to seo the- sea calm on a Sunday, he so dishke3 Sabbath breakers. . ' . , ' ! Platonic Poutics. — Plato gives the. best reason why Woman's Rights (should be conceded, and women bo admitted to power: Listen, dears, ?'Rulers should havo personal beauty. Kiss umsownold Punch. '.. An Aggravated CASE.—f/cad Keeper (to Under ditto)—' What d'jer want to: be walk ing on the lino for? Why, that there train inight'a' smashed yer to bits ! And master's gun in your band too !' , ; , A Woman in Indiana has sued ior a divorce on the ground that her husband, who was a widower, imposed on her by sonding her tho samo love fetters which ho bad used in his courtship with his first wife. A' female 'pussenob cullah' was askedafow days Bince why she never wore white, as black womon were generally fond of decking themselves allus thinks a; white dress makes a nigger look like a fly in a pan of , milk.' ! At a Now, Year's dinner an absent-minded guest rose and apologised for the bad cookery and poor wines, under the supposition that he was at his own tablo, to the great annoyance of his hostess, and the inexpressible 'indignation of his own wife. 'I ?, A Southern ;paper having'discussed the ques tion propounded by a Now York paper, 'Shall the next Pi-osident of the United States bo a woman.?1' concludes , aa .follows :— ' We norni-. nate Power's ' Greek Slave.' She has throe of tlio nnalifip.nl.ioiiK. at least — a. marblo brow, a finely chiselled noso, and a silent tongue.' 'Breaking tueIcb.' — Gentlemen (to pensive neighbor during the quarter of an hour before dinner) — ' Mies .Wilkinson, you loak sad. Per haps you're tired V lady— ' 0 no, thank you. ' Gentleman—' Or unwell ?' Lady—' 0 dear no. Gentleman (in desperation)— 'Thon— you must be hungry ?' . , ... : An old lady recently proffered money to a rail way guard; she was astonished to '^ see a pair of distended jaws thrust into the carriage and: hear a' hdarso whisper, ',Pufc it in my mouth, if ye plase, mum,' ' the man's handB being crossel behind Ms back, much to the edification of the inspector who promenaded the platform. '?' ..:?.,' .'??, ', , Julia Warp Howe, who having invited hbni \- Charles Sumner to meet Edwin Booth at' dinner^ and receiving his reply that his duty to the people, as a wliole, left him no time or inclination to recogniso individuals,- immediaicly wrote in her scrap book :— ' Wlien last heard from, the A [mighty had not arrived at this paint, ' '?. SpihiTPALisJi for Sailors. — Mr. Vcrnon Lushiugton, Permanent Secretary fo tho Admi raltv. fp»akiiiL' of that body of. naval ndmini.i tratorr, doubtfehs with knowledge and in since rity, calls it a 'Phantom Board. ' A Board of Phantoms may be said to be a Board of Ghosts, and such a Board, of Admiralty, sending British wamen afloat in. rotten Megceras, is a Board of Ghosts with power to add to their number. Practical Cihiistianity. — Mr. Spurgeon (the Nonconformist says)' tell? tho following story of the conversion of a tenant girl. When sho was asked, 'Are you converted ?' sho replied, ''I hope so, sir.' ' What makes you think that you are reahy a child of God 1' ' Well ',? sir, thesis agro«--cI)ariEoMri mo 'from what there used to be.' ^'Wbat is the change?' ' Idon'tknow;1 sir ; bit ibere is a change in all things. But thoro is ono thing, I alwayB sweep under the mats now.' * The Latest Mormon Difficult?.— The New York World Bays that polygamy among the Mor monB is being killed by dress. That the Mor mou patriarch cannot stand the exponse of sup plying the ladies of his family with the numerous and expensive articles of dress which tho rail road now brings in large quantities, to tempt the Mormon wives into fits of oxtravagance, which break their husband's purses, if not their hearts* — Galveston News. Yankee 'Cuteness.— Ono of the very best ' jokes we havo he9rJ for a long time is credited to an America: itor to England. 'Wall, Btrangor,' be is u :«d to have said, 'I guess that your English s ain't smart no how. If an American jury hau tried the Tichborne caser now, I'll tell you what they'd have done. They'd just have bought all the Tichborne bonds, and thon found a verdict for the plaintiff.' — Biiininp- havi Daily Mail. A statistical reporter watched whilo a thousand men passed a looking-glass used as a sign on the sidowalk in Broadway. Tho rosulti of nia obser vations Bhowcd that 999 mon glanced com placently at thoir imago as they passed. The othor man was blind. Four hundred and fifty two womon passed during tho samo hour and a half, and none of thorn looked in tho mirror— all of thorn being ongaged intently examining each other's appoarance and dress. Mm. Coffin, an iimnrnnf: tvifwniM Iinvinn ' como in for a heap of money, 'is enabled to koop a. footman. She has recently been to tho theatre, and has seon'thero that in the stngo drawing- room, stage foetmen nover bring notes in their hands. Her servant Thomas has juRt boon guilty of ao doing. Immediately sho draws horesolf up, and tries to look with Bolgravian hauteur on the. menial as sho observes, 'Thomas, I'm surprised at your bringing in a iioto liko that. In future al ways bring it on a saliva. ' A Business Gaud, — Tho Stark County (Ind.) Ledger welcomes a now corner to tho town of Knox after tbiB fashion :— Miss Botsy Opplobach intends locating in this place soon. She ;s intol ligont and_ handsome, and don't smoke, ehew tobacco, drink whisky, paint, f play sweet,' wear falso 'dumplings' or chignons — is opposed to woman suffrage, free love, and things that squeeze hor out of shape. She is not on the marry, and will ontorfcain no propositions. Her card announcing her biz' will appear in our columns whon she arrives. . ' Tub Value of the Sooikt? of Friends.— Ifc appears from the American papers that a move ment is on foot among tbo members of the Society of Friends in the United States to get. rid of some of tho peculiarities of their mode of wor ship. Tho New York Tribune regrets this. It says :—?' The very silence of their ancient meetings preached a rare sermon of submission to human brothorhood, and willingness to learn. Where, outside of a Quaker mooting, will, you find silence in the United States ? or a man who will bear contradiction in his opinions patioiitly for fifteen minutes?' ?''].. A western pout has forwarded to a Chicago nowspapor an epic on tho burning of Chicago which is introduced by tho following brilliant flash of geniuB : — , ' That night, a woman at tho hour of nino , Wont to a bira to milk a. cow ; and whoa Tho beast kicked o'er tho lamp, as savage kino - Will sometimes do, Itllt'tomo straw and boards ol V, pine.' '. '?'????. '', The nowspapor feels so excited at this outburst of local talent that it cheerfully offers to insert ia its obituary a ' free' notice of the poet's death ! ,A Repentant Husband and a Forgiving Wife. — Here's atruo tale of woe-:. all about a beautiful and abandoned wife in this city. She marriod a wretch who loved her money ? not wisely, but loo well. Whon ho got the money he loved somebody else, and departed for the ''roll ing prairies of tho mighty yf oat.' His earthly possessions were- burnt up ia the, Chicago firo, and then ho came back to Now York, and put up at tho Astor Houso without a cont in his pocket. Remorse seized him (it must have been remorae), and ascertaining the addressof his lawful partner, he thus wrote her : 'I am hero and penniless. Forgive the past and como to my arms again.' This is what aho wrote back : ' I'll come- as soon as I can; Excuse delay. I havo gone to havo a loaded head put on tho cano you left.', cHo didn't wait ! Remorse seized him again, and carried him off. Finis.— New York Commercial Advertiser. Sl'IRITB AT TUB SEWINO MACHINE. — At last spiritnalism has not only become a fact, but a most uaef ul fact. The Bpirits have boon made to work a sowing machine. Wo havo got the great 'new motivo power which wo have wanted so lonf;. Seekers for perpetual motion may now sot their 'minds at rest — for, of course, spirits can neyor grow tired— and Watt and Stophenson may h jdo their diminished heads. It ib all quite clear and straightforward. A few Sundays since, at the house of Mr. Stokes, in tho presenco of Mr. Homo, the medium, Miss Cook, Miss Rogers, Mr. Frank Everitt, and Mr. Bond, a sowing machine was made, by unseen hands, to ' work quickly and well.' ' On the work being arranged, tho spirits stitched along tho entire length of tho piece of calico which liad beou placed for them.' 'Aftor this wo confess all our doubts aro turned into warmest admiration and approval. We trust the Labor News will take up thesubject thoroughly and at once, and lot us know when and how wo can hiro ' a upirit ;' also what the eowing machine spirits charge por day for.coming to work, whether in addition to the usual 2s., which' wo trust they, will not exceed, they will require dinner and tea, and whothor thoy will condescend to dine in the housekeeper's room.— Echo. .; [ Josir Killings on Military Slang.—' A 8uck- cossful Rade '-—cutting oph a turnpike /within tho enema's lines, and bringing in a blind mule, and 2 niggers tu board. 'Reserv'dKorps'— this i take it moans our ophisers ; who die at tho tavern stands, and are stuffed, and cont homo tu berry. 'Bace of Suppliza — Unkle Samuel's pocket-book. ' Pickets '—these are surplus chaps, who are cent out tu borry turbacker, and to see if , the kussed rebels havo got onny pass. ' An Armistiso ' — giving the enema tu chances to git licked instead ovone. ' Miluara Htrat orgee' — trying to reduso a swamp by ketchiuc the'byiuB fever out ov it. ' Lite Hoss Calvary ' —picked men -who ride the hossts tu drink, when tha get thin. ' Rekrutin Ophisens '— indivi- duals who are cent into the rural districks, onja forlong, to rekruto— tfiomselves. '. Armeo Rashuna '—back pay, and preserved beef ! '? Qaartring on the Enemee ' — this phrazo is dofauktcd, bekazo its contraree ' :tu Hoyle.. 'War Hoops'— jest 'the things fur a' hot da; tbo injuna used tu ha* them. ' Corte Marshall'— where thatri the mis mender* out ov au ophiser. so that ho'll^ du to promoat. ' Forago Parteo '—them who goes out tokfctch aliatsack, and gits lost hv a forago ov freeze and haint been hord from sinse. '.Ontu Richmond '—that's tu say if *the kussed rebels will allow it. ' Parralel Lines '—aro them kind of lines that nover cuni' together. ' ' Militara Nb ccssita' — ten ophisers and a gallon ov -whisk L to every three privates. ' Onluco the Dogs ov War '—but muzzle the darn krittors ; if you don't somebody will get hurt. * ' War ot Extcrmina shuri,'— this phraso belongs holey, tu tho Kom missara Department. . 'Advance Gard'— this is a gard tha haytu^ hav in our army tu keep our fellero: from: pitch in tu the enma frontward?. ' ReroGard ' — this isa gard that havtu keep oar fellers, when they are surrounded, from pitching intu the enema backward. ' Awl quiet on the Potermuck '—thia shows what perfect Bubjekahua our fellers aro under. 