GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. A child was nearly poisoned recently in Adelaide, South Australia, by eating apricot kernels. Mr. Hartly Holmes, whilst on a coach between Mossgiel and Booligal, lately in a state of intoxi- cation, fell off and died. An alligator's nest has been discovered on Eighteen Mile Island, Fitzroy River, containing sixty-seven eggs. Mr. J. M. Thompson, who is known in Mel- bourne in connection with a steam traction engine for street traffic, died on Jan. 20, from disease of the brain and lungs. He had suffered great losses with the engine, and at one time threatened to commit suicide. A man named Cox, one of the tributers in the Newington Company's claim, Stawell, Victoria, was accidentally killed on Jan. 17, by about six tons of earth falling on him. The unfortunate man was frightfully crushed. There are only two gardens at Wentworth, and now that the fruit is ripe, it is said a nightly watch has to be kept over them, or otherwise the labors of the year would be lost by thefts. Various rumours are afloat as to the expense to which the country is put by a general election ; we ('Herald') are in a position to state that the entire cost of the last general election was under £5000. A shocking case of maternal cruelty has been discovered near Beechworth. It is stated that a woman named Emily Harris was drinking in the town, leaving her child, three years, locked up in a hut on the Chiltern Road for nearly three days without food before it was discovered by the police. The Border Chief has cleared for London with 2803 bales wool, 33 bales sheepskins, 4317 bags wheat, 279 cases tallow, 86 casks butter, 120 cases preserved meat, 49 cases pearl shell, &c.; The Upper Hunter 'Courier' states that as Mr. Johnston, of Aberdeen, was sitting at the window of his house on Saturday week, a flash of lightning struck the roof of the building, broke three panes of glass, one immediately on each side and one above him, leaving the centre and the sitter intact. A number of shingles were torn from the roof, and some other damage done. The 'Albury Banner' relates that a Chinaman travelling across the bridge into Victoria with a cartload of cabbages, was the first individual who felt the reimposition of the Border duties on Thursday last. On being stopped by the officer, John naturally looked upon the affair as an act of intended highway robbery, and there was some little trouble in undeceiving him. The Treasury of Victoria was enriched by the sum of 9d. or so from a pro rata assessment upon these historical vegetables. Rosetta Coombs, a domestic servant in the employ of Mr. W. Crozies, at Moutherie, on the Murray, below Wentworth, died recently from exhaustion, caused by the heat of the weather and physical exertion in the performance of her duties. Between 9 and 10 o'clock last Tuesday night, a man whose name is supposed to be Vincent, was fishing at Walker's Wharf, Sydney, when a splash was heard and he was observed struggling in the water. His body was shortly afterwards recovered by some of the crew of the Alexandra (s.). Dr Hamilton was sent for, but life was found to be extinct. The body is now in the dead house, Circular Quay, awaiting identification. On Thursday, a settler, named George Civill, living at Lake Albert, near Wagga Wagga, called upon us ('Goulburn Herald') with lavender-water for sale. He informs us that he has 5 acres of land on which he cultivates lavender, and from the flower distills the perfume. Next season he ex- pects to have eight acres under cultivation for the same purpose. The bottles are what are termed eight-ounce bottles, and they are sold at 24s per dozen. A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of the 8th January, "about 9 o'clock, as the Rev Mr Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr Hughes's daughters was driving towards Millhaven, when opposite Mr Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, ' Dear me, what was that ?' Mr Bayley endeavored to pull the horse up ; but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven." In a series of articles on the successful men of Victoria, the 'Leader' introduces Mr. J. F. Clarke, and observes :—"It is impossible to form an exact estimate of Mr. Clarke's wealth, but he must be worth at least two millions sterling. His landed property consists of 120,000 acres in Vic- toria, 50,000 in Tasmania, 75,000 in South Australia, and 45,000 in New Zealand. He has valuable town properties in Collins-street, Emerald-hill, and East Melbourne. He owns 15,000 shares in the Colonial Bank, and he has a large number of shares in other banks, gas and insurance companies, besides large sums lent out on mortgage. His brother Lewis died some years ago, and the whole of the vast property accumu- lated by Mr. Clarke will be inherited by his three sons, William Clarke, of Sanbury ; Thomas Biggs Clarke, of Quorn Hall, Tasmania ; and Joseph Clarke, of Norton Mandeville. On Sunday last, a gallant rescue of a young companion at Manly, was made by Master Daniel Davis, 12 years of age, a son of the Jewish Rabbi. At about half-past 10 o'clock in the morning Master Davis was sitting, with another boy named Williamson, on a plank which rested on the steamers' wharf. This plank, which partially overhung the water, becoming overbalanced, fell with both boys into the harbour, Williamson in his struggles was carried away, and being unable to swim, would in all probability have been drowned had it not been that Davis made off to his assistance, and succeeded in bringing him to the shore. There was no person close to the lads at the time of the occurrence. An old man left Kerarbury station some weeks back (says the 'Hay Standard'). He intended to go to Dubbo to spend his Christmas ; after camping a short distance from the home station, he left next morning to pursue his journey, but instead of taking the road up the river, he un- fortunately took a less frequented track, which led him out to the back of the run. His water failed him, and it is supposed being unable, through the excessive heat, and his advanced years, to retrace his steps, he lay down and perished. Had he been able to go but half a mile further he would have found water. There was nothing on his person to indicate who he was. His remains were buried in the place where they were found. A telegram in Wednesday's 'Empire' from Cardwell, says :— H.M.S. Basilisk, Captain Moresby, reports boarding a schooner of about forty tons, on the 5th instant, off this port. She proved to be a kidnapping vessel from the South Sea Islands, in a water-logged condition, from the sea breaking over her. Fourteen natives, in various states of starvation, were found on board, with three dead bodies. The white crew had either deserted her or had been murdered by the natives. The schooner was completely gutted, and no clue whatever could be discovered of her name or owners. All well on board the Basilisk. About midday on Saturday John Bergin, a porter in the wholesale store of Messrs W. Perry and Co., drapers, off King-street, near George- street, Sydney, received injuries by the falling of a case upon him, which had a fatal termination. The firm had procured a new hoist, which was being tried at the time the accident occurred. Bergin had fastened a case of drapery to the hoist, which is in the interior of the building. When it had been raised a few feet above the ground it fell out of the slings on to Bergin, who was at the time underneath looking upwards to see how the hoist worked. It broke several of his ribs, and one of the shoulder bones, besides causing severe internal injuries, which had the unfortu- nate result above mentioned. He was speedily removed to the Infirmary, where death took place on Sunday. Bergin was about fifty years of age. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— About a quarter-past 3 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon a man named James Thompson, lodging at 195, Castlereagh- street, between Market and King streets, attempted to committ suicide by discharging a revolver, the contents of which were lodged in his left side. The attempt was made by Thompson in his bedroom. The sound caused by the dis- charge of the firearm induced some of those residing in the house to go to his room, where they found him lying on the floor. The alarm was given, the police were communicated with, and constable Knighland put him in a cab, and took him to the Infirmary, where he was handed over to the care of Dr. Markey, the house surgeon On being removed from the house in Castlereagh- stereet, Thompson was perfectly concious ; and inquired of a servant what had become of his revolver. He arrived in Sydney from the country but recently. He had been, it is believed, employed as a workman about a station. He is a single man, and it is believed has no friends in Sydney. He is stated to have shown no symptoms of insanity during the time he had been lodging in Castlereagh-street ; but is reported to have been melancholy. He does not appear to have been in embarrassed circumstances, the police having found in his possession over £50. He is not expected to recover. The wound has, it is con- jectured, entered the lungs. The revolver made use of by Thompson was new. It had apparently been recently purchased.—'Herald.' POLITICAL.— A rumor has been current in New- castle that Dr. Bowker will be requested to con- test the representation of the city with Mr. G. A. Lloyd ; and that Mr. A. A. P. Tighe will oppose Dr. Brookes for Northumberland. A preliminary meeting of the friends and supportets of Mr. G. A. Lloyd, was held at the Great Northern Hotel, for the purpose of appointing a committee to carry out any arrangements necessary in connection with the forthcoming election. The attendance was numerous. Motions were unanimously passed expressive of confidence in Mr. Lloyd as represen- tative of the city, and a desire that he will permit himself to be nominated for re-election. SUICIDE IN HYDE PARK.— Shortly before 7 o'clock on Tuesday evening, a young man, name unknown, shot himself through the mouth in Hyde Park, opposite the belfry tower of St. Mary's, with a pistol. Two men who were sitting on a seat in the Park some distance off heard a noise which they at first conjectured had been caused by some one bursting a paper bag which had previously been filled with wind. Seeing smoke arise they changed their opinion, and went to the spot from whence it appeared to proceed, and there saw the body of a man extended on the ground, with a pistol in the right hand resting by his side. Information having been given of the discovery to the police, constable Walker was quickly in attendance and removed the man, who was in a state of unconsciousness, to the Infirmary, where death resulted about twenty minutes past 10 o'clock at night. The body is that of a young man between twenty and thirty years of age. It is respectably dressed. The boots worn by deceased are apparently new. The body is that of a man about five feet six inches in height, with dark whiskers and moustache. The police, it is believed, have ascertained that a German answering the description of the man who shot himself purchasad a pistol at the gunsmith's some time on Monday. CRUELTY TO A CHILD.— A coarse, ill-natured looking woman, named Mrs. Rees, the wife of a lumper living at Sandridge, was seen beating her child, a girl about seven years old, in a most brutal manner. Not contented with beating her violently, the unnatural mother got the child down, and was pressing her knees on her chest, when some of the neighbours interfered. The child was in a very exhausted state, she could not stand, and seemed to have received some internal injury, as she could not draw her breath. As it was feared the mother might again ill-use the child, the police took charge of and conveyed her to the Melbourne Hospital, into which she was admitted, but where the injuries were not looked upon as serious.—'Melbourne Argus.' ROBBERY AND GARROTING.— An old man whose name is unknown, gave information to the police, that on Saturday night he was robbed by two men, of £330, £260 of which was in £10 notes, and the rest in £5 notes. From his statement it appears that he only came from the country on Saturday, for the purpose of banking his cash but hearing that he was too late for the bank, called into a certain public-house, where he invited two persons to partake of some refreshment, who after freely in- dulging, took advantage to notice that the old man changed a £5 note, and after reaching the street they garrotted their victim, and decamped with the whole of his money ; not, however, without leaving him with a fearfully disfigured face.— ' Empire.' REMARKABLE OCCURRENCE.— Echuca had an escape from a fire last week under circumstances that are very curious. A workman says the ' Daily Telegraph,' employed by Mr. Rogers, tin- smith, was engaged in making some zinc tanks, one of which he left in an unfinished state, and standing upon a door. The cylinder portion of the tank only was completed, and bottomless as it stood the bright inside zinc so powerfully reflected the sun's rays that the concentrated heat speedily set fire to and burned a large hole in the door. To test the matter further, the portion of the tank was replaced in the same position, and a piece of glazed lining laid over the board on which it stood, when in a few seconds was entirely consumed. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— On last Saturday morn- ing a blind man named James Smith, a woodcutter by trade, attempted to destroy himself by cutting his throat with a penknife. It appears that Smith who is about forty-five years of age, resides with his wife and children (the latter selling through the streets of the city the wood cut by their father), at No. 30, Crown-lane, off South Head road. On Friday night Smith went to bed on a sofa in a downstairs room, while the other members of the family slept upstairs. Early on Saturday morning he was discovered lying in a shed attached to the house, a pool of blood being round his head, and evidently in a state of extreme exhaustion. Injuries were observed on his throat, and messen- gers were dispatched for medical assistance. Drs. Day and Pattison were soon in attendance, and one of them sewed up the wound. Dr Spencer afterwards arrived. The wife states that Smith, who had been in ill health for some weeks past, had, during the past few days, been depressed in mind through his illness, combined with the loss of sight, preventing him from laboring towards the support of his family, as he wished to do. He was formerly a master mariner, but for nearly twenty years he has been afflicted with blindness. He was a man of very temperate habits. His medical attendants hold out hopes of his ultimate recovery. —'Herald.' CAUTION TO EMIGRANTS TO FIJI.— People who are about to visit Fiji as employes will hesitate ere they finally decide, when they consider the following circumstances :— Three persons were engaged in Sydney for a particular trade, and signed agreements that were duly witnessed. They proceeded to Fiji, and on arrival they at once went to work for the person to whom they were sent. At the end of the week, as a matter of course the men wanted their wages, but on appli- cation the employer said he had no money, and he should not adhere to the agreement entered into ; they were to be paid so much per day, but he insisted on their taking piecework, to this the men would not consent, as only a small portion of their time would be occupied, and thus their earnings would not pay for board and lodging — which, by the way, was to be found them in addition to their wages. No arrangement was come to, and their employer told them to get what remedy they could. The matter was laid before the British Consul, who said that nothing could be done in the matter ; there was no law to redress the grievance. Our informant states that in Fiji law and order are a perfect sham ; that people carry revolvers, and take out of limbo their friends by overpowering the native sentry and destroying the lockup.—'Herald.' THE MARKET FOR COLONIAL PRODUCE.— Aus- tralian produce of every description is in good favor in the English markets. Wool of course takes first place in this respect. Preserved meat is in high favor. It is to be met with in almost every village and town in the kingdom, and is a regular article of sale. One shopkeeper of Liver- pool reports his sale as reaching £100 per week. First hands can quit their parcels before they arrive, and altogether quite a favorable feeling is observed everywhere. It is now a regular article of consumption in many private families, and even paupers and prisoners are content to acknowledge its excellence. Great things are hoped from the shipments of butter now due, and from 75s to 80s is now obtained for good samples. If proper care be taken in classing and packing — care being taken also that it is not exposed to the sun before ship- ment — their is no reason why Australian butter should not realize 100s to 120s per cwt. That price is indeed often obtained for it now, but only for the poorer parcels after they have been man- ipulated by the butter manufacturers of Holland and elsewhere. The making of condensed milk should attract attention in Australia, particularly in Tasmania. The process of making is simple, and the market for it here constant, and constantly increasing. 