THE NEWS OF THE DAY. As his Excellency the Governor intends at once returning to Beleura for a short stay, a meeting of the Executive Council was held yesterday for the transaction of certain routine business. We understand that there is but slight probability of the Ministry accepting the in- vitation forwarded to them from the resi- dents of Sale, Gipps Land. Their engage ments are so numerous prior to the assembling of Parliament, and the work of preparing for the session is so heavy, that it is im possible for the members of tho Ministry to visit this part of the colony. A prompt investigation is to be made ioto thecauso of tho collision on the Victorian Railways yosterday, Mr. Lotigmore having appointed a board from among tho officials of the department, and these gentlemen will moot to-day for the purpose of taking evi dence. This courso has been adopted so that tho wholo matter shall be at once cleared up. Tho usual course of having a board appointed by tho Governor-in- Council to inquire into tho matter would have delayed the investi gation for a week or ton days. A numerously-signed memorial, praying for a commutation of tho sentonoe passed on Tuesday, by his Honor Sir Redmond Barry, on Capt. Collard, lato of the Sussex, was yesterday presented to the hon. tho Chief Secretary, by Capt. Coffey, with a request that the same might bo forwarded to his Excellency tho Governor. Mr. Duffy pro mised compliance with the request, but held out no hopos that tho prayer of the memorial would he granted. Wo learn that tho hon. Julius Vogel'B terms are so much higher than those pre viously offerod by Mr. Parkes on behalf of Mr. Ifall that there is no likelihood what ever of thoir aooeptoEoo. Mr. Hall only asked £10,000 as a subsidy if a branch ser- vioo were allowed, while for £20,000 ho was willing to mako Melbourne the tor- minus. Some inquiries havo been on foot as to whether tho members of the Diphtheria Commission would bo paid for their serviooB. Wo learn that tho work will be purely hono rary on tho part of tho members of tho commission, and no pay will bo attaohed to their position. The gentlemen engaged in searching into the charges made against a ticket clerk at Spencer-street station have a more arduous task than was at first expected would be the case. Already a mass of evidence has been taken, and the board will sit again on Friday. The board inquiring as to the alleged- mal practices of a certain bailiff will soon bring up a progress report. Their function, how- over, is not to end with this particular case, bnt tboy will examine as to the conduot and practioe of the whole of tho bailiff staff, and ascertain tbo origin and extent of the evils complained of in connebtion with this part of tho legal action of tho courts. It has frequently been asked of late who is to be the successor of Mr. Fehon as traffic superintendent of tho Victorian Railways, but nobody has yet been able to give any definite answer. Rumor, however, has it that the retirement of Mr. Fehon will cause considerable alterations in the personnel of the Railway department., and among other things that it will become necessary for one of the principal officials to resign his position — obtaining, of course, his retiring allowance as provided for in the Civil Service Act. The tendoney of the alterations will be the saving of a considerable sum of money to the colony annnally. Somo timo ago a Jboard was appointed to investigate certain charges againBt Mr. Hoskins, ono of the warders of tho Coburg Stockade. A further oharge has been now mado, and tho same board has boen re quested to inquire into it and to report to tho Chief Secretary their finding. The arrangements necessary for the con veyance to Moibourne of the numerous up country volunteers who aro expected to take part in tho Easter assemblage, are at present cugt08sing the attention of tho Railway au thorities. Yesterday afternoon Colonel An derson and Captain Stubbs had an interview with the hon. Mr. Longmore, and Mr. Fehon, traffio superintendent of the Victorian Rail ways. Nothing definite was however decided upon, but it is anticipated that tho wholo of tho arrangements will bo finally settlod this afternoon, and at once be mado public. Wo learn from the Ballarat Post that Hancock, who was found guilty of a cri minal assault upon his own daughter at Bal- larat, has been sentenced to death. The oese will be remitted to the Executive Council for finally determining whether the scntenoe'shall bo carried out. His Honor tho Chief Justice held out hopes of a com mutation. The oaso of Clarson v. Blair was com- menood in the Juries of Twelve Court yes terday. Mr. Clarson, of tho firm of Clarson and Massina, printers, and his wife, Mrs. Caroline Clarson, sue Mr. John Blair, eur- feon, of Collins-street cast, for £2060, amages for two indecent assaults on the female plaintiff, and for the false and mali cious publication of two disgraceful pictures of her. The defendant denies all tho allocations in tho declaration, and pleads not guilty. The examination in chief of Mrs. Clarson had not concluded when the court adjourned to this day. Tho Doolan family at Sandhurst havo been pretty well before tbo public of late, owing to tho heavy sentence passed upon one of the junior members of it at Sandhurst for bush- ranging ; another was drowned in tho re sorvo at Sandhurst ; and a third smitten with sunstroke. Now another of tho family has fallen into tho hands of the police. The youngest son, a boy about seven years of age, was arrested at Sandhurst on Tuesday on a charge of Btcaling a birdcage. The election of directors of the new South Melbourno Gas Company took place last evening, and resulted as follows : — Eme rald hill : Messrs. Page, Mills, and Danks ; Sandridgo : Messrs. Weatherston and Joyce. Tbo Ovens Spectator, 20th Fobruary, states that " the works of the third seotion of the North-Eastern Railway are now be ing vigorously pushed forward in the neighborhood of Wongaratta. Already a number of men aro employed throwing np the embankment between tho Ovens River and Reid's Crock. ThiB earthwork will in some instances bo fully twelve feet, and tho length will be about two miles," The Ballarat Courier, 2S!h Febrnsn, w'ltea :— Tho survey of tho new linS Hamilton is being rap:dly proceeded witk something like eight miles of cross sccS having been completed up to yesterdav i fresh survey party has been despatched & Burrombcot, and Mr. Wrixon, the heal the surveying staff, is still at Beaufort, wit), Mr. Higinbotham, considering as to a urn posed deviation nt that point " F A chargo has boon brought against Captab, Pain, of tho Dandonong Btean:ship of rT ning down a boat off tho lightship 'in nnh! son's Bay some days ago. It is alleged that the steamer hod no look-out forward Th investigation will take place at tho Cu-lm! House at two o'clock this day In reply to a deputation from Portland yesterday, tho Commissioner of Lauds said that ho regretted it was not in his power In rescrvo certain lands required for the n«a sosed railway to Portland, as somo of it had jeen sold. If tho deputation took steps tn havo tho land set apart ho would assht thorn. _ A meeting of tho council of tho Permii sivo Bill Association was hold ycstordivat tho offices, Collius-streot west Mr R 5 Tnglis occupied tho ohair, and there was « very large attendance of members Tholvll drafted by Messrs. Higinbotham and (W was brought up aud adopted, thocouncft agreomg unanimously to adhere to it in it, entirety. Mr. Goer was appointed collooto, to the oounoil, and Mr. Munn was requested to represent tho oounoil at tho forthcoinbs moeliug of the Ballarat association After somo routine business tho mooting sen rated. " Mr. William Moffatt, a brother of the late Mr. John Moffatt, arrived, yesterday bv tta steamship Northumberland, and ha/brouelt out two entire Clydesdales. Ono ia Ba Britain, six years old, and whioh bastwico takon tho prize at tho society's show in Scot, land ; the othor is a three-yoar-old, Conqueror, and gained the prize at tho hut year's show at Perthshire. There are also sir bulls and two heifers on board. All are in ei- cellent order. A nnmbor of high-bred' carrier pigeons have also arrived by the Northumberland, under tho oharge of Mr M. Thatcher. Ho has also brought out several robins, all in excellent feather. Tho following tenders woro yesterday ac cepted by tho horn tho President of the Board of Land and Works :— Works for Go- Melbourne, foundations, £75,/ C Cs. 10d., Kilgour and Rioh: ad! (ntton8 to public works office Mel. bourne, W. J. Carlelt, £67-1 10.; ad- (lltions to court honac J'. Milverton, £230; fencing GoVoreS printing office, Peter M'Cow.m. coloring, painting, &o.;, at judges' antereom and Crown prosecutors' rooms- Sup-erae Court, Melbourno, F. S. Sterling. £20" 10a supply of ladders for uso at tho Gcnoi-al Post Offioo, J. L. Bindon, £30 ; works at c"«tom house, Warrnambool, Krugorandothere £11" 18s. At tho opening of tho contracts for the foundations of tho Govornment Ho"ee y»- terday, Mr. Sinclair objected to any tend-u being dealt with, as tho date for rcceirtng tho tenders had been altered, as original!? announced in the Government Gazette Mr, O'Grady declined to consider tho objection. ' The arrangements for tho bonofit to Mr. Rogors's children aro now complete, and though Mr. Jockson has dcolincd to allow Mr. Rickards to Biug, fits? can bo no doubt that thoro will k a largo audience. We may mentia that the theatre has keen obtainod on mod equitable terms from Mr. Coppin, and that Messrs. Whitcman, Edwards, and Phippj will act as a committee to watoh the children's interests. Thcso gentlemen hue boen very earnestly at work oanvaesiog the city for support at tho benefit, and - they expeat a orowded house, As will be seen on roferonoo to our advertising oolumns, tho programme for tho evening ii an excellent one, inoluding the name of that old favorite of the Melbourno public, Mr, Barlow, of bluo tail fly colobrity- Mr- Coppin is to appear iu Milky White, in Craven's comedy, playing his old oharacter of Daniel, with tho familiar tag of "Who put that rat in my water butt?" But we are to have, besides, a variety of entertain ments, of whioh duo notice will bo given. It muBtnot bo forgotten that on this occasion Miss Ernatono makes her last appearance ia Melbourne. In about a month's timo tbo Vjotonaa j Woollen Factory, at Gcelong, will comiuonct / the making of broad oloth. ; England v. the Melbourno and Hobaoa's i Bay United Railway Company camo b«. f fore tho Juries of Twelve Court yesterday, | for assessment of damages. Tho plaintiff, j Mr. Alfred England, .sharehrokcr of Sand- f hnrst, -was a passenger by tho ' defendants' | Brighton train, into which ono of their I ongines ran on tho 12th September laat I near Jolimont. Two of the plaintiff's ribs I were broken, and ho was otherwise severely E shaken and braised, aud rendered incapable I of attending to his business for Bome dayi 1 He olaimod £5000 damages. The jury (j gave him a verdiot for £800. This looks something like a ghost story although it iB not one. A few days ago, two householders of East Collingwood -called upon Sorgeant Fenton, at the lock-up, each carrying a pockethandkerckief filled with ugly lumps of tduestono, intorspersod with I few iron nuts and suoh missiles. Onorf tho parties excitedly placed the parcels a the table, and informed the sorgeant tbat he and his oompanion were ratepayers, and : then wont on to say that they paid for polios protection, and now throw the responsibility on the police of preserving their lives and ; tho lives of their families from rampant, ; murdorous larrikins. Both of teem went to ; work at on early hour of tho morning, and returned at about fivo in tho ovemns. While they wero away, their wives and children wero positively afraid to stir out of the houses. Every now and again a great stone would como (lying into their yards without anybody being ablo to scowkereit came from. J.no wife would bo going ont to tho tap, and suddenly got a blow on the Bhouldcr, which wonld kill her if it was i little higher up. Hardly one of the chil dren in either house had escaped frambrnues through these stones and things, and the wonder was that nobody could see tbe throwers. It must bo the larrikins with their shanghais. Anyhow, unless something was done, thero would bo a death soon. Sorgeant Fenton, taking up ono of tbo tn- angular lumps of stone, observed that it could hardly have oorno out of a shanghai, being altogether too big, unless some new kind of oatapult had been invented. How ever, he promised to toll oil a constable in plain clothes to watch tho houses. This was done, and a constable lay in ambuh throughout a wholo day, but no stonos came. Ho saw a small boy shanghaing at a bird s considerable way off, and took bis name, much to th? little follcv/'s consternation, bet did net consider himself justified in captur ing him. The constablo was not sont after that day, but one of tho householders urns up to the police offioo with an astotnding pioca of information. Tho atone throwing had recommenced, and went on as mysteri ously as ever, nntil it come suddenly to m end this way. Ono of the daughters of bis neighbor came running into the house, cry ing out that another stono had como, and almost struck tho woman living next door, but only a moment or two elapsed when » neighbor rushed in to declare that heh» seen tho little girl, who was the bearer® the information, throw the stono herself- The truth was then discovered. Tbo gal having a grudge against the next door chil dren, had thrown tho stones, lnmps of u"t and other missiles, bestowing a fair ohw upon her own mother's yard to divert safi" cion. Such a villanous piece of malice, am carried out so cleverly by a child, 18 Bt often chronicled. It is quito a puzzle she could have managed to escape detcc-iw for several days as sko did, but of cojiw every one charged it to "thoBO larrikins. A proposal has been mado to the i Chief . Secretary for the compilation of auAnaa - Register for tho colony of Victoria J- , offer is under consideration, and further development. k A meeting of the committee oi tbe CeJo . . and Westorn District Railway Longa0, : hold last evening at at tho. town ball, w | long. Present — Mr. W. F. Ducksr ( mayor), and Messrs. A. C. M'Donitd. ; dismiss, and Whitehall. Tho rosiguatio ; Mossrs. Belcher and Stephen _n"cr ; coptod. Tho membors of the t - and district were elected ex ojicio of tho league. The Mayor, Messrs. Kernot, Darey, Whitebell, Gonnor, , Capt. Longden wore then elected of the executive committee. Mr. Daokcr, the meyor. was electcd treaBnrer, Mr A. 0. Maodr.nald was elected hon. sec. Tra Urn. The nueBtion of raising funds to carry oil tho movement was nndor discus sion when our report oloBod. At the meeting of the committee of tho Alfred Hospital yesterday afternoon, another letter was received from Mr. Wm. Anderson, iX collector for the Melbourne Hospital mitten in a more sousiblo strain than the nrecedinc one. Ho commenced by apologia- Sic for any eccentricities ho might have com mitted in his former letter, and excused himself for again addressing them, on tho ground of the importance or his subject. He dwelt at somo length upon his method of collecting subscriptions from tho working olasses by an organised system, and men tioned that the roult of eight weeks exer tions had boenthe realisation of a sum of £S4 Us. 9d., although there were two other collectors engaged besides. His intention had always boen that theso amounts, however small, should be acknowledged in the press, as an oncouragemout to tho donors, hut for somoreasonor other the committeeo. tho Mel- hourne Hospital had always neglected to do so. He saw no reason why thoso amounts should not bo acknowledged in tho same way as if they had been larger. " Oee is tempted to ask," said lie, " why a workman s gift of a shilling or half-crown should bo deemed un worthy of a full and hearty acknowledgment when we remember that a certain mite has been published for centuries, _ and will bo ad vertised while timo lasts in all countries, tangoes, and nations." The effect of this fine, flowing laDguago was to induco an opinion in the minds of some members of the committee that thero was something good in Mr. Anderson's idea. Mr. Robertson sug gested that tho method shadowed forth might ho adopted, ovon though they would not be inclined to employ the man. It was decided to acknowledge - the lottor with thanks. The other business was unim portant. _ _ A few of tho principal residents of Foots- cray met, last evening, in .the reading-room of the local mechanics' institute to tako Into consideration tho advisability of assist ing tho four B&llarat; miners now prospect ing for gold in the municipal gravel quarries, where gold has previously boen found on sevoral oooasions on the surface. The men, who were present, stated that they had reached adepth of 60 ft., and that tho indi cations for gold wore decidedly good. It was proposed and oarried that Mr. F. Humphrey act aB troasurer, when a sum of money was collected in tho room, and handed to him, by whom further subscriptions will bo thankfully received. Spiritism at Gaeloug does not seem suc cessful. Tho Advertiser of 28th February gives tho following description of a stance atGeelong, at which a professedly, eminent exponent of spiritism presided, as re lated by one of those present :- — " Tho chief spiritist, who had been staying at tho house of a convert for somo timo, > intimated his firm conviotion that on a certain evening tho spirits would make a grand manifestation. Some ton ladies'and gentlemen were invited to bo present, .and in due timo made their appearance. Conducted into an inner room, the lights wore turned out, for tho stance was to bo a dark one,' but ono of the ladies, who was tolerably soeptioil re specting tho powers of the ' disembodied,' took tho precaution to provido herself with a box of matches and a piece of oandlo. Everything being in readiness, the chief spiritist, in a solemn tone of voice, began to invoke the spirits. For about a quarter of an hoar he kopt calling without intermission, Oh ! spirits grant us a manifestation ! Oh ! spirits give us a manifestation !' Sevoral of the believers joined in the incant ation and groaned in unison. At length tho spirits did manifest themselves, but in a very disagreeablo manner, for two or threo handfuls of stonea and gravel were soattored about tho room. Shortly afterwards the fair oustodian of the oandlo and. matches got under tho table, which thereupon was made to rise and revolve in a very extra ordinary manner. Tho chief spiritist, somewhat alarmed at this development, sang out ' Cgh ! the spirits have come,' and simultaneously the individual who sup plied tho table with its motivo power, strik ing a light, exclaimed in tones of anger Now, we've had quite enough of this humbugging for ono night ; and you, sir,' — addressing tho prinoipal — 'had better clear out.' It will hardly be believed, but it is stated to havo been the case, that oven after this denouement sevoral of tho - com pany, before dispersing, gathered up the pebbles off tho floor, intending to keep them as mementos of spirit land." An agreeable change was furnished to tho patronB of tho opera last evening, in the per formance of tho Grand Duchess of Gerolstein, by the English members of tho company, with Miss Alioe May as the Grand DuohcBB. The attendance was very encouraging for the experiment of an English opera now and again, and probably we shall havo others brought out on Wednesdays and Fridaiys if tho season be prolonged. Miss May was heartily welcomed on making hor appear- anco last evening, and entered into tho part of the Grand Duchess, with hor usual vivacity. Mr. Rainford has improved with his General Boom since be was away in Tas mania ; and Mr. Lascclles, the original aiid only Prince Paul, so far as Melbourne is con cerned, dawd-lod. through the part in his un approachable fashion. Of oonrso Mr. Beau mont was soldier Fritz, The performance went brightly and merrily. This evening the Italians appear in Luoin. Philomel was repeated at the Royal last evening to an excellent house. Tho noting of Messrs. Collier, Lawrence, Appleton, and Roberts, and Miss. Ernstone was heartily enjoyed, and as the piece is to bo played for the last time this evening, those' who wish to see a really fino performance of a sterling drama should not miss the op portunity. " This evening a meeting takes place at tho York shire Arms Hotel, Wellington-street, Calling- wood, for the purpose of forming a now lodgo iu connection with tbo Order of St. Andrew, when candidates for enrolmout can join at tho reduced initiation fco. We observe that the secretary to the Society for tbo Prevention of Cruelty to Animals acknow ledges in this day's issue tbo receipt of several subscriptions to tbo fuud being raised to repay Mr. Mitchell, tho veterinary surgeon to the society, tho expenses incurred bykim in thocaso CoIclongU v. Mitchell. Br reference to our advertising columns it will be observed that an additional train will leave Melbourne for Hawthorn at 1.30 p.m., and Haw thorn for Melbourne at 1.15 p.m., on and after 1st March ; and that othor alterations of the tanning of trains on that line will tako place.,. 