THE ROYAL ,FJRE RELIEF1 FUND ,,;,, CRIOKET MATCH., ; / .The i promoters of the match between jtwo elevenB of the Theatre Royal, on, the Melbourne ground, in their work-a-day costumes, had, it may be presumed, little thought of the great success which waa to follow a happy idea hapjoily carried out. Outside the ring on , Saturday last was an enthusiastic crowd,., convulsed with laughter one minute, and the next watching tho phases of the match with brejith 1 *j ? a »__! _1__m!J nn 4lin ' nnmb less mteresi. iiau, buu^jiu »» «u» .. e?'' may appear on paper, it had its phases of intense interest to every, person Who witnessed it, whether he waa cricketer or whether he was muff. This was testified to by the ardent applause which waa accorded to various stages of the game, whioh will bo found duly recorded in their proper place. Inside were fifteon men; tnir teon clad in the gay garb which wants, distance or the footlights to give it its proper charm, and; all of them acting fully up to their lights the parts thoy woro for the nonce called on to sustain. ' ? The pavilion was turned for the nonce into a Richardson's booth. A visitor might fancy him flolf behind tho scenes of a theatre)' or among a company of strolling playera. Such thoy wore in fact. Tho actors took just the same paius in making up as they would have dono had they been going on the stage. Sitting upon the edge of a deal table, and looking anxiously out of a window to see how the amphitheatre filled, was the manager, got up for Paul Pry, with the inevitable broadbrim and pigtail, and the green um brella tucked, as by force of habit, under his arm. Dispersed about the greenroom might be seen the good humored ' Asa boy ;' Rascal Jack, in a sky blue satin jacket ; that cadaverous raven, the Apo thecary ; the jolly tar, Long Tom Coffin ; Rob Roy Mscgregor in his tartan; the Wolf, a fer ocious looking card in a broadbrimmed hat and flowing red cloak ; snaky Mr. Michael Feeney ; the ghostly Pierrot, with his hanging sleeves ; aud a number of others. The two little bunks of dressing-rooms are filled too. Here is a solemn gen tleman disinterring from a trunk the spangled tights of Harlequin, with which he is about to invest himBelf; while a Party by the Name of Johnson is standing before a bit of looking-glass, with his face awry,' and patting a fragment of whisker upon his cheek ; the which being done, he claps on sideways, a battered white hat, and draws back a step to contemplate the effect— a highly satisfactory one apparently. Before another scrap of looking- glass there is the Wolf back again, in order to give another tinge of vermillion to Ms countenance, which he does by rubbing his finger in some red pow der dropped on the floor for general conve nience. The Clown of the Christmas pantomime is just readv, looking rather ghastly by daylight, but practising a grin to the full approval of Pan taloon, who ia smoking a pipe. The bell rings, and all the motleys crowd to the door, out ? of which they, file before the people, who cheer each favorite as he emerges.' It was just like tho stage in front of a fair booth, as Paul Pry stood in the centre, with Cassio, Lord Dun dreary, Handy Andy, Captain Rolando, the Po liceman, Launcelot Qobbo, Claude Melnotte, and all the rest around. The bell rang, the overture was played, and amidst its strains out marched one of the elevens, followed by immense applauso and laughter, to take tho field. The only absentees ? wefo the ' darkiea who were put down as the Blooming Morning Glories. Salamander Sam fell sick, and the other Glory waa too modest to come without his mate. . Substitutes were provided for them in the persons of Claude Melnotte and the Bobby. The players did look strange as they spread over the green in the sunshine. ' The game was, of course, marked by innumerable incidents, and the hanky-panky which wa3 kept up proved highly amusing. The prompter's bell having rung, and the curtain having risen on the first. act, we will give the cast of the eleven whichi first took the field. Firstly trooped from the pavilion, ; linked by the inseparable tie which binds1 them.' in the dark scene, clown ^Mr. |G. Leopold), Harlequin (Mr. H. L9opbld)j and pan-, talooir (Mr. Sefton): They' all have their war.' palrit'on, and even in the bright glancing Bunlight make a very effective picture' from /the pavilion. ' There is the Usual bit of business in front of the gate, and then Mike Feeney (Mr. Milne) with menacing scowl passes on to his place in the field ; follows next with martial tread, arms folded, and dressed well enough to take1 the prize' at the next St. Andrew's show, ?Rob'Roy (Mr. R. W., Lawrence). Linked together in bonds ? of amity 'aro A Party of the Nameiof Johnson' (Grevillej, and Shakspeare's pallid-faced Apothecary (Mr;Q-. 'W. Collier), followed closely by rollicking, roaring Handy Andy(Mr. M. Ford^), the rear beingbrought up by: the orthodox Poliqe ;manX (Mr. Lester), with an ovidently keen desire ?to ?'? take' 'everybody in charge' who ' ;ia at all;' uproarious; In a ? line- with1 him walls the1 truculent Wolf, from The Flowers of the ? Foifest; and soldierly Claude-' Melnotte (.Mr. N. 'Douglas?) a long time after his return from the wars. Gauat Apothecary is' the captain, and he gets 'hiB men. in linos of ' so : many deep, taking the ball himself, the holders of the bat- being Launcelot G°DD0 ;'(Mr.i: J. Forde) and Long Tom (Mr. Rigby). Both of them are eager, anxious, and ? determined. The umpire gives the word to be off, and off it is with a vengeance. Tho two first men make a long— a remarkably long stand. They aro to gether by the clock exactly three minutes; but what matters it ? Much to their own surprise they have scored nine, the Apothecary having bowled two straight balls (greatly to every body's astonishment), he displaced two men of whom much was expected. Pierrot (Mr. Grist) come* along next, but dsspite his antics' \b soon dismissed ignominiously, Cassio haying been his vis-a-vis, and showing that during his retirement i in the Isle of Cyprus he picked up 'a few cricketing crumbs from Montano and the mad dogs of that sort, despite tho severe gash treachorous Iago dealt his leg. _ There is a buzz ' :of expectation! as Pierrot gets his notice to quit, for emerging from tho pavilion is seen the familiar ' figure of our old, old friend Paul Pry (Mr. Coppin). .'/I hopo I don't intrude,' becrie,s, and poking his ;umb,re0a nearly into. the umpire's eye. Being 'assured that ho does not, he proceeds to deposit ,l-is umbrella on the bowler's crease, to survoy the wickets, with his- eye-glass, and to take a .severe guard with the wrongs side of hia bat. It being pointed out to Paul that tbe bowling is at;his end, he retires, with an assevera tionjtbat he know he was intrudingjand Cassio hits the last ball of Handy Andy's over for one. Well, Cassio, getting a run, made Paul gallop with fantastic strides to tho other wickets, when he waa at once confronted by Handy 's twinkling eye. ' I've got yes my b'hoy.' he says to himself, ' ' and shuro I'll pay y o back for making tho public laugh more than ivir oi could do. ' And got him he had, sure enough ; gently through the air sped, the ball, lighting at tho very feet of the batsman about six inches to the leg. An unruly tuft of grass was in the way. Pry's bat was as straight as his umbrella, and an ominous sound was heard, wh^ch madehim mutter, f'l, thought I was intruding, .after all;' and,' amidst regrets on all hands, Fry retired. That Rascal l Jack (Mr. Dunn) now i appears on the scene, and, of course, is hilariously greeted by the crowd. Jock means business, and despite the factof his being-almost an octogenarian, shows a clean pair, of heels between the wickets, and , as Cassio .is -soon afterwards despatched by the Apothecary, Enoch Arden, i 1 Tho shipwrecked sailor waiting for a sail, - looking particularly fresh, and not a bit as if he. had done a Rip Van .WinkliBtj. twenty years butaide the Cat3kiiis, comes, in with a flourish o£ bugles,' arid a predetermination to give jthe Mantuan dealer in deleterious drugs and the Irish water jug breaker a bit of his mind. ' jHe set. about doing it in a most decided manner, hitting to the ? right ? and to the left in such vigorous style that tho .unfortunate Rascal was soon at bellows to mend,' and shortly .afterwards retired to the pavilion with a four, to 'his name. About this time Pantaloon wa3 discovered wan dering wearily, with glazed eye fixed on the clock, towards the pavilion, and it became evi dent, with his usual astuteness, that he desired to sneak off the ground for a drink. On the other aide of the field Policeman X was as certained to be making a nefarious attempt to get into conversation with a buxom cookof some thirty five summers. The stern voice of . their captain recalled them to thoir respective duties, and, with a regretful look, the Pantaloon brushed a fly oifhis noso, heaved a deep sigh . and wept bitterly — having concealed in nia pockot a convenient onion. Meanwhile the Skimmer of the Soas was making the ball feel vory soro about the seams, aud test ing Mike Fceney's power of vindictive endurance, his efforts being seconded by those of Pierrot (Mr. K. Douglass). Just as the runs were coming fast and thick, an incident happened which calls for record. The French clown hit a ball high up, to short leg, whichi a Party by the Name of Johnson, with the astuteness which carried him safely through the dangers of the Lancashire Lass, essayed to catch with his hat. Let all cricketers take note of the fact. The hat was a stage hat, and' of flimsy material. As a natural consequence, when the ball came down with a whack, and, like the invisible coin of Heller, passed through. the roof on to the ground, there was a great, ypll of laughter, and poor Johnson looked as if ; he could have eaten the whole field, Rob Roy and all. This worthy's stalwart limb's had been poised in picturesque attitude all through the match, just opposite £he pavilion. There they remained— exposed to the full'. fury of tho mild blast which blew from the north west. Why should we dilate on this inn ings, except to tell how Clown and Pan taloon—the bowling being all the time quite up to the mark of what was expected — took a spell, and how the latter fellod the timbers of Lord Dundreary (Mr. Stewart), who was made up as if he had just stepped from a band-box, and. who in an incongruous field looked as incongru ous as any one in it. Unfortunately he forgot to bring his Brother Sam with him— otherwise if ho had done so the result might have been different. As it was he only scored a unit. But. he was not satisfied with this ; he positively went to expostu late with Joey, and could only be removed from the field, first by the expostulations and at last the peremptory commands, of Policeman X. The last representative of the team was the melancholy Rolando (Mr. Appleton), who, having foregone kiu conclusions with regard to women,' has taken to cricket as a last resource. lie is about as great as tbe rest in this direction — more power to nun. For further particulars of this innings seo score. ? ? ; When the nextlot wereeottogether they scattered round the Merchant of Venice, as represented i by Bassanio and Launcelot Gobbo. Paul Pry was placed at short leg, where he took up his position with that celebrated umbrella, ready to do or die. Lord Dundreary played nowhere in particular, and near the fence generally. The Shipwrecked Sailor was very happy at mid-on on one side,, and. at somewhere on the others — where,_ wereally could not define; as we have said, the re3t scattered. The play was of the brilliant character expected from the winning team. Everybody was in the , place , ; where ho wasn't wanted, and everybody else was in every body 'else's way. ' It was a glorious scene. Such 1 a scene aa the ghost of Pinch or Fuller must per- ? force have delighted in. Cricket here wasplayed for the first time as it should be played. Witness themaghificent innings of a Party by the Name of ?Johnson, upheld as he wasthe..wholeiimeby the brandy flask ; witness the really brilliant fielding of Paul Pry at short leg, who' stopped every ball which came to him with his umbrella in a style which drew down thunders of applause. Here also for further particulars reference must be made to the score;- .' : ?? .* ? ??'n:\ ?-. ;???? ? u ? ' ?? j . We cannot close this brief and thoroughly, im partial notice without reference to one important subject— that iB. the utterly barefaced character of tho ' umpires proceedings. They were evi dently totally unfit for the post they held, and should never bo entrusted with a like responsi bility again. One of them' (out of respect to his feelings, we will not say which) actually had the temerity to no-ball feur separate 'times some! of the ; : bowlers for putting in a ? straight ball. It, is high : time, such proceedings': were put down with the Btrpng hand:. of the law; Noristhe conduct of the scorer, leas to bepiti^l. He. is past redemption, for lie did not keep an analysis of the bowling. .'. ;|. ,. ???!''? ', But that our space forbids, w could give an account of the' foot races. These were not neaily as good aa the crioket match, but'itoke' them'.' altogether they went fizzingly. -The.'' -whole 'eh-' tertainment will bear' repetition in' the suburbs and throughout the colony. Let us congratulate the public on the fact that a sum of over £200 has Deen realised] to the fund, and cordially cry —Bravo Melbourne ! ; , , ? ; Subjoined is the score :—:'? ??:.:,:. -. ? BASB.VNIO'S SIDE..,. ; . ; ,, : ? . Launcelot GobDo, b The Apocbecary...,. ' 5 '? Lour Tom Coffin, b The Apothecary' .,.. '4 ' '' Kamiall UTGrcgor, ruu out ....;..'. ,';i. 2' ( ? Eassanio, bTneApotnecaiy. .... .:;.;.;' 6' ! Paul Pry, b H*ndy Andy ? ,0 !? That Rascal Jack, b Handy Andy ,....,.. 4 ; Enoch -. rden, b Handy Andy ...... ;'; . i v. ' 24 . ! ; Pierrot, run out .............;',...;. ..:'.V 14 i Lord Dundreary, bPantnloon,. ?.;...., Vi-;; I' i ? AsaTrenchard, run out ........ ,....*... ..18' j RolaDdo, not out ...;..'..'.'... ,'.J;. ;'.'..... '6 i' . No balls.-.;. ? '»..'. ;.V.iv.'...i!.'i''r:;8- j :?;. ? '; '. ' ' V- ;:: ^:^i: THB APOTnEOARY'S «n)BM; . .. , j ;'? Clown, b Launcelot Qobbo ......,..?..-? ' '' P«ntal'on',b Launoelot Gobbo ....?..;.'.'.' ? ? j Harlequin, b Launcelot Gobbo ;;?.'.;%; 'ir.',' ??''? Handy Andy, b Launcelot Gobbo... ..-i.;.Y -8.. . Olaul Melnutto,c and b Bassanio.. ,.',.... 2, | J' A Party by ihenamool Johnaoh, b Lauti- . ,' j :-,? . colot Goubo ,..............,...',,. .i :.'?'? 7- i -i i Michael Peeney, runout....... .-. ......i.. .0' ; .- Pollcemau X, bBussanio. ............... ,.,, 3 '? Tho W611, notout .,.:..,. ? ?.'.,.'.'.'.*' ; .6' ' Rob Roy, b BaiwaiUe.. ..'..........,...,. '01 . TaoApothecMry, b Lord Dundreary .',.. 6 ' Byes, S; no ball, 1. ;..... ? 4 ? ' ~~t0 Yarra Bend v. Sunburt.— This match was played on Saturday at Sunbury. The scoring was not very high, owing to the good bowling on both sidea. Sunbury, having won the toss, elected to send thoir visitors to the wickets. The score for first innings stood — Yarra Bond, 86 ; Sunbury, 40\. In tho second innings Yarra Bend scored 46, and the Sunbury team were very confident ef quickly putting together tho small score necessary to win. They were, however, doomed .to disap pointment, and the . whole eleven retired for 3 runs off the bat and 7 sundries ; total, 10, the Bend winning the match by 31 runs. 