JOTTINGS FROM MY JOURNAL BY LIONEL HARDING. Moonta, Sunday morning. Bright and glorious is the scene this fair Sunday morning, the air soft and balmy, reminding me of spring time in my dear native country where the hops grow and the cherries and fillerts flourish, and the women are the fairest of all the fair one's of God's creation. Far away, some sixteen thousand miles or more (a little more or (ess as the lawyers have it) my fancy carries me across the sea to that garden of England, beautiful Kent. The church bells are ringing and throsgs of people well dress ed and seemingly happy and prosperous are flocking with their little ones to offer up their songs of prayer and praise to the Great Master of us all. Bright shines the sun upon us—the just and the unjust breathing life and joy and gladness upon the earth—and I ride away from Moonta down to the sea where that useful and sometimes destructive animal, the goat, flourishes prodiously. Surely never were so many goats seen as in the neighbour hood of Moonta, they are like the mud of Kadina, and are to be met with at every turn, they thrive, grow fat, and fulfil the great in junction to increase and multiply, and the bleesing is upou them, for they bring forth abundantly; and their young maidens grow up and iu the course of nature fall in iote, get married, bring forth prodigally—twins at every birth—and to judge by the look of the husbandB they are all happy and contented, which redounds greatly to their credit, and I respect them for it. The waves come rippling up breathing soft music, and like little JDombey—sick at heart with the pains and struggles of the world—I pick up shells and dream sweet dreams (in imagination) and listen to the mighty voice of the great ocean, and in my own peculiar way [ am as happy as a king. I wonder as I sit here, dreaming these dreams of the ol«i times, if the voices sounding in my ears now, (like Church bells) are harbingers of that great time when thousands upon thousands of my starving countrymen and countrywomen from the old country shall find out here, io this vast land, lbe comforts never known by them at home, I see vast tracts of fruitful land Btretching out on every side of me, and in years to come I see, in fancy, a modern Brighton, a Margate, and a Kamsgate; and as the waves come tumbling in I see a host of iittle children playing happily together, and I hear the refrain of their merry laugh ter, as it mingles with the dull music of the waves, and io my heart of heasts 1 say " God bless them 1" adding to my prayer for those yet unborn, the words of that great master writer who created " Tiny Tim * " God bless us all," said Tiny Tim, " God bless us every one." The church hells have stopped, and to tell the honest truth, Pm not sorry for it; there's not much music in them (in these colonies at the best of times), and they annoy me by their obstinate paraphrase of a sort of angry injunction " To come to. Church." i come back to Moonta from the modern Brighton—that is to be—and I lounge, as is my custom, among the people. They ar^ all coming out of church. I am glad to note that they have responded to the invitation of the bell, and that they look serene and happy after their devotions. I walk from Bignell'a Hotel (shut up religiously, because it's the Day of llest), and I fall into companionship with a cadaverous looking individual with a long hat, of the bell-topper school, aud a pair of boots of enormous dimensions. " A fine day, Sir,'' said he. " Beautiful," said I "Glorious country this for the working classes, Sir; and the raiu we have had lately will gladen the farmers' hearts." I told him I was glad of the rain on account of the farmers. There was a pause in our conversation. He was iutently gazing at his boots—my eyes were fixed on his. There was something so strange, and yet so honest, about the man, that 1 was in a certain way fascinated to.wards him; he was a sort of a fellow on whom " The light of other days" had evidently faded, so I shook hands with him, and asked hitu to drop iu and see me at my hotel. " I'll see you blowed first," said he; "I never go to hotel"." I respect every man for his opinions, so I asked him to make an appointment with me. ! " You are going down into the bowels of the earth,'' said he. " I heard you ma<ke au appointment to go down a copper mine to morrow. I'll meet you at the pit's mouth, and go down with you." I thanked him, and we parted company. There was something so remarkable about the man—so )woe-begone and broken- hearted —that he haunted me in my dreams that Sunday night; and when it came to pass that 1 did really, go down into the -bowels of the earth, alid s>aw the mighty wonders achieved by strong and willing bands, his image haunted me, and in my fancy I pictured the ghost of my cadaverous friend, with the elon gated hat, at every drive, and turn, and corner—a sort of spectre miner, whose gaunt image might appear to me at any moment, and make me—as the poet has it— "Shake and tremble in every nerve." And so I so back to my home, and the bells are ringing for Church again, and I look out upon the street when darkness comes, and I hear the sound of merry laughter, and plain ly distinguish the voice of my dilapidated friend—who never goes to hotels—singing We wont go home till morning, "We wont go home till morning, We wont go home till morning, Till daylight doth appear. I only hope he's got a true wife of the Saxon breed, and if he has, he'll never sing that re' frain agaio in the whole course of his life. 