~ sporting. .?! By' Old Jorrock's Ghost. ffho oncohraging way in which our 'Handicaps have1' been received hy tho sporting public line induced me to come out of myrshcil and assist, if I can, in making our nuxt. mooting n good otiedn every 6ens« (if the pliraso. Tho nrimbttrof nomin ations aent in up to Friday last lias surprised the most sanguine'; as the weights nro to be declared on next Friday evening, and as I purpose, for the ^guidance of the handicappers,. giving the perform ances of the horses entered in our two Handicaps 'for the' season, I will 'at once procood to business, ?and commence with tho first on tbc list, Viz.;;— ' RoYAL'LOj 4 YEARS. , Otthis colt I heard a great deal previous to his performance in- Brisbane:; but sinco He had to ? ? succumb. to Mr. Best's Chieftain, and only allow, ing tho lntter 9 lbs., 'his friends apparently 'had enough of him, for 1 find that after tho Brisbane Races lib whs taken home and not allowed to fulfil' his engagements at Ipswich ; Gympio is the next place where he is entrustod with his owner's colours, arid he will 'have to be a 'much-improved horse to win here at any weight. \- ; ? Fishhook, 1 ? Is so well-kuown to us all here, 'that I think it unnecessary to -say much about him j but I Would simply remark thut.it would bo unfair to. take his running here last Christmas as a crilorion of his ' performances. Ho is, at bis best, only a third-rate horse. In Brisbane bis best performance was running seoond to Tippler in the Selling Stakes 9 at. up. beating Confederate, Shamrock, and 'Others. He was, again brought out for the Albert 'Stakes, and with 8 st. 5 lbs. up ho was unable to secure a place, beirig beaten by Tippler, 8st. l*lb., Moonbeam, 8. st. 1 lb., and Carom, 8 st. 12 lbs. ? His next appearance was ntlpawich, wheredip jind to lower his colours to Confederate in the Prince ?of \Valea Stakes, allowing Confederate -3 lbs. Moonbeam, with 8 st. 11 lbs., ran a good race in tho second heat, Confederate, with 9 st, 8 lbs., only just managing to bent her. Grafton Does not appear to ho himself at nil this season, for if I bar his win in the Toowoomba Cup tho ?Other day, with tho very light weight of 7st. 7lbs., hisperformance has been wrbtched. In Brisbane he declinedto accept for the Handicap, being evi dently nfraid of tho Sydnoy cracks. At Ipswich, ho ran a poor racehorse ;.for in tho big Handicap, -2 miles, with -7 st. 7 IbR. he was nowhere; amongst those in front of him were Foam; 8 st., and 2J lbs. over, and Zanco, 8 st. 4 lbs. He next appeared nt Toowoomba, and was nowhere for the Stewards' Cap. with 7 st. 4 lbs., won by Grey skim,' '8-st. 10 lbs, Challenger, 7 st. 7 lbs., being ' also in front of him. For tho Toowoomba Oup ho 'was the'lightest weighted horse, with the exception -of Dandy, and 'just managed to get' in before ;Fonm, 8 st, 8 lbs,, Bishop (Foam's rider) evidently waiting too long. He declined to accept for the ;Forced Handicap, with 8 st. Judex 'Is another cracked up colt, end upon whom a few dollars have been dropped. His firsSt.'anpenrance 'this season was at Brisbane, whero he had to 'resign first position to Blaithwaite, 9 St. 4 lbs., for 'tho .Maiden 'Plate. 'Judex, '8 st. 3 lbs., wns made ?a great favorite for 'this rnee, and his defeat was attributed to his-jockey holding the other horses 'too cheap; lutt I again 'find him disputing the 'premiership with Blaithwaite at Ipswich for the ? Maiden Plate, whero ho was again disposed of, ' this timo running last, Blaithwaite allowing him a -stone and seven pounds. He afterwards appeared nt Toowoomba. ivheio lie was beaten for the -Maiden Plate, Blaithwaite and Flirtation running n dead heat; in tins race Blaithwaite allowed ?'Judex 2 st. 2 lbs. lie appears to have been more successful on- the off (third) day; for with 7 st. -up ho won tho Clifford Plate, 1 mile and a quarter, beaiing'Blaitliwaite, 8 st. 7 lbs., Premier, 8 st. -'-6 11)8., Greyskim, 8 st. 10. lbs., and others. This is the only win tliut this colt has -secured this seu oon, and how he managed it after bis previous 'wretched performances-! am at a loss to undor ? stand. 'However, ho has pionty of -timo to ?improve. ?Foam 'Is the'next one on the list, and .I would strongly advise the Handicappers to enquire into this ' mare's capabilities, and not handicap her accord ' ing to her performances iti Qneensland. Her first ?appearance was at Ipswich, where she -started for 'tho'two Hauriicaps. She was nowhere in either ; llie'rensoti of this circumstance I leave tho owner or rider to explain. In tho Ipswich Ilnndicap she ran last all the way, Greyskim winning with -8 st. 12 lbs.', or 10 lbs, more than Foam ;' Premier ?gave Iter 12 lbs. and a beating, yet in Toowoomba, ?when'Foam really rneed, she beat Premier easily, with only 2 lbs. in-hand. There is something in ?connection with this -mare's running in Qneens 'land thnt should be' carefully deliberated upon in -conbection with the Gympie Handicaps. Premier ?'Should, in 'my opinion, be dealt more 'liberally with than lie-has been of late. Tho weight was 'piled on him in' his young days, and Handicappers don't seem inclined to tnke'it off; there is conse ?quently a good chance for our Gympin Handicap ?perB to show others an example worthy of being followed. 'It is now somo time since tho old horse 'secured a win, still he is asked to sarry from 9 st. ?upwards in first- class 'fields. His beBt race this season appears to'havo been at Toowoomba, when he made it warmish for Grafton in the Cup. He carried 8 st. 10 lbs. The following is ri description of the race;*.—' Tho running was made by Premier, ?who maintained a strong .lead for tho first two ?miles, when Grafton went up nnd challenged him ' for the Rupremney, and eventually won a good race. Foam made a strong effort in the finish, but the steam was put on a littlo too late.' Foam was second. Blaithwaite Tins been'rttnning a good horse ; nsl have referred 'to this horse in connection with Judex, it is not ?necessnry'to give his Maiden Plate performances, -liis-best race, I think, was with Zanco, for the ?Ladies' Purse, at Ipswich, which ho won after a 'good race with Zanco ; weight for age. He also ? \\\yon the Corinthian Stakes at Toowoomba. Chieftain Will have to-be n much-improved colt, and will 'bave«to bedet in very light to be able to go to the front at nil. He certainly won the Craven Plate 'in Brisbane, '?but ho had n poor lot behind him. Greyskim ?Has also been running well this senson, and will, 'Under any -circumstances, provq u tough one to dispose of. Her first appearance wns nt Brisbane, ?when she wns. unable to get a .plnoe for tho ?Queensland Turf Club Handicap, carrying 8 st. -12 ll)B. On the second day she was more fortun ate, however, -securing third place for the Cup. giving the' Quack 6 lbs. and a beating. Her next performance was nt Ipswich, whero alio won the 'Ipswich Handicap, carrying 8 st. 3.2 lbs., Advonr 'turess, -7 st. 4 lbs., heiug-aeeond. She-was shortly nlterwnrds snddlnd'for the Forced Handicap, -and 'bent Confederate easily, with 6 lbs. to -spare. I next find 'her ut Toowoomba, Where She again carries her-oTvnef's colours to the front, winniu' the Stewards' Cup with '8 st. 10 lbs. up ; Zenobio' ;8 St., being second. For this event Foam was eeratohed a few minutes before the race, and her owner fined £2 in accordance with the rules. Greyskim started for tho Toowoomba Cup, carrying ?9 st. 7 lbs., bnt does not appear to have got to the . front at all. She wns also beaten for the 'Clifford Plate, with 8 st. 10 lbs. up. Adventuress Appears altogether out of form, and is not running up to her Sydney performance. She ran a fine race for the Flying Handicap, but was just beaten hy Index. ' On the third day she .stripped for the Free Handicap, mile, and won somewhat easily ; she carried 6 Bt. 3 lbs. ; behind her were Illumination, 7 st. 12 lbs.. The Count, 8 st., and Misty Morn, 8 st; She afterwards started first favorite for the Forced .Handicap, carrying 6 st. 10 lbs., but appears to have been tiOwhero ; the distance was the snmo as in the: Free: Handicap, and tho time not a second quicker. She was after wards purchased by Mr. Iyent of . Brisbane, whore she first .made her nppoarance in Queensland.: She d wns second in tho Queonsland Turf Club Hanoi- , capi 14 miles, carrying 7 st. 2 lbs;-; The Quack,' 8 st; 8 lbs., and Zanco, 7 st., running a.doad. heat ; behind her were Blaithwaite, )7 -vat, ,1 ;1b.y,;and . Greyskim, 8 at. 12 lbs. On the second- jlay she was nowhere for. the.Brlsbane Cup, with: 7 st.up. 1-next find her at Ipswich, where, with 7 Bt. 4 lbs., she was beaten by Greyskim, 8at. 12,lbs. At Too woomba she was no whero for the Stewards Oup, g at, Tho 6eoondday she wns tried for a spin for half a milo in tho Flying Hnndicnp. weight for age, but . was ngnin unnblo to seoure a place. She was let, in at 6 st. 4 lbs. for the Clifford Plate, but still .was oot'&ble; to go to the front. . r I' Moonbeam . ' Is entered for the District Plato, 'and although she much. belies her'Iooks, I cannot help thinking she is in too good company to distinguish horsell. I don't. wisli, of course, to bias the Handicap new. unfairly; but 'upon the facta they may depcud, and tlius they will hava little difficulty in bringing a good field to the post. ? ' . 