.THE EMLGKAXT DEPOT AT KEVT v :5 . YORK. .-.Thefoliowing will have an interest for all countries mfciY>duaii)g emigrants:-'^Tiio pre mises at-Castle Garden are well situated for the puqsKes ot-a'landing-place. for emigrants. To us. wl£arf> they ?are. ., brought directly, by bargeortug, and aru directed,. ushered, or rtriyen*ml<v theRotunda, a large roofed -en-' centre of the depot, about $>()feet high," capable, with the gal-]] leries;roimd,it,; of holding between four and fi ve thousand;people. The Rotunda is welt lighted arid ventilated, and in the winter woll warniedi;' There are separate eompart inents for English-speaking and other na tionalities, .rad the first thing the emigrant has to jlo is to pass along a narrow passage, betweoiv desks, to the Registering Depart ment, where his name, country, business, former residence, and destination are Liken down. I'assiugalonginsiugietHo, the emigrant reaches the office, that is to say, the desk of the railway companies. Here, at the lowest possible Kites, he can procure tickets to all parts of "the United States and Canada, and avoid .the chance of extortion so often met with outside the depot. In case emigrants wish to depart immediately, they and their baggage, labelled and checked, are conveyed by ferry-boat-a waiting-room for which is built on the wharf, out of which you walk 011 lo.tlie deck-«ud without any extra e.mrge, to the railroad or steamboat- depot. Having been registered, and having obtained his railway ticket (if needed), the emigrant is on the floor of the Rotunda, still locked however, by the high paling. On the walls he sees notices in nearly every Euro pean language, telling him of the Honey Exchange, the Postoffice, the Telegraph office, the Information and Letter writing unice, the Labor Exchange. Small handbills and cards of boarding honso keepers, and notices and cautions respecting sun-stroke, arc hung cn the pillars. A restaurant-bar furnishes him with plain, well-cooked food at reasonable , prices. He may also procure tobacco and ; cigars (the latter very vile, however), and pass the time away without fear of the order, " Put that pipe out," so often heard in Eugi.-oid. It he wishes to change his gold and silver into United Suites currency, he does so at the best advantage. To guard against the possibility of extortion, the market rates and the daily fluctuations of foreign exchange are marked on boards con spicuously placed, and the broker is required in. every cane to give a written memorandum in the emigrant's own iauiruage of the trans Action: He will find every convenience in the way of washing rooms, A:c. When all the passengers of the ship have been registered, an officer ascends a rostrum and calls out the names of those who have friends attending them in the waiting-room at the entrance of the depot, to whom they are greeted. At the same time he calls out the names of those for whom letters or funds are waiting. Emigrants may write letters or post them at the oftice, or, if unable to write, they are directed to the letter-writing depart ment, where clerks, understanding all the Continental languages, are in attendance. At the Telegraph-otlice he can send the news of his arrival to his friends. Missionaries and representatives of every religious body are admitted to the floor of the liotuuda whilst these proceedings go on. CURIOUS DISCOVERY AT POMPEII.-A curious discovery is suited to have been made at Poiminii. "-unely. " «'.>?»! bottle still full of oil. lhe liquid is to he analysed to ascertain its greater or less decree of preservation. FI'LMiXiTisE is the name of a new ex plosive. which is said to consist of a mixture of mtro-glyeerine and silicioua matter with 15 per cent, of a substance the composition of which is a secret, but which is dissipated as gas on ignition. A GHOST IN A COAL PIT.-The present tide of prosperity in the coal trade has been disturbed at the Broughton Colliery, near Wrexham, by the appearance of a ghost ill the underground workings, which has had the eli'ect of frightening some of the colliers from the pit. JTpne of the men profess to. having a sight of the spirit, who appears to have taken'up his abode- in this " v<u>iy deep,'' but they all confess t» having heard at times the most unearthly sounds, and when iliey proceed to search for the cause the .same noises are heard in quite an oppo site quarter. Th« fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to interfere consider ably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like sailors, are ex cessively superstitions on the ghost question. Li<iirr AXii LOVE.-A very interesting mar riage is anuouueed for the beginning of Sep tember, when Mdlle. Tamberlik, the daughter of the celebrated singer, will be united to the clever oculist, Dr. Xavier Galezowski. A short time back this young lady was sud denly stricken with blindness, and her father travelled from South America and thence aii over Europe, in order to consult the most famous specialists. Wherever he went he was greeted with the same answer, namely, that the young girl's affliction was incurable, but Galezowski, although he perceived the danger, attempted the operation with 3UCC6SS. FATAL ACCIDENT.-The Ballamt Star re ports:-A little girl named Donnelly, about seven years of ago, daughter of a farmer of thai- name, residing at Mount Prospect, met with a most, distressing accident oil Thurs day last, by which she lost her life. The mother of the child sent her after some cows ir.to an adjoining paddock, and in taking down the heavy slip panel it slipped, and, pinning her to the lower one, she was quickly Mi!f<'eaieu. The dead body of the poor child was u i found until some hours after the accident. A. PRHC.H-IOUS CRIMINAL.-Wo take the following from the A<jc:-" I hope that the next time 1 am convicted the jury will not recommend mo to mercy," said a youth on Thursday, named Thomas Cooper, upon being sentenced to four years' imprisonment, ivith hard labor, by his Honor the Chief Justice. The prisoner was a respectable and intelligent-looking lad, and doubtless if he had maintained a judicious silence with regard to his antecedents he might, have escaped with a much lighter punishment. He had beet! convicted of forgery and utter ing, and "U account of his youth re commended to mercy. When brought up for sentence Uo informed his Honor that, though previously convicted in Sandhurst on three charges, ;is the sentence for various periods of imprisonment were not cumulative, virtually he had been but once convicted. He expressed himself as anxious to get another chance, and produced some testimonials from friends of his familv, wiio he said were respectable. The perusal of the letters, and the particulars or the prisoner's previous delinquencies, tlits not appear to induce hi3 Houor to regard ti-.o premier's w«s more favorably. Having been subjected to a severe lecture. the Chief .lii.siice p;iisetl the sentence mentioned, evi dently t» the surprise and indignation of the prisoner. A Novelty at the Dundee Regatta was a race fur four-oared fishing yawls rowed by fisher trirls. The " Pet Lambs," wearing straw hats and striped bodices, who won the first prize at Broughty Ferry Regatta, won the race easily. Only another boat com peted. The rowing is said to hare been admirable. France smokes 294,000,000,000 cigarettes annually, at the rate of 9,323 every second. 