THE FRASER ISLAND ABORIGINAL MISSION. The following private letter (which we abridge) has been received from the Rev. E. Fuller, the missionary, at Fraser's Island, by a friend in Ipswich: Aboriginal Mission, Frseer's Island, August 15, 1872. Dear Mr. L,-I received your letter of July 11 all correct, and now I send you the information you require. As you perhaps are already aware, I started the mission at my own risk, cost, and responsibility. Leav ing Brisbane in a schooner, I made my way to Mary borough, and. after staying there about ten days (preaching missionary sermons, and making known my mission during my stay) I was, through the kind ness of Mr. Sheridan, conveyed in the pilot boat to Fraser's Island, and landed on the island on the 28th of October, 1870. For about a fortnight I was hunt ing about ithe island for a spot of ground suitable for agricultural purposes; but, alas ! wherever I went the soil bore unmistakablo testimony to the "proper" name of the island--vi., the " Great Sandy Island," for it was sanand, nd, sand, from one end of the island to the other. At last Ipitched my tent down in a valley or swamp, where the sand seemed a little darkerthen the generality of the soil, and commenced felling the trees, cleari:g the ground, and turning up the soil ready to receive seeds, which in due course were placed in the ground, and in a very short time plants sprang up and showed above the surface. But, alas! having got a certain height above ground they then seemed to stop growing, as if the bare eight of Fraser's Island frightened them. Afterwards I collected what manure I could and made raised beds for the seeds, then I dug a drain about two feet deep about three parts round the ground; but all seemed labour in vain, for the soil would not bring the things on to maturity. Ithen senk a small shaft to ascertain the nature of the undergeound soils, when I found that instead of a clay subsoil the upper layer of dark sand was supported by a white sand underneath, and consequently what little nourishing properties might have been in the upper layer washed down through, and were lost in the beds of sand beneath. Nearly everything that I placed in the ground came up, and I have carrots now tlhat have been in the bed for about a year and ton months; they are not rotten nor tough, but crisp and fresh as if only about six weeks old. They are now about the size of mydinger, and continue to grow al though very, very slowly; just one or two here and there have grown to a tolerably good size. The other things that have been planted, such as parsnips, onions, parsley, bananas, cocoa nut, ec., &c.;, all seem to share the same fate, except pumpkins, and of them we got a tolerably good supply. After I had been at work on my piece of ground in the valley about two or three days, a few of the na tives came and camped beside me, so I put a tomsn hawk in their hands and set them to work cutting down the small trees, and I also commenced school among them morning and evening. Of course there was great laughing and chattering among them when I firet began to teach them their A B C, and it was no easy mutter to keep them around me just whilst I went a few times through the Alphabet. To the na tires that were at work with me I gave a small quan tity of flour and sugar daily, and when my own money and provisions were very nearly exhausted the Lord put it into the hearts of some good people in Mary borough to help me. So they formed themselves into a committee and made collections, and sent me down some of the astff'of life, when, according to outward appearances, it looked as though I soon should have to live t ola blackfellow. Then (through the goodness of our Heoavnly Fhther) some good pc,;.!o in Bris bane followed tle good example of the Maryhorough Iriende, adt' formed themselvhe into a society in order to strengthen my hands iad help me in m) uap hill eoea'k of endeaourvoug to e -bli.ih . no.ieieo among Ihe L:.g-,g-ed and mh-depid u-elied aborigieuis t ; uur colony. And about the mouth of April, 1871, 1 re ccived intimation from the Rev. Mr. Hooker, the secretary, that I was appointed agent or missionary by the Queensland Aboriginal Missionary Society. As it was impossible to establish an agricultural missionary settlement without suitable soil for agri cultural purposes, I wrote to the friends of the mis sion to apprise them of the unfitness of Fraser's fsland for on agricultural mission, anl asking tfem to assist me in seeking a more suitable locality. For the last sixteen months we have been expecting to re mnove from here. I have explored the neighbourhood round about in -catch of a suitable spot, as we wanted to keep in the vicinity of Fraser's Island if possible, so that the natives who have been under our instruc tion here might accompany us to our new home; but though I explored the country-and the friends also assisted me witb their advie.- and by getting what in formatkioh they could- yet no suitable site could be found any nearer than Noosa (dis'ant from here about eighty miles), to which place the society have now re solved to remove the mission with. as little delay as possible. Of course, in seleeting a site for a mission ary seltlement among the heathen many things have to be taken into eonsideration, for not only must we have good soil and water, and get into a locality where the blacks generally are, but also get where tihe white people generally are not. We have been greatly an noyed by the pernicious infinence of white men even in this out-of-the-way place. Fishermen have camped close beside our mission, and have decoyed our young girls away from school, and taken them away in their boats for unlawful purposes; and this at a time when they (the girls) were just beginning to read it the Word of God, and the matter bad to be brought before thle Government in order to get a stop put to such disgraceful conduct by so-called " ChObristians" in the neighbourhood of the mission. A white man has chased a young girl right to the very door of my tent; he said he had bought the girl from her father at Maryborough for a blanket and some tobacco, and he wanted her to accompany him to his place at Tinkan Bay (distant about thirty-fire miles), where he is employed cutting timber; but happening to put into my place with his boat on his way thither the girl made her escape, and ran to me for protec tion, and rushing into my tent commoneed creeping under my bed, asking me to shield her from the white man, and not let him take her away. Though he (the white man) came th the very threshold of my canvas. house in his unlawful practices, yet he would not dare to pass over that threshold and seize the girl; and, as I would not give her up, he bad to go away without hier. Of course I was anything but a gentleman and a Christian for thus intercepting him in his ungodly purpose, and he went awssay in his boat, but be re terned the next day and actually took "anotheryoung girl" (one of my scholars) away with him in his boat, and I was not aware of it until after he was gone. People talk about the danger and risk of living among the blacks. I have been living and labouring amongst them for nearly two years on an island that is consi dered the resort 'of the thieves, murderers, and the vilest among them, and give me leave to any that it is the " whites," their pernicious influence, and their revengeful hatred, that we are afraid of more than the blacks. As as rule the natives hero all go naked men, women,'and children-and leaving to instruct adults of both sexes in the rudiments of education, I found it was not good " for man to be alone." So on the 13th June, 1871, the Rev. Joseph Buckle, from Brisbane, accompanied Hiss Winstone to Fraser's Island, and we changed her name to Fuller, and ever since we have been labouriing together at our Lord's command, and offering all our work to Him. It is now fourteen months since we were married, and dur ing.the whole of this time we have been expecting to receive orders to remove to some other locality, con- - sequently we hare refrained from putting up any buildings, &o.;, wherein to live, with the exception of a small bark hut that we put up wherein to pack visitors when they come. We ourselves have been living in a tent over since, which has to answer as our bedroom, dining-room, kitchen, church, surgery, sit ting-room, and school-room. Several times the storms have threatened to bring down our tent about our ears, but the Lord being our shield and protector, it is standing yet on the very spot I placed it about two years ago, although nearly all the posts are eaten away at the bottom by the white antse. We bare family prayer before breakfast, when the bell is rung, and the natives who choose to do so come in and worship with us at the family altar. In the evening, imme diately after tea, we have family prayer again, when the natives join us. We have a harnaonium, and as the natives are fond of music this attracts them in to the services and family worship. We have school in the morning after breakfast, and again in the afternoon about half-past 3 o'clock. On Sundays we have an early morning prayer-meeting, then family prayer, then breakfast, then school, then Divine service, then dinner, then school again, then service in the evening. Weo have had as many as thirty-four blacks-men, women, and children-packed in our tent at aSunday service, and in the hot weather I can assure you they " smell rather strong." But on the whole, those that have been with us any time are as orderly at the services as white people, and many of them will give a hearty Amen at the close of a prayer, although they have never been instructed to do so by me. They soon pick up the tunes, and sing very heartily. There are now between two and three dozen who can read the Word of God with more or less ability ; as many more have the alphabet off by heart, some perfectly some partly. One of them has as many as thirtf verses (select portions) of Sci#pture, hymns, &c.;, com mitted to memory; another has twenty verses stored up in his mind, another twelve, another six, &e.;, &c.; As soon as we commence to teach them their let ters we begin also to teach them to commit to memory that precious text of Scripture which has been blessed by the Holy Spirit to so many hundreds of souls, and made them wise unto salvation -viz., " God so loved the world," &d..; Two of the young men occasionally engage in public prayer, praying the Lord would open their blind eyes to see Jesus oracifled, give them new hearts, convert their souls, and make them ready to die, &o.;, &c.; I let them pray in their own simple broken way, without striving to make them put their words in order, which would only confuse them, and what I aim at is to get their "hearts to speak," when they are before the Throne of Grace. All of them are taught little prayers, such as " God be merciful to me a sinner ;" " Lord Jesus, save my soul; " "O God, for Jesus Christ's sake, give me thy Holy Spirit;" "Lord help me;" &c.;, &c.; These they are instructed to make use of when they lie down in their huts at night, and when they rise up in the morning, as well as when they walk about. We have a large tinted picture of our Saviour on the cross; this we show to all comers, and thus preach Jesus crucified to t:le wildest and worst, even though they cannot understtsnd a word of English. Nearly all of them seem very mneaec taken up with the picture when they fleert behold it. We don't go thoroughly into the aboriginal language, but just make it a sort of stepping- stone to English, in which lan guage we instruct and teach them. We hare not yet seen any fruit from our labours in the shape of con versions and change of heart, but we continue to sow on in faith. Tile society has just managed to keep our heads above water, in keeping us supplied with necessaries for our frail hodiels; they have been able to do this without going hearildy into debt, but up to tihe present time neither mvsel't nor my dens" partner have received anything in the sl nape of salary, nor do we even now ask for auy. The wages is in the work. We labour on for Jesus, offer ing all our works to Him, and lear ing Him to arrange for the needful, thankful that we are permitted to be labourers in His vineyard. Of course, when we get to our future destination, Noosa, on some good soi, the natives will be employed tilling the ground, and in other duties connected with the mission, and thus Obristianisation and eivilisation will go hand in hand together. They will then receive a full ration (1lb. flour, 4czs. sugar, and 2ons. tea for three doys); here, whilst only attending school twice a day, they reaeive half-a- ration of flour and sugar, and no tea. Between sobhoolhours they go ouet and pro cure for themselres oysters, mussels, fish, " kulbhine" or native bread, the fruit of the ramia, and many other things that aubotmd on tile island and round about it. The following are some of their prejudices and super atitious notions :-The mother-in-law most not look upon her son-ia--law at any time; thley believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they. all come togeth er to sintg at school time, after being taught in the elassea, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their sons-in-law there, and yosl will see thlem "backing" into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-iu- law, at the same tines, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himiself from thb mother's gaze. The young Ersen will snot sit down on tile snme stool or bor, or in fact nywhersrc, where a young woman Ihas been eitti:g at any time. They imagine that the young men w(uld sicken and die if they did. So thsat we lnhave to hlave one form or stool t?r the ladies and asithlcr for Cc.e gentlemen. The shadow ot the young lsmo,,?.o u -. . ioe piessoerer the sh.,o.p·og.-pluce of i.h, :.,u?. ';. lIfn echss;-er i.nssiratcle miskision obout enuect the nal irra will eumelses throw sand up into the air and blow with their months towards the sun, in order to make the sun go down quickly, and thus com pel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel near the mission, and enable them to get on board and obtain tobacco, biscuits, &c.;, which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the "mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give any definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, &c.; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assure me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be see? at certain times. As a rule they are frightmned to go down to the creek at night-time. They believe that there is a devil (mel long),but they have lio idea of a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Eu ropeans, I may just say that on this island, which is about eighty-fire miles long by twelve broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost oh literated; and like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man, or the greatest bully, "takes upon himself" to be No. 1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now, since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great smokers-men, women, and children. A little girl or boy about two or three years old may be seen with a pipe in its mouth smok ing tobacco; yea, they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast onut of the child's month and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at the town ships, and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they are awake. And, again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also take the trouble to teach them how to play ; so that we not only haiveto, each Jesus to thiorp, but also to preach against.? ying, for they get so engrossed in playing thies at they will let leiv "tthem to come to school ; al' sometimes i~ th6tr food. There are parts of portions of ?s¶·Jhl which they look upon as individually theirs ;'oB hte death of the father it descends to the sons. They are cannibals; they eat the young men when they die, and the young' women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it was before the white man came. When apersdn dies, they skin him (old men and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body and carry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift their ramp when one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c.;, from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that be can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off; they also say they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. Now, my brother, behold what a long letter I have written you, in just mentioning a few of the circum stances connected with ourselves, our mission, and the people among whom we live snd labour. Perhaps I may send you another epistle after we get settled at our future abode-Noose. Meanwhile commending ourselves and our work to your earnest prayers, believe me to remain your brother in Jesus, B. FU-LBr. 