STEVE DODGE. I ain't much good at tellin' a yarn, For 1 never was much at school ; Bora, )-rcd, as' reared on a prairie farm, An' ailus reckon'd a fool. But, fool as I was. to a man I grew ; An' if I got nothin' beside, I got strength of muscle, an' bone, an* thew, An' a tongue as never lied. An' some of your schoolmen, I opine, Had never been rogues an' cheats ; Supposin' they'd never met sheep an' kine, In tho crush of a city's streets. For do us ye will in their roar au' clash, List whether ye will or noi, You must draw in with your tradin' cash, Some dimes from the Devil's lot. But alone in the woods—if ye ain't all brute — Are voices for ever near ; Kind homely words, just fashioned to suit AU days iu the changio' year : Summer and Springtide, Winter an' Fall, Flowers, fruits, ripe harvota, an' suow, - Preacbin' an1 pleadin' to one an' all, What's right for us men to know. But this ain't tellin' the thing off slick, 'Bout my poor comrade an' me. But I can't help backiu' an' nilin' a bit, For I push for the wild salt sea. **?*?? Jist nineteen years, if I don't mistake, Couie next maple suear thno, Steve Dndge an' me, on the Moose-head Like, Were choppin' among the pine. . We felled thro' the two first months of snow, An' the lugs got scatter'd and wide ; ' » So Steve and his wife shifted pegs below To a bluff on the other side. Me au' Bill Stokes an' Jonathai Dole Moved Ea3t'ard a league or more, Where the trees if they straggled were bigger at bole, An' chock on the Moocehe&d; shore. We belted and haul'd thro' as sharp a week Of frost as these parts can bring. For when we opened our lips -o speak, The ice in our beards would ring. The air was crisp as a frozen sheet, An' gave out no cry or call, An' the earth we battered beneath our feet, Was hurd as a cannon ball. Deep in the woods the wolves an' deer Had dived when the snap began, An' we reckoned that nothin' alive was near, Sav« the ox an' his drivrv — man. Wai, it kept on so till near the edge Of Marcu, when Steve an' his eon Couia over the ice in a neighbor's sledge oTs&ste; our pineapple rum. The boy waa only a two year old. But bright as a new made cent, An' Steve lie counted him more than gold, An' took him wherever he went. We talked of the weather an' drunk the ram, An' smoked an' turned up Jack, For app?ea an' hickory nuts for the son To curry his mother back. At last the pineapp.'e juice caved in, An' we tickled the lad awake, An' swathed him up in a buffalo skin, Fur tho clearin' across the Lake. Good night was said with a hearty shake Of bauds in. the moonlight calm, But somehow or other 1 couldn't take My grip from hit, cliugin' palm. So I said I'll carry the boy a yoke, For you'll find him a ten-horse load, . But I never thought when the words were spake 'f would 4-u' been Hob a lonesome road. We left tho cabin an' struck a track To the uppeiuios: end of the Lake. For the ice was glaze as a sperm whale's back, An' wt hadn't never a skate. We headed tho ice. an' the ttail was plain Tbro' tbe hemlocks an' hcckuis-.tac, So I hamkd the lad to Steve again, To turn on my backward track. I'd lighted my pipe an' said a'nivst Good night, wiieii a hell-fire cry Catr? up like the wail of a Bufferin' ghost, From a dump oi juuipers nigh. Like u C.«..b.)o struck right dead in the spine, Stove c-tfned up from the log, An' groaned m his throat thi 0' 1 he frosty rime, ' h uIvob ! by the Eternal God.' One look to Lis home an' cne behind, An' then he bounded ahead, Like an iceboat lathed by a westward wind, On the waters of Winucibed. I foU- .-til up close an' the pace began To tell both on me an' him, So I took my kkife an' cut as I ran BU strips from the buffalo ekin. This ain't got much of a buuiptoas sound, But a ui.m wauts muscle an' breath, An' I guess that even a, single pound Is a help in a. race with death. I kept -r u cattin', au' fold on fold Fell away bs we onwoTd flew, Au' 'twouid all ha' goM, tin; the midnight cold Would ha.' smitten the poor boy thro'. We might ha' gone over half-x-mile. An' we'd nevtr once heard the pack Give a yelp or a howl or a snarlin' whine, But ne knew they were runnin' the track. When all of a sudden, clear, sharp, an' fall, We hi'aid the infernal rip's ; They'd picked up the hide of the prairie bull, An' was teariu' it into bite, Steve stoup'd on the trail an' looked at his eon, An' then glared savage at mo, As if riled ox the desperate risk he'd run, Then sunk on his bended knee. He kissed the bay over an' over again, An' wept, an' seemed to pray, Then said, ' Take the lad to his mother, Ben, While I keep the skunks at bay. ' He gave me his son, an1 a horrible glare Flashed out of his tearless eye, For sharp an' shrill on the U JBty air Came again the devilish cry. I tried to spe: i, but words wouldn't come Only high enough jist to choke, But he knew the f eelin' as made me dumb, P'r'aps better than if I'd spoke. He locked at us both, for there I stood, An if part of the iron gronnd. But a nearer howl from the hemlock wood Set me off like a hungry bound. God keep ye both,' I heard him say, 'But push for yer dear goorl life, 1'il keep tbe infernal whelps away, Till ye give the boy to my wife. ' I heard nothin' else, the earth and sky Was still, an' I hoped on yet, Till louder an' fiercer the horrible cry Told the man an' the wolves had met. I'd heard some agony in my time, From wounded an' drownin' men. But God in His goodness keep me an' mine From hearin' the like again. 9ry after «ry came over the snow, With now and again a yelp. An' once I lay the child duwn to go Strait back to the father's help. But the gleam of their camp-fire thinin' bright, Steemed to strengthen the bendin' reed, Tho' I felt as I ought to go back an' fight, The brutes as v. ere chawin' Steve. I took the boy in my arms an' sped lake mad thro' the midnight air, * Korstopt till he lay on his trundle bed, In reach of a mother's care. ? ? * ? « There's nothin' else ; the father gave . - His life for the life of the son, An' Christ when He came the world to save, Jist did what Steve Dodge had done. Osoa» Hcoujr. Pickbd Eschalots —For a quart of ready-peeled ejohalots, add the same quantity of the best pale white * wine vinegar, a dtiserupuusful of salt, and as oust* of whole white pepper ; bring these quickly to a boil, take off the scum, throw in the eschalots, simmer them for two minutes only, ttu a them into a clean stone jar, and when the; are quite cold, tie a skin, or two folds of thick paper over it. The sooner the eschalots ate pickled after they are ripe and dry, the bettor they will C6t 