MYAL FIRE liltlUADES AND FIREMEN, g AM) OUR PROVISION i OU PREVENTIONS AND EXTINGUISHING FIttE. | To the H,!itor of thc Kmpirc. SIR,-It has been a matter of genera! regret in this city that our firemen aro periodically seized with a mania for fighting ono another rather thnn combining to suppress our common foe. The lute fire nt tho Trinco of Wales Theatre has boen tho scene of another series of rows and threats, commingled with tho foulest language, playing their stream of water at their rivals rather thnn at tho fire, which was Raining on all sides. I would appeal to your powerful agency in assisting to put down such unseemly conduct ia those who ought, by example and courage, set to a pattern to thoso around, and show that firemen aro something maro than mere bullies and cowards. Truly we aro degenerating into tho old Yankee volunteer stylo, when it was usual to knock off at the fire and havo a good fight, cutting hose, smashing engines, and various other sports. Then thero is the disgraceful waste of water conse- quent on opening tho firo- plugs in tho streets. When the plug is drawn tho ball in all the hydrants fall, and thus moro than one-half ot tho water othcrwiso avail able runs into the gutters, and ono lourtn ot tue I remainder escapes, owing to the primitive mode of re- j I taining it when it Mows in to tho dam. That is how I wo read in the reports that there was not sufficient water I and in consequence tho manual engines bad to cease work, or that thero was only enough to supply ono steam-eugino. Sometimes they have to work at half speed, or stop to allow the water to accumulate ; meanwhile, the fire is spreading m all sides, and the firemen working independent, and sometimes antagonistic to each other ; certainly, they have no higher guidance than tho proverbial rule of thumb. Now, sir, I do not find fault without suggesting a rem sdy founded on experienco of a practical nature. In tho first place we must havo a chief of fire brigades or fire marshall appointed, and authorised by 5 the Government tohavo full power and supremo control I over police and lire brigades, to pull down buildings, f and to closo traffic iu any street during a fire I wish hero to remark that our military ¡.hould be called out ou such occasions to protect property, keep back tho crowd, &c.; At tho first Prince of Wales fire tho soldiers rendered most efficient aid, being under tho orders of their officers and porfeotly controlable. I havo omitted saying that gentlemen of tho profes- sion of architect or civil engineer, aro preeminently qualified to act as fir o marshall, in my humble- opinion. With reference to the means of obtaining water to ex- tinguish fires, oura arc worse thou useless (I mean tho fire-plugs and hydrant-boxes.) being unmanageable, wutsoful, ¡iud at tho best very awkward affairs. I would simply suggest thoir total removal and tho substitution of pillars or columns set in their place boit» - connected with tho main anda moveable top, with a common two way stop cook placed in its hollow, communicating with a union or branch deliveiy at tho side, so that tho hose could bo ooupled on and conveyed to the fire direct until engines arrive and then into tho well of tho cngino without wasting one drop or causing tho other ones to allow it to escapo. These, in ordinary cases of fire, promptly applied, would ho amply powerful without the assist- ance of the ongincs. Witness tho power of ono of our street hydrants so applied when no plug is open. I confidently assert that if such pillars were used many householders would club together and get a length of hose, canvas or leather, with a flexible branch for their common benefit, and these, ns another advantage, would enable tho engines to concentrate all their power on tho pro- jecting side, as they would have no suotion to use, as the water would flow into it. Another complaint is that tho fire-bell is not rung directly tho alarm is given, instead of-ns sometimes it has happened-after tho ongincs uro away. Also, why aro tho city turncocks not compelled to resido near tho central erigine stations, so that tho watch- men could call them to set on tho water in caso of fire? It is also stated thero is not a plan or semblance of a document that Rive tho positions of, or oorrcot direc- tions how, or where, tho plugs or locks may bo found, and tho localities each lock supplies; a matter every qualified fireman ouqht to be well conversant with. In conclusion, Sir, I assuro you that no ono more appreciates the spirit that actuates thoso who, as volunteer firemen, give their services to tho citizens, without any pay or oven hope of profit, than I do. Not noting the cost of clothes destroyed, time lost, business neglected, and often times pay from thoir .own pockets to moot current exponses incurred. It is not that such services aro unappreciated, but a feel- ing of apathy hus arisen solely, caused by tho looso manner tho whole servico is dono in being totally ' disorganised, and ungovernable by any recognised authority. It is positively stated by gentlemen well qualified to judge, that thu fire brigades wore perfectly usóles at the Prince of Wales Theatre, oxcopt at the cottages in Brougham-place, and did not exert any influenco on any other part (becauso tho firo had burned all it could get at, for it is a well-known fact that our colonial timber will not burn easily), all arising from a want of mutual understanding and a supremo head to direct their efforts. I nm, Sir, Toura very rcspeotf ully, THE GHOST OF THK MAN ON THE HOOF, 