UURCuII OF ENGLAND SYNOD.. Tine second session of the eouond synod of the diocoese of Goulburn assembled on Thursday last, Tho members attended divine service at the oathe dmrl at oleven aun. The Presoident took his neat in the hall of the mooehanics' instituto shortly after three p.m. After prayer by the Presoident, the Rov. A. T. Puddioombo called over the names of the clergy summoned to the synod, when the ~allowing answered to their names: -The Very Rev. iho Dean of Goulburn, and the Rays. D. P. MI. Hulbert, Pojar; D. E. Jones, Tumut; T. Druitt, Coomn; J. N. Manning, Gundagni I A. D. Soare, Quonanboyan ; J. G. Love, Moruay J. O. Botts, Binda; A. T. Pud dicombo, Springfield; S. S. Harpur, Yass; W. Looto, North Goulburn; E. H. A. Gwynno, B.A., Burrowa; F. R. Soaborn, Young; R. T. Earl, Araluon. The following were not present:-The Venerablo Arohdeacon Lillingston; and the Roev. W. Ii. Pow naoll, Taumut; E. B. Proctor, Bungonia; P. G. Smith, Canberra; J. 0. Byng, Braidwood; W. ookls, Wentworth; A. D. Faonoo, Boga; J. Por oival, Bombola; J. I. WVre, Dcniliqoin; V. 1I. Yarrington, Balranald; A. D. Aoonols, Albury; J. U. Sabine, Corown; G. A. Killger, Crookwoll. Theo names of the lay representatives wore called over by the chancellor. The following answered : Tho ChObanceollor; W. . . Maybury, Bega; I. Fox and T. Kirke, Pojar; E. Seaman, Bolong; G. Mar tyr, Moruya; J. Bouchor, Bombala; HI. E. Russoll, Tumut; It. Maddroll, Braidwood; Captain Zouoh, Young; J. J. Allman, Goulburn; R. C. Joplin, Jojedzorick ; A. Hi. Botts, Wngga Wagga; Dr. 0. Johnson, Goulburn; C. E. Nowoombo, North Goul burn; E. G. Browno, Tamut; W. G. O'Neill, Quoan boyan; A. F. Gibson, Tirranna. The following wore not in attondanco:-W-. F. Hlayloy, Quonanboyan ; J. Ala Nickleo, Wgga Wagga; R. H. Kennedy, Gunning; J. J. Hayes, Alburyl; It. J. Road, Major's Orook; J. Pring, Burrowa; U. D. IHay, Binda; ,V. A. OChisholm, North Goualburn ; G. C. Allman, Yans; G. Twoodio, Braidwood; W. WVallace, Cooma; W. Walker, Wentworth; T. Herbort, Adaminaby; A. Campbell, Yas; G. Brookl, Bungonia; W. Davis, Omborra ; G. Camp boll, Canberra; J. 11. Sharp, Adolong; G. Poppin junior, Daniliquin; J. Nioholson, Bombula; W. J. Watson, Young; F. Valliant, Doniliquin; T. MInto, Albury; T. Atkinson, Araluon; W. J. Canswoll, Moruyas u . l'Prry, Baga; W. D. Campboll, Bur rowa; J. Lngfiold, Gaundagai; S. fl. Bolabor, Gundagoi; A. S. Obhisholm, Collector; P. II. Os borne, Qnuenboyan; 0. II. Pearson, John Cramsio, Balranald. Captain Rossi took his seat as registrar of the diocese. The Right Reoverend the President road the fol lowing address: We mooeet at a later period of the year than is gon orally desirable; but the postponement of the synod has arisen from soveral causes. In the first place, petitions from Bombula and Cooma urged me to chango my plans, and to delay my visitation in the south from September, 1871, to January, 1872, with a view to the consecration of churches, which were to be ready for the latter date. In the next place, the standing committoee, after my return to Goulburn, suggested a further postponemont, to enable them to obtain more complete returns under the paroohial assessment, and in answer to their statistical inqui ries. The winter months then intervened; and I would willingly have delayed still further, wore it not imperative that we should now moot, in order to mako due preparations for the Provincial Synod of Now South Wales, to be hold in Sydney on the 17th instant; and for a genoeral conforenco of the bishops and representative clergy and laity of Australia on thebo 8th of October in Sydney. We shall all remember, I trust, that we are a reli gious assembly ; and conduct our deliberations in a spirit of constant dependence upon the Holy Ghost for divine guidance, and in an earnest onloavour to avoid whatever " may hinder us from Godly union and concord." The true design of those synodical meeootings is to advance the glory of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by promoting the true and spi ritual interests of His church. If over they cease to have this tendency, it will be well for us to aban don them altogethor. Lot us oct over as " religious men, who give to God and men their duos." And lot us labour diligently to fulfil our duties oeffotively, as membors of the church of God; and may weo" honco forth be all of one heart and one mind, united togo ther in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity; and may we with one mind and one mouth glorify God through Jesus Christ our Lord." My business to-day is to refor, as briefly as may be practicable, to'tho several questions which are to be brought under our notice in the synods of the dio cese and the province, and in the general conference. My remarks upon those questions will be arranged under three bonheads. I.- TIlE PROVINOIAL SYNOD. Roprossntativos.-Our first duty will be to oleot not less than six, nor more than ten of each order of clorical and lay members to represent thb synod of this diocese in the Provincial Synod of Now South Wales, Wo are also required to nominate two alo rioal and two lay representatives, to moot a similar number from each of the other two diocesan synods, as a council of advice, to make preliminary arrango monts for the conduct of the business of the provin cial synod. Names will be submitted, and the oleo tion in each oase will be made in such m.. r as to the synod may soom fit. The subjects which have boon elcowhere suggested for disoussion in the provincial synod, are the Church Temporalities Act, the appointment of Bishops in Australia, the now Lectionary, &o.; Upon each of these, and upon one or two kindred topics, I will now pto-ceed to offer some remarks. The Church Act.--Th synod of Newcastle has proposed "that the amendment or repeal of the Act 8 William IV, No. 6 be made a subject of joint re foreone to the Synod of Now South Wales." While the metropolitan synod, refusing to make the repeal of the Act a subject of consideration, has resolved " that the amendment of the Act 8 William IV No. 6, commonly called 'the Church Act,' be made a subjeet of joint reference to the Provincial Synod of Now South Wales, without projudice however to the proparation of the ordinances or trust deeoods recom mended in the report of the standing committeo; and this synod hereby adopts that portion of the ro port." The Sydney standing committee bad re ported that it was not desirable at present to apply to the legislature to amend or otherwise deal with the Church Act, but that ordinances or trust deeds be framed with as little delay as possible under which church property may hereafter be placed. On a former occasion I freely expressed my views on the subject of the Church Temporalities Act, and strongly disapproved of a proposal to repeal it. My estimate of its general value remains the same, and my opinion is unchanged. With regard to the question of its amendment, however, I have boon in formed that it is not desired in the diocese of Now castle that immediate notion should be taken, but only that a committee should be appointed to con sider the subject thoroughly during the next there years, and then to lay before the Provincial Synod of 1876 adraft amonded bill, which should contain all the matter of the Church Act in the most ap proved form, to become a now Church Act. I am not aware whether in the Sydney diooose they propose first to prepare ordinances and trust doods, and than to have the act abolished. I sin corely hope that this is not their meaning. For myself, I am of opinion that an acnot of the legislao tro is a very differet thing from voluntary agree monts on theb part of members of our synods. It would be a vain hope to oexpect that by transferring the provisions of the act into ordinances of synods, we should obtain an equivalent for the former. Nothing which we can devise will be any substitute for, or as effective as, an act of parliament. Already owe have had some experience that an ordinance of the synod is not always honoured with the obedience and respect due to an act of the legislature. My opinion therefore is that it is better to leave the act as it is, than run any risk in the matter. But, on the other hand, if the synod think that some altora tion is advisable, I should then recommend that it bo by improving the act itself, rather than by dilut ing it into decrees of the synod, and thus to destroy itAgain, if it be true that neither the canon law, nor the authority of courts ecclesiastical (unless created by local logislatures) have any forcoin theb colonies; that the English acts, which provide for disciplino and uniformity, do not extend to the colonies, unless imported by oexpress legislation; and this power cannot now be exercised by the imperial government, except in colonies to whibch conetitu tions have not booeen granted, owe have additional reasons for extreme carefulness not needlessly to dis tlrb, nor in any way to depreciato so valuaoble a pos session as our Churoh Tomporalitios Act. Appointment of Colonisl Bishops.-Anothor im portant subject requiring the gravest consideration is that of the futuro appointment of bishops in our Australian diooesas. The advisers of the crown at homo doolins to follow precedent in this matter. It may be well to show what the previous praotloo has boon. The rulo was this. Thbo appointment to a colonial diooose woa made directly by the crown. Loetters patent were iWeand (in the case of a now dioceseo erecting the bishopric) assigning territorial limnits; naming the bishop; commanding tho aroh bishop to consoecrato him; creating him a body corporate, and constituting him a perpetual corpora tion; assigning his title; granting him authority to have and to use acorporato seal; ordaining that such a church should be his cathedral church and se0; and granting him power to exorcise jurisdiotion and other powers so far as the same could bo e oorcised consis tently with such law or laws as might for the time being be in force in the colony. Io would thus be an English bishop, consecrated oas directed in the Boole of Common Proyer. All this is clear, and it is difficult to perceive in what way it can militato against the constitution of things in a colony like ours. Thore is no reason why a similar arrangement should not be repeated whienever a now appointment was required. Never tholoss the secretary of state for the colonies has informed the metropolitan of Australia that, under the advice of the law oflicers of the crown, her Majoesty will be advised to refuse, in conformity with the judgment of the judicial committee, to appoint a bishop in any colony possessing an independent legislaturo; but that the sovereign will he advised on the application of the Archbishop of Canterbury to issue from time to time such mandate as is required by law to cathoriso the consecration of a bishop, no diocoso or sphere of action however being assigned in sech mandate. Thus without any authority, except the will of tihe party in power at home, the colonies are to be deprived for the time being of the advantage of appointment by the crown and of the issue of letters patent. Some future minister may return to the previous custom. We ought therefore to avoid adopting final measures now, as though such a ro almption of the previous practieo wore impossible. Borty colonial diocoese have boon oreouted, under the guidance of the law oficers of the crown from time to time, by letters patent under the sign manual. And now by the succoessore of those law ollicors, the colonies are to be loeft to their own devices, without advico or guidance on their part, in the matter of the appointment of their respective bishops. Until therefore tie advisors of tie crown are Irought to soe tlheir duty, and in order to continue the succossion of the opiscopato, and to secure the right to the possession ot endowments by thlose who come ifter us, we are obliged to consider our posi lion, and to adopt such measures as may be nroune sary. The methods proposed in this colony for the emergency are the following:-Tho synod of the Newcastle dioceso has resolved " that the appoint meoot of bishops in the province be a subject of joint reference to the provincial synod; " while the synod of the metropolitan diocese has agreed " that the future appointment of bishops in Neow South Wales be made a subject of joint reference to the provincial synod of Now South \Vales, for consideration and report. 2. That the general conference be respect fully requested to frame regulations for the appoicnt mont of bishops in Australia, regard being had to the principle laid down, that no aot of the general synod shall be binding on the church in this dioceso unless sanctioned by its synod. 3. That the standing com mitteo be instructed to frame rules for the elootion of a bishop to the seeoo of Sydney, in the event of ce vacancy occurring before the rules made by such provincial synod and general conforence shall have boon accepted by this dioceso, such rules to be in forcoe only until general regulations have boon estab lished for the election of bishops within this pro vince." I have further to add that in answer to recent inquiries by the Metropolitan Bishop, the Arch bishop of Canterbury noting under the guidanceo of his legal advisor, has affirrmed that no good authority has boon produced in favour of the opinion that when existing churches in the colonies aro governed by tie law of the church of England, they can lawfully mako regulations for the election of their bishop, on the assumption that the crown will not nominate, the intervention of the crown being embodied in the Book of Common Prayer. For the church in the colonies is declared to be an integral part of the Church of England in the sense in which that title denotes a body of Christians holding certain doc trines, and maintaining certain disoiplino, in accord ance with the formularies, &o.; And a very high legal functionary in England has also suggested that we could not in the colonies without some further legislativo provision, maike dueo arrangements for the succession to our colonial sees ; and that it would be desirable to endoeavor to obtain a colonial act to be reserved for the royal assent, vesting in such manner as our Dioceasan Synods might think boat the right of election of a bishop. Under those circumstances it is evident that we must proceed with caution. Wo may safely refer the question to the consideration of the Provincial Synod in the first instance, with the understanding that in the general conference rules for our guidance would be framed by the Australian bishops and representative members from all the dioceson. Before leaving this part of the subject, it may be well to advert to one or two topics of a kindred nature. Disabilities of Clergymen Ordained in the Colonies. -In an official letter of one of her Majeosty's soerota rios of state for the colonies, there is a reference to certain disabilities to which clergymen, ordained by colonial bishops not having local juriodiction and re siding within the limits of that jurisdiotion, are subjected by imperial acts, of which 69 Georgo III e. 60, passed in 1810, is the chief. The extent of the disability as referred to in that not is this, and it ought to be generally known :-No person admitted to holy orders by any other bishop or archbishop than those of England shall be capable of officiating in England without the special permission of the archbishop of the province; or of having, holding, or onioying, or of being admitted to any parsonage, or other ecclesiastioal preferment in England, or of act ing as curato therein, without the consent and appro. bation of the arehbishop of the province, and also of the bishop of the dioceseo in which any such par nonago, &o.;, may bo situated. But lot mo add such assent is never withhold in the ease of any properly qualified clergyman, whose official papers are in the froper form. Desoigation of the Church in tho,Colonica.-It has also boon affirmod by the Archbishop of Canterbury that a clause in the Irish Church Act provides ado quatoly for the proper designation of the church in the colonies, for it directs that in all enactments, deeds, and documents in which the title of the United Church of England and Ireland has boon useod the title of the church shall be road as " the Church of England.' The union of the Church of Ireland with the Church of England on the let January, 1801, into one Protestant Episcopal Church, to be called the United Church of England and Ireland, by the Act 30 and 40 Coo. III, cap. 67, art. 6, produced no change of any kind in the easential character of the Church of England, for it whs enacted " that the doctrine, worship, discip line, and government of the said United Church shall be, and shall remain, in full force for over, as the same are now by law established for the Church of England." 'bhe recent Irish Church Act, there fore, does not affect the Church of England in any manner, beyond restoring its legal designation as it existed from time immemorial prior to the 1st January, 1801. We may therefore consider the old name to be resumed under the authority of thia act from and after let January, 1871, without any formal estops to authoriso the reading of enactments, deeds, &e.;, in this sense; and we shall be governed by the laws of the Church of England as wo had boon by the laws of the United Church. Altoration of our Formularieo.--Wo are further informed by the Archbishop that the bishop and clergy of any colonial church under the name of the Church of England, or of England and Ireland, are bound by the ritual and articles of the Church of England, and that if he and his clergy alter the liturgy their title to endowments will be impeach able. Now Ltionoary.--Tho subject of the now leotion ary has boon doealt with in the following manner by tbo synods of the other dioceses. That of Neowcastle has resolved " that the adoption of the now lectionary be made a subject of joint reference to the provincial synod; " while that of the metropolitan diocese has thus disposed of it: it has agreed " that as the now lootionary, sanctioned by an act of the imperial par liamoont, 34 and 35 Vic., c. 37, has boon generally adopted in this diocese under the recommendation of the Lord Bishop of Sydney, this synod dooms it un necessary to takoe any action respecting it." Noavortheloess, the question of the use of the now Iec tionary will bo brought, as I em informed, by the Newcastle diocese before the provincial synod for deliberation and report. The now lectionary law of 13th July, 1871, provides that "all acts relating to the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of Eng land shall be construed to refer to such book as al tered by this act, and after the 1st of October, 1871, the table of lessons containod in the - schedule to this act shall be printed and published in all edi tions of the Book of Common Prayer * * in lion of the directions and tables of lessons for which they are by this aot substituted I provided that the table of lessons hitherto in legal sne may at any time prior to the 'lt of January, 1879, be followed in lieu of the table hereby susatituted therefor." It ap pears, therefore, that overy clergymsan of the Chorah of England has had the right, from and afoer the let of January, 1872, of using in the public services of tlhe church the now letcionary; that if any clergy man prefers to use the old lectionry he may law, fully do eo until, but not after, the let of January, 1879; and that consequently neither the ordinary nor the synod has any authority to do more than offer advio for the guidance of the clergy. Amendment of Contlitutions.- The Newcastle synod had agrooed " that thie amondment of the con stitutions be made a matter of joint reference to the provincial synod on this one point-the power of altering the constitutions by the action of the pro vincial synod alone, without seeking the sanction of the legislature for each such alteration." But a similar resolution was submitted to the metropolitan synod and rejected; and it wis estated that the standing committee of the Sydney synod had con siderod the eubljoet, and had reported on the 28th October, 1807, that the constitutions could not be modified, except by some express ordinance. There is a conflict of opinion on the subject; and it is not improbable that, if we as a synod desire to amend the constitutions, we must proceed by obtaining leave from the legislature to insert such words in the synod act as may authoriee us to make the desired alterations in our constitutions, provided that each such amendment shall be duly regiatered in the Supreme Court. Il.-THe GcNER&IL; CONIrRENCi . Object of General Conforenco.--Wo may now pass on to the subject of the general conference which the Metropolitan proposes to convene in Sydney for Tuesday, the 8til of October, 1872. The object of the conference will become evident from the follow ing explanations. In November, 1808, seven of the bishops of the Australian province met in Sydney, and consulted upon various matters affecting the welfare of the church in the province. Amongst other things they expreosed their opinion that it was desirable that i general synod should be constituted for the entire province of Australia, consisting of the bishops and representative clergy and laity of the elhurch in the several colonies comprised within the province; that in the first instance a conference should be hold, consisting like the synod of the lishops and rpresenotativeo from each diocoese, to frame it constitution for the general synod and to defino its functiona; that the representatives might bring with them any intlrnetions which their res poective synods thought fit to give them; and that they should be fully authorisod finally to determine all particulars connected with the purpose of their moeting. They added that the object of such general synod should be to maintain the relation of the church in the province of Australia to the Church of England, both at home and in the various colonies, ias well as to secure unity of doctrine and discipline between tihe several branches of tihe church in that province. To this end the bishops were unani mously of opinion that the geoneral synod should be authorieod, amongst other functions-1. To consti tute a metropolitan court of appeal. 2. To frame general rules for the formation of now dioceses and provinces. 3. To matke rules for the confirmation and due consecration of newly-olected bishops. 4. To communicate with the authloritics at home and in the various colonies on all matters relating to the general well-being of the church. 0. To consult upon any matters brought before the synod, to frame regulations thereon, &o.; G. To take measures for promoting intorcommunion between the church in the province and other reformed Episcopal churches. The Provincill Synod of Noew South \VWlos on the 13th of May, 1860, adopted a resolution to the effect that it was desirable to constituto such a general synod, while they expressed their strongest disap proval of sany logislation or other action, tending in the least to disunite the members of the Church of England in this colony from the church at home, or to weaken the connexion that now exists between the church in this colony and the crown. And they added thoe proviso that they agreed to the resolution witllout prejudice to the maintenance of such con noxion. JIoproaontalion in thoe onforonco.-Tlo ieotro politan proposes that the representation of the seeo ral dioceses should boar some proportion to the numbor of tho clorgy in the difforont colonies; and that, ii for example the church in Now South Wales wore roproaonted by fifteen momblrs of oach order, this number might be divided amongst the different diooouso as follows:- Qralton and Armnnidlo and Iathurst each two of oeach ordor; Nowoustlo and Goulburn, each throo of each order; and Bydney live of eouch order. Accordingly in the synod of Sydney a resolution was carried on the 18th of July, 1872, that eight olergymen and eight laymen bn elected by ballot as ropronontatives to the gonoral onforoenco, the five in each class having the largest numbor of votes to be the first noting representa tives, and that thebo other throo in each class should be calleod upon in the order of the number of their votes to fill up any vacancies that may occur before or during the nession of the synod. The names of the proposed representatives woro than submitted, and . the election was made by ballot. , I Voto of Diocosoo.--Tho Metropolitan further aug- : goets that the voting in the goneral conforonco shall be by dioceses, and not by orders in the wholo body, as , had boon firt proposed. It is expoctod that the dioceses of Sydney, Newcastle, Goulburn, Grafton, Bathurst, Brisbano, lMelbourno, Tasmania, Ado laido, and Perth will bo roproseontd in the general confeornce. III.-LOCAL OR DIOOESAN SUBJEoTS. It now romaine to of'or a few observationo on the dioooean topics which will bo proposed for our con ;idoration by various mmbore of the synod. Endowment Fund.-A proposal wilt bonmade that a parochial endowment fund should bo formed for the oustontation of the clergy of the dionse noeeding as sistanco. The sum of £560 has already boon contri butod by ono district as a nuclous for ouch a fund. , Now if oach parochial district in the dioeose would on., the averago raise an sum of about £100, wo might I boliovo appeal to a society in England for a bone- ,. acotion of £1000 to moot our diocesan contributions. . But the aggregate sum of £5000 must be first ool looted. I heartily approve of the ouggestion that such a fund should be raised, and warmly commond the projoot to the friends of the church in the diocoso. Widows and Orphans.-You will also be asked to consider the propriety and duty of maling saome provision for the support of the widoes and orphans of deceased clergymen. If each clergyman liceonsed in the dioceso, and desiring to become a subscriber to tho clergy widows and orphans' fund (for I preosume that subscribing clergymen and they only under any oircumstances should participate in the benoefits of the fund) wore to pay an annual oubsoriptiou of fivo pounds; if, bosides, the parochial authorities of each district wore likeowiseo to contribute out of church funds a sum of not less than five pounds for eacho clergyman employed in the district and if, in addition to these, the laity of the several parishes would support the fund by liberal subscriptions and donations, the Bchome would speedily be established. The committeeoo which it is proposed to nominate in conncotion with this project would of course draw up rules for the formation and management of the fund. Board of Trustees.-Tho appointment of a board of trustees by the synod for all church property within the diocese is a subject which will require the most careful consideration. At presont the laws prohibit such an arrangement. Each private donor of land, and each district wherein the government males a grant of land for Church of England pur poses, is at liberty to make a oboico, and to eleot either lay trustees, or tho bishop of the diocese and his successors, to whom the land may be convoyed in trust. tatronago.-Tho question of patronage and of tho prosonlation of olergymoen to the inoumbenoy of parishes and occlosisstical districts within the diocese of Goulburn is one of grat importanco and diffioulty. It is well known that it involves tho bishop in con tinual anxioty; but it is not equally known that it also entails upon him a much larger expondituro of monoy than parishes are at ol aworo. it is not thoreforo, at least in tho diocese of Goulburn, a privilogo which any one covets, or which the bishop desires long to retain. At the same time the feeling of solemn responsibility in having to provide faithfnl and eoioient pastors for each flock in the diocess, would lead him to bh particularly careful under what circumstances and conditions ho would bo will ing to assent to any ordinaieco on the subject. When over the synod considers that the time has arrived for a now arrangement, it would I think be necessary for the synod to appoint a board of nominators to apt in concert with a board locally elected by such as have in any parish a right to voteto for the election of a representativo to the synod. In tho Sydney dio- . ceso a presentation ordinanco has boeen adopted; an ' the cseos to which it is applicablo are limitodto those in which provision is made for sccuriog to the clergyman a lstipend of notloss than £300 perannum, ., together with a teitabha residence. ytataio netconac -The propositlio, that an adece bo proeparod by a ele?ot conmittasoa't_ tin synod appealing for increaosed liberality on the part of members of the church in the diocese, is singularly opportune. It must be gratefully acknowledged that by the energies of a fow, very much has been accomplished in promoting the advancement of paro chial organization in several districts, and that to our Church Society we are deeply indebted for the material progress which has been achieved. But when we look abroad over the diocese and see 40,000 members of our church scattered over its surface, and then examine the returns of free contributions sent to our Church Society for the past year, and discover that the average sum given by each of the abovo members of the church for the general mis sionary objects of the diocese amounts only to seven pence per head, it is too oevident that the spirit of liberality and of anxiety for the religious welfare of tho community has not yet been poured not upon the diocese. Again, if we investigate the cases of the twenty-one parishes which pay the stipend of their minister through the medium of the Church Society, and learn that the averaeo payment from each individual member of the church for the arduous and self-denying services of their faithful pastors, amounts only to the sum of two shillings per head per annum, we have cause to humble ourselves as a diocese and to pray that God would graciously stir up such a spirit of justice amongst us as would prove that the labourer is aclknowledged to be worthy of his hire. Marriago.-With regard to the oxtension of the hours within which marriages may be celebrated in the diocese, I can only repeat what I said on a former occasion, that if it can be shown that, as a bishop of the Church of England, I have authority to give sanction to such a deviation from the acknowledged practice of the church of which we are a part, I will not withhold it. Travelling Clergyman.-The question of appoint ing a travelling clergyman to stir up the different parishes in their duty to their clergy, and to the Church Society, is one which has been mooted fre quontly. If the clergy can find a suitable person for this offce, and provide for the expense of his soustentation, and the cost of his travelling, I shall be glad to grant him a general license for the purpseo. Statistics.-I regret that the statistical questions, which were sent forth by order of the synod, have not been so promptly answered as was desired. But I trust that progress will be made before the publication of the proceedings of the pro sent session, and that the standing committee may be instructed to persevere in the inquiry until a complete summary is obtained. When these returns are duly made and tabulated, it will not be difficult to furnish the information in connexion with the incomes of the clergy, the amount of offertory col lections. &e.; Vote by Order.-So long as the number of lay representatives, authorieed by the constitutions to be elected in the several districts, placed under the care of licensed clergymen, exceeds the number of such clergymen, voting by order would seem to be just and equitable. Besides, the constitution cannot be altered by the vote of the synod. Assessments.-The last synod directed the stand ing committee to arrange that the amount of the liability of the first standing committee in the matter of the diocesan periodical should be raised in an equitable assessment of the various parishes of the diocese, the same to be kept distinct from the general aosssmoent, for which separate provision was made. In the report of the standing committee pro sented on the llth of March, 1871, certain liabilities in connection with the above periodical were clearly stated; but these were inadvertently omitted in the balance-sheet appended to that report. Neverthe less, if all the parishes will contribute the amounts at which they were rateably assessed on the 23rd of March, 1871, by the standing committee, the re maining liability will be cancelled. Several of the parishes are also in arrear for the .general expensee of the synod. Cathedral.-Plans for a cathedral church in Goul barn havoboon obtained from E. J. Illackett, ETq., of Sydney. Those have beaen generally approved, and the building committee has resolved that the present nnsightly building is to be removed, and the founda tione of the now building laid without unnecessary delay. As this is a diocesan undertaking, it may be necessary to remind the synod that it is desirable for them to commend this object to the support of the friends of the church in the diocese at large. Uburch Society.-The report of the Church Society will be laid on the table. There is a general wish, in which I concur, that reports should be published at an earlier period of the year. This can readily be arranged, if all the correspondents who remit money to the committee will be kind enough always to send therewith a precise statement of the object for which it is designed, and a list of the contribu tors. This plan would enable the secretaries to prepare the report for the press in January each year and to publish it without delay. I desire once more very strongly to commend this valuable society to the liberal support of the clergy and all the mem bers of the church in the diocese. I sincerely trust that we shall all endeavour to render this session more practically useful than some which have preceded it ; and that we shall gradually gain a clearer perception of the true design and value of synods, and of our duty to the church. May the Holy Ghost preside over our deliberations, and guide us in our solemn and responsible work, that we may be endowed with heavenly wisdom, saved from all prejudice and error, and united toge thor in the bond of brotherly love and mutual for bsaranco; so that in the end the gospel of Christ may be faithfully preached throughout the diocese, and the people led obediently to follow the same to the glory of our Divine Lord and Muster Jesus Ohrist. The oev. A. T. Poddicombo laid on the table the minute-book of the standing committee and road the report of its proceedings since the last session of synod. The report summarised the work that had booeen done according to the instructions issued during the session, pointing out that the various parishes had been assessed at sums varying from £3 to £20 I for general expenses, and from £3 to £30 for the Southern Observrr liabilities; that a sum of £41 16s. 4d. was still due on account of the former, and £89 4s. 2d. on account of the latter. It also stlted that the diocese had been divided into seven districts -throe in the archdeaconry of Goulburn and four in that of Yass, to each of which an associatiou eecre tary was appointed. The report further etated that the committee had drann up forme of statistical re turns for 1870. Thus had been sent to the various parishes, some of which had neglected to return them to the committee, while from others the returns wore imperfect. Mr. H. E. R?usell read the balanco-sheot of the standing committee on the general account and also on Southern Observer account. The following is a summary: Da. e" d. To balance Oth March, 1971 .... ........ 42 0 4 ca on eaCSOOntr ?nral feund e. t a . otto on account of Southern Oberver ...... 125e 8 Ca. 5202 8 CL. D? sundry disbursements- general fund ..............:....;......: 15 11 01 oetberaOberveraeount............. 8 O , balanee tn bank- nerl fund- ....... ...;,,0010 O 2\. 2 7 ' "£ lt The Rev. A. T. Puddioombe laid on the table statistical returns from several parishes. Mr. A. M. Betts moved, and the Very Rev. t' Dean of Goulburn soonded, that the thanks - .de synod be given to the Right Reverend the - ' :et the for his very able and clear address,. ...'resideot Carried unanimously. . The Rev. D. E. Jones was et. tery and Captain Rtssi chairr.- cted assislant seero. the Chancellor sead a .anof committees. litan Bishop of Sydne" :nation from the Motropo send representatives. r, snttisng upon the synod to Sydney, to be hr'd the lhe provincial synbd in "The Presit d n tter from the ett t ropolitaa inviting i d the .. ti. trbpolitas mofo0 i ? o- th'? - osoatnttvis of the synod to dvice, n oy o the 8th Octlober ate a counil of The following wvere elected as en electio cnom the leeltio. t ofl into and determine the validity of H. A. Gwynne, It. l. Earloe Ai ar -.rtees. U. . .-eowcomboe, T. • , i roarse, aoeors. .. o o. irks, Fe; E. G. B..owne, A. Tho house then adjourned till six p.m. On resuming, The Rev. A. T. Puddiceonbh moved "that the. report of the etonding comsrittee be adopted and. printed." Captain Rossi seconded the motion, which wnas Thse Rev. F. it. Seaborsno was elected clerk of committees. The Rev. A. T. Peddirr.mbo moved " that sin cl eri. al and six Jay m omberst with three supornumerap :ioe of each order, be eoleoterl to represent the diocos e of Goulbarn at the onsuiag moeeting of the provi, iciol synod, and that tha Bollowing be the represse pota. tives:-The Rove. A. D. Snares, T. Druitt, D. E. Jones, S.. S. Harper, D. P. I. Ilulbert, and the mover, with the Revs. J. G. Love, R. T. Earle, and J. 0. Bette as supernumeraries, and the LIon. C. Camp bell, Messrs. J. Boucher, V. J. Watson, T. Mate, and E. G. Browne, with Mfessrs. G. Campbell, A. t1. Betts, and Captain Rosai ev supernumeraries." As some of the proposed members were not pro sent, the motion was adjourned till next day, in the hope that they might be present. The following were elected to represent the synod in the council of advice, viz.:-Rove. T. Druitt and A. D. Soures; supernumerary, Rev. S. S. Harpur, the Hon. C. Campbell, E. G. Browno, with A. M. Beltt as supernumerary. The Rev. T. Druitt moved-" That it is expedient that a fond, to be called the parochial endowment fund, be raised with as little delay as possible; to be invested in the name of the bishop, and to be admin. istored by the synod for the sustentation of the clergy of the diocese needing assistance." lo thought the matter one of the highest import. ance, in order to ensure the existence of the church in the diocese. The church did not consist of clergy alone, but of the laity, with clergy as ministers to the laity, With some amount of shame he said ho believed there was scarce one district that maintained its own minister. There might perhaps be one or two, and it was a discredit to the diocese which the members of the Church of England ought long ago to have swept away. Lie found no record of any endowment from the wealthy members of the church. They availed themselves of all thl ministrations " but when it came to a qtsestion of the support of the clergy they did nothing. IUo had never received the amount of stipend that was guar anteed to him, still he had honestly and faithfully done his duty. His was not o solitary instance, only one among a multitude. There must he something at the root causing members of the church to be so backward. The diocese was liable to fluctuations, no that occasionally those in opulence might be re duced to poverty, and find themselves unable to do shat they intended. It was to meet this state of things that he brought forward this motion. If the perish were to raise a capital sum of say £5000 and invest it in the name of the bishop to be expended by the synod, this with any smaller additions would soon raise an endowment fund that would enable them to support themselves even without the aid of societies in England. The brother of the worthy chancellor had given him £50 for the church in Cooma on condition that the churchwardens should reoturn the money from receipts at the offertory and convert it in the name of the bisahn o a ann...,. wont l:id. Uno hblt had been returned, and some smnllor amount since. If members of the church would remember it was their duty to help those who were to come after them, they would add to this sum. If the synod had from two to throe hundred a year at its disposal, lay members would be glad to attend aid upon their report the synod could grant assist anco to their districts according as their necessities woro pointed out. Thus the more prosperous din tricta could nulast their leae fortunnto neighbourn. S nviog their dulty to their heavenly Mianter thu clorv were tieo servants of tho laity, serving themo from the time of their baptism till the hour of their death, bound to watch over them whether rich or poor. They bad to leave nil their earthly affeirs in their hands, and they had a right then to look to them for heir sustenance, and to ask them to pay tho stipends iromised to them when they entered upon their euros. If the laity could afford to make a postiion or themselves and their children, it was onlyjust that the clergy, who were quite as intelligent and as capable as any of the laity of looking after their own nterests, should have the means of living and of educating their children. Ito considered that the notion was one of vital importance to the church. Tho speaker concluded a long and able address by emarking upon the apathy evinced by the laity generally, and urging upon the syrod the necessity or assentina to his pronosition. Mr. W. G. O'Neill' seconded the motion. Ho could not, however, endorse all that had fallen from ho mover. The clergyman at Qucaobeyan could not be excelled in the discharge of his duties; but he was in the receipt of state- aid, in consequence of which the laity did not know how to give. The rev. mover of the resolution was also in receipt of state aid. (The Roev. T. Druitt: " How much?") He oelieved he had state-aid. He did not agree with hard words; they did no good. Sidesmon might be olected as in England, who could collect funds. The minister could not do everything. His (MIr. O',eill'e) district had been assessed for the Southern Observer, and he found no difficulty in collecting the amount. Ho hoped before the synod broke up that the clergy would lay their heads together and put something before the laity, and they would not be haseward. Theo 'r6sident remarked that three clorgymen-the Very oev. the Dean and the Rev. Messrs. Hulbert and Procter--received nothing from other parishes, and that Albury, Balrainald, Braidwood, and Went worth sustained their own clergymen, while there were other parishes equally capable of doing so. Only eltven clergymen contributed to the Church Society, and seventeen did not. Generous contributions had been made of land to the church. Fourteen parishes had endowments in land, which would hereafter be valuable; and in Sydney considerable amounts in endowments had been raised in email sums. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel said if the bishop certified that £5000 was raised it would give £1000. Heo trusted that something tangible would be arrived at. The Chancellor regretted that he could not speak exactly in support of a view held out by the Presi dent. He could not support the motion, and was in clined to move the previous question. Ho must al lude to what had fallen from one speaker in the shape of a sneer at the rev. mover having state-aid. Originally the church in these colonies was con nectod with the established charch, and supported as such. The spoeaker wont into a long statement of ] the rise and progress of the church in the colonies, referring to thbo hardships undergone by the late Archdeacon Cowper, who lived upon £150 a year and rations, which consisted of sait Tahitian pork, giving a grophic description of ( that .dible salted under a tropical sun. Ho spoko of I the church in the time of Sir Richard Bourke, re ferred to the attempt to overturn the Estlblished Church in Ireland in the time of Daniel O'Connell, ( pointing out that Sir Richard Bourhe's view was that the state would pay the clergyman a sum equal to that contributed by those who put down their names as attendants on his ministrations. It was under this system that Sir. Druitt came into the receipt of £100 a-year, as Cooma was too poor to build a church. He went on to mention the dilli culty he had experienced in his attempt to collect subscriptions in his own district. He said he and his brother had assisted to do away with stato-aid, bo. cause it was used as a pretext for not aiding in the support of the ministry. At the Cape it was pro posed to follow the exampla of Australia, but to " ae a provision by endowment. In this colon. at -he no hope of carrying out the resolution ,l ho had of tho laity. oe drew a picture o, .,y thu hannd church in America in 1815 or '. . tho state of the it with its present state, um- d20, and contrasting thoe clergy there work ' .antioning that tho sons of wood, &e.; Ie bhr- .1 with their hands, drawing ariso here, but ' .ped a better state of thinge would le qufeati' . aoubted if it would be in his time. it to "" .aed how the fund was to bo raised. Was mc' jin each district to support its own clergy .u, or a fund to bo placed at the disposal of the synod for general distribution e Le alluded to the sustentation ordinance without a penalty attached to disobedience. Another resolution passadat the same time he objected to, vie., that parishes should be taxed to meet liabilities on account of the Southern Observer. (The Very oev. the Dean: Quite enough of that. I protest ugainst anything more being said on the subject.) Mr. E. G. Brown xoso to a point of order. The subject was not relevant to the matter in hand. The President did not seeo how it bore on the question. Tho Chancellor: The penalty provided was that the clergyman could resign his cure if his stipend was not paid; but this was of no effect as the laity did not place sufficient va'uo on theo ministrations of religion. Ho remarked that offertory collections "woro specially ordained for theo supportof ministers, and that wealthy people put on theplatothe smallest coin they could find in their pockets. He contrasted the wages of a labourer or artizan in England and tho colonies, and pointed out if each man contributed according to his means much might be done. After speaking about tithes, ho said if owners of flocks and herds gavo only a third of a tenth it would raise a fund sumfficient to enable his Lordship to send a cler gyman to any district whore it is now impossible to raise the stipend. Ho then went into an elaborate statemeont about the church and school lands, declar ing that the Church of England had not been dealt fairly with in the matter. Ho inveighed against tho apathy and indifference of the laity, but was inter rupted b - Mr. O'Neill, and concluded a long address by moving the previous question. I The Roe v. S. S. Harpur supported tho motion. The argument, of his learned friend .wont to prove the . necessity of such a motion. iHe had argued upon the apathy of the laity. This had been met by the oustentation ordinance, and the present motion would do more. Ho himself did not believe.their apathy was so great. If there was apathy it was amongst a class of people who can be acted upon, for it was a fact that stipends were raised for the sue tentation of clergymon of other denominations out of members of the Church of England. He heartily agreed with the motion. The Rev. A. D. Soares failed to see the point of the chancellor's arguments. He appeared to attri buto the non-support of the clergy to the apathy of the laity. If such existed, they wanted a fund to be raised to counteract that apathy. The only way of raising this fund was by making an effort. And, knowing what the chancellor's family had done, he was surprised at his objection. In Queanboyan they had two globes ; other parishes might have the same. The flockmastere were wealthy, and one not a hun dred miles from Goulburn, when applied to for an sintanco said he would give nothing till a compre hensivo schemo was adjusted to Eecure the stipends of the clergy. Such a echme could be devised, and they might soon raise the £5000 to entitle them to the £1000 mentioned by the president. Mr. Boucher advocated a general susnentation fund, and wished to know if any amount raised would go to a local or general fund. The Very Roe. the Dean moved the adjournment of the debate till next day. Captain Rossi seconded the motion. The Chancellor said with consent he would with draw his motion of the previous question. The motion for adjourning the debate was carried. The Rev. T. Drnitt moved that the house adjourn till next day. Mr. W\\. H. Itaybury seconded the proposition. Mr. O'Neil moved and the Rev. A. T. Poddicombe seconded an amendment that the business bhe pro ceeded with till ten p.m. After some discussion as to whether other motions standing in the name of the Rev. Mr. Draitt should not be proceeded with, the amendment was put and lost. The motion for adjournment was then put and carried, and the house adioernoed till next day. 