ENGLISH AND AMERICAN EXTRACTS. A Feline Ghost. --In tho haunted noighbour- hood of North Pockhnm, I hojiponod to Licnr a rather funny "ghost" story— a capital ono, by tho way, for tho Spiritualists, had not tho " ghost" in question boon dotocted. It appears that at a certain houso in East Surroy Grove, somo short time ago, there used of nn ovoning ' to bo a rhost mysterious knocking at tho front door. When it commenced it was set down to tho credit ol somo mischievous boys, and. tho good man of the houso detorminod to dotoot and punish tho delinquents. About tho hour tlio annoyanco usually happonod, ho took his stnnd bohind tho door, with a good cano in his hand, and awaited anxiously tho coming of tho depre dators. IIo had not long to wait boforo ho hoard n most mystorious scramble against tho door, followed quickly by a sharp rat-a-tat at the knocker. Ho throw open tho door, and sprang out in a moment; but lo 1 not n soul was to be soon, and there was not n Bound of a retreating footstop I Another night ho watched with tho snmo result. Tho mystery now began to crouto somo alarm in tho housohold, nnd tho master, who was no boliovor in ghosts, transferred his vigils to tho parlour window, whore ho could soo wliothor anyono approached tho door. Whilo ho was thus ongagod, a sudden rnt-n-tat was hoafd. No one had gono in, no 0110 had corao out 1 Mystery of mysteries I IIo bogan to think that thoro wero moro things in hoaven nnd earth than ho had dreamt of in his philosophy. Still, ho would not givo in, but rosolvod to try another plan. Going out into tho sireot, ho stood and watched his knocker. As ho did so, ho nindo tho astounding discovory that tho do- linqnout was a cat 1 Tho animal upproachod, sprang up at tho door, insortodono of its hind foet in tho key-holo, whilo with its fore foot it performed lively variations upon tho knockor. Now, oven n cat must havo had somo object in viowir. knocking at a door, and my informant, who was of nn inquiring turn of mind, ondoavourod to solvo tho problem, and this is tho solution at which ho arrived — Mr. Grimalkin was undoubtedly coming a-courting. — South Ijondon Press. The Latest New Youk Sensation.— Letters roccived lioro from England put tho extra ordinary quostion seriously wholher a niarriugo ' betwoen tho son of Prosidont Grant and tho Priucoss Beatrico of England might not bo so arranged us to socuro tho entente cordiula be tween tho two countries. Tho Queen has originated tho proposition, just as alio did that for tho marriago of hor daughter Louiso to tho Marquis of Lorno. Tho young Princess is only fourteen years of ngo, and tho Quoon's idoa is that upon tho re-election of Prosidont Grant nnd tho beginning of his socond torm in 1873 tho nnptials bo solemnised. Young Mr. Grant would thon bo adoptod as a British subject, and imme diately appointed Viceroy of tho Dominion of Canada. It is hor Majosty's belief that in this way tho fooliyg of tho threo countries of Amoricn, Canada, and Groat Britnin could bo harmonised as closely ns their intorosts. Tho letters which cqinmunicato this surprising pro position nro writton in porl'oct good faith, nnd by porsons of tho highost position in Groat Britain. Ono of thorn assorts that tho idoa really camo from Mr. Seward, by whom it was suggested to tho Earl of Mayo in India, and by tho oarl thon taken up nnd communicated to tho Quoen through ono of his lordship's friends, Lady "Watorpark, n lady in waiting upon her Majosty. It is also statod that tho matter wns ontrustod to tho London correspondent of a leading Radical journal of New York, who left London suddenly for Now York about a mbpth ngo, commissioned to sound tho Prosident nphn the subject. This correspondent nssured tho Quoon's Ministers that tho re-election of Presi dent Grant wns absolutely certuin, and thus contributed mainly to givo them confidenco in tho schemo. Tho ngitation now going on in fuvour of Mr. Greeley may disturb his plans. Bnt it may bo considoro,d certain that ho has oponed negotiations on tho subject with tho Dont family nnd Mrs. Grnnt. — The World. Charging pou Marriage Announcements. Mr. Grant tolls a very good story of the origin of tho custom of churging for tho insertion of niarringo announcements. At first those' w'oro pnblishod frooly, as thoy still nro by many pro vincial papers. But in tho early days of tho Times it was the custom in announcing a mar riago to state tho amount of tho brido's'dowry £20,000 or £30,000, whntover it might happen to bo, and in looking through tho ladios' column ouo morning nt broukfast, Mr. Walter throw ont tho suggestion that if a man marriod all that monoy ho might certainly pay a trifling por centago upon it to the printor for acquainting tho world with tho fact. " Theso marriage fees would form a nioo littlo pockot monoy for 1 mo, my dear," added Mrs. Waltor, and as a joko hor husband agreod to try tho oxporimont. Tho chargo nt first wns but a triflo, and tho nnnunl amount probably not much ; hut Mrs. Walter, nt hor death, passed this prescriptivo right of hors to her danghtor, and whon a fow yours ngo tho right was re-purchased by tho present pro prietor, it was assessed at £4000 or £5000 a your. The Expenses op the late Action against Miss Jex Blake. — The Lord Provost presided at a meeting in tho Council Chambers on Monday, at which Miss Jex Blake was prosontod with a cheque for moro than a thousand pounds, which had been subscribed to pay tho oxponsos of tho Into trinl in which sho wns found Iiablo to a farthing damages for defamation. Tho total sum subscribed was £1067, nnd tho number of sub scribers was 256. — Edinburgh paper. A Desirable Plant poii a Buy Country. In a tract of country in tho north-wostorn pnrt of Africa, distinguished for its dry nud rich soil, tho Boston Journal of Chemistry snys, a gigantic perennial melon has- boon discovered, which is a most delicious wholesome fruit, and which is largely consumed by the nutivo inhabitants ns food. In order-that this melon should flourish it iB necessary that it should striko its roots through the sund 30 ft. to reach permanent mois ture. This it does, and grows in groat luxuriance where all olso is shrivelled and parcbod with tho hout. But this is not nil. If it was simply a hngo melon, with smooth nnd delicate skin, ovory ono wo.uld bo destroyed by, wild beasts before coming to maturity. To prevent this, nature has armod its outor rind with a covering of long, sharp, torrible thorns, which so lacorate tho mouth and nose of animals that thoy aro glad to let them alone in all their tempting freshness. Man, with hia hands and sharp knives, fiudB littlo difficulty in opening the luscious fruit. Tho natives have no necessity of putting fencos nhout their melon patches, for iho plants aro aolf-pro- tectivo. 