THE COMING COAIET. ( Saturday Revieiv.) NERVOUS people, as it is creditably slated, have boon put to groat anxiety by tlio announce ment which recently appeared in tho pnpprs, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comae rustling straight towards us with amazing rapidity from tho remote abysses of space, and 3'ot pursuing its courso with as little teudouey to deviation as though it weio ruiinitjg upon rails. Some friaudly planet might 113 possibilit3 put forth a helping hand, nnd twist tlio approaching monster from its i curse, as tho hero of a novel diverts tho runaway steed 'just as it is about to crush tin heroine. Good-natured astronomers have 1 taken pains to 'explain that there is 110 such comet coming ; that, if it were coining, it would he a very welcome visitor ; and that we liavo already passed through a comet; and found it loss obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers incnn_yvell, but they are terribl3' prosaic people. ("They ought surely to under-' st-ind that they are robbing lis of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood — for even astronomers have been boys —snatched a fearful joy from tho ghosts and other super natural dangers with which a childish imagina tion loves to people the dim borders of its'little world 1 Would 11113'body willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at onco the charm and terror of his ear 13 years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a rail road station? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the eoniet oi our child hood. The huge fieiy monster plunging through > tlio sky with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a-matheiiiatical hook put in its jaws, till his improssiveiiess has departed from him.. Wo know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that tlio horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a grainimvoious nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have be come as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that, somo time or other, the world would ho smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, 113 a fato ns in exorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, 1 his fellow-philosoplutrs found fault with some of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, howover, for a brief period "dally , with ialso surmise,", and endeavour to rot urn , 'to -the simple faith of n child. Let us imagine that tho astronomer has roally prophesied our 1 approaching fate, nnd that tho prophecy is cor root-. Within a'few weeks wo sliall be nble, without tho help of tolescopes, to seo tho little 1 cloud, 110 biggor than u man's hand, and , fraught witli omens moro dreadful than liavo . ovor beforo affrighted tho human race. It , will grow, slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of incroaso almost porceptiblo to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will bo lit up with tho fiery portent. Night by night wo shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will bo brilliant onougb to outshine tho snn itadf. The temperature will riso to bo first tropical, uud theu hotter than anything that is' endured in tho hottest room of a Turkish bath. But tho time during which wo shall be con scious of excos.sivo heat will bo briof indeod. Tho two largo bodies, plunging towards oach other at a paoo compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If wo happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not bare timo even for an ejaculation. Tlio potty race of iusects that crawls amongst the little excrescences on tho earth's skin will bo instantaneously dismissed frem exislonco. On the othor side Of tho world we sliall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. Wo shall soe tho mountains, with out any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into spaoo just ns the dust — to indulge in a humblo simile — is knocked oil' the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of tho broken frag ments of tli earth starting off, each oil its new career, to whirl through tho universe, each bearing with it — so wo shall romoinber 011 the faith of a president of tlio British Association — somo minute germs to be planted, if they hnve good luck, on somo distant planet, and thero to begin ovor agnin that endless process of evolution which will liavo conic to so sum mary a conclusion bore. Or, if we plcnso, wo may oontemplato nnolhor alternative, and supposo that wo just miss the nucleus of the comet, but nro wrapped in bis fiory tail, which will tui'u oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of the polos, and singe the world into tho likenoss of 1111 American prairie after a firo. Nothing will bo left but a vust surface of gt'oy nslies, gradually to bo converted into mud ns the wators ngain condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas ! wo can not claim the eloquence which would bo neces sary to do justico to such tremendous catas- trophos. Milton, writing under tho superin tendence of Dr. Gumming, might pos.sibl3 be equal to tho task of describing the complete nnd instantaneous ruin ol a world, but nature is not prodigal, sho only givos 0110 such mind at a time. Wo have ventured to suggest the' bare .out lines of a purrlv imaginary picture, which our readers must till up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquiic what would he the. stato of our minds if such a catastrophe could really bo predicted 011 scientific grounds, and wo were really to believe the men uf science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly prolmblo that wo should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathe matics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth tilings, even if tlioy hnd to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose, bit let us imagine that this difficulty is sur mounted. If we were all really convinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on tlio. next 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would bo (summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds ? Thinnest natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would lie thrown out ol gear, and that wn should bo reduced to tlio stato of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would en deavour to awaken the consciences of tho sinners around them ; whilst the sinners would become, utterly reckless, and would remember that there was 110 use in keeping a cellar of wine to bo consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, he manifest ; but tho question remains, how far it would ho over- powered by the opposite tendency to bo can-tod 011 by simple vis iaerliee in our old grooves. After a little time one would become mora or less accustomed to tlio prospect. One would fuel that, if it was not worth while to under take anything now, neither was it worth wliilo to give up the old employments which liavo become necessary parts of our exfctence. Thero are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted 011 taking his accustomed pill an hour before lie was banged ; and, if wo were all under sentence of execution — as, in deed, soi minis are apt to remind lis that wi are, even without the. intervention of a comet — it is, perhaps, reasonable to supposo that we should act in tho same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, "It's all very well ; we shall 'not want anything more after the 12th ot August; hut that is 110 reason why we should not have, our regular mould and c-ujoy our newspapers at breakfast." 