TOWN TALK. It is satisfactory to learn from a state ment made by the Rev. G. Goodman, M.A., on Sunday, that the new -system recently pursued by the Church of England, in col- I lecting funds for the support of clergymen in country districts has, in this district at any rate, answered well. In alluding to the subject the reverend gentleman said the call made upon the parishioners by the local Archidiaconal Council, had been well responded to, many having approved of the funds collected inadistrictbeingspentwhere collected. Still there were some who had not, as yet, subscribed, and these were reminded that the council would meet on Tuesday to apportion the funds. Without such aid he said it would bequite impossible to hold several country parishes which must have help from without, in other words the town must support the country. It is now some time since the attention of the Anakie Sugar-Beet Company was called to the fact that the farmers in the district south of the Barwon had grown large quantities of the root required, and were desirous of ascertaining what price would be paid for it if delivered in Gee long.' No notice has been taken of the matter by the company, and it now appears that if a satisfactory reply is not quickly given" growers of beet intend to utilise it by giving it to their cattle and pigs. Had it not . been for the establishment of the company, and the consequent prospect of being able to dispose of their produce at a remunerative rate, many farmers would not have planted sugar-beet. _ A dastardly assault, likely to prove serious, was perpetrated near Meredith, on Friday, on an old man named Page, in the employ of Mr O'Keefe. It appears that O'Keefe employed one of the many tramps passing that way to dig potatoes, in com pany with Page, and that on Mr O'Keefe finding fault with the manner in which the fellow was doing his work, he retaliated on Page by kicking him in the abdomen in the most brutal manner. He then bolted, and has not yet been captured owing to the absence of Constable Wilson, who is attending the Criminal Sessions in Gee long _ Page was removed to the Geelong Hospital on Saturday in a very weak state, and his condition is considered very precarious. According to his state ment the assault would appear to have been as cowardly as it was un provoked. He alleges that he was stooping down filling the potatoes he had dug into a bag, when his assailant came up from behind, and, having knocked him down, kicked him till he was tired, and then jumped on him. He was thoroughly prostrated from the effects of his injuries, and lay on the ground for three hours, when the lad who was employed to cart the'potatoes to Meredith arrived, and, hav ing assisted him into the dray, conveyed him to Mr O'Keefe's residence, whence he was removed to Geelong on the following day. The trial of J. M'Kinnon, formerly a storekeeper and publican at Inverleigh, for fraud, has been postponed till the next Circuit Court. This course was deemed necessary in consequence of the large amount of criminal and civil business at the present circuit, and the fact that bis Honor Judge Williams must leave Geelong on Tpesday in order, to be present at a meeting of the Executive, at Melbourne, on the following day A well-known tradesman named Henry Holland met with a serious accident on Saturday afternoon. He was standing on a ladder in the interior of Christ Church, and engaged fastening a cord to one of the ventilators in the roof, when the ladder slipped from under him. He held on to the cross-beams of the roof, and contrived to swing himself hand over hand to the principal when he expected to find a foot ing, but unfortunately his feetslipped andhe fell to the floor, a distance of about 18 feet. Fortunately he escaped the pews, but he was seriously shaken, and for some time completely stunned by the effects of the fall. The Rev Geo. Goodman at once sent for Dr. Reid and one or two other medical gentlemen, who recommended his removal to the hospital, where he was ad mitted shortly afterwards. The unfortunate little chi.1,4 which was found some ten days ago on the doorstep of a house in Fitzroy Place, never recovered from its exposure to the cold, and notwith standing the attention paid it by Dr Macfciii, died on Friday. No trace has yet been discovered of its mother, whose cruelty caused the death of her helpless offspring. Is it to be understood that the police are going to let this matter slip through their hands ? Some very extraordinary disclosures were made during the trial of the farmer Nangle and his wife for arson, at the Circuit Court on Saturday. The evidence briefly went to show that Nangle, the owner of a farm at Meredith, early in 1871 insured his house, barns, and agricultural implements with Mr Dugald Rankin, for £580, and his crops, consisting of two stacks of wheat and one of oats, with Mr James Campbell, agent for the Australasia Company, for £270. About a month afterwards, while Nangle is in Geelong, his place at Mere dith is burned, and he applies to Mr Ran kin for the amount of his policy, but after some conversation agrees to take £390 in full of all demands against the company, and an agreement drawn up in writing to that effect is signed by Nangle. On the following day, however, a letter is sent by Mr Harwood, solicitor to Mr Rankin repudiating this arrangement, and even tually the question of the value of the property destroyed, and the consequent liability of the insurance companies is referred to arbitration. The result of the arbitration is that Nangle is awarded the full amount of his claim, and thereupon the £580 is paid by the company for which Mr Rankin is agent. On Saturday, how ever, Thomas Newell and Joseph Butcher two of the witnesses who gave material evidence before the sheriff on the occasion when the affair was submitted to arbitra tion, declared that the evidence they then gave was utterly false ; that they had been hired by Nangle to perjure themselves; that they were rehearsed in the evidence they were required to give before Mr Harwood, who was Nangle's solicitor throughout the transaction; and that Mr Harwood himself knew all about it. An other witness named Mousell declared that Nangle met him in Geelong, and made overtures to him in the same way as the others, but that he resolved to have nothing to do in the matter. It is stated that the affair will not be allowed to rest where it is. Some amusement was caused in the Mechanics' Institute on Saturday evening by a young " Son of Temperance." Dur ing the performance of the farce, " The Spectre Bridegroom," one of the characters, Captain Yauntington, is supposed to be on the watch'for the spectre, and has a bottle | of brandy by his side. The spectre comes, I the watcher quickly makes himself scarce, and the spectre lifts the bottle of brandy to his lips, tastes the spirit, and remarks, "brandy, and good brindy too." His action was iutently watched by the young ster, who could restrain himself no longer, when he saw the ghost about to drink again, and in a voice sufficiently loud to have been heard all over the hall, but for the laughter, he called out, "If you do you'll suffer for it." He seemed to be quite surprised when a lady who was with him pulled him back into his seat, he evi dently thought he had only done what he ought to do in endeavouring to check a man from taking that which " steals away the brains." As might have been expected, the meet ing having been called at such an incon venient hour, there was no quorum of the members of the Geelong Quoit Club on Saturday evening. It was decided to re advertise the meeting for this evening, when it was'hoped there would.be a really good attendance, as important business is to be transacted. Another of the members of the working committee of the Sussex, Mr James Noble, commenced on Saturday to distribute his third of the £100 awarded by the company to the committee for their services He divided the amount as follows:-Ladies' Benevolent Association, £2 2s; Church of England general fund, £5; Church of England, Connewarre, £5 ; Young Men's Association, £1 Is; Hospital, £3: towards planting Chilwell Flat with trees, £5; Protestant Orphan Asylum, £2 2s. How the balance was allotted was not ascer tained. The Rev. W. Henderson of Ballarat, preached yesterday (Sunday) to a numer ous congregation at the High Church, Gheringhap-street. The text was Luke XI. 2, " Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth," and the discourse, a. very eloquent one, was listened to with great attention. This evening Mr Henderson will deliver a lecture at the same place on the great Scottish reformer " John Knox," a subject, which, handled by a lecturer of such unquestionable ability, cannot fail to attract a large audience. A rather rich scene occurred in the Cir cuit Court on Saturday evening. _ The case against Nangle and wife having closed, and as his Honour was about to sum up, the Crown Prosecutor, Mr Adamson, left the court.' Shortly afterwards he returned, having during his absence doffed his wig and gown. His Honour was referring to two cases which bore upon the point at issue when Mr Adamson, forgetting that without his wig he was not properly before the court, got up to call his Honour's atten tion to a portion of the evidence. This brought Mr Molesworth to his feet. '? Who," said he, " is this gentleman-who is this person, your Honour, who thus ven tures to address you." Mr Adamson looked round astonished. Could it be that bis learned brother did not know him, or why such an interruption ? His Honour saw the joke, a smile spread over his comfort able countenance, and the wigless barrister was allowed to proceed. The practice of allowing owners of eattle to turn their cowa out on the main road to graze at night is most dangerous, and ought to be put a stop to. On Sunday evening, the mail coach from Colae was narrowly being upset near Birregurra, and again near Clifford, through ? cows convert ing the main road into a sleeping apart ment. Some porpoises were observed yesterday (Sunday) sporting about in the bay between the railway wharf and the western baths. They were of very large size, and attracted some attention. It would be well if a policemen were told off for duty on the railway wharf on a Sunday, afternoon during the trevalla season. Yesterday a gentleman connected with one of our local breweries was sur rounded with larrikins, whose impudence and bad language could not well be sur passed. They began. to chaff him about " sheoak," &c.;, till getting bolder, they threatened to mob him, and would pro bably have done so but for several respect able persons interfering. A memorandum from the local telegraph office informs us that telegraphic communi cation is now established with Fryerstown,. near Castlemaine. No fewer than five inebriates were locked up by the police between Saturday forenoon and-early on Sunday morning. Three of them were bailed out, the necessary depo sit of £10 each being lodged by their friends. The bright sunshine on Saturday after noon drew a number of cricketers to the Corio ground, and some excellent practice was enjoyed. A slight alteration has been made in the arrangements for the Black and White Match on Saturday next; the World will be represented by 11 instead of 15 players. _ The precociousness of our rising genera tion is proverbial, and the following anec dote, told by Mr Stuart O'Brien, fully carries out the statement. He was walking down Stephen-street, in Melbourne, a few weeks ago, when he came upon a crowd of men and boys who had formed a ring in which two lads were fighting. Neither of the combatants apparently was over thir teen years of age, still they fought with great . determination. After one of the rounds a man said to one ot them, " Why don't you walk into him f taJcc off your shirl and go at it." Hearing this, the other youngster went up to the man and said, " What have you got to do with it ? you leave him alone, will you ? Til get his shirt out for him soon enough." It will be heard with regret by the numerous friends of the hon. the Minister of Lands (remarks the Age) that Mrs grant's recent illness has been of a most dangerous character. At one stage of it the most serious cqnsequences were feared. Happily a change for the b,otter took place, and Mrs Grant is now slowly recovering. The condemned man Feeney is stated by the Herald, still to maintain a leserved and taciturn manuer, and so far has made no sign in the way of a confession. He has been visited by I)r Paley, who received instructions from the Government to that effect. The young woman M'lfenzie has ''.M visited the prisoner, who occupies the condemn^ cell, being ironed, as is usual in such cases as his. . The Treasurer, understands t'le > has resolved to do away with the Oii.T? Inspector of Stores, no provision for whom will be made on the estimates for the ensu ing year. The Commissioner of Railways has as sented to a rebate being made in tlie cost of the carriage of wool, per ton, from IScbuca, equivalent to the amount charged for wharfage rates on wool crossing the Border, or conveyed down the Murray to the Ecbuca railway station. So says the Tele graph. From later Californian news, received via Newcastle, it appears that none of the pro posed increased ocean mail subsidies are likely to be granted. A telegram to the Ballarat Post, from Sandhurst, says a fatal accident occurred on Saturday morning at about seven o'clock, at the claim of Colman and Sacchi's Tribute Company. The engine boiler burst and killed on the spot one of the workmen, a man named Herbert, aged about 30. The chimney stack was levelled to the ground, and the surroundings of the boiler were scattered in all directions. The machinery is stated to be old. The wmpluneatery fyuxpitf-tQ Msm Casey and Moore, members for Mandurang, ?liycii'm the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, on B'riday evening, is stated by the Bendigo Advertiser to have been a great success. The Mayor of the borough presided, and among those present with the guests were the Hon. A. Mackay, and Messrs Burrows, \V. C. Smith, and Ramsay, MsL.A.; and a large number of local and influential electors. The feature of the evening was the speech by Mr Casey; Mr Moore's was a very good and appropriate address. Mr Casey's speech lasted for about an hour and a half, and by the time Mi Moore had con cluded, it was eleven o'clock. After this, a large number of toasts were proposed aud responded to, the banquet being protracted till a quarter-past twelve. The members of the Diphtheria Com-7 mission returned to Melbourne on Friday,/ after their visit to Daylesford, where they took the eviJenee of Drs. M'Gregor, M'ln tyre, and Massey. It is the intention of tie commissioners to come to Geelong to-diy, for the purpose of obtaining the evidence of several medical gentlemen. The Bendigo Advertiser say's that the man Cliff, at the Circuit Court, on Friday, .was ; found guilty of the charge of rape preferred . against him, and was sentenced to death, . without hope of reprieve. In delivering judgment, Sir Redmond Barry referred to the increasing frequency of these heinous offences against society, remarking that, hitherto the punishment meted out had not been successful in alarming other offenders, and he expressed a hope the example which ? would be made of this prisoner would have. that effect. . The case was sucn an asgravated one, and . the circumstances so peculiarly atrocious, that he saw not one solitary feature that would iustify him in holding out any hope of mitigation. Sentence of death was then pronounced in the usual form, and with , the concluding words, " May the' Lord 'Have mere}' on your soul," the convict uttered a piercing cry, and fell forward against the side of the dock in a swoon, in which condition he was removed by two warders. Last night he was placed in the condemned cell, where he now awaits the' will of the Executive Council and his doom. The interest displayed during the progress of the . trial, which occupied over three hours, was very great, and at the critical stage* the excitement in the crowded court was most intense. The glowing accounts lately received of Northern Australia have had their effect on our population. It appears from the Tele graph that there is a demand for convey ance to the spot sufficient to induce Messrs M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Go. to place one of their Bteamers on the berth. The vessel is to be despatched in about three weeks. The Telegraph Btates that on Tuesday evening last, about half-past 5 o'clock, a convict named Henry Edwards, employed working amongst the gang at the mouth of the Saltwater River building a' sea' wall, managed to effect his escape, and has not since been heard of, although his absence was soon discovered. It is - supposed that he made his way towards Footscray. Ed' wards was undergoing a sentence of thirteen years for burglary committed in Melbourne. He' is twenty-eight years of age, and was located on board the hulk Sacramento. Andrew George Scott was again brought up at theBallarat City Police Court on Satur day, charged with the Egerton Bank rob bery, and, so says the Mail, the police asked for a remand until Saturday, which is pre liminary to a further remand to the Gor dons Police Court, where the prisoner is to be tried on the 8 th of May-singularly enough, the date on which the robbery was committed in the year 1869. The Age understands that the Govern ment have.in contemplation the granting of an annual allowance to the officers of the Naval Reserve, a circular having been sent round inquiring of them what amount would be considered sufficient. We regret to learn that serious fears are entertained as to the safety of the brig Magnet, of Greymouth, which sailed from Melbourne for that port on. the 18th of February, and had not arrived at the date of the latest advices from Greymouth, although vessels which sailed after her have made the run down and back again. The Magnet had on board seventeen passengers and a crew of nine men. It is supposed that the wreck seen by Captain Gartb, of the schooner Seabird, in- a gale about the 1st of April, 300 miles off the Tasmanlaji coast, was a portion of that of .the Magnet, to which its description answered. -The Inglewood Advertiser records this narrow escape from drowning: - "On Friday as Mr C. Isaac was driving his coach from Berlin to Inglewood, when a little past the site of Hones's Ilalf-way House, upon reaching -a low part ot the road where- a "small ' creek 'has been dammed back, he was astonished to see, as he first thought, a boy sitting on top of the water. Upon looking closer, however, he discovered that the boy was perched upon the back of a horse, with his hands upon the points of the haimes, while the horse's head and guard-iron of the dray were just visible. Mr Isaac at once stripped and . went in . to the rescue, and after a considerable amount of trouble-neither he nor the boy being able to swim- succeeded in bringing the boy and horse safe to dry land once more. Upon being questioned, the lad, who is a son of Henry Tatchell, and is only eleven years ot age, said that he was driving along the road and had turned the horse towards the water to drink, when, owing to the steepness of the bank, the animal had gone too far forward, and had got into the position in which Mr Isaac had found them, and in which they had been forbalf an-hour. .Another horse was tied behind the dray, but' had managed to get loose and away. ' According to the Telegraph, a meeting of the promoters of the Port Phillip Yacht ing Club was held in the Port.Phillip Club hotel on Friday night, Mr Timms in the chair. It was announced that nearly sixty gentlemen had consented to become mem bers, and after some discussion, it was resolved that Mr Solcberg should act as secretary, and Major Stokes as treasurer pro tern. We learn from the Bendigo Advertiser that at the Sandhurst Circuit Court, on Friday, James Trevorrow pleaded not guilty to a charge of carnally knowing a girl named Mary Ann Sinclair Warde, about twelve years of age. The offence was al leged to have been committed in a buggy at the Spring Gully Reservoir, on Sunday, 4th February. The chief witness against the prisoner was the girl herself, and at the police court she gave her evidence with a clearness and apparent truthfulness, which, combined with the fact that it was unshaken after a two hours' cross-examination, led to the formation of an unfavorable impression of the prisoner's case. In her evidence, yesterday, she remembered everything up to the joint as to what took place in the buggy ; here her memory failed, and neither the Crown prosecutor nor the Judge could get her to remember. When asked what she had stated in the Police Court on this particular point, she could not recollect, but she remembered to say that what she had told in the Police Court was a " big story," and that Mrs Parker prompted her to tell it. Mrs °«rker contradicted this. From the cross examinatiod of the witness the defence appeared to be, that the girl was a liar, that she had been cohabiting with China men, and that the charge against the pri soner was a vile conspiracy.to extort money. The judge stopped the defence, and directed the jury to find a verdict for the prisoner, and the jury did (sp. Then he gave the girl a severe lecture, and regretted that he had not the power tQ order her repeated whippings for the lies she had poured fof t|j in the most flippant and laughing manner, in the witness-box. The prisoner was thetj discharged. Within one month from the 26th insf. the following persons are to be gazetted member of school No. 1147, Inverleigh Geo. Peel, Wm. Murrell, Pat. M. Herriclf, Jas. Day, Alex. M'Callum, Wm. Fletcher, Thos. Read, John James George, Samuel Wilson, James Kininmont. The treasurer of the Ladies' Benevolent Society desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a cheque for £3 from Mrs Wyselaskie, Narrapumelap, as a donation ' to tta fiuids of Ibe The secretary of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum desires to acknowledge the receipt of £2 2s from James Noble, Esq., being a portion of amount awarded to him as one of the managing committee of the ship Sussex. The secretary of the hospital wishes to acknowledge through our columns the re ceipt of a sum of £3 from Mr Jas. Noble per Mr G. F. Belcher towards the funds of the institution, being .portion of his award from the Sussex Wreck Co.; also, a sub scription of £5 5s from Mr Walter Scott. 