MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1872. It is of great importance to young countries whose opportunities of profit- ably employing capital are almost boundless, and whose progress, there- fore, is intimately connected with their credit, that no unfounded speculations as to their probable policy in the future, which are calculated to depreciate their securities in the eyes of investors, should be allowed to pass unchallenged. It is on this account we notice an article that appeared originally in the Daily News, and was copied into the Home News which arrived by last mall, on the subject of Indian and colonial indebted- ness, and the advantages their various Government stocks offer as fields for safe investment. We should have thought that it was somewhat late in the day for our contemporary to in- form its readers that these com- munities must be regarded, as far as their respective debts are concerned, as so many independent states; that they frame their tariffs according to their pleasure, and raise loans and levy taxes as seemeth to them good. But we suppose that it was done out of a tender regard for that total ignorance of all things connected with Australia which characterises the average Briton. As far as loans are concerned, the writer shows by his own figures that we have not abused the powers entrusted to us ; but he is haunted by the ghost of a suspicion that the quicksands of ex- travagance which we have avoided in the past will swallow us up in the future, A tendency to run riot in money matters is, he tells us, the be- setting sin of young communities ; but with the exception that we in Victoria have built some 250 miles of rail- way in a style of completeness and substantiality unsurpassed and unsur- passable, when lines costing about one-seventh of the outlay would have answered all our requirements for years to come, it would be difficult to point out any case of lavish and unjustifiable expenditure. Even in that instance we can show value for the money. The Coliban Water scheme might be adduced as an instance wherein our borrowing was not justified, inasmuch as it has been pretty clearly demonstrated that it could never, if completed according to the original designs, pay interest on the cost of construction. But in a new country we are compelled to carry out many public works from which we get no direct return, and trust to the indirect results for compensation. It is on this principle we have laid out large sums on roads, railways, a graving dock, and other conveniences for trade and traffic. We are not penurious in our expendi- ture, it is true, but we do not see at present why we should be. We have come into a grand patrimony, and need not ponder over every 6d. we lay out. But if we were recklessly inclined we might quadruple our debt without it bearing so heavily upon us as the debt of the United Kingdom does on the home population. Although amongst some 750,000 people we raise a revenue of about three and a half millions sterling annually, the burden of taxation would hardly be felt were it not for the unscientific manner in which it is im- posed. It is not the actual amount abstracted from our incomes which we grudge, but we complain of the inter- ference with trade, and the diversion of Capital into unprofitable channels through a protective policy. It is necessary that English, people should bear this in mind when they hear of an outcry being made against our present taxes. The debt of the whole of the Australasian colonies, including New Zealand, is set down at £31,000,000. That of New South Wales, in proportion to her revenue, is as 24 to 1, Victoria 4 to 1, and the whole of" the group taken together as 3½ to 1. When we consider that the public debt of Great Britain is as 11 to 1, we do not think that anything like undue extravagance can be laid to the charge of these rising and vigorous communities. The Daily News, moreover, is perfectly justified in assuming that the constitu- tion of our populations differs widely from that which obtains at home. Here there are far more actual producers in proportion to numbers than there are in the mother country, and consequently the load is more distributed. There is a wide distinction also between our debts and that of England, The capital sum of hers was mostly sunk in prose- cuting wars and subsidising foreign nations to resist the domination of the first NAPOLEON. It has disappeared for ever, and left nothing behind but a few glorious pages in history, and the bitter reflection in the minds of many that the policy pursued by our country at the early part of this century was as un- wise as it was expensive. It is different, however, with us. For a very large proportion of what we have borrowed, we can show reproductive works, which are daily helping to develop the re- sources of the country, and so enhance the value of our creditors' security, The writer of the article in question takes notice of the fact that all the Indian and colonial loans, with the single exception of the "Inscribed " Stock" of the Dominion of Canada, are represented by debentures redeem- able at par in a stated number of years. This arrangement, he points out, militates against their value, as the premium given has to be deducted from the interest payable during their cur- rency. In addition to this, he considers that their periodical repayments render our debentures an ineligible investment for trust funds, which are better placed in continuous stock. How- ever, we do not attach much import- ance to the latter objection. One good feature about the redemption of our bonds at stated times, he considers to be the necessity it imposes on us of fre- quently appearing in the London market as borrowers. Herein lies the great safe- guard against extravagance. If we were exceeding the limits dictated by pru- dence in the exercise of our borrowing powers, we should soon be disagreeably reminded of the fact by the fall in the value of our securities, and the dis- inclination of the public to tender for any new issues. As it is, the present price of our Victorian debentures in the London market is a conclusive proof of the high estimation in which they are held, and the per- fect confidence which capitalists have in our willingness and ability to fulfil our obligations. We think that we have abundantly proved our prudence by putting limits to our requirements, when the eagerness with which colonial loans are subscribed shows that we could have had any amount we wanted for the ask- ing ; and as for repudiation—the very word is offensive to our ears. Our feel- ing in this respect is eminently British and anything which reflected on our financial honour as a community would be felt by a large majority as a personal disgrace. English investors in our Go- vernment stocks may therefore rest in peace, confident that we shall neither seek to evade, our responsibilities nor depreciate the value of their property by flooding the market with our deben- tures. The Central Board of Health have drawn up for the guidance of whoever may be entrusted with the not unim- portant duty of drafting the new Health Act, very carefully prepared notes, re- presenting the amendments which cir- cumstances have from time to time shown to be required In the two statutes which together have served the purposes of sanitary administration. These con- sist of the unrepealed portions of the old act of 1865—embracing adulteration of articles of food and drink, common lodging-houses, Yarra pollution, vaccina- tion, and quarantine—and the amending act of 1867, which last more especially relates to the duties and jurisdiction of the Central and Local Boards of Health, and includes also the law relating to cemeteries. The Central Board very wisely recommend the inclusion of all these enactments in one comprehensive statute, and they also advise that the new act shall give to the local boards of health the power, in their several jurisdictions, to carry out the amended laws pertaining to adulteration of food, common lodging-houses, cemeteries, and the' prevention of Yarra pollution; some of which provisions at present depend for their enforcement on the action either of private individuals or of bodies not organised for sanitary ends. The Central Board also propose certain amendments in Part VI. of the Act of 1865, relating to quarantine, and they some time ago submitted to the Govern- ment the draft of a bill for amending the Compulsory Vaccination Act (Part V. of the same statute.) The several amendments proposed by the board are the result of notes taken by them from time to time of the defects which have been shown to exist in the present statutes, and more especially in the Amending Act of 1867. They include also the recommendations of the late Noxious Trades Commission, as well as such portions of the Imperial Public Health Bill as are applicable to the circum- stances of the colony. This latter measure is a most complete and ex- haustive piece of legislation, and has lately been introduced in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. In short, the Central Board appear to have taken all possible care in preparing such a mea- sure as shall meet the advanced sanitary requirements of the colony ; and it is worthy of mention that the paper lately read before the newly formed associa- tion of health officers, suggesting certain desirable alterations in the Health Act, contained hardly anything which had not already either been recommended by the Noxions Trades Commission or in- cluded in the Central Board's proposed amendments, The only exceptions were some suggestions relating to the sale of unwholesome food, and some proposi- tions to confer upon individuals certain rights which the board are of opinion should be restricted to public authori- ties. Looking at this amended bill from a point of view which takes in the com- mon good as a principal subject for con- sideration, it cannot be doubted that it ought to receive the earliest possible attention at the hands of the Legislature. The act of 1867, it will be remembered, was subjected to interminable delays, and was at last hurried through the Houses so as to save it from lapsing. It is to be hoped that the present measure will experience treatment more worthy of its importance. There is a large provision of amusement for 'the public to-day, and if the weather be as fine as it has been since Friday, the Easter season of 1872 ought to be greatly enjoyed. The most important event of the day will be the military and naval display, comprehending the attack and the defence of Melbourne. A mastering of the land force is to take place at 10 a.m., at East Melbourne. Operations will extend from Point Ormond, St. Kilda, to Gellibrand's Point, Williamstown, so that there should be many places from which spectators will be able to watch what is done. The attack begins at 2 o'clock. Excursion steamers to the Heads promise to be back in time to afford their passengers a view of the manouvres. Next in order is the intercolonial cricket match, on the M.C.C. ground, which, as on Saturday, may be expected to attract on- lookers by the thousand. The Druids' Gala, at the Friendly Societies' Garden, begins with a procession from Bourke street at half-past 10 a.m., and sports at 1 o'clock. The Catholic Picnic takes place, as usual, in the Botanical Reserve, where an abundance of fun is to be provided. The Highland Sports will be held at Emerald-hill, on the ground of St. Andrew's Society. Persons who desire to spend the holiday on the water will have numerous steamers to choose between. The Derwent and the Edina will steam down the West Chan- nel to the Heads, and return by the South Channel in time to witness the naval reviews. Messrs. Reid, Poole, and Co.'s four steamers will run to Queenscliff, Schnapper Point, and Dromana and back. The Express will also fur- nish excursionists with a trip on Queencliff. Those who wish to be amused in town will have tho Waxworks and the Royal Menagerie open to them, In the evening there will be comic opera by Mr. Lyster's company at the Princess's ; drama and burlesque at St. George's hall, where Mr, Coppin opens for a short season ; and a ballad concert at the Town-hall. A bazaar, which is to provide funds for the establishment of Melbourne free schools, will be opened by the Roman Catholic bishop of Melbourne at the Poly- technic-hall. A ball will take place at the Protestant hall ; at the Carlton Orderly-room there will be another ; and at the Town hall, Melbourne, a bachelors' ball. The Eastervolunteer campaign has hitherto been very successful. On Saturday, the whole force were out again in the country beyond Brighton, where they were first inspected by the Governor, and then put through a series of manouvres in order to attack a supposi- titious enemy, The movements were well managed, and upon the whole it was about the best and most instructive field day the Victorian volunteers have ever known, On Sunday Divine service was held at the bar- racks, and the day was well observed. To day is the grand naval and military attack and defence of Melbourne, full particulars of which, together with an account of what has already been done, we give in another column. The intercolonial cricket match, which was begun on the ground of the M.C C. on Saturday, attracted some 4,000 spectators. The \- game, as it at present stands, is in favour of the Victorians, but there is nothing to prevent the match being a closely contested one. The visitors only made 80 runs in their first innings, but the wicket was scarcely fit to play on, and that number is fully equal to 160 runs got on ground in reasonable con- dition. Besides, five men went out without scoring, a run which is not likely to happen in the second innings. When the game was discontinued the Victorians had scored 95, with the loss of six wickets. Eight of the New South Wales wickets fell to Allan. Wills only bowled two overs, being "no balled" by the Sydney umpire, a proceeding which ought in fairness to have been ex- tended to D. Gregory, another bowler of "high " delivery on the other side. The best scorers of the day were for New South Wales, Thompson 31 ; Victoria, Gibson 41, and Kelly 25.' The fielding on both sides was very good. Compensation to the amount of about £200 in the aggregate has been paid by the Government to persons who were injured on the occasion of the late collision between a passenger excursion and a goods train at Sunbury, on the Castlemaine line. Only four claims are still unsatisfied, and it is anticipated that they will shortly be settled in an amicable manner. From a letter received from home by the last mail it would seem that the losses in- curred by the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company, in consequence of the great Chicago fire, have amounted to something stupendous. The company has been called upon to pay no less a sum than £600,000, and by this time all the insurers' claims have been satisfied. In the whole history of insurance companies, this is the largest amount that has ever been paid by one company on account of one fire. A, Post-office notice intimates that mails for Auckland, Honolulu, San Francisco, and London will be made up and forwarded per s.S. Wonga Wonga at noon on Monday, April 8th, for despatch by the Nevada from Auckland. It will be remembered that soon after the death of Captain Sturt, the explorer, a subscription was set on foot by old colonists both at home and in Australia, which resulted in a commission being given to Mr. Summers to execute a bust of the deceased gentleman for presentation to the Melbourne Public Library. We understand that the bust has recently arrived in the colony, and as soon as a suitable pedestal can be made, it will be placed in the fine-art gallery. Additional trains for the return of country excursionists are to be run on the Govern- ment lines of railway up to the 8th April. Particulars regarding time, &c;, will be found in our advertising columns. The Government astronomer reports : " The weather at the beginning of lost week was fine and pleasant. On the 15th it became dull and showery, and towards evening a gale of wind set in from W. and S.W., with heavy rain squalls, which lasted until the evening of the 27th, when it gradually abated, and on the 29th again cleared up and remained fine until the end of the week. The highest temperature in the shade, 73,2°, was recorded on the afternoon of the 30th ; the lowest, 47.5°, on the morn- ing of the same day. The highest reading of the barometer, 30'156in., occurred on the 30th, with very light northerly breezes; the lowest, 29.717in., on the early morning of the 25th, with light westerly wind. Rain fell to the amount of l.30in., making the total rain- fall since the beginning of the year 7.78in., as compared with 9.60in. during the same period in 1871, 3.51 in 1870; 3.84in. in 1869, 4.12in. in 1868, 6.36in. in 1867, 3.92in. in 1866, 2.87in. in 1865, 6.50in. in 1864, 8.41in. in 1863, 2.44¡n. in 1862, 9.61in.in 1861, 4.01in. in 1860, 3.86in. in 1859, 6.88in. in 1858, or an average of 5.28in. A good deal of business was done on Saturday night at the Prince of Wales Hotel on the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, which com- mences to-day. The only youngster men- tioned for the Champagne Stakes was Blue Peter, whose price was quoted at 2 to 1. For the St Leger Javelin was a good deal firmer, and he was fairly supported at 6 to 4 against him. Hamlet was backed at 5 to 2, the Prophet's price being 2 to 1. Lapdog was shipped for Sydney on Saturday, and before the news was known a commissioner had quietly taken all the money that could be got about him for the Gold Cap at 100 to 4 and 5. As soon as it was known that he had been shipped his price went up to 100 to 7 and 8. The Spy has come forward in the market, his price being 8 to 1, at which rate business was done. The Count was largely backed at 100 to 12. Warrior is still quoted at 8 to 1. Tim Whiffler is not so strong as he was, and 100 to 10 was offered against him without finding any takers. The races to come off this day at Randwick are the Trial Stakes, the Cumberland Stakes, for which some of the best horses are engaged, including Florence and Warrior ; the Cham- pagne States, the St Leger, the Autumn Stakes, and the Doncaster Handicap. Some anticipations of the probable course of events, by the well-known sporting writer, "Orange Blossom," who is in Sydney, will be found in another column. The racing at Croxton-park on Saturday afternoon passed off very quietly. The attendants was small, owing to the superior attractions elsewhere. The Hurdle Race was won easily by Western, the only other starter. Ladybird, being weighted out of it. The Flying Handicap was carried off by Hesperus, the favourite, Benjiroo, only getting second place. The Maiden Trot was won by Lanuit, beating two others. Only three horses came to the post for the Steeplechase, Nankaboo, with 9st. 121b., being considered a certainty. The little horse justified the good opinion entertained of him, by winning the race easily. As in the Hurdle Race, the weights for this race caused some little surprise. Ladybird, on unknown mare who had been placed only 3lb. below Western in the Hurdle Race, was here judged able to carry 10st. 61b., while Wild Harry, also an unknown horse, had only 9st. put on him. The afternoon's amusement wound up with a Selling Race, won by Chance, beating four others. The winner was bought in by his owner for £22, giving £12 to the race fund. A special meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society was held on Thursday afternoon at their office, Swanston street. There were present—Dr. T. Black, president ; Mr, Sprigg, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Robertson, Dr. Dobson, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Venables, and Mr. Moule. Two new rules were proposed by Mr. Godfrey, and adopted with some slight alterations. The committee awarded the society's bronze medal to Mr. Manning Thatcher, who has on several occasions brought out animals and birds for the society from England. Some valuable works of the Zoological Society of London were received from that institution by the last mail. The hon. secretary reported that the gardens and stock therein were in a satisfactory condition. The Western Port Coal Company, we learn from a correspondent, has recently opened two shafts at the Kilcunda mine. The works were opened on the 20th March, and have been vigorously prosecuted since. Practical coal miners from England and Wales have, we are informed, expressed the opinion that a large coal-field exists there. The proprietors of the mine are Messrs. Latham and Watson. The Bendigo Advertiser complains that the quarterly mining returns published by the Mining department are inaccurate. The quar- ter's yield of the Sandhurst district, it is alleged, is made out to be less than the average yield for a month. Mr. Murray Ross writes as follows in re- ference to the subject of the protection of property at fires :-" Your recent most ex- cellent leader upon the absence of protection to property in the vicinity of fires, induces me to mention an admirable suggestion made by one of my staff, viz., the employment of the paid colonial force, numbering, I hear, 100 men, who are stationed at the Barracks on the St Kilda-road. Some 15 years ago, the 40th Regiment, when stationed here, invari- ably sent a detachment of men, under the command of officers, to keep order at fires. Were the colonial force also to turn out their services would be most valuable. At the burning of the Haymarket Theatre I was reminded of old times when a strong body of volunteers, fully uniformed, marched up. Had those gallant gentlemen been pre- sent at the burning of the Theatre Royal, the cruel and wanton destruction of property by the mob to which you recently drew attention would have been prevented." The paper of chief interest in the Austra- lian Medical Journal for this month, just published, is the one which was read by Dr. Bird, at the last meeting of the Medical Society, " On Some Points in the Therapeutics of Nitrate of Silver." It is not alone that Dr. Bird gives cases in proof of the utility of this agent in certain forms of stomach disease, but that he speaks very confidently of that , revived confidence in drug treatment that by a natural reaction has followed upon the expectant treatment which for about a quarter of a century has held sway in the medical profession. Dr. Bird says:—"It strikes me very forcibly that we are now entering upon the era of a totally different phase of observation in thera- peutics, when the study of the effects of drugs upon the living animal economy shall be prosecuted with more vigour, more system, and more definite results. ... I am convinced that we are approaching the term of our eclipse of faith in drugs, that we are beginning to see that pathology is not all in all." Dr. Bird's paper suggests even more than it expresses, and furnishes material for the most interesting reflections. Dr. Molo- ney's paper on "Poisoning by the External Use of Carbolic Acid" is a valuable contribu- tion, to the science of toxicology in a direction in which but little is as yet known. Mr. Mac Gillivray's "Abstract of Operations done in the Bendigo Hospital" is a table of great value in itself, and is of still more value as showing what an invaluable record might be compiled if all the hospitals in the colony would follow Mr. MacGillivray's excellent example. Mr. Penfold's paper on "Fractures of the Patella" is a carefully-prepared résumé of what is known on this subject. Dr. Jamieson's "Extracts from Foreign Medical Literature" are, as usual, selected and condensed with an intelli- gent discernment of the importance of the matters to which they severally refer. The review of Professor Diesterweg's " Unity of Man's Being" draws attention to a work which, though published by means of a translation by Dr. Jamieson in the colony, has attracted no notice, probably on account of its highly recondite character and the specu- lative method adopted by the author. The reviewer speaks of it, however, in high term» of admiration, and describes it as " the most advanced work of the most advanced writer." The news in the present number, of the Journal is unusually copious. The leading matter is principally occupied with the Clarson versus Blair case, and less consider- ably with the Diphtheria Commission, which last includes the legal opinion obtained on the question of whether it was obligatory upon, those summoned to attend and give evi- dence. An unlucky likeness to a magsman got a carpenter named Andrew Wood into an awkward position last week. A man named Christopher Humphries was on the 9th ult. at the racecourse, Flemington, and saw some men playing the three-card trick. Being induced to try his luck, he played, and lost £3, and afterwords caused Andrew Wood to be arrested on a charge of cheating at cards, as he believed Wood to be the sharper. When Wood was taken before the City Bench on Thursday, Humphries and a companion posi- tively identified Wood as the cardplayer, but Wood protested that he was not at the course that day, and was an honest working man, Lordral detectives deposed that Wood was not prestown at all as a magsman, but that he was in feature and general appearance very like a noted cardsharper named Alexander Nicholson, the resemblance being so great, in fact, that even one who knew Nicholson could hardly tell the difference upon an ordinary observation. The detectives also had information that Nicholson had been operating upon the public on the very day upon which Humphries was victimised. The prisoner was remanded for further evidence, and on Saturday produced witnesses showing that he worked as a carpenter, and was so employed on the 9th ult. The Bench said there had evidently been a mistake, and dis- charged the prisoner. Wood asked whether he had no redress for the injury done him, and he was told that he could bring an action for false imprisonment against Humphries, who caused his arrest, and that he had better see an attorney on the matter. The Australian Mechanic and Journal of Science for March, though only in its third number, shows indications of progress. It opens with a short but very intelligible paper by Mr. Ellery on "The Photographic Appa- ratus of the Melbourne Telescope." To this follows a review, with well-known initials at foot, of Mr, Johnson's treatise " On the Corre- lation of the Physical and Vital Forces," which though something late—for Mr. Johnson's book was published in 1864—does only deserved justice to a work which has never received that notice to which its intrinsic importance should have entitled it. " Practice with Science in Agriculture" contains some judicious remarks, which Victorian farmers will do well to consider carefully. Delta, in the third of his "Gossiping Chapters on Spec- trum Analysis," keeps up the interest he excited in his first paper on this fas- cinating subject. "Star- Gazing with a Purpose," No. 2, lots us into more of the mysteries of practical astronomy. On the subject of "The Best Sites for Public Buildings," it is pointed out as an error to select elevated situations, in which not only is the material more exposed to the action of the sun, the rain, and the wind, but the apartments in structures so situated are less habitable on account of the extremes of temperature to which the walls are sub- jected. The extracts and the general news in this number show careful sub- editorial supervision. It is stated by the Geelong Advertiser that "the guard of the goods train which was stopped between the Moorabool and Leigh- road stations for the convenience of the principals and promoters of the recent prize fight has had two days' wages forfeited. The guard alleged that he acted under instructions, and the forfeiture was imposed because he had failed to obtain those instructions in writing." It will naturally be asked whether anything has been done to punish the officer who gave the instructions. The Ovens Spectator has been informed that the North-Eastern Railway will be opened to within three miles of Seymour on the 15th April. The same journal mentions that Mr. Fohon, now one of the firm of M'Cul- loch and Co., is making arrangements for for- warding goods to the Beechworth district via Seymour per rail. The firm has contracted with Messrs. Cain, Dalrymple, and Holton, to deliver a large quantity of the plant to be used between Benalla and Wodonga. Regarding the difficulty which has occurred between Mr.W. Clarke, M.L.A., and the Bun- inyong Shire Council on the subject of accounts, the Courier reports that " at a meeting of the council held on Thursday, the report of the committee appointed to investi- gate the matter was brought up, and having been discussed, was referred back for revision. The report alleged that there appeared about £300 deficient from the year 1805 to 1870 ; but this result was arrived at, not from accounts that came before them, but from an over- haul of the receipts from the Geelong toll road, and other bodies participating in the distribution." An abuse of Government patronage in a small way is complained of by a local corre- spondent of the Ballarat Star, who informs that journal that "Mr. Vale, bookseller, brother of the Commissioner of Customs, has been appointed the local agent for the Govern- ment Gazette. Our correspondent thinks the Appointment an improper one, inasmuch as the appointee is only an agent here for his brother, and Mr, Bade has been agent for the Government Gazelle for a period of 16 years, and no complaint has been made against him." Major Radcliffe writes for the purpose of denying that the corps commanded by him at the volunteer engagement was badly pro- visioned. He says:-"The Carlton, Metro- politan, and Pentridge rifles, immediately after their arrival at Brighton, were marched to the battle-field, placed in position, and could not leave their post. The Carlton Rifles had their provision waggon, with ample provisions for two days, with them. The Metropolitan and Pentridge rifles were catered for by Mr. Grimwood ; and notwith- standing the heavy day's work and long spell between meals, not a word of complaint or growl reached my ears from any of these men during the whole day." The annual meeting of the Market Gar- deners' Association was held in the Poly- technic-hall on Saturday last, about 40 members being present, amongst whom was Mr. Bent, M.L.A., Mr. Curtain, M.L.A., was also present by invitation. The annual report of the committee, which was read, set forth that the first step taken by the com- mittee after assuming office, was to wait on the city corporation in respect to their charges, but the corporation declined to make any concession except reducing weighing to 6d. per load. The report then stated the course which the committee had adopted with regards to establishing a market on Emerald-hill, and to 'the progress in Parliament of the bill -introduced by Mr. Bent. Respecting the state of matters at the present time, the committee said the city corporation did not seem inclined to provide additional market accommodation. A sub- committee had therefore been appointed to select a site for establishing a new market, and two propositions would shortly be laid before the members—one for a market to be established on Emerald-hill, and the other for an independent market. The expenditure had exceeded the revenue by about £9, but it was considered that the subscriptions during the coming year would cover all expenses. The report was adopted, on the motion of Mr. Wm. Murdoch, seconded by Mr. C. Perry, and a committee of 12 members was elected for the current year, the members of Parlia- ment who were members of the association to be also ex-officio members of the committee. Mr. Curtain addressed the meeting in refer- ance to the project for the establishment of a market in Carlton-gardens, and a vote of thanks was accorded to him. The following applications for patents are -notified in the Gazette .--William Naish, in the parish of Bet Bet, farmer, for an inven- tion for horizon til windmill ; John Thomas, -of Melbourne, gentleman, for improvements in the method of mounting and working ordnance ; James Macmeikan, Hugh Mac .tneikan, and James Reid, all of Melbourne, .merchants, for au improved method of, and .apparatus for, preparing manure for exporta- tion ; Jacob Ludwig Culmsee, of Sandhurst, 'miner, for an improved pulverising and amalgamating apparatus; Joseph Flude, assayer, and Jacque Spedding Wilson, tutor, both of Ballarat, and Lewis Cornwall, potter, of Durham Lead, near Ballarat, for an inven- tion for ceramic and pottery ware; John White, of Ararat, in the county of Ripon, gardener, for an invention for reducing the labour and expense of ploughing land ; John Nicholson, of Melbourne, mill- sawer, for an improved method of jointing machinery belt- ing. We have received the prospectus of the Victorian Co.-operative Association, which it is proposed to establish with a capital of £10,000, in shares of £1 each. The object of the association is stated in the prospectus in these words*:-" After the sum of £500 sterling is placed to the credit of the associa- tion, the society shall be registered. It is contemplated then to open a grocery and provision store in some central part of Mel- bourne, to form the nucleus of operations which shall he extended to other localities and to other industries, as from time to time may be found practicable and expedient" We have also the prospectus of the Pioneer Co-operative Company of Ironworkers and Millwrights. The Claud Hamilton brings later dates from New Zealand, but the intelligence is not of great moment. At New Plymouth the Pariaka natives meeting commenced on the 19th March. The talk so far was pacific. Wi Parata, the member in the General Assembly for the Western Maori Electoral District, and Te Whiti, had spoken. A telegram from Napier, dated March 21, stated that To Koo ti had come out of the bush, and communicated with the natives at Mohaka, applying to them for food. Ho had with him six men, one woman, and one boy. Copt Ferris was on his trail, march- ing on Mohaka Copt. Pitt, with a small party from Poverty Bay, and Major Ropata and another small party, were all approaching from different directions, When the despatch left Mohaka, Te Kooti was nearly surronnded. j The small-pox patients who had been landed from the ship England, at Wellington, were in quarantine, where they were getting on well. The oidinary weekly meeting of the com. mittee of the Benevolent Asylum was held on Thursday afternoon, the members pre- sent being Messrs. Barwise (chairman), Crouch, Hinds, Petherick, Haddow, Bryant, Tankard, M'Phorson, Wilton, . Ashley, M'llwraith, Harcourt, Zox, and Dr. Hardy. The superintendent reported the number of inmates was 622, of whom 426 were IL on and 196 women. The medical officer reported the deaths of the following inmates : -On the 27th ult, George Webber, a native of London, aged74years, of general paralysis, after being eight weeks in the house ; on the same day, Peter Doyle, a native of county Meath, Ii eland, aged 66 years, of old age, after being four years and nine months in the house ; on the 28th ult, Duncan Macfarlane, a native of Glasgow, aged C5 years, of paralysis, after being five years and seven months in the house. The committee took into con tideration the report of a sub-committee appointed to select a few from amongst the 79 persons who had applied for the situation of second collector to the asylum. The sub- committee bad selected seven candidates as those who were most suitable, and one other candidate was added to the seven, after which a ballot was taken, and Mr. John S. Moun- tain was duly elected by a majority of the committee present An accident occurred in a curious manner on Thursday in the telegraph office. Joseph Hine, aged 15 years, living in Elsternwick, slipped on some melon seed at that office, and falling, sustained a fracture of the left leg. He was taken to the Melbourne hospital, on Friday Thom as Boyce, aged 25 years, living at Brnnswick, while unloading a dray of manure, fell between the wheel and the body of the dray, and had his left leg broken. He was also admitted. A boy aged seven years, named Louis Wardeupo, living in High itreet, St. Kilda, on Friday was hanging lehind a dray on the St. Kilda road, and having it, ran against the wheel of a cab. Be fell, and the wheal passing over both his hands, severely injured them. He was taken to the hospital, and having been attended to, wts discharged. ¡Tho at present illegal sport of hare coursing WE3 brought under the notice of the District Court on Thursday. Patrick Guinane, a youog man, or rather lad, living in East Melbourne, was summoned under the Game Statate for having on the 21st ult-, at Somarton, had in his possession certain game, to wit, two hares. After an objection by Mr. Read to the case being heard in Melbourne instead of Somerton had been overruled, a momted constable stated that he saw tho defeniant with four or five dogs having mark} of blood - upon them. The defend- ant wts carrying a bag, and when asked to show (what was in it, refused, and tried to get over a fence. The constable took the bag, which he found to contain two hares, which had been much manglod, apparently by dogs. He skinned them, and produced the skins, the flesh being too much damaged to keep. Under cross-examination, the constable stated that he saw other parties there who claimed the dogs. Hugh O'Farrell, who, he was given to understand, was a clerk in the Crown Lands department, was one, and told the constable that the defendant, Guinane, was his servant. The hares appeared to have been just killed, and were still warm. Mr. Read submitted that the master, O'Farrell, was the proper person to summon, and that there was no evidence that the boy knew where the'hares came from, or that it was illegal to have them in his possession. Mr. Coll, P.M., said that there was no doubt the lad was amenable to punishment, but he thought the circumstances justified him in being lenient, seeing that there was just now a public mani- festation of a desire to make legitimate hare coursing, which was now illegitimate. Mr. Read asked for a heavy fine, in order that he might appeal. Mr. Call said he did not think such a course advisable on defendant's behalf, hut,would defer his decision to enable Mr. Read to make np his mind whether ho should appeal or not A local town councillor, Wm. Harrison, Mas summoned to the Prahran Police Court cn Thursday for ill-using his wife and for maintenance. The evidence for the wife showed that the husband had ill-treated her to such an extent tbat she left her home. Last week be was summoned for maia* tenance, but agreed to give her £2 a week on condition that she kept the two 'youngest children. He, however, afterwards refused to do this, on the ground that she sent back the children, and it was now sought to compel him to fulfil the agreement After hearing the evidence on the charge of heating the wife, the Bench ordered Harrison to enter into his own bond in £50, and to find two sureties of £25 each, tbat he would keep the peace towards her. Mr. J. Edwards then urged that as the husband was willing to toke the wife back he could not be compelled to pay her a sepa- rate maintenance. She said she could not go back to him after the manner in which he had treated her ; but in reply to this it was argued that as he had been bound to the peace there was no fear of his again assaulting her. Tho summons for maintenance was dismissed, and Mr. M'Kean, who appeared for the wife, intimated that proceedings for a judicial separation would be taken. John Fox, a mounted-constable stationed at Somerton, was charged at the City Court ou Thursday with misconduct as a constable in accepting a bribe of a sovereign from a retired linendraper residing at Emerald-hill, named Wm. James. Superintendent Hare said that the circumstances of the case were communicated to the Chief Commissioner, who thought it so serious a matter that the magistrates had better deal with it If the prisoner were found guilty ho would be dismissed from the service. Wm. James said that some time in June last he was on a shooting excursion at Somerton, with three or four others, having pre- viously got permission from a Mr. Eager to shoot over the latter's grounds, and while he was by himself in one portion of the field, Constable Fox came up, told him he had no right to shoot there, and that he had better leave the grounds. James said he did not know hoe was doing any harm, and handed his gun over to Fox, and asked him to have a drink. He gave Fox a sovereign to get a drink. Wm. Patullo said Fox put his horse in the stable, saying he suspected some people were shooting, and went away. Afterwards Fox made a remark about the bad shooting, and said they had shot three times at a hare without being able to hit it James Patullo, a farmer at Somerton, said that Fox had taken proceedings against him for placing some obstruction on the railway, and was cross examined with a view of showing that he was actuated by feelings of revenge. No pro- ceedings were taken against the shooting party by Fox. Mr. Read, for the defence, said the constable warned James, who then offered him a drink, which he refused. James then put a sovereign into his hand, but the constable dropped it, and it might be found there now. The Bench said the case was one affecting the morale of the whole police force, and they considered the evidence showed the constable had accepted the money. Had it not been that Mr. Hare gave the man a good character, a heavy penalty would have been inflicted, but as a fine of 40s. would cause his dismissal, a fine of that amount was imposed. A well-known hotelbroker, named John Stoddart, was charged on Saturday, at the l City Court, with stealing a case of wax flowers from a publican named James Kelly. No evidence was taken, but for the defence it was stated that tho position of the parties-prose cutor and prisoner-would shortly be reversed The case was postponed till Thursday, Stod- dart being allowed at large on his own bau. An attempt at suicide was made on Friday night by a man named Wm. Dobson, agod 72 years, living in Little Oxford-street, Colling- wood, who cut his throat. He said it was becauso he was jealous of a Chinaman. He was sown up, and pronounced out of danger. Robert Driscoll, who was arrested about a week ago for allowing his horse to run away with a spring cart was dealt with on Saturday hy the City Bench, Constable Broadley, who was hurt in attempting to stop the runaway, having come out of the hospital. Besides the injury to the constable's head, which was badly cut and bruised, there was a good deal of damage done to his uniform. Driscoll was fined 20J., with 30s. costs, to pay for the damage to Broadley's clothes. Soveral persons remanded to the St. Kilda Court on the charge of taking part in a recent prize fight, were remanded from St. Kilda on Saturday to the Gardiner Court, which is situated in the district where the fight occurred. The case will be heard next Saturday. Thomas Sircock, the warehouseman who was arrested on Thursday upon a charge of stealing £100 worth of fancy goods from his employers, Messrs. King and Parsons, of Flinders-street, was remanded until Friday, by the City Bench on Saturday. Bail was refnsed for the present. From Geelong we leam that the grand secretary of the Oddfellows' order having been expelled for contempt, he appealed to the grand lodge, which decided to allow his resignation to be forwarded. The resignation was accepted, and a quarter's salary voted. Dr. Patrick Smith, of whose appointment as resident medical officer of the Ararat Lunatic Asylum wo lately made mention, was presented a few days ago, on leaving the Benevolent Asylum in this city, with an ad- dress signed by 500 of the inmates. The address expressed, in emphatic terms, the gratitude of the subscribers for the kindness and attention that bad been shown them by him, and the regret felt at his having relinquished his connexion with the institu- tion. Mr. James Rawlings, and not Mr. James Reynolds, as originally announced, was tho successful tenderer last week for goods waggons on the Victorian Railways. From an advertisement ia another column it will be seen that the Hobson's Bay Rail- way Company is advertising additional trains to meet the expected traffic on the Sandridge and St. Kilda lines, caused by the volunteer movements to-day. The registrar-general's abstract of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan districts, during the week ending March 23, gives ibe following totals --Births, 157 ; deaths, 67. All the districts are favourably reported on. The number of prisoners confined in the central gaol on Saturday last was 441, classi- fied as follows:-For trial-before Supreme Court, 8 males, 1 female ; before magistrates. 7 males, 6 females. Under sentence-hard labour, 190 males, 109 females ; imprisonment, 48 males, 42 females ; lunatic, 1 female ; in default of hail, 20 males, 6 females ; debtor, 1 male. Total, 274 males, 167 females. 