THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter from the Rev. E. Fuller, missionary at Fraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier, gives an interesting account',o£ some native prejudices and superstitious notions.. The -mother-in-law must not look upon hey son-in-law . at any time ; they believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go. and live iu the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together to sing at school-time, after being, taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to haVe their sohs-in-law there, and you will see' them ''backing''- into their places in a'.most laugfi'ab'le manner. Tlyj son-in- law, al the'same' time, will .roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from his mother's gaze. The young man will not; sit down on the same stool or box, or, in' fact, anywliere where a 'young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the youug man would sicken and die. So that we have, to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentle men. The shadow of young women must not ' pass ovfer the sleeping-places of young men. I£ (V schooner is passing the, mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with' their moutlis towards tho sun,' in order .to make the sun go under quickly, and thus; compel the; schooner to; come to an anchor for the,night'] in1: the channel; near the mSslon, and '* OQ.-Jfoard tobacco, biscuits, '^viiSih' thb cSptaihs I generally.. supply them with. ' A mart fcannofc marry a woman belonging" to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the ".mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get ony of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down ta them-by their forefathers, and like, nearly all their1 customs and superstitious notions, they can- merely say it is so, or such is the case, &c.; They aro firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty iu this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is a devil' (mellong),' but they have lio idea of a God. To give yon'au idea how the natives havo decreased in "mimbera since they have come in contact with Europeans^ I may just say :-That on this island, which is about 85 miles long by 12 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and. yet there are no less than 29 distinct tribes. Em: strong drink and disease, introduced among, them, by ungodly white people', .have made such' havoc among them that t{ie tribal bond, ip many. in stances, is alaiosfc obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many Jocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards clue fsl that title has almost died out, the strongest mitai on tho greatest bully, "takes upon himself" torbe No. .1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the. white man, yet now, since tobacco has been introduced among them, they arc great smokers -men, women, and children. They are canni bals ; they eat the young men when they die, ... and the young women,' if they- are fat. Bot cannibalism is not so prevalent, among, them now as it was before the white man came. When a person dies they skirThiin (old men and womes excepted); the skin is dried and carried.aboufc by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. _ The bones aud other parts? of the body are divided among tho kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn. th© body, and carry tho ashes about. -They believe, that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. _ They generally shift- their camp when one dies among, them. We have a native doctor, here who, they positi vely assert, has extractcd-rope, stones, pieccs of glass, &e.y; frorir native that were'sick ;>ihey also affirm -that he '"upr-iike tr bird,- and that he can' go hrtho "cafcth here -and come out again . at some considerable distance off, they also say that they" cannot kill him, and that ha will never die. ? Mr. Jas. Scott, (remarks .the Advertiser) has been getting more gold from his section near Mount Pleasant, and, believing that a valuable reef must exist near the alluvial, he has resolved .. to offer tho property, to the public in 20,000 shares of £1 each. Since the 16th of July-920 ounces of gold have, the proprietor states, been obtained from the section.;Tiiis looks, more like a genuine lasting diggings than 'anything 1*6 have yet liad in the colony . . ... ,:v 'J-/' 