(xENERAL NEWS. On Tuesday, at Inelewood, a nngget of pure gold, weighing 197 ounces, was brought into tbe Bank of New South Wales. The nugget was found by Archibald Gray, in John's paddock, Tyler's. A sugar manufactory is abont to be com menced -at Wagga Wagga, the machinery having been bought in Sydney. The cane which is to be operated on. A fire on the farm of Mr. James Penberthy, near St. Arnand, took place on the night of tbe lstinst, and did damage to the extent of £400. It is supposed to nave been the work of an incendiary. .Asa proof that the deficiency in the late harvest in South Anstralia has not been over -estimated, it is shown by tbe official statistics that in the district of Gilbert the average yield tier acre lias only been four and 'a half Bushels. _ The new township at the entrance to the Gipps Land Lakes baa been named Campbell town by Mr. Grant, after Mr. John Camp bell^ of Giencoe, in Gipps Land, who is be lieved to have erected the first house noon the Bite. An attempt to construct a company to undertake the formation of . the -proposed Wahgunyah and Hutherglen branch railway having failed, it has been resolved to hold » meeting of the inhabitants of the district on the 20th met, for 'the purpose of taking mea sures to carry out the scheme. - : , The DayUxford Mercury reports the death of a farmer named Alexander Brown, of Wattle Bant Tie deceased was found on the track to hie farm quite dead, with bis dray overturned fey him, and the borse lying on its back in the shafts. At an inquest jj'eld a .verdict was returned of accidental death.. :... . — -.... -.'-.? '.. - . . ' There has baen an unusually large amount . of pasBenger -traffic upon tha Victorian rail- ' way6 this Easter, but the retnrcs are not yet made up. . It has 'been ascertained that on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Monday, no lesa than 15,000 passengers were booked from the Spenosratreet etation, -the total revenue' from that jBtation aloue amounting to £2516. ^JB.^ip%yi6*'-4*B; total receinte _*V -ill . 'From sietter received irbmliome-'by lie lart.maU, it would iecemth&t; the losses ija- ? -mrrM by the Liverpiiol «d l^ndon «nd £6CK),000, andisyHiis-Bmeall tho InsaTcrs' claims have been : satisfied. . ' .In ' the whole history of insurance campa'aies, this, remarks the Arffut, is the largest amount that has ever been paid, by one company on account of onefire. ?;..-. A reaping match for £25 a side, says a New Zealand paper, took place the other day between two residents at Cromwell. The conditions were that each was to mow, ga ther, and bind an acre -of ripe oats without any assistance whatever. The winner com pleted his task in about four hours and a half, or in twenty minutes less time than the rival competitor. A very fair sample of brooms has been made at Ararat from American broom corn grown by Mr. Burgees, at Eversley. The Advertiser judges that the corn used was far. stronger and more durable than that UBoally employed in making those coming from the State, and is informed that in all probability the manu facture of such brooms will be carried on to a great extent at Ararat. Some particulars of the gold-field in the north nf Australia, discovered by the meu who were constructing the Port Darwin section of the electric telegraph, are given in the Adelaide papers to hand. From these we learn that the field is not more than 150 miles from Palmerston ; that the diggings is mere surface work, and the gold is very heavy, being like shot beaten out. The country is a fine pastoral land. The gold field is supposed to extend for 80 or 100 □lilts from north to south, and to spread out from east to west for an unknown dis tance. An amusing incident occurred lately, ac cording to the Hew Zealand Herald, at a country race meeting in tbe province of Auck land. It appears that for the Zeading race of tbe day, only two came up to the starting post, and the consequence was that, as there were two prizes, the race wonld have fallen through for want of a third entry. A spec tator, mounted on what seemed a sorry nag, was asked for the sake of sport to enter his horse, which he consented to do. The result was rather startling : the strange horse, which proved to have beeu an old Sydney racer of renown, coming in first, and beating the trained horees with whom he was entered. The Eutherglen correspondent of the Ovens Spectator, writing on Good Friday morning, relates the following case of suicide : — ' Mr. W. Baker, of the Royal Standard Hotel, hearing an unusual noise at his back premises this morning, between 7 and 8 o'clock, went to see what occasioned it. On entering his buggy shed, he came upon a moBt ghastly sight, for there lay the body of Tliomas Gick, chemist, with his throat cut and life just leaving the body. There was a razor in the ODggp, and there is scarcely any doubt that he committed the rash act himself. Mr. Gick formerly kept a chemist's shop here in con nexion with Mr. W. Witt, M.L.A. for the Murray district.' The Age reports that abont twelve o'clock od Monday a foundling was discovered in a vacant piece of ground adjoining a Govern ment office in Lonsdaie street west, near Tankard's Temperance Hotel. A gentleman, named William Pearce, lodging at the hotel, was informed by a man that a child was crying near the fence. He went to see, and found a male infant lying on the ground, oovered with some rags. It appeared to be about six weeks old. He informed the police, and a lady took charge of the child. It wag brought before the City Court, aad was re manded for a week to tbe Industrial School in order that inquiries might be made in the meantime. The Albury Banner, 30th clt., reports that ' A malicious attempt to destroy the home stead of Carl Abel, the prisoner now awaiting trial for the poisoned wine case, was made on Monday night, when a shed was set fire to on the prisoner's farm a Gerogery. Tbe shed contained a valuable crop of maize which had been taken of sixteen acres of land, and a German waggon and other farm effects. The waggon had been packed with sundry little effects and clothes, which the wife of the suspected prisoner intended to bring into town for her husband's use on the following morning, but the shed aud all it contained was entirely destroyed. There appears to be no doubt that this ruinons disaster was an act of malicious incendiarism.' On Easter Monday an aboriginal was eminently successful at the Geelocg/ete. The Age says : — The prize list showed that £50 would be awarded to the winners of the various events on the card, the lion's share of which amount went into the pockets of an aboriginal named Pompey, a dark horse figuratively and literally. This sable son of the soil hails from the aboriginal station of Lake Condab, in the Hamilton district. Cssar he should have been styled, for he came, and. saw, and conquered. The white men had not the ghost of a chance with him, and pale-faced muscular Christians, for the nonce took a back seat, eo far as running and jumping were concerned. He won every thing £s he liked. According to the Southern Argus, a few days since a farmer, residing near Strath albyn, beard a noise in his cellar, and sent one of his sons to find out the origin of it. As he did not return, he sent one after him, who also delayed, and on goint; himself to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, he found his two sons so convulsed with laugh ter, that they could hardly move. The cause was as follows : — About a dozen pigs had managed to gain access to the cellar, ami after routing about for some time, succeeded in extracting the bung from a thirty gallon cask of wine, and immediately took advan tage of tbe opportunity, and ^ot on the spree, perpetrating a somewhat absurd burlesque on their biped superiors, who are sometimes in the habit of making 'hogs ' of them selves. Shepherds, it is very evident, will soon be as extinct in Australia as the bunyip. The latest information on the subject is afforded by the Pastoral Times, which says that the question of advantages attendant on fencing in the rnns, and letting the sheep go at large, where compared with shepherding sheep on unfenced runs, has been pretty well tested on the Darling. It is estimated that the sheep have at least, on an average, lib. of wool more when they are permitted to go nn shepherded. Nor is this all— the wool is decidedly cleaner, more free from dirt or gritty substances, and has more, yolk, so that the advantages of fenced etatioDS are undeniably great — in fact, shepherding sheep will be dispensed with wherever it is practi cable to do so. The point may be considered as settled in these districts. Says the Gctlong Advertiser :— The deter mination of the Banks, which appear, to be suffering from aplethorajof fixed deposits at present, to reduce their rate of interest, ib already beginning to elicit a formidable re sistance at the hands of some of their best customers. It appears that the members of the Geelong and Western District St. Patrick^ Society have st present in one of the banks two fixed deposits of £400 and £350, besides a current account of between £200 and £300 to their credit. Recently the committee re ceived iutimation that it waa intended to reduce the rate of interest from 4 per cent, per annum to 24 per cent. The members did not think this latter arrangement a fair equivalent for the use of their money, and held a meeting, at which the subjecs of the disposition of their funds was doly considered, After a brief 'discussion, it was resolved to remove the tiled deposits as tbeir terms ex pired, and together with the amount to credit in their current account, to have the money lodged in the Post Office Savings' Bank, where the interest allowed is still 4 per cent. : The J.-?e gives the text of tbe new form of agreement whereby the Lands Department sanctions the assignment and transfer of licensee held under the Land Aot. . It runs as followa, the blanks being filled up to make its meaning more clear .- — 'To the honour able the President of tbe Board of Land and Works, Melbourne. Sir, — Being desirous to obtain a temporary loan upon the security of my -licenses held under section 42 of the tire Amending lamd. a.ct, 1865, representing eighty acres in the parish of Buylanda, which Mr. Giles Overreach -baa agreed to advance me, to 'be repaid by me with interest oner beforethe 30th day of June, 1872, 1 beg to request your mnciion to the arrangement, and to intimate that I have deposited the said licenses with the eaid Mr. Overreach as security therefiir ; and I hereby transfer the said licenses atid all my right, title, aiid in terest thereunder tb'the- said Mr. Overreach/ liis heirs, administrators, or assigns, at any tune after the third day of July, 1872,-^1 iave the .honour to be, sir, your moat obo dient sarvaut, George Piowmaii.' . ' -. ~*j .?)['? \- ^Afriibe Dnnolly races, -which toot Tplace :on' the 21st March, a womaD named Betsy Badge, the,-'^fe.-iOf^-'&im-r;,%aa-irniii:ivBi*;on--the W%^ii^ai:teSei«^|ni^!ffl:;%^^hicliiihB,1 27& March'an inquest was ueia on Hie body, wtafSie foiiowmg evidence *»8£en:-|2 Mr. Guy, the Secretary to the, DanoJly Eacing Club :—' The Coroner- Was it not Srong to let the riders take then- **™£* canter before the course wasctearecl ! Witness -Undoubtedly it «-;I attribute the acci dent to npl keeping the course dear Coroner —Whose duty was it? Witoess^The pierk of the Course's, but lie was ruling in the race. The Coroner, in his remarks to the jury, we learn from the Advertiser, 'drew attention to Mr. Guy's evidence. The jury, »fter5on' deliberation, found that the deceased, Betsy Budee, came by ier death through injuries accidentally received onthe Dnnolly fiaw course on the 21st March, and that sufficient care had not been exercised by the Stewards in clearing the course just prior to the race. The Southern Argus (S.A.) reports that a person living upon a sheep-station not a great way from Wellington, had occasion, the other day, to go to the well, a short distance from tbe house, for water, and while engaged in pumping suddenly fund tbe pump, choked. Imagining, as on previous occasions, that it was simply a frog in the pipe, he took off the top of tbe pump, and put his hand down the dark narrow cylinder in which the piston works, thinking to pall the reptile out and thus free the valve. You may judge of his astonishment upon finding that he was unable to dislodge the animal, and of bis intense horror afterwards when upon looking down he diseoveren that he had been pulling at the bead of a snake, which had been sucked two inches through the valve, and was there held fast. With the aia of a pair of fender tongs he soon succeeded in removing the snake, and at the same time effectually preventing further curiosity on his part It was a black snake with a red belly, said to be one of tbe most venomous kind, and measured about five feet in length. A correspondent writes to the Ararat Advertiser : — Great numbers of sheep are passing through Glonorchy from the West Wimmera, on their way to market — many of them fat, others as store Bbeep. Since November last over one hundred thousand sheep have passed throngh here from the northwest district Doubtlees many of them have been cleared off stations to make room for the lambing season, which promises to be an extra good one. Many other sheep are likely to be sent from the Wimmera and Richardson, owing to the nnmber of selectors who are taking up land, erecting houses and fences, and preparing to make houses for themselves and families. There seems |to be a perfect exodus of farmers, farm laborers, and others, from the old settled districts. Some are young men looking out (like Josob of old) for fresh fields and pastures new; others are heads of families, trying to obtain land for themselves and their sons and daughters — pegging off contiguous blocks, so that, by means of keeping stock and a little cultivation, they may keep the wolf from their doors, and live honestly in the sight of all men. On the wide open plains, where many of these people are settling, there are no creeks or rivers, they must therefore obtain surface water by making dams or excavations and tanks.' Here is a little information for the Diph theria Commission as to how the disease is caused. Tbe Ballarai Courier gives the following description of a place where diph theria was prevalent, and no one will wonder that such ib the case: — 'Dr. Bullen was lately called on to attend a family of the name of Long, residing at the corner of Eyre and Errard streets. Be found Mrs. Long and ber four daughterslying ill with diphtheria. Both sons, one of whom was seventeen and the other fifteen years old, were on the point of death when the doctor arrived, and have since died. Mrs. Long and her daughters are now recovering. Struck by the whole sale nature of the attack, the doctor made inquiries into the sanitary arrangements of the premises, and found that a number of cesspits had been dug from time to time in the yard, and the woodwork above removed from one to the other, as they were filled. The excrement was allowed to remain, and thus the whole yard became saturated with poison. Some time ago a family at Plea sant Creek lost some of its members from diphtheria. The premises in this case were somewhat in the condition above reported.' What is the bunyip ? (inquires tbe Wagga Advertiser.) There really is a bunyip, or a waa-wee, actually existing not far from us ; and others probably nearer than we imagined. The animal has been seen by many persons whose veracity is nnimpeachable, and whose intimate acquaintance with the Fauna of the Murrumbidgee, coupled with their general intelligence and observation, puts it alto gether beyond doubt that in the Midgeon Lagoon, sixteen miles north of Narrandera, there exists an animal which in every respect tallies with tho description of the creature frequently reported as seen in various places. Here is the account of a gentleman who had half an hour's view of this Btrauge nondescript : — ' A few days since, Mr. A., who was driving sheep across country to Melbourne, camped on the lagoon. He called at my house, and asked what the animal was that we had in our swamp, and proceeded to describe something which had alarmed him and the shepherds. I ridiculed his report, and he got angry, inviting me to come down and see for myself. I went down early next morning, between six and seven o'clock, accompanied by two other persons, and had not waited long before I heard the sound as of a body rushing rapidly through the water, making a noise as lond as that caused by a North Shore steamer. Looking in the direction of the sonnd, I saw a creature coming through the water with tremendous rapidity, and directing its course immediately towards ub. We stood still, deeply interested, and watched the approach of tbe animal, which having, as we pre sumed, lately risen to the surface, was evidently not aware of our presence. It came on with great swiftness, until it was scarcely thirty yards from the edge of the lagoon, when it appeared suddenly to catch sight of us, and stopped instantly. It lay on the water then perfectly still, and I had a splendid view of a creature that surprised me more than anything 1 bad ever before seen in my life. The animal was about half as long again as an ordinary retriever dog, the hair all over was jet black and shining, its coat was very long, the hair spreading out on the Borface of the water for abont five inches, and floating loosely as the creature rose and fell by its own motion. I could not detect any tail, and the hair abont its bead was too long and glossy to admit of my seeing its eyes; the ears were well marked. It made no noise, but kept its position for half an hour, surveying ua, no doubt, leisurely, although its visual organs were hidden from us. At length it turned quietly round, and swam off easily, withont any manifestation of alarm, and we watched it moving leisurely along the surface of the lake until it was hidden by the distance. We have been greatly excited by its appearance, and I have offered £20 for its dead body, and £50 if captured alive.' This statement may be relied npun, and there can be no donbt whatever that the gentleman saw all he has described. Could not a party be fitted out to earn the reward, and ennoble Wagga in the annals of natural history. - 