TURF nossrp To the Editor of the Hay Standard. lain, — -Last week there was so little to write about m conuexiou with racing matters, I Tefrained from ! doing so at all ; and this week there is very little ' more The acceptances on Friday last for the Hay I Handicap did not fill up to previous anticipations, j only ten out of twenty-one nominations paying up. I J rT~i on St^ ' ®ged' 9st 7ibs; Yellow Jack, ° ' Manfred, aged, 8st lOlbs ; Styx, 4 £r!'in» ^ j. Gwendoline, aged, 8st 41bs ; Gift, 4 yrs -st lOlbs 3 ; Flirt, aged, 7st lOJbs ; Knight of Gwynne aged, Cst lOlbs ; Melody, 3 yrs, 6st 4lbs ; Constance, ! 3 yis, Cst. However, the above lot are a very nice \ -ii i emg like,y starters (barring ac cidents), will make an even field of runners at the !r« ?Ty' The imP°sts the horses « Xv JU ' 11 wil1 be to0 difficult a task for any one of the starters to land the trophy as he sValo'n to be ^ l.0TJack is Provin& himself this be ®.much horse than I have ever Credit to be 5 last veek he won the Inglewood Handicap, carrying 8st lOlbs, with Priestess second and Greenback third ; he may turn the tables on us here, but travelling long journeys has always told against him. Itis as we!! to remind owners of horses nominations for the Booligal Handicap, accom panied with lsor., require to be sent in not laier than Thursday, 2nd May ; and nominations for Bal ranald Handicap by 14th May. In last -week's letter from the Booligal correspondent of the Standard I notice,^ uuder the head of, ' a bit of news for ' Volti geur,' ' that Flirt was looking well, and had a gallop for three miles, completing tbe distance in 5m. 52s. ? very good time, although nothing extraordinary ? but from my knowledge of the turf, a little too good, I j presume, for the time she had been up. At all events : I will give him the benefit of the doubt, and if she ! can travel tbe distance in that time on this course at the races, she can appropriate the money for the Murrumbidgee Plate. She comes to Hay this week, taking up her quarters at Mr. Dobson's Punt Hotel slables. Knight of Gwynne keeps his position as first favourite for tbe Handicap. Melody and Ham merhead unaltered for the Maiden Plate; The non acceptance of Express and Lord of the Valley has caused a dullness in the betting, as Express had many supporters, and would have had still more eventually. Now that he is not coming, 1 can't have anything as tbe messenger to tell the tale at the post for the Leger but Iris, and if but as prompt as Iris the messenger of Juno, in the Biography of tbe Heathen Deities, she II do. All the nags are now doing pretty fast work. The inmates of the Fair View Stables did some good work last week ; also Joe Madden's, Jack Nicboll s, and Mr. Green's. Stringybark has gone in for b few week's training, Mr. Ryan thinking three 'week's nursing better suited for his powers than a longer term. He is looked after by Duncan Camp, bell, who arrived here last week, and much to the pleasure of Joe Madden, who seemed gratified to know that there is at least one professional, and into Duncan's hands he has put the steering of old Gwen doline during her fast work. The knights of the metallic grumble about the dullness of the speculation, they having reduced their doubles down to 12 to 15 to 1, Hammerhead and Melody being invariably picked for the Maiden ; but the pot may boil over. For the Handicap— Knight of Gwynne, 4 to 1 (off) ; Gwendo line, 5 and 6 to 1 (off, offers to take 8 to 1) ; Roches ter, 6 to 1 (tk) ; Gift, 7 to 1 ; Flirt, 7 to 1; Melody, 8 and 9 to 1 ; others, 10 to 15 to 1. On Saturday last there was a most exciting race at Fair View i training course for £5 aside between Mr. Richard ! Hurst's mare, Lady Basquine, and Mr. Joe Thirtle's mare, Fleur-de- lis. The horses being grass-fed left them weak for the journey to be accomplished, and ; told severely at the finish on the prowess of the riders. Mr. Hurst's display of riding on Lady Bas quine was something romantic, as, notwithstanding his gigantic persuasions and the many severe cuts he administered on the ribs of the dear old La»dy, he was fairly outridden at the post by his junior opponent, in the midst of a Murrumbidgee dust-storm. The riders were deprived of some of their riding paraphernalia, to the tune of such handkerchiefs that were inju! diciously fastened to their knowledge boxes. There was a match made on Saturday evening at Sabine's Bush Inn, one mile and a-half, for £10 aside, to be run on the Hay course on Monday, at 2 o'clock, the competitors being Mr. J. Nicholl's br g Sleepy Joe and Mr. John Donohoe's b g Butcher Boy. It may turn out a pleasant afternoon's sport, and bring to gether a few good sportsmen giving vent to their opinions that may meet with the wish of the metal lician's to lay. VOLTIGEUR. Mansfield, 26th April.— At the General Sessions to-day, before Judge Hackett, James Kirkly, charged with illegally using a horse, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment ; John Brackenburg, charged with larceny, was acquitted ; James Hogg, for stabbing was sentenced to one month in prison ; in the case of James Mackay, accused of forgery, a nolle prosequi was entered j John Thomas, for forgery and uttering, was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment. SiDNEy, 20th April. — A private telegram received from Tambaroora to-day caused great excitement about Krohman's claim, the stone from which is getting richer, and is expected to pay 25 per cent, dividend for a month's work ; nineteen tons of stone have already yielded over 400 lb. weight of gold, and the crushing to the present gives over 6000 oz. Henry Davis, an actor, has been accidentally drowned iu tbe Richmond River. Mr J. B. Watt has been ap pointed vice- president of the Marine Board ; Lieut. Pyne and Captain Birkenham examiners. Additional wool awards in connection with the exhibition have j been made; the Mudgee and Merriwa districts, i Combing ewe fleece, Mr Trail, of Collaroy, both first prizes ; Western Slopes district: Bell and Sons, Jim bourn, first prize; Mr Christian, of Tenterfield, second prize, for clothing; Mr Pilcher, Tnverell, first prize for greasy combing ; Mr Clarke, Darling j Downs, first^ and second prizes ; for greasy and ! clothing, British Australian Company, Queensland, j first prize ; Mr Marshall, of Glengallen, second prize. Coast and mountainous districts, Washed, combing, j and clothing sorts, Mr Jenkins, of Callendoon, first prize. Intercolonial : Most valuable twelve fleeces, ! washed, ewes, combing — Mr Learmonth, of Ercil- I doun; do., ewes, hoggets, Mr Trail, of Collaroy. j Most valuable bale ewes washed combing, Mr I Gibson, Tasmania; do., washed clothing, Mr Trail; j best twelve fleeces greasy combing Mr Fisher, Ade- j laide; best six fleeces rams* combing, Mr Fisher ; twelve fleeces greasy clothing, Mr Marshall, of Glen- j gallen; six fleeces rams' clothing, Mr Christian, i Liverpool Plains ; best bale woo], washed on sheep's : back, Mr Gibson, Tasmania ; most valuable twelve fleeces in Exhibition, New Zealand and Australian Company, Dunedin ; challenge cup — Greasy combing, Mr Fisher, Adelaide ; greasy clothing, Mr Gibson, Tasmania ; Mr Learmonth highly commended. Via Newcastle Californiau papers have been received to 9th March. The Congressional committee on com merce had reported in favour of increasing the ocean mail subsidies, but the latest despatch says that no subsidies are likely to be granted. Trains on the Pacific railroad were running regularly. Brisbane, 26th April. — Mr Vickery has offered the Government to construct a railway from M junt Perry to the coast by a private company on the land grant principle. The debate on the bill for the amalgama tion of both branches of the legal profession is ad journed until Tuesday. Adelaide, 2Gth April. — The debate on the second reading of the Land Bill has been adjourned until Tuesday. The annual report of tbe Board of Educa tion, which has been issued, states that the number of schools has increased from 300 to 307, wihch are attended by 20,355 scholars, with 298 teachers ; an increase is'shown in the number of destitute children from 1584 to 1622; from observation and statistics sufficient has been shown to convince the board that there are in the colony a large number of children who are never sent to any school. A private meeting has been held to consider the Immigration Bill ; it was acknowledged that a necessity existed for import ing domestic servants and farm laborers, but the meeting was opposed to a system of indiscriminate immigration ; it was resolved to call a public meeting for discussion of the question. Wheat, veiy firm, 6s ; flour unchanged. The Coming Comet. — Nervous people, as it is creditably stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared iu the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had dis covered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards us with amazing rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little ten dency to deviation as though it were running upon raiis. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, ns the hero of a novel di verts the runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming; j that, if it were coming, it would be a very welcome visitor ; and tbat we have already passed through a comet ; and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are ter- ? ribly prosaic people. They ought surely to under stand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood — for even astrono mers have been boys — snatched a fearful joy from ; the ghosts and other supernatural dangers wit!) which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world ? Would anybody willingly j give up that delicious feeling of supersiitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early ! years, and have all phuntoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? Astronomers bave already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a death dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a mathematical book put in its jaws, till his impressiveness has departed front him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration tbat the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Even so the comet lias been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient chann-j, and to assure us that, some time or other, the world shall be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, his fellow-philosophers found fault with some of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. — Saturday Review. The Artisans' School of Design still continues to be well attended. There were 128 pupils present on Friday evening last. The practical end which this school was established to accomplish was the teaching of drawing as applied to various trades and manufactures. This end is being attained. A very large pro portion of the pupils are attending the following classes : — 1. Ele mentary, commencing with the drawing of straight and curved lines. 2. Ornamental, commencing | with simple scrolls and flowers. The members of this class are chiefly apprentices to painters, car vers, modellers, and masons. 3. The class for practical geometry, which is also attended by tradesmen and apprentices. 4. Mechanical and architectural class, where a knowledge of details is one of the principal objects set before the pupil. Not so many are attending the landscape and figure drawing class. I The committee of the school have under consideration a new set of rules, under which no one will be admitted to the figure or landscape class until he has passed an ex amination in the other free hand classes of the school. The promise of £10 to the prize fund of this school by the late hon. Geo. Rolfe has been recognised by his executors, and the money will be paid to the committee, — Age. Anonymity in the following case should not have been permitted. The Ballarat Star writes that ' one who was mean enough to attempt to prey upon the charity which sup ports the hospital here has been brought to book, and made to pay to save himself from exposure. Mr. E. J. Lewis, the hon. solicitor of the district hospital, having been instructed to write to the worthy in question, advised him that under the rules of the hospital, enforce able by statute, he must pay £6 for the treatment he received at the hospital under pretence of poverty. The fellow paid the money, and his name thus escapes publicity.' St. Paul's Literaey Association. — The usual weekly meeting of this society was held on Wednesday evening last, in the class-room of St. Paul's School, Redfern, Alex ander Gordon, Esq., president of the society in the chair. The April number of 4 The Critic,' the society's manuscript serial, was read by the editor, Mr. J. S. Duer. It was com posed of fifty-six pages, post 4to, and the contents were : Articles on the Punishment of the Worst Crim inals; Dogmatic Theology; The Present Position of England ; Dancing (two articles); a Chapter on Ghosts ; a Review of the Month ; A Lay of the Last Idiot (in rhyme); ! some amusing skits satirising mem j bers of the society, and an article commenting on the whole. Tlie reading concluded, a discussion on tlie contents of i The Critic ' fol lowed, taken part in by Messrs. Cazneau, Orr, Armstrong, Duer, Powell, Mihell, and the chairman, i — Empire. j 