DENE HOLLOW BY THE AUTHOR OF "EA8T LYNNE.' PART II. cliaptkb, XIV. — Ax Aebival at the Tb ailing Indian. The snow flakes were falling, large and thick, falling tin the bdt of Mr. Sam Pound swinging bv one leg on the gate of the Trailing Indian. 7T is master was out. Black had gone down to Hurst Leet on some urgent private business : no doubt connected with certain poaching friends of his who Hved there. At least, such was the conclusion drawn by young Mr. Pound, who was tolerably gbrewd. Finding it rather lonely indoors as twilight appeared, for not a soui was in the areary inn but himself, Mr. Pound had stepped out to have a look at the lane, by way of taking a slight change- " Mother Goose be a plucking of her geeses," quoth he to himself, raising his eyes to the floating feathers that filled the air. " Ub ha'n't had a reg'lar snowy Christmas fer this ever-so- long, fids fair for'fc now/' This was Friday. On and off since Wednesday the snow had been falling, so that the roads were already pretty thick with it. Regarding a fall of enow chiefly as a medium, for the recreative exer cise of snowballing, and especially of snowballing . seme unsuspicious individual, whom the blow taught tma&args;, Mr. Pound was extremely satis fied with the prospect before him. f< We shall ha' the morris-dancers here," cried he, sucking up his breath. For he was very fond of the mcrris- dancers, and thought them, next to snowballing bis friends and enemies, thb best things brought by a hard wintef. Swinging to and fro on the gate was rather slow Work, particularly as the snow had got into the gate4 hinges, and prevented it swaying quickly. Taking his foot off, he pitiked tip & handful of snow, and sent it bang against the opposite hedge of holly. A suro marksman he, when a snowball was the weapon hurled. "Eui— ur his eicldmatioh was caused by surprise. J ust bb Mr. Pound was manipulating a second ball to fling after the first, a huge mountain of snow — and it looked like nothing else — loomed slowly into view on tbe high road that crossed the end of the lane. Peering at this extraordinary phe- ntnencn as well as eircamstanees pSrmitted, him — ibal is, ketWeen the lading daylight and the storm of snow — Mr. Pound at length made it out to be the " waggon." " Well I never !" cried he. " That there waggin haven't hurried herself !" In those days the waggon was an institution in England ; and was used' for the conveyance of I gsrcglfi itiid p&fi;&ehgeifi; from dub town to aiiother. This particular waggon in question was in tbe habit of passing along the road weekly, generally at dawn on a Friday morning— for waggons tra velled night and day. They could not afford to halt by night on the toad j not they : on they I b'liudeted, brawling and Creeping, and dragging their slow length along. A distance that a stage coach might take twelve or fifteen hours to accom- 1 pliah, the waggon would get through in a week. That this one had been a tolerably long fame on itB I journey, was proved by the mound of snow col lected abote it t; Black, he said as be hadn t a sfeen the waggin go by, and I telled him it had went by afore he was up. Thought it had. Hullo 1 it be a stop' ping I" The stopping of the waggon opposite the lalje was less surprising to Mr. Pound than the sight Cf the waggoh itself had been fbt it Sometimes brought parcels for the Trailing Indian. Now and then it let out passengers at that place, to claim the inn's hospitality, or to go on to Hurst Let. Strictly epeaking, this was what might be trailed a cross-country waggon, communicating tfrith the London aild Worcester waggon the London and Gloucester waggon, and other waggonB of importance. Mr. Bound began to i trudge towards it, to receive anything that might 1 be there for his master. He could not resist the I temptation of sending a snowball or two at the horses " 111 lay a twopBncB &s; it have brought that I there box o baccy from Lunnon ! thought he as I he advanced. " Black have been a growling over I it this " # I Mr. Pound's words failed h:m in very surpriee. Of all the surprises brought by the Waggon, this was the greatest. Instead of the expected " box o baccy" disinterring itself from tbe inside, there appeared, helped out by the waggoner — Miss Emma Geach. Mr. Pound's first movement was to halt where he stood and give vent to a low whistle; his second, to tura tail, scatter home, bang-to the inn door behind him, and slip the bolt. The return of this young person displeased him excessively. Of the two, he would rather the waggon had brought a wild bear. Miss Geach was at the door almost as soon as he, rattliDg at it in an authori tative manner, when she found it fastened. " Now then, Sam Pound, open the door ! What do you mean by this ?" So she had recognised him, in spite of the falling scow and the twilight! Not seeing hie way par ticularly clear to keep her out, Sam unbolted the door. Bhe came in with her old warm cloak drawn round her, worn and shabby now, and a ragged fcotfwl tied over her bonnet. She had gono away grandly by coach, plump, blooming, her big band- pox-of clothe/beside her : she came, home humbly jn a waggon, thin, and cross- looking, and with no mggage at all— unless a handful of things tied op in a cotton handkerchief could be called such. Sam . Pound backing against the raCk behind the door, made bis observations in siiende, . - . "Take a cup o' beer to the waggoner, Sam Pound; And be quick over it." Whatever Miss Geach had lost in the way of looks, she had kept her tongue. Sam would no more have dared to disobey the impera tive order than he'd have attempted to fly. Drawing the beer, he went out with it walking as slow as he could, and sullenly kicking up the snow before him. In the first place, Sam held Miss Geach in no favour : her scornful treatment of his brother Jim excited his resentment, and he also disliked her on his own account. In the second place, suppositions were crossing his mind that now she' was back be might no longer be wasted at the Trailing Indian i and, as it was a tolerably idle service, it just suited Mr. Sam. When lie ffiturned. indoors, and lie took his tithe over the errand, Miss Geach had been upstairs to her room, had put on a gown of ber's, that bad stayed all this while at the inn, and was down in the kitchen again, making some tea. Brushed up a little from her cold journey of several days and ; -nights, she looked tolerably the same as usual, a little thin, perhaps, but quite as good-looking. "Toast this bread, Sam Pound." Sam Pound's mind was so entirely stunned by the proceedings altogether, that he complied me- chauicaily, aud stooped to toast the bread. Two rounds of it, off the quartern loaf. Miss Geach put on p'enty. of salt butter, dre v the table closer to the fire, and sat down to her lea. " Where's Black?" she asked then. "He's a went off to Hurst Leet." Sam had squatted himself on his ham 3 against the wall on the cfthei side the fire- side, and sat facing her, his hands clasped round nls smock frock and legs. The reflection of. the flamo played on the red bricks j the kitchen looked homely and. comfortttble in tbe firelight. " Wonder when her had any tea last?" thought Sam, as he watched the eagernesB with which she ate aud drank. " Shouldn't think 'twas o' one while." " And how's the place going on, Sam Pound deta&ndeci; Miss Emma, pouring out another cup of tea and beginning upon the second round of toast. " Mortal dull. Us haven't had a customer in all to day, not for as much as a pint o' beer." "Who was asking about this here inn ? I meant the place out o' doors. Hurst Leet and that." " It be as it al'ays is, for what I see," returned Sam, ungraciously determined to give no more information than he could help. "Anybody dead?" " Tbe missis here be dead." " Don't I tell ye I warn't asking about this here houee, Sam Pound ?" was her answer. " How's Harry Gole, down at the smithy P" " He've bad a bad wrist, he have, through a beast of a horse what up and.kicked him a being I shoed. It be got Well again/', I " Is Mr. Tom Clan waring come back ?" " The face her must have to ask that !" thought Sam, as he sat and stared. " No, he bain't back, he bain't." " I Suppose the rest on 'em be a coming to the Deoe for Christmas The heir and his brother — be they here ?" " I ha'n't seed 'cm." " Be the Lunnon lawyer here yet ?" " 1 dun know," shortly answered Sam. " Them there quality folk don't concern me ; nor me them." Miss Geach was not to be repressed. " The captain — be he come yet ?" " The captain ha'n't been away, as I've heerd On/' growled Sam. | l( Not away 1" " No, be ha'n't. He lives at the Dene now, he do." " I'm sure he don't." " I'se sure he do. There." Miss Geach, about to drink up a Baucerful of tea, paused with the saucer to her mouth. " Who says lie do Sain Pouhd P" " I says it, for one. All the parish knows he do. Bain't he about the place everlasting ?" " Be yen sure ?" " Be you sure as that there's buttered toast you bb a swallowing of ?" was Sam's conclusive rfitort. " The ;baptain have lived along o' Sir Dene and Lady Lyddy a Kmdfit & fidW, he have." A peculiar kind of light stole slowly over Miss Geach's face as she at length took in the assertion, making it look very hard. Sipping Up the tea deliberately, she filled the saucer again. " And the Squire's people, how be they ?" she r.esnmed, but with an air of pre-occupation and of utter indifference to the question. " Is Miss May married yet ?" " Not as I've heerd on," said churlish Sam, more than ever resolved to tell nothing of his own accsrd. I " And how be your own folks a going oil since I left these partB, young Sam ?" Bhe continued condescendingly. " They bain't dead yet, our folks bain't, and there bain't none on 'em married," was the spoken response. " Nasty greedy gut !" mentally con tinued Sam for his own pritate benefit. " Her'e a gobbling up all that there nice toast, her is, and never offering a fellow a bit ! Soaking in butter, it were !" MiBB Geach had " gobbled up" the first half of the laet round, and was beginning the Becond half. Also she was now stirring the sugar round vigorously in hsr third cup of tea. Sam, who was inordinately fond of good things, did not know how to suppress his ire. " Where's the young 'un ?" suddenly aBked Sam. " What young 'un ?" " That there babby o yourn. Left it on the road P" At this most unexpected and insolent close I questioning, Miss Geach dropped the spoon and some of the tea together. Sam quailed before | her bard look. j " Why, what do you mean, Sam Pound ? What babbv?" " Ob, well, 1 thought — as you might ha' — bought — a babby, you know, eince you've been away." "Did you! Who gave you leave to think, pray P Me bought a babby P What ehould bring me a buying of a babby ?" abe continued, peering hard at Sam's countenance, and wondering perhapB how to take his words, and whether he was- as I simple as he was josfc' then. '-looking.'' '.I haven t bought a babby ; nor haven't sold ope? nor haven't got one nor had one.' Thorrl Be J married, d'ye sut pose, that you should bet oand ask me that daft thing P" y '//V' there. In the old days she used to think nothing of slapping his ears. She had hard hands of her OWU, too. : " Take and fish out the biggest lamp o coal 'joft Can find i' the coai-hodrand put it on, Sam Pound. After that, yon may shut the shutters and light the candles. The fiual piece of toast was being bolted—to use Mr. Sam's private expression— as be . slowly rose to obey her. He had a great ihind; to tell her fco put on the coal herself — but it might not be policy. Suppose she took and turned him out that night? UB(?d to say her had as tfluch stock as Ola Nick/' thought the young man. " Her've got more on't now, her have'. Wish the waggin had froze her, I do !" fie had his ten fingers in the large wooden coal- hod, searching for a big lump of coal, when tbe door was pushed sharply opeD, and a rueh of air. a cloud of snow, and Randy Black burst in to gether.. By the evident haste the latter displayed, one might have supposed he had been seeing another ghost. " Well, Black, and how be you ?" In the hurry of his arrival, he had not at first noticed her presence. The salutation brought him up, and be stood without motion." Had she been a ghost herself, he could not have gazed more intently. " It's me, Black. You needn't stand slok still, a staring as if yoa didn't know me." "I might weil stare to see you," retorted Black in no pleasant tone. " You impudent huzzy ! How dare you come back here in this bold wav ?" " Because it's my home," returned she with equanimity, as she began to wash up the tea things. Leaving them to the battle — which Miss Emma Geach would be tolerably sure to gain j for Black, in his failing health and strength, was no match for her now — we will go on to Beechhurst Dene. Something a little curious was happeniug there this self-same evening. Sir Dene, dressed for guests, was standing in the bright light of his sitting-reom fire. He was thinking that, what with one non- arrival and another, things were not going as pleasantly as they might have gone. The disappointment about the heirand his brother was still felt by him, and now he had just heard a report that Squire Arde had not returned from London. Gander gave him the information while helping him on with his coat. Captain Clanwaring, just come in from the ball, said its master had not arrived. There wis this snow, too ! One of the grandest dinners given for many years at tbe Dene, was to take place this evening. All in honour, of course, of the coming wedding. Invitations bad gone out to the first people in the county, including eome of its resident nobility, and were accepted. The entertainment was to be on a grand and lavish scale ; amidst other things, a band was engaged to »lay in the hall during the banquet. On Sunday, Christmas Day, the Ardes would dine quietly as usual. Ou Monday there would be a grand dinner at the Hall. Not so grand as this one to- night: Arde Hall was not foolish enough to attempt to vie with Beecbhufst Dene, or put itself into the same scale ef pomp and expenditure. And on Tuesday, the wedding-day, of course the Hall gave a breakfast. With all his heart, 8ir Dene wished this evening over. Truth to say, his strength -was not equal to the entertaining of gueGts i though, in his old- fashioned courtesy, he intended to try and do it as in his best days. But if his old friend and neigh bour were to be absent, half of its charm, fer him, would have left it. Squire Arde was to have been home certainly that morning. Sir Dene thought it very hard that he had not oome. " £ hope the carriages will be able to get along the roads," thought he, as he went to the window and looked forth on the snowy landscape, shining fer and wide in the light night. " It is a long drive for some of 'em : they'll be twice as long doing it as they would if the roads were clear. ! lope they'll take care to set off in time !" It was past fire now, and the dinner hour was seven. As Sir Dene stood, looking and thinking, tbe cloor was tapped at and Captain Clanwaring put his head in. « Mr. Arde is not back, sir." "And why's he not back?" retorted Sir Dene in a tart tone. The tartness nohneant for the absent Squire, but for Jarvish«mself. Sir Dene had taken his resolution— not to speak at all of the deceit in regard to money matters that had corns to his knowledge through Otto ; at least, until the wedding ehould be over. But the fact lay sorely on his mind, and had rendered him barely , civil . since to either the captain or Lady Lydia. " He couldn't get his business done in time to eave London last night; he leaves to-night, and will be home to-morrow," said Jaryis. "Mrs. Arde has just had a letter from him." " A letter at this time o' day ! What d'ye mean ?" ' It was delivered about three o'clock this after noon, sir. Tbo mail was no doubt late at Wor cester ; and the road is very heavy now between there and here." " There's no uncertainty about it, then— that he won't be here to dinner?" " No, sir ; he can't be." Sir Dene turned his back, and Jaryis retreated from the room. By- and- by, when the old man was dozing in his easy chair by the .fire, he was woke up by a resplendent vision kneeling at his feet. It was Mrs. Letsom. She -was in a pale pink silk, richly trimmed with lace, but she wore neither flowers nor jewels ; bis fair neck and arms were bare. " Grandpapa, I have come with a petition," she coaxingly said, win ding her pretty white arms about him. " Oh, if you will but grant it !' " What is it, my dear?" he asked, bending to kiss her. For he loved her very weil, though not as he had loved Margaret. She kept his head down to whisper in his ear. - " Let me wear i&e; diamonds to-night!" Up went Sir Dene's face with a jerk. A jerk of puzzled surprise. " The diamonds, Louisa! What diamonds? " Yours, grandpapa. The Clanwaring , dia monds." Sir Dene shook his head. "Those diamonds have never been got out, except to be looked at, eince my wife died." (f. "Then I'm sore it's time they were aired," to turned to# young lady. , w ' . Gpr .di.amot.idB are wyn,, youee, "'"hut . ths .witei?<>Mhe reueifc.XpKt," ; .tfiowinedi nqt . Juog, he shell matry."c j,., t v , . .... - N " Butiriiy needy oaheto irahjrito, fcitodpapa P Dene'fliWfctoM Krm "It is our custom, ohild Yoqr mptoerpcee atteckedmeorithesubjeck of the diamonds, trying to >pejrsuade ':-rg3»f' wear th#m. If I re- member aright were going to the-bati at the; Worcester Music Meeting, with the Foleys, and others. But I gave her lo. understand once for all, that it could not be." ; V " That was different, grandpapa. This would be in our own hoUee, just 'for to-night. If you would let it be tfie necklace only, then !" " I don't like to break through the rule, Louisa. Dene might not like it, either." M Dene's not - here. Besides— he "has no busi ness te like or dislike anything of the kind, as long as /ou are with us. I think Dene would be the first to eay I should wear them, grand papa." Sir Dene remained silent, as if considering. Mrs. Letsom rose, and began turning herself round in the light of the fire, her hands held out. " My dress looks well, doesn't it, grandpapa. It's new on to-night." , " Very well, my dear." " But don't you see that I have neither brace lets nor necklace on P I'll tell you why. While I was dressing just now, my maid discovered that my jewel box had not come. Not that there's muchinit, except the pearls. I have nothing to wear to-night, grandpapa." 1 Your mother has jewels. Borrow some of he'-" , "I'd not wear any she's got — wretclicd old trampery ! Oh, grandpapa, if you would ! Just the necklace only. You would enjoy the benefit of «eeing it worn on a neck once again." And Sir Dene yielded. With the fond lace ktosing his, and the white arms entwined about him, he could but yield. But . only the necklace, he said ; and. he was resolute in that Only the -necklace. " Ring for Gander then, Louisa." Tha diamond case was kept at the bottoniof a chest in the next room, Sir Dene's chamber. Getting his keys, Sir Dene unlocked the chest him self ; and Gander dived down with his hands to get it out. He had removed sundry things : Sir Dene's military orders (he had one in his coat to-night), parchments belonging to the estate, and such like. Mrs Letsom, her face aud fingers alike eager, stood by and held the light. But the case of diamonds wore not there; Sir Dene sunk down in a chair speechless. Gauder raised a hullabaloo. For once the faithful, old man servant lost his wits. He flew out into ihe passages, shouting oat wiidly, " Thieves ! Thieves;!" ; Louisa followed, wild too, screaming in her turn, and whiflling the candle about. It brought; out the jaeople who were attiring themselves in their dressing-rooms : L dy Lydia, Aunt Ann, Captain Clanwaring, and Otto. The captain demanded whether the house had gone med. " No," said Gander, " it's the diamonds that jb gone. We've had thieves in." f " The beautiful Clanwaring diamonds," shrieked Louisa. " Aud I was to have worn them to- night." Otto stood, half paralysed. He 'looked at. his mother-, he looked at his brother, but they both went suddenly into their rooms again, and shut the doors. Going up to Louisa, he caught her hand. " Say- no, .more, now, Louisa, he whispered in some agitation. " Hush it up. Hush it up, by any ireaus in your power— if you value this bouee's peace and good name." "Hush it up!"' retorted Louisa Letsom, in a loud tone of rage. " Hush up the theft of our diamonds ! You cannot know what you are say- ing, Ottto Clanwaring."- -j From the Argosy. (to be continued.) 