'BY B L. -FABJEOIf. JLothor of .. AMD (Grif," JflistHJA. 'Makvbe," ««BtADk-6VGitAb." ; . fllhr anbntta ritfrt of repobUihfaig; . #nth Autn)lt ka been paiehsrad Irtki Prop MriaMOMmrJ CHAPTER XXIV. effiLFISH T^^ENDfGB Atfb VNSJ&FTSH.; LOVB. : What !pUt.| pore accident' .cirald bibpght D.aVid ©hpldrake andLily to. phiniS day? There was nothing ir~~ th&lneetiiig;, arid setting aside' the _ tion(as hitherto borne out by.hia aptidhs) lihat' Mr. Sheldrake . was Afoeiis fiiehcL Ham|itph Court, is open to afi the.'WbiM ana hjsl Wife, and the ehesriuMfrees, iri. Bushy Tarichad'a "wide renown.. They *w> beiu tifrihthrough! ail the yeajy in ahd .oht ,oS blossom; their 'leaves hayfe, "shaded!many; thousands of lovers, and-will !do! again vand. fhfe ttory that'is as bid as theshifia bast>een whispered and acted over aha '6Ver agaiif Jt6; the noble branches - that break the'sdhlighlj and theniOOnlight fantastically, Arid'wlSt.. tras there.to prevent. Mr.. Sheld^ahb having ah eye' for the beautiful?., ■ J' { J "! " It xe all appearance ;tht Mosknatuiril occnirehce .ih the' World, "^df j^yt^tuhlh had flosuspicion that.the .meetipgwas bre-: arranged. if *it had been, "uh&e; SrfraS the. Latin? Alfred'Saw none,'and. If'h'e had-^—.' Wdlj'lf he had, it isdim£uit to deterfnirie! how he Would have beted! 'Meh are to' .be found who are at once So itetfisk aridso we&k;' that clhey bring "a" moral blindness upon themselves. In the pnrsnit of their own selfish erids ,they~ are incapable of. seeing in; thgjjfcdctioha a .possible evil resolt.to . those; whom they love. Their minds ;arer min*ora reflecting from within, in which they" see. nothing but themselves and their own troubles and desires. The holiday commenced most happily, and Iily?s heart's hopes were as brignt as the clOuds&bove; her. " The: day was.≠'vehf in her ..fife of even routine. She was'as blithe' as a bird. As'she walked, die felt as if 'she ; would like todance, and as she coUld not do that, she hammed her favourite songs, and: pressed Alfred's arm to her .side, and showed her grateful spirit, in a hundred little affectionate wots. ' Every' little inci dent afforded her pfeasnre, and strangers; looked admiring^ at her bright fake.. When! she bnd .Alficed "arrived at Hsurmton ;Court' she was nrthe gayest of spirits, . She cbatted - merrily'onaUtorts of subject^ anddraiik-in SpinLot exceeding thankfulness.. She'was [ gnd and.wotiaan in one. . It would have done ahy ipstsbh .gbpd to bee "her^Mni^^l^pt likb waB Uh'e in.her womahlin^ts'that every how tind then die wonld set .Alfred's 'renkrlu. to favourite airs, and sing rtherii again and attbin in a dozen different, Wajh. Alfred! thought he had never Been her so completely; happy as now,.and he expressed his tfiougM jdfwtionately. ' ^I am as nappy as a bird," die sSid. ." X doh'fc think I ever felt happier m.my life;: aud i have you to thank for it, dear, and that makes me happier stilL" . In this way didher affectionateJiature pay exorbitant interest for Alfred's " small outlay of Kindness. Asshepressedhis arm tohbr breast,- and held it there, ^Alfred thrilled, with amazement at her goodness; he looked, into her sparkling eyes, which were deny with-joy. . ..... .' f'Doynn know What, Lilt" . What dear?' ; V I am glad you are my sister." . . . Her heart laughed as he .said the words, i."And glad that you love me Lil," he added. .< "What would life be without love, .dear Alff She did not know (although she might haveguessed, as she was aware that he had a heart-secret) what a tender chord her words touched. What would life be without lore? Ah! think of it, all, and. believe that it it the richest dower woman can bring to man, therichest gift man cangive to woman! Love, faith, and chanty—•&. the rest is dross. Out from the branches flew a bird, and after it another. lily's eyes followed them—up,_up in the clonds, which seemed fit dwelling-place for the graceful things, until they were lost out of sight. Bat Ldy did not miss them j for in the clouds de saw .her, hopes reflected. She was in harmony with the peacefulness and beauty «£ everything around and abont-her. Every blade that sprang from the earth, pvenr leaf that thrilled to the whisper of thewind, every glint of light imprimed in the brown and green lattice-work of .the trees, every bright bit of colour that dwelt in cloud and flower, contributed to her, happiness. Such times as these are Forget-me-nots. : ' So they strolled through .the gardens, and into courtyards so still a^quistfbafc.ibsy appeared, scarcely to belong to the busy world. They went into the picture-gallery because Alfred said it. wasthe proper thfog to do; but a gloom fell upon Lily when she eras in the rooms. They were sad and sombre, and there was something dispiriting in the manner in which the few persons who were at thePalace walked about and looked at the pictures. They walked with soft footfalls, and spoke with bated breath,, and wore a solemn expression.on their counte nances, which seemed to.say, "We are walking among the dead." One might not inaptly .bare imagined, indeed, that at night, when no profane footstep disturbed the silence, the Palace was a ,palace of ghosts and shades that rose from the floor, andstarted from frame and wainscot, to play their parts in the shadowy world to which they belonged. ; The excitement and pleasure of the day rendered Lily more thaw usually susceptible to outward, influences. -Every nerve in her was. quivering with susceptibility, and the contrast between the ghostly rooms and the. bright landscape without sensibly affected her. She hurried Alfred through the rooms nervously, but the dyes of a Puritan, that glared at her sternly from the wall, arrested her attention ana frightened her. The face was sunless; even about the lips and eyes there was no trace of gentleness or .sweetness. .The cruelly hard lines in the face of this man spoke of severity, austerity, absolutism, and declared, " life is bitter; it is a battle of brute forces, and he who wins by strength of character,, by dogmatism, by harshness, achieves a moral victory, and proves himself worthy. There is but one course—bend all the forces of your will, all the power of your strength, to crush those whose ways are not your ways, whose belief is not your belief. There is not room for all; some have no business here. To be human is pot to be humane." . Lily's heart grew faint as Bhe gazed at this stein face, and it was only by a strong effort that she wrested her attention from it. She was glad When she was ont in the sunshine and among the flowers again, and her light headedness soon returned. Alfred's mood was more subdued. Lily did not notice when they started from home that his gaiety was forced, and that he seemed to be playing a part; but it was so. His cheer frilness was only assumed. Notwithstanding the outward evidences of prosperity he displayed, he was in trouble again—in immediate trouble, that is; for, like a very numerous class, so long as his circumstances were easy for to-day, he was easy in his mind. He rarely looked beyond; sufficient for the day was the good thereof. But to morrow comes inevitably, 'and it cams to Alfred, and brought trouble to bis door. Nearly all his racing speculations had gone against him. (The race for the Goodwood Cup, the winner of which he was so confident of having "spotted," as thephraseis, had proved disastrous to him. The acceptance for seventy-five pounds which he had given to Con Staveley would soon be due, and he had not the means to meet it. He had • borrowed money of Mr. Sheldrake, and he bad given that gentleman he did not know what- documents as security—security of the frailest, as his friend took care to him. " It is a mere matter of form," Mr. Shel drake bad' said; "for as you have no property' and are worth nothing, these WH« and I 0 Vs are worth almost as much as waste papa. But I trust to your honour, w (you'll not hA m® :#*. Bat liju.foii^ ^L >4 ^il,, I would torigtypu if it TOre Jioli fw.Idlyfc be bound , to ^epl^ J^t ii iB ior^y A d»; this, wndnpt foryou. .You < don'tjiuiudmy saying w% dpy»i?,,ltii#<b?pwe I ljkeber. sad want ;l»ec., to,. thii|kwdJ ^piperr-not without dfiB^Wg it» -A|f j A tfriftk l:deBerpe: it; that '?J. am disposed, to stiakto] you. • You'll hi/re]* sli$ecf luokiPnia d»yj ^y.poy, s That tip .-of .yonns&r.; the Qupwas abad ope;, bat be tterluek nert time,; that's; my rinotto. How; much j didjyoulope? = 0, that wasp^t A gr^c<o^'',;(m^tiugligldi of iserious.sumto Alfred); ''you'llj«(<ra;pull, that up. Of course youllbe.able .tO;,-uieet> that ]$fcle .hifi of Stavelpy'sV. H I jdidn>t, think,# yrae all ?ight. -l wouldn't tell you, what hesai<j yesterday, He.swore ths£;ifi the bill wasn't, paid {what put# into: his, head that it wouldn't fc;:pggriet.!peii$fe.' ! wouldn't < hold,me acootuitable, jbut} wonldr come dowp upon you, and, press the ipney • opt pf, you. die's a? i hard aa.naflsiOtt aome:) iPpintaj ia Oo^; S$wtar*£ «&:&&. ifww, ibeoapsel'vejbeen let in: byj;aO:man.y ^f my friepftn He .can't,make out;whattmakes_-me, cotton. to you iso ;-but .thenjlm lmsi't seen (Lily, • has, he, Alf? or h? might alter chis, 'tune."" ; . • ; : .; .•* .r:,\ .',• .-■ - Ii: f ! Ofcourse Alfred said he would be ableto meet 'Con Staveley's bill, .hoping that .mean- •. .while the slice of luck (which, unfortunately, for the, hopeful, ones, ;is - neatly always figurative) wpqld be . put. .off jFortune'p. pudding for' fiim.; But it wasn't ; and pay-; day waadrawing near;. and he had Bjsen j h9i^wiuK^pi^..u^i^^iT:rharlL jShbldrifes, ■ some of wpiqh he had lost in racing ap, nsupl, - and; aopie; of which ; hehad ispent, ppan himself, and in other-- waya>, ; §0 ; -thatr altogetherhe was in a bad _ way.-j jandi d^^jwh^nyw where to tumforassmtanpe to.; Moat him throaght hip mpneypcrapes.; Of ; oneihing he. was oert*in-r-it depended .upon - I^Jy ^whether Mr. Sheldrake captioned to be hisfaend. He ertrMted' comfort - frbm,thifl j thought; for as, the word of prpppaeispften (kept tothe ear to break, it to the hope, so he ;t cajoled himself.: ipto- baheying thatLily, entertained a rwarm feeling! for,:Mr. .Shet-,.; jdrake; he helieVed it becadse it was vitally necessaiytahimithatitshould,be^po. S^U |he would make sure. Hp had A :fav;Qur - to jask of Mr. Sheldrake this very day, and Inly, wpuld be able to assist him in obtaining it.; jFerhaps she wduld. be jfdile to pot in a word j for him withthat gentleman. He absolutely |saw uothii^g wroxig in the though^. It ym, •however, with an uneasy fefeiling ■ that -he ; jcpmihended the , conversation, and he was. S'ther uhaxned of hituw^f for .going- round< K>ut instead of coming straight to the . ; c . I am so glad you are enjoying yourself, ■ -- ; ■■ fie could find nothing betterto say than. *'1 cah*t^help it, Alfred; it wonld be. m^rat^M not to on sddi (a day. -4nd-Ic jen^oy" It rail' the morej hppause .you' havd! jbrohghk imcr und hepause you ppe, wii^ ^ Hone > le.j money; . _r_. r.. "isn't it a ^Ham4 wjrv - ;^et onmuch ru hewantajl'', I .''l^t^d^euds,- Al^ |withra;tou<h. of philosophy^ which Bounded : all ' the pmtidr Bum her lij^ heeduie, die' : wtts Hiftla^ipduojni in t}ui worldt who wojiild ' bfe supposed. to be given tophdoaophuang, i<<upon^^'inu&Aj;^pwwunls.*' ! * . . . " Hpt niuch,*) he said, " not . A eineatMeaL . There tu^htuidreds of people whohave more' thap theyknow ivhat to, ao with" V"I think," said .Lily, in a musing tone,' "one can do with a very littleand be very happy." " You say so because you're a girl; if you were a man, you would think different" . "Perhaps," she said, with a readier, mental acquiescence than the word expressed. " A jinan wants so many things," - con tinued Alfred, with only one interpretation of " man" in his mind, mid that was Hiwiadf, "that a girl hap ho idea oL He has to move in the world, and do as others do, if he doesn't" want to lookmean and shabby; it's hard lines oh a fellow .when it comes to that. Now a girl's different; so long as she's comfortablejithome, she's all. right There is no oeoasion for. hear to knockabout" '; •. " Alfred," said Lily, looking into his face suddenly, "yon speak as if yon were in trouble,*' " And if I were, and i£ yon cooldhelp me, lily, would yon?" "Would I!" She took his hand.' and kissed.it, as she had done once before, this' morning. ; 'A. wtse man,. or rather one. rwho, had learnt wisdom (far the two definitions are not synonymous), wlio, vhtt'rtrofiihg in the gardens, saw the action, and thought,' " How fond -that' girl is of that. young feUf»W 1" pathnQy. setting, them down , as. sweethearts ; and. in hit superior' wisdom smiled somewhat sneerjngly at thehollow^ ness of lotus yppng. dreajm "Wopld'.Il what would I hpt do for'those I lore!" , Itj was, kerL heart that spoke, and the words cattle from her unaware. "Tell me your trouble, Alfred." . --, ''Money," he replied curtly; "that's my trouble.-"'-..;'",. • " " Can J help you dear? I earn some."'r "And give it all to grandfather," he.said. bitterly; for be thought what better ,use he cotpld make -,of', Lilys e^ndugs ^thiah his gran dfather,, and how many fine chances, of backing the right horses he, was thrown away for want of mpans. * •' . "Yes," shesaid, in a surprised tone at his bitterness;surely that'sright, Alf." " O, I suppose it is," he answered, in a rough ungradous manner; "whatevergrand father is , mixed pp. with, mid whatever he does, must be right, of .course." " What is the matter with you and grand father?" she asked in deep anxiety; the brightness was beginning toj die: oat .of the day. " I can'tfceLl youlrow grieved X have been to see the way , you behave , to each other. You do hot love each other as you used^ to do. I. was in hopes-this, morning that it was all rightbetween you again." " How can I.tell yon what it is mat makes hiin treat roe as he does, Ldy.wheh I don't know myself ? Directly you ,weht put of the room this morning, he began to nag me, mid 1 ceuldn't stand it. He's always ait me. If he sees me with a new snit of clothes on, he preaches at me either with his eyes or his toncne." \- Lily was exquisitely distressed. - Mired spokeas if his grandfather were his enemy, and they were both necessary to heir; sne loved them both—not equally; her love for Alfred was the stronger. If it were placed distinctly before her that she would .be ; compelled to choose between them, she : would have chosen Alfred. This contingency did hot present itself to her- now, but she was sufficiently grieved at the consciousness of the breach between the two persons upon whom until lately she had bestowed all her love. Could she heal it? could she do any thing? she asked timidly, "Whose fault is it, Alfred—yours or grandfather's?" "Is it mine?" he demanded impetuously, in return, "Now, I ask you, Lily, do you thlnlr it is mine?" " No, no,,rshe replied, with generous and loving impetuousness; "I am sure it is not." And thus committed herself, almost instinctively, out of her love for him. "Well, then," he said, feeling like a coward, "there it is." He paused, expecting lily to speak, but she was silent. She was trying to collect her thoughts, so as to take a clear view of the breach, but she could not do so. Indeed she was not strong enough. "If I have a new suit,of clothes," con tinued Alfred, harping upon the theme, and inwardly chafing atner silence, "grand father preaches^ me a sermon. That's why I didn't show him the chain the other day. I don't want to say anything against him, but young men are not the same as they used to be. Now, I put it to you, Lily; if .you had anybody that you liked—I mean that, you cared for a bit—that—that—you were —very fond of——" "Alfred!" cried Lily, looking at him with eager eyes. r:-"Fast If you *w#c »!*!#». fndj, hadanybody that -yot| lpv^Lr-^rert J now ifo-opt 1—wouldn't you like tolook-wellinhereyes!" -.,... ,. i " Q» yes, tob, , Alfred! Andhaveyou some . (me lue that?- I thought so—I J. •„ V . .. •• ,..: •r'fYps, I .hRy«, .IjiIy,'' he Said, ".and aheis : the dearest) pettiest, best.girl in the world, : lily.!; Aud it'shecaose, jBte% poor ; ■■■**That's iMthing,(Alfred," ^, < a" That's nothing, of jCoprse, in her. -Bat. : fceoause; she's ppor l try to make a Bttle | money po '.3s to bejnicej said make h6? * ■ present now and then, perhaps; and because of ihatgraiidfather'BalwayB atme.hreaching —,preachhj^^;^eaohing. 0, Idly, yon ■ shpuldsee }&rl; Sto-is asgood ps.you, are, ! and aa jtret^ n^nxnyryprd, JuL" ■ ■,■- , " Prettier an4 betiOT,,.Aifrod,"J said lily, taking his .hand and caressing it, ^ewopld have liked to throw her aijmsround hishiepk," hot , they were Bitting inthp gardens, and jpeqpie's; eyes jWere upon, them; so she was: 1 compelled3to. the, impulse, Aani to | qpntp^hCTe^fwife jwrafmng apA saying, ''I pm so glad pTp, so jgladland that W*8 ;y«ur secret; You,have gotsome 1 onB that you dove^—my dear, .mydearest! Q,: [how.-. happy you have- mede,me? And yon -lpyehptyeigiyezymuch?" / • f , ; i.-".^t4f^J.Wrhe^aAdsoid,liily." He isp&etiiptiiatir;, . «« Andj §he loves you? ,;Bpfc what a ;question!jAsif she coofd help it!" ^ . She^looked intp^.his handsoipe, fpMwith : genuine admiratiop. H°*r height, the clay, I waaf^ain:! Eaith,sky,pir, g^w lovelier ra the hght af her happiness; foi- mthelo.ve. 'lux brother bore to this girl she saw her own irodeoted*v ; r ... . -r .; - < . •? ! , "She loves me as well as I love her,. Idly." ; ; . ; . £ ,r .. ..,: J - f'l am sure nf it-TTrl am sore of it jshe; Icpuldn't do otherwise. /What is her naipe?" _lizzie^" answered Alfred withgratified vanity. , , ■; .. "lizzie! Lizzie!^ I shall.have a sister j I love ber already my dear,./ Of conrse," she said slyly, <ryou have'her portrait?" i " How do you know, you puss?" he asked, with a laugh and a blush, .She echo&d; his laugh, and said, with an affectationof superiorwisdom, \- " I could shut my eyes and findit—^there!" and she touched his breast- pocket lightly. 1 ".'Here it is, Lil," he said-bashfully and proudly, taking; Lizzie's portrait from bis - pocket. " What do you think of her? Bat it doesn't do her justice, i ^ \- Hie accumulative sins that photographers are guilty of in (c not doing jusUce'' musfi Isurely bring a heavy retribution: upon them, -one of - these days. Sat in this instance they found a- zealous phampion in Lily, who gazed at ihe portrait with admiring oyes, Mid lriiawl iti«auh smd: again .. . - '' What a beautifol face! whatlovely hair I'' ("All her own, Lil,"interpolated Alfred.) , "1 can tell that. And she has brown eyes, ,like mine. . And your portrait is in .this jlocket round her neck. - When shall I see ! herreally ?" ' 4<Soon; I have told her abont you. But O, lily, l am so unhappy.with it idl! lam 'tiie*nmrt miserable^ wretch in the world, I do bdieyel" '/i s 1 • - - "TJnha{®y i" fixclaimed Idly, bewildered > by. these: rdtematrons of .feeling. "Miser able ! Idont nnderstand yon,, Alfred." ,: ! Indeed, she canld not understand it.. She. judged from her own feeUngs; <to love and : he loved was to her ipragination the highest condition of happinoas. Earth coptained no brighter. l(d:; and if in theHeaven and futiire i life we believe in and hooh: forward to^-all of ob, 1 nppe—some such (bliss as theMiss,or pure love is to be ours, therecanbeno betteriewardfor living a good life. "You ask me to tell you my'.troubles," said Alfred, .a little sulkily, "and I told you; money. But you seem to. have for-; gotten italready." ; "I did, for a moment, my dear," she replied remorsefully; "I forgot it in my delight at the news you have told me for and in the wmtemplatHm of your happiness." ' "How can I be happy," he grumbled, " with such ft trouble upon me? You do not know what it is, and how it weighs me down. How can I show, my face to lim whenl am so pressed* imd when l am in and can't pay?" . . " And yet," she spud, out of her own foodoe&s; aim unselfishness, "you have rougbtme hfirefor aholiday to-day, and ! have been thoughtleasenough to come, and put: yon . to expense, when l ought to have gues8edyoucpuldnotTaffordit!" . The very construction she placed upon it displayed him in a genero us light, which he so little deserved, that he .felt inwardly ashamed of himself. .. - - .. " Hew could you guess ?1 have kept my troubles to myrolf. Why ihould I bother you.; wfth them ? And it would be hard nowand. then. It isn't much Igiye you, Lil—not as much as I should .like to.- rCJntil I .saw 14m^ I had no one to love hut you, and now, when everything might be do splendid with me,, here am I stumped because!.am hard up. ; It's too had, that's what itis—it's too bad altogether; mid just at the tipe that I have got the tip tor the Ceaarewitch,and could make a thousand ppunds as safe as nails." All this was Greek to' Lily.". She did not know What the. "Hp" or the desarewittih was, but she .was too anxiously interested in Alfred's main Rouble to go into details. "2s itmuch money you want, Alfred ?" ; "N<viwtmnchLUy." "Whynot ask grandfather " But he. interrupted her with sudden yehemence. ■ /"Lily !" he cried, "i forgot. Grand father. mustn't know . anything of this. Promise me." . ;.. " I promise,".she answered readily: " but why, Alfred?" He dared not tell her the truth f he dared not say that his grandfather suspected him, and suspected him with just, cause; he himself did not know whether it was suspicion or. actual knowledge that caused his grandfather to be doubtful of him. Then how could he tell her to what purpose her earnings were devoted; if she knew that, not only, would she become acquainted with the shameful story of their father's crime, but she might get to learn the story of the little iron box. For he was guilty of the theft; it was he who had stolen the. money, intending, of. course, to replace it, and not knowing why it was hoarded up so carefully. As he sat silent now in the light of the beautiful day, with his trouble; heavy upon him, and>suffering from the remorse that is hot born of repentance, all the circumstances of the theft, spread themselves swiftly before him. The money had been, stolen in just the way his grandfather had surmised in the .interview that took place between them on the night of his mother's death. He had seen his grandfather go often to the iron box, and. he suspected that it- contained money. One day, when his grandfather was not at home, he tried the cupboard in which the iron box was placed for safety, and found it locked. Seeing a key upon the mantel shelf, and believing it to be the key of the iron box, he ran out of the room with it, and took an impression of it, and from the impression had a false key made. Then, on the very, night his grandfather had men tioned, he watched the old man eat of the house, and took the iron box from the unlocked cupboard. He opened the box, and was taking the money from it when he heard a sound from the bed behind, him. Turning, he saw his mother with her eyes open, as he thought, watching him. For a few moments he could not stir, he was so dismayed; bat a sigh from his mother which was half a groan completely aroused him, and going to the bed he found his mother asleep. Believed, he completed the theft. This scene was always before his eye$ when he was in trouble; when his money affairs were easy and he had sufficient for the day, he rarely thought of it. He had quite, made up his mind that, supposing his mother had been awake, he would have told her all— how that he had used money belonging to his employers, not for the first fame; that it was imperative he should replace it; and that it was better to take for a time these savings, hoarded up by his grandfather for a then unknown purpose, rather than allow, exposure to oome. '' Mother would have given me right," he often thought, but he did not b»ye;tJw opportunity, of; tooting ^hather, bis thought? iwae oOrreet. ridl/his ne^r toknoTfyfhether ibis mother had gone dowh to the gtayO; with the consciousness that her sod, asweli sa her . husband, waa a thief.; . . -.-j yd ;»• .:; . . i. • 