A Seance In a Fashionable New York Ohurch The New York Herald reports what it gravely calJs 'one of thejmost extraordinary and interesting mani festations of pBychic force which has ever appealed to the credulity of intelligent men,' and women and gives the following relation as the 'faithful and serious statement of an eye witsesB, who intends milv to tell the truth': — ' Sunday after Sunday last summer a table, standing immediately under the little desk from which is weekly announced the Gospel according to Beecher, in TSew York, showed . unequivocal symptoms of being thrilled by the fervid oratory of the 'Young Meu's Ap?sfle.' As everyone knows who has attended Plymouth Church, tho preacher and she audience usually settle down to' serious business at about the middle of the ' prse-sermon' prayer. ' It is Mr. Beecher' 8 custom at this point of the service to ' let himself out ' with that gratid earnestness which is the ohief secret of his success as an orator, and after a few sentences of passionate rhetoric, the congrega tion willingly abandon themselves to his magic spell. At times, indeed, the audience teem en banted ; ? they sit motionless as the men in that Eastern tale who had been turned into stone by tho wand of a wicked magician. It was at this junc ture that the disembodied spirits who, viewless to the gross vision of mortals, delighted t» haunt the precincts of the temple, were wont to betray symptoms of agitation And they 'manifested' their excitement after the cus tomary fashion of modern ghosts by an attack upon a table— that 'miSdle reporters' table,' which ia one of the most conspicuous objecU in the church. The table began to move to and fro, slowly at first and then faster, with a weird, tremulous, sliding motion that stirred the souls of those who looked on with solemn awe. As 'Amen' closed tho invoca tion to the Deity for wisdom to know the right and strength to hold fast to it, tbe dumb furniture, whioh thus betrayed the sympathetic onergy of the dead with the e grand aspirations of the living, tipped up and down — so violently, indeed, aB to throw the pencils of the scribes upon the floor. Through the sermon the manifestations - wore even more marked. Thoso things, wonderful as they are, occurred not once or twice, but many times, j hey were only stayed by the dispersal of this' set of reporters to other tibics. Yieldimr to a mistaken fear of Mrs. Grundy, a vigarous effort has b^.en mode to hush up these interesting and instructive illustra tions of an unexplored force of nature. We are assured by eye-witnesses that there was no possiblo concert among the reporters to move tho table, and that its gambols continued in a more de monstrative form than before after every human being near by had drawn back their chairs several feet from it These movements, also, which at tim-s assumed almost a saltatory earnestne», curiouely corresponded with the outflow of the currents of Beecher theology. Whenever the preaoher made an effective peroration, he thrilled the table as_ well ss his hearers, while in seasons of merely ^ordinary interest the table had scarcely a perceptible motion 