INTERCOLONIAL CHICICE1' MATCH. A match between eleven of Bnllarat and an even number of Lnilliceslnn wns played on the Lnunccslon Cricket Club Ground yesterday, wickels being pitched at 1(1 a.m., Ihe Ballnrat team going into the field. Messrs. Hogg and Martin ap pearing wilh the willow for Lnuucebtoii to the bowling of Gaggin nnd Hunt, Hogg receiving Ihc lirst ball from Gaggin and opening the score nilh a light cut for one ; a lillle piny by Martin nnd he fell a victim lo Gaggin, who wns bowling in line style. First nickel for 7 runs. W. (ilynn joined Hogg, nud Hunt's third over took his bails. Two wickels for 1 1 runs. At this stage of tho gnnlo mnnv persons thought Ihnl T-nuneeston stood a very good chance of being defeated iu tlic smile mnnner as Holiarl Town, hut John Arthur, who succeeded Glyun. by n vcrv earefullv nnd skillfully played innings oV k;. ulte'red the stnle of Ihe game; his threes, the remainder being made by twos nnd singles. At first Mr Arthur wns vorv slid', on nreounl of having ridden 1*1 miles, and being nlso in a vcrv delicate slate of health, unable to do any mischief, hut he fcrodimlly wnnncd lo his ' wnrk. Afler Mr Hogg lind placed l:l lo his credit he wns 0.1,1 -I, I by Mannoll'GngL'iu. W. Collins joined Arthur: the tv.o tt'Citl to wotu it) ti&nipsl;, tint] tho s/v5r*' rapidly ran up from li lo 8:1. Pumpliilioti succeeded Hunt bowling but nilh no cflecl. and Cleverly relieved Gnsgiu, his first bull being a wide, when Collins gave Melvonzie 11 chance, which he wns only too glud lo get, nnd Collins retired hny ing ployed 11 capital innings fora's. Fuller noxl appeared, nnd another clmngc iu (lie and Gaggm nt Pnmphilimi's. Two mnidcii overs followed, Fuller plnyingGoggin's iu fine style, the lidding during the over being the best in the game. Fuller then drove one from Kiluer to leg for one, which wns beautifully handled by Jialkntylle. ilie telegraph fclioimig. amidst a round of applause, l--0. After oueortwonwro had been obtained, Hunt went on nt Gaggin'ii end with the slows, and Fuller s life ought to have ended, bul Mann missed il, although Iho bnll liadl)Wii--litaTO.,l liy Arthur. Fuller iras caught by lulnof, having iniiile II. 5 wickets for 12J. T. Barrell now joined Arthur, and iu a verv bhort time the telegraph showed loll, although Dal Inntyne with slows hud gone ou ut Hunt's end, Gaggin going on again at B.illau tync's end and bowled n ninideu, nud then gave up to McKonnie. who bowled n inniden, which iinrrett (lied very liurd (0 s|ioi!. but the Holding was too good. Another change in the liowirn— Wynuc- going on nt Mrfu-iinc'ii end, tho tcle grnph slowly hut surely creeping up un til it reached 181, or one more than the Ballarut team put together in Hobarl junii. uiiimuiyiic ngiiiu Mem ou wuu the slows, oiid Arthur gnve Norauui a chance, which was willingly accepted, il being the ouly one lie had given during his long innings, the score being 22 wheu he went in, and before he could be dis posed of, with the assistance of Collins. Fuller, and llarrclt, it had reached I!l.1. Dr. Mnddox made 11, aud he was the only one of Ihc others that reached two figures, the innings closing for ail. Bar relt carrying out his bat for a fine played 51\. Hunt and Pamphilian immediately showed at the wickels for Ballarat to the bowling of Hogg and Puller, and 22 runs wcro quickly made, whon Pauiphiliou was finely caaglu by Martin. Cleverly was 110M, and Hunt lieing finely caught by Hogg, he wns joined by ICilner, who, nfler having made 13, nas run out. and Wynne being bowled by Hogg, Ihe board showed 4 for M. Bnllanlyne came next, and cut Ihe first ball for two, which was rather clumsily linndle.l by W. 6nnu. W. Collius then wont on at Fuller's end with the. slows, nnd llallautyne drove iho first Id leg for f-, nnd was caught very neady by Dalv ntiLJint in llio next m ? oil' -I.W- bowling having nude It, ih- top score for Dnllurat ; the olliers mniti no sund, nnd (he innings closed for Ii7, or 117 be hind Launccston, wlio decided, oil putting them in ngnin on the runs. Mclvenzie nnd Kilncr being lirst, Hogg nnd Collins bowling, but they nud Norman were quickly disposed of, the telegrnph mnrli iug:l wickets for (wo runs. Pomphilion and llnllunlyne got together nn 1 rnpidlv run Hie score up to 31. when D-illnnlyiie gave the ghost of a rhaiia-, and Fuller niter running nearly 30 ynrds, succeeded in terminating his career. This w,is decidedly Ihe finest catch in Ihc game, and wns lui(lly applauded. (i Wynne was ne*l, bu( nag coiighl hr Ar(liu.r, milking (i wickets for .Hi runs. II mil and (lleverly now Rol into tho run of the bowl, ing, which they punished very severely nnu iu siiiuj 01 several changes, at 7 p in., when the stumps were drawn, had managed (0 run the score into three figures, and Ihe innings with (I wiokels down closed for 102, Hunt having eon tribulcd :«i (in which there was one S. nnd :l lours) and Cleverly 27. II r JI. Douglas slood umpire for our eleven during their inningAnd Mr G. Collins ami afterwards Mr Wmgfield for Hul larol, Mr Cowlo nnd Mr Snicer scoring. An excellent luncheon had been provided inMrTulmngc'susual style, to which the lilnycrs did ample, justice about 2 n m There was a good attendance including many of tin, fair sox in the afternoon. At the cIobc of the game, an adjournment to tlio pavilion took place, where a nice dessert was laid out nud Mr W. Collins Ihe captain of (he LauncestontanB pro posed the health of tho llallarat team, coupled with (he name of MrJ. L. Bal lontyne thoir captain. Mr Dallnutyno iu a short spooeh said ho had heard il. whispered about, Ihat his men were out of condition, having been travelling all day Wednesday, but Jic did not wish tn lake advantage of any excuses. Ho said they had met belter men thiiu tkoy antici pated, ond 011 the part of llio club he begged to return (heir sincere (hanks for the very handsome manner in which they hud been received, nnd to present, dm eaplain wilh the bat which he neknow lodged they hnd fairly won by superior cricketing. Belli clubs drank the healths in three limes three, and nfler Ihe um pires ond scoreni lind been duly honored j he company returned lo town. Subjoined LArKCESTON— 1'IHST INNIK09. T. Ifnffe:, cMnnn.bfininrlii ... 11 .1. Wnnln, II (.Win ? \ ?V. lilynnji Hunt ? A ?1 An ? ?, e Norman, b llnllnntync ? 87 W. Collins, e M'Kenile.b Hunt ? 35 K. Fuller, c and h Kiluer ? 11 T. Italy, c Wynne, h liaiianivno'!!!'! '\ i T. Atkinson, c anil linaluuiijne ? 1 \V. Sums, b l'aiuphilion ? 11 Dr. Maddux, e flevcrlv, b Uallantyne... 1 1 lives In, \ep byes J, widen i ? Is Touil ? ait Amluthofllmrlma.—tSagf'in liowlnl K12 balls, 42 11ms .1 maiJcii overs, ?- wickels 1 1 il IK bowled (-uifl) r,4 bulls, 24 runs, ' llliiiilen ov«t«, S iiickets , (slon-s) .IU bails, 2-2 runs, i'niuphilinn Iwwled -JIM halls. Ml run-, 1 1 maiden overs, 1 wicket. Cleverly hiiwle.1 18 halls, 1.1 runs. Kilner bowled :IG balls, 12 runs. 1 ninideM over, 1 wicket. Mal Inulyiie (slows) bowled US balls, .11 runs, 4 inniii, ? vers, 4 wickels. M'Kenzie lwwlecl -?? balls, il runs. 1 maiden over. Wynne bonlixl :ii) halls, rj runs. II. IIiliil, c llogg, h Kuller ? II ('. rniiiphilioii, c Martin, h Fuller ? 11 A. Cleverly, b Hogg ? :i J.I). Kiluur, run mil ? 13 C Wynne, 1, Hogg ? -; .1. I.. llall.iu(vnc,c Italv, h llngu; ? 14 1'. Ntirinnii. snl nnrrett'b Collins ? r T. W. liaggiiih lloRg ? u I. MnmiMdllarretl, bCnlliiu ? ) 1) Ma.lrten, c Dalv, h Collins ? u II. .I.McKenzic, untniil ? u live I, leg bye 1, no ball 1 ? 3 Tula! ? c: AmlysitofllaicUmj.— Hogg howled 90 balls, I'J runs, K maMcu overs, 4 wiekeu. Fuller Ihi»!o,I gc kills, ?-(, runs, '1 maiden overs, '_- wickels. Collins boivlcil ?-(, balls, 19 runs, I wiekcl. Sr.OONll IKMM fl 11\. J. M'Kenzie. 1 h w, b Collini il .1. 1). Kilner, c Daly, b Collins il A. I'miiplillimi b (.linn -t I*. Nornian, b llngp I J. I., llailauljne, c Fuller, h (ilynn ? II C. Wynne, c Arthur, h Collins ? 1 A. Cleverly, not out 2 II. Hum, not out If, II je I, leg bye, 1 Total Ilij Awili/*;* i-f Hurling. — Hogg bowled 1 1 lulls, :i;, runs ; ntai.lt-ii m-ers. 1 wicket. Col tins hauled .'.I bills. 2G runs, .1 wickels lilynii ImwIp.1.iiiIuIIs.3I runs. 2 wickets, liar rcll Imwled IK balls, 14 runs. Daly bowled i; halls, :l runs 