LITERARY KOTIGES. THE TEN LAWS OF HEALTH, or how disease is produced and fan be prevented, by Dr,. J. B. Black, published by Lappincott, of Philadel phia, is a book which ought to have a most extensive circulation, on account of its practical vnluo to the world, lt contains no new revela- tion respecting the art of preserving health, no new discoveries in medical science, but it sets before the reader almost all that is known on the subject, in a plain, neat, attractive, and rememberabln style, and, therefore, tends to powerfully impress his mind with a sense of tho great value of health, and to determine him to act in accordance with the laws by which health is preserved and disease prevented. Dr. Black believes that most of the diseases which afflict mankind, aro brought on by tho conduct of those who suffer from them, many of, whom sin against the laws of nature from ignorance, and many others from obstinacy. Sometimes people cat too little and drink too little, but, in the majority of cases, those who suffer from sickness are guilty of tho opposite vice. The great moss of mankind eat too much. A story is told of the celebrated Emanuel Swedenborg, tbcJSwedish seer, which, whether true or false, will help to illustrate our subject. Swedenborg who was crenerally of an abstemious habit, had on one occasion partaken rather freely of broad and milk, which food was agreeable to his taste, and, whilst pondering on some subjent, ho sud- denly looked up, when, Io ! he beheld a little grey man sitting on a seat close to him, and with his eyes intently fixed on him. At length the spirit spoke, and said, Why do you eat so muchP Tui-, it is ulleged was Swedenborg^ first interview with a spirit, and his first mani- festation of clniraudionce. _"We have here nothing to do with the question, whether the grey mon was a toni Simon Pure from the other world, or merely a post-prandial ghost, origi- nated by a few ounces of unassimilated bread and milk, but the question which the grey man is said to have uttered was a sensible one, and ono that might with perfect propriety be addressed to most people. The great majority of persons, who are in a position to supply themselves with as much food as they, can con- sume, eat far too much. And the richer and nicer the food is, the greater is the temptation to excess. Hence arises a very largo portion of the diseases of the wealthy. On the other hand, numbers of people are unable to get food suitable,to their wants, and heneo in their case discaso is often produced from an opposite cause. Dr. Black shows th'it, if men were to live, as they ought to live, they would die from tho gradual decay of nature, and not from dis- ease; whereas, under existing arrangements, not one in a thousand ever reaches a green and healthy old age._ After showing that cold' is not neai'ly so injurious to health as ia generally supposed, our author points out that the pri- mary condition of health is thc breathing of pure air. The constant motion of tho atmos- phere is of immense importance as a hygienic influence, causing noxious vapours to be swept off into space, and keeping the air we breathe constantly pure and fresh. Man, however, m his ignorance, often does his utmost to neutral- ize tue benefits arising from free ventilation. Dr. Black puts this matter very forcibly before his readers :- ' He builds himself houses, thick, heavy, solid, and as air- tight BS Ingenuity can devino. It ls lils study to render tho air In lils rooms as motionless as possible, and to »hut oft" all communication betweorr tho Inside and tho outside of hts house. A small air leak, from door-joint, window-frame, or InUniteslmal crevice, must bo Instantly romediod. In thus boxing up in his apartments a few oublo lect of air, he thinks hlmsoir nnd thoso lio holds dear fortunate In being shut In from outside purity, where lie must Inhale tho same air again and again. At night ho goes Into a sleeping-room, perhaps not moro than eight by ten feet In sir.», windows down, doors dosed, to breathe Its (our or Ave hogsheads of air some half-a dnzan times over before morning On entering suoh an apart- ment from the pure, crisp, outside morning atmosphère, tho foulness is almost overpowering. This foul nlr is often allowed to romain throughout tho day without any means of escape, ready to be rebrcathod on the succeeding night. The result Is that tho lungs aro huir starved, tho blood becomes poisoned, »nd the occupant gets up in tho morning as weory.ns languid, and as unrefreshed sa when he lay down. He thinks, and tho Idea is cherished hv many regardod as authorities, that hts weakne« nomes from too little eating : so the morning dis- taste for food is overcome by savory dishes, or by simply forcing himself to cat far moro than lils appetite- calls for. This only servos to make him feel worse, so he is advised to take wine and stomach bitters ¡ In short, ho must oat mora to remove his debility, while all the time the point of starvation is In lils lungs. Tho Doctor's further remarks on, the benefit of pure air, deserve careful consideration. One half, perhaps, of our complaints arise from the want of pure air. This is a want which nothing else can supply : The supreme Importance of good, pure lung food for sill living beings-the tender infant, the delicate daughter, the robust man, and tho old, bowod down with yea's-cannot be too strongly Impressed upon tho mind. Pure air ls not only the best of all blood purifiers, but It ls the best preserver against 111 effects from othor Impurities, and the beet of all tonics for weak lungs. The Idea, deeply flxod upon the popu- lar mind, that the only way for the weak to gaia strength Is throua-h eating and drinking; leads to tho Invention of an endless variety of tempting and ovcr-nntrltlous dishes, and to the drenohlng of the stomach with wino and bitters. The practice ls a most disastrous one. Thousands to-day are suffering in tills way, or by having th»lr lungs both starrod and poisoned, whllo tho stomach is stimulated to Its utmost, aiid gorged with rich ailments day and night. Tot suoh often remain palo, weak and thin, nnd quack doctors urge that more stomach bitters be taken to bring them out. They are also usually aarofnlly housed, and throated to keep away from fresh air, (rom everything like a current, and are not allowed to taka out- door exercise, except on the finest days, and then only for an hour or less oaoh doy, for fear of taking cold. Besides, the kind of exercise taken ls usually unworthy of the name, for lt too often consista simply in sitting quiet. In an easy po-turo. In au easy carriage. This mode is quite prt'pér for those debilitated by actual disease, but not for the'thin, weak, or delicate, who desire to be made strong and healthy. ' Little by little, and day by da}', should. out-door exercise be tnorea«ed, until the body becomes puro enough and strong enough to taka nar» of Itself, , ? ' If the uniform half starving of tho lunn be lons continued. eran though the stomach bo well supplied, tho body gradually becomes weaker and weaker, and paltr . and paler, lu ?plte.qf, all tho stimulants, all the tempting dishes, and all the oaro whtoh art can devise and affection bestow. And sb, In Hil» way, a regular deollno In health is established, or consumption .developed, all on account of the unfortunate mistake Jn think- ing that colds, weakness, and consumption, can only, be prp ' vented by careful housing nnd rich feeding. Bnoh a system ls. the very ono tooherlshand bring on suoh diseases. It develops thom amongst animals willoh rio not have thom in a state of tinturo. It «usus mon and women to1 put large quantities of food Into tho stomaoh, willoh, if digested andairriod into tho blood, does not receive sufllolent oxygen and. sunlight to ?develop Its strengthening power. It provenu the taking ol oxerolsé. to knit into firm fibre, and nervo rich elements In tho blood. ' It oauses large quantities of nutritious matter to bo arrested In Its organization, where lt must undergo docay, doranging the healthy action of the entire blood current, and. producing aotlvo disease In some ports of tho body, not.only from bad nutrition, but from the sreat labour .put upon same organ to expel suoh hurtful matters from tho body^ . . ,, m> Perhaps tho siiprome importance>f 'giving' tlipjungsi .«lay, and night, an unlimited supply of pure air, cannot bo ..better Impressed upon smno minds than by stating that after'more than twenty years* observation of tho causes which- produce1 consumption, and a familiarity with thooplnlonsaf.'the best physicians of the day, lom (irmly of the conviction that ino ono'neod liavoouy lear or this disease If ha lungs, aro qnly. nourished on good ulrdurlngovory hour, of Ufa. ,Tho breathing .t a pore air ii few hours each day will not keep off tho terrlblo destroyer,'but :tho lungs must linvo this 'kind ôr 'àlr"asî often as nature requires lt, and this, nt the leasti Issixtocn tilnei crcrv minuto. , . .. . , , . i-.vni-'.iii.<r. lin .» '': A' inosb valuable portion of tbö;boök'is'.tbat wbiou ''treats" of tho necèWsrjryJ'faphrie'ljtjbn between tranquility of '^inind,'liest"^piyVbotly, sleep, and.muscular,aotivityj on.thoiono .hand, and health on tho other. Slitting; ¿sido tho'oafs ".who happen to bo born with ?'a'silve'r'Bp'obti in their mouths, and who,'tis à,'.'g^fjj^'^ridt^ara of ¡little HBO to tho world, .spôiétyijis ,dlyidoa into' two olassos, namely, tiloso who thinkowith their .brains, and those who. labour* withi thou 'hands, and those classes aro jsoparhtod^'from euoh othor by broad and distmct'. 'liiiba'1'. bi demarcation. Dr. Black ;maintuflns,', and.,, wt 'think 'maintains "rightly, that,.thcBo: distincl classes of mon too exclusively .pursuo^theù i'cspootivo avocations. Tho exceasivo action ol ?the brain tends to impair muscular StrohgtL and bodily; health; and tho oxçossiVeJujô^ôrjlïi muscles tends to dwarf ed paralyse cerobra' ('activity and energy. Thinking and working Slight to alternate, and it is only by this meoni bat a sound mind in n sound body'T'can1'. bi i secured for tho majority of tho race. But, ii 'order to plaoo mon in a position to observé th< i moral precepts which puyBiolpgy thus, toachci? iii' would bo nccessai'y to groatlpr ' remode' I sooiety, and more cspcoially would it bo noces; sary to sweep away a mass of prejudice one 1 delusions whioh affect tho minda of men, anc lead them to pur8ue>cotlrflea °* action detri. mental to health. ' 61?e neaM of removiag these prejudices is the pu.Nication of books like that -we have been censiden!13!?» and hence we hope that tho work will haye a Most extensive' I circulation in tho country in whit,'" it has been] 'published, and that a sufficient 2""nber of! copies of it will he speedily imported iCjto thia colony, for it is a work which places a very &rga; ? amount of information before its readers, and . in a very pleasant and attractive style. Tho JOURNAL OF SPECULATIVE SCIENCE published at St. Louis, is the organ of a band of philosophers, many of whom reside in St. Louis, and others elsewhere throughout the United States. In this Journal, all abstract questions are discussed with a vigour of thought and a subtlety of analysis, which are perfectly refreshing to the athletic intellect of tho metaphysician. It is the custom of many to ridicule metaphysical speculation, and to represent it as of no use. And yet it must be obvious to every reasoning mind that the con- nection between the most ordinary physical facts of the world we live in, and abstract inquiries respecting those facts, is very close and persistent. Even the most ordinary fact, when pursued onwards towards its ultimate analysis naturally runs into metaphysical speculation. You meet, say, a person in the street, whom you recognise as your friend. How do you know him to be your friend ? O, you see him, you will reply. "Well, how do you see him ? By means of light, you will exclaim. The physicist will tell us that lines of undula- tions extend from all parts of the body of the person seen, and that these lines, operating on our nervous system through the medium of the eye, produce in our minds tho perception of our friend. "Well, be it so ; but your friend is at the opposite ends of these lines of undula tiona, and the said undulations convey to you no clear and accurate notion of the nature of the centres whence they emanate. Yet you recognise your friend, and know a great deal about his physical and mental and moral qualities, your knowledge of him being of the nature of metaphysical speculation, and, like all such speculation, scarcely admitting, of demonstrative proof. We merely mention this very familiar fact in order to show that the inquiries pertaining to tho domain of abstract thought are intimately connected with tho most common-place phenomena of life and practical science. How little do unthinking minds know about the vast field of inquiry which even the most common-place fact spread out before the mental eye of the speculative philosopher. In truth, thc world is full of metaphysical mysteries, and, if tho generality of men do not perceive them, the reason is that the generality of men are mentally blind, and, therefore, cannot exercise the function of clear vision on such objects. Discussions and inquiries respecting abstract questions occupy the pages of the "Journal of Speculative Science," and as the work is conducted with great ability, it takes a very prominent rank . amongst the best philosophical journals of onr time. It is a credit to American thinking. It often contains papers on aesthetic subjects, on the platonic philosophy, on the philosophy of Hegel, on tho views of Mill, Darwin, Huxley, Herbert Spencer, and other great thinkers of the age, and it deals with these views in a bold, a vigorous, and a masterly style. Those who take on interest in such inquiries, ought to add it to the list of journals which they obtain from Europe, by mail, for it can be readily obtained in London, and also from any of the San Francisco booksellers. ".Another American publication, which con .tains many excellent articles, which' is always readable and very often pre-eminently so, i« Lippincott's. Serial. A few extracts from a recent issue of this magazine, we quote from < the New York Tribune, of the 30th July : last. "Willinm Cooper Howels contributes an . artiolo on " Camp . Meetings in Western America, Fifty Years' Ago, in whioh he says :- ' Tho modern eamp-meotlngs, over which tho mannen of oit» life have oast their conventional shadow, are but faint imita- tion» of the power and great gIo*y ol' thoso druidical "feuts of tabernacles" lu tho "forest primeval." -There was a clam of aborns-tunes muoh In rogue, which were sn shaped that they could be attached to a great number of hymns In sUcua manner as to stretch them to any desired length. The hymn *' Jesus, my all, to heaven isgono,"(longmetre;wosafavorlts one of this kind of manipulation, which utterly destroyed Its meaning. Here Is a specimen of the compound thus effected : Jesus, my all, to heaven ls gone. He whom I fix my hnpesiipon. Go on, go on, ye heaven-born sonls ; Go on, go on, I'm bound to meet yoa there. His trsok I soe, and Til parana The narrow way till him I view. Go on, go on, ye heaven-born souls ; , Goon, goon; ? ' and so forth, till tho long-metre versos, or. tho singers, «er* exhausted, with one ol the wildest .of ,airs. There was another class, consisting of one verse reciting the namesaf , Scripture worthies, after this fashion : Oh where ls good.ol*jJWai*-fcrr^~ Oh where Is good old Noah? -, , Oh where ls good old Koah t i,.'" Safe In tho promisedland. Ha went .up through the flood of waters,;.,:) . _ Ho wcnt.up through tho flood of waters, , He wont up through tho flood of 'waters, " ">r Safe to tho promised land. . .. .>. . "'"' . Thia conld be prolonged by Introducing Moses in th» 'next stanza, responding that ba went upfront the mount of Pisgah; or the Hebrew children, who went up through the fiery fur-" .. noce.' Tboro was no trouble about remembering these sonsa- , But In all emergencies a chorus at hand which could be tacked1 to any hymn of tho right incasum, tho governing Idea being to have somothlng that was very lively or Intensely mournful. Bomo of the songs that were not broken up by these choruses ? 1 wore appropriate, and often beautiful lu their way i and with- - ? these wero used tho moro lively hymns.pr Watts, Wesley^ , Nowton, Toplady, or Cowper, to bo found In the authorised ... Methodist collection. There wera usually good taste and' ' ' judgment exercised In tho selection offnes« for special occa- sions, as well as spirit in tliolr musical-execution. At times '. theoftect was absolutely, thrilling.. At what were called Uroly mcotlngi>,ltho singing was dono with a,kind of abandon, la .?:] willoh the feeling ruled the thought; and as tho enthusiasm increased, the Ideas conveyed by tho words werototolly.lost In tho muslo. Thon the-clioíilses áiid les« cultivated stylo of" songs would toko tho leadi' -if.-: ,. si . : i m i i ... i < ; '."'"' This method ofI operating' on the nervous systems of the devotees,'warrants' the 'ütfer-l,T, enco that Jiaai£jf ''ctfí%li$,$ffé'<#8, p'roduofefl^t,,'.'., thceo meetings wéro^nibre.pf'nniear^^ of a spiritual character. ' .«:->K.w-ft(''>'»rt ? r: Jjovers of what some neall"the fragrant, and.,, others'the detestable wëdd, 'will>be' 'glad'lto;^,, rjupte tho example of Tdnjáta'É¡ij¿ ns '.'aq; ekcua^'U, for their own'devotion tb tobacco.. The author *, i1 of, the " Monthly-; Gossip;"; m.'the"¡'-magazine-. ... underliotrefc: MVÎT-JÛ' '''-!-- '1 .'?.. .". . 1' (tennyson Is a great shtokeri" < nd 'liai nevor, with; T¡2i¡,t praised " Baoohiis's blaflk' semint; m-granno.1' no> with hymned the delight* of .-"sublime.tobacco,'' bat ho-doiriyi* i loves tho woodlur.all that. ;jroefttiid. dweller 1« tho onipy?'-' reantliough hebe, lip. Ihlows iiotUlngof,J<uskm:f,fOora.roB;,,, I tlioso who 'Vpoluto tho "pirro nlr ol morning, with .oigMíu; Vambko." 'lint ho docsnot nn'cct'tlio'inlld Intrans lu »nv ot luj-_ .! yarluU «»rm»; ' Ills Joy 'li lint'pipó ol' geniilnoWklr.latcMa . I oo.; (A brother poet who uponfa' week with Wm at'nia I country seat anys that Funnens, liegallas, and Cabanosve»T*' ; .noohorjn.for.hlm. Ho,peelersa.iilrioi and -or«ll.pip«. J"."' Ithejworld acornnion clny pipo is his choice. ,, Ho in ».v'eHfi<W, ? rjgeucral coriipany. Ever slued an enterprising TotHW; -I , J promiscuous visitors hus bion canine, Hut, tu t||os? wlfjii \'. como properly accredited tia proven a charming, heft. SHua. ».den ls-at tho top bf thu hnnso. ' Thither lid '»pira aft» . .breaVfnstV ancf.ln tin) midst nf «'Sea or book» on_»n«lY». tables, chairs, and floor, tolls away, until ho Is^íaum"T"'.. ' Thèse lionrs of labour aro asubsoluto'ly sacred as--wo» Kita*' : ter'sj no human being, milos* upon on ,errand .ot Iíl,i*í ' death, ls allowed to Intrude upon him thou: but when, nj»,r ; morning's work la UonoJ ho' Ts glad tooee lils friends, mn«» , 1er, them indceil, or niiiioiinccH by a little boll hlaioamnei» w recolvo thom. As S0TO^lMhe3r^ltcrJll^pc?Tt^OT^Rn'<!l,., ." these pipes he has a «rent »torc, mostly proseáis mun hdmlrersund friends. TliovUltmr lins hts oholcei bo lt n.noe kuti, narglloh, mccrifbhauni, or ilhndccii. Tennyson is f«mi llnr wlthall greiles of smoking tmncenT nnd tlio guest rosy sslootat wlllletajcin, Connecticut leaf. Periquciioiio J«» Michigan. KHHHnlck, Highlander, whatnot. .Tho poc'JWJK.' self follows tho good Old plan di' his forefathers from ««Än,,i .downward; ' 'Athis feet I» a box full'of white fclay'VW*-. filling one of those, ho smokes until lt is empty, breaks ll». - twang, and throws tilo fragmenta Into-another box V¡*V"Si .. tor. tbclr acception... Then he. pulls ? another, ? pipe .from W straw or wood enclosure, Alla it, lights it, .and sde»tjp>J¿ljKs«. befbrb. "Ho will not smoko a pipo n second time. M$»Wvll.;; ,w high1 discourses göcsiu^'liitorrxiitjd ndt'soliloih hf the pot">f Hading setsot passages hom thamanutci'lptnotyetaryr °° , tho hour* aro whiled dalluhtfully awoy.inntIL Ít li '-*ta\Jz < ?? iatr*llo»,tilu.ollir«,oridre»aft)r.dliiner., Smoking cosies nf"1*- « Ithf den,ls loft-raroly. If over, before._.-JJiOaa" 