' FORSTERS LIFE OF DICKENS. [Continued from The Times."] ' ' While Charles Dickens was collecting his Sketches by Do for re publication in two volumes he was thinking of other things " The Times of March the 26th, 1836," Mr Forster tells us, gave notice that on the 31st of that month would be published the first shilling number of the Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, edited by Boz " A few days later our columns contained another announcement, that "on the 2nd of April Mr Charles Dickens had married Catherine, the eldest daughter of Mr George Hogarth " While the young couple are away on their honeymoon at the quiet little village of Chart, near Rochester, Mr Forster tells his readers the true story of the origin of Piclwtcl A young publishing house had recently started a " Library of Fiction," and secured the services of the young author in the Old Monthly to write them. The Rugbys at Ramsgate About the same time Mr Seymour, the artist, whose sudden and tragic end is well known, proposed to the same firm, that of Chapman and Hall, to issue a series of Cockney sporting plates with letter press, ho to do the engraving and some good writer to do the text One feature of the scheme was that the work was to appear in monthly parts " Having," says Mr Chapman in a letter written on the 7th of July, 1847, and which has never been published in detail till now-" Having already opened a connection with you for our Libi any of erection, we naturally applied to you to do the Pickwick , but I do not think we ever mentioned our intention to Mr Seymour, and I am quite sure that from the beginning to the and nobody but yourself had any thing to do with it " It was Mr Hall, the junior partner of the firm, who carried him the application to Furnival's Inn, where the young author's chambers then were, and Charles Dickens himself thus speaks of the Linton low -"The idea propounded to me was that the monthly something should be a vehicle for certain plates to be one edited by Mr Seymour, and there was a notion, either on the part of that admirable humourous artist or of my visitor, that a ' Nimrod Club, whose members were to got into all sorts of Cockney difficulties, would be the best means of introducing the plates I objected that I was no great sportsman, and that it would be infinitely better for the plates to arise naturally out of the text, that I should like to take my own way. My views being referred to, I thought of Mr. Pickwick and wrote the first number, from the proof sheets of which Mr So) many made his drawing of the Club and his happy portrait of its founder I connected Mr. Pickwick with a 61 ab because of the original suggestion, and I put in Mr. Winkle expressly for the use of Mr Seymour " With regard to " the immortal Pickwick," we are old enough to remember how scandalized a certain Moses Pickwick, who lived, we believe, at Bath, and horsed an Oxford and many other coaches, used to be at being asked by pleasant undergraduates " if he were the original Pickwick, ' a suggestion which he indignantly repudiated , but it appears that Charles Dickens was in error when he attributed the " happy portrait of his here to the imagination of the artist, " The Leader," says Mr Forster, " will hardly be so startled as I was on coming to those closing lines of Mr Chapman s letter As this letter is to be historical, I may as well claim what little belongs to me in the matter, and that is the figure of Pickwick Seymour's first sketch was of a long thin man The present immortal one he made from my description of a friend of mine at Richmond, a fat old beau, who would wear, in spite of the ladies' protests, drab l tights and black gaiters His name was John Fox tor. Here again Mr. Forster points out the truth of the theory of Charles Dickens, that the world is much smaller than we all think. For he finds his own name, which, he says, "I have been trying all my life to got spelt correctly with very imperfect success," mixed up, with the omission of a single letter, in that of the most famous character of his old friend. Those " shadowy associations" he had with him, he says, "He was married on the anniversary of my birthday, and the original of the figure of Mr. Pickwick bore my name." The two volumes of the Sketches appeared almost simultaneously with the first number of Pickwick, and were much more talked about than the now social now both in design and form. Here his genius was revealed in all its sprightliness. We can discern Mr. Bumble in the Parish Sketches," and Mr. Dawkins, " the Artful Dodger, in the " Old Bailey Scones." These sketches, Mr. Forster wolf cubs, were a picture of everyday London at its host and worst in its humours and enjoyments as well as its sufferings and sins." But the Sketches were soon to be eclipsed by the new serial. It is a matter of painful history that between the first and second numbers of Pickwick, Mr. Seymour, the en- graver, died by his own hand. instead of four illustrations, the second number had only three, and only -18 hours before his death the unhappy artist went with his last Etching, an illustration of " The Strollers Tulo," to Furnival's Inn. On the return tions suggested by Charles Dickens he was at work at a late hour of the night on which he destroyed himself. For a single number Mr. Bubb supplied his place, which in the fourth number was taken by Sir. Hubert Browne, who has ever since, says Mr. Forster, " boon not unworthily associated with the masterpieces of Dickens's genius." It is curious that Thackeray, who at that period of his life believed much more in the power of his pencil than his pen, proposed some drawings to Charles Dickens in illustration of his works, " which, strange to say, he did not find suitable." Those are Thuoko ray's own good-humoured words, Perhaps had they been accepted the world might have had no great writer the loss. Instead of being rivals, Dickens and Thackeray would have been fellow-workers in the same literary ventures. Such speculations may be idle after the event, but of one thing we may be sure the illustrations to the works of Dickens would have been far better for they would have had no smack of that mannerism and that straining after the grotesque which are, in our opinion, so painfully apparent in Mr. Hahlot Browne's etchings. It was necessary) for Mr Forster to be thus precise as to the relations which existed between the artist and the author of Pickwick, in consequence of " some foolish statements made by members of Mr boy mour s family) for on this and other occasions of his life, there were many, both in Europe and America, road) to rob him. of his well won fame, and under such circumstances the wildest notions are circulated and believed On this occasion, form tunately, the evidence is complete and crushing, and from this part) quarrel as to the claims of a man who died when past 21 pages of Pickwick had been published, and whom Charles Dickens never saw but once in his late, we gladly pass on to Pickwick itself, only remarking that illustrations are often an author s course, and that we can imagine no greater torment to a popular writer thus to have his works interpreted on copper or stool, even though the artist be of the very best It was not till the fourth or fifth number of Pickwick that its importance began to be understood by " the trade " By that time Sam Weller had made his appearance The ghost of the Club which had li united the mind of the author had been nearly, if not quite, laid It was seen that the characters were now not only original, but creations Every) one felt that a number of persons belonging to the middle and lower ranks of life had been somehow added to his intimate and familiar acquaintances, and it has been well remarked that few things are more implicitly believed in than the personality of Pickwick and barn Waller, of Mrs Nickleby) and Saucers, of Mark Tapley and Mr Micawber There they all stand, not drawn to the life, but life itself, and as such these and many more at the characters in the works of Dickens have become bound up with the consciousness of all who speak the English tongue As was natural, even before "the trade who are often even more stupid than the Three per Cents the young and enthusiastic of those days were the first and heartiest worshippers of the rising sun of literature While older men of letters, philosophers, an 1 divines were wondering, after all, whether this was not a mere tgntsjatuua, or, at best, a mock sun, the warmth and brilliancy of 11 oz had enlightened many a j youthful and innocent board, It is the privilege of youth that it has no prejudices. It knows how to love, and it has not yet had time to learn to hate. While such men, therefore, as Sydney Smith were doubting, or refused altogether to give in their adhesion to Pickwick, each number as it came out was greedily devoured at the Universities, and the next was expected with eager impatience. Still, in justice to ago, it must be admitted that in a few months all classes caught the Pickwick fever. " Of Part 1 the binder prepared 400 copies, but of Part IS his order was for more than 40,000." Such a sale then seemed fabulous, but by that time all classes were charmed alike with the gaiety and good humour and the keen- ness of observation shown in the book ; Judges, says Mr. Forster, on the bench and boys in the street, gravity and folly, those who were entering life and those who were quitting it, alike found it to be irresistible, " An Archdeacon," wrote Mr. Carlyle to Mr. Forster, " with his own venerable lips repeated to me the other night a strange profane story of a solemn clergyman who had been administering ghostly consolation to a sick person. Having finished, satisfactorily as he thought, and got out of the room, he heard the sick person ejaculate, ' Well, thank God, Greenock will be out in ten days, any way 1 This is dreadful." The Session of 1836 terminated the connection of Dickens with the Gallery of the House of Commons. In the course of it he had found time to write a farce for Mrs. Harley, and the story and songs for an opera composed by his friend Mr. Hullnh.- Those stolen visits of the attorney's clerk to a minor theatre bore better fruit than generally springs from such illicit pleasure. About the same time his acquaintance with Mr. Forster grow and ripened into a friendship which remained unaltered till death. From that friendship Dickens was soon to derive the greatest benefits. But, some one will say, tell us what Charles Dickens was like when young. The answer shall be given in Mr. Forster's own words :-" Very different was his face in those days from that which photography has made familiar to the present generation. A look of youthfulness first attracted you, and then a candour and open- ness of expression which made you sure of the qualities within. The features were very good. He had a capital forehead, a fine nose, with full wide nostril, eyes wonderfully beaming with intellect, and running over with humour and cheerfulness. The head was altogether well formed and symmetrical, and the air and carriage of it extremely spirited." As a young man he still looked like the schoolboy who hold his head well up. to The hair," Mr. Forster goes on, so scant and grizzled in later days, was then of a rich brown and most luxuriant abundance, and the bearded face of his last two decades had hardly a vestige or trace of whisker. But there was something in the face as I first saw it which no time could change and which remained implanted on it unalterably to the last. This was the quickness, keenness, and practical power, the eager, restless, energetic outlook that seemed to tell so little of a student or writer of books and so much of a man of action and business in the world." " It was as if made of steel," said " a most original and delicate observer," the late Mrs. Carlyle. " It has the life and soul in it of fifty human beings," said Leigh Hunt. The two friends, after various ineffectual attempts to become more intimate, were fast friends when Pickwick attained its twelfth number in 1837, on which occasion his publishers gave the young author a dinner. Soon after that celebration came a sorrow from which Charles Dickens, it seems, never entirely recovered. His wife's younger sister Mary, who lived with them, and who, " by the sweetness of her nature even more than by graces of person, had become the ideal of his life, died with terrible suddenness," if we remember rightly, at the theatre. This blow for the time completely bore him down, the publication of Pickwick was interrupted for two months, Dickens moved for change to Hampstead, and there on a visit in May, 1837, the bonds of friendship were firmly rivetted. Soon after Dickens wrote to his friend from Doughty-street, where he then lived, " I look back with unmingled pleasure to every link which each ensuing week had added to the chain of our attachment. It shall go hard, I hope, ere anything but Death impairs the toughness of a bond now so firmly rivetted." " It remained unweakened," adds Mr. Forster, " till death came." There were circumstances, too, which drew them at once into frequent and close communication. " He would have laughed if at this outset of his wonderful fortuna, any one had compared him to the luck- less men of letters of former days, whose common fate was to be sold into a slavery which their later lives were passed in vain endeavours to escape from." Yet he had sold himself into a quasi bondage, and " had to purchase his liberty at a heavy cost." Thus in August, 1830, he had signed an agreement with Sir. Bentley to undertake the editorship of the Mis- cellany called by that publisher's name. It was to appear in January, 1837, and he was to contribute a serial story to its pages, nor was that all. At a little later date he had agreed with the same publisher to write two other tales, the first at a specified early date. Under these agreements he was, in August, 1837, writing Oliver Twist for Bentley and the last half of Pickwick for Chapman and Hall, and " not even a week in advance of the printer with either." While thus engaged something occurred which rendered the advice and assistance of Mr. Forster's cool head invaluable to his over-worked friend. It is self-evident that Mr. Macrono had made a good bargain when he bought the copyright of the Sketches by Boz for £150, but he now proceeded to better it. He resolved to issue a new edition of the Sketches in monthly parts of just the same size and shape as Pickwick. It was bad enough to appear every month before the public, riding two horses at once, but this intention of Mr. Maorono's would have mounted him on a third, and was, in fact, calculated to injure Dickens most materially. in this emergency he got his friend to see Mr. Mac rope and try to dissuade him from his purpose Mr. Forster readily undertook the mission, but he found Mr. Macrono inaccessible to all arguments. The book was his and he meant to do as he chose with his own. When Mr. Forster touched on the subject of repurchasing the copyright, ho, to use his own words, found so wide a mouth was opened, that he " would have no part in the costly process of filling it." But Dickens could not rest till he had recovered the copyright, and the result was that he and his publishers bought back the Sketches for " two thousand pounds." In less than two years Macrono died, and, leaving his family in distress, Dickens exerted himself most generously for the widow and children, Though there was more trouble in the future arising out of his engagement with Mr. Bentley, this arrangement with Macrono brought Dickens for the time the rest he Bought. At this period of his life he was passionately fond of riding, a taste which he had probably acquired in those wild reporting days. Mr. Forster tells us that he was frequently his companion in equestrian expeditions, for which he could ill afford the time. Even when hunted to death by the print of his two publishers, Dickens would write proposing that on that very morning they should start at 11 o'clock on " a fifteen motored out ditto in, and a lunch on the road, with a wind up of a 0 o'clock dinner in Doughty-street. In the last years of his life he was as fond of taking exercise on foot of equal severity, and there always clung to him the same old Bohemian feeling of idleness in the open air. " What a brilliant morning for a country walk !" he would write, without adding another word. Or, "Is it possible that you can't, oughtn't, shouldn't, mustn't, won't be tempted this gorgeous day f" Or, "Istart procisely,mind,at half-past. Come, come, come and walk in the green lanes." But though he walked then, too, he rode most commonly. Thus he would send a note at an hour's notice, " I think Richmond and Twickenham, through the park, out of Knightsbridge, and over Barnes-common would make a beautiful ride" or, "Do you know, I shouldn't object to an early chop at some village inn ;" or, " for knowing whether my head was off or on, it became so riddled with work, I have gone riding the old road, and should be truly delighted to meet or be overtaken by you ;" or, " Where shall it be of where ? Hampstead, Groonwioh, Windsor where ? ? ? .' While the day is bright, not when it has dwindled away to nothing. For who could be of any use whatsomdever such a day as this excepting out of doors f" Or a laconic intimation, " To be heard of at Eel Pie House, Twickenham,'' So he went on in his early days, as keen an enjoyar of life in all its forms as he was as an observer of its humours and follies. But, in spite of this fun and frolic, that arrangement with Bentley still weighed him down, and here again Mr. Forster's advice and mediation stood his friend in good stead. So care- less had he been in this business that he had not at Midsummer, 1837, any copy of his agreement with that published. He did not recollect its terms, and was " afraid that Bentley was to have the second novel which he had undertaken to write on the same low terms as Oliver Twist. He had, Mr. Forster tells us, the uneasy sense" that his labour was enriching others while " it was yielding insufficient for himself." he bitterly repented that he had entered the house of bondage This second novel of which he so speaks was Barnaby Illidge, ultimately published four years later ; but as to the third to which he had committed himself he knew nothing except that it was to begin " within a specified time" Under these circumstances the friends made an ap- peal to Mr. Bentley, and the result, after some misunderstanding, was a compromise in September, 1837 by which the third novel was abandoned altogether, and Barnaby was to be finished by November 1838\. This compromise did not got him out of the wood, and he still had Pickwick, Oliver, and standing all on his hands at the same time ; he was still mounted on three horses, and still overworked. Maharatta Cocoatina breakfast table is complete without this delicious beverage. The Globe says " Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of a Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of prepara-, tiontothis finest of all spoons of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only, by all Grocers. of whom also may he had Taylor Brothers' Original Homeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills Bruges, Belgium, VIM 