CJ)t SfiBne« Jtlowíitg Retain. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1872. THE notice given of the intended departure of M. SJYNTTS will be received by a large circle with much regret. He has resided in this city as the Consul of France for nearly twenty years, and has seen many phases of its government He has had very difficult and delicate duties to perform in connection with its interests. It is the residents of his own nation who «ill best appretiate his worth as the repiesentatite of the commerce of his country, and as the medium of communication with his own Government. Those who hate possessed the adtantagc of his free and friendly communication are aware how courteous his manners, how lhelj his interest in the welfare of the colony, and how decided his stand agninsl am infraction of the laws of hospi talilj which might result from the incaution and rashness of his own countrymen. More than once he ha"> smoothed difficulties which, if they had been animated by angry discus- sion, might have led to unfriendly relations with the Government of France; and moie than once he has saved rockies naval commanders from being involved in very unpleasant consequences. His notions on this point wera expressed on one occasion when a French natal commander threatened a citil officci with humiliating expulsion from n ship ,( There can be no jokes between England and France." We hope that this short sentence will be always remembered by the subjects of both nations. National antipathies, in ' ignorant minds, assume the form of insult which thoy can hardly restrain, and particularly vi here professional ideas hate been offended. It is in this temper that during a long course M. STTKXIS has conducted the affairs of his consulato, and thu«, while he has maintained earnestly and far more effectually than could be possible by any other means the interests of France, he has aleo conciliated the respect and friendship of the Australian people. The private friends of M. SENTIS will reglet the loss of a gentleman pre- eminently (lualified [to estimate the condition and pros- pects of continental nations, and who has often, as with prophetic perspicuity, foreseen coming events. A diligent student of the history of lus own country, and minutely acquainted with all its public men, he knew the tendency of the Fiench mind and the probabilities of the future. Alas, neither he nor any othor man foresaw the min that has befellen his country, and the deploiable misfortunes which haye been its lot. The Government of M. THIERS have ap- | pointed M. Si A TIS to the office of Consul General at Calcutta-an elevation which was not unexpected befoie the fall of the Empire, and which was due to his long and faithful sert ices in various countries. By this nomina- tion he will he raised to a higher grade in the sei tice of the diplomatic department of France, and will take rank as an Admiral of the Fleet with an increase of emolument. The office of Consul-General at Calcutta will bring him into a sphere entirely new. He will there be able to study another population under a different rule,' and to expand the commerce of his country by that liberal system which, in spite of ancient prejudices, Fiance must adopt. Certainly no one' is less likely to obstruct it than pur re- spected French Consul. The acquaintance of M. SINTIS with matteis of interest to the trade of tlds pait of the world has been most minute and accurate. The Consuls of England have long had the reputation of fidelity to theil duties, for giving true' accounts of what they reported, " and of being reliable when the most unpalatable opinions weie transmitted to the Govern, . nient of the day. Thus it was on. the Eastern question their reports were quoted with respect and confidence by the Press of nations inimical to the policy of England. It cannot be said that France is without agents who are equally faithful. The celebrated military letters of their representative in Germany show that truth can be spoken by the servant of a Government, and that it may be spoken iii vain. We have QP doubt that the career of M. SINTI«* in his new position will fully sustain the high reputation he has hitherto obtained. It is oi immense importance to the friendly inteicourse of nations that the confidential agents should foi m a generous appreciation of the people among whom they live; that they should soften down all that is capable of that piocess in theil- communication, both with their own Government and with that to which they j are . accredited-an(l that while acting-with official integrity, they should be sensible of the common, interests of ajl great nations. \V*° ¿now of no person who has fell all this morei strongly as a philosoplueal conviction, or canied it out with more -kindliness in social life, than M. SMÍXIS, When'we have read the consular despatches of 'some 'of our agents we hate had a painful impression thatTïiigland has been represented by-honest blockheads, and that'she has often' escaped conflict" bj providential inteiposition. It was 'recently sniil^ by one of otu eminent statesmen, who lt'joiced in the gencial pacific lelations oi England and tl'C absence of ,iU nVputo -with erny nation in the -world, that nothing was to be dreaded but that some Consul would distuib the quiet of mankind. Some of our readeis will remembei the escapade of the two Fiench- inen on the airhal of a convict ship in this port, though they may not be aware of all tho circurostonces which accompanied that Imasion and recapture, nor of the resolution in consequence oí the Government of France to atoid hereafter complications which set at naught the law of nations, A fool would have blown info a blare that untoward event. It is not peimitted to friendship to de- plore an elevation so well deserved. There is sufficient in the circumstances of Fiance to temper any exultation in the heart of a patriot. We shall be sorry to miss from our public walks a gentleman whose pleasant countenance is so familiar to most of the citizens. Ho has always been warmly inteiested in the prospeiity of the colony. He has been on terms of friendship with the mcmbeis of every part), and he has mingled in social life as one of its most cheerful and agreeable members. There is a period Vihen, to mun}, new associations cannot íeplace those that are passing away ; and b) such M. SENTIS will be. held in long and cherished remem- brance. THERE seems to be an identity-not by any means a strange identity—between the pre- scription of Sir CHARLES STERLING for " GINX'S BABY" and the seven points of the People's Charter announced under the style of the " New Social Movement," and germinally attributed to the lamented Consort of her MAJESTY. The desire is to lift the working classes of England from the ever-depressing sense of hopelessness which keeps them in the dust, and here is the proposal :-" Expatriate a million to reduce the competition that keeps unfortunates on half-rations or sends them to the poor-house ; take all the sick, maimed, old, and incapable poor into workhouses managed by humane men and not by ghouls ; forbid such people to marry and propagate weakness ; legislate for compulsory improve- ments of workmen's dwellings, and, if needful, lend the money to execute it; extend and enforce the health laws; open free libraries and places of rational amusement, with an Imperial bounty, through the country. Instead of spending thousands on dilettanti sycophants at one end of the metropolis, distribute your art 'and amusement to the kingdom at large. The rich have their museums, libraries, and clubs : provide them for the poor. Establish temporary homes for lying-in women : multiply your baths and washhouses till there is no excuse for a dirty person; educate; provide day schools for every proper child, and industrial or reformatory schools for every improper one ; open advanced high schools for the best pupils, and found scholarships to the Universities ; erect other schools for technical training; offer to teach trades and agriculture to all comers for nothing, and the bugbear of trades unionism would soon be neutralised." The cost of the programme would be considerable, it is allowed; but as the end to be attained is the welfare of future generations, it is maintained that they should contribute towards it. " The debt incurred will be a better one to leave to posterity than the incubus of an irrational war." , This "platform," as the Americans would term it, represents tho reactionar) state of a large portion of the upper and middle class mind of England at the present time respecting " GINX'S BABY" wkose state every year is becoming more invidious and full of peril. Reform, free trade, free coin, a free break- fast-table, more bishops, ha^e been tried; but there has been no response from below to these reviving influences. The dangerous classes are moro numerous and dangerous than ever. The elegant, enlightened structure of society is felt to be built over a crater, that will one day explode and scatter the superstructure to smithereens, and the sensations of those who occupy even the palaces of the land on such precarious tenancy are far from pleasant. They are forced to consider popular questions nowadays, for the time is gone by when MABIE ANTOINETTE'S mode of disposing of { them may be adopted, but as yet all the con- sideration bestowed upon them has resulted in little benefit, for what between parties in the State, ' and parties in the Church, each deter- mined upon aggregating power out of the case, the combatants exhaust themselves in con- tending about, " the poor man," who is left houseless and naked, and hungry. The exponent of the " New Social Move- ment," Mr. SCOTT TIUSSELI,, (we picsume the eminent naval engineer,) puts " the seven real grievances of the working man in England" in ,a more succinct fenn. Having considered the . dangers to the country " which lie in the widespread growing poverty and demoralisation of the^ poor ; the growing deterioration of the breed of the English men, women, and children who are being reared in the lanes, alleys, and filth of wealth-growing towns; and the fixed antagonism in the higher class of skilled work- men io the 'wealthy, middle, and mercantile classes of which they arc the tools and vic- tims "-he proceeds to point out what amend- ments are requiied to bring about a healthy and prosperous state of things. The fust want is thai of "family,-Homes, clean, wholesome, 'and decent, out in pure air 'and sunshine." ' The necessity of good wholesome homes for tho working classes has only come to be understood since Aital statistics have been studied, and the amazing proportion of infant mortality > has been discovered. It is found out that virtue will ¿ot blossom amidst filthy and crowded rooms', and that it is of no use for the minister and the schoolmaster to inculcate precepts of morality if the scholars are denied the condi- tions ¡for exercising such _ precepts at home. Physically and morally this is a mattet of the first necessity. But how it can be secured through tUo operation of the State it is diffi- cult to sa}, unless powers are given to municipalities to regulate the building of houses, and also to regulate the poor in the ' occupation of them, for they will often choose to crowd a large family into a small dwelling even when the need does not exist. The second " want " is that of " an organised smpply of wholesome, nutritious, cheap food." Cheap here is used, we suppose, as a compara- tive term, for no sane person.would desire the Government to enter upon the work of pro- viding the working" clasëçs with food below the market price. It may be considered, too, that the working classes have shown them- selves' so well able to act for themselves in this matter that whatever the Government could do would be rather to interfere with the spirit'of self-help, without putting anything 'substantial an place thereof. A study of the recoids of the Co-operative Societies affords the best solution of jthis difficulty. The thud want -ie that of "leisure for the duties and ,, j >» .¡ -,r '- ' iii i .J i ~. i ion calions of family life, for instruction, and for social duties." Most people would | suppose such leisure to be the reward I of industry. The requirement, however, infers, the regulation of the horns of labour by the State. When workpeople have the power of regulating their own hours of work by stipulating for payment by the piece and hot by time, the State can have little to do in the matter, except in the way of preventing parents from abusing their power over their offspiing and depriving them of schooling for the sake of any addition their labour might bring to the family subsistence fund. The fourth want is that of "organised local government to secure the well being" of the inhabitants of villages, towns, counties, a nu cities." This infers an interference with the liberty of the subject which, though denounced most vehemently by the veiy classes for whom it must be exeicised, is veiy nccessaiy. The physical comfort of a people thrown into close neighbourhood demands that the self-seeking of the individual shall be restrained and directed for the common good. The fifth want is that of " the systematic teaching to every skilled workman of the scientific principles end most improved practice of his tiade." The impait ntion of technical instiuction lias already been recognized as a duty by the British Govern- ment, the only difference, we suppose, between the members of the " new movement" and that body being the extent to which the instruction should be carried: They have been aroused to a sense of this duty by the successful rivalry of the better trained foreign workman in many branches of skilled industry ; for a time, therefore, the aim must be to replace the British workman at the top of the scale, and after that to maintain him there. The sixth want is that of " public parks, buildings, and institutions for innocent, instructive and improving recreation," which, although recognized, is as yet sparingly responded to in proportion to the demand. Taxation could be resorted to for no more beneficial or enduring pur- pose. The seventh and final "want" is vague enough to comprehend all the above wants, or to supply anything that may be wanting in them. It is the want of " an adequate organization of the public sert ice for the common good." Perhaps this latter requisite embraoes the want that should hate been assigned a separate place amongst this category, as being I amongst the most immediately im- portant of any-and that is an adequate provision for emigration. The omission leates the impression that this labour charter emanates from a quarter which is somewhat adverse to the exportation" of labour, under the mistaken idea of its being" the richest vein in the country." It is so when there is work to be done ; but not when hundreds of thousands of labourers are kept in poterty and dependence and semi or absolute indolence for nine months of the year, in order to be at hand for tho crush of work that may occur during the three remaining months. Emigration, as now carried on, goes to strengthen the United States, whereas, if carried out as a national undertaking, it would be made the best means of strengthening and developing the colonies of Great Britain. One thing is certain, that nothing will be of much avail which does not acknowledge emigration as an important agent^to clcar4ithe way for im- mediate action. Hie author of this platform illustrates one stage in the life of GINX.'S BAIIY, wheic the patronage of the leaders of the two great political parties is sought for him, for he appeals both to Lords and Commons in the hope of securing the adherence of Peer and Commoner. Liberals and Conservatives, how- ever, alike decline the "honour, and Mr. RUSSEI.L is, therefore, obliged to appeal to GINX to look after his own child. THE ELECTIONS.-Tho writs for the election of momters to represent tho ctlony in the next Parliament Will, wo understand, be issued in tho Government Qaztlle to-day. ' It has transpired that tho nomination for Ea«t Sydney will bo on Monday next, tho 12th instant, and the polling day on Tuesday, the 13th. The nomination for Weet Sydney will tako place on Tuesday, the 13th instant, and the polling on "Wednesday, the 14th. U is currently rumoured that all the elections in tbo oounty of Cumber- land «ill be held before the 20th of tho month. Disïmcr COTJBT.-This Day : Brown v. Connolly, Flanagan v. Jones, Cotton v. Guile, Matthew« v. (smith und wife, Thompson v. Fair, Bill v. Merrelees, Birkett v. Brown, May v. Hoskins, Cox v. Carey, Mahoney v, Gaul, Croker v. Vote, Bennett v. Squires, \ aughaa v. Casey, Humphery v. Muller, ßaino v. Êggben y, 8cht»etto v. Shadier and another, Kann v. Noble, Popo v. M'Glinn, Doyle v. Newell, Power v. Cummings, O'Roegau v. Hurst. Pierce v. Hill, Driver and another v. Watson, Barron ana nnothor v. Cohen, "Whelan v. Reilly, Cotton T. Conlan, Shepherd v. Finnormann, Artlott andanothor v. Kobfaso», Jones v. Martin. GEAMD SERENADE TO THK OFFICERS OF TOE NtHriii;.-Upon the arrival at Molbourno of the first German war vessel seen in Australian, waters, a nain bor of residents of that city claiming descent from " Fathorland " welcomed their fellow-countrymen belonging to the Nymphe in a manner characteristic of their nationality. Arrangements were also made hy a number of the inha- bitants of Sydney to serenado them on their arrival in Port Jackson. Tho German Glos Club Concordia nt once com- menced practising a number of national songs under the conductorship ef Herr Bw-miloh, and n committee undor. topk to cam- out all the details requisite to under tho afluir a success. Tho steamer Goolwa was chartered for the occasion, and yesterday afternoon the decoration committee, consisting of Messrs. Frenchs, Hinsch, Grote, Clouster, Shadlor, Momberg, Lamy, and others speedily transformed her into tho scone of a fete. Ropes of evergreens and garlands of flowers wore hung ljgiit round the awning rail, covering tho stanehions, &c;, and etrotched at intervals athwart ship, on a level ,vith the bridge. Above these, and also encircling the vessel, wore several hundred Chin eso lanterns, interspersed with stand- ards bearing triple lanterns, displaying the German colours, North Germany being represented by rod, yellow, and blaok; South by black, white, and red. 1'ho effect of these alone, when lit up. WOB extromoly fino ; but tho promoters of tho welcome, evidently bent on making a sensation, had also arranged for tho display of an oleotrio light, fitted up by Mr, Kopsch. Thih was decidedly one of the features of the evening, and by its aid perilous of the harbour pud ehippipg, brought within tho iii)s of tho reflector were rthdelcd moro visible than if tliB moon hnet boen shining brightly. Shortly after 8 o'clock, the Goolwa, laden with the sereuaders and friench) to the number of over COO, left the Circular Qu»y-followed by several email steamers, packed willi spectators. Visitors were also convoyed in scores of email boats. On arrii ing ne ni- tho Nympho, tho hingers enng ' Tho Welcome " with considerable cffccti and, in response, thrco ringing oncers carne back from tho crew of iho war sUamor, round which tho Goolwa for tome time continued »learning slowly ia a niirrow circle, while tho Glee Club sung-" Cn Deuchon Vaterland," " Tho Soldier's Choius," " The Rhino Walch," &c.; For a short timo, tho Goolwa lay broadeido to the Nymphe, and Mr. Kopsch took advantage of it to display tho power of tho electric light, by bringing his reflector to play upon tho hull and rigging of the Litter vessel, and then upon the waters of Farm Cove, and showing it covered by hundred of boats, Biiull steamer«, &o.; Rockots wero fired at intervals, and after several songs' were sung by the men-of-war's mon, the Glee Club closed the serenade by singiug the National Anthom, which was also played by n band on board one of the ferry steamers. The Goolwa returned to tho Circular Quay about ip o'clock, every thing having passed off in the most satisfactory manser, and without tho occurrence of a single circumstance that could in any way dotraot from the pleasure or credk of those-who wero present IIB spectators or as participant« iii UfO serenade. THE MEDICAL GAZETTE.-The February num- ber of the above publication contains several interesting articles, and tho field of its contributors in evidently widen- ing Dr. G. Bennett öfters somo interesting observations on tho Rod Gum of Australia ; a ohapter from the works of Arotaios Cappadox, on Dropsy, is translated by Dr. 1'. Campbell; and Dr. Pattison treats cf the load Fish and Fibh Poisoning. Thora Is likewise a large amount of cor 'respondent« on various subject« of intaost not only to the midien! profession, hut,the community generally. Au< gttbiir.l the present is, wo.think, tho best number o£ th, Medical Q witt yet published^ v > ? »/ CAÍ: FAKES AND JI'EM'IA-TIONS.-From co£ rÄSS?,1" -aV0 t«»"vf*.i'*ouW appear thal thoio i Hill bon.c raliapprohcnhicn exi-iing na to tho rn-oner & AT» I,I,f"r-m,!on 'ty' T» B'«? ta yestorday^. lunn-, «na ino finorong questions haye been asked:-!, inIHÄ"""?4 t° clnirgc anything Hdditioual to th» published fares, if moro Ilion ont- passenger occupies his. vehicle at tho «ama timof 2. Whether tuoro is »^rojm! Intion lo prevent a driver, whilst fulfilling nu oUgftwmiVt from driving ni n very »loir pace, or loitering about willi tho view of chirgmg for an citra amount of time ? S. Ythen nhro luggage thau CO lbs. is carried, will thal», that IB charged for tho extra Iuggago frankie for any distance r 4. Does a rç.oci.il engagement-that i.s to nar. if a portón m tho ditly part of the day engagea n vf.hioíá for any tima comweneing from a certain hour Inter ia tho day-entitle tho dm er to extra faro '< After makins inoulricB, wo aro alilo to answer tho questions as follows 1\. The driver of a hackney carriage or cab is bound to tsko, for ona faro, a« many porstns as his vohlclo can coa WfcJenlly accommodato ; but (hero muBt not bt more tuna ob ¡I*-weight oí .'l'^"!?0; a eat,is wado to aieotamoisia . two personé, a haolaô' OJI.^0 »««"(or five roeltbtting tha box scat). The following is tho »J'}T' rolating to tha number of passengers:-" No driver of Rccnsî? hackney entringe Ehall bo compelled to carry moro passongeltl tÍMB, his ran ¡ago can conveniently accommodato, nor shall lui driver of «ny luickncy carriage or cab carry anyone on tita driver's box or step behind the samo when plying or en- gaged v¡ ti houl the const ul oí the hirer." 2. Tho follow- ing by-law answers tho quostion,-" No vohielo shall b* drawn Ihii.ugh «ny part of tho city, or suburbs thereof, af n walking pace (except on Sunday, whou all shall do ao irr passing places ot public worship dtirfng Divino acrvico), nor at a paco faster thim a trot." 3. Tho pnymont of la. wOT frank the oxtra luggago for any distance. -1. A Hpeoial en.» gngeroent of this description does not entitle a driver to charge more than tho published fare, uulcsa tho hirer, at tho limo of engagement, agreoB to pay anything oxtrj. INSURANCE FIRE BitiGAM".-The annual pic- nic of this biigndo took place yesterday There waa'* streng muBter of members of the brigod(\ their wives anil children, making in all nbout 150 persons. -Tho excursio* putty loll tlio firo-station in Bathur.st-stroot shortly before 10 o clock, in teven vehicles, four of which woro l-irge 'buses belonging to tho firm of Woods, Shortland, nnd Co. On the top of ono of tho conveyances was a band of music, -which served to enliven tho journey, while caoh of tho 'buses wa» graced with a pretty silken banner. A alight-drirallng rain fell while (lie party was en route for Bota«)*; but .shortly after it; lind reached Mr. Cori-oy'e garden« on the borders of Botany Bny, the day showed signs of clearing up, and in ICES than two hours afterwards the ana shone out willi such brilliancy as did not fail to rake tho 'drooping epiiits of thoso who woro in painful expectancy of an unfavourable day. A varied assortment of sports wag at- eneo got np under the superintendence of a very officient committee. For Ihe male members of the party there was football, cricket, and quoits; and for tho children of beth sexes and of different ages there wore foot races in selects! divisions, for pretty and appropriate prices; but distributed by tho committee to tho winners with an un- sparing hand, besidos swings, rounders, &o.; Younj pcoplo, as well nu middle-aged mothers anl fathers of tamilie«, found on the ground novor- fniling means for barmlrhs amusement. The woden pavilion was set »sid» for dancing, tho movoments of thoso who took pact therein being rtgulated by tho strains of the band whioh hal accompanied tho excursionists from Sydnoy. A ladles' roo* wasouoof tbo most interesting and boittcomostod pedestrian events of tho day, The winners, who wore all married ladies-tlo| spinsters being woefully behind-wero pre- sented willi usoful and judiciously chosen rowards for their Mtivily. At ono o'clock in tho afternoon twenty-on* rcckets of a largo . calibro woro discharged in aromóte' corner of the ground. This display was intended »9 a. rojal salute. The nnexpootod noise created quita a con- sternation among thoEc inclined to nervousness. At tin early hour in tbo afternoon the '.children were treated to a inbstantial luncheon, in a tent. It is neeiluss to state that the joungsters did full justice to tho good thing» set beforo them. The dinnor oEthe elder folks took pi ice shortly afterwards. The viunds. purveyed by M. Compagnoni wero partaken of by about ono hundred members pf the ciimpnnv, their wives, ' and visitors. The. chair was occupied by Mr.f Claries Bown (tho Superintendent of tho Insurance" Ffc-Q Brigade) : while the vioe chair was taken by Mr. William South. After the tables had been cleared tho chairman proposed " The Queen'and the member* of the Royal Family.' '. The toast was received with the iu>iul loyal honours.-Mr. Bown thou, proposed, the health of.hia Excellency.-" Earl Balqioro, the-Governor of the colony." Ho felt assured that that - gentleman, now that he wits-about to depart, would Uko willi him the good wishes of every one whom ho ad.4rot.ied. (Cheers.) ? The toast Was heartily received, tho band play- ing " The fine old EnglMi Gontloruan." In proposing the third toast,-" The tiny wi> celébrate," the chairman Blin- ded to former festn e occasions like the present, when the members of tho Brigade, thoir wives, and children gathered tojrother, and expressed a hope tbat they might all be spared for roany cue h annual gatherings. All those who hod beca , at lutt year's gathering were now here, with one exception, that of a faithful eervaat. a member of the brigade, who had gone to his rest. - The toast wau received with loud, cheers. Band : Come let us bo happy together. The vies» chairman (Mr. South) in proposing the health of " their worthy and much respected chairman and saperintopdoat, Mr. Charles Bow»," said that Mr. Bown at all urea hod done his duty to tfcose whose property might bave been at stake as well M to the citizens generally, 'i'fvj tOBBt was very warmly cheered. Band: For he's a jolly good ¡fellow. The chairman responded. The aucssMing; toatl, "The Countos» of Belmore und the ladie» of the Colony" was proposed by Mr. E. Sheridan, aad. responded toby Mr. F redland. The chairman proposed, as '' the next toast, '* Our Visitors-and especially the member« of the No. 1 Royal Alfred Volunteer Fire Company." MT, Bows spoke of the feeling of unity which existed between that company and the Insurance Fire Brigade. Ho trmteel that tho relations would, continue to oxist for many year» t» come. The two compinies had always worked veil to» gother on occasions of fires, Ho hoped the time waa not far distant when all the fire companies ia , Sydney would be ftnited. (Cheers.) The toast . was drunk enthusiatticnlly. Mr. JSdwaril - Orana, superintendent of the No. 1 Royal Alfred Fir» Company responded. Ho also trusted that the prosent good fernliege which hod already existed for' a long time between the Insurance Fire Brigade ivud the No. J- Fito Compauy, would continuo to increase. (Cheers.) Mr. Gibson also responded is an old fireman ot Sydney. Ha said that during a long, absence from this city, lie liad, visited many places, ant bud ,oome to the conclusion that the firemen of Sydnoy.J would compare favourably with thbao of any of- these places. - Ho had been, in San Francisco »hero the firemen had all the advantages whieU wero to bo derived front ' a large stock of toicntiflc apparatus ; and had seen them at work, and from what he saw there and elsewhere, he considered that any twelve men taken on an »verago from the Sydney Eire Companies would, for effi- ciency and skill in the performance of their work, whip a similar number of men from any where. (Cheers.) He considered that the number of Fire Companies here wa« ridiculously email (hear, hear); but. that the good they did was very great in proportion to the men. Some of the American oities, like thia in size, would have twenty mea where'hey had one here« and half adunen steam fire-en« ginee for t'htir one. (Chiors.J The " I'ress of New Souti. Wales," "propoBcd by |fr. Bown, brought the list t*> ? close. The company theft adjourned to tho gardens, where sports were resumed anl-kent up with much vigour till about half-past G o'clock, when the 'buses were sought. The station in Bathuret-stroct was reached within on hoar aftcrwatds; three oheers being given for tho Queen beforo separation. Yesterday waa spent so a^roeably by oil, that it deserves to be marked in red letters m the annals of the Insurance" Btigade. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-About a quarter-past 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon a maa named James Thomson, Icdging at 195, Castlereagh-sttcet, bet ween-Market aid King streets, attempted te»commit suicido by discharging a revolver, tho contents of whioh were lodged in'his left side. The attempt was made by Thomson in his bedroom. The sound caused by the dlscliargo of the firearm induced some of those residing in the. house to go to his room, where thoy found him lying on the floor. The alarm was given, I ho police wero communicated with, and constable Knighland put him in a cab, and tookhim to the Infirmary, whero ho was haadod over to tho caro of Dr. Markey, tho house surgeon. On being removed from tho house in Castloroagh-etroot, Thomson wasperfoctly conscious.: and inquired o( a servant what had become of his revolver. He arrived in Sydney from the country but recently, Ile had, been, it is believed, ereplojed asa workman about a station. Ho is a single man, and it is believed has no frlonds in Sydnoy. He is stated to havo shown no symptoms of insanity during the time he had been lodging in Castlereagh-stroot ; oat IA reported to have been melancholy. He doos not appear to have been in embarrasoed clroumstancos, the police having found in his po+session over £50. Ho ¡B not expeotod to recover. The wound has, it is conjectured, entered too lungs. Tho revolver mado use of by Thomson was new. It had apparently been recently purohased, TJIE VOLUNTEERS.-NO. 4 ' BATTERY.-Tha members of this Battery held their annual general meeting on Monday evening, at the Brigade Otlioe. Captain , Cooper, who occupied the chair, commenced by reading « fkeiueotijipastntoment of the number of members wü» had joined'the Battery during the year, and also those who had resigned or been dismissed, as well as *l»e Promotions which had taken place. Ho congratulated the Battery that though numerically smnllor than last year, the number or efficiehta was considerably greater, the avorage attendano» of members boing very good. Tho Battery l^J»« »?* plimeuled for ila efficiency at both tbo last inspeotions, ana atthoABBMiation Garrison Gun Match their firi|«ha4 ¡ been the-most rapid of nil, and not the least on«T*» having won third prize. The carbine, clttb had «j8»»1^ revived, and was now progressing /avouwbly. Theirea ourer. Lieutenant Arnold; then ri^thelUmolal statement, which R-howed a balance in; band after nil «P*»»68 ^f0 paid, but the'eommanding officer impressed upon the. mem Éers tho necessity of being punctual with their «^T lions.' The report having been adopted,- thei eommitteo mr th, ensuing year wssb then elected, and tho raoeUng separated. TUB TREE LIBRARY.-A correspondent coin* mains that the metropolitan journals aro not kept al ina Tub lie L?bra,y, that th'e lavatory is not kept pioperiy sup plied vith water, and thal tito«, is a lack of «tier couve nlcucosvíhich ho cuneares to bo nxibäiwy foi liio vjsw» , to thal institution. ... j,_._ A meeting to nnBilt,M'tVsH ontVlwiding accounts ia connection willi ?h. VtMufoinwnco at tho School of Arts m nid of tha r!m f r t" uHcf of the suircrers ¿y the lato <iro ni tho v .nr i-f V -I'OS Theatre, ;md which has been ndiournrd fr,m h¿ . ¡u'limo on nccoiint of Iho ¡lines» of the honorary i""ts-v . ntl (rentuM, w.is held nf Wangcuhoim's Cafe-, "i|";jSi evening luet, when it was decided io hand ?S treasurer of ífaat inn« tho sum of £29 Ga. Gi, ííiii" th* t"'-'1 nct proceeds of tho entertuinuiont. Mi^'f-'-At NOMINATIONS AND Kr.ECTioxs. A coed ilm'of interest was taken yesterday in Ihomuni dnalaou,mations and elections, tho particulars of which will be io <ud in our advertising columns. DEA', -i BY DKOAVNINC-Between 0 and 10 /Yltx-k li .t night, a man whoso namo is .supposod lo bo VinciEl, K-iis fulling at Walker's Wharf, when a splosh «aslKiiiJi'ndhowas observed struggling in the water. Hi« liodv-iras shortly afterwards recovered by Borne of the ",V»rf"the Alexandra (s). Dr. Hamilton was sent for, lui life v-as found to bo extinct. The body Is now in the ¡fcaJiiou^ -, Circular Quay, awaiting identification. AccinENT.-About dusk yesterday evening, «hile P.-TrWc Flannagan, six years of age, residing with Msuwcnti in Bourko-strcot.-Surry Hills, wus gettiug into "rib li - leg a11110 into . contact with tho wheel of tho vehicle i-trl was Liolten. He was convoyed lo tho InGr mtty, vii.ra ho was admitted. ÖOKios IN HYDE PARK.-Shortly before 7 o'clock vcBtcrday ovening, a young mun, humo unknown, «torhmsclf thiough tho mouth in Hydo Park, oppoailo the liclfn tower of 81. Mary's, with a pistol. Two mon «lio «e¡¡ filling on a scat in tho Pork somo diBtanco oil I,elld n noiso which ihoy at first conjectured bail lu en c.iuFpd by somo one bursting .i paper la» which had previously been filled with wiuil Seeing smoko arieo, they ohanged their opinion, and "went to tho spot from whence it ¡«pprnrcd to Brocee', and íbero saw. tho body of a mau oxtondod on iheetoüiW. willi a pistol in tho right hand rostiog by ' his B.IIU Information having beou .given of the disqo veiv lo Hi police, " constable Walkor was quickly in ' stloadsiico and removed tho man, who was iii a siata of unconsciousness, (ó tho Infirmary, where dentil resulted about twenty minutes piiBt 10 o'clook at richi. The body is thai of a young man botweon twonty ana thulv yonrs of ago. }t in respectably drosBed. Tho fcoots »otu tiv deceased aronpparontly now; Tho body is that of a man about five foot six inches in height, with Jitk\fli;<t-riinndnioustacho. The police, it is bolioyod, have seortoincd that a Gorman onsworiug tho description of tha i«»*i who shot himself purchased a pistol at a gun iinith'» eoino time on Monday. An in([Uost will bo hold in tie course of to-doy. ])AUf.aTEi!s or -TEMPÉRANCE. - DIVISION K0- 27.-i ins division of. daughters (Advance Roso of Australian celebrated its third anniversary on Mondiy evening tot, by a tei meeting in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-otre^t, which was attended l>y over 300 persons. Tho intoriot of the building was Vory_ tastefully decoratod. Aller te« .'is chairman of tho mooting (Mr. R. Switnon, W.r.) re-<d a roport on behalf of tho lady socrotary of the äivisioü, which Bhowed that, on tho 3rd January,_ 1871, lucre wet J 113 members, since whioh -l8 had been iniliated, making « total of 163. There had boon cxpslled for non liiynisnt of clues -I!), for breaking the pledge 1, withdrawn fiom liia ordir 1, withdrawn hy cord 1. Taking this total 6- from the list, 111 finmiolal mombors wore left. The meóme from all sources during tho year 1871 aaiounUd to £165 8s, Id., and the expenditure was £103 9a. lid ? l-aniag a balance in hand of JCGI 8B. 2d. An ex- cellent concert succeeded, which was takonjurt in by Mrs. Stone, Mn>s Quill, Miss Foley, and Messrs'. Phillips, Robin- son, Issare, I'aher, W. Davies, It. Davies, Clark, S. Picey, E. Oofkhv, Goodwin, Croft, Burne, and M.ison, Mr, BUP«!I Jtfea is' nccompanist.' Hui--,'"R UIVER AGRICUI-TURAL AND HORTI (viT.i.M, ASSOCIATION.-A nurung of tho committeo of tliiBABfcciationwas hold at the Northumberland Hotel, lealtrday aíícmoon. Présent-Tho Presidont (Mr, iohn Wyndl.f'ii) iu tho chair, Mesare. W. Scott, R. Jacob, J. Yetti», T. Pearse, T. ' Burnoss, J. Mitchell, D. S. Die»«1'. W. Patterson. C. Bowden, and G. T. Carmichael. Mr, J. Mitchell, on bèhalf of ihe Improvement Com- mittee, iUted that they hod arranged with tho AVbiun Ground Committee risjucting tho position whioh (ha Aeti e.alioli'e Show sheel was to occupy, The position, ha con.-'iK red, was a suitablo ano, near the pavilion already on Iho ground. He laid upon tho table the plan of tho proi'ti«! ' ehed, and read ribo' specifications, from which it spjieiu.-l that'it is suggcjlel to oreel a shod 100 feet loug ina 30 feet wido ; to bo constructed of I ¡tabor fiatoing c.nd weatheiboardoi, with gnlvani/od iron roof, lie building io be lightea by four openings on each sido. secured hy «butters ; large gatos to bo placad at oach end, etpnbk o'f being entirely removed when tho building is in ufe for oib bition purposes. ' The roof to bo surmounted «¡tli a F,Vies of ventilators, constructed of timber and gal vtmirid roa, OG spouting lo bo placed all round tho roof. Tha gtou'iii} plate to he nino inches from tho ground, and tha interior to,'>o filled in lovel with it with .mill ashes, well rammed, no aB to make a firm dry floor. A flagstaff, not les« thi'U twelve feet, to bo erected on the roof at eich end of t'i.j shed. Ho considered the cost of this building would be from £260 to £300 if carried out according to tha upeciilnlvus, hut there were many minor dotails which might t.- uiediOcd, so as to lesfen the expene.fi.-Maitland Utrm; Otu. A W'KALTitY COLONIST OF VICTORIA.-In'a serie« of articles on the successful men of Victoria, the heder introduces Mr. J, F. Clarke, and observes :-" It is imp«,eible to form an exact cstimato of Mr. Clarke's wealth, tilth« must bo worth at lea¿t two millions sterling. His landed pioperty consists of 120,000 aores in Viotoria, «0,000 io Rumania, 76,000 in South Australia, and 46,000 in New 7Tc alaui. Ho has valuable town .properties in Col Ims-Btrcet, Emerald- hill, and East Melbourne. He owns 10,000 shares in the Colonial Bank, and ho bas a large number of shares in other banks, gas and insuranco com- panies, besides largo innis lent ont on mortgage. His .hrother Lewi« died some years ago, and the whola of the vast propsrlyaccumulated by Mr..Clarke will bo inherited by his Ihres feras, "William Clarke, of Bunbury- Thomas Biggs Clarks, of Quorn Hall, Tasmonia; aud'aoscph Clarke, of Norton Mandeville. THE NYMPHE AND IHE GERMANS OF SOUTH AUMKAUA.-Commander "Von Blanc, of tho Gorman man-of-war Nymphe (says tho South Australian Adver User), has written from Melbourne to Mr.Von Treuer, the GeiDjau Cenitil in Adelaide, that ho regrets his inability to visit 8(.ulh Australia, whoro ho knows-a very large number e! Germans are happily Bottled. In his roport to the Imperial Government, however, the» commander says he will uije upon them tho importance of Bonding nt no diatant date another of his Majesty's ships of war to this port, and'anticlpatcs his recommendation will ha carried mlo effect within the current year. Ï'HK .UNEMPLOYED.-A. few days since (says ihfSena-Gazitti) we mat riding towards Jttimarotm active looking joung mun, who informed us, he had ridden from m Bland, over 400miles, looking for work, and could find none. He eaid ho could do anything, from riding a buck -.]JmP"r',,,P'-aying "three up," and ho bit torly complained that, »li.lst « fellows that wero no good" could get work, so happ.ucd that when we mentioned this cate to a gentle man who employs ninny hands, he exclaimed " No work ! Why I wjni a dozen men at this moment ;" and he went on to rd .¡« how diflicult it was te lind men who were will- ing to du tn honest day's work for n fair day's wngos. Wo stupeot oin- peripatetic friend rall the way from the Bhud WBsafa r sample of-tbo cJasa tbut, like the South Carolina ««nil», ¡it. not afraidof work, for thoy will " lie down and go to bleep Ixsido it.", No man that has energy to labour DIIW* dustrious "man need sing the song of "got no mut to do. In this district alone wo' ave assured that at ms proMUt moment fifty honest toilers could find full and steadv employment. It i.- not work that is scares, but workote. _ _ _ ' THE UISE IN COPPER.-The Wallaroo Times Mates thai the proprietors of tbo Moonta and Wallaroo Mmes, aed of the Smelting Works, in consideration of tha ncreased prouts which the price of copper will bring to wem, hava advanced tho rato of their employés wages from "6 to ¿0 nor cent. Tribute« and tutwork men will receive «I\\\i? cqual to 4B- Per week>whio11 Will, it ia supposod make thoa-weekly earnings about 40f.. The owners' ac- count mKi'will receive 3»; per week additional, and boys' tnmsvoivingfromlB. to4s. Ofcoursotho prices of con ?mctB-nilt bo advanced proportíonately. At the Smelting wette, tie captains of furnaces will receive an advance of '?. per coatge, and tho mates 2d. par ohargo ; other lapourors who were affected hv the last reduction being wised pre ¡lortlonatcly. »SHOOTINR-WITH INTENT.--WO {Tamworth J¿<nr.ttc>j havo just beon informed by telegram from »arrabri that Mary Facer, Jumes Delimey, and two boys, nave been committed for trial by tho Narrabri Bonoh, on io nboi i- charge. Tho woman Pacer is the samo who was ituu at ouo of tho Courts hore für an attempt to stab a man Wuied Koache. Delaney only found bail. tn, n^ fcnr LlGnTNiNG.~On Wednesday last, iii ¿ ' e/P" ¿tyrff' rpUtes) intelligence reached Wagga lytelcgr^n from Uron,. that on that day an unfortunato ÏÏ? «j W,?/*& ty .Iß1ltD,inK on «io Cocketgedong en'tÄ^'MVX110 ^l000* (Mr. Armstrong) loft town of ¿ÍSÍ*?? W* h°^ 1Ï ln*lt,.8S,t on ,he body. <.*«"> services w no mea! .trato in tho nj-it^hn,,^^* «iiij i_..... J construction for Ita.«. Watt and Thomps.n, and had j«ttSSSout his \^Xafwas Kihe tct of houbI!neWl»durin« »*to uumiieraifirm, wheii he ,was suddenly struck hy a flash of kSimllC*-.aad-ill8tflntslllC01lÄ'y kilkd, the iron of the hooblD.or.tim, with which hi* hand Was *i£ oontaot havinï o"" c ,âKiùi M a conductor, ana been the immediate caueooi.^bjiatal catastrophe. The body was frightfully, injured, particularly abaut the face and eyes, and from its Lit ClliXlT.-rVOSB.OKNE V., ULTIMO.-A Ulatcll was piajid between tho above .olubs, on Saturday, at 3 tuionv, und ïe»\ûtci jn an' easy vicary for tho former by ii* ,., .1 Jl'ßhe8t scores wore, for "tho Osborns Am o," M'Ä-tl*10 12 ! ior UKimo-Miilig.-m 12, PHLYEMION or üusii I'uti:'..-Mr. W. L. Moitin «rites to tho Melbourno Aumi:- "To prevent butb brea is the ol«ieet of the pimple apparatus I -invmtod four jears ago, and submitted to a rudo but situ fat fwy tii ii at Glengower with ono I irmdo in a day, of galvanized iioD. Ithorlly Kfttrirards offered it to tho squatting m teretr, wilhout expecting fen or roward, but got no re ppoEte. Smco then tens of thousands of pounds havo boon lc--t bj bush Arcs, which I boliovo might limo been pro vi ntcd to a groat extent by tbo use of my invention, which 1 beg to describo. A frame of light anglo-iron, 0 foot long end 3 feet wide, is placed on four light whool«, l8 inches (n di imcler. Keating on the frame at tho hinder patt of it is a fire-giato, almost touching the ground, but conse- quently niado movable on a joint in front, so as to riso over any unevenneBS of tho ground or obstructions on the sur- face, and sink again into its position when tho obstruction has beon got over. From tho firo-grate a shoot of iron like an inverted arch sweeps downwards toward the surface of the fiiound, and thon rises towards a chimney 6 feet high, a ft\t inches dcop, but tbo whole width of tho frame. Un each side of the framo aro hanging movable platea of iron, touching tho ground, made to rifle over Tinevenuess or obstruction?, and in front, between tho two frunt wheels, a movable iren plato is suspended. Thus tho whole offeciivo apf araluB consist» of a fire-grate and a chimnoy, » portion ol the. ground, with its vogetation, forming the under hori vontul wall of this chimney. Tho design is loburu the gists in Btripcs by means of this npp-irafu« when it will not bum otherwito. It may bo worked daring tho daytlmo, beforo the grass is sufliciently dry to burn of itsolf, or during tho night timo, after it has become dry enough to bum. Tbo vholo operation consists in lighting a small firo in the gioto, when, from the great draught up tho chimney, the Hame sweeps along tho surface of tho ground und entirely consumes the grass, the apparatus Being drawn along on its wheels by a horse or by two mon. As the fire cannot eprend to tho right or loft, or towards the howe, it is completely under control. The apparatus, of which I have constructed a rough model, on the seile of one inch to a foot, may bo mado of any length and width, but ceo Bay from 3 foot to 6 feet wide, and double the length, will probnblv bo found most convenient. If mudo according to the scale of tho model, 3 fcot wido, by G foot long, it will bo so light thnt one man could pull it along. A Btripe 8 feet wide, however, will not be a sufficiently safe width to depend on ; but such stripes may be made doubly wide by burning n parallel lino, cither close to tho first, or a belt of grass may bo loft between them to be burned off on n cilm day. Bel.eving that this vory simple apparatus, which need not cost more than about £3, would ontiroly proventtbc burning of whole districts and ontiroruns, and the IOE.V of thousands of pounds annually to indlvidaals direotly', and to tho whole community indirectly, I frooly make it known through your columns to all the Australian colonies. Remembering past experiences, all I wish to add is, that the invention is my own." THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.-On Thursday, January 25, tho South Australian Assembly spent half an hour in debating the position of tho Overland Telegraph. "There were'(says the Register) few oxpreBsions of regrot that euch a work should have been undertaken, but there were loud lamentations over the muddle into which opera- tions at the northern ond have been brought, and freauont references to the impolicy of entering upon tho construction of the line wilhout first obtaining tho oo-oporation of the other colonies. Tbo discussion was ovidently only a pre- lude to wbot is to come, for members, although they have hitherto said little, havo thought much over the arrange- ments for repairing tho misohiof caused by the miscarriage of Mesáis. Derwent and Dalwood'» contract, and they have como to the conclusion that the time for explanations has armod. A few portinent inquiries wore put on Thursday, but the information elicited sorved only to sharpen the appetite for more, and it is under- stood that on Tuesdav next a fully battery of questions will ,bo opened upon tho present and lato Minister», unless they eee fit lo forestall the attack by volunteering a par- ticular account of all the matters Upon which the ouriosity of the House has been roused. ConBidoring the nature of tho emergency to be met,' and tho necessity for the utmost promptitude in meeting it, it .would b" ungenerous to scrulmiso too narrowly every itetn of expenditure incurrod, but there aro some points which sadly require elucidation. Especially is it necessary that every oircurastanco con- nected with the abandonment of the Roper as tho malu ba-o of operations for Mr. Patterson's expedition should be stated." A CÎHOST.-A Victorian country paper relates a ghost Mury. On the night of the 8th January, " about 9 o'cloik,'.is the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Hillhaven, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel. Air. Bayley eaw a gaunt female figure, dressed in (lowing white robe«, use out of tho ground and extend hor arms light in front of the liorso. The animal becimo frightened and bolted right through the figuro. Miss Hughes exclaimed, 'De-ir me, what was that'r' Mr. Bayley endeavoured to pull the horse up; but on he dashed, nor "could he bo induced to stop till ho reaohed the gate at Millhaven," SIR i CHAULES DILKE AND THE COST or ROYALTY.-Mr. W, T, Manning, of her Mojosty's Household, has sent tho following letter to Sir Charles Dilke :-" frir,-I observo that notice has been given of your intention to address a publio meeting at Leads on the subject of your late speech nt Newcastle, ' The Cost of Royalty.' 1 therefore bog to draw your attention to a grave error which you will no doubt bo most anxious to correct at the earliest opportunity. You are' re- ported to have said, ' it is worth remembering that tho Rojal Family aro the only persons in the kingdom who pay no taxes; and even those annuities whioh we have latoly granted are expressly freed from all taxes, assessments, ana charges. It is strange, with regard to the Queen's income;'that this should be the case, seeing that Sir Robert Feel stated to the House of Commons, when about to introduce the Income-tax Bill in 1842, that her Majesty, prompted by those feelings of deep and affectionate interest in tho welfare of her people which she bad manifested, stated to him that if Parliament should subject all incomes to a certain charge, it was her deter minat-'ou. that her own income should be subject to a similar burden, I have reason to believe that promi-o has never been fulfilled,' An inquiry m the proper quarter would have satisfied you that there waa no founoation for your statement. I havo better 'reaBon to behove' that the premise to which you have referred has boen faithfully kept to the present timo. I mutt also point out that your remarks on some of the offices existing In the Royal household were made under mis- apprehension, Should Parliament think fit to establish tpe principle that the residence of the Sovereign shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courtB of law, the necessity for the existenco of Eomo of the offices in question (one of which I hold) will cease, but until then the Crown mtwt necessarily appoint to theso odíeos, It is obvious that no notice of these ot lacks on the person and privileges of the Sovereign con be taken by tho august lady against whom they ore directed, if phe were even aware of them; and I would Venturo to point out that the most proper place for their iliecus-,ion is in tho House of Commons, where you would find mombers oqually competent with yourself to give a fitting rejoinder, and not in the Democratic arena which you have thought proper to select in your peripatetio Republican progress. / Tho lovo of fair play is tho charac- teristic of Englishmen, and I am sorry to be obliged to say that you have deviated from that principle in a remark- able degree, and have been guilty of a gross breach of decorum, intensified by tho fact that the lady against whom your attack was directed is tho highest personage in the land, left without her natural protector, the late lamented Prince Conaort. I should not have ventured to intrudOjmyBelf into this controversy had any contradiction of your statement appeared in the public Journals." - In reDly, Sir Charles Dilke cited as hie authority a tract pub- lished in 1055 by the Financial Reform Assooiatton, to which Mr. Monning rejoined, " Therecan beno doubt that tho Financial Reform Association and Mr. Robertson Gladstone wcie in enor io stating that her Majesty did not pay incomo-tax. Tho tax has been paid from tho dato ef Us first imposition to tho present time." CHARITABLE LEGACIE-S FROM UNCHARITABLE MOTH Es.-Among the many questionable acts too fre- quently committed by charitable people (observes the Pall Mall Gazette), that of leaving largo logacie» to publio in- stitutions is perhaps the most open to objection. Of conreo if a dying person bos no relativo, friend, or dependent with any cli>ims upon him, and is perfoctly confident that the institution to which lie loaves his property is in every respect well managed and worthy of tho bequest, ho may do worse than let it havo the benefit, of his money after ho is gone ; bat there is reaeon to fear that in niño caeos out of ten charity of thisi description arises from uncharitable motive-, A. dnngliter bas married a poor ourate, or a son has boen deficient in attention, and straightway ht-or she is eut off with a shilling, and the dying father" compounds for his malice by leaving his property to the 8ociety for tho con- versón of the Thugs, or soma other association of a kindred nature, and thus having "hedged" his book, departs ibis hfo quite contented and .' highly respected" by all « boto good opinion ÍB considered worth having. Yet it is doubtful whether it is oven good policy on the pari of charitable and religious institu- tions to allow themselves to be mado mediums for revengo. A correspondent of tho Parochial Critic, who it Eetms is a poor man at Exetor, writes to that paper com ploining that his aunt has roccutly bequeathed £65 to the blind of that town, while her own blind nephew, tho writer's brother, was allowed to die in St. Pancros-work houEB, It is unlikely that any complaint, however well feiunded, will reach tho decoasod lady, even through the colnmils of tho Critic, but1 the case as stated merits the consideration of other ladies mid gentlemen, who, from unworthy motives, may propose to leave their monoy to public institutions, and by mingling their charity with their malevolence may punish the ratepayers in attempting^ to injure their relations. ANIMAL POISONING.-We 0arcoar Chronicle)) hear from Cowra that a bullock died -suddenly,' and that *i portion of the flesh waa eaton bydbgs,ralIof whom.died, soon: after. ; One of the men who skinned ths boast, having a"> small wound on the forehead, happened to touch the spot wifhhis hand, became infected with tho poison, and has dud in consequence FATAL CART ACCIDENT.-Tho Tipper Ihm ier, Courier reports that a moBt deplorablo acoidoat occurred on Saturday, 27th ultimo. A hawker, with his wifo and children was timing down in his cart; tho wifo at her earnest eniretty was allowed to get out and walk. Titi rnrt had not proceded twenty yards further whoi thi horsop.uEgca, and the man WHS throw« out ana Ml ed. oa the spot, i 