Saint AJbe and Ms Seven Wives : A Tale of Salt Lake City. The publisher of this remarkable little poem has kindly sent me a copy of it, but I cannot coax him into telling me who is the author of it. Some suspect James Russell Lowell, others Bret Harte : all kinds of wild guesses wander here and there. I may give my own for just what it is worth. My notion is, that the author is 'not an American, but a Britisher. Local colour is introduced most adroitly, most artisti cally, but — of course, I may be utterly wrong — I fancy that the palette it is taken from is not personal experience, but the reading of a vividly imagina tive student of things in general. American col loquialisms are introduced #with ludicrously droll effect, but still the eeneral tastes of the humour is English, not Yankee. It is plain that the writer is no 'prentice-hand at rhyme-6tringing. Accordingly I have formed a theory that, having won fame in other fields, he wanted to fling up his heels in a new one without any risk to that fame, and without its over shadow to prevent his new venture from being judged on its own merits. Hence this little book: to be fathered or not hereafter, according to circumstances. That is my hypothetical genesis of ' St. Abe.' 'Whoever the author may be, the book is a rollick-, ingly humorous, musically picturesque, original book ; perhaps here and there just a leetle broad in its humour, but thorougnly enjoyable. It is precisely the kind of book I should have liked to get hold of when I was up in the Bush in Australia. Therefore, in order to call your readers' attention to it, I am going to give an abstract of it, with copious extracts and a running comment. The dedication 'To Old Dan Chaucer' is dated from ' Newport.' Now there are several Newports on both sides of the Atlantic, but this particular one, I suspect, is about as real a place as Weissnichtwo. The modern poet complains to the Father of English Poesy that — ' Maypole dance and Whitsun ale, Sports of peasants in the dale, Harvest mirth and junketting, Fireside play and kiss- in-ring, Ancient fun and wit and case — Gone are one and all of these : All the pleasant pastime planned In the green old Mother-land : Gone are are these, and gone the time Of the breezy English rhyme, Bang to make men glad aad wise By great Bards with twinkling eyes : Gone the talc and gone the song Sound as nut-brown ale and strong, Freshening the sultry sense Out of idle impotence, Sowing features, dull or bright, With deep dimples of delight.' ?' Harvest mirth and junketting,' by the way, have recently been revived in England, purified from their old coarseness, but pureilised or puellised by Pusey istic prettinesses ; there is plenty of .' fireside play ' still to be found in the old Mother-land (I know how I get pulled about atBlindman's Buff, and rolled over on the floor at Hunt-the-Slipper, by my youngsters) ; and Kiss-in-the-Ring may be seen flourishing vigor ously on any spring or summer holiday by any one ^who will take the trouble to visit Hampstead Heath, ^Greenwich Park, or the Crystal Palace Grounds. These trifling slips, however, need not detain us. The poet goes on : — ' Thro' the mother land I went, Seeking these, half indolent : Up sad down, I saw them not ; ' Only found them, half -forgot, Buried in long-darkened nooks With thy barrels of old books, WTiere the light and love and mirth Of the morning days of earth Sleeps, like light of sunken suns Brooding deep in cobwebb'd tuns. Everywhere 1 found instead, Hanging her dejected head, Barbing shafts ef bitter wit, The pale Modern Spirit sit— While her shadow, great as Gog'e, Cast upen the island fogs. In the midst of all things dim Loomed, gigantically grim. . ? Honest Chaucer, thee I greet f In a verse with blithesome feet, ' ' ? And tho' modern bards may stare Crack a passing joke with Care ; Take a merry song and true, Fraught with inner meaning too. Goodman Dull may cloak and scowl : Leave him hooting to the owl ! Tight-laced Prudery may turn Angry back with eyes that burn, Reading on from, page to page Scrofulous novels of the age ! Fools may frown and-humbugs rail, Not for them I tell the tale ; Not for them, but each as thee, Wise old English Jollity I' . After this pleasant little preliminary canter in Grongar-Eill metre, the poem proper opens. A stranger is approaching Utah. Just as a lone ranche comes in sight, Joe Wilson, the boss who is driving the waggon, shrieks ?? Grrr I ' and laeb.es on bis horses , ?? As if the devil were at his back Along the wild and stony track.' 'When he has drawn rein a mile on the other side of the farm-house, now ' hidden by the mountain arm,' he thus explains bis conduct to his passenger : — ' I guess you jtliiak I'm mad, or vicious, or in drink; But theer you're wrong. I never pass The ranche dewn theer and bit of grass, I never pass 'em, night or d&v;, But the fit takes me jest that war ! Tke bosses know as well as me What's coming, miics afore we see The dern'd old corner of a place, And they git ready for the race 1 * ? * * * There was a time, and no mistake, When that same ranche down in the brake Was pleasanter a heap to me Than any eight on land or sea. The bosses know it like their master, Bmelt it miles orf, and spank'd the faster. And down I'd jump, and all the go * ?Was * Fortune, boss !' and ' Welcome, Joe V And Cissy with her shining face, Tho' she -was missus of the place, Stood larfing, hands upon her hips ; And -when upon her rosy lips I put my mouth and gave her one. She'd cuff me, and enjoy the fun J She was a widow, young aad tight, Her chap had died in a tree fight, And here she lived and round her had Two chicks, three brothers, and her dad, AH making money fast as hay, And doing better every day. Waal I guess tho' I was peart and swift, Spooning was never much my gift; Sut Cissy was a gal so sweet, So fresh, so spicy, and so neat, It pat your wits all out o' place Only to star* into her face ; &ti;& -whiter than a new-hud egg, lips full of juice, and seen a leg. A smell about her, morn asd e'en, Like fresh-bleach' d linen on a green ; And from her hand when she took mine, The warmth ran up like sherry wine ; And if in liquor I made free To pull her larfing on my knee, 'Whv, there'd she bit. and feel so nice, Ber* seer all scent, her breath, all spice t See ! women hate, both young and old, A chap that's ever shy and cold. And fire of all sorts kitches quick, And Cissy seem'd to feel foil slick t Ttp same fond feelings, and at last Grew kisder every time I passed ; And all her face, from eyes to chin, Said, 'Bravo, Joe! you're safe to win!' And tho' we didn't fix, d'ye see. Is downright words that it should be, Oiss and her fam'ly understood That she and me would jine for good.' But whilst Joe was away, there came by a Mormon Apostle, who was hospitably entertained for three days at the young widow's, and only shook his head when he heard that it was the family plaa that she should take Joe for her second man. ' But you may bet he'd no intent,' exclaimed indignant Joe, 11 To let things go as they had went. Three nights he stayed, and every night He squeezed her hand a bit more tight; And every night he didn't miss To give a loving kiss to Ciss ; And tho' his fust was on her brow, r He ended with her month, somehow. O, bat he was a knowing one The Apostle Hiram EQgginson ! Grey as a badger's was his heer, * Bis age was orer sixty year ; (Her grandfather was little older), So short, his head just touch'd her shoulder; His face all grease, his voice all pnff, His eyes two currants stuck in duff ;— Call that a man ?— then look at me I Thretty year old, and six-foot-three, Afear'd o' nothing morn nor night. The man don't walk I wouldn't fight ! Women 16 women ! That's their style Talk reason to them end they'll bile ; ' But baste 'em soft as any pigeon With lies and rubbish and religeon ; Don't talk of flesh and blood and feeling, But Holy Ghost and blessed healing ; Don't name things in too plain a way, Look a heap warmer than yo« say, Make 'em believe they're serving true The Holy Spirit, and not yon, Prove all the world but you's damnation, And call your kisses jest salvation ; Do this, and press 'cm on the sly, You're safe to win 'em. Jest you try.' Joe calls and cannot understand Cissy — she is so cool and queer ; out he bids her good-bye thus, ' I must be off, for I'm behind ; But next time that I pass this way We'll fix ourselves without delay. 1 know what your complaint is, Ciss, I've sees the same in many a miss ; Keep up your spirits, that's your plan, You're. lonely here without a man, And you shall have as good a one Ae e'er drew boss beneath the sun ! ' Joe finds, however, that he was ' green as grass ' in leaving Ciss unguarded. He drives back to the ranche with a shawl and two fine frocks as presents for her, but can see nothing of her. Wandering about the place he comes upon her in the orchard with the Book of Mormon on her knee, \-- . ? which he That dcrn'd Apostle at her feet, With her low milking stool for seat, Was reading out all clear and pat, Keeping the places with finger fat; Creeping more close to book and letter To feel the warmth of his text better. * * ? * And then he gev a long fat kiss On her warm hand, and edged his stool Still closer.' ' Could a man keep cool,' cried Joe, 'And see it ? Trembling through and through, 1 walked right up to that theer two. And caught the dern'd old lump of duff Jest by the breeches and the scruff, And chnck'd him off, and with one kick Sent his stool arter him right slick While Cissy gcream'd, with frightened faoe, ' Spare him ! O spare that man of Grace !' ' Joe further kicks the Book of Mormon into the well, has a scene with Cissy, and then goes to her menfolk to ask for an explanation. They answer : — ' She's a bit dull at home, d'ye see, Allays liked heaps of company, And now the foolish critter paints A life of laiks amongst the Saints. We've done our best, don't her a doubt, To keep the old Apostle out: We're trained the dogs to seize and bite him, We've got up ghosts at night to fright him, Doctor*d his hoBB and so upBet him, Put tickle-grass in bed to fret him, Jalap'd his beer and snuffed his tea too, Cospewder in his pipe put free too ; A dozen timeB -we've well-nigh kill'd him, We've skeer'd him, Bhak'd him, and spill'd him ; In fact, done all we deer, said Jim, Against a powerful man like him.' The end of it is that the Apostle beats and Joe w * bowled. ' ? One fine morning off they druv To what he called the Abode of Love— A dern'd old place, it seems to me, Jest like a dove-bex on a tree, Where every lonesome woman-soul Sits shivering in her own hole. And on the outside, free to choose, The old cock-pigeon struts and coos. I've heard from many a one that Cis6 Has found her blunder out by this, . And she'd prefer for company A brisk young chap, tho' poor, like me, Than the sixth part of him she's won— The holy Hiram Higg-inson.' Joe has seen her, too— a mere ghoBt of her old self — ' Dabby and crushed and sad and flabby, Sucking a wretched squeaking babby, Reckon her luck has bees a stinger 1 She'd bolt if I held np my finger ; But tho' Fin rough, .and wild, aad free, Take a Saint's leavings— no, not me 1 ' Growling at the Mormons as a set of vampires — ' There ain't a woman they dap eyes on - Their teeth don't tench, their touch don't pison, That's their denied -way in this yer spot— Grr ! git along, hoSB ! dern you, trot 1 ' Joe drives through a landscape thus exquisitely described :— « From pool to pool the wild beck sped 'Beside us, dwindled to a thread ; 'With mellow verdure fringed around, It sang along with summer sounds; Here gliding into a green glade ; Here darting from a nest of shade, With sudden sparkle and quick cry, As glad again to meet the sky ; Here whirling off -with eager will, And quickening tread to turn a null; Then stealing from the busy place ?With duskier depths and wearier pace. In the blue void above the beck Sailed with us, dwindled to a speck, The hen-hawk ; and from pools below The blue- wing'd heron oft rose slow, And upward pass'd with measured beat Of wing to seek some new retreat, Bine was the heaven and darkly bright, Suffused with ihe ebbing golden light, And in the burning Indian ray A millien insects hummed at play. Soon, by the margin of the stream, We passed a driver with bis team, Bound for the city; then a hound Afar off made a dreamy sound; And suddenly the sultry track Left the green canyon at our back, And sweeping round a curve, behold ! We came into the yellow gold Of perfect sunlight on the plain.' Here ' — - Jos, abruptly drawing rein, Raid quick and sharp, Bbading bis eyes 'With sunburnt hand, 'See, theer it lies, Theer's Sodom?' The description the poet gives us of the architectural appearance of the City of the Saints is rather too much in the high-falutin, Hepworth-Dixonian style. According to more sober and trustworthy authorities, Salt Lake City is no magical marvel that has risen like an exhalation. The nesh-and-blood (very fleshy flesh) pictures are more to my taste. In the city the stranger gets into conversation with Bishop Fete and Bishop Joss. Says Bishop Fete in reference to poly gamy:— 'Stranger, I'm with you there, indeed ;— it'sjbeen the best o' nuBses; Polygamy is to our creed what meatand drink tow* is. Destroy that notion any day, and all the rest is brittle, And Monnondom dies clean away like one in want of Tittle. It's meat and drink, it's life, it's power! to heaven it's breath doth win us! It -warHkB our vitals every hour ! it's Holy Ghost within us 1 Jest lay that notion on the shelf, and all life's springs are frozen— I've half-a-dozen wives myself, and wish I had a dozen 1' Hie two Bishops discuss a ' mean con,' Brother Abraham Clewson, with a great gift for ' sealing,1* but one in whom ' The Holy Spirit couldn't thrive because the flesh was sickly.'* He does not keep his wives properly under. He has seven of them, and stands in dread of six ; giving his love on the sly to the seventh, who is the youngest and prettiest, as well as the newest. Bishop Joss despises those who have to build fiepa* rate houses for their wives to keep them from quar relling : — ' No, no, I don't approve at all of humouring my women,' And building lots of houses small for each one to grow grim in.' I teach them jealousy's a sin, and solitude's just bearish, They nuss each other lying-in, each other's babes they cherish ; It is a family jubilee, and not a selfish pleasure, Whenever one presents to me another infant treasure. * * * « * * —-If you want a saint to see, who rule's lambs when he's got 'em, Jostcock your weather-eye at me, or Brother Shamebothain; We don't go croaking east and west, afraid of women's faces, We bless and we air truly blest in our domestic places ; We air religious, holy men, happy our folds to gather, Each is a loyal citizen, also a husband— rather.' Sister Anne, the pet wife, loved in secret by he* hen-pecked lord, Saint Abe, has not a happy time it :— ' Already the household worm has begun To feed on the cheeks of the little one ; Already her spirit, fever-fraught, Droops to the weight of its own thought ; Already she saddens and sinks andsighs, Watched by the jealous dragonish eyes. Even Amelia, sleepy and wan, Sharpens her orbs as she looks at Anne ; While sister Tabby, when she can spare ' Her gaze from the Saint in his easy-chair, Fixes her with a Gorgojs glare, ? The atmosphere Is charged with thunder and lightning here. ****** ? The Saint has led me to the door And I find myself in a daydream dim, Just aftershaking hands with him, Standing and watching him sad and slow Into the dainty dwelling go. With a heavy sigh, and his- hand to his head: . . . Hark, distant thunder \— 'tis as I said: The air was far too close ; at length The Storm is breaking in all its strength.' The section of the poem entitled ' Promenade— 5 Main-street, Utah,' is lull of fun. Here are a few specimens : — ? ' Voices. 'Come along, we're late I reckon... There's our Matt, I see him beckon,.. How d'ye do, marm ? glad to meet you... Silence, Hiram, or I'll beat you... Emm, there's brother Jones a-looking... Here's warm weather, how I'm cooking ! A Bishop. Tbet's a smart hosB you're riding, brother t How are things looking, down with you I Second Bishop. Not over bright with one nor t'other, Taters are had, tomatoes blue. You've heer'dof Brother Simpson's losses— Buried his wife and spiled his hay. And the three best of Hornby's hosses Some Injin cuss has stol'n away. Voices. Zoe, jest fix up my gown... There's my hair a-coming down... Drat the babby, he's so crusty — Jt'e the heat as makes him thuety... Come along, I'm almost sinking... There's a stranger, and he's winking. A Girl. Phoebe! AUOTHEH. Yes, Grace! Fibst Girl. Don't seem to notice, dear, That Yankee from the camp again is here, Making such eyes, and following on the sly, And coughing now and then to snow he's nigh. Second Gihl. Who's that along with him— the little scamp Shaking his hair and nodding 'with a smile 1 First Gibx. Guess he's some new one just come down^to camp. Second Girl. Isn't he handsome 1 FrasT Gtsl. No; the first's my style.' Within the Sanctuary the Prophet preaches, whilst the women whisper gossip. FaOFHET. '* * * * ? ? All still blesses the holy life Here in the land of milk and honey. Fbhixixe Whibfees. Brother Shuttleworth's 17th wife ; Her with the heer brushed up so fanny 1 P. * * ? ? * * At last we halted os yonder height. Just as the sun in the west was blinking. F. W. Isn't Jedge Hawkin's last a fright ? I'm sattin that Brother Abe's been drinking t P. Pioneers of the blest, I cried, Dig, and the Lord will bless each spadeful. Brighsm's sealed to another bride... How worn he's gittin' I he's agoing dreadful. P. Work was the word when we began, Work is the word now we have plenty. F. W. Heerd about sister Euphemia's son... Sealing already, though only twenty. P. * » » ? * ? 0 blessed sight beyond compare, When life with its halo of light is rounded, To see a Saint with reverend hair Sitting, like Solomon, love- surrounded, ' One at his feet and one on his knee, Others around him, bine- eyed and dreamy I F. W. All very well, but as for i»e, My man had better !— I'd jrison him, Pheemy.' Whilst the Prophet and his Elders sit in council, & thunderbolt falls upon them. Brother Abe has not relished the thought of going on sitting ' ? in the light of perfect grace With a dozes cradles going together.' As Washington Irving stole his own apples, so Sain* Abraham has run away with his own wife, of COWSC* young Sister Anne. In a metre that reminds one of Thackeray's 'White Squall,' the elopement and its effect are chronicled « ' And the lesser lights all holy, Bound the Prophet turning slowly, liaised their reverend heads and body, Thinking ' To the Prophet, glory ! Hallelujah, veneration, Beckon that he licks creation! ' Suddenly as they sat gleaming, On them came an unbeseeming Huranr, tumult, and conunotioB, Like the breaking of the ocean ; And before a word was utterM, In rnsh'd one with voice that flattered, Arms uplifted, face the colour Of a bran-new Yankee dollar, like a man whose wits are addled. Crying ' Srother Aie's sked-iddltd t ' Sadden in the room there entered Shapes on whom all eyes were centred— Six sad female figures moaning, Trembling, weeping, and intoning. ? We are widows, broken- hearted— Abraham Clewson has departed I ' While the Saints again upleaping Joined their voices to the 'weeping. For a moment the great Prophet Trembled, and look'd dark as TopbeU But the cloud passed over lightly— ' Cease,' he cried, but sniffled slightly, ?Cease this murmur and be quiet Dead men -won't awake with riot. »Tis indeed a loss stupendous— When wfll heaven his equal send ijb t Speak, then, of our brother ehensh'd* Was it fit* by which he perished ^* At the Prophets question seowUnff, All the wives stood moaning, howling, Crying wildly in a fever, ' O the villain I the deceiver !' Sut the eldest, stepping boldly, Curtseying to the Session coldly, Cried in voice like cracking thunder, ' Prophet, don't you make a blander ! Abraham Clewson isn't dying — Hasn't died, as yonr're implying. No, he's not the man, my brothers, To die decently like others ! Worse ! he's from your cause revo'ted— Run away ! skedaddled! bolted ! ' ' When Abe's valedictory letter is put into his hands the Prophet's exclaims — *? With his own seal'd wife eloping— It's a case of craze past hoping ! List, O Saints, each in his station, To the idiot's explanation 2 ' Abe's letter is then read. It is a very humorous production : the purport of it being that he was not good and great enough to continue a Mormon, but was compelled by his wickedness and weakness to become a contemptible Gentile monogamist. Long afterwards the Stranger comes upon Abe living in peaceful happiness with his Anne and her two little ones in a New England homestead. ' Fair and fat stood the abode On the path by which I rode, And a mighty orchard, Btrown Still with apple leaves windblown, Raised its branches gnarl'd and bare Black against the sunset air, And with greensward deep and dim Wander'd to the river's brim.' The Stranger and Abe get into conversation about his former wives, as they take their smoke and grog at night, whilst every one else in the house is in bed and asleep : — ' Well (here Abe smiled quietly) Guess they didn't groan for me ! Fanny and Amelia got' Sealed to Brigham en the spot ; Emmy soon consoled herself In the arms of Brother Delf ; And poor Mary one fine day Packed her traps and tript away Down to Fresco with Fred. Bates, A young player from the States ; While Sarah, 'twas the wisest plan, Pick'd herself a single man — A young joiner fresh come down Out of Texas to the town — And he took her with her baby. And they 're doing well as maybe.' Here the Saint with quiet smile, Sipping at his grog the while. Paused as if his tale was o'er, Held his tongue and said no more. Good, I said, but have you done 1 You have spoke of all save one. . . All your widows, so bereft, Are most comfortably left, But of one alone you said Nothing. Is the lady dead ? Then the good man's features broke Into brightness as I spoke, And with loud gaffaw cried he, ' What Tabitha 1 Dead ! not she ! All alone and doing splendid — Just you guess, new, how she's ended I Give it up ? This very week I heard she's at Oneida Creek, All alone and doing hearty, Down with Brother Noyes's party. Tried the Shakers first, they say, Tired of them and went away, Testing with a deal of bother This community and t'other, Till she to Oneida flitted, And with trouble got admitted. Bless you, she's a shining- lamp, Tho' I used her like a scamp And she's great in exposition Of the Free Love folk's condition, Vowing, tho' she found it late, 'Tis the only happy state.' ' As for me,' added the speaker, ' I'm lower in the scale, and weaker ; Polygamy 's beyond my merits, Shakerism wears the spirits, And as for Free Love, why you see (Here the Saint wink'd wickedly) With my whim it might have hung Once, when I was spry and young ; But poor Annie's love alone Keeps my mind in proper tone, And tho' my spirit mayn't be strong, I'm lively— as the day is long. Ae he spoke with half a yawn, Half a smile, I saw the dawn Creeping faint into the gloom Of the quickly— chilling room. On the hearth the wood log lay With one last expiring ray ; Clewson rose and kick'd the log ; Ab it crumbled into ashes, Watched the last expiring flashes, Gave another yawn and Baid ? Well ' I guess it's time for bed ! ' ' I have given copious tastes, as I promised, of the quality of this unctuously humorous poem — it is a poem, a genuine creation. If anybody takes it up at night over an Australian wood fire — whilst the rain rattles on the bark roof or the shingles like bullets, the flooded creek roars in the distance, and the frogs croak, and the curlew calls out of the darkness, like a bushranger on the spongy fiat — I fancy that such a reader of it will not be inclined to guess ' it's time for bed ' until he has read it through from cover to cover. Peter 'Possum. 