THE TRANS-CONTINENTAL RAILWAY. Although the Bill introduced into Parliament by the Hon. A. Blyth was shelved ly the Speaker's ruling, we cannot suppose that the Trans-Conti- ' nentai Railway project will be allowed to drop in consequence. In fact, a majority of one in a House of seventeen members (besides twelve who had paired off) has already passed a vote, declaring in opposition to the Speaker's ruling, that the Bill is a Public one and not a Private Bill. We therefore consider it not out of place to resume the subject, and, in connection with it, may notice some few points in Mr. Carr's speech of 19th June. Much of what was said, both by him and the other honorable members who opposed the Bill, has been reiterated ad miuseam', but so long as the opponents of the measure bring forward their statements we shall feel it our duty to expose their fallacies. As we said before, we are not inclined to agree blindly to every demand made by the promoters of the Company ; and in any arrangements made with them we would have every precaution taken for protecting the interests of the colony, and for compelling the Company to complete the line and worh it for a number of years. If they can be in duced to carry out the undertaking for 100,000,000 of acres instead of for the 200,000,000 they now demand, we say by all meaus get them to accept the smaller quantity. Make the best bar gain you can for the colony, but do not descend to meanness or pettifogging. Verily with some persons this would be no descent at all. We think the promoters of such a scheme are entitled to some advantage for bringing forward so vast and impor tant a project. No doubt there will be other parties ready to take advantage of the ideas of those who have started t a this railway scheme, and who will, per haps, offer to carry it out on better terms ; but the original projectors are entitled to the preference. We remem ber the story of Columbus and the egg, in relation to the discovery of America, and it is not altogether inapplicable to our Trans-Contineutal Railway and those who are jealous of the promoters. Mr. Carr is chargeable with the same inconsistency as most of the opponents of the Railway. He depreciates the importance of the scheme, while he exaggerates the value of the land pro posed to be given in exchange. If the value of the land be so great as he, and those who agree with him, consider, the importance of constructing a rail way through it is enhanced in propor tion. He says the " American railways were constructed for national purposes, to bind the various States together by iron bands and common interests at the common cost; but this was a project for the benefit of a section only even of this colony." Now if American rail ways bind the States together, &c.;, surely the Trans- Continental Railway would so bind together the Northern Territo ry and the old province of South Australia that the idea of separation would not be carried out, but, on the contrary, mutual benefit would result, owing to the constant and rapid inter change of products, and of intercourse, and as no advantage could result from separation no desire for it would arise- Mr. Carr says "when the Company- got the land for making it they would be only too glad to forfeit the railway, and leave the colony the very unprofitable and ruinous task of keeping it up. Some very narrow reasons had been given why we should sacrifice this immense territory. Une Adelaide trades man dragged this bubble scheme into public meetings because he wanted to import a few more saddles from Eng land—another because he wanted to make a profit on selling blankets to the navvies." Stuff and nonsense, Mr. Carr : when will you cease to measure other people's corn with your own bushel ? The next " argument" brought forward by this sapient legislator is that " the route from Port Adelaide to Port Darwin by sea would be preferred by shippers to the railway, because goods could be conveyed so much more cheaply by water than by land, and the railway would not have the ghost of a chance in competition for the traffic." This argument is very specious, and worthy of its author; but two impor tant facts are carefully suppressed, both by Mr. Carr and the other oppositonists who have argued, as they think, so tri umphantly, in favor of water versus land carriage. In the first place the chief object of the railway is not to convey goods between Adelaide and Tort Darwin, but to open up communi cation with the interior of the conti nent, where water carriage is not available — to give facilities for the settlement of vast tracts of country by a large population, and by this means to develop resources which without a railway must ever remain dormant. In the next place there are certain ad vantages to be gained from speedy com munication between two places, else Tvhy is it that ocean steamers, and even tho 1 n _ - -o yycuana route Irom England to the co onies, are so much preferred for the conveyance of certain classes of goods un even of passengers to whom time object ? and this in the face of eights four or five times as high as at charged by sailing vessels. There can be no doubt ihat the establishment ® this railway would tend greatly increase our trade with India, China, anc mPortant islands of 0 China Seas, and would materially shorten the passage between England and Australia, and as the trade in creased so the advantages of the railway would become more apparent. Never theless we consider the primary object to be to open up the vast interior of ' the continent. Hie objection as to locking kip the lands fo.i nineteen years is one that refers only to the terms of the Bill as introduced into Parliament, and there fore is one that by judicious legislation may be got rid of. In fact many of the objections raised by the opponents of the scheme are utterly untenable as against the broad principle of the scheme itself, and have reference to ideas suggested by those who wish to throw every obstacle in the way of its being carried out. This is too much lost sight of by others who are apt to be led by the plausible speeches of claptrap orators, who put their own in terpretation on things; and boldly assert that such and such is the intention of the promoters, when probably they had no thought of the kind. The sim-n-es- do tions of wilful knavery that are some times made by opponents of the railway almost remind us of the proverb — " Set a rogue to catch a rogue !" We do not mean to imply that the Railway promoters at all deseive this designation, but the eagerness and as tuteness with which their opponents suggest all sorts of probable and improb able dodges in connection with the scheme reminded us of the proverb. Mr. Carr is exceedingly clever at pick ing holes in other people's clothes, for getting the great rent in his own. The following specimens from his speech are not the utterances of a gentleman, how ever they may be worthy of a member of the South Australian Parliament : — " Fearing that outsiders might see what was being done and make an outcry, they proclaimed their intention of greatly in creasing the number of shares so as to give tliem the hope that if they would assist in the operation of ileecing the public tliey should have part of the plunder. . . . This Bill, which pro posed to create the most gigantic land monoply the world ever saw, and give more than two-fifths of the whole colony at a nominal price to a Company of land sharks, money-lenders, and speculators in railway shares, lie was bound to speak the whole truth whatever the pain or cost to himself might be. . . . Instead of proof that this was a good Bill, the pro moters presented a certificate of good character signed by the Reyister, and countersigned by the Government organ, the Advertiser , who both said tliey were very respectable men ; and at every public meeting their friends took up the refrain, and repeated it again, like well- trained parrots whistling together to the same old tune, ' What very respectable men.' " The characters of the promoters of the Railway are not likely to suffer much from Mr. Carr's ill-timed abuse, and, without saying anything against the hon. member for Noarlunga, we may safely assert that they will at least bear comparison with his own. Further on he says — " Lawyers and legislators could not checkmate landsharks, either when they took square miles under the Land Act, or hundreds of millions of acres as under this very liberal Bill. And an Act dealing with land never was so constructed as to secure the pub lic from imposition or litigation, because, although they might punish, they could not prevent fraud by act of Par- j 11 iiaraen w We are surprised at such an admission as this from a gentleman laying claim to so much astuteness as that he can divine the very motives and remote intentions of the promoters, or as he himself elegantly expresses it, their " land monopolies, political jobbery, and labyrinthine rascalities." We might almost have looked up to Messrs. Carr, Hart, Ward, Tovvnsend, and Co., as gifted with secoud sight, clairvoyance, or the spirit of prophecy itself, if he had not by this candid admission given us to understand that they were but mor- ' tals still. I Mr. Carr next takes up the question of landlord and tenant — the Company being in the former position, and argues against the Railway because " many of the tenants of this land would be close to the sea, and many more than 300 miles from any part of the railway, such was the vast extent of the territory given by the Bill ; and as it could be of no use to these tenants or occupiers of the land, why should they be given up to perpetual serfdom in payment for it ? If the quantity of land given were far less than was here proposed, he would still oppose the Bill, because he knew of nothing so baneful to society and so injurious to a nation's welfare as absentee proprietorship." This is a most absurd objection, but not more so than we might have ex pected. Is it any argument against a railway into the interior that it has one terminus near the sea ? as well might the. line to the Burra have been ob jected to on the ground that the other end of it was at Port Adelaide. And as to the tenants living, some near the sea, and some far from the line in the interior, we can't, for the life of us, see how they would suffer any miustice in having to pay a fair rent for the la.'"k or how they would be compelled to ' " pay for it " (the railway ?) by being tenants of the Company. They would not even be compelled to take up land 300 miles from the line, or anywhere else, and by the time the interior is so settled as to have inhabitants 300 miles on either side the line, it is probable that branch lines will be constructed as feeders to the main trunk line. But there is room for a very large popula tion within a day's ride on either side the line, and when it extends further it will probably pay to construct branch lines. Mr. Carr's peroration speaks of the Bill plunging the colony into an infinity of cost for no profit; but we see no reason why it should do so. Even the cost of such surveys as were necessary, if not met by the Railway Company, would surely be provided for by the sale of land. As to the Bill " robbing the people of South Australia of more than two- fifths of the lands of the colony," this is untrue and absurd ; because the construction of the railway would add five times the value to the land not alienated to the Company, and a value which without the railway it could never possess. 