: FREEMAN IN DISTRESS. Freeman is very excitable. There are : certain things Avhich afflict him dreadfully. When he hears that the Pope is in trouble through the "Brigand of Italy" he is visibly moved. When be speaks of the ".suffer ings of Ireland" he becomes pale with anger. When he refers to the Kiama Ghost, or to the stubbornness of Martin in his rejection of Duffy, he is like an Irishman on the evening of St. Patrick's Day, after imbib ing freely in honor of the Saint. But oh ! when he thinks of Orangeism, Orange meetings, or Orange chairmen, it is clear that an evil spirit lias entered into him. The proof of this was given last week in his ferocious attack upon Mr. Joseph Wearne, for his speech as chairman at Waterloo, at an Orange tea meeting. Angry at Mr. Wearne, angry at the trustees of the school-room where the meeting was held, angry at the speech, angry at the Herald, for publishing a part of it, Freeman fumed and raved like a madman among the tombs ! Poor man. We commend him to Mr. Butler, who is usually counsel in such cases, " made and provided and if that learned gentleman he as Avise and prudent, on the subject of " charity and unsectarianism," as when he is addressing the liberal electors of Argyle, we have no doubt he will move.theCourt " de inquirendo lunatico." Meanwhile, let us look at the " head and front of the offending" of Mr. Wearne, that we may understand the nature of Freeman's lunacy. Mr. Wearne is an Orangeman ; and, of course, this, in the estimation of Freeman , is an unpardonable offence. But is Mr. Wearne bound to consult Mr. Freeman 1 Has Freeman any right to forbid Mr. Wearne to become an Orangeman? Of course, it is natural for such a priests' man to claim the right to control men's consciences, and to sub stitute denunciation for reason and argu ment ; but intelligent men will look upon such claims as Popish insolence, and tell Mr. Freeman that this is a free country — no thanks to Freeman — and that as some men are at liberty to become worshippers of Mary and Joseph and Patrick, and Holy Guild members, so others are at liberty to become Orangemen, and to hold the me mory of King William III in what re spect they choose. Again, Mr. Wearne went to an Orange "tea meeting." Well, does not Mr. Freeman sometimes go to tea meetings 1 We have heard of his being at several of late. Hot perhaps that he cares for tea. He likes something stronger. He is a jovial tellow. Picnics, banquets in honor of Irish Fenian exiles, and soirees in general have a special attraction for him ; and when he puts on his white vest and green tie, and, slips into his pocket a small bit of ribbon, he thinks it beneath him to. go to Mr. Wearne to ask his permission to take an evening's jollifi cation ! Exactly ; and yet lias this same Mr. Freeman the impudent freedom to go to Mr. Wearne and scold him as a pick pocket for daring to go to an Orange tea meeting without asking the consent of this Great Censor of morals 1 Really, the reci procity of this Fenian Freeman is like, all Popish reciprocity — " all on the one side." Such insolent domineering is Irish Papal "charity !" Then, Mr. Wearne made a speech, as chairman at that Orange tea meeting, and he said, referring to Orangeism, "The term ' aggression' was not in the vocabulary of Orangemen. They did not wish to en croach on the rights of any men ; but only to defend their own." Well, one would have thought that this was a very fair statement. But it simply made Mr. Freeman wild. It was all the worse for being fair. "He flew at the word " aggres sion" and replied, that if the word "aggres sion" was not in the vocabulary of Orange men, their very existence as a society was an aggression! Of course; and on the same ground Protestantism is an aggres sion. Liberty also is an aggression. All m odern society, and modern improvement is an aggression. The pope says so ; and Free man as a faithful toady must say so too ; for as the Romish Church claims to rule the world in both politics and religion, and to make society subservient to the domination of the priests, that must always be regarded by such creatures as Freeman as a foul " aggression " which repudiates the Church in both respects, and enfranchises the mind and conscience of the people. Orangeism is indeed the enemy, the uncompromising enemy of "the Church." in this battle for power, and therefore the enmity of Freemcm is quite intelligible,1 and his charge of "aggression" is perfectly plain. But this , is the very glory of Orangeism. It will retain this glory notwithstanding that the Butlers slander it, and; the milk-and- water Protestants stand aloof from it, and its own friends not unfrequently misrepresent it. Orange ism will not encroach upon the rights of any men. It will give to Romanists the same privileges which it will give to Protestants, only it will take security that those privileges will not bo handed over to the priests to bs destroyed. When Romanists are suspected, it is because their priests are capable,, according to their system, of taking from them their rights, and making them mere tools in their hands for the destruction of liberty. When Romanists have been placed under what are called "disabilities," it is because their priests, according to the principles of their system, were seeking the overthrow all that British freedom which is the source of all our national blessings. "Disa bilities" therefore were the mere securities which freedom required to protect it against the insidious attacks of men who are the sappers and miners of everything noble and good. Could Romanists, and especi ally Romish priests be trusted, every dis ability would be swept away ; and, indeed, as freedom has grown, as it has become able to stand without " protection," one and another of those disabilities has been swept away until hardly a single shred is remaining. Thus it is true that Orangeism will not encroach ; but defend ; and if our Roman Catholic people would only read and con sider, independently of the blinding in fluence of such false teachers as Freeman, they would readily see that Orangemen are their best friends, and the immediate cause of those priceless privileges which they enjoy, under the pleasant shadow of Protestant liberty — privileges which their fellow-religionists do not enjoy under any papal Government whatever. It suits Freeman to speak of Orange men as the "scum of the earth but do not Butlers generally deal in scum 1 It suits him to retail all the old slanders about Orange Societies being companies of vaga bonds far below Irish murderers and thieves ; but are not political agitators pretty well acquainted with the character and objects of such Fenian societies 1 It is a full answer to all this ribald abuse, and low scurrility -worthy of a paper which has always been on the side of disloyalty and treason — that the Oi'ange body of Hew South Wales consists of men who are as capable of reading the history and princi ples of Orangeism as Mr. Freeman ; that they are, many of them, known to be the employers and friends of Irish Roman Catholics ; .that they are, as a body,, above, doing a wilful. injustice to any man ; that they are as unlike vagabonds' and the "scum of the earth" as those who slander them ; and yet that, notwithstanding, the- slanders and sneers of such creatures as Freeman, they will, as Mr. Wearne has said, hurl any Government from power immediately which will attempt to give the Roman Catholics any " undue advan tage." 