-THEATRES, MUSIC; AND FASHION. [By our Paris Correspondent.] jrans, jwarcn 20. Theatres.—" Daniel iVLamn" is a drama* in five acts, represented at the Chatelet, Theatre, the subject being the incidents in the life of the model patriot Manin, and his efforts to drive the Aus trians from Venice. Never Was a more iniquitous treaty signed than that of Campo-Formio, by which the First Na poleon delivered Venetia to Austria, and that was only undone by Sadowa. TJp to 1848, the Venetians submitted to the hated yoke of the stranger ; then the lion of Saint Mark awoke, Venice declared herself a Republic, elected Manin Presi dent, . and for 12 months sustained a seige, surrendering when there was no longer hope, when the last crust was reached, and the last ounce of powder shot away. The defeat of young Italy at Novarra did not frighten the Re public, nor the abominable sack of Brescia by Haynau terrify it. Previous Republics showed that the Venetians could fight, while her merchants ex pended their plethora of gold with the munificence of princes and the fantasy of artists, for behind a Spartan facade Venice had the elegancies and arts of Athens. The year 1848 found Manin in prison in Venice for anti-Austrian politics. He was then 43 years of age, rather small in figure, and wearing his proverbial glasses/ By profession a lawyer—by patriotism the popular leader. He was an enthusiast for liberty, but not the less so for law. He was no vulgar agitator—no Rabagas. He never com promised himself with disorder or anarchy. The Revolution he unchained he directed. His love for the people was serious, simple, and austere. When an emeute arose he confronted it and forced it back. He was the natural chief of the insurrection— the natural heir ef the Foscari and Dandolo. During his dictatorship he never cost his country a ducat; he was poor to the .verge of poverty, and he gave to a patriotic subscription all_the property he possessed—his silver snuffbox; he added, in addition, his life. Escaping after the fall of Venice, he landed at Marseilles, where he lost his wife from obolera; a few years later his only daughter Emilia, and in 1857 he died himself, and was temporarily interred in the family vault of Avy Scheffer, till his fellow-citizens, at last free, claimed his remains. He entered Venice—but by way of the tomb. At Paris this suc cessor of the Doges disdained all succor; he supported himself by giving lessons in Italian, lived in retirement and modesty. The drama is a faithful photograph or the Venetian Revolution, the only fiction—a thread—is the mating of Manin's daughter in love with the son of the most cruel, of the; Austrian Generals—of her repulsion for her lover Leopold, when she discovers hi3 nationality, and the return of her affectisn on meeting him fighting | side by side with the patriots ; he re ceives his reward—Emilia's hand—at the | deathbed of her father. The scenery is beautiful, superb ; no traveller who has been at Venice but will recognise it once i again on the stage ; its beauties can never j be forgotton. Other cities have ad mirers ; but Venice alone has lover3. The first act opens with the arrest of! Manin by the Sbirri, then follows a splendid view of the principal canal, its gondolas, and the rich and delicate archi tecture of St. Mark's Cathedral, the union of the two Republican parties, where the chiefs swear at the foot of an altar to conquer or die, the arrival of | Emilia, exhorting the people to rise to liberate her father, the release of Manin, his storming of the Arsenal with a band of one hundred men, the repulse of the night assault on a bastion, the execution of two traitors, the heroic death of a general, the bombarded inhabitants seek ing shelter in the ducal palace, the city in its last agony, the departure of Manin into exile, and, last, the posthumous apo theosis of Manin, where dark clouds lift themselves away, and reveal the interior of St. Mark's—at once dazzling and sombre, pillars full of statues, sculptured galleries—the golden roof and its angels, and the altar, with the catafalque—all is magical and marvellous. The last tableau alone would ensure the success of the drama. The acting was in keeping. Mile. Felix, as Emilia, was terribly grand in the second act. Clothed in white, features in keeping, she excites the crowd to action and to lay the usurpers low. She was more a heroine than a woman—more of a patriot than a lover. Her threats j and contempt on discovering Leopold to | be an Austrian, caused a shudder to run through the spectators; each glacial, killing word was as the coldness of the poignard penetrating the heart. ; Equally triumphal was her acting as the Nemesis of Italy. Lacressonniere, who filled the role of Manin, recalled the great patriot's character to the life—simple dignity, firm | authority, goodness, courage, and sadness. The Parisians attested the faithfulness of I the siege-life depicted, and no one can ] dispute their competency. " Sans Chezlui en 1869," by M. Gondinet, is a three-act comedy, and which succeeds the " Princess Georges'" of Dumas, at the Gymnase. The author is young, arid has written two successful plays already, " Christiane" still holding its own at the Theatre Franeais. On the ' present occasion he has proved a, failure, and his play is full of spite against all foreigners, and so far mischievous. The subject of Paris at home in 1869 is ostensibly to. ^represent a time in "the histbry of the capital when it was the caravansary of the world, and when the dwellers beyond Mesopotamia flocked here'. The plot is nothing but the peg to hang satire and ridicule upon, and con sists of a French diplomatist who is short sighted,' and a German ambassador who listens at doors and peeps through key holes. Baron Steinbock, ambassador, represents a duke of the Grand Duchy of Gerolstein class, who desires to marry his son to a Spanish princess, but said son has eloped with his governor's daughter to Paris, to be married, and French diplomacy is interested in the pro motion of the runaway match, the better tq foil a Spanish alliance. Thanks to a Lord Hawkins, the discovery is made that the lady whom the duke's son wishes to marry is the wife of the German ambassa dor? Baron- Steinbock—the improbable part of -the -piece.-1 The -dialogues and scenes bring 1867—Exhibition year—-not 1869 in view; then Paris was invaded by seven foreign nations who came to see, as the seven kings that Voltaire met with at Yenice, who arrived to witness the Car nival. That Tower of Babel epoch has now disappeared as effectually as Hercu laneum and Pompeii. What is to be gained, then, by ridiculing Americans with pockets full of dollars and prospectuses of new inventions—or English suffering from fogs—or Turks, anxious to find a change of harems and an opportunity for gambling—or Russians and South Ame ricans in quest of civilization. Paris then courted strangers, as she implores them to come to her now—to spend their money—to be fleeced, and to be laughed at. As for the Germans, they receive the lion's share of the " showing up." For tunately they have shoulders broad enough to bear it. A writer observes— "The time is past for laughing at the Prussians, and not enough remains to hate them. Having displayed so much international love, we ought to exhibit some hate. The play may be rightly considered as a toilette in three acts—a dressmaker's show-room set to a dia logue. Every one is agreed the toilettes of the artistes are splendid, and that the wearers put all their talent therein. The prize rests to the actress whose "nothing to wear" cost 20,000 francs. The author, strange to say, lashes the MacPlimsey ladies ; and the leading Parisian dress maker that serves as a butt, in the comedy, is precisely the same who has arrayed the artistes like Solomon in all his glory. The Theatre Chateau d'Eau plays a fan tastic drama i$ five acts—" Le Spectre de Patrick." M. Cadol, the author, has simply dramatised Dickens's Christmas Carol, and rebaptised Marley's " Ghost and Scrooge." He has played, a practical joke on the French critics by not acknow ledging the source of his inspiration : he ought to apologise, at least, for spoiling a good tale. The Ambigu Theatre now represents a five-act drama that people flock to laugh at. It is called the drama "Gondo." In the first act the lover kills his love with a revolver ; in the second a father strangles his son ; in the third an uncle commits suicide, and his heir starts for Venice with a pad—for all the characters have been either in prison or are qualifying to go there—to see life. The remaining acts run in similar grooves. There is a scene, however, where a son in-law challenges the seducer of his mother-in-law to mortal combat. This devotion towards such a female relative is very rare in history, and merits to be signalled. Music.—The Opera Comique is very successful in its revivals, because it re gards such not as make-shifts, but as a serious element in the programme. The highly-popular " Mignon," by Ambroise Thomas, attracts crowds, as during its first representation. The score has under gone some changes ; the tenor air, " Yes, I wish, &c.;," in the first act, has been discarded; not having danseuses, the ballet which prepared the entry for Mignon has been suppressed. This i3 a pity, as the dance music was good. Also, instead of killing poor Mignon, as Goethe wished, she lives and marries Wilhelm Meister. The denoice mc7it is not so poetical, but the public is better pleased to see the loved child will be rich, happy, a faithful wife, and excel lent mother. The part of Wfihelm had no marked interpreter ; however, the air "She believes not, &c.;," was well exe cuted. As Lothario, M. Gonael was very remarkable, equal to Faure ; and in the duet " Hast thou suffered," with Mignon, was warmly applauded. Mme. Galli Marie has made Mignon her role exclu sively, as Mile. iNilsson that of Ophelin. It is impossible for her to be either su perior or inferior in the character. Mme. Galli-Marie is the Mignon that Goethe dreamed and created—the poor little being, mild and gentle—something be tween a child and a woman ; by love the woman, by feebleness and caprice the child. It is a role not to be learned ; it must be divined, loved, felt—in a word, lived. The " Chevaliers de la Table Ronde," by Herve, has been also revived after an interval of ten years. The music is of that class which makes money, but which ought to qualify the composer for Bed lam. There is the knight Roland, with a" windmill for a helmet, the arms of which he turns when in the most pathetic situa tions. There are the same grimaces, con tortions, and drolleries in the tightrope dances and the gymnastic feats. .The morceaux of music are in the first act, and the other where Roland declares his love for the princess, have a charm and elegance very surprising to meet with in Herve's music. The troupe of artistes is first-class, and must long for occupation • worthy of its talent. The opening of the Theatre des Italiens is rather an earnest of future than of present success. The building had been converted into an hospital during the siege, and has been entirely redecorated. The difficulty was to make up a company ; the artistes were scat tered, but the shades of Lablache, Rubini, and Grisi remained. Who can fill the. place of Tamberlik or Patti ? The public appeared delighted to meet once more in a place where full dress is de rigeur—the retiring rooms were so many .botanic gardens, where white and red camelias abounded—for the opening opera was " TraViata." Wagner disdains Italian composers, but he admitted that Verdi "is a savage, possessing something." Between both these writers many analo gies could be indicated. Verdi has pas sion, an imagination fruitful and never at a loss, which commands indulgence' for harmony not always exact, and an orchestration not ever able. His music is generally well written, but tries the artistes, demanding a great expenditure of self, to interpret phrases full of pas sion, and losing everything if rendered coldly. Mme. Ramirez, a Spanish lady, fat, fair, and forty, appeared as Yioletta. In some parts she was successful, in others very original. She wore an immense chain and a watch, that would make the real Dame aux Camelias die, not of consumption, but of envy. A writer has observed that Violetta's appearance ought to create the puzzle, whether she was a " soiled dove" or a duchess. Gadoni's voice lacks volume for the role of Rodolfo; Bellini's tender music would suit him better. The taste and freshness of his voice are well preserved, but pre served in ice. The orchestra fully main tained its reputatien. Fashions.—For street dresses, a silk jupon, with a polonaise of same color, either in cashmere or woollen material, are in favor; if the weather be cold. a dolman of the same color as the polonaise is preferred. In any case, where black is not worn, dark colors should be chosen for out of doors. Spring toilets will be made in cashmere and poult de soie, and the new Bhade that pro mises to be adopted is " nigger's bead"—tete de negre. For balls and evening dresses, there is a decided lean ing for the Louis XIV. style, training robes, in the richest materials, openbefore, upon a jupon of poult de soie, trimmed with lace or plaits in white tulle and bouillonnes. This open style gives a grand air and dignity to the wearer, but is not suited for the boudoir or a small drawing room. At the Due d'Aumaltfs receptions, where the Countess of Paris presides, low bodies are in favor. Pointed corsages and lace behind are coming into favor. For dinners and soirrie3 training robes only are to be met with ; short dresses, even where most elegant, are only tolerated for visiting. Corsages a basques are in finite in form still—long, short, square, pointed, and rounded, following the figure or taste ; gilets Louis XV. have not yet been dethroned. Bonnets, when not black, should be adapted to the color of the dress. For the demi-season flowers ought to replace feathers, and hi alines tulle bouillonne is the material in request. The trimming consists of lace, even feathers and flowers, with bows of faille, with long lappets falling at the side over the chignon. Violets, in bouquets or gar lands, and daisies are the flowers in vogue. With higli-bodied dresses some ladies wear a flower in the hair. This is not at all becoming ; a bow of ribbon or a fan tastic comb only should be selected in such case. Rich silk petticoats of every shade will be in favor this spring, arid worn under polonaises and over dresses. Skirts are made up of bias flounces, cut in deep scallops, and so laid -on in plaited cross ways, that each appears in a different direction. It is eccentric, at all events. Diamonds and precious stones ought not to be worn with simple toilettes; the plainer such adornments in the streets, and even at theatres the better. For Manchettes and collars plain cambric is'preferred ; in the case of costumes, negligee, when trimmed, Valenciennes, point d'Alencon, Bruges lace, &c.;, are preferred. I have observed a fancy veste, consisting of blue velvet without sleeves, with gold em broidery, open in front, and lapping across to show the figure. 