THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDE, By Divine Pksvidence and Favour op the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Syd ney and Metropolitan op Australia, to the Faithful, Clergy, and Laity op the Archdiocese, at the Commencement op Lent, op the Year 1872. ' In the last days shall come dangerous times y men shall be lovers of themselves, covetous, haughty, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, ungrateful, wicked, without affection, without peace, slanderers, incontinent, un merciful j without kindness, traitors, stubborn, puffed up, and lovers of pleasure more than of God.'— 2 Ep. to Timothy c.iii. vv. 1-4. Dearly Beloved in Jesus Christ.— What- ever degree of fulfilment these terrible words of Holy Writ may have heretofore received, what ever wider fulfilment may distract the world in years to come, it is but too evident that they find a sad realization in this our own day. And as Lent is the special season for religious medita tion, and penitence, and holy resolve, I desire to direct your thoughts to the events and cha racter of our times in their religious aspect. We bear enough of temporal prosperity, and the diffusion of secular knowledge, and the wonder ful discoveries in physical science ; and so, without undervaluing any o? these good things, we may at least now lend our attention to the position of the world, and of ourselves as parts of it, in progress towards that great end for which all was created. ' Unum est veccssarium.' ' One thing is necessary, ' and that one thing is the salvation of human souls ; the capacity for knowing, loving, and serving Almighty God. One human soul is of more value than all irra tional creation in its grandest forms, in its vast eat extent and force ; earth, sun, planets, starry heavens, simply as earth, sun, planets, and starry heavens, are all of them together less precious than one human soul. The Creator and Redeemer of souls Himself says to up, ' What shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and loose his own soul.' Well the??,— ea-tire sure foundation of this truth, I invite you for some short moments during this Lent to esti- J mate what the bright boastful world is doing in ', the way of help or harm towards the salvation of human souls ; how it is progressing an a society in which souls are to be saved or lost. : Shall we have cause for confidence and congra- ; tulation, or shall we hear the echo of our Lord's i words ' When the Son of man cometh, Bhall he find, think you, faith on earth ?' The inquiry, '? Dearly Beloved, is surely one, not of curious ; (speculation, but of most earnest practical result ; an inquiry in keeping with a penitential time, : when we are not thinking of praise, or blame to other men, but of our own duty, our own danger, possibly our own guilt. Let us begin then with a glance at the use which is being made of that knowledge or science, so much valued, as indeed it is valuable, St. Paul says, ' the invisible things of God from the creation of the world are already seen, being understood by the things that are made.' men to this* end, 'the knowledge' of the invisible things of God, or is it perverted to misguide men from God, to blind their nobler sense, their spiritual eyes, to the invisible things of God? Alas ! the answer is too clear. Infidelity, the denial of our Lord's revelation, yes, even atheism, the denial of God himself, stalks through our streets, and stands in our market places : they sneak about in lecture rooms, and stain the pages of dainty, attractive books. Scarcely anywhere are you secure from being shocked and shamed by their boldness and craft. It is not sound knowledge, it is not true science, you will say. Certainly not ; but it is the fashionable, the popular, the shallow and easy science, that wins notoriety, and flatters a base pride. It is a science that, ere it begins its search, deliberately puts aside the thought of God ; that arrogantly assumes a human soul to he nothing more than an impersonal force, or a result of some unknown combination of such forces, under some unknown conditions of mat- ter. Now to us who know, that God chooses to be sought after with humility and reverence, it is no wonder that by men of such temper He cannot be found ; that they do not acknowledge every individual soul of man to be the special creation of God at the moment of its union with. a human body. I wish indeed, it could be hoped that such a false science were the choice of a few only ; it is in sad fact the bane of many, of an increasing number who have fallen from the Christian faith. So notorious and widespread ing a plague is it, that the holy Vatican Council thought it needful to do, what for eighteen hun dred years of Christianity it had not been thought needful — viz : to define formally and solemnly certain elementary truths concerning the personality, the spirituality, and liberty of God, the creation of corporeal and spiritual beings, and the existence of body and soul in man** Unbelief in the very existence of God, and of the supernatural, carries with it of course un belief in the Church, in any divinely constituted guardian of the faith, in auy positive and obliga tory dogma. And so it comes, that instead of a body of men held together and moulded heart and soul by one faith, we have the dreary spec tacle of bands of men holding temporarily in society by opinions strung together, or cast aside, at will, until by many the Everlasting Gospel, the most awful real of all realities, is dwindled into a sentimental fable of benevolence, of various and uncertain interpretation. This dissolving process has been carried to the ex treme extent of its absurdity by some, who have in plain terms maintained, that every man's Christian opinions are and should be, as personal,, as peculiar to himself, as the coutour of his per son or the distinctive cast of .his features. Under this mischievous delusion, opinions in deed are multiplied, but realities are ignored, '' truths are decayed from among the children of - * Constii : Dei Filius cap : I. men, — 'diminutce sunt veritates a Miis homi num: Hence the bodies which have separated themselves from the Church tear up the frag ments of Christianity they at firBt retained into still smaller fragments, and acquire every year a deeper aversion to the Church as being the uncompromising teacher of the whole truth as ib isr in Christ Jesus. Authority in divine truth becomes to them more and more hateful, so hateful that this hatred furnishes even m itself a bond of union amongst themselves against the Church, which like her Lord, and in the abiding assistance of His Holy Spirit, makes disciples to her authoritative teaching. ' He was teaching them as one having authority, and not as their Scribes and Pharisees.' Next to the spread of infidelity and athesim more or less avowed, and to this dislike and re nunciation of Christian doctrine as such, you may perhaps remark, Dearly Beloved, the un blushing assumption of a morality in public mat ters different from, not to say contrary to, the. eternal laws of truth and justice. Whereas the Christian idea of society, even in relation to politics, to worldly interests, is the idea of a society of Christian men who can no more divest themselves of the obligations of truth and justice than the divinity of Christ can be separated from His humanity— we behold ever against this : true conception of a state, the false and deteata . ble assumption that in affairs of state, in politics : as they are called, success is the measure and justification of right. And so we have fallen into that abyss of which the Evangelist Prophet, : Isaias, proeiiams the woefulness, — Woe to you j that call evil good, and good evil ; that put dark ; ness for light, and light for darkness ; that put i bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter.' In all ? the states of Christendom, maxims and princi | pies are advanced and defended, that are the I very contradic dories, not only of Christian right, : but even of natural justice, ' the whole head is | sick, and the whole heart is sad.' Hear what an observant and religious writer tells us of the state of Europe. 'Everywhere nowa-days we hear the complaint that socieby is corrupted in its essential idea. Instead of being a means of safety and happiness, it is becoming an instru ment of oppression. It has desecrated the nup tial bond by introducing civil marriage. It has annihilated paternal authority by putting edu cation into the hands of the state. It has ruined property by an enormous load of taxes and imposts. It has destroyed citizen life by compelling every man to play the soldier for the best part of his years and strength. It has poisoned public morality by licentious books, and by enthroning atheism and materialism in its professorial chairs. It has dissolved social peace by its political organisations, by which everything is reduced to a perpetual clash of ad verse factions. It encourages an arithmetical preponderance of numbers to defy the prepon derance of intelligence and integrity. '+ There is little need, Dearly Beloved, for illus trating these statements. We have a bub too overwhelming and shamful illustration in the atrocious wrong inflicted on the Holy F^1* He, the occupant of the throne in this world this worlcl~ is trie noblest m 'it, 'has been plundered and dispossessed in the face of Chris tian speatators. If there is any right in this world that should be held sacred, it is his ; if any authority Bhould be held venerable, it is his ; if any power borne by human being has been for the good of the human race, it is his ; if any man, because of what was divine and holy in Mr office and person, has been most loved and honoured by the true and good, and most hated and reviled by the false and depraved, he is that I man. And to him, as to His Divine Master, a ; multitude has preferred Barabbas. And not i only has this been done, it has been also justi \ fied. It is an accomplished fact, so the cant i goes — and therefore it ia right, it musb be upheld. ; 'Darkness for light and light for darkness I' ! Woe, indeed to the world ; and woe to us, in so 1 far as we may in any degree be the impenitent ' causes of it. The shepherd may have been ' smitten for the waywardness of the flock. Ib has been observed that often the life of the ? Author and Redeemer of the Church has been, in its incidents, renewed in the lives of His earthly Vicars. It may well be so now. Of : that Author and Redeemer, you know, it was Baid 'prbptcr scelus populi mei percussi eum,' ' for the wickedness of my people have I struck him.' It is not only against the Church, however, that the corruption of the modern world is in hostility. The very foundations of society are in danger, and it seems no unreasonable appre hension, that in Europe social law and order may be imperilled by a devastating contest be tween poor and rich, that would renew a ruin such as the barbarians brought upon the mighty Roman Empire. The Communists, or Interna tionals, by whatever name they are to be called, have within the last year avowed doctrines, and worked misdeeds, that show to us how deadly and imminent is the danger. Christianity, the Christianity of the Church, embracing Gospel counsels as well as precepts, can alone keep in harmony rich and poor, can alone make the rich merciful and self-denying, and the poor con tented and peaceful. Where Christianity does not reign, there anarchy will desolate ; there can be no other permanent result, because a peace enforced by bare power can never be any thing but precarious. And the fair promising discoveries of material science, good as they are in themselves, will in the hands of godless men serve actually to facilitate and hasten the social catastrophe. No training in mere knowledge, in social and political science, as some men dream, can avert the ruin. And now, dearly beloved, I have briefly set be fore you some of those terrible evils of our own generation that make us think of the last days as St. Paul paints them, when 'men shall be lovers of themselves, covetous, proud, blas phemers, without affection, without peace,' and f'Civilta Cattolica' Quad: 514. so on through the dreadful catalogue of perver sities and sins. And I have proposed them to you as matter of : thought during the Lent, not, for idle and fruitless lamentation ; not that we should fold our hands in despair and sloth, but that we should bestir ourselves in hope. The judgments of God are abroad in the earth in order that we should be warned, and become fellow- workers with God in removing their cause. The evil is perchance not yeb beyond remedy ; ' sanabiles fecit nationes,' ' He made the nations of the earth for health.' Mercy and salvation are dearer to Him than judgment. The cities of the plain would have been saved from their fearful destruction if there had been ten just persons within them. The men of Ninive, the great city, repented, and so the threatened evil was turned away from them. And these thiags 'were written for our instruction, that through patience and comfort of the Scriptures we might have hope. ' Penitence and prayer then, Dearly Beloved, are our main reliance, our chief prospect of safety for the world as for ourselves. During bhe Lent of last year, prayers for the Holy Father and the welfare of the Church were re commended to your faith and charity, and this current year brings us face to face with greater calamities, greater needs. The Holy Father is still a prisoner, is still despoiled of the small territory which belonged to him by every right, human and divine ; still calumniated aud in sulted, and debarred of the freedom necessary for the unemharrased exercise of his Apostolic tunctiona. It is even worse than it was. They bend the knee to him in pretence, and put into his hands a reed as the mockery of a sceptre. What remains but that the Catholics of the whole world should mourn, should protest in the face oE all that is just, and honourable and gene rous, and then should humble themselves before the Mercy Seat of God, and beseech Him that this judgment may pass away from them, and the world in which they dwell. Dearly Be. loved, this is what I ask you to do in the first place— you see how all the attacks of the ene mies of Christ converge, under one preteuce or other, against the Holy Father. Let us, his children, lift up the shield of our penitence and prayer from every quarter. If infidelity is in every quarter, faith, thank God, is in every quarter also. Aud the work of our faith shall begin in the humble effort to sanctify ourselves. We will not begin with blame and reproach to others, bub with accusation against ourselves. Every Catholic, every soldier of Christ, to the dubies of his own station. If he find that he has not fulfilled those duties, I care not how humble, how unimportant they may seem in the world's estimate, let him know and acknowledge shat he himself is, so far, a support and en jouragement to the foes of the Holy See, of the Church of Christ. You will all feel the truth of ;his, that your prayers are good and helpful so :ar as they are the prayers of truly penitent men. Aad it is in the confidence that you know bhis, aud will aesire to act on this truth, that E auect the devotion of tliia }.^i».annf.ov «.~ *.us neecu.^ -^ this time ot special desolation and assault of the wicked one. We know with the as surance of faith, from the experience also of former afflictions, that the storm will pass, and the calm will return, as surely as on the lake of Gen- | nezareth winds and waves ceased at the voice of ? the Master. The triumph will come, the when j and the how we know not ; only this we know, j that the time will be hastened, that bhe devas tation and loss of souls will be restrained, that the victory of Christ and His Church will be j more complete, if in the strength of God's grace we do our own little part in pure and penitent j spirit. That dark cloud of infidelity, that gla- mour of false science, that impatience of sound doctrine, that rebellion against a divine Church, that dishonesty of political life and government, that war of one section of human society against another— all these sad calamities have the twofold aspect of chastisement and trial. In humility let us accept both from the hands of our God. We meet the chastisement with self-examination and contrition ; we accept the trial by standing openly in the face of men on j our love and loyalty to the Holy Father. In j praying for him, in aiding him, as we best may, ; in entering with generosity into the spirit of the ', Church's discipline and teaching, we shall best, j most effectually, approve ourselves on God's eide in the present fearful warfare. Where the attack of the enemy is in greatest force, there, J be sure, the interests they assail are greatest and richest. The Pope and the Church are the j visible witness and embodiment of the super- natural in this world, and therefore all who fear and hate the supernatural are against them. They also are ' for a sign that shall be contra dicted,' and are ' set for the ruia' as well as 'for the resurrection of many.' They are troublesome in the world ; men are alternately bewildered and enchanted by licentious specu lation, with the desire of being a law to them selves, and the Pope and the Church are in their midst ever calmly and confidently saying, 'there is one truth, the greatest of all, not discoverable by the inventions of man, but revealed once for all as a sacred deposit by Him who is Himself the primal truth ; moreover, there is one law, divine, everlasting, proceeding from the Eternal law-giver and the Creator; nair/$the very designation of Antichrist is that he is the lawless one, that he has no law but His own will smd lust. It is precisely that express declaration that the Head of the Church, the Holy Father1, is the divinely assisted, inffallible interpreter of that deposit and law, which has aggravated hatred and opposition ia these latter days. And now, Dearly Beloved, I leave these thoughts with you to animate and deepen the sipirt of your devotional exercises and medita tion during these sacred forty days. Let it be a good Lent, not accepted in a grudging niggard way, as if it were a penal law, but as desiring to gather the fruit the [[Church designs it to bear, using dispensations, whatever they may be, honeBtly, as yielding to weakuu.-* ot ouuy «r mind, and redeeming them by a liberal excha'r,& into some other form of self-denial, in comfort^ or luxury, or self-will. Tfc is the personal, prac tical sanctification that will give warmth and assiduity to your prayers, that will give your belief and example a happy influence amongst your fellow men, and justify in all eyes the firm stand that you, in the obedience of faith, will make against all those forms and portents of evil that are around us. Men yield to the strength of genu neness and humility. But let there be no half hearfcedness, no compromise of doctrine or principle, no shame for obedience and teachableness. There will be perhaps loss and suffering for Catholics ; that should be to them no strange thing. Let us look at the Blessed Mother by the cross of Christ, gentle patient in her faith and love, but erect, unyield ing to the infirmity of nature. May she obtain for us her children, a like grace, a like perse verance, through every shame and trial that may befall us for the sake of her Divine Son. And mny the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. © JOHN BEDE, Archbibhop of Sydney. Feast of the Purification, 1872. This Pastoral Letter is to be read in all the Churches of the Archdiocese, on the Sunday next after it shall have been received. S. J. A. SHEEHY, V.G; The Following ake the Regulations and Dispensations fob the Lent op the Pre sent Year, 1872. Flesh Meat, is allowed, at dinner only, on all days except. Wednesdays and Fridays, the Satur day of Eaiber Week, and the four last days! of Lent. On Sundays there is neither fast nor abstinence. On Fasting Days a collation may be taken in the morning and evening. A small quantity of milk, and also of butter, may be used. With respect to the latter, the dispensation is granted in behalf of those who feel unable to take bread in sufficient quantity without its aid. Eggs ara allowed on allsdays at dinner, exceptJAsh Wed nesday and Good Friday. Cheese and butter are al o wed on all days at dinner. In lieu of batter, lard or dripping is permitted, except of course on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. The period during which the Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is to be fulfilled begins on the first Sanday of Lent, and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly er- treat all the Faithful to be present each day during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the opportunity and means. We recommend masters of families aud parents to assemble, each day, their household or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part of the Rosary, the Litany of Jesus, the Litany of the|Saints, with the Penitential Psaims, may be recited on these occasions in addition to the will exhort the faithful to attend public serviue — -?-- in the Church on stated days in the week, in localities where it can be done without incon venience. Persona engaged in laborious occupations*, in delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting would be injurious to them, are exempt from, the law. In all cases of: doubt, recourse for dispensation mast be had to the Priest. When, by reason of distance, or of other serious obstacle, application to the Priest cannot be made, each one will decide in bis own case ac» cording to the dictate of conscience. By order of His Grace the Archbishop, S. J. A. .SHEEHY, V.G. ' Catholic. — The Manaro Mercury of 7th February, says :— We hear that it is the inten tion of the Very Rev. Dean O'Brien to convene a meeting, at an early date, of the members of his congregation for the purpose of consider ing the'desirability of building a new church. As far as we can learn, the meeting will be held on the second Sunday of Lent, the 25th instant. We cannot do otherwise than coin cide with the object of the meeting, and if the Catholics of the' district will but bear in mind that their present church, St. Patrick's, has been designated by a correspondent to one of the leading weekly journals of the colony as having a 'most ' iinchurchly' appearance, they will muster in large numbers at the meeting and signify their approbation of their reverend pastor's endeavor by bearing him out substantially in so noble a work. It .has long been evident that the Catholic denomi nation need a much larger place of Divine Worship than that they now possess ; it has also bgen evident for a considerable time past that they need a more commodious and comfortable place for the instruction of their children. Co-operation, therefore, with the efforts of the Very Eev. Dean O'Brien will secure to them both obj'^.ts named, and, the very least of either objei ':, add to the embel lishment anvl progress oi' Cooma. St. Patrick's Day. — The G-ulgong Guar dian reports : — It is purposed by the natives of the Emerald Isle to celebrate the nativity of their patron saint by a day's sport on the 17th March, when amongst other attractions there will be an attractive programme of athletic sports in Homer's paddock — the day to wind up with a ball and supper in the evening. As it is intended that the whole of the surplus will be handed over to the Gulgong hospital, we hope to see a monster gathering on the day. A meeting of all interested will be held at Tarrant's hotel, on Monday even ing next, to perfect the arrangements for the celebration of the day. 