THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. DEPUTATION TO THE BISHOP WITH THE MEMORIAL OF THE LAITY. Yesterday morning a deputation waited on the Right Rev. Bishop Bromby at Bishop's Court to present the memorial of the laity on the subject of objectionable books, and ritualistic practices in the diocese of Tasmania. Tho Ven. Archdeacon Davies and the Very rev. the Dean of St. David's were present with the Bishop at the reception. The deputation consisted of the Hon. Dr. Crowther M.L.O., tho Hon. A. Kennerley, M.L.C., Messrs. W. Belbin, M.H.A., T. Westbrook, J.P., C.O. Abbott, W. Hamilton, H. L. Roberts, J. Sly, and T. Noah. Dr. CROWTHER addressing his Lordship, said they as a deputation, had been requested to wait on his Lordship to present a memorial which had been signed by upwards of eight hundred laymen, all pro- fessed members of the Church of England. Many others would have signed the momorial had they been solicited, but the eight hundred signatures were strictly those of members of the Church, who took a deep interest in its welfare, and were desirous that true doctrine and Christian principle should be carried out in the diocese. Ho then read the memorial as follows : TO THE RIGHT REV THE LORD BISHOP OF TASMANIA, MY LORD,-We the undersigned lay members of the Church in the Diocese of Tasmania, beg respectfully to bring pro- minently under your Lordship's notice the two following important particulars which, in the belief of your memorial- ists, affect immediately the vital interests of the Church in this land 1st It seems clearly proved to your memorialists that during the late session of Synod certain books containing what was openly termed *subtle poison" - to wit, 'The Priest's Prayer Book " and " The Altar Book for the Young," were, without doubt, shown to be in us ein this Diocese 2nd That from the proved use of such books, which con- tain amongst other dangorous things, the Doctrines of Trans- substantiation and Auricular Confession, and from statements openly made in the Synod which were unchallenged, your memorialists are led to believe that some practices and ceremonies of a superstitious character, and contrary to the doctrine and usage of the Church of England are beginning to take root in this Diocese. Looking anxiously towards the future of our Church in this Colony, and regarding especially the best interests of our children, and all who are now of tender age therein, we urge your Lordship to adopt such measures that all reasonable ground for alarm may be at once taken away. We remain, my Lord, Your faithful and obedient servants, the Laity. The document was signed, as stated by Dr. Crowther, by about eight hundred persons, among whom were the members of the deputation and John Foster, M.L.C.; Thomas D. Chapman, M.H.A. ; Henry Butler, M.H.A. ; William Belbin, M.H.A. ; Nigel Gresley, J.P. ; Simeon Lord, J.P. J. W. Agnew, J.P. ; J. Barnard, J.P. ; Askin Morrison, J.P. ; J. Coverdale, J.P. ; S. W. Westbrook, W. Lovett, B. Travers Solly, Churlos Dowdell, Charles C. De Voeux, Charles Harbottle, Joseph Harbottle, R. J. Lucas, John Hamilton, W. Hodgson, M.H.A. ; John Jack- son, M.H.A. ; W. A. B. Gellibrand, M.L.C. ; W. R. Hawkes, M.L.C. ; F. W. Steiglitz, J.P.; George Hull, J.P.; James Boyd, J.P.; G. J. Morrisey, J.P. ; John Chipman, J.P. ; Thomas Bansom, J.P. ; F. Groom, J.P. ; M. Steel, J P. ; E. A. Walpole, JP.; S. W. Kelleway JP : Henry Nicholas,J.P.; J. B. Lewis, J.P. ; Molesworth Jeffery, J.P. ; T. L. Gellibrand, J.P. ; W. A. B. Jamieson, J.P. : W. Knight, J.P.; B. Douglns J.P. ; I. Wright, J.P. : T. Giblin, J.P. ; F Syncot. J.P. ; E. Nicholas, J.P.: K. Barber, J.P. ¡ J. Clarke, J.P. ; It. Road, J.P. ; Jamos L. Smith, J.P. ; H. B. Nichols, J.P. ; \V. Archer, J.P. ; W. II. D. Archer, J.P.. 0. J. Wooden, J.P. ; A. Barrett, J.P. ; E. J. Manloy, J.P. ; D. Ogilvy, J.P. ; J. T. Toosoy, J.P. ; Joseph Allport, Morton Allport, R. W. Butler, John Fisher, Francis Butler, W, Allanby-, S. Eardloy Wilmot, Alexandor Clerke, J. H. Flexmore, A. M. Milligan, George N. Eddie, Richard Irvine, E. Scarborough, John Reading, A. Peters, Edward Boxes, John Brickhill, John Hudson, Henry Vallentine, W. Stewart, David Ritchie, R. Westbrook, Walter Culf, W. Prstyman, William Edwin Crowther, Robert W. Carre M.D. ; Algernon Page, J. W. Robinson, E. M. Fisher Silas Parsons, S. G. Parsons, W. H. Andrewartha, Henry E. B. Read, george W. Collins, Charles Turner, George Ibbott. Samuel T. Dickson, J. W. Lord, R. 0\. Goodwin, Chas. Lamb, W. Lamb, James Salmon, W. Rumney, W. H. Westbrook, James L. Maddox, W. H. Downward, Henry Bennett, James Tevelein, John Tevelein, junr., Arthur Horne, G. Babington, T. S. Chitty ; Fred. A. Smith, H. R. Bront, Henry Wilson, H. B. Evans, Thos. Williams, 0. Marshall, John T. Read, George Luckman, John Gidley Fleming, Gidley Lewis, M. Stump, Louis Hann, John M. Short, A. F. Maning, Robert R. Rex, A. G. Pogue, J. F. Boultbee, Robert Cowie, A. A. Butler, Ernest A. Norman, Charles J. Chalmers, Thomas E. Priest, J. E. Risby, Robert A. Wright, Edward Freeman, L. R. Castray, A.C.G., J. M. Graham, Henry Dawson, J. 0. 0. McArdell, E. G. Maum, J. Rule, George Palmer, Edward Joseph, Duncan Chisholm, Charles McRorie, W. P. Latham, W. .T. Bollette, A. Sharland, Charles H. Elliston, Charles Gaylor, A. C. Douglas, Samuel Tapfield, G. H. Gellibrand, H. M. Pike, J. W. Abbott, Ralph Terry, Thomas Dossitor, John R, Carey, F. Wilkinson, George Stokell, F. Lipscombe, E. Lipscombe, W. G. Beaumont, H. Willing, Thomas Stump, John White, F. L. Piguenit, Edward Prescott, J. Bidencope, S. A. Hammett, J. Gray, John Ayton, G. W. Rox, John Symons, Samuel Bennett, Israel McLean, George Pullen, G. A. Green, John Waldron, Winston C. Simmons, J.P., William Bone, A. Gaby, John Cahill, W. Algernon Guesdon, Benjamin Sly, &c; &a..; &e.; His Lordship, on receiving the memorial, said, having had notice that a memorial would be pre- sented to him, he had prepared a written reply for the benefit of the eight hundred who had signed it, but perhaps they would allow him to make a few prefatory remarks. The Bishop then continued: Though I am always ready to liston to any repre- sentation of the laity from whom I have never re- ceived anything but kindness and respect, there are circumstances whioh have come to my knowledge that prevent me from regarding this memorial as a spontaneous expression of lay feeling. I do not so much speak of its origin as of the slanderous and very objectionable arguments used by at least one of the clergy in an active canvas for signatures. In tho case to which I refer, either the clergyman or a very respectable witness lies under the unenviablo im- putation of false statement. In turning to the sub- stance of the petition, I think that the subscribers to it have been misled into two errors-first, as to the existence of what, if true, would be contrary to the usuge and doctrine of the Church, and secondly, as to the Bishop's power in dioceses where a Synod has been instituted. The Synod in its Act for the trial of ecclesiastical offences has directed and defined the power of the Bishop. Unless I act an unconstitu- tional part, especially when no congregation has complainod to me, I must rofuse to listen to any appeal which does not present me with such tangible facts as go to establish the charge of unfaithfulness to the vows of ordination. How can I be expected to deal with inuendoos and unsupported statoments? The acused may properly demand, " If I have done wrong, prove it. If you succeed, I am willing to stand the consequences, whatever they may be." The matter has been already brought before the Synod, and the Synod has properly refused to have to do with any resolution which could have no other effect than to breed suspicions and encourage the evil habit of suggesting accusations, which are too vague to admit of contradiction. It would be different if any congregation had complained. As soon as one does so in a right manner, it will be time enough for me to interfere. The only appeal from a congregation made to me came from some 66 invalids of Port Arthur. It was a touching and indignant address in favour of their dovoted chaplain. It contained a request that, in justice to his character, which they thought had been improperly assailed, it should be sent to theonly nowspaper then published in this city, but that paper declined to admit it except as an advertisement. The object of my late visit to that penal settlement has also been misrepresented. It had nothing whatever to do with an enquiry, unless indeed, any complaint should be offered. But I heard only one universal testimony to the loving, self-denying labours of the chaplain. I visited 22 solitary prisoners in their cells on the Sunday, and preached three times ; early at the model prison, in the forenoon at the church, and again in the after noon te large congregations consisting of all the resident officialsfrom tho Commandant downwards, with their families, the prisoners, the insane, and the invalids. I could trace the efect of the chaplain's work everywhere ; in the devout behaviour of the masses, and in the solitary witness of case hardened men, who told me that they were hopelessly lost before they hade been had been (in their own language) "taken in hand " by the clergyman. The tears of a blind man, moistening his sightless face, were more eloquent than words. On the Tuesday afternoon I administered the rite of confirmation, and although two hours were consumed upon a solemn and hearty service, and the church was in darkness at the close, yet not a sound of impatience, shuflling feet, or clanging chain was board. A solomn and reverent stillness rested upon the scene, and two addresses, I fear by no means short, directed to the conflrmed, though more or less to all, were listened to with a devoutness whioh I commend to tho more favoured sons of the Church. And, at whose bidding am I called to mar this good man's work by unsupported charges ? The answer is, two men (in turn memor- ialise not me (for that would not suit their purpose) but the Governor-in-Council, and who were they? Officials? Members of the constabulatory? No ! One is registered as a Presbyterian in creed, on whose hand and tender conscience lies the stain of a brother's blood. The other follows up the successful plea for absence from Divine service, uses his very first opportunity for effecting his escape, and puts the country to all tho expense of an unsuccessful attempt at recpature. Are these the men whom you would take into your counsels? And is this the chaplain that you would saorifice to their plots? If you say " Yes," are any of the few clergy who have prejudiced this good man in the eyes of the colony, who have in effect taken the bread out of his children's mouths, as far as they could, if he were, by unwarrant- able stretch of my power, ejected from office - are they, I ask, prepared to take his place and do what he is doing in the way of self-denial, taking his master's cross ? I know that there are points on which I differ from him, but until I am prepared to throw up the Episcopate and undertake his depressing work, I had rather, if necessary, make the law as elastic as a liberal interpretation will allow me than go out of my way to crush him or lose him. You may say that has little to do with the Memo- rial, but I know you have the cause of true religion at heart, the religion of Christ, your master, and on the ground of justice I felt I could ask you to hear me in defence of one man who has been misrepre- sented. You will now permit me to read my reply to the Memorial, and perhaps the words I have spoken will help you to appreciate the remarks I have made in the reply. His lordship then read the following reply: MY DEAR BRETHREN IN CHRIST,-I beg to acknowledge tho receipt of your address, signed by numerous laymen within this Dioceso and entitled " Memorial of the Laity " llognrdcd as an aisumnco that tho deep heart of English churchmen is as .sound use;cr lu Its attachment to tho prin- ciples of our Reformed Church, I accept 5our momoiial with real sontiments of respect You «tato Hint jon " uro lod to bollovo that somo practices omi coromonlns of a superstitious chaiactor and contrary to tho doctrino ami usage of tho Church of England aro beginning ¡0 toko root in this Dioceso " You baso this bcliof upon two grounds, fit st-, on tho ground that, as you allege, certain booksworo "shown to bo in use," and secondly, that "certain statements, openly made In tho Synod, wore nnUmllonged " I I havo once more to repeat that a Bishop of our Church posasses no power whatever to interdict tilo uso of books which a clergyman may lind profitable In his private ministra ¿lons A BËhop'B interference 11 Jierc HO law of the Chntrh has been broken would be properly resisted as an arbitrary exercise of irresponsible authority Incompliance, however, with an expressed desire of tho Sj nod, and for the quieting of doubts, I have already, In a Vastoral Lutter, recommended the clergy to refrain from making use of all books whatever, which contained matter,lthat 1» etiencc 01 cutt of f/ioii(//if,was calcu- lated to offond the honest scruples of their brethren or their flivVl II No attempt, during the session of Synod, was made to show that any of our clergy had used the objectionable portions of the books specified, although several readily admitted that one of these two books at least was In theil possession and partial use You must call to mind that the statements which were thon made wero so vaguo and unclrcumstantial as to bo incnpable of being "challenged," and ought not, therefore. In my judgment, to bo accepted as proof that " any practices or ceremonies of a superstitious character aro beginning to tako root In this Diocese' Unwarrantable Insinuations wero indeed uttered at the Bj nod, followed bv others still moro personal and libellous, which appeared In the shapo of anon) - mons newspaper letters aluce these slanders, which have been proved to be utterly untrue, have not been recalled, na manly courage and Christian candour dictate, it is not very surprising that a panic should go abroad, of which tills me- morial is tho natural scquol In the ordinary intercourse of Ufo suth libels should bo restrained by condign penalties and It is only owing to tho forbearance of those who have been covertly assailed, that the arm of tho law lias not been, as I am legally advised It might be, inv oked If any member of the Synod was awtvru of the actual existence of an> forbidden practices, and had laid thu facts of the case beforo mo, pre pared to substantiate them, the) would havo met with my unqualified and instant condemnation Slneo the issue of my Pattmal Ltitet, opportunity has been afforded me of ascertaining whether these injurious rumours rested upon any solid foundation I rejoice to he ablo to assure you, and you will bo glad to know, that in ever j singlo Instance, whore such rumour could be traced to its source, ¡t has been found utterly destitute of truth according to written attestations now in ni) possession I hope that I may accept vour own declaration that, "you aro len to believe that superstitious practices aro taking root in this Dioceso" for the two reasons that j ou assign ("tho uso of certain books" and " tho statements of some members of Synod"), as an acknowledgment that yon aro personally innemnt of tho actual existence of any such practices In this case j our memorial (which, I lind, has been sent through- out the Dioceso for signatures) is to ino a gratifying assurance that no such practices (io «.1st, within youl knowledge Such assurance should, therefore, bo regal (led by yourselves and all churchmen as a virtual condemnation of tiloso vague and (In some cases) unprincipled assertions, in which a few writers »ml speakers have unhappll) indulged In conclusion, I beg solemnly to assure you that you cannot dislike superstitious, as opposed to really merciiij practices In Divine worship moro than I do , jon may roly upon it that I shall bo, at all times, ready to use the authority w hlch belongs to roy olllce for tho removal of all reasonable grounds of alarm whether lu ono direction or another, whenever real occasion may «rise But I can ncv or consent to abridge that measure of toleration, which, in theo days of freer thought and larger liberty, Is allowed to Individual clergymen and their congregations in the Mother Church from which I received my mission as your Bishop This principle of constitutional freedom which attaches tho Church of England to my own heart, and which forms ono of tho truest links between the Mother and the Daughter Churches, lias ovor been and will continuo to bo the principio, that will over guide mo In tho administrations of tho Diocese Trusting.iuy dear brethren, that "allbitterness and wrath," so easily excited by religious controversy, will at length he permitted, by God s grace, to yield to the paramount claims of truth and justice, and of brotherly lovo, which springs from our common love to our Master. Christ I am, Your faithful servant and Bishop, C. II. TASMANIA. Bishop s Court April 24th 1873 Dr CROWTHER said it might bo considered out of placo, but he rose to support tho Memorial in bohalf of the deputation and tho persons who had signed it and ho could not allow it to pass without giving expression to his own opinion of that which was stated by the memorialists that improper books woro used, and that thoj wera led to bcliovo that somo prac tices and ceremonies of a suporstitious charactoi, and contrary to tho doctrino and uiago of tho Church of England, woro beginning to take root in tho dioccso, and of which he was sorry to say his Lordship was not awaro AB to tho remark that tho Momorial was not tho spontaneous act of tho hut), he (Dr Crowther) carod not how it arose, whothcr spontaneous or not the ond must ho the same, thoj desired to seo that which thoy beho\cd to bo contrary to tho truth put nn ond to It was true, ho bolievod, that some one or moro of thoso who took an active part in obtaining signatures to the Memorial nero clargjmen , still they should not bo condemned when thoy acted from a conviction that there wero grounds for the pamo which existed in the community Ho (Dr Crowther) was sorry to inform his Lordship that tho alarm had not boen lessened by tho issuo of bis Pastoral On tho con trarj, ho for ono felt that it hud boen strengthonod hy the clergy being told that thoy woro loft to freedom of action And if nothing woro to be done but to bring offenders hoforo tho Ecclesiastical Court, ho should like to know who would conlt-nt to become a common in former, when, by a little simplo powor wisoly exor- cised by the Bishop, the prevalent practices could bo nipped in the bud, mid othors ho proiontod from going in tho samo direction P No ono doubted tho /cal of thoso who boheved in ritualistic ceremonies No one had a greater regard for tho clergyman at Port Arthur to whom his Lordship had referred than himself, ho (Dr Crowther) boheved in his /cal and Christian chant), but ho could not admit that ho was disoroot Having alluded to tho debntes at tho Si nod, Dr Crowther quoted his Lordship s remarks iidusmg thom te bo quiot and wait till thoy had causo lo complain, and saw that thoir childron nore bung in- doctrinated with erroneous teaching, mid askod.uould it not bo bettor to provont tho mischiof and nip it in tho bud, than to wait till it was effected p As to tho condition of things around thom ho (Dr Ci ow thor) was not prepared to moko vaguo assertions which ho could not provn bul whon assertion« woro made by htm of facts which ho behoved, instead of calling for proofs, tho personal statement of ono like himself should bo received without tho imputation of iinng moro insinuation, or words whioh woro unwarrantable His Lordship, in )UB Pastoral, told his clerg) dis tinctly that they might roly on his rofusal to yield to any pressure whatsoovor, which would interfere with their individual fioodom , and his Lordship had reiterated it to day He rogrotted that tho observations of bia Lordship left the matter as it was It loft it in tho same position as whon the session of Synod closed llie Bishop had referred to tho privileges of the clorgy, and that ho did not wiBh to intorforo with thom, but «uroly this now idoa of oxaltod coremonial,w Inch was tho causo of ofienco, should bo ropresscd Thooleig) had mado vows to ondeavour to banish strango doctrino from the land, and some definite suggostion wasieqnirod at his Lordship's hands, so that ho should not wait for individual charges to bo investigated in tho Ecclcsias deal Court, which would invoho a largo amount of cost, and waste of timo nie Lordship hud said m his Pastoral "Wbatovor moves tho dovout foolings of the people, or witnesses to tho simple loisons of Christ's Gospel is to bo oncouiaged," but surol) tho corcmoninl that WOB SO much axaltcd did not movo the dovout foolings of tho pooplo ' Rather did it not savour of the superstition of tho Middlo Ages did it not bring thom back to the timo whon mon's con- sciences woro offondod, and whon suporstitious extravagances producod suoh n rovolt of fooling as to lead te tho assertion of Protestant truth at tho Re- formation P His Lordship told them not to bo too ourious to enquire whethor tho clorgy woro designated as High, or Low, or Broad Churchmen Thov woro not curious on that point, hut thoy woro conon« to know whothcr tho hooks thoy circulated tondei to lond tho mombors to Romo or not Tho Doctor hero produced a book which had boon placed in his hands by a lad), a momberoi tho Established Church, "Tho Little Pra)or Book," intended ohiolly for bcginnors in dovofion, rovisod and ooneotod by throo priests, und obBervod that whon thoy found placed in the hands of joung pooplo a book ofthat description, it was timo for tho practioo to bo censured and condomncd, or tho clorgy who porsiBtod in tho practice had much bettor walk over to Homo as Now man did Ho (Dr Crowtbor) would read tt fow oxtracts to show that thoro was rtauso for alarm - " The maiiuoi of Confession Knoel by your ghostly father, make tho Sign of the Omss and siy-lu the Namo of tho author aud of tho Sou, io Pra), fathei, give mo your blessing, for I havo muued I confesa to Almighty dod, before all tho Compmy of Hoavon, and to you, my father that I havo sinned . . For those and foi nil other sins which I cannot now i onumbor, I am heartily sorry I losolve novel to commit thom again, and most humbly ask | ardon of God, and poiianee, couuaol, aud absolution of you my ghostly fathei n'horeforo I pruy God to hnvo pity on mo. and that nil «io Company of Honvon, and you, my fathor, may pray to the Lord our God for mo " Dr Crowther said ho thought the) could havo nothing more Romish thnn that, nothing moro glaring had «vor emanated from tho Roman Cathoho pross As to tho Sacrament of tho I ord'» Snmior - ' At tho words, This is My Body, This is My Blood, Jou must bollovo that tliu broad and vvino become the i T y nml Blood w"" tl>0 s,ml Ä,Itl Go"beml of dçius Christ ; bow down your bpnit ami body in deepest adoration when tbo I'riost says thoso Awful Wonls, mid worship your Saviour thou voiily aud Indeed promeut on Hu Altar." I io not, (aid tho Doctor, think tho Roman Catholics could havo moro positivo dirootiona than thoso. _ 'If you aro wakeful in tbo night, tiy lo repeat any lanlms, Pravois, or Hymns thut you know, especially »nyimiyor« for tbo dead." "">'..> plnood in tho hands of yoting porsons, who »to discriminate P Thon as to tho oonsoorntion of the elomonts : Al the Consecration, ndoio your Cod and Saviour, {""V Piesont, and say-Hail, Suviug Viotiui, offorod on We iteo of the Ctoss for me und for nil mankind." There waa alto a distinot prayer to tho Virgin Mary "J the language of tho KomiBh Church ; " Mary, Mary." That book had boon plucod in his (Dr. wowiher'sl hands by a lady ; and therefore that Portion of the Memorial that corlain books contain- ing subtle poison were «bown to be in use in tho doc*«, vu frond to be tra«. With reward to ceremonial, it was diifioiilt to define that which was considered a causo of ollbnce or tho rovorso ; but ho (Dr. Crowther) thought that when Good Friday carno it was a day on which they had causo for rojoicing, and when thoy saw a church draped in black, and everything possible done to follow the practico of tho Hamish Church in the service on that day, tbo Memorial which stated, "that some practices and ceremonies of a superstitious character, and contrary to the dootrino and usage of tbo Church of England aro beginning to tako root in this diocese," was horno out. His Lordship had issued his 1'aetornl, but ho (Dr. Crowther) assured him in the minds of tho laity the alarm had not diminished. They believed those books had oxistonco in tbo diocese, thoy found thom in the hands ol' tbo young people, and that thoy woro ?till in circulation, and in thal respoct tbo Memorial was fully supported. The Doctor (referring to the resolution of eynod, asking his Lordship to admonish tho clergy, and his statoment that insinuations of an unwarrniituble character bad been putforwardandthat n groat deal had been said in and out of Synod that was destitute of truth), observed the memorialists were not prepared, as members of the Church, to rest quietly under exiting circumstancos. No one could lose sight of what was transpiring, and it remained for them to protest to tho llishop without being obliged to go into specific charges, and thoy hoped, when the muss of laymen felt it incumbent on them to address his Lordship, ho would acknowledge that they did not sot forward anything that could not bo said with truth. They trusted tho signatures to the memorial would show that congregations, as well as members of the Synod, wero in earnest, and that thoy would not rest satisfied until a definito ordor woro issued by his Lordship that only such books should be used in the ministrations of clergymen of the Established Church as wore strictly in accordance with the Thirty-nine Articles. Dis Lordship, it appeared, did not object to " diversities in ritual, nor did ho look for oxuot ngreomont in dootrino." The words woro significant. Tho Memorialists did, and with ovory fooling of doforonco to his Lordihip wero dotormined, as far as in thom lay, that tho Faith and Ceremonies of tho Church, as settled at tho Koforuiation, should bo adhered to. His Lonusiiip : That is expressed in tho Pastoral. I say, " Within tho limitB laid down." Dit.CnoWTiiEii: We are desirous of keopingtho faith which basstoodthotcstofthreebundredyoars,thefnitb for which our forefathers died, u faith which does not require tho questionable and extraneous aBsistnnco of the ritualist to add to its saving efiicacy, a faith, that from tho hour of its manifestation has boen found sufficient unto Salvation,and ono whiob, if thoroughly belioved in, insures peace both hero and hereafter. The good old days must not only bo taught, but walked in, and that will not bo through the medium of ceremonial, but the Spirit ; not tho creature, but the Creator. We aro propared to tako exception to that which wo beliovo to ho innovation, whether as to doctrine or ritual ; whether as to books or ceremonies, and that all causo of offence shall bo removed, but to insure this we urge upon your Lordship, in accordnnco with tho prayer of tho Memorial, to adopt " such measures that all reasonable ground for alarm may bo at once taken away." In - reply to your Lordship's observation that you do not object to diversities in ritual suited to the tastes und wishes of the pooplo, I would say if those divcn-iticB in ritual do not Buit the bulk of the congregations, it is time for somo members of the ohurch to bring thom under your notice, and not to wait until error be perpetuated. The object is to remove^ everything which has the semblance of a leaning to Rome; and who is to restrain it but the Bishop, and I think when a body like tho memorialists say thoy believe that such practices aro taking root, it is necossary for your lordship na far as your power enables you, without sotting tho law in absoluto motion to hnvo those causes of offonco re- moved. Tho Doctor alluding to tho Bishop's state- ment that ho hud not recoivod a complaint from any of the congregations, observed tint ns a momhor of on3 church ho found a largo numbor of individuals bad loft, and that one third of tho congregation was made up of membors of other churches to tho ex- clusion of tho older members, and when ho (Dr. Crowtbor) heard somo of them remark on the services of that Church it was evident thoy went there from motives of curiosity rather than from a desire to worship, nnd that tho largeness of tho con- gregation ought not to milituto against tho exprossod opinions of individuals who looked at things from n different stand point. In conclusion, Dr. Crowther snid ho had nothing moro to do than to oxpress his own opinion and that of tho rcBt of tho deputation ; that thoy had no dosiro to derogate from his Lordship's pastoral offico, or to forco on tho Bishop, in any way, that which thoy believed to bo right ; thoy did not wish to insinuate what could not bo provod ; thoy wished for everything to bo dono in order. But as well-wishers of tho Church, and friends of the cause of truth, thoy expressed their opinion that tho simplo truths of Protestantism woro onough to save men at largo, and thoy wished thom taught, and tho services of tho Church carried out in a manner so that no ollbiieo might bo entinad. Tho Hon Mr Krwimii \ rose to say n fow words As to his LordBbip's remark that tho Momonal bud not spontnnoousl) emanated from tho lait), he (Mr Kennorloy) sind ho was not awnro of it until ho entered that room Ho was pioparod to inform his Lordship that many of tho lay mombors of the Chinch felt that tho Memorial pioscntod from somo of the clei g> tho session boforo last did not rcoeiv o that consuloration which its nnportnnco deserved Tho members of tho Chnroh who were nnxions to preserve in this Diocoso tho distinctive character of tho Church of Pnglnnd is tho Reloimol Church, \iowtd with alarm tho introduction of nnv practices aud ceremonies of a character contrnrv to tho doctrino und usngo of tho Chnroh of Tngland in this Colon), tending to destro) the work of tho last throo bundiod years as alluded to b) Dean Cox in tho S) nod Ho said thcro wns a school in England of that character, and the Memorialists considorod with bun that thora was c mso for suspicion and distrust from what had already takon placo boro The laitv of tho present da) wero a class of mon vor) difloiont to thoso with whom thoclorgv hadtedoalsovoralhundrod yours a^o the) coul 1 road and think for tliomsolíos and did not surrondci their hodios nnd souls to dog nintic teaching, of confessedly a fallible character as rogarded both tho tenohors and tho taught Tho «implo truths of tho Gospel as contained in the New Testament worn what thoy desired to havo preachod and piaotised and the simpler tho forms and owemomos of tho Church woro, tho morothov woro in unison with Apo«teho teaching 'Iho Memorial was Bignod b) mombors of tho Church of Bug land onlv, mnn) who woro not mombors, but had a great respoct for thn Church, wanbi hn o boen glad to hnto signed also, had it not bonn ro stricted to tho hut) of the Church itself Those porsons, mombors of othei com in unions, folt a doep intei oat in tho w olfaro of tho Church of England and in *ho prevention of thoso misoluofs which tho ntun hstio tcndoncies of tho ago woro calculated to pro- duce Ho (Mr Konnorlov) next alluded to anothor portion of tho Bishop s ropl), with respect to tho im- putation of certain practices, not founded in truth ITnniinnnnndhiqTnrdfll mnllnrlml to Mr Rarnaril who ho regretted, was away at Sydney for tho benefit of his health. Ho (Mr. Konncrloy) happened to bo awaro of tbo circumstances, und how til o aubjoot was brought boforo air Barnard, also tho whola mothod by whioh it wns investigated,and tho result ; and as far as his (Mr. Konnerloy'8) judgment went, Mr. Bnrnard wns not in any way to blnmo in tho innttor ; ho noted in an honournblo and straightforward manner. The Very Rev. tho Donn wns first mudo ncqnaintod with tbo nhargo», and if any portion of that reply meant to blaine Mr. Barnard especially, ho (Mr. Konnorloy) could not ngrou with his Lordship. Ile had soon tho correspondence, in fact it wns in his pos- session, Mr. Barnard having desired that if any thing wore said to his disparagement in his absonco, ho (Mr. Konnorloy) WBB froo to bring it forward or m uko it publia. In roferenco to what woro called Dissontors - although in this colony it was a misnomer-thoy woro interested in tho wnlfnro of tho Church of tho futuro, and would bo prepared to unite willi tho Chiiroh of England in hor ministra- tions. But if thoy lind tho honost intention to endeavour to obtain tho union named in tho Synod, tho first thing thoy must do was to purgo thomsolvos from the praoticos roforrod to in tho Momoriul, and whioh worn to a cortain oxtont taking root in this colony. Ho did not wish to bo porsonal, but ho could not holp referring to tho proBCnoo in the dioceso of a olorgymnn who wns known to have curried out ritualistic practices in London ; and ho wished to bo informed whothor that olorgymin had nny liconco from tim Bishop to perform olorical duty. From the fact of his boing hore it was by _ many prosumed that ho was tbo primo movor, instigator, and tutor in thoso objortionablo prácticos. That there was such an individual hore, who was notorious for ritualistic praoticos at homo, wns not consistent with tho position thoy took in tho dioceso ¡ and ho (Mr. Konnorloy) boliovnd tim luity of tho Churoh of England in all thoso colonies profosiod to, and would adhere to tho determination to banish from the Church all thoso ritualistic praoticos whioh do Biioh dnmngo to tbo Church in tho mother country. Tho BISHOP remarked that ho did not know that ho could add to what ho bud nlrontly stated, llnfor onco had been mndo to tho draping of tim Holy Table in a church on Good Friday in black. If that were oflenaivo to tho congregation ho should havo boon informod of it, and ho would havo taken stops to remedy it. His Lordship said ho was glnd In hour what, lind bran stated bv Dr. Crowther, that it Wim very iindosirablo to put in forco the extremo powor of the law, and nothing but irrnmodinhla dillloultios would justify such action, Tho diffi- culty ho, as Bishop, felt was how far ho was justified in interfering with a clergyman who was complained of. If ho (tho Bishop} took tho 28lh Article of tho Church, it said, "Tho Body of Christ is givon, taken, and oaten, in tho Supper, only after an heavenly and spiritual mannor." Tho olorgymnn roforrod to had constantly in his hearing said that tho prcsoncoof Cluist in tho Snoramont was only ina spiritual sonso, and as far us ho (the Bishop) know, ho had novar soon anything that oould bo interpreted as opposed to tho tenets of tho Church of England, Thou it had boon said in the Synod hy Mr. Barnard that improper questions had boon put by a clergyman to a young fomulo, hut whon that statement ramo to bo sifted it was not substantiated, and ho (tho Bishop) blnmod Mr. Barnard for not coining forward and saying ha WSB mistulcon, nnd that ho had mado a statement whioh was without foundation, Mr. IvENNBiu.KY ; That statement had foundation. The Biauoi* : Then I must state the circumstances. Theohargo was that improper questions had been put at an interview betwooa a clergyman and a young woman ho knew waB about to bo married to a man who was not a member of the Ohuroh. That was made known to my son, who took an interest in tho young woman, and who thought the young man wns likely to draw her away from religious feeling. She felt aggrieved at first, but she now sees the thing in the right light, and has broken off the union. Mr. KENN-EnLF.Y : That waa one case. The Bisiior said anothor case «as referred to by anonymouB writers, but ho was prepared if Mr. Konnerloy would only bring proof to investigate it. Why was not his challenge accepted P That had boon tho mistake from the first ; a com- plaint of that kind should be montionod to the Bishop ; hut when once named in tho Synod, he should decline to entertain it except in nn offioial mannor. If a case wore named to him privately he should bo prepared to use his influonco te remedy anything that was objectionable. In answer to the petition which stated that "prácticosandcoromoniesof a suporstitious character and contrary to the doctrine and usago of tho Church were boginning to take root in tho diocese," he said ho had always been ready to interpose when a case was put before him in a tangible way, but thoy must not como in public, and attempt to brow-beat him. His (the Bishop's) principles wore more lihoral than thoy gavo him credit for. Had ho been in tho dioceso at the time of the old discussion, he should have been on the opposite sida-but that in passing. He had not seen at St. John's anything with a single exception that exceeded tho liberul limits of the Church. It was said by Mr. Barnard that the offices of the Prayer Book should be adhered to, and had anything boen done or said that went beyond the statement in the office for Visitation of the Siok, which Mr. Barnard said the clorgy should limit themselves to P In that office they found the following : " Hore shall tho sick person be moved to make a special confession of bin sins, if ho feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which con- fession, the priest shall absolve him, if he humbly and heartily dosii o it, after this sort-Our Lord Jesus Christ, who bath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repeut and believe iu Him, of His gi eat mercy forgive theo thine offences. And by His authority com- mitted to mo, I absolve theo from all thy sins, in the name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." And then in the Ordering of Priests it is said : " Receivo the Holy Ghost, Ac, whoso sins thou dost forgive thoy aro forgiven ; and whoso sins thou dost retain, Ihoy aro retained." He (tho Bishop) just pointed out those things to show the wisdom of not forcing on any question of that kind. The only way was that they had adopted -though ho was torry it was not in Synod-to ask i tho Bishop to use his influence to stop practices they behoved to bo unwarranted. But the Bishop must take caro not to interfore unnecessarily between a minister and his congregation. There was no proof | that this book-produced by Dr. Crowther, whioh he [ was not propared to find fault with or to justify, as he had not soon it before-had been circulated sinco he issued bis Pastoral, and thoy were bound to show him thnt the admonition contuined in the Pastoral had not takon effect. In future he would ask thom not to request him to do what bo had no power to do, but simply if they knew of any thing wrong not to bring it forward in Synod, not to oxplain it in the presB, but to mention it to him, and leave him to take whut Bteps he thought right. His Lordship thought now there was an understanding I betwoon thom. If they showed him there WBB truth in a statement ho would examine into it and use his personal influenco to try and arrest any injury. Ho denied that hore there was anything like Ritualism a» thoy called it at home. When be carno to the dioceso ho found books in uso of a moro objoctionable oharactor than now, and thoso had been withdrawn by his personal influence. Ho referred to Oatlands whoro ho found ritualistic proceedings going on, whioh he restrained, such us that which the memorial- ists in this instance considered objectionable. Mr. KEKNBHLEV said ho ugrood with his Lordship that it was indiscreet of Mr. Barnard to bring forward the matter in Synod in tbo first instanco, although there was a foundation for it ; although it disclosed a system of the uso of,tbo Confessional, whioh ho (Mr. Konnorloy) was not aware of. Ho would aBk his Lordship us to tho praotico in this dioceso ; if it was the practico for single women to confess separately to their ministor and to bo bound to answer P Ho asked whethor such a practice should continue in the dioooso.or whether his Lordship would usehisinfluenco to stop it P As to writing in tho newspapers he would say ho had not wiitten one lino in the newspapers, nor had ho contributed in any manner to aproad in- sinuations. But it had been disclosed to him that young women had been examined and confessed in tho clergyman's presonco, and a number of questions asked of a family character. Was it dono elsowhoro P Ho hnd hoard that elsowhoro thoro was a practice of having two young womon confessed at a time ; but ho would like to know how far the practice of tho Confessional was to bo enrried, and how far the questioning was to go ? What safeguard waB there if clergymen woro to be allowed te put questions of an inquisitorial churnctor, and wore young womon to bo called into tho Confessional before the clergy- man consented to marry thom ? Tho Bisnor said a clorgyman had his own con- science te satisfy, and ho had n right to put qnostions important to the spiritual well being of his flock. As to the Confessional, it was not improper, and was in accordance with what he had quoted from tho Prayer «nut Mr. KKN'NEHT.EY : I don't say it is improper, but it is inquisitorial. I again bog to nsk is it desirablo that tho practico should bo maintained of young womon boing confessed singly P The BISHOP : All Ï can say is thnt for thirty or forty yoors I belonged to the Low Church at home, and workod with them in building up an important institution, and I saw all my candidatos singly. A man has no right to be trustod as a olorgyman if he cannot properly examine candidates singly. It is universally allowed before persons are admitted to confirmation. Sir. KENNEULEY : When a statement of one sido is to bo bolibvod. und that on the other.disputod ? The BiBiior : Well, no power on oar'th should pre- vent me from doing it, and I think no olorgyman could do bia duty satisfactorily without it. His Lordship then reiterated his observations as to the coursehe would adopt if proof woreufforded in any par- ticular case. He wont on to say : Don't infer that any thing I havo written or said is against the spirit of the action yali havo taken to-day; butin futureyou must not nppoar to force mo to do anything I havo no power to do ; for, though olergymon aro bound to obey tho Godly admonition of tho Bishop, thoy aro never bound to oboy Godly admonition by tho Synod. j I will do all I can, by my intluonco, to rectify what may bo seen to bo wrong. Wo are agreed as to the great spirit of the movement, but I disagroo as to the I action taken in tho Synod. I disagree ns to the modo thnt bus. boen adopted ; but weare quite at one as to tho objoct. Dr. CnowTiiKn explained that thoy had no desire to brow-beat tho Bishop, or to act against him. What thoy objected to was, among other things, tho manner and mode of the confessional. Tho BISHOP : I must ask you for the parties to whom you impute impropriety. Mr. KENNEULEY : Wo havo named two oaso»; my Lord. And I wiall to ask for information, on behalf of tho laymen, whothor their daughters aro to be ad- mitted singly and confessed p Tho BISHOP : Certainly not. If a vory young woman-wishes to confoss hor faults to the clorgyman, sho should, in most casos, bo accompanied . by her parent. I boliovo a falso charge was made, I havo asked my son and ho told mo that nothing approach inrr In ivVint- mni nni>l tnnt tOnnn Mr. KENNEIILEÏ : I beg to ask another quostion ; whether it has been tho practico of calling on young women whon going tobo married, before married, to bo confessed, making a sacrament of murringo P Tho BISHOP : I am not awaro of nnything of tho kind having boon done. His Lordship hero roforred to tho ohaplain of Port Arthur. Mr. KENNRHI.EV : I don't boliavo that gentleman has any right in this diocese, and ho would confess to avery charge mado against him. Tho BISHOP said from nil that ho could leam Mr. Hayward had only circulated tho Pilgrim's Progress and a work usod by sanction of his prodocossor, Stops to tho Altar. Dr. Cuowruuu boro said that book was not sanctioned by his Lordship's prodocossor, and the Doun confirmed that statement. The Bisiioi' said when nt Port Arthur hn had not soon anything ohjootionablo, but ho had sinco boon told that Mr. Hayward had had somo candios on the Holy Table nt an early service, and ho had written to know whothcr thoso candles woro usod for purposes of light, or not. Thoro might bo something to blnmo in that. As to that book that Dr. Crowther had pro- duced, ho at first thought it wns ono roforrod to at tho Synod, but it was not, and he had nevor soon it boforo. Dr. CUOWTIIER : That shows that thero is ono mare book in uso ; so that the Momorial, in that rospect is homo out. Thon thoro uro tho altar drappod in black, crossos on coffins, and in prncosiions. Tho BISHOP : As for the black on tho altar, AS I said boforo tho congregation made no complaint ; and with respect to crosses on coflins.thnt is no innovation, for it is u practice used gonorully at homo by tho Wesleyans and othora. I may say, too, that sinco tho mooting of Synod the congregation of St. John's lina inorcasod, and tho ofTottory lins inoroasod na an expression of strone; fooling towards tho inoumbent. Dr. CROWTHER: A largo number of Nonconfor- mists attend tho ohuroh nt time». Tho BISHOP in reference to symbol, ohsorved that it appealed to human foolings of consoientioiiB minds, hut ho would toko caro that the symbols woro not of falso doctrino. If thoy could show him an ¡nstmco h" ""."1,1 infnrnni» Mr. KENNEULHY: That ís what sacordotalism oxults in and that is matter of complaint. Mr, John SLY referred to information he had re- ceived rospooting Mr. Hayward from a gontloman who rosidod at Kow, in Victoria, but who boing in Hobart Town attendod tho meotinga of Synod, and took a doop intorost in tho proceedings ; the gontlo- man remarking in respect to Mr. Huywurd'a being rocoived hero that Tasmania would become the Ritualistic diocese of the colonies. The BISHOP ox pressed his disbelief in the state- ments mado in Victoria about Mr. Hayward, and of his using incense, &o.; Ho (tho Bishop) had heard from Sir W. Stawell that the Bishop did not depose Mr. Hayward, hut although he had ordained him Deacon, »imply would not admit bin» to priait'» ordors. On his leaving his frionds subscribed and sent him hore with £600 in his pockets. The deputation were thanked by his Lordship for the patience with whioh thoy had heard bim, and then retired. When speaking of the cases mentioned in the discussion, his Lordship several times intimated the undesirablenoss of their going to the publio, with- out explanation. 