MURPHY'S CREEK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) BOXING-DAY was ushered in here with most charming weather, of which holiday makers at broadcloth and fustian, silks and print-, availed themselves in large numbers. Wash's iron pony was more than double-banked in eve. j t. pp by young and old from both ends of the line, did the throng thickened by numerous pedestrians, equestrians, and equestriennes from every nook and color of Taylor's Parish, High- fields. Toowoomba, Helidon, Gallon, Ipsv 'oh, and B 'shine. The course horizon oval mile, through the properties of Messrs. Canty, Dunne, and Chapman, almost in face of the Railway station, and from tliO|.'»tform of which, through the courtesy of Mr, Ifuugli, the little ones Bofoly enjoyed a safe stand-point and full view of the numerous sport of the day, which were the following Mr. I'mnott Davis acting as judge ; Mr. Thomas Dawn larter and Mr. Brittain, clerk of the course-, ria right well did they do their duty. HURDLERACE. Twice round the course, over 6 hurdles 3 feet 6 inches high. Mr. Turner's Creep . (curley) 1 Mr. O'Connor's Miss «T.okson . 2 Three horses started for this race. Creep taking the loud and maintaining it throughout, and jumping a" less hurdles in gallant style, MIsS Jackson closely (enough, and Valances' Nugget third, but for whom the piece was evidently too hot. On going round the second time Nueaol caught his hind feet in the last hurdle, falling heavily on his jaw, which snapped with a crack as if from a pasteboard after bleeding profusely, the poor animal gave up the ghost, Uiaildcr was severely shaken, but luckily escaped without broken bones. SECOND RACE MAIDEN PLATE. Mr. WnughV Hercules Norths) 1 Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert 2 Mr. Burns's No Good 3 The horses got well away together, but a very few strides brought Hercules to the front, which he kept until a little more than half way round, when M'Donald, calling on Dixon's little mare, she surely passed her opponent, and would evidently have won the race, but her jockey could not keep her from bolting, thus giving Hercules an easy victory. Engin RACE-THE NAVIES RACE. Mr. Duncan's Duke ..,' "Charge)) 1 Mr. A Attwell's Kangaroo Owner) 2 Mr. Hemmant's Mad Cap. 3 The running in this race evidently has no trees Duke and Kangaroo, both horses being a good match for condition and speed, and equally well jockeyed. , Formal RACE THE FCJUC/NS' PtasK. Mc Marsh's Lucy (Owner) 1 \- Fly Away . ... 2 Mr. Eden's Bob Sidney won easily. Fine RACE.-Cos.-iLAiioN STAFF. Mr. Attwell's Kangaroo.(Mp-ab) Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert. Mr. Burns No Good Mr Attwell must have been most decidedly consoled by his Kangaroo, who was well run into by Miss Rupert ; but unfortunately she, on nearing the winning post, again swerved from the course, and left her opponent for a few yards to have it all his ow J way. SIXTH: RACE THE STOCKMAN'S 1 JBSE. Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert ... (Chisley) 1 Mr. Turner's Tarragon .... ... 2 Mr. Valcnco'e Gipsey . 3 ' In this race it was pretty well known that if Dixon's mare could be kept on the course she had speed and bottom enough to beat anything against her and being admirably ridden by Charley, he landed her on easy winner. SEVENTH RACE. FREE AND EASY. Mr. Brittain's Jessie. (Patterson) 1 Mr. Turner's Bess 2 Seven horses started for this race, and Tommy Dixon had great trouble to make them respect the green fia?. After two baulking they got away, and for about a quarter of a mile kept pretty fair com . pany. When near Chapman's slaughter-yard, however, Patterson woke up the gray, and she ran in rather an easy winner. FOOT RACING. First Race 150 yards. Clare. Second Hurdle Race. ... Clue. As a wind-up to the Christmas Sports, Johnny Dixon gave a free ball and supper, which, as might have been anticipated, were both bumpers. At knife and fork everybody seemed to play a very pretty gBtne. After the supper the host and hostess' health were proposed and responded to in bumpers, followed by three hearty cheers. Next came the devotees to Terpsichore, who needed and feed i' until bright Chanticleer proclaimed the morn. Several novel dances to the young natives were introduced, and known in the old country as the " Haymakers," by two local professionals, called forth encores and rounds of applause. Numerous picnic parties thoughout the day skirted the bends of the creek, and other spots so gifted by Nature to welcome the visitors for which Taylor's Parish is so famous. 