.The? submarine cable; from Australia to England is completed, and we read in some Victorian .newspapers! bf yesterday only, English news up to last Wednesday evening1. We liavo been prepared for this to some extent, but the realisation of the fact aris ing out of the/ perusal of ;th! ihielligehce) iii. a printed shape within , a few short hours after . it thad beenr received; has created a strange but hopeftil feeling/' Tonga , vita Irevis, is indeed now fully exemplified, for. after 'this, , ;the extent of improvemeiita in the world which art and science can effect is incalculable by comparison with . the tran sient esistenoer of v'maii. ' rjt is rbut:mere idleness and : folly to think oi:;i0k'now. about what our forefathers would " have to say if they could be' spirited to '1 'earth again. What may be effected by the new discoveries- of moderh'time.';is amatterforonr deepest cbntemplatipn ; > We 3ca.n; scarcely cornpre-! bend the gigantic nature -of :.these changes,, for although " all the world's, a 'stagej'.' the fanciful idea of the deep thinking dramatist must he abandoned except as an idea ; for " all the men and women" are i( merely, players" no. longer: An intensely grave' lesson is taught us in the value of time ; an immense reproof, silent yet certain, comes to us through the submai-ine cable beyond its electric appliances; for - sending us noise less tidings 'fr'6m"p'laces thousands of miles awav. The certainty, now understood, that we can hear of the doings of great/ nations at the other end of the world — nations which have swayed its destinies long before this part of it was known to exist — almost be fore we sleep again, has about it something appalling. The prophecy that "all man kind shall be as one people" is reaching its fulfilment, and we c-an conceive of no move forcible -and overwhelming argument in favour of true peace1 "amOng all civilised nations than the ability to send and inter change criticisms or, condemnations of fierce national prejudices and;: passions bn.'the in-- stmt , as it were;- The rmereahtile advantages to Australia arising . out of the, completion of the' cable ' it is scarcely, necessary 'even to hint at, so palpable and numorous are they and it is a comfort, ini _a negative shape,, perhaps, .but; still;, consoling, to be certain this country can no longer-, bo stigmatised as the refuge for. the- runaway. The old talk about"' shbep-walks and ! cohvictisin has long 'siiice' exploded. The 'long sea cable" has sealed our bond of -perpetual freedom from the insinuations which folly has been prompted to make through ignorance. We wish we had, however, a little more, internal freedom in the adv.anlages'tKe/sxibmarine cable will afford us, although these "kfe bound to; come ';b efore ;lon g/ 'jYe.allude/to, the creation of pendtios, for transcribing messages either wholly or in part from Mel" bourne papers. ; It as I almost a- wonder that penalties were hot1 inffposed' /inf tile jn/eqpus ; Act of Parliament upon persons' wlio /choose, to talk abouLLhe Jatest . caWe - hewS, as 'elh as putting '.up a- Acrfipdf it uvef ; A/maiifel- piece/ But we cannot repine ; we"have j'oy among, us. that' the calfe/isompleted, anffit will b.e; odd indeed ifrsohie means will rn6t'': be found -to disseminate'1 "it-rin a legal mah- n€ir> hsure, -%it r tot read8;yhb-liybj far away from newspaper,idep6ts and those . places of conversation which ure tor.b.e found in- towns and-citids and Ather ' ' ' liusy liaiints of men." s. rr -v.;sc- One inofe'%ofd"6f"fw'(rweeriFneces- ; . fx 7 -- h - - i'ff- - «<-»-. rr- sarv heix te.saylJBihgdasidi subject- of; the iminediately.fbregpinggentences. .,6'ut of .the uon gr atulations .natui-ally misifig?fc om ( "the completion of this "grand project of communication nomes .the .Vconsideratdou: 'of what should.be,. our; self-held duties : as Aus- "::>J M V>.; f. -t\ \ C> I - ' tralians. , , We/Lave had, and are indeed now, enjoying, - the satisfaction- of-knowingxthat" thousands are experiencing tile valueof' the productive ; ; capacity, of Au6'traliar'foJ :fdod" and clothing,- and that vast/ opportunities haye beeii created for a bbuhBless 'field of employment and? money, .succpss; as .woll- 1 as our national -advancement. Now that, we need no longer work in the dark, and can clearly , understand the; -terms of contracts before we make ' them, 'a n ewv impetus will- be giveh 'alike1 the1 uapiMist ;and work-; In an J Wo . canJicas fc .aLou t .l.for . many appli-; ancos for b.usinesses.wHich have' hitherto been passed by because of the/uncertainty relating; fdHomumarkbts, /'and! caif;fiby|know 'M Jsaferj i>Aqtlx©i oneMnd /ahff ment on ihe otherI£aplr ifrwehaverm-uchi longer to pay ten nand 'itwelyeapecQufo;to jBankandl mprtgagOeal upon safe seciirities, ; wo /shall be greatly ;mstakn.' --G:TliS rislc Ffi 'lonGdira -itediPus "comihVMcations; _jv/asi. the t cause\/pf thesp- high rates/gaiAdoUbf; .but; they must "how he abolished, we fancy. Of course allusion ias/nqt/ffere, made to small! hand-to- moihhaffeira%BuT;?to those large! and; compreFenmyey'dGalings1/ which make; countries anMnxiniBesMreat and pros-; perous. ? The . preparffionrylhMiufeh of England Bazaar, on theyll) th"of ; tfex tL/hd are going onl with.: vigour 'AQdi.si)U,/&h.;(hlgrefttre?iiinc6 is placed on the attractions" "which '-wiiK.be offered. The . - i" - i ! j /;>'. .M i .. - inhabitants, of this district,, we ; are happy to say, afall/ times evince a. cheerfulfbadiness; to promote any intrinsically good, /purpose, and a better one; than lhat'now.; before/ the public cannot?be found. Within the week in which the bazaar commences; the.old folks at; home may perhaps kuow how weil these things can be managed in the new country. The Oddfellows- lj3aif:S at ' Avcica,' ' everybody; knows will be held on Tuesday next, but everybody doekr«pi knqvv ;thAcprhparatioris"are; pn foot to make it a real t riumph, Success is a mild terra and is so.ofteu .used that .tlie wordBecomes; epicene or doutful. in the way of promise. Certainly be longs to the announcements made' of this ' celebra/ tion, and we are half afraid to Bint ' even at the' , ball, as a glorious flutter of muslins comes before 'our eyes; Music and dancing of the best — when fcombiued— are bewildering,, even in anticipation, whicli some philosophers'have a ve rred exce eds. the reality," We shall see. > r... ; ; ; To be. dumb is sometimes . a blessing, for then you cannot commifperjury;i?im;Wce.-:e;To be deaf is, aLmany..and .ofLtimes a. comfort, -when-brawling- either-jiu, court, parliament-pf - taye'rn- jisgoing'bh ; but t b' be blind in- competitive displays of our 'floral and horticultural beauties is .simply " a shame," as /we heard a pair of lips— of course ruby— say the 'other day. Isit ahvaySuo be.VVup like/ a rbckej 'and doivn like- the stick ?" That's what we want to .know. Are we to have any more flower shows ? Are our glorious' young 'gooseberries "to go in accordance with their color ? Our correspondent; " Fpra"; is right about the compiairit she makes, but! it is not altogether Mr Ford's fault. His gardeu is full of beauty and bloom, and the strawberries— well, when/yV ; u Avoca Horticultural Society, Limited " j We learn" that" the: tenders for the erection of the new Avoca Post Office were opened oh Thurs-: day, that of Mr William Atkinson/ of this town, being the successful one for a sum of £1,088 10s. There is a ghost at Amphitheatre i No meta phorical thing like the banshee or brownie of Ireland, the ghoule of Turkey, the. ghinn of India, or the diavolo in disguise, of Italy ; but some disembodied spirit, haunting a quiet but not unsensational or un- romantic neighborhood ; tall it is in figure, my s- 1 terious;in; movement, apd so ,far. indescribable in j plain'"prose'that' rhyme" caif only give a' faint description. It is seen, in the solemn; midnight hour , And .earlier; too by the lightof the moon, And beareth a strange and dreadful power ' ''Steadily moving on like a balloour-. . Ko ''move on" the stern ppifcemahwill utter, , ....... \- . ; x -Eor '' Dhnl a word" would lie : like to mutter. ; . Not so high as the gum trees, but many feet— ' Without its boots— for it makes ho noise; ; - And the darling girls wonTgo out in the street./ 3 And the matron's are warning their little boys ; . \- And American cousins not given to fits, Are becoming half frightened out of their nits. > . .. . .Some say t'is a warniiig,. and .others '.'a lark. " i , . . But one tiling is true of tills awful sight, 'ihatit hinders soft whisperings after dark ,? ( And is terror to maiden and gallant kuigiit ; . r. j | - . It is clothed in white; so those do' say," ' ' "Who have caught but a glimpse imd then— ran away- Itniaketh the households full: of dread,- " :- ! v|And' even the Bird's Wests will sometimes juake > - AM thelitthi qncowSvdown intd their bea,-; ! Hf?" , ip;the-very air itsblf avouIcI shakie— ' 1 ; ; t- T'is no use to boast,/- , For now ruleth the roast Each niglit the Great Amphitheatre Ghost ; : - .-v svy-iifM ;,r ' '.'v r ; -a ./ yn"; v At the Avoca Police Court ou Wednesday Mr 0\. W . Carr P. ;M. took his seat at the usual, time but, to use,a sporting phrase, it was a " blank day"' with thjevexceptiqti,Q.f, the revision .of , tvyo / or. three voters'- lists!a mere formal affair.""1 ' / ' - 1 " ! : i ' : it?' U/lj" . v; ;The.October Sittings bf the A vocarCbunty Court will .be hejd on Monday . .next .before His . Honor Judge Hackett.v The list vcontains sixteen cases only, some of which either , have been or are not urilikelyjo be Jsettledy while|;others / are pretty sure fo'lead l o the usual legal/controversies, as there may "be a touch of the Ghost Of; Hamlet's father, in the " way of " speculation" about the eyes of one or two .of the litigants.. We do not .say so," but/if .this Court. r be an.'exceptiqn t o the general run of others, ;it -will : be a marvel and a consol ation / to . th ose > wh o thiuk lighfly ;ofi the legal fratprnity. - / The'Goo'd T em plar's L'odge is making excellent; progress- in Avoca; --.We are-infornied by; the hon secretary, that already -twenty- two i members have been' enrolled uponaffTfemof initiation and ,rop.teryliand the>iobjectl!s-hot 6hly 'to fecTaitn thO drunkard ,3bufftb:/provide (rational' amusement among its membere. Tlfent ranee fees .are very small, the 'order wilFij held onriHlie 1st- of 'November M The hew' lodgb is dtsignated'Tlie, GOod EndeayOjUriT,- j '//i a v i — There may be some farmers? iii /this district who are not aware that means have been found'for exter" minuting the sorrel weed now becoming so preva lent throughout the colony. The method is simple, and consists merely in giving a; good sowing of. ;salt before a slight shower or a heavy dew. : Mr . A. Webb, J.P., miller, of Carisbrook, in the interests of the farmers has made a number of: experiments, and states that in every case he has found salt an efficacious exterminator of the weed when usISlfih the manner- stated. Li/A curious" Vptciriien of geology is to be seen in Aypca. While quarrying some stone for the foun- -dation of a house building by Mr W. Trevena, he found a piece. on which appears a kind of lignite impression partly like the grain of wood and bear ing the semblance of a landscape and bay of water. It is of a hard shale formation, is on a smooth surface, and of course is accidental, but" it is very curious notwithstanding, and if it will bear a var nish should be preserved and sent to the geological section of the Museum at Melbourne or Ballarat. i Subsidies have been allotted by' Government to the following. Shires 'for/the j curfent/half -yeair | Avoca £867 5d. 3d. Bet Bef£628 I2sl St Arnatid; £949 2s. ,- /J., ' : ..I..; ! J. It is with prbfound/regret we. read in .the cable' news from England of the death; byi!su|cide,ipf.pne, . of si th ei mos t leminen "t- n:glisli!j j udges,U$lr : ! Justice iMrilles.cnIThe cahsevofhisde'ath is ascribed rto gout j \- on -the brain, a strange buB'fearfuP £diekse,'"i A ? gentl&man;/c'bhhected with this paper had an iriti— ' . "ijHiewouuo ; : ; 4 r < mate knowledge of the late judge, having travelled wjthhim qp:,two.sMze.crcmtS<in;EnglahdJ ;(;Hb was about the last man who could; be supposed to commit .self-destruction j " except under J such a frightful pressure of paiaas he mhSt iiaWendufed. He was abstemious tp a degree in his habi ts, and a learned and thought (ulgen tleman and .impst »- pains taking judge.. vHei was /borni in -Irelandj and was educatedunilBublin, ahdiwas; one nof ; the f yery - few instances of mfomot ion !to1 the ' judicial Bench While v.;' ; !? evv i-ii'l > J "i;. ;: . wearing .a stuff gown . .. At, -the, . commencenien t - of. his' first circuit he kne wrnot hing i com parativel y. o'f criminal law, but/he soon :acqui'red a full grasp -of it;- The-meahs by- which' the fatal act. .was'/cqmrnitted are not' niohtioned. . !//,//. /./' ' ; ;. Our .readers will be pleased .to dearh that Mr Charles Pearson, son of . Mr C.: K. Pearson,- of Geelong, and for many years resident" of Avoca, has passed his examination as a contract 'surveyor, i and is now authorised, to effect surveys for the Board of Land and Works! ' The' appeal made by-' Mr! Brooks - Clay to the ' inhabitants of this- district, -'asking for 'aid to the gala; to take place on the Ilth -November for. ;the benefit of the 'fund's1 of the Maryborough Hospital, should not be disregarded ' ' As will be seen by an advertisemeht appearing in another column, a large and beautifully en- ; prayed plate of " the "meeting of Mr . Stanley : and D'r Livingstone will iSC'presenteAf'with the Australasian of Saturday next. The speci men copy forwarded to us is of a high order of merit, anAperaonsTequiring extra copies of the paper containing this engraving' will do well' to leave their orders immediately at the office of this Per. v " Melbourne Bunch." says, this week, with its well drawn illustration "Fair Play is Bouny Play;" and it' is only fair play to "remark that the week's work of pep, pencil, and grayer on Punch's part is of the best. The Almanac is promised .early, next I month ; and if it; embodies .half .the spirit which ! jhas characterised -the last few numbers, it should j be: snapped up— not snapped at— by everybody for ; home consumption, .nol j i .""The" Leader For the week con tains the . English j news received"this'week--i)y! 'tlieilirtcF European j telegraph, and other general news of interest to. up-country readers. . 7 ;r-, . 'iR/lvi!; 3" ! We take t he three following extracts from the | Ararat Advertiser. :- -r On Friday last a farm. labourer, at Horsham .was bitten on the finger by . snake. The man had presence of mind and deter-1 ; mination enough to make his wife cut out the part 1 bitten with a razor as soon as possible after the ; accident." He" then went to Dr Lawton, who. ! injected ammonia after ProfessoFHalfprd's pregcrip- | tion, and also applied it'-locally.j .The. patient was j slightly drowsy, but soon recovered. In this case r the efficacy of the alleged specific could .not be tested considering th© previous vigorous measures ; which had b-.en taken. ; The. man been harrowirtw I ' at the time of the accident, and the teeth of the j implement appeared to have scotched the snake. Believing itlo be powerless, he took the reptile in his hand to strike its head upon the harrow, when it turned and hit him. ' A fatal accident occurred at the Great Western on Friday last, to the wife of the bother of Mr Boberts, who keeps the Royal Mail Hotel there. The/ deceased .was . driving a 1 spring cart to Staweli with the view of taking two i of- her children to schodl, but when a short distance i from her house the oart upset and fell upon her, I killing her, it is surmised, within a very short time. Two. of the children were thrown clear of the cart,' and, these took back with them to the house the clothes which had been packed for their use j after this they sought aid at a neighboring farm. When assistance caine it was found that Mrs Roberts was dead, but that the other two children were unin jured, both of them being' found to be sleeping quietly underneath the trap, and by the side of their dead mother. The/cart fell upon the breast of the deceased. An inquest was he|d on Satur day, and a verdict returned in accordance with the facts narrated. The deceased was buried on Sunday last, and was followed to . .the grave by every; resident in; and /around the township. A sad case occurred at the.Ebenezer Mission Srationj near Lake Hindmarsh, among the Moravians theie The wife of one of the missionaries was confined, and medical aid was not called in, the result being that the unfortunate woman died -of hemorrage. It is said that these instructors of the natives pro fess the priuciples of ; the peculiar- people in' that they do.aiptV; on principle, obtain the -services of . doctors — depending .solely on the efficacy of prayer. ;The j Pleasant Oreeb Chronicle of Tuesday says: -r-One of those melancholy events which "for a . time completely overthrow the ordinary routine of affairs, occurred liere on Sunday 1 night. A nian named WilliahvOliver, who had" but recently arrived from Bendigo, met his death in a mys terious and anful' manner" by being /precipitated down the pump shafroh the claim knowh /as/Nos./ 10 and 11 North Scotchman's Reef, the. property of the Nova Scotia Company. 'The men, on coming to work, noticed nothing unusual, and it was not until some of them went to tber,lower level/and stood on the plates' at the bottom of the.; pump shaft that they saw .a quantity, af blood and, other substances-/ that at: once- told of a' lost' life. // Ou decending to .No. 5, level, situated/ about; 400ft. below the. surface, the shattered remains of a, ( man were found,' who was 7unfecpgnjsable by any of those present.. The1 body, "was .brought to. >the surface, and tlie'/ mining manager of No., 9, /Mr. Wallace, cl i m b ed u p " Ui e pii m p ' shaft by the. ladders . and : collected'-! the— urifortubate' ' math's" clothing, which had :.beentorn-U)ff -in-/his: decent |by .projecting , portions .of/ the spumpji.'efcA'U'Af- various places.. small pieces of-bohe were found/' The tleciased's. -right; /foot was driven ; completely' into'/his abdomen, and the -thigh sq far ..severed ; that' only' a; /tehiion cdnnecte d ,\\\ith.;; the , trunk.; Witli the cx cep tioh" of the face, the remains . were so terribly disfigured as scarcely to rwembie these of /a-;ltumanbein'gV'-:' ;In'a shprt time fsome persons, arrived at it/ffe''-t'sp.otlwho-":reccghfsed. ?'t ife'- mah"fas William Oliver, whom they had formerly7, worked ; with at Ballarat- and Bendigo.- /From various sources accounts of the places where deceased was ;last seeivare/to hand/ It would appear that on Sunday eveuing he took tea at James's boarding house, P/pper.Cleines street, and was- then in a semi intoxicated state. -He was next seen near Holt's hotel, wearing a brown coat,"and apparently quite drunk. One of his old mates saw him here and swears to the boots as being those he wore. At about 10 another resident of the town saw two men without coats somewhere between the hotel and the shaft in which the body was found. They were quarrelling, and seemed about to fight. It is presumed that one of these is tho deceased, and it is worthy of note that not a'vestigeof the brown coat spoken of ean be met with. There are only two ways in which he could have got into the shaft. One was by lifting the trap door, but this would he a laborious task for one man, and must be deliberate. The more rpasonable liy potliesis is that he crawled along the " T-bob," and fell i ff the end into the shaft. To do this, he must have got through a hole 2 ft 3 in by 1 ft 3 in, and may have done so for shelter or for refuge from his assaillant. At the inquest, the jury, without retiring, brought in a verdict to the effect that the deceased died from injuries received in falling down the shaft of Nos. 10 and 11 on Sunday, the 20th October, 1872, 