Items by the last Mail A monument in honor of Jahn, the founder of the societies for athletic exercises in Ger-<*> many (Turnvereinc), after the disasten in 1806-7, has been unveiled on the Haa[?]eide. near Berlin. Thb first railway in Japan was opened re cently. It is between Yokohama and Shinagawa. The carriages have seats running along the sides like an American street car. The line is worked on the block system, and the stations are plain but substantial. His Holiness Pius IX. has an elder brother, who has just entered on his 90th year, and whose health is as robust as his mind is clear. Count Gaetan Mastai Ferretti is still active enough to come and go in the Vatican without any assistance. Thb mallet with which Sir Christopher Wren laid the foundation stone of St. Paul's Cathedral on June 21, 1675, was used by the Princess Teck recently, when Her Royal Highness per formed a similar office for the new Church Schools at Kingston. The death- is announced at Chicago of Mr. Tollefson, a Norwegian, " probably tbe tallest man on record of the present day." He was 7 feet 9 inches in height, and weighed 375 lbs. He refused all offers from speculating showmen, proposing that he should exhibit himself. He was "in the saloon business." What about Chang? The troops of Northern Germany, which had not before been supplied with the improved needle-guns, have juat received them, so that the entire army is now supplied with that arm ? This rifle is more simple iv its mechanism, vlowing from seven to ten shots to be fired with it per minute, and having a range of 1200 metres. At a recent meeting of the Iclington Guar diansi it transpired that the master of the dis trict workhouse has discovered an easy method of settling whether a person is drunk or sober. The master's plan is to require any over-festive pauper to say " Truly rural," and if he cannot he pronounces bim to be drunk. The guardians have sanctioned this test. j In consequence of t c failure of the fruit ! crop, and the scant supply of fish to the London I markets, that numerous class of the population I of the metropolis, the coetermongen, are in a | state bordering on starvation. There is no thing they can buy to seU again. Herrings have lately fetched 3d. a-piece, oysten are not to be had, haddocks are too dear to retail, strawberries are out, and all other fruits are too dear to bar. A ICONBTBB meeting of the scavengers, slop men, and dustmen of the metropolis was held resently in Bell-street, Edgware- road, for tbe purpose of forming a trade society for their pro tection. The foUowing resolution was adopted : —" That, in the opinion of this meeting, the time has arrived for agitating for an increase of wages npon the present standard, and a reduc tion of the present working hours." Thb inhabitants of Weston-super-Mare were recently amused by witnessing the marriage of a gentleman of seventy yean to a maiden lady of not less than sixty-five. The ceremony was tbe more interesting locally, since both bride groom and bride were weU known in the neighborhood, the former being a clergyman of the Churoh of England, and the latter a lady who has for some time past been resident in Weston. A DiiTIKGUISHBD engineer, who is con nected with some of the most honorable families in Italy, has just been arrested at Florence, charged with attempting murder on a whole sale scale. It appears he wat involved in finan cial troubles, and, with a view to extricate him ielf by meant of tbe property of bit friendt, wbich he expected to inherit, tbe wretched man tried to poison, by morphine, no fewer than eighteen individual!, among whom were his father, brother, wife, and his own ohildren. A CTJRlotra lawsuit haa just been settled in France. A lady having taken into her mouth a morsel of the cartilaginous part of a calf's ear, it went the wrong way aud lodged in her oeso phagus. It was extracted by the nearest doc tor, who charged £20 for his services. The lady refused to pay, and said that Dr. Nelaton him self would not bave demanded such a Bum. Dr. Nelaton, on being appealed to by tbe medical man, said he rrmtidered tbe charge moderate. The jary split the difference by awarding £12, which it would appear bean a very small pro portion to the costs. A duel hat been fought in the wood of Buzenval, between M. Armand Lucy and M. Edgar Rodriguez, of tbe Figaro, the origin of the quarrel being an insulting sketch of the former by the latter in one of a series of articles headed, " The Decorated Men of the Repub lic." The conditions ot the duel were three discharge! of a pistol on each tide, at a distance of twenty paces M. Rodriguez had the ad vantage of firing fint, but missed. M. Lucy then aimed at hia adversary's chest; but the bail waa intercepted by the left wrist, from whioh it made a ricochet, and it afterwards lodged in the collar-bone. The wounds were considered serious. The regulation has gone forth that the soldiers of the French army are henceforth to bs instructed in the rudiments of vocal music by tbe bandmasters of the various regiments. The order under which this most desirable work ia to be proceeded with is an old circular of the Minister of War issued in 1853, which ren dered the study obligatory. It was song that inspirited the German arms in their late war. " Bin' feste wurg" cheered the way to Kdnig grata; the " Wacht am Rhein " put heart into the march to Paris. The French have bor rowed the hint from their enemies, and here after patriotism and song are to be conjoined to science in the armies of the Republic It is a noticeable fact, remarks the New York World, that now, while coal is unusually cheap in thia country, it is unusually dear in England, owing to the enormous consumption of it in manufacture and the arts. In this country its cheapness is undoubtedly to a great extent due to the stagnant condition of the industries which most consume it. Free-trading England and tariff-ridden America are here seen in con trast. Our manufacture! are in ao dull a condi tion as to use almost no fuel, while England's factories consume so mueb at to oause appre hensions of the giving out of the supply. Thb patriotic efforts of Major-General Sir James Alexander to erect a monument to the memory of King Robert the Bruce are in a fair way of being crowned with success, the Secre tary of War having given over to the committee a site on the Esplanade of Stirling Castle for its erection. The work it to be in the form of a statue in bronze, mounted on a granite pedestal, and has been designed by tbe veteran George Cruikshank. Tbe Bite of the Bruce monument commands a view of the Field of Bannockburn and of the surrounding country. Mr. Cruik thank's deiign has been inspected by Her Ma jetty, wbo was pleased to express her gracious approval of the work. Thb present tide of prosperity in the coal trade has been disturbed at the Broughton Col liery, near Wrexham, by the appearance of a ghost in tbe underground workings, which has had the effect of frightening some of the coUiera from tbe pit. None of the men profess to hav ing a sight of the spirit who appears to have taken up his abode in this " vasty deep," but tbey all confess to having heard at timet the most unearthly souuds, and when tbey pro ceed to search for the cause the same noUes are heard in quite an opposite quarter. The fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to. inter fen considerably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like sailors, are excessively superstitious on the ghost question. The other day a woman was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment with hard labor for having been president of a Communist club, and member of a battalion of women specially charged with the arrest of deserters from the Communal army. It is stated that, now the great offenders have been disposed of, the police are continually laying informations against un offending citizens more or less connected witb the de facto Government of the Commune. One of these citizens bit jutt been tried for " uturping f unotiom." He had aoted for awhile as a sort of justice of the peace. A year ago he was arrested for this offence by the mititary authorities, and dismissed. The civil tribunal haa now found him guilty, bat with "ex tremely" extenuating circumstances, and he hai been sentenced to a week's imprisonment* A mibttb pulpit is to be erected in Exeter Cathedral, to the memory of Bishop Patteson. It was in thia cathedral tbat the murdered Bishop was ordained. A bebious disturbance has taken place at Rei gate. A respectable servant girl, named Clay ton, committed suicide on the railway, in conse quence of having been jilted by a widower. The publication in the locil and London papers of the facts connected with the suicide created considerable indignation against the jilter, and accordingly a crowd beseiged his cottage, beating tin kettles and blowing horns. By and-bye the man himself appeared, and his crowd followed and roughly hustled him, threw stones, struck | him, and tore his clothes. He managed to j fight his way through the crowd into hi* own j cottage. An attempt to pull him back failed, and j he locked himielf in. A regular riot than began; I the door wat broken open, every window in the | house was smashed, lighted candles fastened to j the end of long sticks were thrust through the I broken windows to set the furniture on fire, and a j rush was made to fetch the mm out. At this I point tbe police interfered, and the mob, finding | the widower had flown by a back way, gradu -1 ally quieted down. [ Tubsino Knowledge to Account.—The I Auburn Advertiser, an American paper, tells bow a gentleman who was pasting through Auburn left a package of 500 temperance tracts I with the chaplain of the prison, for circulation in his discretion among the convicts. Tbe tracts were searchingly scrutinised by the chaplain, who is exceedingly oautious about putting any thing into the hands of prisoners that is not of the most unimpeachable character. He found that the tracts were written with great care, and likely to do good. They ditcussed the various aspects of the temperance question, and, amongst other things, told of the various drugs and poisons which Uquors are often made of, giving analjses and explanations of the way they are manufactured, with a view to thow how delete rious they an to health. The tracts passed in spection, anl were distributed. Soon afterwards various convicts were found in an intoxicated condition. On investigation it came to light that a number of them had actually made use nt the receipts in their tracts, and produced a kind of whisky, on which those in the secret bad been revelling till detected. Political Cobbuption in Amebica.—An drew Johnson, ex-President of the United States, addressed his fellow-citizens in Knox County, on th 9 14th of August last, in a speech which was, in many retpects, a remarkable one. He told his hearers that the founders of the American Republichad wisely endeavored to frame a constitution which should be a mean between | the two extremes of monarchy and monocracy, j But now the people were living under * the j most absolute government on the face of the earth. They were governed by a monarchy with 343 heads. He should prefer to have but one, true and wise." Corruption was pervading the whole machinery of government, and he charged the President of the United States | with having received gifts amounting in all to < nearly £100,000 during his term of office. ! What follows is very explicit :—'• President j Grant received a bribe of £13,000 from A. T. Stewart, and, in return, appointed Stewart secretary of the Treasury. Hoar, of Massachu setts, was appointed Attorney-General, in con sideration of the gift of a library, valued at £2000. Boric presented him with a house and lot (allotment) worth £8000, for whioh be was appointed secretary of the Navy." In denounc ing this political profligacy, Mr. Johnson dwelt approvingly on the prompt and vigorous punish- | ment with which the House of Commons visited ita venil Speaker, Sir James Trevor, in 1635, | wl en that functionary was adjudged tuilty of a i high crime, for having received a gratuity of : 1000 guineas from the city of London, and was • expelled and disgraced. But no such punish- ; tre it awaited greater offenders in the country of I Washington; {.for the consciences of public men | were seared by familiarity with such misdeeds. ' " Where are your publio morals to be found," I asked the ex-President, " when your offi.-es of trust and responsibUity are bargained and ped* | died out by corrupt rulers ?** The latrt of tbe { country were being violated with impunity, and ; the bribery and nepotism to be found in high places were naturally imitated by men in a subordinate position. As an illustration of the way in which the latter plunder the Treasury, the Sew York World furnishes a statement I showing the emomt of internal revenue col lected in the Btate of Maine, and what portion i of it sticks to the fingera of " Grant's beef* , eaters " — i.e., the assessors and collectors. The gross sum received from the taxpayers ii 53,622 < dollari; the Government geti net 20,622 dol* j lan, and the " beefeaten " 33,000 dollars. In j oe distriot the cost of coUecting is 90 per cent, i of the entire amount received. 