OUR FRENCH LETTER. PuAss, June 15. The military service bill may now be con sidered the law of the Iand, and so every fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for live years acccording to special circumstances, then to join the reserve until fortyyoars of ago. Men intended for the church and for theu ollic of schooluasters are,like College professors, exempted from going under fire, except as Ambulanciers. Gambotta op posed all exemptions as a privilege and leading to abuses, and as it is necessary that a door should be either closed or open, the concession in favor of candidates for the church or the profession of scholmhaster, opens a door very wide for evasions of the law. The real light was over the article fixing the period of service for active duty. There were high authorities in favor of three, four, and five years. The shorter period is the Prussian plan ; makes excellent soldiers, and allows them them to return earlier to civil ditties. It was "illustri ous General Theirs" who carried, or rather forced the Assembly to adopt the term of five years. Prince Frederick Charles-the highest of authorities of modern war-observes relative to the three years service- asonicm men with thick skulls must be kept longer than others to be made a soldier, but it is an error to think the longer a man is kept the better soldier lie becomes. The first year the recruit passes his time crying ; in the hospital; thinking of his gretchen, and dreaming of his home. The second year lie is a good pupil, knows his drill, exorcises with taste. The third year he coin mences to be a drunkard, thinks lhe knows enough of his profession, chaffs the young recruits ; this is theo moment to send him home, save to recall him when wanted. The French say that if they had not a Go vernment, they would have nothing to langle at. M. Thiers, in again menacing to resign if the Assembly did not accept his doxy of five years' service for recruits, assumed a position painfully ridiculous. There was no justification for Jove to be angry; the majority was with him-a fact which he well know. But hle desired to break his butterfly on the wheel. Every journal in France condemns him; the Assembli will tole rate him till the Prussian loan be raised, for it does not intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and has had enough of autocrats; be sides, M. Thliers promised to remain Chief of the State, and not degenerate into a more Cabi not Minister. He has proved to be the most absolute of masters, opposed, as lie has ever been, to every national reform, from cheap postage and railways, up to non-intervention and free trade. As M. Thiers pales, Gambatta rises, because the latter is the only candidate who huas a fixed end and a vigorous programme, Napoleon oex cepted- but Sedan is as deeply down among the dead men as Henry V. and Louis Philippe II. The return to power of Gambetta would be as unfortunate as the restoration of any of the three pretenders; yet he might be the least of the evils. He leads an active, disciplined party, as united in the Assembly as in the country. M. Thiers is killing the "moderato" Republic, whoso advent and success could rogonoerate France without compelling her to pass once more through a fiery furnace. But AI. Thiair has no fixed policy, no aim beyond as obstiamteo determination to carry out hIis personal views, playing with and usihg all parties in turn-run ning with the hare, and holding with the hounds. It is to castigate such a dissolving mode of government tsat tlues of thel richest and most conservative electoral districts of France have just chosen, by monster majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambetta. Old age cannot govern France, nor a feeble policy brace her up. As o?. Thiers becomenas more tyrannical and narrow-minded, Gambcetta becomes more violent and radical. Iago was nothing, if not critical; Gambetta is nothing if not volcanic. The "Women's Rights" question heas once more come forward. The society for the civil eesanci. pation of women has its jous?lal, arid recently opened. proceedings with 'a banquet, Victor Hugo. sending '"health and apostolia benedie. tion" to` the mlovoment. France in about thl last place in the world to disclss Ith wolman uestion, tirt, eist, becauso wo In are tile 11e1n) in tlli cunltry, and secondly, the p1t'roIcaies here rather projudiced the according of unliiiiited liberty to the fair sex. Louis 13lano protests oghinst the law which compls thie wife to follow the husband, as barbarous. Of two things, u00; uither the wife must obey the husband or the husband the wife. 'Jilhe ioir?hl.d ing of ages is not likely to be overthrown, ovenl ill Franco where iconoclasm is so ~ienral, which I Prot, ts 1the family froml disorgazaLtian. It in moral not legal force the wife ought to wieol ; it is the head and not thu helart that thile legisla utre consults. The child clings to tihe Iother without over demandlng is slhe the slave or (itiruonus, tand that mallternal power is greater an it rests upon the law-Ias it springs front the heart and goes right to the soul. A society to induce hlsbands to fulllll their obligations to wards their wives might do more good than an Ilssociation to endow wives with votes. Where husband Itand wife understand each)1 other thie wonlman questiol is ever sh1own tile door. After the discussion on the army bill is undted, the linancial state of the colntry will be debated. The free- traders are doturmiltd not to allow M. 'hiers to have his way in favor of 'protection. The additional revenue roquired in to be raised by inconme tax- very slight; the object is to get ill tilhe thin end of tile wedge. Somell of the now sourcles of taxation are Iroillng plroductive, bilt IIuchi ec(tno1my is required ill their lmode of collection. There are too many civil servants, mlore than over existed under the ox-umpiro, when favoritism and oxtrava gance were so rampant. Thu Duo do Choisoul was Minister of Finance under Louis XV.; otn one occasion hl informed that Illonalrch in conllidence, that lie had saved five millions in one montllh ill the national expenses, and desired to knowwllat )he was to dowith it. "Give nime three millions, and keep two yourself," was tilhe reply of Louis the well-beloved. Tile republic has changed all this kind of book. keel ing, which has been peculiar to all dynasties in rance. The convict ships have at last sot sail for Now Caledonia with the tritons and the minnows of the Coolunll . Rochefort will likely remain a prisoner in France. 'It is only a voyage for the )collndemned, nothing more, as a general amnesty is certain to be proclaimed by whatever party succeeds M. T'hiors. Two or three yeare at most and the over-ardent patriots will be brought back, and perhaps the agents who con duct them now to the Pacific Ocean will them solves be sentenced to take their place. The possibility of such all event may explain why the authorities bestow great kindness on the transported--making friends of tile manlnon of unrighteousness. The lady members of the Col nollllll soI1e twenty plctroleusea-mlistresses or soiled doves by profession-are by a curious coincilodence to sail for Now Caledonia in the i'irlyiji." Further, a showman alnounces that in a few weeks lhe will have six of the lnatives of that penal settlement for exhibition, in guranteod feathers and war paint. Parisians will be anxious to make the acquaintance of their relatives' now neighbors; but decency forbids cannlialism. Tho statistics of Paris, so far as the results of the census are known, confirm the opinion that the population has not diminished, but is about tile sameo as it was six years ago-nearly two millions. A imarked social change has taken place ; the wealthy portions of the city have 1oeln deserted for quartors whlore houso rent is mnoderato, consequently there are iILmens1e alaces and blocks of splen did dwellings tenantless. The French in this respect display one of the most sensible phases of their claracter-a contempt for keep ing lp aplpearanLes when the purse 1s consumlp tive. Living is most expensive in Paris ; local taxes are crushingl ; tie Empiro bequeathed a frightful debt to Paris, which the siege and the Co'luneO increased. By econonmy, loans, and fresh taxes the lMunicipal Council is bringing mattero into order. It is at tile Central Market where the imposts are levied onl the food supplies, the duty being ad ovlorem, and at piresent double. O1ne hundred weight of butter will have to pay on an average Of. in taxation, ganlo 20f., barn-door fowl Of. and eggs 2f. l'The prisc of each conllnodity increases like a snow ball, in proportion to tile number of hands it passes through, which may account for a few snicides of purchasers or sudden deaths pro duled by shocks. Fish is divided into three classes ; salmon and turbot, &c.;, pay 8 to 10, soles, cols, &e.;, i, and hoerrings, sardines, &e.;, 3 per cent. Then the cook levies her market penny, so outrageously that the Russian Ambassador indicted his Salamandor for rob bery-ono item in the ucbounts was 25 sous for a bundle of radishes, which can be bought any where for 3 I Business is not very "strong," as the pihrase is; Paris does a fair export trade, but local transactions are next to dead, so the sll traders are rapidly suspendig cash ay monts with no prospect of a redemption. Even tile Jamins that at this season shook the heavy IlIay-flies from the trees in the Champs Elysdes, sticking a pin in their backs and so attaching them to ia string, selling the finished article for one sous each to infant ontomolagists, have got no more work to do-the cold, wet weather having destroyed the insects, and, with them a petit commerce. The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now 68 daily journals, and the cry is still they come. The tendency is to bring out morning rather than evening edi tions. The proprietors have no great anxiety to provide early news. The "latest intelli geneu" is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon. The Latins hero find that treatises on abstract poli tics and such fustian pays, because France still believes shoe writes, not for Frenchmen, bnt for mankind. The defeat of the favorite at our Derby last Sunday has not cast a gloom over the capital. One sporting journal proves that the French a racing studs are only English ones in disguise, and hence Cromorneo has only beaton a com panion from his own stable. On the evening of the race quite an international fight took placo in the Mobillo Gardens, between the horsey inlterests of Franco and England. The police 1 carried off thle belligerents before the Waterloo h strugglo was fought. Tho number of persons at the Derby in the dois do Boulogne, the display of wealth and luxury, made one forgot the so cond empire. Accompanied with a friend and two ]ired de- ~ tectives, I visited a few nights ago the tue Haxo, where fifty hostages-priaests, s'oldiers, journalists, and policemen-- were barbarously shllot by the Commune during the last days of its roibgl of terror. The bodies were thrown into acolumon cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of the victimnls appeared overy night as phosphorescent figures. We took up position oeforo midnight, and remained till two in tho morning, wi0en churllhyards are supposed to 1 ceaose to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only thle falling rain. The police who were on the lookl out for the persons w1i(l "do the spirits," were also disappointed, al though at one tilno they belioved to be on the eve of success on seeoing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figurcs on thle houlses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Marishal Bazaino's trialit is now said will com mence on the 1st 'July, as tihe plans of tle hattle fields will then bo roleady for tlhe court. 'lherro are thlirty persons employed preparing I and arranging the necessary documents, and thie expenses of the trial are expected to amount to 200,000 francs-a payment which It the rich prisoner must make if convicted. But d in this matter the people will lavoe no "ifs; " they are glad to hear the Marshal enjoys good It Ihealth, and hope that nothing will alter it till Ii the moment arrives when he shall hIave no more interest in its preservation. The press isunani- J imous in claiming a fair trial, and abstain from 1 prejudging "the greatest traitor of modern' times." Strange neutrality 1 Tno trial of oolate Dubourng for the a5sasi-1 sination of his young wife tanken in adultery, is now going on. Since MIadame Lafargs poisonod her husband, no similar even ha ol e 'urred which has created more interest than thb I IreenOt. All the parties aroyoung, antos miush raspueitably connected. 'Thu ountess do ourrg utm c q' 1141, was the y",ingest of four sistor.s, ier fathlr was a Scotchl.itn, whlo, hlaving wade i his fortune ino the city -'f Cork, emigrated to France, settling at Bloul, where he married it lady of aristocratio family. The mother died young, thile girls wore edcated lin the convent, t ile troo senior married well; the youngest -Dleniseo--lot heor husband first in 1800 at Versailles. They wero married, slhe being 10, and he 23 yeaors of of ago. A son is the issue of the marriago. Sieo was~lanil (dlumpy, per Ihps, judgilig from her photo.raluph), attractive, intelligont, and clover, as all 1 retehwonoen re. lier fortune was 75,000 franc, hlier husband's enabled thunl to have a joint income of 10,000 francs a year. They were to live in the country at her father-in-law's, whore she was weolcomed as a pUt. 1'Ur ambition wats to live in Paris; shel was i prey to a mania "to appear in society." lier husband kneow nothing of a city lifo, and, hlaving no occupation, quickly fell ilto the vices of the capital. Pending the war, the Countess lived at Genova, while her hus band joined the Mobiles as a captain. After the opace shlo was delivered of her only child, and subsequontly came to Paris for medical advice, whero aslo remained. They were an ill-matched couple, silo was fliglty, and ho was empty-lonadod; in the 1 arisian ball- rnoos sloe quickly saw the differenco between lher husband and other men. WVorso, sloe expressed her opinion. She mot Count Prdcorbin at a mutual friend's, and made an assignation with hmn for next day, calling for him at hlis ofico, a clerkship in the Towno Council. Their criminal love lasted for about three weeks. The husband suspected, and gave full opportunity to his wife; they took their meals in common, but slept at different lotels. Ho feigned to go to the country on the 21st April lhst ; the wife's con fidenco was thus deceived ; she wrote to 1Prl corbin to meet her, and they went to their usual trysting place, an attic in the Run des Ecoles. ThIe husband had paid spies ; he followed his wife, traced her to the attic, induced her to open tilhe door, as he " had a telegram that her child was dying." The paramnour fled by the roof ; the wife opened tlhe door in a state of ddsluobille; she bogged her husband not to call thoe police ; lie struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed her with a cane-sword, and when it broke opened ia clasp knife. Of the fifteen wounds sihe received any one was mortal. Throe days later she died. The Code excuses a husband for killing his wife if he discovers her in adultery in his house; here the case is different, but will hardly affect the decision of the jury-nominal guilt. The husband was outraged, but we would like to have seen loss premeditated preparations for revengo. As for the cowardly paramour, con tempt is his beat punishmenont, although his mother appeals on bohalf of "her boy" in tho journals I The Court was crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly drinking in the incidents of the tragic romance. Marshal Vaillant has been interred at Dijon, between his wife and stepson; the photograph of his favorite dog being enclosed in the tomb. The Protestant, or rather Calvinist, Synod is now holding its sittings. As usual, the body is divided as to an uniform confession of faith and submission to a controlling central power. St. Swithin is the patron saint of umbrella makers, and is prospering his followers. St. Polagio presides over journalists in tile prison called after hlirm, and whoro the wicked are sent 'who cry vice l'Empire, ot formerly when they wrote viwe la Repnublique. 