LECTURE ON SPIRITISM. Mr Peebles delivered a second lecture on the above subject in the Alfred Hall Assembly-room, oh Wed nesday evening, Dr Richardson in the chair, the audience being hardly so numerous as on the first night. The chairman opened the business by ex pressing his own faith in, or knowledge of spiritualistic phenomena, and by quoting Professor Wallace in sup port,-, - The chairman held that; the phenomena l " were purely natural, not supernatural, and he said there was a person in the, room Who would give .£soo to anyone who Could pfoVe that the phenomena were due . to any other Causes than those declared by spirit com munications.- . ,He referred -to the : hind quarter of 'bacon,- the wheel, the - hot brick brought into the room at, .Castlemaine,... and • the., „ pair, ,of live fowls hung on a . lady’s arm , there, and- when, the_ audience laughed he said it might seem iridiculous,-’but.it was.true. . He also said that at- Sandhurst the other day a man at a seance saw his de parted grandfather walk across 1 the floor. Mr Peebles began by reading Borne poetry, addressed by the writer .to his .departed mother. . This was well written,, well read, and was applauded. He held that God is imma nent in all the- universe, not anthropomorphic, that death is not due to sin, but is a natural operation of the physical law of change. Death.is gradual—every wrinkle and every, white hair bring signs of our gradual dying. Nothing was: annihilated, for just as nothing could not be made something, so something could not be made nothing. Nor did he believe in; endless torments, for that doctrine made the Almighty a demon. (Cheers.) . But according to our lives here would be our conditions hereafter, for there was a" summer land and a winter land. We could never .escape from ourselves either in this life -or the next In natural death there was no suspension of con sciousness, but there was in violent deaths. He read some of the horrible teachings of old theolo gies descriptive of the agonies of a brimstone hell and the pleasures of heaven in .witnessing those agonies, and his audience cheered his denunciation of such horrors. In the, suinmerland Mozart courted . higher muses, poets revelled in purer visions, astrono mers weighed and, measured the heavenly orbs, and Wesley and other reformers here were reformers there.. A dear friend of his one day exchanged pro mises with him that whoever died first should appear to the other, if possible, as a ghost or a dream. That friend was violently killed, and ten years afterwards a .niece of the late President Fillmore was entranced and wrote a communication from that dead friend, from whom he learned that he was not conscious for some time after death. A suicide also communicated that he was-under the sad displeasure of spirits in the "other land. The lecturer spoke of dying people who heard music in the air and saw waiting spirits, one dying boy telling his weeping friends to rejoice and give three cheers when he died.. Longfellow the poet was no idiot, but he was .a spiritist. Vice-President Wane was also; and the chief joy of Pre sident Lincoln’s widow was in holding con verse with her loved ones who . were gone. The lecturer spoke not of what he believed, but of what he knew. There was another life, and he ;had talked with God’s, angels, and if we lived pure and holy and Christlike lives we may also have inter course with the angels.- There should be, then, no fear of death but a preparation for the after life, where the Archangels taught the angels,’ and the angels taught the spirits. The lecturer then closed his eyes, clasped his hands, and said—Come, 0 ye departed loved ones, our dear fathers and mothers, come with your baptism of love and keep us from sin, and when the angel of death comes to release us welcome us to your abodes. I thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for the patience and attention with which you have listened to me this evening. The chairman said there were some books on the table, which-anyone could purchase if they felt disposed to do so.’. The audience then broke-up. • 