A NEWT CALIFORNIA^ POET. The following scraps of poetry are from s review in the Argut of a work issaed in London, by Longhmans, entitled aongs of the Sierras, by Jacqnin Miller. They tell their own story. " Beoatue tba ekiea ware blue, because The son in fringeaof the *ea Was tangled, aid delightfully £ept dancing oa as in waltz, And tropic trees bowed to tb« aeaa, And bloomed and bore, years throngh an! tkrongh. And birds in bWasd gold aad bine W?re thick aud sweet as awaiaiag beet. And aane raa if ia-Paradita And all that Paradiaa was spring, , Did I too erne with lifted eyea. Because I coald uoi choose bat sing " The following Hces are spoken by a gold ulnar, whoee partner,;®, half, savage girl, has ieft Mm in a fit of .passion bent on suicide:— I lay in my hammock"- the air waa heavy , And fiat threstaning ; the very iuev«n- | W«« holding its breath ; and beet ia a bevy Hid oailer my ihitcb; and birds were drivan' in clouds' toihe rocks in a fcnrritd whirr, ' a I pee.'d dona the path for her. j She stobdlike » brom? bent over tbe rivet, Tl-e proud eyes filed, tha paanon- unspokfn, When t> a heav-n« brjke like a great djke brokm: Then «re I fairly had time to give her A ahoat .of warning, a rushing ot wind And the rolling of clouds with a deafening dir.. And B'darkhesi that had baen black to the blind. Came down as 1 scouted : 1 Come is I come in ! Come under the roof, come tip from tbe river. As up from a grave—come now, or come never 1* i'hetissel'd topi of the pir.es w--re »8 weeds. The red-woods reeked like the lake side reeds, And the world, eeem'd duken'd and drowa'd for «-vtr. One time in the night as (he black wind shifted, And e Sasb of I ghtning stre'eh'd over tbe stream, 1 teem'd to tee her with her brown hands lifted— Or ly eeem'd te see, as one eeea in a dream, With hfr eyes wide wild and her pale lips ptess'd, And the blood from her brow and the flood to her br a*'.; When the fiood caught her hair as the flax in a wheel, Acd wheeling and whirling her rtnnd like a reel, Ltnsb'd load her despair then leapt long like a reel, Ltujh'd laud h«r despair, then leapt long like a stred, Holaiog tight to her hair, folding fast to her heel, Langbin£ fierce, leaping far, as if spnried lo its speei The flood having subsided, the lover finds the body hodv of his mistress in tha the rivar. rivsr, which gives rives j occasion to an exquisite passage:— i1Ijj " Here in the surge wi ere tbe waters met, Aud the warm wave lifted, an3 tbe winds did fret The wave *iil it foam'd wi'h rag* on the land, &he; lay with the wave on tbe warm white sand ; Her rich hair traU'd with the trailing weeds, And her small brosm bands lay prone or lifted A» the wave c<ng strophes ia the broken reeds. Or paused in pi'y, and in silence sifted Sands of gold, as upon her grave. And aa sure as you see yon browsing kine. And hreatha the breath of your meadows fine, When I went to my waial in the warm white wave And stood all pals in the wave to my breast, And raach'd for hei in her reat and unrest, tier hands were lifted and reach'd to mine." The minet returns homeward to seek for the girl to whom he is betrothed, and whom he had laft behind— " I feathsred fold I bad laid in th* earth, - Hid aver tha door and hid under the hearth; Boarded and hid, as the world went over, for : tbe love of a hlonde by a eun-brown'd lover. And I said to myself, as I set my face Te ths east, so far from the desolate place, •She 1ms braided her tresses, and through her tears l«3k*d away to tfce nest, for yearn, the years Thai I have wrought where tbe sun tans brown ; She baa waked by night, she has watch"J t>y day, She has wept and wondered at my delay. Alone aad ia tears, with her head held down, Where the ships aail out and tbe saaa svirl in, Forgetting to knit and refitting to spin. She eh all lift her b -ad, and shall see her iover, St e shall bear bis voice tike a sea that rushes. She shall hold bit gold in her hands of eno w, And down on bVr breast-she shall hide her hlashes. And nevri a care shall her true heart know, Wi il'e the cl.iB are below or the blonds at* above her." Subjoined is an excellent descriptions!forest scenery. 4 i Tr.e trees shook hands high overhead. And bowed and en'wined across The narrow way, while leaver and mosa. And luscious fruit, gold-hued and red, Through the cool canopy of graea Let not one sun- shaft paas betw' eo. Birds hung and swnng. green rob-d and red, Or droop'd in carved lines dreamily. Rainbows reversed, from tree to tree, ' Or sang low hanging overhead— Sang low, as if they aang and slept. Sang faint, like some far waterfall— : And took eo note of us at all, Though ripe nuts cruab'd at every step. Wild liUes, tail as maidens an,. ... As sweet of breath, as pearly fair, As fair aa faith, re pun as truth, - Fell thick before our every tread y 1 As in -a sacrifice ti roth, ••' f. And all the air.with perfume-fill'd More sweat tban ever man dlstill'd. The ripen'd fruit a fragrance shed. t . ^ • "f^And'tungin band reach'overhead. -' In nest* of blossoms on the shoot, \- "The bending thoot that bore the fruit. How ran the monkeys thro* the letvee! How rosh'd they through, brown clad and blue, Like shuttles harried through and through Tie threads a hasty-weaver weaves." A prophecy of the future of California is a fine piece of description, of which the|)rophetic part may apply to other gold regions with only a trifling change of words :— I.™ I stand beside the mobile sec; b 1 f t « Afaratseaaomawbiteah^eaflee, ^ . ] "JWitfc arms atretch'd Uksja ghost to iiii. J f 0 Add eloud-lika sails far blawn.and ourl'd,..,. '"ji ''Then elide down w the under fcii-ld.^ _ : -As'S blmro t>«re in-winterblasts'" 1^ And sails are spread, and saila are,furl'd:-. From farthest corner* ot ths world, And fold like white snngs wearily. Bteaaehipsgo np.and aomagodo^i In haate, like tradera in a (own, S And seem to see and jbeckbn aH- ,'- • Ori«Iand,liiab, tallliidt»d •ftjjf^^^.'J^ in Jasir fc«.e>f 1 fttioi". 38 A (M-.o Set .-s^V-i-' jgl a-n-6 i> '-/c -irj-.-! £«it!it)i svad fi-'ej^ hiuOrdtii&s; . eoffl'.'r't'"! "'J 10"1 ibh ecM.>£ SUE I aee pickaxes flssbt*p#<ffibie , , , , A mw'dudaawrMtmuh ?ia(taad;>-^ —-JkBd-feMt-tbal MHavs tstMapn And rot yon cabbie in the mo^ldi.:^' Andwh**fei2> fctsre cfaajtLdUfteu, ?Jtcd Miltuqes r«ase« ciXnmNtd.'.H ' £mtwdsdoagJkiunti*lihan Tba mellow melodies trill pour. Will chirm as charmers very wise, Will strike the harp with master hand, Will sonnd until the vaulted skies Th? val-mr of these men of old — The mighty men of Forty-nine— Will emeUy aing and proudly aay, Long, lnag, agor a thars was a day Wheutiiere were giants ia the land." T. In his lyrcal , , pieces-the - _ crux*i_ • the „ tone : poet—the evidence of the singing faculty, which aft»-r all is at tbe bottom of all poetry aud the best title of the poet's usme, Mr Miller is na less happy. We might fill several columns with quotations, bat one more shall suffice— " Agiin she lifts her white arms high, Far flashing in her bands of gold And precioas stones rare, ridi and old, Was ever mortal half so fair 5 Wat ever «ach a wealth of hair 1 Was aver (aoh a plaintive air t Was ever such a sweat despair f "Still humbler now her form she bends. Still higher now tba lime asceadB. She bares her bosom to th* sun. Again bar jawall'd fingers run la signs and eacred form of prayer. She bows with awe and holy air In lowly worship to the son. Then rising, calls her lover'* name, And leaps into the leaping flame. " I da not hear the faiatest msu, Oc totukd,or syllable,or tone. ' The red flamesstoop a moment down, Aa if to raise her from the ground ; - They whirl, they swirl, they sweep around With liaht'mng feet and fierycrown ; Then stand np, 'all, tip-toed, as one Would hand a sonl up to the son." 