GERAT FIEE AT YEDO. THE Japan Wail of April 9th' contains an- account' of f the fearful fire which recently desolated Yodó». 'It' swept two square miles of. tho city, des tro jed. 5000 houses, and rendered 20,000 persons housolcss. ' The firo .broko ont about 815 p.m. on "Wednesday, 3rd' April, in on Ajdxn.Ynshiki, within the second moat of. tho- castlo. A. galo was raging at tho time, and tho sparks and barning shinglos spread far and wide. Sud- denly the firo jumped as it wcro tho two moats, tho-. interrening^roud.s, and afwholo block of houses, and then, struck a. Japaneso houso, and with almost tho speed of lightning rushed onwards towards tho Tokaiuoor.Im ?peria) highway. Speaking, of .this part of the city after the firo an eye-witness Bays--" Tho space between tho castlo and thc Tokaido is- now nothing but a.hcapof ruins, with hero and thero a mud godown. standing uninjured, like tho . ghost of the houses, whialii bef oro surrounded it. Not ona stone remains- standing. on another, not ono houso hus escaped the geuoral' destruction-from the Nihou Bashi downward in a lino with Tsukiji, and from the Castle to the soa iaono bur«' houses hare been burnt, in every direction) and the peopla rendered housoless hayo camped out. Dejooted and sorrowful they sit in groups round a mat or blanket on which is spread a littlo food ; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, aad yet with tho thousands who. aro honsolcss it is impossiblo for any but Govornmont to ad- minister to* their relief." Tho firo hnrnod for about twelvo honra, when its further progress was stayoi by tho sea. Had tho wind shifted, hon over, during tho night the conflagration . would have proved moro disastrous than it was. Tho following is tho aooout given, by sn eyo- witnéss of the scene, in Yedo during tho fire :-At ,3,15, when tho Sro broko ont, no ono thought anything of it; butas it .leaped .from block to block, firing at several placea at once, tho danger was felt to bo un; minent. ThotroopB in tho Yedo Hotel were seat into a placo of snfoi<y, and several foreigners living in tho French Hotel. rcmov.od their bnggago to the foreign settlement. Another gentleman who was near tho Castlo at tho outbreak of tho firo saw at loast fifty persons carried by on stretchers, nearly all dead, whilo a third witness, who waa in Tsukiji, saw grcotnuuibers dead by suffocation.or firo. . Mothers threw their children from thom into, the water to bo 'drowned, or on tho ground to- bo burnt, and rushed on to savo thcmsolvcs.. TwO'Swordod men, drunk with ex- citement, cut and bowed in nil directions, and tho mon who were seen-disabled by sword cuts wore too numerous to count. In contradistinction to this., daughters wcro to bo seen carrying their fathers andr mothers away ; children just old enough to know whah was going'on helped to savo thoir parents from destruct-, tion ¡ and what was moro touching than all was to soo in tho diBtnnco pcoplo fall under thoir burdena, to. bo overtaken by tho damos beforo thov could riso. Such scenes ns'these lend nn additional horror to a Bight already sufficiently terrible, and though nt .this »t»K0, whoa all is excitement and uncertainty, tho loBO-of lifo and property cannot bo accurately1 jndgod. wo fcol assured that wo havo under, rather than ovor, owed tho. extent of tho misfortune'' Tho loss of property la estimated at a cnnplo of million dollars.*? . 