"ROMANIZING TENDENCY." Some of the clergymen of the English Church in Tasmania have been setting an example to their Episcopalian brethren in this colony, by their prompt and vigorous action in the late meeting of their Synod, respecting books of a "Romanizing ten- dancy." By papers which we have just received from that colony, we find that a few vigorous men of the genuine Protest ant ring drew the attention of their Synod to the fact that books had recently been imported into the colony for sale, and were actually in use among the younger of the clergymen throughout the church there, which, under the guise and pretence of being " books of the Church of England," were really books designed to lead clergy and the people over to Rome. Very broad hints were thrown out during the discussion that some leading dignitary or dignitaries of the church were respon sible for the importation. And from what transpired in the speeches delivered, it was evident that not only the Bishop, but some of the canons of the church are not very "sound" on the Ritualistic or Romeward movement. Be that as it may, the books referred to were known to be in the hands of book sellers, and it was known moreover that several of the clergy had the said books on their " shelves," some using them with " caution," and some picking out the un objectionable parts ! Mr. Barnard, one of the lay deputies, undertook to bring the the matter to an issue before the Synod. He was driven to this position because a Rev. Mr. Smith, a good Protestant, well meaning man, but evidently weak and open to influences, having giving notice that he would bring the matter forward, saddently withdrew his notice at the sug gestion of some other 3 and this sudden action having awakened suspicion, Mr. Barnard himself took up the matter, and dealt with it in a very clear and satisfac tory speech. The discussion which followed was most interesting, and will do much for Tasmania, in awaking the Protestant j indignation of the people, that attempts 1 so insidious are openly being made to ' undermine and destroy the Protestant Church, and that those who are set to "watch" are "dumb dogs" which cannot or will not bark. The books to which Mr. Barnard re ferred in his resolution, and against which he chiefly inveighed, are " Steps to the altar," and the " Priests Prayer book." We have reason to believe that these books are also in New South Wales, and that both are in the hands, or " on the shelves" of some of the clergy, for practical use. The one is intended for the laity, to teach them how to worship the bread and wine of the sacrament as the " true body and blood of Christ 3" and the other is intended for the clergy to fill them with as many priestly notions as possible, that they may go about their business as like the Romish priests as possible, and in fact, by a judi cious practice, be prepared for passing over to the altars of the " Mother Church !" We shall give a few extracts that our Pro testant friends, in the Episcopal Church, who are likely to be troubled by these wicked impostures, crafty drawn up to seduce the members and ministers of that Church to the Church of Rome, may be put upon their guard, and incited to search for the mischievous leaven. Here is a little piece of poetry which occui-s amongst a great many most false and cunning instructions about the "Altar" and the sacrament, which are worthy of a place in the " garden of the soul," and, as a prayer, or act of devotion, addressed to the bread and wine on the so-called " altar" is as gross a instance of sacramental idolatry as will be found in Romanism : — I worship Thee, Lord Jesu, Who on Thine Altar laid, In this most awful service, Our Food and Drink Thou art/ I worship Thee, Lord Jesu, Who in Thy love divine. Art hiding here Thy Godhead In forms of Bread and Wine. I worship Thee, Lord Jesu, And kneeling unto Thee, As thou didst come to Mary 1 pray Thee come to me. The other book is similar in sentiment and object. The following is a speci men : — Intho preface it says:— "This volume is de signed as an appendix to the Book of Common Prayer, and to provide the parochial clergy with offices and collects for those occasional ministrations for which no formal or autho rised provision has been made." It will be perceived, even upon a cursory examination, that the object of the Priest's Prayer Book is not to supersede the use of the Book of Com mon .prayer, hut to he merely ancillary and subordinate to it." It contains 182 pages. Page 4 is on the subject of "Self- examination," and among other questions are these : — "Have I broken my fast before celebrating without positive necessity?" "Have I joined in the public worship of schismatics or co-operated in the working of religious societies directed by them?" Then there is auricular confession. " The priests hears the confession without in- terruption, unless it be necessary, as where the penitent is afraid to confess, or does not suffici ently explain the number and kind and circum stances of his sins. He observes what is ne'eessary, and enjoins a penance, varying aB to state, condition, age, sex, disposition, &c.; The penitent promises to perform it." In " Notes on Confession " we have such as the following: "The Church, or at least its ves try, is the proper place for hearing confession. . . . The priest when hearing confessions should be vested in cassock surplus, and violet or black stole," &c.;, &c.; There is blessing the incense, a crucifix, a cross, a church ban ner, prayers for the dead, also the seven deadly sins, and remedies for sin. "In prolonged cases of lust, severe fastings and hard lying even on the floor. In extreme cases, self-in flicted and sharp physical suffering," and even persons arc directed to " take a chip of quas sia." There are more serious and solemn things in the book : Transubstantiation and Consubstantiation. "Therefore when the priest breaks the bread and blesses the cross as Christ did, and says in the Consecration Prayer the words which Christ said, the bread and wine become verily and indeed the body and blood of Christ. "We cannot tell how the bread and wine become the body of Christ, except it is by the power of the Holy Ghost exerted in the act of consecration through the agency of the priest of the Church, to whom Christ gave authority." The consecrated sac rament is the same body which was crucified, only presented to our sight under another form." Now let it be remembered that these books are printed and circulated as books for the laity and clergy of the " Protestant Church of England." Such gross deceit ought to be exposed. The traitors who, while eating the bread of a Protestant Church, can write and circulate such books, ought to be put on "penance." We would recommend to them a few more pungent pains than those which may be extracted out of a " chip of quassia." A cat-o'-nine-tails, with a few salutary knots, at the end, well applied to the barb back, would be most useful to them whe ther " penitent " or not. ! What will our readers think of the Pro testant Bishop of Tasmania, and of most of the dignitaries, viz. — Archdeacon, Dean, and Canons — that they refused to accept the motion of Mr. Barnard, after the above ex posure, to the effect that his " Lordship/' should take steps to "banish and drive away such false doctrine from the diocese?" The motion was lost by 14 votes to 12 ! 