WESLEYAN METHODIST DISTRICT MEETING. Saturday morning, 2nd Nov., was chiefly occupied in receiving the reports of the written examinations of the probationers, and in the viva voce examination of one candidate for the ministry. Mr Saloway, after giving an account of his conversion to God and his call to the work of the Christian ministry, passed a suc cessful examination, conducted by the chairman, and ■was unanimously recommended to the conference. Several of the ministers having Sabbath engagements in the country, the session closed at one o’clock. The sittings of Monday commenced by singing a hymn, the reading of the Scriptures by Rev. E. King, and prayer offered by the Rev. Hv. Catford. The Rev. E. J.Watkin submitted the draft of a memorial to be presented to the Legislative Council embodying the resolutions of the lay and clerical mem bers of the financial meeting held on Friday last, which was approved. The meeting unanimously pre sented its thanks to the Rev. W. D. Lelean for his very practical and appropriate sermon preached in Lydiard street to the young, last Sabbath afternoon, and appointed the Rev. W. Brown, of Stawell, as the preacher for the next year. Thanks were also voted to the friends who have so hospitably entertained the ministers, and the Rev. J. Catterall was requested to convey the same in writing.—The afternoon was occupied in considering the question, “ What can be done to promote the work of God in this district?” The secretary having read the “ Liverpool minutes and the 12 rules of a helper,” the chairman opened the conversation, and many of the senior ministers spoke briefly on the hindrances and auxiliaries to the progress of the church. The slight decrease in members, though greatly accounted for by removals, caused by the recent rushes to Charters Towers, Port Darwin, &c.;, was felt to be a matter of grave concern and serious regret. All, however, agreed that there was no cause for discouragement. - Many cheer ing testimonies were borne to the continued presence of the Holy Ghost, and to the converting power which had attended the preaching of the word during the year past. The chairman brought the conversation to. a close by a short address embracing the suggestions that had been offered, and containing timely words of encouragement and counsel. The sitting was resumed at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, when the whole of the minutes of the district meeting were read by the Rev. E. King, secretary, and confirmed, and formally signed by the chairman and secretary, all the minis ters standing. The Revs. J. Dare and E. King offered tho concluding prayers, and the benediction by the Rev. James 'Bickford ended the sittings. The following is the Btation-sheet prepared by this dis trict:—Geelong (east), E. J. Watkin, P. R. C. Ussher; Geelong (west), E. King (secretary of the district), T. E. Ick, M.A.; Drysdale, J. W. Tuckfield; Colac, Thos. Grove; Stawell and Ararat, Wm. Brown, R. Fitcher; Ballarat (Lydiard street), J. Dare, F. Neale, to be sup plied; Ballarat (Barkly street), Jas. Bickford (chairman); to be supplied; Clunes, to be supplied; Creswick, J. W. Crisp; Scarsdale and Linton, E. S. Bickford, C. H. Ingamells; Stieglitz, W. M. Bennett. Note.— John Egglestone and Thos. Adamson are invited to the Clunes circuit; W. H. Fitchett is invited to Bal larat (Lydiard street); and D. Parry to Ballarat (Barkly street). W. D. Lelean has accepted an invita tion to St. Kilda. J. Catterall and Hy. Catford are removing at the ensuing conference. 