%Ti:r¥B8'~vt- *7yw~SaoariT. (from the Saturday Jttvieto.) UBRVOTO people, as is credibly stated, bave J*ea put ttt&wt; ajjxiety by the unnmiticement, «1nch recently appeared in the papers, that a aJNWngutelied 'stafcromMncr liad 'discovered % SWBttrona unmet ruslmig utraiglit towards us with juuantig rapidity from the remote abysses of epaco, oiifl yet pursuing it* course witli as little ttsitdeuey to deviation as though it were 4Rimtutg4tp-m rails. Same friendly planet migli iff' possibility put forth a helping hand, and , ijWt the approaching monster from its coarse, W the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed just aa it is about to crush the heroine. Good ?uatured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming ; that, if it \ysre coming, it would be ft very welcome visitor ; and that we have already passed through a comet, and found it less otmoximis Uiau a L-q»- don fog. The astronomers mean well, but they #re terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a jivety pleasure. Have they not in their boy hood— for even astronomers have been boys — snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other .supernatural dangers with which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world f Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station! Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till his iin pressiveness has departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were un Biistakeable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir IV. Thompson, indeed,.was kind cuoughlast autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that, some time or other, the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, his fellow-jiltilosophcrs found fault with some of his details, for science is a remorsc tesss enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period ' dally with false surmise,' and endeavor to return to the simple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approach ing fate, and that the prophecy is correct. Witlriu a few weeks we shall be able, without the help of telescopes, to sec the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught witli omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vision, til) at Lust the whole sky will be lit up with tue fiery portent. Night by night wo shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be bril liant enough to outshine tiic suu itself. Tiie temperature wilt rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hotttest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief iikdeed The two large bodies plunging toward each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon -ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not have time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of in sects that crawls amongst the little excrescence* on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dis missed from existence. On the other side --i the world we shall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. We shall nee the mountains, with out any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust — to indulge in a humble simile— is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. Fur an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, ear:!: «m its new caroer, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it — so we shall remember on the faith of a President of the British Association— some minute germs to be planted, if they lwve good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endless process or evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if, we please, we may contemplate another alterna tive, and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of die comet, but arc wrapped in its fiory tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of the poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a lira Nothing will be loft but a vast surface of n ashes, gradually to be converted into mud e waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas ! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cam ming, might, possibly, be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inauire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be predicted on scientific grounds, aiid we were really to be lieve the men of science. It is necessary to notice this lost condition, for it is highly pro bable that we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth thing!., even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were all really convinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Green wich time, on the next I2th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds 1 The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of nffitire would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city de moralised by a plague. Persons of strong reli gious feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeavor to awaken the consciences of the sinners around them ; whilst the sinners ?jwould become utterly reckless, and would re member that there was no use in keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Some sucli tendency would, of course, be manifest ; but the questions remain, how far it would be over potversd by the apposite tendency to be ennied on by simple vis inertia; in our old grooves. rAfter a little time one would become bore or less Hcoustonied to the prospect. One would fed that it was not worth while to undertake SIWttiiiigBewj neither wns it worth while to give i^£hfi«ld«inployaient8 which have become ue tjSttttyjarUaf ©nr easterns*. Thorn are in jrtrtnwfBw stories, «uch as that of the man who pptelwi tfjriug' his accustomed pill an hour jglBwgWjwWged; m^ if we were all under ?H»iM%£**eMiSon— as, indeed, Bermohs are HgfifpafetairthttwiMw, evett without the Ulgmp06iiKlL*MiM-t-4t is, perhaps, reason gllllfgprtbttUt ot mankind would say, SftKflMMfMu; *w«!ibU not want anything Wfflm&m; *** tit August ; but that is no ^^yp-6n]do6t hareoor regular meals ^^^^^^g^» at breakfast.' HHisUrariatttite onB'TBoktttj' 4s AS IKVALUABLR FLIU3K OP BRANDY.— At the Middlesex sessions, on Wednesday (before Mr. Sergeant Cos), the following sceue took place :— Jobn Bishop, a suldier in the Urenadier Guards, wus indicted for unlawfully and mali ciously wounding Daniel J);dey.— Mr. W. J. Abnuns prosecuted ; the prisonor was unde fended.— The pvoaecutur said he was a dustman, and on th? 13th of January, at ten o'clock at night, he was going up the stairs of a bouse in St. Awn street with some beer which he had fetched for a soldier in the Scots Fusilier Guards, when the prisoner struck him on the head with his belt, and afterwards knocked him down a flight of twenty atnira, and whilst he was lying at the bottom struck him again with his belt, iind inflicted uuuii him serious injuries, which were dressed by Dr. Butler, of Westminister Hospital.— This evidence was corroborated by Jiiines Stiiiirt, a chair-mender, and on being cross-examined by the prisoner he was observed to iw! ;m-i stumer, and but, for i!« timely ;tssia-. tauce of a warder he would have fallen back wards out of the box. The attention of the pre siding Jiulijo was directed to this, and he called on Dr. Butler, who was in attendance, to examine him, when it was found that he was suffering from disease uf the heart, and that his pulse iind entirely ceased. Dr. Butler called out, ' Has any one got brandy in his posses sion '' upon which a lady w!m was sitting on ?me of the back benches of the court said she had, and, producing a flask from her reticule, the (V)iitcuts were at once emptied intu tlie man's mmith, who was then (vmte in an unconscious state, and it was the opinion of the surgeon thaj but for the providential circumstance of this lady having the braidy at hand, the man would have ceased to exist, inasmuch that if it had had to tie sent for it would have arrived too late. After some further attention the man was re stored to consciousness, but could not be further examined.— The prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to four months' hard labor.— London Pa/xr. Ch arise of Matricide.— Mrs. Amelia Port bury, whose marriage with her coachman lately gave rise to a cliarge of perjury nt the Worship street Police Cuurt, is now in custody on au ac cusation of having caused the death of her mother. A quarrel took place on February 1, and, it k alleged, that the priscaier struck her mother with a poker. The latter lingered a few diivs, and Mrs. 1'ortbury, wlw is charged with murder, has been remanded. For some time past the history of the family of the prisoner has been before the Worship-street Police Court in details, us given at different times, which make up a romance of truth stranger than any fiction, and ending in the above tragic event. The pri soner, whose age is given as thirty-seven, is the widow of a doctor named Muldola, who* for many years enjoyod an extensive practice in Bethnai Green, and who on his death, at the commencement of last year, left his widow an annuity of j£500, conditionally on her not re marrying. Besides this she had property in her own right to the amouut of over jt'200 a-year ; and her mother, the unfortunate deceased, was a wealthy kdy, residing at Park House, Victoria Park, with a considerable private income of her own. Shortly after the death of her husband, the prisoner (then Mrs. Muldola), being in weak health, engaged a lad named Portbury, only seventeen years of age, to act as her coachman and drive her about. la the March following she married hint. Proceedings in Chancery were immediately taken on behalf the children of Dr. Muldola, who were removed from tbe pri soner's possession, and placed in the guardian ship of Mrs. Aria, the deceased, their grand mother. The .£500 a-ycar reverted from the prisoner to them, and was held in Chancery for their benefit. Shortly afterwards the prisoner and her husband quarrelled and separated. His mother robbed the prisoner in her own house of £2)H) and some jewellery, and being convicted of the robbery at the sessions, was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment. Prisoner returned to her mother's house, living apart from her husband, and recently instituted proceedings against liim for perjury, in connection with ob taining the certificate of marriage, when he affirmed before the registrar that he was twenty one years of age, whereas he was only seventeen. He now stands committed for trial by adjourn ment from the last sessions of the Central Criminal Court for^uisoffetice. Recently, how ever, ho being out on bail, the prisoner has, it is said, returned to live with liiru. Her mother, who had never countenanced the marriage, and who had prosecuted tlie husband and hie brother for an assault on her when they tried to abduct the children from her care, objected to this. It therefore became necessary for the pri soner to leave the house, and to this end she proceeded r.) remove horfurniture. During this the quarrelling mentioned by the witness took place, .Hid led to blows, which terminated with the death of Mrs. Aria. It was said that on more titan one occasion the prisoner had struck the deceased, but it would appear that at tunes she is not quite controllable. The prisoner has been committed for trial on the capital charge. A Tueillixc Incident. -^On February 12 a first-class train, from Birmingham to ftnttou Coldfield, contained four passengers, besides Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hiuks, and their little daughter, about six years of age. Just as the train, which was at full speed, passed Vauxhall Station, the child placed her back againt the door of the carriage, when the door swung open, and she fell backwards out of the carriage. An exciting scene followed ; the shrieks of the ladies in the compartment were piercing, but all attempts to attract the attention of either guard or driver were useless. It appears, however, that the guard saw tbe child fall, and instantly applied the brake, but to no purpose. The train stopped at Aston, about a mile beyond the place where the accident occurred. Mr Hinks and many others then ran back, and they found that the child had been carried to the house of a cabman in the neighborhood. The only injury she re ceived was a slight wound behind the left ear. When being carried away, happily unconscious of the perilous escape, the child remembered that, almost the same moment the accident oc curred, she had in her hands a bunch of violet* and a small parcel, and she would go back for them. The train was detained at Aston, and the passengers crowded the platform, awaiting the return of those who had gone on their anxious errand ; but after stopping half an hour without obtainiug authentic information as to the con dition or safety of tbe child tbe train moved (in. Hune Railway Job.— Henry Meiggs, the American railway king, has undertaken another huge railway job. He has contracted to build and equip within three years a road one hundred and twenty miles in length, from the port of Linion, on the Atlantic ocean, to the city of Aldjueln, Costa Rica, for the sum of il,C00,000 sterling, or *8,0(-0,(K)0 United States currency. When completed this road will be of great ad vantage to the United States, as at the present time the greater portion of the coffee crop of the country is hauled in carts to tbe port of Punta Arenas, on the Pacific, at a heavy cost From thence it is taken by sailing vessels around to London mid Hamburg, occupying a four month's voyage. A Celestial Wedding.— The Emperor of Cliitut is soon to be married, and has imported a pair -if elephants to assist at tbe ceremony. Bin future consort is undergoing a careful train ing iu the etiquette of court life. For throe years the looms of Nankin, Hongeban, and Canton have been engaged on the silks Bnd , satins for her bridal trousseau, and just now they are Announced as completed, At a cost of nearly half a million hi our money. While the bridegroom, who has the sun for his emblem, goes forth in n car drawn by elephants, his {ride,' who represents tbe moon, is to be borne to her palace in a palanquin composed entirely ^*ti|gBflf|*arlB. | 