"PEEPING TOM" AND THE AUS TRALASIAN, TO THE EDITOR OF THE WEEKLY TIMES. " Angels and ministers of grace defend us." Sir, — I cannot help having just a little quiet chuckle to myself, for it was only six months ago that I was " Hamlet mad," but now I am not mad at all. Previous to the Randwick Spring Meeting, I wrote that he was good enough to win a dozen " blue ribbons," and tipped him for both the Derby and Metrop., and even after his unaccountable running in the former event, still stuck to him for the latter race. He won neither : I was a muff! The Australasian came out with a crushing leader on turf prophets and their prophecies. " How are the mighty fallen : the great Hamlet only third in the Derby : the horse that could run Tim Whiffler any distance up to three miles : the horse that waB to rival The Barb : our representee has put us in the hole and so on in this sneering way at its own turf contributor — myself — and wound up its hu miliating strictures thus : — "Oh, ' Peeping Tom/ f sr a moment think What meagre preflts spring from pen and ink. When thus devoted to prophetic dreams, Who will peruse thy too misguiding reams ?" Even the very facetious " JoBephus" in those days on " The Ring : its Haunts, and its Votaries," had also a fling at " P.T," making him say " Yes, Hamlet is a great horse, but tak my advice, kep yer money in yer pocket." Tee Sootch twang is not good, hut it is not so bad for a Yorkshireman to attempt- Then the pubic followed suit, especially those who lost their money. It could hardly be other wise upon the principle of kicking a man when he is down, felled by such a blow from so unex pected a quarter — that was the funny part of it. But, sir, I felt it not ; I could afford to laugh at my slayer, knowing that my condition was good, and that I was the greater proficient in the art, so, like the Tipton Slasher, I came to the scratch again all smiling, and on the 27th of September, I wrote in reply : — " Public performances, con dition, Randwick gallops, all pointed to such a result. If Hamlet did not win the Derby, it was not Hamlet's fault, for his gallops before the race and his gallops after in the Produce Stakes and Randwick Plate ate convincing proofs that he could have won twenty Derby s" and again, A lam not going into the pros and cons of Hamlet's defeat in the Metrop., for the simple reason I cannot fathom them, and most people are in the same predicament as myself. I am satisfied, however, that time will show him to be the greatest colt the colonies ever saw, eto." I was told in return that I was altogether mistaken about Hamlet ; that he was not the great colt, whose praise I was always singing, and that it would be seen, for his trainer had confidentially said so. I could well afford to laugh at such unsophisticated simplicity ! The same authority also told his friends, previous to the Victorian Derby, that Hamlet was a stone better horse than he ever was. Even my friend " Pegasus " gloried over the defeat of Hamlet — he could not have him at any price ; he was a three-cornered animal ; and he could not believe in anything that came out of the Rose of Denmark. " Orange Blossom" followed suit as to shapes, declared that he was soft, that he could not stay, that he had bad knee action, and that he could not be trained in SteKilda Park, etc. Nothing daunted, in reviewing the chanees of the Melbourne Gup horses, the very next week I wrote the following : — " Hamlet comes last, although not least, and if I were to select him for the winner of the Gup, some people might say I had Hamlet on the brain, but as Haqilet had method in iRadness, so have I, and as he followed his father's ghost, so I intend to follow him, " Be he a spirit of health or a goblin damned." His defeat in the Randwick Derby is attributed in certain quarters to his non-staying powers. Itstrnck me from the way he came home in the Produce Stakes with 9at 2lb. on his back, carrying his jockey in his mouth, that he could have gone on for a week, and the lat ter part of his journey in the three mile race on Saturday under my watch told me that there was no lack of staying power in his composition. I have already written enough as to the running, wins and defeats, of this colt, and I should jsay that the public, like myself, are heartily Bick of him. Whether they will trust him to carry any more of their sugar' in the Cup is neither here nor there, but of- this I am confident, that he will win a big race before long, and that it would not be throwing away good money after bad to invest a trifle every time he runs, for he is the greatest colt, not excepting The Barb or The 'Hook, ever bred in these colonies." Time cures all things — Hamlet's easy win of the St. Leger at Melbourne ; his sudden but' strange collapse when leading half a mile from home, in the Australian Cup j his easy win in the Randwick St. Leger j hi unfortunate start in the Gold Cup, and his close finish with The Prophet, giving him 71b., in the fastest time on record ; his winning canter in the All-age Stakes ; and his wind up in the Queen's Plate, thrfie miles, easily in 5min. 42sec., carrying 7«t. 131b., ought to be damning evidence against hasty conclusions and unjust deductions. When Hamlet started for the Derby at Randwick, 3 to 1 was laid on him ; when he started for the St. Leger 3 to 1 was laid against him. I do not say that this change of public confidence had any thing to do with his losing or winning ; I only mention the circumstance as being a Btrange coin cidence. Notwithstanding that Hamlet was an ugly brute, could never be trained in St. Kilda Park, and that he was soft in his condition (be cause, forseoth, he was a free sweater), and not withstanding that he is three cornered and out of the Rose of Denmark (one of the very best brood in the world), and, notwithstanding Mr. Dowl- ing's assertion to the Australasian that they would find out that Hamlet was not the great horse I said he was ; and, notwithstanding the Austral asian's opinion of my judgment, Hamlet has proved himself all that I said he would, and 1 maintain he is the greatest colt ever bred in these colonies. I give Mr. Dowling credit for his well laid scheme, aud only regret that his abilities were not better rewarded, ©wing to an unfortunate circumstance upsetting one of the greatest coups ever attempted . with a three-year-old, and so nearly landed too, as winning the St. Leger, Gold Cup, All Aged Stakes, and Queen's Plate at one meeting, and which even makes Fishhook's triple victory look small. I said at the com mencement that I was only enjoying a little quiej laugh. Having retired into the shades of private business, I am now at liberty to do as I please, but it will be a consolation ta the Austra lasian to know that I have stuck to my opinion about Hamlet to the last, and that I do not feel the least compunction or monetary loss for having done so. " Go oa, I'll follow thee '."—Hamlet. —I am, etc., PEEPING TOM. 