TOPICS OF THE DAY. We are glad to learn that Mr. Duffield is improving, His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Thursday, at which all the Ministers were present except the Hon. Commissioner of Pablio Works. About 4 o'clock on Thursday morning one of the pUte-glua window* in the shop uf Mr. G. Kindennann, Bundle-street, mi broken by some person nsknawn. Thii is the seoond time that Mr. Kindermuin hiajnSezed; and In oar •4mtUng«plnmin he otfepia rew?rd of £lQ|pr the?pprelien«iono(^hA^e?der. .: This evening the "mnal meeting of the Ahorigines'Friendi' AwoouLtton wUlbe b.el4 in I the Town Hall Exchange Boom. Several ministers and other gentlemen are expected to tfpeak. and we understand the Bey. P. McLaren will give interesting information regarding tho Point Haoleay Mission Station, which he has recently visited. . The Theatre Royal, it appears, is not to be closed long. Mr. Bayless has leased it for a season, and will open with lira. Gladstans, as star, and an excellent company .that have re cently been, perforating at t£s Prjnsess's, Mel bourne. Some sensational and popular pieces have been selected for the .delectation of Adelaide playgdass, who 081 now Save the op portunity of spending some eajoyabla, winter evenings. '' Two of our local firms,' Bickford and Sons and F. H. .Faulding ft.Co., have com menced a new industry ■whiah Is, worth men- ( turning. It is the manufacture<rf quinine wine, which is represented as a valuable tonU., Its virtues are fully act forth in onr advertising columns,..and we_ understand _It is already in Urge demand. Of its medicinal qualities we call aay nothing, but we can testify from personal experiment that the wine of .Biekjord & Soils is very agreeable in taste, beinfflniuta.de cided lmprovoDioiifc on Bhfirry fend tntt&n.;* The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wed nesday and the same houron Thursday, April 26, is registered as folio ws«— Adelaide ... 0-010 Wilhmga ... 0-080 Gawler ... 0355" Narmanvflle ... o*lso Kapunda ... 0-280 Port?Uiot ... 0-165 AnbTirn ... J):200 J Gool?a ... 0"290 Wallaroo ... 0-210 MoGrath's Flat O'UO Hoonta .. 0*270 Kobe Town ... 0190 Clare 0-3101 *ount Gamhier 0-280 Melrose ... o'lBo Penola... ..." 0-140 Mount Barker 0140 Narracoorte ... 0100 Strathalbyn ... 01901 Gumeracha ... 0130 The petition for a road from Gawler to Nuriootpa has been printed. It'was signed by 614 residents of the District of Barona, and others interested, and complains that aH&ough; the Bom of £1,000 was voteS last year, and is now "being spent, and although the Central fioad Board in •heir reoeat appn^riation of the general-grant have apparflnmed m sum of £&M; to this road, yet or«r four miles of the road will remain- unmade. It further shows thkt, owing to the unmade parts of this road, farmers and carten can only fiat about half a lead on their waggon* and' drays,- thus *eriouily'-en hanemg-the-price of-cartsga.- The petitioners advanoe-various other arguments is support of their case, and pray lor a further Jessk of £2,500 to complete die road from Gawler to Nurioo^w, via Lyndoch aaATainisd*. At the Fort Police Court on Thursday morning, Alex. Bend and Bphraim Stoddart, master of She Mary A. Wilami, were charged with damaging the windows of a. railway car- riage on-we WtA- insL- Messrs. BunSey and, Dempster appeared for the defendants,1' and argued . thfct the Aot. relied upon did not apjpty to tho case, as it re ferred to general damage to raflwayi The information waa ifismissed. A. second tnf<>rm& tion was kid under the By-law 2P,. ( ?nd Mr. Bundey argued that his clients nad-Mbh Outre foit await, and that, therefore, the information could not be heard. The Magistrate agreed to take the evidence, when Mr. asked for proof of the by-law, which was net forthcoming, so the Magistrate.hpd unwillingly to dismiss the information,. _ Menm>. CaVeand^Walten, of the Kail way Department, appeared for the prosecu tion. ' A petition from residents on 3roughton Area, signed #y 106 persons, has been printed. The petitioners eomplai* tijat they are subject to great inconvenience and serious loss by. reason of tha want of means to reach the vessels employed t* transport their produce from Port Broughto?-tft-fort AdehMfr-ead other ports, and represent that the inoon yenienoe would be greatly relieved by the erection of a mull jetty at Port Brooghton to the channel of the. river, where there is* sufficient depth of water to enable ynaanls at onoe to receive produce, &&, on board. The meaoaalists also oomplajn that they are subject to great inoonTenianoe from th« want of water, aune of them having to travel 2rmflos to obtain a supply, whilst at a distanoe of eight miles from Port Brsugbten. Ocr? is a Urge waterhole, which, by jthe oanstruetion of «. ■mall dam, would retain, a large a>uantity of water for the use of the *ettien. The usual monthly entertainment to the inmates of the Pufande Asylum was given on Wednesday evening, under the direction of Mr. H. Francis Prioe. Mr. 35.. T. Smith, M.P., presided, and opened the programme with a few appropriate remark*. After which pianoforte selectionf were rendered by Mrs. H. F. Price, Miss F. Prioe, Miss Dove, Mias Meyers, and Mrs. Beineeke. Abo the fol lowing songs:—"Xuanita" and "Constance," by Bin. H. F. Prioe; "A' Body's Married bat Ms." Miss Jsmieson; "Widow Maohree'*and " The Pilgrim Fathers," Mr. Dove;'' Polling hud against the atreatn," "Simon, the Oel larer," and " She was a Spark," Mr. Felstead; "The Sentinel's Sweetheirf* and "Oh, genUy breathe," Mr. Beineeke; the duet, "Hunting Tower," Miss Jamieson and Mr. Dove. Mr. Pnffield rented the' "Ghost Player;" and Mr. Price gave two readings in oapital strle, en titled "A Sketch by Boz**and "QldGramper." The freqnent applause testified the auditors' high appreciation of theperfornuncei. A com pUmenbiry vote of thansn waa paased to the terms of the efforts pat forth, by the ladies and gentlemen who to often provided an evening'f amusement for those less fortunate than £hem ■elves. The National Anthem brought a very successful entertainment to a close at a reason able hour. On Wednesday evening, April 24, an interesting event look place at the Norfolk Arms, at the close of the business of the Apollo and Hercules Lodge of the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows, The room was crowded with the members as well as representatives from other Lodges connected with the District. ■ Corresponding .Secretary .Surieu said, that the meeting that evening waa for the purpose of presenting their Past-Grand Master Bsgahaw with some token of their esteem for the valu able services he had rendered. He then formally introduced G.M. Hales, who stated that he was very pleased to be Ale ia take jpart in the presentation to Mr. Bagshaw for the- valuable aerviee? he had ren dered to the Order since it had been inesis-. tehee in that their adopted oountry. . They knew very well that P.G.M. Bagyhaw, in con nection nth some other *>m«* frrffthnri. ■??"■* have had, in yean gone by, some diffioulties to contend with in establishing the Order. All those whoh*d taken the Initiatory steps to found the Order had pataed away except Mr. Bagshaw, whom he was glad to see present to receive the token of respect for his past ser vices. It was not often that the value of a man was reeogaised until afierliis death, and he was sure Hat it must be gratifying to their worthy brother to find that his ability was acknow ledged while he was in the flesh. He was willing to admit that other friendly societies had been started, and to use a worldly expression, had walked «ver their heads. Still their Order had been established for a good, noble, and great object, audit was their duty to carry out their professions. He hoped that these and kindred societies would prosper. Their worthy brother had been placed In a very honorable position, because of his long Connection with and arduous and gratuitous services on behalf of an Order which not only rendered support to members during their lives, but assisted the widows and orphans that fright be left behind. It afforded him very much pleasure, on behalf of the District, to present {heir P.G.M. with a small token ~«t their regard.aad to wish that Almighty God might longspare nis ■ "*a, uieu* nandeo~~ 2£r. Bagshaw a handsome gold watch, «^*?<" t ana seal, the work of Mr. Sawtell, of Bundle-street, and valued at £40. The fratoh bore the following inscription s—m Pre sented by the Adelaide District AXO.O.F. to P.G.M. J. 8. Bagshaw for ■erviots rendered to the Order aince lfa flstaWishmnnt in flouth Aus tralia—Adelaide, January 9,1872."1i0dge honors having been'-neartiry grven, P.-Q.M. Bagshaw returned thanks for the present he had received. The greatest pride he bad ever had—that of rejoining in-the fact that he never had raoaived anything for what he bad done, for the Order — had been taken away from him thai night. He referred to the manner In which the Apollo and Hercules Lodge had been formed, He assured {them that he had not required any recognition ef his services, and that he did not expect it. He concluded with a nope that all might live long and die hippy. Corresponding Secretary Durieusaidit was his pleasing duty to present P.G.M. Bagshaw with a.testimonial from, the Apollo and Hercules Lodge, as a token of their regard. He assured him that the Lodge had ever appreciated his great and valu able services. After a few more appropriate remarks he then presented Mr. Bagshaw with a ichromograph of himself, set in a budeeye maple frame, 2 fest 8 inches x 3 feet. The picture was an excellent piece of artistic skill, and was the production of Mr. Duryea, of King William-street The annexed inscription waa at the bottom of the frame:—"Preeentod to J. & Bagshaw, Esq.. P.G.M., by the member* of the Apollo and Hercules Lodge, A.1.0.0.F., as a token of their esteem and regard.—April 24,1872." D.G.M. Giles also commented upon the value Mr. Bagshaw 1* sarvioes bad been to the Order, from its foundation 30 years ago to the present time. He hoped tfeat their (esteemed brother would long be spued to live amongst them, sad thai Us life might serve as .a pattern, and that when Almighty God summoned him, ne would pass away like a shock of corn ripe in the sheaf. Mr. Bagshaw suitably acknowledged the gift, stating that he always had endeavored to do the best he could for the Order. Thanks having been passed to the officers of the Order, the proceedings terminated. 