FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1872. THE summer is almost over, and we have been spared the horrors of a pesti lence, notwithstanding that within j the boundaries of this, our corporate tiwi), there have existed in different. parts abominable nuisances. Sickness: was somewhat prevalent a little timej ago, but this was rather perhaps attri-' fautable to the suddea changes in the weather. Frequent or sudden' tran sitions from heat to cold are apt, unless great caution be exercised, to produce disease. But the wonder is, how we have escaped a plague such as the fever, cholera, or something else equally malignant. What with the stenches arising from pigstyes, im properly constructed cesspools, and stagnant water, we as a municipality, have been extremely fortunate. The subject of nuisances within the town boundary has during the last few weeks been demanding serious atten tion, and the matter would, no doubt, have been discussed and considered by the Corporation a month ago, had they been able to hold their meetings. Six weeks elapsed without a single meeting being held, and consequently it was not unr.il Monday last that the sul ject was brought on. His Worship the Mayor said that it had been in titnateu to him that annoyances existed in various parts of the town, and he thought tl:at immediate steps should be taken to remedy the evil. He was satisfied that'if the by-laws were strictly enforced, there would be per fect freedom from annoyance, though their enforcement could not be effected at once-they would have to be brought on gradually. We liave been comparatively quiet on. the topic of the public health, hoping and <. xpecting that the proper parties-the Corporation-would re move whatever was noxious, or likely to injure the health of the inhabitants. They have at length taken a step, and it may in a measure prove effectual. The announcement that the by-laws referring to nuisances would hence forth be strictly carried out will, of course, have a temporary effect; butchers* yards will for a week or two present a respectable appearance, filth and objectionable matter will be put out of sight, and it will be sup posed that the evil has been thoroughly eradicated, while in a very short time, there will be other accumulations equally offensive. Having no officer in the capacity of Inspector of Nui sances save the Town Clerk, who holds that office only so far as to re port to the police on all cases that may be complained of to him, the Corpora- i tion are not regularly made acquainted with the state of the town concerning offences of this character. The pro priety of committing the inspection of the town to the dayman, was men tioned at the last meeting of the Coun cil, ; this would, in our opinion, be the most certain and radical means of get ting rid of the various nuisances, which are not only alleged to exist, but of the entity of which we have daily sensible demonstration. The dayman could thus, by devoting a small portion of his time, be in a posi tion to report at each ueeting of the Council, when information could be laid against the offenders forthwith. Supposing the Council should not re solve to do this, the next best thing would'be for those who are aggrieved to complain to the Clerk, who would at once inform the police, requesting them to examine the places and pro , secute the parties committing the nui sance; and surely a matter affecting the residents of Clare, as does the ' sanitary condition of the town, should , not be deemed one unworthy of such i notice. i We need hardly point out places | where nuisances are to be found, now i tbat action is commenced for sup > pressing them, but there is one whicb 1 may be regarded as the worst, and that deserves to be pointed out. It is 1 well known that there is a large water | reserve near Victoria Parade, and also that some years ago, before a Corpora tion was formed, a drain was projected to carry off the street washing's and the refuse from the Government build ings. The drain was constructed with a smaller one leading into it from be- i hind the Clare Brewery I? take off the ( water and waste matter that settled j in the basin below the quarries. The sapient individuals in whose minds the idea was at first conceived caused the drain to be formed so that all the wash ings were carried into the Govern ment reserve, at once damaging the water and then settling down in slimy sediment at the bottom. This process has been going on for years, and the matter in the waterholes is now several feet in depth. In the summer the water discontinues running, and by these filthy and perpetual accumula tions, becomes perfectly stagnant, and is rendered unfit for use, even killing the crayfish, as one of the Councillors asserted the other day. This is only one of the numerous subjects of dis satisfaction, and this is Government property. Whether the Corporation will give notice to the Government to request them to put a stop to the emptying of liquid refuse from the Post-office and Police Station into the drain as was suggested in the Council on Monday, we do not know. Touch ing water closets and pigstves, the by laws are not at all too stringent and could not be too strictly enforced. How ever, warning is now given so that private persons may escape the penalty that they are already under for permit ting nauseous and disagreeable smells and assisting, almost unwittingly per haps in bringing about some dread calamity. The most thickly populated part of the town being situated on low ground, can very well do without un necessary and avoidable contributions of this nature. If the notice now given by the Town Council has not the effect that we would desire, we hope that the Council will firmly ad here to its resolution. It will receive the thanks of all who value their health, and be regarded as a humane institution, saving the lives .of those who are in danger of suffocation, fever,' and the other concomitants of bad drainage and everlastingly-disgusting odours. THB LOCUSTS AND THE TRAIN. Speaking of the want of punctuality in the arrival of the train last week and referring the cause of the delay to the locusts, the Kafninda Herald says " these insects were so thick on the rails as to render them quite slippery, thus destroying the friction. The consequence was, that the train at times made very little progress, and in order to cause the engine wheels to grip, sand had to be scattered over the rails from time to time. This sounds very much like fiction, but we ? are assured that it is an unexag gerated fact." Such being the greasy nature of their internals, would it not be a payable scheme to boil them down, if nets could be constructed by which to catch them.' RECEIVED.-Director's report of the Ade" laide Botanic Garden for 1871, containing a quantity of instructive matter with regard to the various departments under the control and supervision of Dr. Schomburgk. ROMAN CATHOLIC ITEMS.-The Irish Harp is informed that letters have been re ceived from the Ven. Archdeacon Russell to the effect that he has been reinstated in office as Archdeacon, and will shortly return to the colony. The Requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the late Bishop, an nounced for the 21st inst., has been post poned in consequence of the expected; arrival of the Archbishop of Sydney, who with other prelates and the Rev. Father Woods will assist at the ceremonies. ILLNESS AT KAPUNDA.-Sickness in the neighborhood of Kapunda is just now pre valent-dysentery, diarrhea, and diphtheria being the chief complaints. A PITCHED BATTLE.-Mr. J. Lawrence' contractor, of Stirling North, saw at Pan durra station, on the "western side of Spen cer's Gulf, a rather striking scene-two armies of ants having happened to meet, a fierce struggle ensued. One wag the glossy blue sort of ant, common to the North; the other, -the jet black kind, rather larger. After a fight of some hours, the blues won the victory, and then began stopping all the holes they could find belonging to the black tribe. One ant apparently a stranger above an inch long, and provided with wings, passed through both armies without molestation during the fray.-Register. CLARK CEMETERY.-It appears to us very strange taste on the part of the Dis trict Council to have all the trees in the new cemetery removed. We understand that it was their intention only to thin them, and clear such as were really of no ornament to the place, instead of making it present such a desolate appearance as it does just now. The ground outside the fences is studded with fine gums and wattles, and nothing could tend to enhance I the beauty of the spot and render the scenery enlivening, better than the trees planted there by nature. The deformed trees could easily have been taken away and the others allowed to remain, without in terfering with the formation of paths and walks, or with the planting of other trees; but as it is, the place is surrounded with tall eucalypti, bat having none to call its own. THE ENGLISH MAIL.-Our readers are reminded that the outward English wa.il closes at the General Post-office on Thurs day, March 28, at 10 pjn. THH NOBLK SAVAGK.-The evil influence of the European population on the original denizens of the soil was a subject of com ment in the City Police Court on Monday morning', when a blackfellow, bearing the euphonious name of Dick Scrub, was charged with exercising the paiefaced man's privilege of setting' dronk. Sergeant Etheridge, with a pathos that did him credit, informed the Court that the blacks got drunk every night, and were, in fact, becoming as bad as white men. The " noble savage" in Court, whose hair and beard must nave suggested the distinctive name of Scrub, did not seem at all shocked when told that he had almost gone down to the level of the whites; but showed a formidable range of ivory, and appeared rather proud of the distinction, and then departed cheerfully on his way to the Sta tion.-Journal. [ THE TIN MINES OF CORNWALL.-As! [many of oar readers are Cornishmen, we! I may' mention for their information that ac-1 cording to late English advices thai ooiiBtrv appears to be recovering from the depression under which it labored for so many years, and to .have entered ^on a time of renewed prosperity. This is owing to the increased value of the mineral produce for which Cornwall is celebrated, and in particular to the great rise in the price of tin, which has nearly doubled in value, and is now worth as much as £98 per ton. The supply of this metal has of late fallen considerably short of the requirements-less than formerly being shipped from the East Indies, where their shallow workings are becoming ex hausted. Among other causes, even the demand for Australian tinned meats is said to have contributed to the rise. Many de serted tin mines have in consequence been re- opened, and a successful agitation for an increase of wages has been begun in some districts. WHOLESALE POISONING.-A Melbourne telegram says that a rumor is current that two-thirds of the inhabitants of the small township of Wyndham have been partially sheepwash. THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE.-We learn from the intercolonial telegrams, that the above theatre was burned down at midnight of March 19. Mr. Coppin and several actors are losers by the conflagration. Adjoining buildings were also damaged, Pain's valuable museum of curiosities being totally ruined. poisonei YORKK'S PENINSULA. RACES.-The sporting men of the Peninsula seem to be thoroughly in earnest about their Apri. race meeting. The exertions that are being used will, no doubt, tend to draw a crowd to witness the running. Probably several turfites from Melbourne will be present. According to an advertisement in another column it will be seen that entries can be made up to 8 p.m. of March 27. DEATH OP THE REV. JAS. THORNE. The Bible Christian Churches of this colony will hear with universal regi'et of the death of the Rev. James Thorne, uncle of the wife of the Rev. O. Lake, Watervale, and the oldest preacher in the denomination. This sad intelligence comes by telegram via Aden, lie died at Plymouth, England, on the 28th of January, at the age of 76. He was the first preacher taken out by the Rev. W. O'Bryan, the founder of the body; beginning his career as a minister about the age of 21. From the time he began to preach until the close of his long life, his whole career has been one of untiring labor and unwearied devotednees to the interests of the connection. Several times he has tilled the presidential chair, andfor many years,indeed up to within two or three years he has been the editor of the chief organ of the body. He was Governor of the training school at Shebbear, Devon, and to many-of the ministers at home and abroad who were under his charge recollections of his -wise cousels, his catholicity of spirit, his genial maimer, and his deep piety, will always be a stimulus and an encouragement. Besides his numerous duties at home, no man was more abundant in labors and travels than he. Wherever there are BibleJChristian churches in England, the name of James Thorne is a household word, and from this far-off land many hearts will send back their unaffected sympathy to the bereaved family and ihurc i at home. No particulars have yet reached the colony, but we may well believe that to a life so aelf- sacrificingly loved, no end can have come but what is altogether blessed. MB. PETEH. CAMPBELL.-We clip the following from a Sydney paper concerning the above temperance advocate, who visited Clare some time ago :-"Mr.PeterOampbell, apparently well-known in South Australia, ia now making the tour of New South Wales. He lectured at Hay Court-house last Saturday night week, and preached two sermons on the following Sunday. He is moving Sydneywards, and may be looked for at the stations along the route." TJLOOLOO.-The latest intelligince from this goldfield informs us that a new find has been made about three miles from the Ulooloo Creek, and consequently there is a rush to the spot. We have not heard yet of the discovery of a reef, though it is looked for. The number of diggers at work is about 160. , HORSERACING EXTKAOBDINABY.-"At a \ country race-meeting in Auckland a short , time ago," says the Weekly Times, " a rather - amusing incident occurred. . It appears that < for the leading race of the day only a , couple of horses came up to the starting ; post, and the consequence was that, as there ; were two prizes, the race would have fallen . through for the want of a third entiy. A spectator mounted on what seemed but a sorry nag, was asked for the sake of sport to enter his horse, which he consented to do. The result was rather startling-the strange horse which proved to have been an old racer of renown on the Sydney side, coming in first, and beating the regularly trained horses with whom he was entered." INSTITUTE BAZAAB.-The bazaar in aid of the new Institute was continued on Fri day last, opening at 2 o'clock p.m., in the lecture-room of the building. From about dusk till the bazaar closed the room was crowded. Money was spent pretty FREELY though all present were not purchasers. It wojuld have been conducive to good order had a slight chai^ge been made at the en trance, allowing- persons, if they chose, to obtain goods to the value of the ticket of' admission from the stalls. This would compel \ each one to spend a trifle, which could OP. done without any serious loss being experienced, and at the same time would sum up. The admission was free, thereforejthose blessed with delicate frames, or troubled with corns, stood every proba bility of V meeting with inconvenience. Barnes, were indulged in heartily, j without the* least evidence of compunction, J and about 1)1 p.m. the lights were extin- j guished. Tue amount cleared, after paying expenses. we\understand to have been over £100. \ MR. EL BECKMANN.-The townsfolk of Clare, as well as the surroun ding public, will be sorry to learn that Mr. Edward Beckmann is about to leave the district for a term, to recruit his health, which has tor some time past been failing The business will be carried on by Mr. O. Beckm&DB; OB 1 the premises recently occupied by the Late i firm. Loccbts.-The locusts have not yet quite deserted our district, considerable de tachments remaining- behind, as if to eat up every particle of green vegetation that had been spaced by the main body. Plocks of a small species of kingfisher'hare appeared in many places, and seem to feed jrreediV upon them, but the birds are not sufncien' numerous to make any great impression the insect plague. A correspondent etfttes that "one consequence of this visitation has been a sudden cessation in the supplw of fresh butter, which hasbeen hitherto un^-^. usually abundant and cheep lor tliia tim« of year."; A DANGKIIOTTS ?PLACE.-We would call the attention of the District Council to the i extrerdely dangerous state of the [ ford on the Stanley Flat road. The side plating- has given way and a huge gap is left, sufficient to capsize vehicles going to wards that side, and especially after night fall. EAB.LT CLOSING.-We are desired to draw attention to advertisement in ; an other column. GHOST OR SCOUNDREL, WHICH? OK NEITHER,-A considerable amount of ex c tement has been caused during the last week or two through a report of some noc turnal rambler having been rapping at doors, following females, startling several other people, and prowling about houses between sunset and midnight. We have not had the delight, as yet, of gassing upon this ob ject, but there are not lacking persons who inform us that they have not only seen, but followed it for a distance. The report ori ginated in the neighborhood of the Old Police Station, where a "ghost" was alleged to have been seen by several people. Since then he has, according to common rumor, paid a visit to various other parte of, the town. This " ghost?' is described as w a tall man, with a long face, spring heels, and. two or three changes of raiment^1 white of course predominating. He moves about with remarkable nimbleness and is charac ! tensed as being perfectly mute onjbeing ad dressed. We have heard an almost unend ing tale of. his depredations! in different localities, but we are sufficiently incredu lous to positively disbelieve the whole story, except admitting that for & night or two, some one fond of such dangerous conduct might have been playing somepranks. The stoir has either originated from something of this kind, or else was at first concocted in ' the brain of-some one whose nervous system is not as strong as it could afford to be, and has been contributed to from the fertile im aginations of those who on seeing any light substance in motion after dark, aver Sat they have had a sight of the "ghost." Men have been in ambuBb night after nighty bint as usual those who lie in wait, or go to bant for such things, seldom get a glimpse of them. Had this been a genuine burglar or .anything of the sortj he would not have escaped the vigilance of the police, who hearing the reports, have been on the aieart. It is in every one'smouth, " Have youeeen the ghost f* and the answer is BO often in the affirmative, tad sometimes with addi tions as to encounters with bis "^raleness" that the very mention of the tiling is be coming absolutely provoM&g.;: " . ; ] BOABD of EDUCATION. -- A.t lie, meeting' of tihe Board on March 18, an application was received from Rebecca Messenger for a license at Seven hill, and stating that shie bad from 24 to 28 scholars attending her schboL This applica tion was supported by the Chairman of the Glare District Council and a memorial from 31 parents. Forms to be sent. "W. Richards, Blinman, renewed , his application for a license at this place, stating that at jthe request of the inhabitants he had settled there, and Mis. Richards had the care of the eirls. He bad now 63 scholars on hiB books. 