MR. IRELAND'S BENEFIT. Mr. Ireland had little reason to be dissatisfied with the audience that assembled for his benefit on Friday night, the boxes being the only part of the house that was not crowded. Whr they should have been so bare it is difficult to explain, for Mr. Ireland is one of those actors who performs less for the gods thaa for the dress-circle. He is, in fact, one of a class of genuine intelligent players who deservo all the encouragement that lovers of sterling high-toned acting can give them. Perhaps hi* mistake was in selecting ' Hamlet' as the pdee de resistance of his programme. It is a plaj that will always ensure full attendance* when, it is known that there is a cast capable of presenting it as it should be presented, but the public are not disposed to run the risk of witnessing a failure. There are few playgoers even in Adelaide wh» have not been able either from personal study or from having seen the tragedy enacted iu first- rate style to form a pretty correct judg ment as to how it should be put upon the- stags, and it is scarcely to be wondered at that th« experiment of introducing it promiscuously towards the fag end of a season should be looked on dubiously by its most discrimmating admirers. The result proved that their appre hensions were not groundless. It would b# unjust to say that the performance was a failure, but there were visible throughout the marks of hurried preparation. To begia with, the stage appointments were in sonat respects defective, and the arrangements in ons or two of ths scenes, notably that batweoa Hamlet and his mother, were more novel thaa appropriate. Then several of the characters were entirely out of place, and none more so than the amateur who impersonated Horatio. We have no objection to local celebritioa who unpretendingly assist other amateurs in pro moting benevolent objects by the exerciso of the dramatic talent that is in them, but we do object to their measuring themselves against professionals. Mr. E. H. William* may be intended by nature for an actor, but if so nature has pretty well disguised her pur pose. Of Rosencrantz, Guilderstern, and th§ minpr characters it is not necessary to aay much, for it has become the practice to entrust ths subordinate parts in Hamlet to very inferior performers. The Majesty of Denmark was entrusted to Mr. Sefton aad Mra. Wool dridge, the King being presented in a particu larly unamiable and the Queen in a singularly harmless light. Mr. John Dunn seemed at a loss to know what to make of Polwiixs— admittedly one of the most difficult of Shakspeare's characters. The most that can be advanced in his favour is that h» understood the text of the part, and brought out the points forcibly. As to the appropriateness of the rendering the less said the bettor. Our idea is that there is nothing to justify Mr. Dunn or any other actor in representing rolonius as being half dotard, half mountebank. Mr. Appleton's Laertes was a carefuUy - played character, and Miss Carey achieved a fair amount of success as Ophelia, Mr. Wardo's ghost was a very creditable specimen of acting. At the best Hamlet's father out of the flesh, whatever he may have been in it, is a somewhat prosy old gentleman, and it is no small com mendation to Mr. Warde to say that he took off the edge of his prosiness rather than aggravated it. Mr. Groville has so often played the part of the First Gravedigger in Adelaide that it u needless to enlarge upon the manner in which h» played it. The character could not be pUcod in better hands. Mr. Ireland was decidedly overmatched. There were many very excellent points about his Hamlet — in fact his whole performance vrxs far before that of many actors of much greater pretensions ; but still there were wanting ths grasp of character and the thorough con sistency of design and execution which marked Walter Montgomery's Hamlet. Mr. Ireland is a capital elocutionist and an able actor, and except where |concentrated passion had to be portrayed and dramatic touches of rare delicacy introduced very little fault was to be found with his playing. It can scarcely be deemed derogatory to him to . make these exceptions, for he candidly admits that he has only twice impersonated the charac ter, which is recognised as a study for a lifetime.1 That he should have succeeded so well under the circumstances is greatly to his credit, although it is singular that he was especially ineffective, for instance, in such well-known and oft -conned parts as the 'Soliloquy on Death' and the ' Advice to the Players.' Th» performance, whatever might be its imperfec tions, was well appreciated by the majority o£ the audience. Mr. Ireland is deservedly a favourite, and had his acting been ever so muck worse than it was he would not hava b«ea spared the compliment of being called out after each act and pelted with bouquets. At the close of the play he came forward and briefly thanked the public cordially and sin cerely for their generous patronage. He said— 'This 13 the second timo I have played Hamiet in Adelaide, and onlv on these two occasions have I ever performed the part; there fore I trust any little shortcomings' there may have been will be overlooked. (Cheers.) I trust, ladies and gentlemen,' he continued, ' that this wMl not be the last time I may plajr it before you— (applause)— but that I may meat you many times again. Once more I thank you warmly for your kindness to me.' The afterpiece was the laughable farce of 'Pipkin's Rustic Retreat.' This evening th« 'Flowers of the Forest' and ' Aladdin' are to be presented. 