IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The Return ol Imports nnd Exports for last year oxhibits a higldy satisfactory increase over those of previous year6, but will doubtless come far abort of the strides wo have been making in the present, nnd may hope to keep up during tho ensuing year. The most striking feature in these Returns is the intense provincialism of our trado, nnd its almost ontiro concentration in Sydney. After thirteen years of Separation and independence, wo nro still mere outposts of that port, and so far as commerce is con cerned, only a " colonial colon'." In 18G9 . tho total imports into tho colony amountod to £1,781,810, of which £1,274,702 woro from New South Wales and £450,702 from Great Britain, while tho exports amounted to £2,111,142, of which £1,502,761 went to Now South Wales and £600,494 to Groat Britain. In 1871 the total Imports lmd fallen to £1,562,665, of which £988,798' woro from Now South Wales, and £894,798 from Groat Britain, nnd about £188,826 from South Australia. The samo yenr the Exports had risen £2,769,045, £1,678,859 of which wont to New South Walos and £787,031 to Groat Britain. In othor words, during tho first year two-thirds of our trade went through Now South Wales, and very little Iobs during tho second. year. < If Now South Walos was a great | manufacturing country, capable of consuming , and working up tho raw material of our Exports, I it would bo invidious to single out tho trado it does with us as opon to objoction, but as wo j are woll aware that it cannot consume its own i raw materials, and that it is only an interme diate placo of transit through which our pro- duco is sent to London, wo cannot forboar from aominonting on the enormous loss such a trade implies in receiving, transhipping, and deliveries, besidos oxtra commission and insurance. No sane producers or traders would commit such a blunder excopt on compulsion, and wo know too woll that is ono of tho many bonds wo liavo had to bear on account of our privato indobtodnoss to tho colony of Now South Wales. Not content with high rates of intorost and commission, our croditors seem to havo lost no opportunity of forcing our trnde into their own channels regardless of oxtra charges, three-fourths of which could do them no good, while at the same timo they were ruinous to us. We trust this humiliating era iu our history lias passed away never to return, nnd that tho noxt Returns wiil show a beneficial change from tho late circuitous courso of trado to a direct ono with the consuming markets. A great portion of the mortgage debts must havo been cloarod oft" during the prosent year, and what romnius must bo so much moro favorable to tho proporty represented, ns woll as so limited in amount, that wo may safely anticipate that it will fall into the linuds or under tho control of ' local capitalists. This consummation so de voutly to bo wished, will convort our ports into rivals instead of dependents on Sydney, and tho latter, when her exports nro no longer swelled with our goods, will be placed in her proper relative position as regards Australian commorce. In the meantime nothing can ex ceed the healthiness of our trado, as shewn by the relative Imports and Exports. In 1869 tho lattor exceeded the former to tho extont of £879,882, while in 1871 tho excess roso to £1,197,380. Tho greater part of these suuib must have gono towards tho payment of old debts, and altogothcr they show rosnlts which would havo gladdened the hearts of the poli tical economists of tho old school, who. main tained that tho larger tho excess of Exports over Imports tho moro prosperous tho country. This principlo when applied to an old country like Great Britain is true within cortnin limita tions, but when applied to a now country such as Queensland, is apt to cut the othor way. In our prosperous days our Imports largely oxceoded our Exports, and this was BuppoBod by some politicians to have produced all our misfortunes, which could not .be got over till our commercial position was reversed. A wider and moro comprehensive viow of affairs would regard tho excessive Imports of theso yoars as tho visible symbol of the high position in whioh our crodit thon stood, and the readiness of older and wealthier countries to help to build us up into a nation, whilst tho docroaso of Imports ' showed a decrease of credit and caste, which thoro is no doubt has boon fully restored. Liko all young countries we are in want of ninny things, and we don't want to soo our Imports confined to what wo only ordor our selves. What we want to seo is either capital- hji»s uuuiiug iu Jive uiuoiigtifc us or employing their means, nnd as it would bo useless to send the latter in the form of money, these means must come as useful commodities in tho sliapo of machinery, and all thoso supplios whioh the country stands in neod of and cannot produco. All those would havo tho effect of swelling tho amount of our Imports, and thoir gradual and expectod increase will mark the rise of our name throughout the foreign markets. There cannot bo a greater mistako than to .supposo that an excess of Imports or Exports moans debt which must soonor or later be paid — it moans the introduction of men with thoir own capital, which capital is not to loavo tho coun try, but to devclopo its industries, pnstoral and mineral— tp build railways — to establish manufactures — nnd generally to supply ns with all thoso necessaries of civilisation-, tlio intro duction of which amongst us can,. in tho opinion of capitalists, bo made to pay. If they suc- ceod, they enjoy the profit, but if thoy fail, they themselves must suffer the loss, that is to say, the portion of tho imports which belonged to thorn will be paid for by thorn and not by the country. Capitalists may woll be trustod to look after themselves, and are porfoctly well aware of the fact that tho Australian colonies at tho present moment offer investment which cannot be rivalled in any other part of the world. Lyon Greek Baces. — As usual the Lyon Creek peo ple are first up iu stirrups wlion anything like fun is expected, and we perceive liavo supplied n good day's amusoment for lovers of tho turf. It will be seen by our advertising columns that a first-rate day's sport is provided, and though tho prizos are not heavy, they offer quite sufficient inducement for owners of hacks to try their mettle, and to encourago a good gathering of town and country folk ; tho racing is sure to bo on the square, not always the caso where tho prizes are heavy, and ovcry jockey will do his best to win. Wo maintain that tho Lyon Creek Baces ought to bo pa tronised, for wheuever there is a public holiday the residouts in the locality nlways knock up a race, or start something in the way of amusemant, and Box ing-day will bo no exception to tho rule. Interesting to Squatters. — We subjoing tho fol lowing faots with relation to tlio comparativo growth of wool on hilly and flat or black soil country. Tho, Warwick Argus, from whioh wo tnko particulars, com piles its statement from tho last wool sales report, and says, — It will be seen that tho wool produced on the hilly country still keeps a deoided lead of that grown in the black soil plains. For instance, tho wool grown on the hill country of Glenelg, Now England, Waroo, and Torica, realised, the two first 30Jd, and the last 30d, while that from the black soil of Yandilla, Cal- landoon, and Etonvale, wero 30£d, 29Jd, and 24d. Talgoi and Bosenthal, hill oonntry, wero 28d and 27d| Clifton and Jondaryan, flat country, 26Jd and 29Jd. Hospital Excursion.— Mr. Dibdin who had chartered the Lady Boiven for a trip to the Bay and Curtis Island, hns, we see, generously conceded his right, to tho Hospital Committee, who will oarry on tho excursion and devote the proceeds to tho funds of the institution. The steamer will leave on Thursday morning (Boxing Day) ot 7 a.m., returning at 8 p.m., thus giving our townspeople not only nn opportunity of contributing towards tho support of such a noble charity as the hospital, but also of obtaining what ib so much required in our tropical olimatc, "a sniff of the briny." When we mention that Cnptain Cottier is in commnnd of tho steamer and that lie is pro- vcribal for geniality as host, it is sufficient to warrant us in asserting that the Lady Bowen will be", as usual, "first favorite."-- ! Testimonial to the Overland Telegraph Party. — The South Australian Government intend presenting Mr. Todd and his bravo followers with the sum of £7000, Mr. Todd receiving £1000, Mr. 1 Patterson £500, and tho bnlnnce divided amongst the party on a descending scale, the minimum being -510. j Snakes. — People should bo oautious how thoy walk through tho grnsB, nnd whero they tread, especially at dusk, as several snakes have been killed during the woek in tho grass growing in the channels of Enst-strcot. 1 Yestorday evening as Mr. Cramc, the night oporator | of the telegraph department, was crossing from Aroher-streot to East-street (ho percoivod something wriggling iu tho grass whioh turned out to ho n blnok snako, 2 or 3 feet long, Mr. Crntnc speedily giving him his quietus with a stick. OvERLANDsns. — The great want of horso stock which has bccu so marked for mouths pnst in Bookliampton is likely to ho mot now tho oountryis lioooming pns- snhlo, and grass nnd water in nbundnuco. Several mobs of horses are, wo understand, on tho road, ono of which has already arrivod, and will bo offered for salo by Mr. Sydnoy Lambort on Saturday next. Tho ontaloguo comprises somo cxaollont draught colts and roadsters, as also a few capital brood mares, and a first-olaBS entire. Tlio horses nro from the breeders hands, and arc well known ns tho DAV and ST brand. Thoy aro to bo offered without tho loast reserve. Forging and Uttering. — A man named M'Mur- tagli was on Saturday arrested by Detective Barry for uttering a cheque to Mr. John Joyco of the Queen's Hotol, for £3 3s, ou the Australian Joint Stock Bank, Bockhamptou, ho never having an nc- count thoro, ho was safely lodged in gnol, ponding his examination before tlio Bcnoli this morning. Hospital. — Stato of tho Hospitnl for week ending Decetnbor 20 : — Admitted during the week 5 males ; remaining in hospitnl, 25 males, 4 females ; total, 29. Eight patients in Vonerenl Ward. Tho Secretary begs to acknowledge, with sinccro thanks, a parcel of papers from K. L. Barker, Esq. The " Lady Bowen." — Late last night wo woro informed that as this steamer would bo required to take tho English mails on, sho would not bo available for the excursion on Thursday. Ma. Biohaud Spencer. — The ondeavors mndo by the friends of this unfortunate gentleman to obtain a commutation of the sentence of death lately passed ou him by Chief J ustice Stephen, have, we are liappy to seo, boon successful, the New South Wales Execu tive having commuted it to 8 yoars penal servitude, a punishment which' we think ample to vindicate justice. Great Storm in Melbourne.— A terrific thun derstorm occurred on the 12th instant in Melbourne. The lightning is reported ns fearful nnd the thunder dcafeniug ; the streets were flooded, and a telegraph messenger was all but drowned in one of tho street channels. A boy and girl were killed by being struck with lightning, nnd the wife nnd daughter of the Assistant Commissioner of Works, who reside nt Castlcmninc, wero both struck by the electric fluid aud much injured. , The Polynesian Slave Trade. — An acri monious discussion lately took plnce in. the Victorian Assembly, on tlio subject of tho Carl outrages, during which the House was cleared of strangers. English Extorts. — Tho exports from Great Britain, for tho mouth of November, wero £22,500,000. WnALES. — Mr. Frank Baymond, who, daring tho absence of Mr. Jamas Cliapplo in England, managed tho Retreat Hotel at Stanwoll, has captured a large whale at Sundgato, whero Mr. Baymond now rosidos. On Friday weok' last, at 6 o'clock, n.m., a gentleman who was staying at Mr. Raymond's Saudgato Hotol informed him that an immonso fish was lying in shallow water, and a boat was at onco obtained, and, in company with a man named Baxter, proceeded to where the monster was wallowing. _ borne 12 or 13 bullets where put into the whalo, who .was thon har pooned, and eventu ally dragged on to tho bench. The " infant " tried hard to got away, and, in liis endea vors, to do so, caused suoh a oommotion in the' water that ono would have thought an easterly gale was blowing. He was measured and found to bo 33 foot long nnd 18 feet in circumforonco. This is tho second specimon of the " Sen King " captured in Queensland. Our renders will no doubt remembor that a large ono was beaohed not long ngo on Woody Island. A Difficulty.— A movement having been' set on foot by the South Australias for the purpose of pre senting Sir Jnmcs Ferguson with a testimonial ou his departure for Now Zealand, a technical point has been raised whether he enn rccoive it or not, the precedent being tlio Victorian case. Sir James Fergu son, however, has given his opinion to the effect that he is at full liberty to receive n testimonial from private friends though the colonial regulations pre vent his receiving one from the colony. "Consolation. — Our readers may remembor the . colonial adventures of the ci-devant, Count Von Attems, whose socioty .was courted by the elite of the colonics, the Count graciously returning their kind ness by lightening their purses to the tune of a few thousands. Von Attems after great leave- taking took n yachting trip in the Hamlets Ghost to Sourahaya, where the people have become so attached to him that they intend keeping him for some years, providing for him - free board and residence. So anxious are the Sourahnyans after his future welfare, thnt in ease he should be left to his own resources when thrown upon the world, thoy have had him taught shoe- making, samples of which linvc been forwarded ns souvenirs to certain distinguished mem bers of the Australian Club. Sydney, " who, no doubt, will be able to appreciate this little token of friendshi " A Gracious Act. — Her Majesty , Queen Victoria has given New South Wales a proof of the affection she hns towards her Australian colonics, in the shape of a present to the Corporation of Sydney, by for warding to them her full length portrait, which is to hang iu the Town Hall. The picture is en route tn Rvdnov In tlio A.R.N, fln'fl fsiirnmian. tvrnimnnrWl we understand bv Captain T. G. Wall. Todacco. — For a long time past we have pointod out tho direot advantages, and almost immediate gain, to 'bo obtained from tho cultivation of the Tobacco plant. In a scries of articles we showed how easy was its growth and prolific its nature, wondering why the production of this valuable commercial artiole was not entered into with moro spirit than it has been. Some of our local gardeners have ven tured, and have bcon highly successful, proving that our soil and our climate are peouliarly woll adapted for the profitable sowing of this valuable, plant. Surely if a place liko Wangaratta, in Victoria, with a ol.imato similar to the frigid zone, compared to Queensland's, onn, with great profit, produce tobacco, the yield being highly remunerative, it is to bo supposed that in our tropical climato, which is similar to that of Now Orleans, whero the finest tobacco in the world is grown, we can produoe tho raw article with as equally good results. Tho Wangaratta Star informs us " that a gardener, near Oxley, who 18 months ago was in Queon-street, and required all his energy to keep tho bailiffs' out, suddunly bethought himself of tobacoo, and planted a crop, tho result being that this year he sold it in its row state for £400 oash ; tho result being so encouraging, he intends this year planting more, from which ho expeots doublo tho amount. His land iB of small area, but bo has worked it well and economically, with his own hands. This instnnco of what can be obtained from tho suc- cossful planting of tobacco ought to bo a losson to our farmers, who. if thoy follow in tho wako of tho Wan- ' garatta planter, aro snre, considering that they have j the advantage of soil and climate, to do woll, nnd , profit by the speculation. | A Mayor's Salary. — Tho salary of tho Bight Worshipful the Mayor of Molbourno has, for 1873, boen fixed at £1000. When the question oamo on for dismission in tlio Munioipal Council, an attempt was made to incrcaso tho vote to £1500, considering that tho £1000 was not suffloieut. Wo should think it was not, for if in a town like ours tho Mayor, who roceivos £150 por annum, can manage to Jspcnd that sum, and double its amount, in keeping up tho dignity of his position nnd tho credit of tho Mayorality not inoluding tho oalls made upon his purso from an official position, what must be tho tax on tho Mayor of Molbourno, who gonorally sponds, at tho loast, his salary in a fanoy dress ball, the annual giving of wliioli has hcoomo orthodox to tho ohicf Magistrates of that nntipodoan oity. Normanton.— A tolegram received from Normanton by tho Courier, on 16th instant, states that " A splendid oolloction of ores and motalliforous stones woro exliibitod thoro on Saturday. Thoy aro similar to thoso oolloctod by Commissioner Morrissot, at tho Cloncurry, for tho International Exhibition. The copper ores woro from tltp Great Australian aud Mount Norman minos, and wero especially rich aud beautiful. Somo of tlio blooks woro vary noariy puro copper. Thoro wero good spcoiinons of gold bearing stono from tho now roofing district. There woro also samples of carbonates, bismuth, and iron." The Straits of Magellan.— It nppenrs that the run home of vosscls from Australia is likely to be mndc shorter and not so dangerous ns heretofore, nnd instend of rounding Cape Horn pass through tho Straits ot Mngellnn. Tho Liverpool Albion in speaking of the subject says : — " In tho courso of a month or two there will bo placed a line of very largo and poworful sleam-lugs, at both entrances of the Straits of Mngellnn, for tlio purpose of towing sailing vosscls hound , to nnd from the west const through the Straits, thus doing away with tho diffi cult and ofltimcs dangerous voyage round Cape Horn. It is believed thnt tho services of this uew steam-tug company will meet with the patronage whioh the venture doscrvcs, und thnt in future the disasters to vessels making tho passage round the Horn will he fow and far between, ns the towing a vessel through the Straits will, it is estimated, cost not more than £200 to £250." A Wise Government. — Tho New Zealand Go vornment have wisely icduccd their telegraphic charges to a minimum, and why our Government doos not follow suit we cnunot imagine. The reduced charges which come into force on 1st January arc ns follows: — " For press messages tho charge is Gd. for the first twenty-five words, and Gd. for every ad ditional twenty-five words, or fraction thereof. The ordinary universal tariff, from any station to any station; will be — for tho first ten words, Is ; nnd for every additional five words, or fraction thereof Gd. On Sundays- double rates will be charged on both descriptions of messages. Postage to Melbourne.— At a late mooting of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce the Secretary rend the following letter received by the Chamber from the Postmaster-General: — "I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated the 11th ultimo, forwarding resolutions of the Brishauo Chamber of Commorce relative to tlio presunt high rate of postage existing between this colony- and that of _ Victoria, and iu reply to inform. you thnt stops nro being tnkeu to effect a reduction in tlio postage re ferred to, if practicable, from tho 1st January next." True Christianity. — A specimon of this rare virtue was lately exhibited on the Swan Creek Agricultural Reserve near Warwick. The Warwick Argus states " thnt Mrs. Morrissoy, whose husband (lied some weeks back, had a field of wheat that was ripe on her fnrm, and that, owing cither to the scarcity of reapers, or the means to employ' tllem, llie poor widow found herself iu a' uifficulty about saving the crop that a bountiful Providence had sent to herself nnd her children. The difficulty was, of course, known to all her neighbours who, to thoir credit bo it said, soon found a ready, way of solving it. Some forty or fifty of them assembled on Sun day, and, inspired by feelings of true Christian charity, resolved to cut through the Pharisaical red tape of Sabbatical observances, and out down the widow's wheat. A meritorious action of this kind should not be passed without notice, aud we have great pleasure in rccordiug nn instance of practical Christianity , that must resemble the ' floweret of Eden without the trail of the serpent. " Caution to Servants.— Wo publish tho follow ing, taken from the Courier, for the information of those servants who, bccauso they have not written agreements, when tlioy choose throw up their situa tions without a moment's wnrning, thereby putting employers to all kinds of ineonvcniencc and aunoy. nuce. It will bo seen that tlio Mnsters and Servants Act fully applies to servants under verbal agreements ns well as written ones : — " George Richardson, lately ' boots at the Australian Hotel, was summoned by Mr, J. A. Phillips, the proprietor, for having left his scrvico without, giving notice. Mr Bunton appeared for complainant. Defendant cntorcd Mr. Phillips' service, under a verbal agreement, eight or nine weeks ago, as ' boots,' and was to make himself gene rally useful. His remuneration was 12s per week, but Mr. Phillips raised it, without being solicited, to' 15s. Defendant received his wages on Saturday night last, ns usual ; ho also attended to his work nt the hotel on Suudny morning ; but ho left in the after noon, without saying anything to Mr. Phillips, and did not return. Defendant, on being sworn, corrobo rated Mr. Phillips' statemeut iu almost every parti cular. In giving the reasons for his sudden depar ture, he said, ' The under- wnitor was nlways n bullying of mo ; I did not intend to leave the place, but got a glass too much, and did not get up the next morning.' His Worship said defendant had nd- duced nothing in the shape of legitimate excuse for going away. He appeared to have had n good master, who gave him more wages than he had bargained for; and if servants wore permitted to act ns dofendant had done, merely through a quarrel with some of the other servants, it would be impossible to carry on a large establishment like that of the Australian Hotel. He then informed defendant that he had rendered himself liable to three months' imprisonment. Mr. Bunton said Mr. Phillips had brought the case in order to show that servants could not be allowed to do ns they liked ; at tho same time he asked the magistrate to deal leniently with the defendant. His Worship said that had it not been for this request, lie would certainly have imposed a heavy penalty ; and defendant might thank Mr. Phillips for getting off lightly. Defendant was ordered to pay 4s Gd, the cost of tho summons, and one guinea, professional costs Surface Drainaoe. — Wo strongly recommend n trial of tho following simple method for effectincr a system of surface drainage over agricultural lands : — Tho Terang' correspondent of the Warrnambool Ex aminer, after noticing the laxurianco of tlio olovor paddocks in that locality, and the groat promiso of tho crops, direots attention to a " simple, original, inex pensive, speedy, and thorough surface draiuor, in vented aud used by Mr John Thomson, of Keilambete. It consists of a large iron wheel placed in tho centre of a solid heavy frnmo, that can be woightod accord ing to tho charaotor and condition of tho soil on whioh it is to bo used ; tho outor oontro edgo of tho wheel is angled to a point, and in revolving as it is drawn ovor moist or soft land in the winter pressos into tlio land, forming a boautiful, clean, well-formed, durable, and serviceable out surface dram. It can be workod with the greatest ease, oithor with horses or bullocks, and tlio amount of surfaco drainage which it can accom plish in a day is truly astonishing. Tho improvement to tho land effected by it is immense, principally through its uso, added to main lines of droinago run ning through the property at Koiiamboto. Mr Thom son states that ho can feed and fatten as many oattle now on his purchased area as ho could wlion he held the squatting license for the wliolo country sido." Flattering Queensland. — The Leamington (War wickshire) Chronicle says : From private letters We have roooived from Queensland by tho lato mail, it appears that the recent important mineral disooveries in that rapidly rising colony aro still creating great excitement. 1 The furthor tho first discoveries woro developed, writes our correspondent (himself largely engaged in speculative enterprises bnsed thoreon), abundant is tho proof that a permanent tin-field— the tin- field of tho world and ono that will bo ablo to supply tho inoreasing demand for that mineral — has been brought to light. Now discoverios aro boing made every day, and the country, for a radius of thirty _ milos, liaB already boon taken np for raining operations. I know of selcotious that wore taken up four months ago by working men — hushmcn— and who having tested tho ground, now rofuse thousands for what cost tliom only a fow pounds. I, mysolf, re fused tho other day n oliaiico of obtaining a share ill a claim on tho Severn for£150 that I could not buy now for £3000 ! In addition to tho tin, wo aro tho for tunate possossors of a very largo and valuablo copper oountry, whioh bids fair to rival any copper mining district in tho world. Within tho last Bix months thoro liavo been upwards of - fifty new copper minos dis covered, nil of whioh are in rapid progress of dovclopo- mont, and will no doubt in a few years be able to eompoto with those of older countries. Thon, again, tho papers toll us nearly overy morning of now and important discovorics in gold I gold, gold I What shall wo do with it all ? Why, wo shall soon bo so ' disgustingly rich ' (as tho Primo Minister, Mr. Palmer, said ill the Houso tho othor day) thnt wo shall scarcoly know what to do with oursolvos. This is tho country for your agricultural laborers to coino to. Lot them omigrnte to Qiieousland, and turn thoir linnds to ooppor or tin mining. Thoro will soon bo n very largo demand for white labor in those Holds. Moil on tlio ground, when I was lately up thoro, woro gotting thoir £2 nnd £2 10s. per week with rations, — no rent, no firewood; boot aud mutton 2d. por pound, and flour about £15 por ton. Each man would ill addition bo entitled to a grant of forty acres of good agricultural land, which, if well selected, puts them on their foot nt onco. Wo should like to see about a thousand n weok landed on our shores.' Our corres pondent, who is a sugar planter, gocB on to say that the yield of tho Queensland sugar plantations promises this yoar to bo oxcoodingly good." 