THE OPERA. "MACBETH." On Wednesday evening there was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal to hear Verdi's " Macbeth." A great deal has been said about this opera, and high expectations were formed of the musical treat in store for the Adelaide people. It was understood that it wonld be presented -with grand spectacular and mechani cal effects. We may saj at once that the opera was pat on the stage in a very creditable manner. There were anachronism! in dress and scenery, and yet, as a whole, the effect was good. The banqueting hall, where BanqaoV ghost appears, was really a thing of beauty, and was loudly applauded. The " Barnam Wood" scene, in the last act, was much better done than the somewhat limited -resources of th« Theatre might have led one to expect. The Seettash army, as presented by the " supers,* was in truth a motley lot, and the management might suggest to some of the braves that s slight padding about their legs would be an im provement, Hie cast was as follows:—Macbeth, Golivaj Hacdoff, Ooy; Banquo, Dondi; Malcolm, Benso; Physician, (fans; Gentlewoman, Signora Tonrnerie; Lady Macbeth, Signon Zenoni. The principal part of the work fell upon Goliva and Signora Zenoni, and thej both sang and acted with «™??1I???* effect. Dondi, also, was especially effective as Banquo. Ooy had bat little to do, bat he did that UtUc well. The story is sobstanhally that of Shakspeare, though the text is not'very closely followed. To say that the music was composed by Verdi is enough to shew thatit is of a high class. Ol course it is tragic throughout, and, in some paragraphs, almost unpleasantly sombre. The concerted muhic pleased better than the song*, though two:or three of these were very fine, The choruses at thedoae of the first and second acts were especially impressive, possessing al the wild grandeur which is so characteristic of the composer; and they were rendered in a most creditable way. Thechoruses of the witches were also impressive, the music harcronisiiig completely with the weird surroundings of the scene. Taken as a whole, the opera produced* grand effect, but we imagine the most of those who heard it for the first time wonld like tc hear it again before pronouncing a final judg< mentonit Any composer turning one of Shakspeare'i dramas into an opera has necessarily this diffi culfcy to contend against—the mniio is the firs! CT*n«idf?ration ; the sentiment and ths aotuu are made secondary. They, however, who have seen Shakspeare played by a tolerably com' petent company, or who have studied him is private, fail to find, however grand the music maybe, a realir&tion; of their highest ooncep tions of bis genius. If one might say so with out offence, we should say that it is a mistake to adapt "Macbeth" to the lyric stage. The leading performers on Wednesday cud then work with undoubted ability; and, viewed simply M ? musical interpretation, " Macbeth* waiasuocess. But the difficulty is in leokine at it solely from the musical' point of view. These are pur first impressions of the opera, Of course it will be given again, when we nope to enter more into detail in describing the This evening Verdi's ** Traviata" (Dumas' " 0800116") will be produced, and from its well known character as a pleasing, grand, and, in parts, sparkling composition, is sure to be en joyable with such artists as compose Oagli'i present troupe. To assist those to whom the plot may not be f«miii«y a synopsis is ap pended. AotL Boom uiVioletti's house, in which a party is being given by the heroine, who. from the loss of her parents in her childhood, haa been thrown into a voluptuous way of living, and surrounds herself with gay and thoughtless beings like herself, giving way to a life ol pleasure. Among«t the throng is Alfredo, who becomes seriously enamored of Vio lctta. Touched by the sincerity of his Ipas sum she yields to its influence ; a new and pure love springs op in her heart, and for the first time she becomes conscious of the misery of her position and the hollowness of the plea sures in which she has lived. During tlii« got -there are some fine concerted pieces rendered, which break off now and then with fine nnimntl passages, and a most elaborate aria —" Ah forse & lvi che Panhnata." Act 2. Boom in country house near Paris. Alfredo and Violetta are discovered living in seclusion, a period of three months having elapsed since the incidents in the previous act occurred, Alfredo accidentally discovers that Violetta has been selling her property in Paris in order to maintain this establishment, and revolting at the idea of being dependent on her bounty, he, to redeem fan honor from this disgrace, suddenly leaves for Paris. His iMiiFr jaavimf nearo, ox us wmreaaouss, smvos at his retreat just as he has left, and represents to Violetta the disgntoeand rain whinh Alfredo's oonneotisn with her is sure to brine; on the family, inasmuch as the betrothal of his aister to a nobleman was about being renounced by him, tile generous gixL resolves to sacri* fine her affections and happiness for Alfredo'* .sake, and returns alone to Paris, whither Alfredo~~ia his despair follows her. The scene changes to a saloon in an hotel in Paris, where Alfredo again meets with the object of his searoh, and, in ignoranoe of the generous motives which prompted her desertion, over whelms her with raproaobes, throwing the miniature which she had given him at her feet in the presence of the company. The unfor tunate Violetta, degraded and heart-broken, returns home to die. The act opens with an aria by Alfredo, "De miei bollenti spiriti," with a long stretch of solos, recitatives, duets, and trios, with the stirring choruses of gipsies and matadors, terminating with the glorious septet and chorus, " Oh, qnanto pent" Act 3 discovers poor Violetta in her chamber with '-""?. her life drawing to a dose. Alfredo arrives, but only in time to discover too late the sacrifice she has made to secure f^anapjinflsi In his grief and shame he hastens, witiThu father, to comfort and console her, and offers her his hand and name in reparation of the wrong he has done her, and is too late; but the purest and highest gleam of happiness which Violetta has ever known gilds her last moments, from Alfredo's assurance of hsr fidelity, and his desire to restore her reputa tion. The -last act opens with short recitatives, which are followed by tho sweetly flowing aria, "Addio del passato" for Violetta, ana an elaborate and stirring duet by Violetta and Alfredo, terminating with the solos and quar tets, "Prindi quest 6 l'emmagine." There can hardly be a doubt that this—per haps the most popular of all Verdi's works— will secure a good house. Most of the music in "'Traviata*' has become familiar in every household, and they who have never heard it as a whole will be glad of the oppor tunity of doing so, while they who have heard it once will wish to hear it again. Married men in the rural dishiots who do not subscribe to courses of lectures are twitted with having feotures enough a( home. 