RITUALISTIC DISCUSSION. Outside ti.at body it matters not whether the | Church of England stands by its Protestantism, or goes back to tho bosom of Mother Church. But we have a right to require consistency on the part of public men, whether in the Church or the State. We took occasion a day or two ago to hint at the wide-spread uneasiness which we were sure the Bishop's disavowal of sympa thy, such as it was, with the ultra ritualistic movement would give rise to. Whether rightly or wrongly there can be no doubt that both he and his relative, the incumbent of St. John's, with others, are popularly credited in this com munity with very strong leanings in the direc tion of ritualism ; and men are apt to form their opinions of others by their actions rather than their utterances. Many earnest churchmen thought that Mr. Smith had given the Bishop an opportunity of dealing frankly and honestly with the factj that certain books and tracts, bucIi as tho Priest's Prayer-book," " An Altar Book for Young Persons," containing doctrines to purge the Church of England from which tlie Reformers died, are notoriously in circulation in his diocese. If they regarded with regret the withdrawal of Mr. Smith's motion, it was with considerable satisfaction that they saw the matter, revived in another form. The books just referred to formed the text of Saturday's debate. That our readers may have some notion of the teaching of the former of these works, we furnish them with some extracts, most of which were read during the debate. The following are- some of its. utterances on the Sacrament of the Supper: — "Therefore when the Priest breaks the Bread and blesses the Cup, as Christ did, and says in the Consecration prayer the words which Christ said, the Bread and Wine become 'verily and indeed' the Body and Blood of Christ." "We cannot tell how the Bread and Wine become the Body and Blood of Christ, except that it is by the power of the Holy Ghost, exerted in the act of Consecration through the agency of the Priests of the Church, to whom Christ gave authority. (1 Cor. xi. 24; Heb. v. 4)." "The consecratsd Sacrament is the samo body which was crucified, only, presented to our sight under another 'form.'." "That which Christ is doing in heaven, the Church, which is His Body (Eph. i. 22, 23), docs on earth, by celebrating the Holy Eucharist arid thus 'showing forth,' not before men, but before God, His Death (1 Cor. xi. 26.) Hemic this is the Church's great Act of Worship, and is depen dent upon the reality of our Lord's Presence. It is the doing in act what we say in words at the end of our prayers 'through Jesus Christ."' Equally unmistakable are the utterances of the same work onthesubjectof Auricular Confession. At page2S we read: IhePnest hears the Confession without interruption, unless it be necessary, as where the Penitent is afraid to confess, or does not sufficiently explain the number, aud kind, and circumstances of his sins. He observes what is necessary, and enjoins a penaucc, varying as to state, condition, age, sex, disposition, &c.; The Penitent promises to perform it." Again at pages 15S-9 : — " When a Penitent is afraid to confess any particular sin, the Priest may often encourage him by assuming that the sin is much graver than any which he is likely to have com mitted." "Penances must be adapted to the age, sox, condition, and spiritual needs of each Penitent ; e.g., fasting is unsuitable for invalids and children, and long forms of devotion for the ignorant." "It is sacrilege of the very gravest kind for the priest to disclose what has been re vealed to him in Sacramental Confession. His .silence must extend (1) to all things actually con- fessed, of which lie. may not speak, out of the confessional, even to the Penitent himself, except by the desire or permission of the latter ; (2) to the offences of other persons casually re ferred, to in corifession, and not otherwise known to the Priest ; (3) to all hints, inuendoes, or in direct references as to the matter of confession, aud, as a rule, to the names of the Penitents. If the Priest. meet with a case with which he does not knoiv how to deal, and for. whose treat ment he must seek advice, he should state it in such broad anil general terms a3 to avoid any probability of .'identifying the person on whose behalf he makes the inquiries. The obligation to silence on the part of the Priest does not terminate with the death of the Penitent, but is perpetually binding." At page 129 we find the following stanza — " Mary, the harbinger of peace supernal, Mother of God, with all the Angel train, All Saints be with us, till the bliss Eternal In Christ we gain." Here we have what Protestants call rank Mariolatry, or adoration of the Virgin, together with the invocation of angels and saints all in a heap. If these be now the doctrines of the Pro testant Church of England, then let the change be avowed, and we have no quarrel with any one. Whatever the merits or demerits of tho book as a whole they contain a subtle undercur rent at variance with the doctrinal standards of the Church of Eugland. Doctrines and prac tices are inculcated in both books which are so widely at variance with the Church Catechism, the Prayer Book, the Thirty nine Articles, and the Canons that no honest-minded clergyman, or member of the Church of England, could con sistently use them by others. It appeared, however, in the course of the discussion that several of the clergymen were possessed of copies of the Priest's Prayer Book. This was frankly admitted ; and as they might have pur chased the book in ignorance of its contents, or for the purpose of exposing its heretical teach ings, no one should blame them under such cir cumstances for the possession of such a book. In three or four instances, however, it was ad mitted that not only were young pastors, whose ritualistic tendencies are proverbial, possessed of the work, but also that they were in the habitual practice of using it. The vote of Satur day was therefore an unsatisfactory one in every view, in so far as the Church of England in Tasmania is conccrnod. It unhiuge3 tho faith of the Church, and shakes confidence in the clergy, when the laity finds tho clergy doing what they arc ashamed to avow, or avowing, justify by reasons repuguant to common sensr ; when they find a dignitary of the Church speaking on one side and voting on another ; when they find even their Bishop when forced into a corner and compelled to speak out, palter with words, and tack about now in this course, now in that, as Bishop Bromley did on Satur day night. Wo offer no opiniou on tho objections taken to tho quotations made. A large body of Christians, of good and holy men, avowedly profess them, and do so con scientiously and consistently. It is not arc doctrines true, but arc they the doctrines of the Church of England ? Aro they consonant with the doctrines of the Church, a branch of, which discussed them on Saturday ? J f thoy are, why not say so ? If they are not, why hesitate to condemn, since a portion of the clergy nsc, if thoy 'do not believe, the tenets that were under view. While such distrust as is now abroad among the laity prevails, regarding those in au thority, and their ulterior designs, the Synod may doviso schemes for collecting funds by machinery, as Dr. Valentine put it, but tho Church's coffers, we fear, will rcmaiu unrp- plcuished. It may not he out of place here to quote tho words of tho Primate of the English Cuurch, al though they have already appeared in our columns. "It would not he denied that there wore some churches in the country, where the Romish mass, which our reformers died to resist, was sought to be restored, and he must ask, can the bishop's authority stand still while the affections of the people arc being alienated by practices intended , to uudo all the benefits which the reformation had conferred upon this country? We hear it is true a ploa for liberty in' tho church ; and such, a plea must not be treated lightly. Liberty we must not lose, but it must be. liberty within . tho limits of the law. If the bishop is called upon by proper authority, it is evident that he, must act, and it may bo that he may find it necessary to act of his own accord. In judging of what is lawful in the church, he must remember that he is a bishop of the Church of England, and not of that of Rome." Bishop Bromby should not be .astonished at the uneasiness pervading the minds of old-fashioned Protestants at the present aspect of affairs. For though he may shut his eyes they are not ignorant of the tendency of ritualism. The Weekly Register, a Roman Catho lic paper, says : — " From every ritualistic con gregation in London there is a continual stream of converts drifting towards us, and tho number would he increased had' wo priests sufficient to look after those who are hesitating as to this future step in the right direction. In various parts of the country different Anglicau clergymen have boon roceivo'I into the church, to the number of some ten or a. dozen, and at least as many ladies connected with various Anglican sisterhoods have followed, iri the same direction. Out of every twenty- Anglicans who joined the Catholic Church, not less than seventeen have been prepared for the step' by the teaching they have heard from ritualistic pulpits, and by the practices they have got accustomed to in ritualistic churches- . . . Not only laymen, but Anglican clergy. . men, have been seen devoutly hearing mass at Catholic churches, rather than go to their own. nlaces of worship. where what thev considor heresy was taught. "- — Mercury . ' Mr. WeigalL writes to the Herald deprecating the ascription of blame by the coroner's jury, to the officer in charge, Mr. Hodge, who in the late melancholy case of drowning, promptly gave the alarm, but was unable to save young Paxton. The New Prayer-rooks. — Mr. Gladstone has informed Mr. Perry that ho finds, on inquiry, that the Home Office Have -forwarded to the Queen's pi-inters the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown that it is not correct to continue printing the words, "The United \ Church of England and Ireland;" and that department is also making a similar communication to the .University printers. It appears from the reports of the inspectors of . schools, that the attainments of public. tea chers as a rule are very low. The head masters in whose schools they are employed pay bufc little attention to either their instruction or their training in the art of teaching. The Rev. George French says, that he fs far from satisfied, with them, especially the males, for tho females generally pass better examinations, take far greater interest in their wo>'k, and almost invariably teach better. Those opinions are based upon a careful and rigid examination into their several papers, and by a diligent and atten tive watching of the lessons which they give. In fact, many of them show a lamentable, it not ludicrous, state of ignorance, as witness the following answer to a question in English his tory respecting the Protector:— " Oliver Crom well was supposed to bo the Young Pretender, the son of James I.: his friends thought he ought to have tie crown, and, because he would not try for it, there was a rebellion." Glaring cases of this kind are of common occurrence, and are attributed to the fact that the memor- ries of the pupil teachers are unduly taxed at . the expense of their intelligence. Mr. Forstcr to the rescue. Holt.oway's Ointment and Firms. —Bowel Complaints and Diarrhoea. — When these dis eases prevail immediate recourse should be had to this Ointment, which should he well rubbed. two or three times a day upon the abdomen,.: and the intestinal irritation will gradually sub side. All inflammation will be subdued and ex cessive action restrained. This treatment, as sisted by judicious doses of Holloway's Pills, ix applicable to all forms of diarrhma and dysent ery, attended by heart sickness, griping, flatu lence, and other distressing aud dangerous symp toms. After rubbing in. tne Ointment a flannel binder should be wore, and the patient should be restricted to a farinaceous diet for a few days, till the urgency of the disease has . been diminished hv the persevering employment o£ these remedies. 