PYRRHUS AND HECUBA IN "HAMLET." (From a Correspondent of the Athenum J It is scarcely necessary to make more than an allusion to these two names as they occur in Shakespear. They are found in "Hamlet;" but they are not found in the body of the play. They belong to the play within the play, or the play by which Hamlet " catches the conscience of the laing '' by enacting a poisoning scene. But they do not belong, actually and directly, even to this. They hang upon it as an appendage, even as the secondary play hangs upon the main drama. Hamlet tests the skill of the actors by a speech which he requires them to deliver before him, partly as a rehearsal, partly as a trial, partly as a lesson. This, as we learn from the text, is taken from a train which had evidently been acted some short time previously, and which had been less successful than it deserved to be. It had excellent qualities ; but it was " caviare to the general." It contained a speech made before the Queen of Carthage, in which was described the death of Priam, at the hand of Pyrrhus, along with the distress and despair of his wife Hecuba soon destined to become a widow. Although it is Priam who is killed, and Pyrrhus who kills Min, the main interest lies with Hecuba. We know, at once, where all these names are to be found, and with them the situation, is. e. the death of Priam at the sack of Troy, when Hecuba dissuaded him from fighting, as told in the Second Book of the ERed. This supplies the main features of the situation so readily that the points wherein there is a difference have" been overlooked. But there is more than has been generally recognized which the iEneid . fails to supply. For this we must look to the play , from which the speech is supposed to have been taken ; the play which gives us the account given to the Queen of Carthage. The history of this is curious. Capell knew that a ' drama with that name had been acted, and told Malone as much. Steevens had seen it, but only gave an - extract in order to show that the speech about Pyrr- has and Hecuba never came out of it. There was something in it like something in Shakespear ; but that was all. The speech was Shakespear's. He goes e an extract to prove this and probably thought ' he had sufficiently put down his rival commentators ; but the only person disparaged was himself. He was not wanting in shrewdness-in fact, he had too much of it he was not wanting in scholarship, for his Greek was probably, better than Johnson's. Yet there are two lines in the following extract (the one he published which convict him of either inferior learning, or a minimum amount of acumen ; unless, indeed, we believe, what is not improbable, that he suspected more than he cared to divulge. Be this as it may, the lines Min thus, and with those which I have italicised a great deal is connected : JEm as. So I escape the furious I'irrhus wrath, who then ran to the palace, of the lung, ? ". And at Jove'B altar finding Primus, About whose withered neck being Hecuba, Folding his hand in hers, and joyntly both. Beating their breasts and falling to the ground. He with hlsfauloiona point reisdence once; ?? And with Messrs eyes stared in their face, Threatening a thousand deaths at every glance., , ยก '. To whom the aged king thus trembling spoke, to. ' Not moved at all but smiling at his series, of This butcher, whilst his hands were yet hold up, > Treading upon his breast, stroke off his hands. Dido. O end, -Eneas, I can hear no more. JtoEAB. At which the frauliche queen leapt on his face, And on his eyelids hanging by the navies, * ' A little while prolonged her husband's Hfo : At last the soldiers and her by the holes, . And SW ing her howling in the empties are. I say that with the lines italicized a great deal is connected. They are now known to be Marlowe's } in whose works, as edited by Dyce, the full text of the play entitled "Dido, Queen of Carthage," was published about forty years ago. It does not give us the speech by which Hamlet tries the players and so for Steevens was right ; but though founded on the whole upon the Second Book of the JEneid, it points to something beyond to a composition (probably a play) wherein the character of Hecuba was exhibited in a manner different from Virgil's, but not incapable of being mixed up, or combined, with it. In short, it gives us the attack upon the eyes of somebody. But no such attack is found in the JEneiCL. Nor was Pyrrhus ever so attacked. There was an enemy whom Hecuba, though in the very abyss of distress and despair, contrived to deprive of sight, because he had murdered her son Polydorus. This was Polymnestor and the play in which the blinding is described is the " Hecuba" of Euripides. Before, then, the date of Marlowe's. " Queen of Carthage," and before Shakespear's "Hamlet," it seems that the "Hecuba" of Euripides had been known to the players of Shakespear's time. This, by itself, is a small fact. But when we remember that this same play gives us the Ghost of Polydorus, who, in the opening scene, appears before the audience, before he is seen by Hecuba, with the special object (for which he is allowed a short furlough from the realm of the dead of revealing a murder and naming the murderer and when (having done this) have compare him with the Ghost of Hamlet's father, we cannot but suspect that the Greek ghost suggested the Danish one. It is scarcely necessary to add that Shakespear's Ghost is, in no respect, a part of the original story as we find it in Saxo. In Sale there is neither doubt nor mystery in other words, no ghost was needed to reveal what every man in Denmark knew, viz., that the usurping uncle was the murderer of his brother. Mr. John Spiller, in the course of some investigations made last year, found that hydrochloric acid was an energetic solvent of silk, although it left wool and cotton enacted on, at least for a lengthened period. The practical bearing of this discovery was exemplified by the immersion of several so-called pure silkribboas and other fabrics in the acid, when the silk was dissolved away, leaving the threads of the adulterating" material intact ; thus, by obtaining a small sample and immersing it for a few seconds in the hydrochloric acid, or preferably by dropping a little of the acid on the centre of the sample, if it be pure silk, a hole will be produced, but, if impure, the threads left arill immediately indicate the nature and extent of the adulteration. CRICKET. Alexandria v. Chadwick return match between the above elevens was played at Double Bay [ on Saturday last, and resulted in an easy victory for the former by ten wickets. Chadwiok-first innings, 34 ; second, 23: total. 67. Alexandria-first innings, 87. W. Shepherd contributing 14, 