MARK JARRETT'lS ,DAISY, TIIE WILD FLOWER OF ]HAZELBROOK. CHAFTER XV. MARK Iarrett's Daisy gone to London ! To that vast metropolis where, in the provincial belief, innocenco-espooially coun try innocence-is pounced upon the moment it is descried, and destroyed utterly. Gone away from the Grange without leav ing behind a clue-a track, a trace. Mortified, disconcerted, irritated, and depressed, Wil sent his horse back to the stables, perfeotly at a loss what first step to take, He, however, despatched Tib,. with a rather boisterous promptitude, to the Devil's Hollow-its neighbourhood-anywhere that it was likely a crumb of news could be fur nished affording some explanation of the a sudden disposal of Mark Jarrett's stud, or give an inkling to what part of London he had taken his departure. Tib went on his errand with alacrity, and returned without, it-and with very little else. .; He had gathered that no reasons wore boffered for the abrupt sale of the sttid, but that the horses fetched marvellous prices.. Almqst all the principal members of the Chute hunt had attended it, and great struggles were made for the horses which the Daisy had been known to ride with such fearless, exeollence. The squire had gone for two or three, and there had been some awful plunging for others, especially one celebrated fencer, which, after a most oexcit ing competition, had been knocked down to the Earl of Marston for a "thou "-that being the sporting diminutive for ton hun Sdred pounds. At this piece of information, Wil, who believed it to be the horse on which Daisy had saved the lifo of his mother, uttered a sharp, loud cry of rage and agony.' He would have parted with, his fortune to secure that horse; he would have almost done any . thing: rather than it should be owned by any man but himself. '. So' bitter, so wild,. so fierce was this ory, that little Tib nearly flung a somersault blackwards, lie was so startled by it. He thought, at least, that Wilfred had seen the body of his invalid father falling from a window: above'; but he drew breathw when he perceived that ho, merely pressed his hands over his eyes, paced the room, and muttered-' ",If I had but known of this-at any coast, Silvershade should have been mine I " Pheugh I ". Tib blew from his lips, as he brought back his eyes to their normal esize;'" hav'in 'ad such a sweatin' since I. .wasted to ride the. White Rose filly feather weight," he thought. l?H'ie drew another long 'breath, as if he had just finished a mile in five minutes, and then communicated a scrap of comfort to ..his master. '"Silvershade warn't put up for, sale, sir," hie said, with a forced smile. '! There was lots o' inquiries a'ter it, but it wer'n't to be 'ad-it went away. It went away when no body was looking, along with Mark Jariott's Daisy- leastways, the crowd vent together, it's supposed-but nobody, nack'tly knows nothink-absolutely nothink." "I will go to London withoit'a moment's delay," thoughlt Wilfred, impetuously. "It is my duty-a duty which the commonest sense of gratitude, the most trivial fooeeling of thankfulness, commainde-that Ieshould exprese to that bravo girl the very high' ap prooiationr my mother and myself have of the great service shoe rendered, ,and which must over remain a debt it is impossible to repay. Daisy, indood, did intimate that our obliga tions were mutual; but, no, I should dos pise myself if I were ever to think' so, Isweet darling-beautiful little Daisy-never -never! I will 'go to London. It is not too' large to find theo.troasure I shall seek within it, if it were tenitimes as large. I will go to London io-morrow.. morning-or to- nigiht. bJy pot within an hour,?,: I will,go in an hourn?"'' Hie hurried.ran to his dressing-ohamiber,' 'and' commenced to. niake active preparations. As he gato instructions for the filling of hie valise, he fortified himself by aneurhnaes that it was his tinquestionablo duty to be 'very near to Daisy--for at'loast,a short time, .-to , prbtect her from the advancos, of uni scrupulous libertines, who 'i that enormous peO?tiferode hotbed of .immorality i abbund, and he ,examined' Bradshaw, instantly: to pick out the' first' express train, which iwould carry'hinitb tLondon at'fifty. miles an ihoiur '"Of ,oirse, ho thought' hio had but. to do to'tBrine to go to' Londo ' to.find, himself "in London at a given time; but we .cannodt al ways accomplish what we. propose, andl wo are' sometimeo's prevonted oarrying out 'ur ,intentions by obstacles which spring' up in quarters tho leoat expected. This happened to Wil. ' S"IMrs. 'Rokoby had entdred oabruptly, but promptly, her husband's sick chamber, wheeo he lay in almost mortal extremity, andidon' tinued at her post, indifferent to all fatigue and trial, until he was pronounced oit of idanger. Then she vanished' from it ase sad dnly, 'but not without' leaving' a ":trhioed nurse in her plaoo. Fi'or somo days ohoe kept her chamber, without admitting any one but her ,oonfl. ,odential attendant to her presence.. Even Galiriollo was denied aooops to her, :Tho. first person she received' wno Wil, and ;then; :l "e ',only caught him in hor:arme,:lookcd him tightly in her embrace, wept pnesioo?ately,on. hi.,sehoulder for a minute, and dimisseed lhin'rwithqut permitting him a word, o? ut tortng one herself, '?':O, l 'o decided to send'ho'"a ', nice, ittle. note, couohed in indefinite tornis'In' j hioh he would .ippriso lier.of his intentionton Pot cood.to London. He said: - :, ircumstanaos over whichl I have no control takb me there, and may detain me a day or'tw-plrohapi a week al"'hardly believo it will be longlcr, hid I' leave the Priors to.day,:, , i,Hs moessenger1 to hls'amazemont, brought :"him 'back an' nsweor, just. as all 'his prc?prI ,tione for,'dpli~tirefwore '6iimpleoted, It ran as follows :' ''.. , i, .VWlily,' my'lovoi thoo olroume?1 os mcea bhol con.' ,trolled by 'you,; YeO will renlian" ft"Feirhiolmo Priore untl I .cn, rolneao you. My thnppinisi and ytir inoloudod' fiuturo hang uponeyour-at thc very least- obdioneoo to my boehet. ".lBoid lde:' arn ihat y6eur ncoeuas rll o le oloby he, Just arrived at tsi ' Cirlot'., oe ourao, your faithcr' l unable to rdooinb himI, I eoeinnot--you. muet, alcntlo 't d weroe pinymateonud','bdeoldoollows InitheDovonalo dayn, Y1i' woo i?ttached to each6 on l otr;. I know It can :, ;tenr.ooly,tboroorofor bn ungracious tasel for you to woloome nrd cntortlin your nousin and' old frieid-. to do th ldiooufis of I'alrholm' to hnil' .Yet if' if ahould bo?t'lllyou itiuetft' IJyby, WIl,'my pOt ,+, Talk, of, gun.cotton 'blowing off' the t ooa of a house, that was nothing to the oaplosivo powder of this missive, which shattered the house that Wil built to fragments. 10 sank into a seat aghast when he had perused it. Ho pressed his hands to his temples, he covered his eyes with them, he all but wrenched looks from his luxurious hair. "What can it all moan?" he cried, stamping his foot on the ground distractedly. "Am I dreaming? Is this to-day or a hun dred years ago? What can be the' solution of the mystery in which everything beneath this roof is plunged ?" In wild, impetuous, fretful restlessness, lie paceod the room, making matters worse by racking his brain for some clue to the per plexing state of affairs at home. " What does she mean?" he ejaculated in a loud voice, as if addressing some person in the room above him. "What does she moan by her ' happiness and my unclouded future ?' I want to know that.!' "Do not ask me, that's a :good fellow,"' responded a voice in the doorway. ",If you have a spark of moroy in your composition, do not propound that proposition to me. Why, it is the very infernal problem I have boon making my brain ache with for-oh, centuries" " Wil swung round as if he had booee a topl sharply unwound by a string, and behold, a stranger standing on the threshold. He was a young man about Wil's ago, very like him in face and form, and even dress, but that was an accident, which the human resemblance was not. There was 'a similitude, too, in voice; but there was a mirthful, misohievous twinkle in his eye not to be found in Wil's; and there was a freo quont curling of his lip, as if he was very much more accustomed to put a smiling than a grave face on mundane affairs. For a moment Wil regarded him in won der and in silonooce. Then the passageo, in his mother's note recurred to him, and advano ing quickly,, he held out his hand, and cried, with earnest warmth "Bertieo I" :" Wil I " was the equally earnest response, and Wil felt his hand gripped with a warmth which assured him.thoir old friendship had not been surrendered by his cousin Bertio. ".I am so very glad to see you, ' ox oliamed Wil, with unfeigned sincerity, as he scrutinized his cousin's appearance with an almost critical eye; "very. glad, indeood." "That feeling is mutual," returned Beortie, also closely examining his cousin's features and build. "But the desire to see,, I thinlr, has beolonged'exclusively to myself; because I might, I believe, have wasted my swootness 'on the desert air of the Peak until I became an old, old man-a patriarch -to whom Peter the Hermit would be a more chicken, if I had waited until your desire to see me had brought you my way; and you see here I am."' "I do not plead guilty to the charge," answered Wil, laughing. "Yet I confess it looks black against me; but, you know, Beortie, it is, at least five years eince we parted, and 'I have boon--' "Five years, three months, one week, four days, nine hours,!' interpolated .Bertio, drawing out his watch and looking at it. "Pshaw," observed Wil, laughing again. " I am nota female cousin, that you should be so particular. Inam not Bollo-you re member Gabrielle." "I, do-I shall never forgot Gabrielle Luttroll if I give Meothuseolah a hundred years, and beat him into fits in the matter of venerability,!! returned Bortio, thoughtfully and, quietly. "Still. I scarcely think I' should be able to say whether it be throee or nine, five or eight, four or seven years, since I had the distinguished honour to be' soon by, the fair Gabriello. ..You are not, how over, the , moat favoured on: that account. Why, I could tell you the time to.the decimal of a second,I have boon parted from--" lie He.paused abruptly,' looked down at his right foot, and struck his 'boot with a thin canse be carried.. ' , ' ," rom whom, Bortie ?", demanded Wil withan eager ouriosity.. ' Bortio looked up into his face with a very peculiar, expression. "I should bloe inconooivably grateful if you could tell me," he answered, with a sigh. ,' My parti from whom I parted-no, she parted from.me-hoy presto 1-vanishodd -. is a mystery. You uttered some wordslvery loudly as I. entered about 'her happiness irnd your unclouded future.' I am deeply interested in that proposition, but I oCnnot at present make anything of it, except that. I have boon mortally, blessed with sobral' eights of a sweet young-apparition.''.. "A ghost, Bortio?" demanded Wil, do risiveoly. ' ' ' " "A ghost if you will. Yoet if sh obe, then am I a ghost-sookor' and ' epospectre follower for the remainder of my: term,i' he. answered, with another ,but more profound' sigh. 7 'Wi laughed loudly,.though he' regarded his cousin: with amazement, as hey ox olaimed ."Why what has come to, you , What you "?:olhieing,"" bUosstocpus old B.eBort. ? Bhb 1 youn are somobody o ..ls . Boritie :gae a slltliypreooptblo tart, phdia coripson flush covered his featurds, as theso wordrs de?oihd hi' e.oii, aid h. oplie d, qiickly and deprcditingl y "' i ' Do enot look iupon me as lstraitght ander quacbkiig for his 6Idst goeos, although ibon'my honour I feel bit' too conslderably ike' ono-ddvilishly lik' one. Ybt, Wil, iny dear old:boy. d6 not bholidvo thist I have suddonly grown fiatioiis b'bnuso: I hold forth in'this strain the vory mniomont I moeot yqu 'rfter a'iabsdneooe of fivo yoars, throo-1-" '"Add thd idestl " intoerposed Wil. ' I S'"Aiid tlih' resef,", prr6iodoed Bortio,' with, a smile. "The faot 'is, that when you are bitten, smriitton, overborne' with 'a fioo /that coanmiot be 'equallod in thbsose golden fieolde which virtuous Mahomodans arrive at. aftdr, an oxoitin'g passage ovoiea very long susopen sioui'bridge, formed of a singlo 'thread, you are apt to think more of that faco than you do of anything'olso.' . , : ," Female face ?." questioned Wil, quicklly. :.*. Feomnlo faeoo :of. the purost, 'divinoest, tingolio type," roepondodlrtlo, enouthubiais tioally,. ,'tBut, then?, you havo no intbroset inithat.eort df thing. : .. i I . ','It"avo Ilnot ? ", jacoulatod; Wil omjhliat :.' aNo- oortainly and lunquestionably ndt,' retorted Bertioe.;,.Younievorhad' one uface shut.tout ishl.others. from your 'eyes, your mlind, your sonses," ' .. . , i,;s?hlm led spasmodIl ally,, i .. ..; ' "' : ;,., As ifILoould,? iho .cjaoulated, covorlo for an istant'hlnioyesa with: liin.handei ans seeing the delicious face of Mark Jarrett's Daisy in a mental vision. "Therefore, we will change the subject, and talk of drawing the badger, rat- hunts, and such lively topics," pursued Bertio, giving himself a shakeo, as if he would throw off the fooling of sentimentality which had taken possession of him. The theme was, however, far too congo nial to Wil's frame of mind for him to per mit anything of the kind. He, therefore, insisted that Beortio should go on. "My dear old chum," he oriod, with sparkling eyes, "you have no idea how gratefully welcome to me your unlooked-for and prompt broaching of the present delicate nubjsct has made your coming. I shrank from receiving you as my heart urerod me, because I remembered your lightheartedness, your horror of spooneyism, and your caustic remarks on those who sigh ;like a furnace for that exquisite half of themselves for which they are hungering; but now I can open my arms to you, and say, ' come to my heart, 0 brother of my soull'" "What! No ! El Why, you, Wil!." exclaimed Bertio, ambiguously, but with extreme significance. "'Do not think of me, Bertioe but of your apparition," inter'osed Wil, imiiationtly. "I am burning to hoar about her. We can do any amount of talk about fusty old rat dogs, cigars, hbrses, hunting, rowing,;shoot ing, fishing, when we have nothing better to talk about. But your phantom sylph? Where did you first see her? Whore does she haunt ? Make a clean breast to me, and perhaps I- But go on, there's a good fellow I" "On the promise that, as I confess to you, so will you to me," bargained Bortio. "Agreed I" rejoined Wil, readily. "It is now five years, throoe----" "Say six years, in round numbers," interposed Wil, impetuously. B3ortie's eyes twinkled. ' "A time agreed upon botween ourselves since you and I used to wander over the romantic lands.in which you and I wore born. But the banks' of the Dove was the place of all others we most delighted to patroniso. There, with terriers, or the more wily ferret, we would 'storm the cellular retreats of that rodent quadruped, the rat." "Hang the rats!" interrupted, Wil, irately. "What the do-" i' I have done with the rats," responded Bortio, with 'a mischievous glitter in his eye-for he saw how earnest Wil really was in his curiosity, and he drew his own con olueions theroform. "I will make a leap," he proceeded, " to' the point-the day, the hour,, the moment at which I was stricken dumb by a vision which for the time changed me into a powerless statue--" "Taken as road," interpolated Wil, quickly. "Go on from the moment you were a statue. What did you see ?" " Wait a moment. I did not tell you where I was," objected Bertie. "Yes, you did," replied Wil, promptly. "You werer a poworless statuo.'" "Yes, but I did not describe where my pedestal ' was. situated," rejoined Bortie, with equal quickness.. "Dash: the pedestal!" oried Wil, im patiently, . " Who cares where the infernal pedestal was situated ?" "I beg;,you r.pardon," retorted Bortio, with affected gravity.; "I do-you do, for is it niot nigh unto Dovedalo Manors ?" '';"No?" ejaculated Wil, a strange idea flashing through his mind. "But I say yes?l Yod remember Bun sterdalo ?" proceeded, Bortie, hastily. "Ask me if I. have over soon the Thor'p Oloud I " responded Wil, with a sudden in oonease in the palpitation of his heart., "You' know, when you turn into the southorh oxtremity of Dovodale," 1oontinoed Beortie, "ther'ieis---" 1"A rooky'cham1",l" " " Where'tho Dove forces its way--" i "Among the i!oks and boulders of all eizes and'shapoe?-L' ' ; -"And deep enough in parts to'bathe in." "I 'know 'every inoh of :it," cried Wil, animatedly. ' "Why, I was---"" He panused. ,~'He remembered that bhis mission 'of a" foew' days previously was 'a secret one. " ' '.' Wae what,??' demanded Bertio, as beho preserved silence. , "Often-very ofteon there," he returned, ovasively, :. " I' Well, therO,oseated once on a rook, at other times flitting' in an about the rdoks, I' haveseon a little divinity, whose sweetness of faco, ,purity, of form, lightness 'of stop, and gracefulness of motion, completely on tranced me.! * . . Wil was asito?ded. 'He was referring to' the counterpart of Mark Jarrett's Daisy, He must ,boe..,. There, could not be! two answering, to Bortio'e! description in !that neighbourhood., Oertainly Mark Jarrett's Dais3's counterpart did. ' SA fooling, of jealousy: stole up into,Wil's, mind, and he looked sharply at his ,coein. Ho was extremnely .handsome and. jeell: formed-disagreeably so, offensively so, now. Ho knitted hid brows, and glared at him. "Did you speak to her ?' he demanded. 'Once or twice,". ho replied, dreamily; Sbeut I got no answer. : I could never got near onopgh to touch her, or I would have extorted one word--one pretty little word from those tiny, heavenly lips, . Heigho I Once I thought she would have spoken, for her eyes s oomed to pity my languish mont."' ·. " She did soo you, then.?!' interrogated Wil, almost indignantlyi . "Of course sheaonw mo,' replied Berteio, seriously; "and whenaho s pereolvod my languish-- ,Languieh-languish I Why, Will Laugieishing I ,Why do -you langsieh ? You will toll mo,;e why, andfor whom,' will you not, Wil dear ? VThis was said n a low, softi gushing voice, iind a ight, small, whets hand was laid gotly ,on, BoItio's shoulder. ?..o startod, tried ,eapstily, and found GarieloiLttrell'by hieside., . ,eb i antlj;, looko4 aes if.. he bad been uddenly Introduoced to apaok of ho, in thoe Aretid 'Oceii;, .l he bent very low. :' Miss Ltittroll,'I am siro, he anid, iii a' rcorvqd .tone. ,.?"Pormitmo to ihopio thiit' I seoi yo iirfoothealth. ,' i SRhitto '' a little soroam- eoortainy an assua ? ?lhng: for, i~r-yeot, of. atoe,se ha boeo.mo.a 'littlo .more exdcitable, of there really weroe a voloano beneath her poeak of ico, and it struggled'to dovelo itolpf;:.if ' ' S?hdo looked from Bortloh tol Wl, hnd bak Wt W agind eoqmed to be, e, hor _ .r. ..to0?atlsqWay, daeOd,, , , , , '"Dear me, how remarkable," she pro sently ohbseorved, as if her breath had loft her. "I see two Wile; how odd, how very singular. What can it moan?" She turned to Wil, and said- " You are cousin Wil, of course-that it would be impossible for me to be mistakeon in; but "--she faced round to Bortio-" you -you-so like Wil-so very, very like Wil -yet not Willy-who can you be ?" "You do not remember me," he re turned, stiffly. " Not at all," she answered, wonderingly, with her eyebrows elevated, and her eyes expanded, as if taxing her brain. " How should I? It's as if I wore looking at Wil hero, and from him at Wilin a mirror." "Absurd," ejaculated Wil, pettishly, as if,sho were guilty of puorility. "There is a resemblance between us, but not in so startling a degree as you would makeo' us believe, Belle. Why, this is Bert t1okoby -Cousin Beortie-you cannot have for gotten him, I am sure." A curious lurid flash seemed to dart from her eyes to nowhere, in particular; but it was' evident that the name had sent- an electrio spark through her brain. Instantly, Iowever, her features becamo as composed as if she were sitting' for her photograph, and was desirous. to look seraphic.' She held out both.her hands to him " Welcome, Cousin Beortio," she ex claimed, with an icy tone of condlosconsion. " I am delighted to see you, for poor Willy's sake. Ho lacks a companion sadly; and if you still retain your boisterous flow of spirits and love of-of-an unrestrained freedom of manners-I moan when kept in proper oheock-for you must have become more sensible-or, at least, more discreet than you wore, when I remember you, your presence will be quite desirable. Wil has had much to depress him recontly, and sadly needs enlivening." "I' shall ondeavour to prove myself a pattern of prudent sprightliness," returned Bertieo, with affected deference. "I will do what I can to raise his spirits, 'and to pro mote a healthy condition of cheerfulness, at the same time keeping my own buoyant ex uberance well in hand; for, 'believe me, Cousin Gabriello, I shall esteem it a mortal calamity if I should be so exceedingly un fortunate as to incur disapprobation." Will turned away to smother a laugh.. Gabriollo looked 'penetratingly at Bertio, as if to asceortain how much sincerity there was in his observation, and she satisfied hor self that it was nearer sarcasm than anything elseo, "He shall not stay here," she thought. I" Ho is in the way, unless-Mark Jarrott's Daisy I e is the man for her. He shall carry the creature off-destroy hier. I will alter my intentions respecting him, in one particular, at least. He must grow fond, and make himself a fool over me; than I shall hold him with iron fetters," ' All this flashed like lightning through her mind, so she turned her eyes upon him with so totally different an expression in them as to make him fool as if his hair intended suddenly to grow straight up like reeds, and the roots were disturbed accordingly. She 'smiled, too, as if a warm sunbeam had suddenly gilded her face of frost, and said--, "How very good of you, Bortio, to take what I said in such a kindly spirit, I detect your banter, and it does not annoy me, be cause I can seoe 'you intend to rouse up poor ,Willy, and put some now life into him. Lot me looko't yoli again." Shl0 turned him about towards the light, taking both her hands' in his, and looking him in the face, with an exprossion on her own which, under other oiroumstanoos, would have overpowered him with inward bliss; as it was, like Pharoah, he hardened his heart, but he gave her her own. expred sion back again. " Wonderful Il" 'she loxlaimed, in her swootest tones; "!truly wonderful I .How immnseoly you have altered h but a few days back, it seems, and you wore a noisy, bois foroue, wild, prankish boy, and now-well, Bortio, you can soee what an elegant follow Wit is, and you see yourself,'your freshness' of color giying you a dmall advantage."' ':She oslightly ,puo'ssd his hand as she ittered the last setoenoo. He felt a vibration up to his shouldor, 'as of an acute pang of'rhoumatism; but-ho neither swerved nor moved a muscle. " You can comprohond my.surprise," she added. "And my amazement at the change in your opinion of me," retorted Bortio, in the same ironical tone. " Noevertholoess, I will endeavour to do my spiriting gently, and to bear my blushing honours with befitting meekness." Gabriello looked at him beneath hor long, fair eyelashes askant. She did not quite like his tone. Then she turned,to Wil,. and, without betraying the least emotion, as if communicating a piece of intelligence of 'not the slightest moment to him;, she said-' " Wil, your mamma 'hase decided to 'give up the hunting-field-at leaso so leng as the mood is on hor--and.has' ivdii instrustions for her stud to be sold at onaqo ,ithdbu re: " Given orders for, her stud to be sod eohood Wil, perfeootly blobtifiod by the in telligoneoo. ' "Hush, Willy, pdt l" sh0esuddoily and hastily intorposed. " I soo e[re, Rolkoby coming. She will toll you herself, I do not doubt." ' '' Bertio, in his turn, eyed her furtloy 'l orpont still," l h' , " Iii watoh your'prcoodings, ndwill soe whethor I cannot keep them inbohobr as well asa niy own boistorous,;' unrostrained fredom of manners."' He had not time to'thinlk ?irs, for M . Rolrkoeby; pile, but~d calm and dignifieod, icvi dently koeeping down, with' a strong' hiand t•irbulot inivard omotion, ontdord the rdom. Titue Vink followed Dean-the faithful Dona, the trusted, odnfidontial Doan-into his "snuggory "-a room into whioh hd ad. 'mittod those only out'of whom he oxpoatod and inteindod to got' something, and who weoro'not likely to reveoal the sodrots on trusted to them there. ' i ; 'Tituse followed' him "with a' little 'rii, as chlldren do 'their lderse, who' thike' too long. strides, and with lise o!bo?va plnod'to hlitq eidos,'bil?[hran'da'quseeolnge osclh other iii'dr adf \Py,' his head moving. from soldd p,' " ,A turised his puoreoolbhod oo'i swiftly in overy "directibh' In Midirch bf jthitang out of whlabhs om'o,ositil 'ciild'be mrinhd,"; .1o loobl dlloikoPb)Riolt htlfaithrod tOler4'i trottldf'at"hib nistd¢ e hobld! atill ready, and eager to snap up a bone, how over dirty it might be, whorovor he might see it. Once in the room, thero was not an article there of which he did not take stock, valu ing each, and determining in his own mind whether it had boon come by rightfully or not, seolootig a few he would like to pos sose, and should try to got-honestly, if he could-but should try to got. He grinned at them, then at Dean, and then at the covoted articles wolfishly, then again at Dean's face, which he perused as a Hebrew purchaser of lefl't-offe would a gar ment he was oexceeoodingly anxious to know accurately what he could make out of it. "There's little or nothing in it," thought Titus, speculativoly; "no money in itl there's'no money in it I 'Tisn't wuth wast ing much time over. His drink won't pay me; but it's nice. I can spare a hour, and I gets it for nix." With those pleasing thoughts, Titns.soated himself on the edge of a chair, and awaited the drink; also the betrayal of the motive for the treat. "I think you said port ?" romarkod Dean, in an undertone. " Yes," whispered Titus, hissingly; " old port-I don't mind how venerable it is, for if I have a complaint, it's the colliot." "Oholio," correooted Dean, exhibiting one tusk in his gum. "Yes, collict," replied Titus, liberally die playing his fangs. "Old port is good for it; but sometimes even that fails. Then nothing but strong and hot whisky -strong hot whisky, with two or three slices of lemming -will touch it. I've known it take three stiff tumblers to do it. Ah, and prooeious stiff too, Mr. Dean, Esquire." Mr. Dean, Esquire, winked both his eyes. "I'll ouro your 'oolliot' for you," he said, with a stifled laugh. : He disappeared to fetch the port, and he had no sooner vanished than Titus sprang to his foot, and began to examine everything within roach, to open every drawer, and ferret out its contents. He lighted on a packet in a secret drawer in a large ma hogany desk, marked "J. D.," and opened it. It contained tea- spoons, table-spoons, forks, and dessert-knives, all of solid silver, bearing 'the Rokoby crest, and the initials "A. B. R?" As his eyes raced over them; he mut terod "The prig has stolon 'em; but he shan't have 'em. What a rascall" He screwed up the parcel again, and rammed it into a deep pooket inside his coat. In another parcel he found two or three bracelets, some brooches, four or' five jewelled rings, and a looket studded with gems, on which was engraved the inscrip tion, "A. R. to B. V." All the trinkets were very valuable,' and were evidently the property of Mr. and Mrs. Rokoby, and per haps Miss Luttroll. This paper had written outside it "Jozoar Dean, 10, Little ultonoy-streeot, Soho, London." SHe shrugged his shoulders, turned up his eyes to the sky, and sighed deeply. Then he put the packet into his pocket with the previous parcel. In another drawer in the same desk he found a smaller parcel, labelled " J.D., 10 L. P. St., London. To be taken 'great care of, as a very good thing may come of.it."' Titus opened this parcel .with wonderful colority, and found within it an antique cross studded with diamonds and rubies. There were a quantity of words engraved on it, but he had' not time to read them. There were also some folded papers, rather dis coloured by time half a gold ring, half a gold coin, a small look of hair, a faded blue ribbon, and two or three silver ornaments blackened with ago. , Titus sorewed, up, the parcel swiftly, swung, round like lightning, and faced the door as if certain some one-Dean-- was there, oatbhing him in the fact;. but there was no one. ' Ho moved to the door with the swiftness of a chaseod rat, but no one was in sight. ' Ho listened, holding his breath. Not a sound greeted his noutb oar,' Then, with the swiftness of the roe, and: with a' lighter stop, ho returned to the desk, and grabbing the pareool, thrust it into his pbokot. " There's money in it," he sputtered, ox oitedly, between his spiky tooth, as 'hoe thrust it down into the dopths.of his' pookot, beneath the other trifles colleooted and stored there. "'Thore's money 'in them things; 'they are better than strawberry marks, or any:other such marks on the arm, an' back, an' other parts'of the figure.' Those oats be swore to, and 'dontified marks can't always be showed. There's a lot o' money in that little pile." He quickly and dexterously restored the other articles he had disturbed to their norinal condition, and then resumed his seat onithe edge of the chair, and tholposition in which ho sat when Dean loft the room. .i Ho looked:at the open doorway, wrinkloed up his' nose so as to show his tooth' turned theo pupils of his eyes upwards, and snuffled, in a tone of keeoon aflliotion SWhat a orful prig this Dean inust.bo- what a unrodeomabloe pilfororer~-alsbo, olosalo thiof-likowisoi moan blacklguard;.' Horo's a' sample of abused conaidoncb for you 1. I pibes old Rokeby-ehlful as he is,' I pitios bhij. i'What a"wicked worl4 tills is e: ,It wouldn't be wutlt livin' ind if thdro iWsne't imoney i·' it Why, if I 'lloso to 'be a ldw, .flchiing-;" " Here comes Deani, the' sneak," he interrnpted hinisolf by saying, hastily; h but I'm ready for the backslider." 'lHo;itwisitod his dingy fli'godrs and thumie d?vir ehoiothde:4flattened his earb,' eolovatcd hisFnios' in' the' aIi dislsayod the streaky yellow' only of 'hlI oyeball, a?d in is lihrsh, ra~ying tone,!ohanted, to a dirge-like tono I I'm'?infulliorn';"but whilolsI lUe "s ' The borsar path I'11 go; . ' Andl One doth know, how hard I atrlIves To keoop from doiwn blowe. ..:, ' , i': H-o.o.o-o.~h,' whispored Dean, with a frown, as l;ohastily entereldthoinoom, and elosod the door. after him, "Don't make that :disgusting. row Ilhoroe ; : Why, your voioe is, like a: bad coffeeourmill, struggling with some vry roughpigrrices" "You.'o llke musiala, my brothcr in sin, letting 'tls&othr; fall ..on to a dusty old S0! lk ru.'. ntin ,". Ih re turneod. "eut f Iid, Jcoldn havo any that you are closeted with me. 'There," he addod, as he poured into a tumbler part of the contents of the bottle, " there's a fine glass of old port as you can taste." He handed it to Vink, who took it, and disposed of it as if it had beeoon poor ale. Yet he smacked his lips as he handed back his tumbler to be replenished, and he said, with a grin "That ought to be good for the colliot; I think another draught or two' will disperse this rumblin' pain which is affliotin' me. Much more o' the same sort ?" Dean shook his head gravely. "Not much of that vintage left," ho answered. Titus looked up to the ceiling. " Would Mr. Rokeby, esquire, give you another bottle of it if you were to' ask'im?" he interrogated, with apparent simplicity. Dean looked at him astounded. "Pish!" he answered scornfully. "I have got tholot. I do not let him have it. The very choice, scarce lots I took.care of before the now butler came. I prepare his inventory of winos for him. Do'you see?" Titus Vink saw, and comprehended, and laughed inwardly at the "humour of it," but he preserved a sanctimonious visage. " My friend," he said, in a whining voice, "don'tyou think it was a device of Sating to grab your mortal soul, when he put that clover--" "Look'yo, Mr. Vink," interrupted' Dean, respoetfully, " if you want to taste that '21 vintago again, you will koop all that sort of tall to yourself. Drink, and lot us chat pleasantly and confidingly, I've another bottle of the same old unsurpassed for you when that is gone, if you choose to make yourself agreeable and communicativo, and I've got some particular Irish whisky of great ago for your 'collist;' perhaps a little to put in your pocket when you go away as well as in your inside, if you do the right thing by me." "I does the right thing by everyone, my dear sir," responded Titus, through his nose. I'm sinful born ; but whiloe " Will you stop that growl? " interrupted Dean, angrily; "drink, man, and lot me fill up your tumbler." ' is "You must drink with me, drop for drop, or I don't touch it," replied Titus, looking up at Dean from beneath his bushy brows. "You see I do," responded Dean, tossing off the remainder of his tumbler, and re plenishing it, "And shall," thought Titus, looking up at the coiling with an expression as if the cholio, after tearing and twisting his vitals, had left him feeble and spiritless. "If you can see, speak, walk or crawl when I say good bye, I'll return you them articles I've taken under my care." Dean poured more wine into both tum blers after both had drunk from them, began to talk of affairs at Fairholmo Priors, pretended to be very confidential in his re voelations of the proooodings of the family, and intimated that he could toll a great deal if it were made worth his while. "I'm so poor," .snuffled Titus, closing his eyes ; "I'm a blade o' grass at the mussy o' the mower, I'm a stork o' oats blown about by every blast; but if you've anything to toll me in secret--which I'd keep it as snug as my 'art's blood-wuth my knowin' on, why what I could do-it's very small-I would. You don't drink as I do."' "'There I " cried Dean, tossing off aill the wine in his tumbler. He re-filled it, and "ourod more into that of Titus, who betrayed no modest reluctance to accept it, although he drank more oau .tiously than Dean. "I do.know a great deal worth your while to know," said the dishonest rascal. "I know why the governor has kept himself to himself for so many years. I know a good deal about my lady which she wouldn't liko the master nor any one else inthe world to know, and I know something, about my young lady too, which would givo hbe a fit of hysterics if I wore to poach about it." Titus took up the second bottle of wine, which Dean had just opened, and roplon ished the steward's glass. "You ain't a drinkin' fair. I takes two to your one," he said, pretending: to drink again. Then he added, as he sat down, with artfully affected simplicity, "youpmeans Miss Gay- broo-holl Luttroll?" "I mean her," returned Deoan, ith a signifloont nod of the head. "A alabarstor of poority an' wirtuo," ap ponded Titue, staring fixedly at Dean. Dean laughed scornfully. " We are all angels of purity until ye are found out," he said, contomptuously.,, "I begs your pardon," objectod;Titus, with a whino. "I'm sinful born---' Dean placed his hand before his mooth. "Between you and me," he said; with a aunning leer, "we can drop cant, and show ourselves to each other aes w are. i Now, if I toll you secrets, you must toll me 'serets, and go on until we cry quite. ' What did the governor want with you inhis niiggery to-day?" _ ill", Titus Vink submitted to 'him a" ery ex tonsivo view of his'tooth. "What have you gdot to peacho about~Miss Gay-lireo-holl Luttroll ?" he domanded; If I split, you will ai t, ohs? ' ox olaimod Deant oonditionally. Titus placed his grimy hand on his Waist coat buttons. h , 'Doan drained his glass, then.glnood round the room, rose from Ihis esat, and placeid his ear to the door, atd litouqd at tentitvely. ' STitus, with a nimble but rioiseleu i goAility, flleod the steward's glhass to the 'birnS, and when hlie returned he was rolling his'thumbe over each other. 'Ddan looked at him for an instatit; and resoating himself, said, in an irritant tono "Don't twiddloe your cursed thuml'd. It fdgets mo--they ire oso dirty." Tituse instantly concealed them under his arms. "Do you know Oolonol Waldron P" quos. tioned Dean, after a moment's thought, "Yo.es," roturned 'Titus, hositatingly, " a trifleo--soon himn oneoo dr twhloo.'" : That's an ovasion. You Iknowhim well onough, You've done some dirty.' wo, for him, I know., Now, I want ino hlisei~'don't interrupt me., I know ti gret denl;'biit not quite enough for my game," .:!. . :"Loevi" ejaculated Tituee ;'wlvth "ulooko of wonder, ' Wd h " Well,'Oolonol Woaldro idhas fodo'but a ooorot about Miss Gabrieollo, toiwhdm, there is hanging an enormous amount:offioOalth," pursued Doanr. half musuigly.g , Ii,~it' "A scorot wilths money In it !? tohght Uvis. wits avidity. 'L! hmll itlnItIal be mine: Yo.oe, dear, kind friend," he said fondlingly. "And the colonel moans to marry hor-to bolt with her, and make her his wife on the "No?" ejaculated Titus, as if appalled. " He does," procoodod Dean, speaking a little thickly; " and I think, as far as bho's concerned, ho's got at chance, though she's pledgeod to Mr. Willy." "Par-rion marble 'as stains, an' flaws, an' black wanes in it," groanod Titus, up lifting his hands and oyes. "Yes, she has mot him in secret in the arboretum," he continued, lowering his voice. "I happonod to bo thoro in confi doential talk with one who knows more about her than sho will toll at present, and, I think, a good deal too much abouit the colonel." "Who might that ha' boon?" asked Titus, as if he had no particular objoot in knowing. " A woman named Joyse Stoke," replied Dean, quaffing his wine, "You don't say so I" muttorod Titus, in his throat, and staring hard at Dean's.pink heooks nad bright eyes, "You don't know her, of course ? What a vixen she is When we 'saw the colonel with Miss Gabriollo in his arms, in a faint, I had the hardest work to hold her in; but I did, and luckily, for Miss Gabriollo came to suddenly, and burst out crying wildly, and bolted liko a lapwing. The coloiol out it too, or Joyso would have pinned him like a terrier would a bull." "A-a--why? Mr. Dean, excellent an' superior steward-why ? " asked Titus, meeooly. "Because there's something betwoon them which gives her a power over the colonol," answered Dean, beginning suddenly to ar ticulate with much diflloulty. "tShe said she could hang him-ha I ha I-and-she -could-bring-a boaiu'y to be Queen of- of Fa- romo Pri-ors--hli." "Do try a little more wino," suggested Titus. "I've drankod all mine several times over to your once." lie offered him a replenished tuinbler, "She-said-she said-but min,' I don' qni' bloov'--this," pursued Dean, awallow ing half the contonts of the tumbler. "' That-Miss Gaibriollo-is-a--iot--what sho-shooms--" "L dioes--so--sldom am," interpolatod tiitus, with a weary smile. "And that slhe could take her fromi this .dlaeo at a wor'-aln' pitch hor-pitoh her pIitch her-I can't remoni'or tlhe 'foenal pliace-Mies Gabriollo, neverth'loss is an rich wvom'n, very wealth wom'n--but Mr. rtdkoby won't'par' with hor, won't.lot her go-but'll maik' her marry 'son Willy." "Why?" inquired Titus, playfully. Toll 'me why? Yoil will toll me why, won't you Taklo a little sip moreo 'You're a tea-bottle man-you're not iafraid of it, I'mn uro." "Not of a butt," returned Donn, bocom ing rapidly drunrk. "I can look it in---a taoo likeo a man, and ,over cry a go-nov'r." HIo struok the table sharply with his fist. "You didn't say why, Mr. Rokoeby, LE. quiro, noblo and respootable gontleman, will make his son marry Miss Qny-.b~ooeholl," porcisted Titus, coaxingly, i S"For soarot roasone," returned Dean, nodding his hoad aignilioantly. "Joyso ,.toko, thoe tigroes, knows 'cm. I know 'oe too., Lot's soo. What did I do with hor 'dross? Sho's moved from old spot--oan only bo, founid this place-I'mn only one in. .oorot. Ha I hal I koow 'lhow to' coax her on. ` What did I do with her 'dross P" I Ho fumbled over somo papors looso in his pookot, and'prosontly took from among theim a folded papor, oponod it, and road, sombs writing upon' it. Ho ymilod, rofoldod 'it,' took out a, pookot-book, itto ,whibl ho, put it, atid returned it to his breast pockol. ' " Th'at's 'min;, an' mine only! Don't :part with' that for a tliousan', poun','! ho cribd;: ''" It's'wocth it. That devil's a gold 'inon of Sboretsl" ' Titus on this booamo notivoly bad:with the' oholio. Dean prosoribod whisky-atd-wahtor, hot, which was brewed, and Titus, ,at dvery riske drank some, but would nicke Dean help him with the greoator part. ' Then,. whoi' Deoan inlisted upon being entrusted with a Irovelation .of his, soorot :businoss'with Mr, Rokoby, Titun commoieod 'a toindabout mystorious talo, utterly cou fuaoing to Doean's, muddled :intoloot, pro coodd, to declaro that Mr. Rokoby had bo odmo converted, and as' about to build a tabernaolo for' hnim Titus, in whioh, ho w?as 'to expound' truths, smite sinnors,, priolrup ,the indifforout, aroiso the dormant, and lead' the mbro olnhueiastio, sheep of the flock' to the fold of glory. By this time Doean, who had the secret 'viod of drinking, but who rarely indulgod copiously, unless when albout at night prior to returning to rest, had booomo spooeoehlsly intoiloatod. fo had commeonood with! tlh intbhtio'n' of making Titus ineuobriated, !and b''"oliovihg 'that he could drink: him.. tipsy while he himself remained sober, quaffed by far'too freeooly at the outset, with a view. of ,loading Titus on ; but Titus was a aesonohd, hardened old soaker, and when Dean, after two hours' filthy toping, booamo insensible, ho' as quiito cloarhoaded, and had all: his wits about him. With an affootation of tenderness, he lay Dean on the floor, and placed a carpet has Sook under his head. "Poor, misguided child o' sin I" he mut tered. "It would be so oruol to leave you to die in your drink I It would be oruellor. to leave you with that pookot-boolr, for any thiovin', potty-laroony sooundrols to fileo from you. No; I'll take it into my oustody, an' "-ho looked about him--"anything ' elseo that may be useful, and won't be miessed just' amodiately." He stooped down over the prostrate; drunken stoward, and with a light hand and reomarkable dexterity, which had all the ap poaranceoo of groat practioo, he inserted his ihand in the inner pookot of his coat, and brought forth the pookeot-book, which ho doe posited instantly with his other treasures, . Then he rose up, and selecting a few artiolos, of which he know when, whore, and how immediately to make money, he stole stealthily from the room, and closed the door after him. Avoiding the corridors, dosoending by the servants' staircase where he could, ha' con trived to quit Fairholmoe ''rior by tho doh ,e sostio' entrance, without exciting noticea: As soon 'as he had' returned to "his little slop, within a fewi doors of his corrugated iron chapel, he buried himsqlf 'in lies bask ý,;: parlour, whore ho dlsgorgirI, nud sto'dl iMway in an old, oaken iron-bound chest the " pro fits" he had made 'that morning. Except the address of Joyse Stoke, and that he kept for immediate usi. On reading it, he found that it was in a cottage in Devil's Hollow, close to Mark Jar rott's Grange. "Thoughtful gal," he said, with a peculiar smile. "Pitched her tent there for good and suflicient reasons. Soots me. I don't want to b saeoon to go a flourishin' there-an' I must go at once, She won't be frantiokly delirious with joy to see me, and may say spitoful, harsh, an' unjust things; but there is much trouble to put in all our pax, and I can hear mine." Titus know the nearest and most secret paths to follow to the direction he had so fraudulently obtained, and he found himself in the gloom of the Devil's Hollow very quickly. IIe looked about to discover a track likely to take him to the cottage of which he was in search, when lie suddenly felt a cold-bitterly cold--hand glide between his neck and his drab-white neoholoth, and olutch the latter with unmistakable tightness. At the same moment, a rich, musical voice, unpleasantly savage in its tone, snarled, as it were, in his ear "Dog, at last I have you " If the unexpected stranger had been the hangman pouncing upon him, to convey him at full speed to the gallows, he could not have felt more earnestly disposed to slink into his boots, and conceal himself in the toes of one of them, than he did at that instant lie turned his head to the unbidden in truder as well as he conld, and from the utmost cornors of his eyelide he saw that he was in the grip of a tall, gipsy-like woman, with a strikingly handsome face, and bril liantly'glittering black eyes. There was a terrible expression on her well formed features, and he readily interpreted its meaning. Hle wriggled and twisted, and writhed, yet not violently, but as if he was being tickled, and it'gavo him the spasms, Ho grinned like a panther at an armed hunter, while he mum bledl, with painful affected playfulness- ' " What Joyso I-what, Joysy Stoke I what, my pooty Joysy Poysy Stoke I Law -1-who'd ha' thought o' 'seeii' you? .O, my I Well, now, it is a treat to see our 'ansum'Joysy I" iAnd though 'he felt her cold fingers press lg into.his throat like rigid ioidlos,.ho added, to himiolf-quito toh snielf ." For. there's monsy in` it'; there's money (l? bo continued.) 