( THiATJRESj J^USIC, AND . ?i ': . FASHION '?;.'.. ? fBv our Paris CorresDonSent.l . ..????:?.?? Paris, March 23. : Thej^b^s.t— *' ©aniel 'b/LaHnn.' is a drariia'.iri. five afcts, represented at ibhe Chatelet ..Theatre, 'tiie subject. being ihe incidente in the life of the . model patriot Maniriyandhis efforts -to drive the Aus triaris^frdm. Venice. : '^Brfever'was a moria iniquiWus l-treatyf signed than that of Gampp-rFprmip, by wiich the First Na poleoh delivered. Yenetia to Austria, and that was only undone by Sadowa. IJpto T;848, the ' Venetians, submitted' - to the hated.'yoke: of ihe stranger ; then tlie Hon; of Saint Stark awoke, Venice: declared ?. Sierself ' a Republic, elepted Mfeuiin' Presi dent/ arid for -12 ?? months sustained a seige,; surrenderirig'' when ther^ was no longer .hope, . when .ihe last crust was' .reached^ and the last ounce of powder shot,. away. ; ../The d.efeat. of.ypurig Italy at ]Sovarra 'did oiofe frighten: the fee publi^, : jq(6Y ? -tiie ? abominable' , sack of !Br'esclajby H&ylaari; i«Tnfy :it. 'Previous LSepuT-ljcs . snpwe^ that '%e Venetians -coidd fight, : wfiile ,3ier merchants .ex pended their plethora, of geld with the munificence of princes and the fantasy of . artists, for beniird a , Spartan facade ; TTerii.ee ' had the 'elegancies and arts of Athens. The year 1848;- f pund ; Manin in ^prison in; Venice for anti- Austrian politics. He wasJthen 43 years of age, rather small inj figure, and wearing his proverbial glassfa. -. By - prpfession a, lawyer — by patriotism the popular-leader. He was an enthusiast for liberty, but1 not the less so for law. ; He was no vulgar a^tator— no Habagas. ; He never com promised ' himself' ' 'with ' 'diso'rder ; or; anarchy. Tte jRevolutiori he unchained -he directed. His .love, for the. people was -'serious^ simple, and austere. When an Smeute arpsp' he- confronted it and forced it ' back. He was ;the natural chief, pf the ;insurrectipn — the natural heir ef the Foscari and Dandolo. During his dictatorship; 'he never. bost. his country a ducat ; he was poor to the verge of poverty, and hW gave '.. to a patriotic subscription all the property he , possessed— his ; silver snuffbox ;' he added, in addition, his life. .Escaping after the fall of Venice, he landed at Marseilles, where hie lost his wife from cholera ; a ..few.; years later his, only daughter Emilia, and in 1&57 he' died himself j and was temporariiy interredfin this familv vault of ?Avv Sdheffer. till his f eUdw-citizens, at last free, claimed 'his remains. He .entered Xenicer— but by way/ of the tomb. At Paris this suc-: cessor of the Doges: disdained all succor ;; hesuppbrted himself 'by 'giving lessons in Italian, lived in reiarenient arid modesty. The drama is a' faithful photograph of the Venetian Revolution, the only fiction— a thread — is the making of Mania's daughter in -love with the son of the most cruel of ' the Austrian Generals — of her repulsion for heAoyer Leopold, when she discovers his ' nationality,' and the return of her;affecti®n on meeting him fighting side by side with the patriots; he re ceives his reward — Emilia's hand— at the deathbed of her father. The scenery is beautxiul, superb ; no traveller wno Has been at Venice but will recognise it once again on the stage ; its beauties can never be fdrgdttori.: . Other cities have ad mirers ;: but Venice alone has lovers. The first act opens with, the arrest,. of Manin. by the Sbirri? then follows a splendid view; of ;:the -principal tsanal,- its gondolas, and the rich and delicate archi tecture of St. Mark's Cathedral,: the nriion ^-f , the two Republican parties, where ihe chiefs swear at the foot of an altar to conquer or die,/the\arrival- of -Emilia, -exhorting the people to rise to liberate her father, the release of Manin, his storming of the Arsenal with a band of one hundred mep., the repulse^ of the night assault on a bastion, the execution of two . traitors, the heroic death of a general, the bombarded inhabitants seek-o ing . shelter: in - the niucal palace, the city in its last^,gpny, the departure -of Manin into exile,* and. lastithe posthumous apo theosis of Manin, where dark, clouds lift, themselves away, and reveal the interior of St; -Mark's— at once ?- dazzling I and sombre, pillars full ;of stataes,'8culptured ;gaileries— |ihe golden rdbf and, its angels, and the altar,. with the catafalque— all is ^magical and marvelldus.: The lasttabieau aldrio would; ensure the' success of the drama. ,Tte: acting was in keteping^ Mile. Felix, as EiriiUa, was terribly grand in. , the , second ' act. ..ClotKed in wrhite, td: action and to lay the usurpers low.- She was more a heroine than a woman— more of a patriot than a Ipver, Her threats and. .contempt on discoyering Leopold to ? be an Austrian^ caused a shudder to run ' through9- :the 'spectators;; -each glacial, killing word was us the coldness of the poignard' penei^rating ;thei heart. Equally triumphal wasjier'acting as the Nemesis of Italy. ? Lacressenniere, who filled the role of Manin, recalled the. great patriot's character to the life— simple dignity , firm authority, goodness, courage, and sadness. ine Parisians attested tne launiumess 01 the siege-life .. depicted, and no one can dispute their competency. 'Sans Chezlui en 1869,' by M. Gondinet, is a threa-act comedy, and which succeeds the ' Princess Georges' of Dumas, at the Gymnase. The author is young, and has written two successful plays already, ' Christiane' still holding its own at the Theatre Francais. On the present occasion he has proved a failure, and his play is full of spite against all foreigners, and so far mischievous. The subject of Paris at home in 1869 is ostensibly to represent a time in the .history _of. the capital when.it was_ the earavansary of the. world, and wjhen the dwellers beyond. Mesopotamia flopked here. The plot ' is nothing but' thej ]beg. to hang satire arii ridicule upon, and con sists of a French diplomatist whdis short sighted, arid a German ambassador who listens at doors and peeps through key holes. Baron Steinbock, ambassador, . represents7 a duke of the Grand Duchy of: Gerolstein class, who desires to marry his son to a Spanish princtess^' but said son has eloped with his governor's.' daughter to Paris, to be married, ; and French diplomacy is interested in the pro- . motion of the runaway match, the better, to foil a Spanish alliance. Thanks tp a Lord Hawkins, the discovery is made that the lady whom the duke's son wishes to marry is the wife of the German ambassa dor, Baron Steinbock-^the improbable' part of .the piece. The dialogues and scenes .bring 18'67— Exhibition year— pot 1869 in. view ; then Paris was. inv.adedby seven foreign nations who canuj to see, as the seven Mngs that Voltaire met with at^ Venice, who arrived f to witnes'V^'© Car nival: .'' Tjiaib. Tower of f Babel epoch has now: disappeared .as. effectually as Hercu larieum and Pompeii. What istd begained,,' then, by ridiculing Aanericans: with pockets :- full pf dpllars arid prpspectuses pf ; new iriveritidns— or .'' English' suffering frtfm. fogs— or Turks, anxious to . find a change or harems and an opportunity ^for gambling— or Russians and -South Ame ricans in quest of ; civilizatidri. : Paris - then, courted strangers, as she implores them to come to herinpw-^tq spend their ' money — to be 'fleeced, and to be laughed, at. As for the Gerriians, they^receive the lion's share of the ' showing; up. n \ For-, tunately they L. have shoulders broad enough to bear it.: A . writer 'observes^ * * The time iB past -.. for. laughing ? at jth e Prussians, and' riot though ? remains stp, hs.ffl';'fiKemj- ^Hstmnv disolaVeii- 'sof*much^ interriatibrial loVe^ : w^ ;6^at W' exhibit- some hate. The play ;; may be,right§rf considered as a toilette tin th^ee^ts!-^]. dressmaker's . showrroom set to a dia logue.11 Every one is' agreed the toilettes; of the artistes are splendid, and that the wearers put all their 'talent I' therein. . The prize, rests ,, to the actress whose *$ nothing to wear' cost 20,000 francs. ' The author, strange to say, : lashes; the''vMacFlimsey ladies ; and ther leading Parisian dress maker that serves' as a bujtt in. jthe comedy, is precisely the same who has arrayed the artistes like Solompn in all his glory. ? ' ? ? ? : The Theatre Chateau d'Eau plays a fan- ; tastic drama in five acts — ' Le Specfareiie, Patrick.'' M. Cadolj the authorj has simply dramatised Dickens's Christinas parol, and rebaptised Marley's ' Ghost and Scrooge.' He nas played ja practical joke on the French critics by not ackriow-; ledging the source =of his inspiration :: The ought to apologise j at least, for spoiling a good tale. The Ambigu Theatre now; represents' a fiye-act: drama; that j people flock to k!ugh at. It is called the ^drariia' 'Gorido.5^ .In the first 'act the lover kills his love- with a revolver; in the second a father strangles hisson ; in the: third an uncle commits suicide, and his heir starts for Venice with a pacU— for all the characters have been either in prison or are qualifying to go there— to see life. . The renaming acts run in similar grooves. There is a scene, hdweyer, where a son in-law challenges, the seducer of his mpther-in-law tp mortal combat / This devotion towards such a female relative is very rare in history, &nd; merits to be signaUed. * V . ??? : Music. -^-The Opera Comique is very successful in its revivals, because it Te gards such not as make-shifts, but as a serious element in the proeramme, .The highly-pppular 'Mignpn,' by Ambrdise Thomas, attracts crowds, as during its first representation. The score has under gone some changes ; the tenor air, ' !Tes, I wish, &c.;,' in the first act, has been discarded ; not having danseuses3 the ballet which prepared the entry : for Mignon has been suppressed; This is a pity, as the dance music was gobd^ Also, instead Vpf' killings jibdr Mignon, as Goethe wished, she lives, and marries Wilhelm Meister. The denoue- . «ie^tisnpt so poetical, but the; public is better pleased to see the loved' child will be. rich, happy, a faithful wife, arid excel lent mother. The part of - Wilhelm had no marked interpreter ; however, the air 'She believes not, &c.;,'' was well exe-. cuted. Asljotiiario, M. Gonael was very reiiarkable, equal to Faure';'arid in the duet ' Hast thou suffered,' withMiguou, was warmly applauded. Mme. Galli Marie has made Mignon her role exclur HLveiy, as jm.ub. i^iia»ou- tiiat; ui yjjucuu. It is impossible for her to Be -either su perior or inferior in the character. .Mriie. Galli-Marie is the Mignon that Goethe dreamed and created-^he pddr'- little being, mild and gentle^— something be tweeri a child and a woman ; by love the woman, by feebleness and caprice the child;; It is a role not to be learned -, it must be divined, loved, felt — in a word, lived. ?;-'. . ' . ' /' ;' , .. ; _.'. The ' Chevaliers' ;de la Table Rpnde,'; by Hervej has been also, revived after an -frif-.fii**rAl inf t.«-T» vears. ? irEi\a wiTiain is-: nf . that class' which makes trioney, but which ought, to ojiaufy the: composer for Bed lam. There is' the knight Roland,; with a windmill for. a helmet, the arms .of -which he -turns when in Hue most pathetic situa-: tibns. There are the sainegrimafces,' con tortions, and drolleries id 'thfe tightrope dances and. the gymnastic Jfeats7 \ The; morceavux of music .'.are s in therJBrst; a«t, and the other where Roland declares his love for the 'prlricess, have a rchairai and elegance vetf^ surOTisingifc, irieetv with in Servers music.' The troupe of ! artisjbes is first-class, and must . long - for occuplation worthy of its talent. ; .-?? a ?? '??- : i ~ ..., ? The pperiing pf the Theatrej des Italiens is rather an earnest of :future than pf present success.. The. .building had been cpnverted intp an hospital during the siege, and has been entirely redecorated. The difficulty was to make up a company; the artistes were scat tered, but the shades of Lablache, Bubinl, and Grisi remained. Who can .fill ttie place ofTaniberlik 'or Patti? The public appeared delighted to meet once more in a place where full dress is de. tigeur— the retiring rooms were so many botanic gardens, where white and red camelias abounded — for the opening opera was 'Traviata.' Wagner disdains Italian composers, but he ? admitted that' Verdi 'is a savage, possessing something.' i 'j ?' -: ' ' L:- r -- '. ?'' '?'*'- ; /??, f'1-.' :'i I -Between both these writers many 'analo- gies could, be indicated. Verdi' na¥~pa8 sion, 'an iniaginatidri. -fruitful; and: never -at a loss, which cdmtnands indulgence for. harmony not always exact, and an orchestration not ever able. His music is generally well written, but trie's the artistes, demanding a' great expenditure of self, to interpret phrases full of pas sion, and losing everything if rendered coldly. Mme. Ramirez, a Spanish lady, fat, fair, and forty, appeared as Violetta. In some parts she was successful, in others very original. She wore . an immense chain and a watch, that would make the real Dame aux Camelias die, not of consumption, but of envy. A writer has observed that Violetta's appearance ought tp create the puzzle, whether she was a ' soiled dove' or a duchess. Gadonis voice lacks volume for the role of . Kodolfo; Bellini's tender music would suit him better. The taSte and freshness ,'of ..-Jus' voice are well preserved, but pre served iri' ice. '' The orchestra fully main tained its reputatien. lr FASHioks.— For street dresses, a silk jupori, ^yith a polonaise -of same color^ either in-, cashmere or woollen material, are in favor; if the weather be cold a ?dolman of the* same color as the polonaise ' is prel6rredi: ; Li'any case,' where black is ,not worn, dark colors should be chosen for out of doors. Spring tpilets will be made in cashmere and poult de sole, „ and the new shade that i pro?: mises to be adopted ; is 'nigger's heai'l~Ute ' de negr'i.. For balls and ; evening dresses, . there is a' decided lean ing:, for the Louis XlV .style, training' robes; in the -richest iriaterials; open before,-: ; upon'a jupori^of poult de $oie, trimriie'd '(With: lace ^ or; plaits : in white tulle and boyillgnnes.'. This open style gives a grarid. air and dignity to the .wearer, ,bjat is ;- n^t'. suited for- the boudoir or a small drawing room;^ At tfe £-uc d'Aumale^e receptions,* ? .Vh'ere itbe Countess of Paris i presides, low '' podiieS; ^ire in favor. Pointed corsages'' and Zace behind .are coming into, favor.. : For dinners ^and soirees training robes Only are to be -met with ; short dresses, even where most elegant, areonly tolerated for visitincr. Cdrsaees d basaues are in finite in form .: still— 4ong, short, square, pointed, and -rounded, following, ihe figure or -taste ; gilets Louis XV. have riot yet been dethroned. Bonnets, when not black, should be. adapted to the' color of the dress. : For the dead-season flowers ought . to replace feathers, and M alines tulle bouiUonne is the material in request. The trimming consists of lace, even feathers' arid flowers, with bows of failld, ' with long lappets falling at the side ever -the shignon. Violets^ in bouquets or gar lands, arid daisies are the flpwers in vpgue. With , high-bodied dresses some ladies wear a flower in the hair. This is not at all becoming ; a bow of- ribbon or a fan jtasticcomb only should be selected in such case. Rich silk petticoats of every' shade yili be 4n favor this spring, and worn under polonaises and over dresses. Skirts are made up of bias flounces, cut in deep scallops, and so laid on in plaited cross ways, that each appears in a 'different direction, it is eccentric, at all events. Diamonds and precious stones ought not to be worn with simple toilettes ; the plainer such adornments in the streets, and even, at theatres the better. For Manchettes -and collars plain cambric is'pref erred ; in the case of costumes, irisgligee, when trimmed^ Valenciennes, point d'Alencbn,. Bruges lace, &c.;^ are preferred. _ I -have observed a fancy veste, consisting of blue velvet without sleeves, with gold em broidery, open in front, and lapping across to show the figure. . . .Some curious information appears in the telegraphic intelligence of a late issue of tbe New Zealand Herald. Under the head of *(MelboTirn.a' we are. informed that ';ihe Ministry -when visiting Queensland promised to gve their attention to the consfcructioii of a rail way in that direction.' If New Zealand is so ignorant of the geography of the colonies if is not to be expected that Fngland should be well up. Thea from the same source we obtain a very interesting piece of news respecting the proposed- trans-cbntineatal railway..-. Accords ing to the Herald the Company ' will require £200,000,000, which it is proposed *o get from British capitalists.' Certainly a moderate amount of eamtaV! , . The following is a clipping from an . English paper of 8th March last :—' On Wed nesday the memorial stone of the new- transept of the Ventnor Congregational Church wasUid by R. A. Tarlton, Esq , of Australia. Every, available space was filled. ,The ceremony of iaying the stone was commenced by the pastor, the Rev. R. A'. Davies, giving out a hymn. Suitable portions of Scripture were read by tha Rev. J. Wilkinson; and a most appropfiate prayer was offered by the Rev. G. A. Coljiart, of Ryde. The Rev. Robert Moffat, &t; ihe request of Mr. Davies, presented to Mr. Tarlton the trowel for the laying of the stone.* After laying the stone, Mr. Tarlton stood upon the stone and delivered an admirable address. Mr; John Femie, of Serene View, .announced that subscriptions might now be placed on the' atone, and the sum of £124 17s. was .sub scribed. The day was closed, by a public meet ing in the evening. Speeches were delivered by the 'Rev. J. D. .Craiz, .Sandown ; J. H.' Jdlie, Gpsport ; Joseph Fletcher, Christc'huifch ; Thomas Poole, Xymingtoh ; and . F. H. ; Wil lianas, Cowes.; There was collected throughout the day the sum of £134 83, 74 , raising the 'sub- scription, list to the handsome amount of ^l,0722s, 9d,' . _';. .-.;, , ; The news from the river district by this week's mail is not very ' hopef uL The waters of the' Darling and Murray are Btill falling, and should not a freshet come down ia a few weeks it is expected ? that only small ibdats will be able to reach Wentworfch. We have' been favored by Messrs. J. Stilling and Co. with the following items respecting the ? rivers. A letter from Netley on May 10 says': — 'Thete will still be plenty' of water here for three weeks as yet. 5?he riyiSr is. going. do wii now, we had a very nice tail or rain last night.' It continued about eight 1 hourfl,1 and ' was ;joit the 'veicf thing that 'was' wanted.' A communication from Kulnine, dated May, 13, - state8that the river is very low^ and is still rather' on- the decline. On the same date a oorrespondent, writing froxn Wentwortlt,.' says % —'The Jolly Miller and Maranoa passed here on Wednesday last, having been detained a few miles below Wentworjbh by a . sandbank for two oif .-three 'days. ' There is: plehtf of 'water to enable them to reach Menindie with ease. - The river is falling here, and I think that in three weeks no boats but very small ones will be able %6 reach Wentworth. . There is no report of any rise either in the Upper Darling or Murray. We have had' some nice rains during the week.' Our Wentworth correspondent writes as follows : — ** The river is steadily falling, and it is with difficulty that the steamers arrived thus far. The Maranoa and Jolly Mil'er were both stuck on a sandbank some three miles below this, aad had to unload a great part of their cargoes ba- fore they could get over. The Ariel passed down from the Darling this week, and the Vista has gone up, and hopes to reach Menindie; but I have heard some doubt expressed about herreaohing there.' 