dene hollow. BY THE: iXJTHOB OP "EASff lilHHl." 0 -Sv-- | Ohapieb Xiy.— Only Sadness.— I When those whom we have injured or notstift ciently regarded in life, are dead, it fathen that re pentance touches us. Sir Dene had not heen Mkind as he might to this poor young girl, nowgw from them all for ever. Trae, he had been plstort and conrteons to her when they met ; but hsan never mvited her inside his gates, he hsd not tre&ted; her as a danghter-in-law ; and he wished now he had done it, in spite of uie prejudices d his eldest son and heir. "Don't ive way, jpy boy. BeaH! Bless my heartj hnt tiihi bloft sad I'm — Fm truly sorry for it. Pom? young fid! bat little more than a child! Oan I foidadr!oi brandy for yon, Geoff ?' Geoffiry did not want brandy ;. he ootid not have touched it. Drying away hie tears,fwaIloir iogdown ffis bitter , stnving mkhMl his emotion, -he' rind then diftdeped to hi father the fact Bmt he himiielf (as he truly be lieved) shooldri>dtif#e long after his Wife ; fait -the-eame-grave- miglit almost he dwpt opea . torn. 1 a greater rfmofc fajfir Dene than thei other, only he did netful faiuin it.l LVi:5:''.n X. Kil.' ,J 4,Dying of jgun- ot wound !" 44 Geoffcy, sny poor fellow, things art nng fchjair gloomiri hne to you just now ; ta Dut natural. Tf thilrri fa anything Wwqg inw»rilj» we'll soon have you to rights." 44 Father, X don't think there'll be any more ting to rights for mq ; ,1 don't indeed. Yoo cu ask Friar or Woodyatt about it; they brew I " Nonsense, Gec&y.; It was not much of > hurt at the .womt. Yon shall be doctorea ; up. - . 0eoffi7Jmid no mpre- Butasare and«W prevision lay up<K» him tiiis evmiing, that hwww® end was not far off. It noiight eohie upon fa® almost as eoddecly ris the last, he thmht, askv -wkw teMMlo Afiit s-. " Ohej entap,> reom Bir Dene nermr mioe rr;:rj. ? 1 They had already di'Ssied her for f anangeL | h» had fth h sssSESS Sag., broke forth again. ... a. v+m sa I <MWr®em 1 his wayhome, the tS? li I foom Hhrst Leet GPA mMj rw> I « . I -mon fonibl; ttan «»« «" I SS.gtfffit&JtWSx; I ?i njanwaring had come out for a Btroll ust &b; fig father had previously done. It was he who Bp?« What did you say ?" asked Sir Dene, sharply turning upon him. . . «, I thought you were listening to the passing- .11 8jr> gome village woman, I suppose, has d off " They'd not trouble themselves to ring the bell at this time of night for h village P Ln' I expect, said Sir Dene sternly, for the nSs grated harshly on his present frame of \- A In truth he had not been feeling very min- il- towards his heir as he walked up. But f r him and his prejudices, Sir Dene would have Seated to Geoffry and his poor young wife ; he # Mfines clearly now and knew it. ".Tohn ClanwarioK wondered at the tone. "Do „u know who it'e for then, sir j1 he asked. <« It is for your brother s wife. _ «Who V% cried John Olanwanng, forgetting his grammar in bis surprise. . . ' "for your brother's wife. Don't I speak plain nmrhP Geoffry's sweet pretty young wife; r O wen's daughter. She's dead " ; P «rm sure I'm sorry to hear it for her sake," aid Mr. Olanwaring, somewhat taken aback. " It B very sudden, is it not, sir ?" « It is sudden. You tfere harshly contemp; I tnoas to her, John, in your judgment ; she is where neither harshness nor contempt can reach her. She looks like an angel, lying there, with her pale, innocent face." «< It is a sad fate for her, poor thing : I really I pity her," admitted John Olanwaring. And there I Wft« I amTot sure but Geoffry will be the one to go I Tnhn '' resumed Sir Dene. " We shall wish I then', perhaps, that we had been a bit kinder to I lll1q8 he likely to die of grief?" asked John. I " Grief's a complaintyoa'M never die of ; you've I not got feeling enough," retorted Sir Dene. "Geef- I frv talks of that shot he got awhile ago; he I fears it left some fatal injury behind it. For my I part, I thinkit must be only fancy." I « Of course it is only fancy," returned John I Pkn wanna in a tone of assertion. " Were there I any permanent injury, Geoffry could not go about E TheyTeU into silence. The quick strokes of the 1 bell were dying away to give place to its slow and 1 monotonous toll. It had a weird, solemn sound, I breaking out at intervals in the stillness ef the If autumn night. f Chapter xy.— Seen by Moonlight. ft " You had better come back to Beechhurst Dene, I Geoffry." H The speaker was Sir Dene. They had just re- B turned from the funeral, and Sir Dene had entered II Geoffry's home with him, leaving the other » mourners— John CUnwaring, George Arde, and I William Owen— to disperse. Mr. Olanwaring H had condescended to attend the funeral. Sir Dene 9 pat it to bini Btrongly — that he ought to do it. So 9 he delayed yet his departure for town, and I waited. It probably went against the grain to I stand side by side with William Owen, I mourners at the same grave : but John, cool and I impassive, made no Bign. He had condescended to shake hands with Geoffry, and say he sympa- fl thised with him in his loss. Sir Dene went in 9 with him afterwards. The little dwelling seemed W strangely still and solitary ; and the baronet felt nf it as a chill. H " You had better come back to Beechhurst Dene, IS and be taken care of," he repeated. "Now that . J® the poor young thing's gone, there's nobody to do ag anything for you here ; nothing to keep you in ijl the place. Geoff, my boy, I never disliked her." 11 " No, father, I don't think you did." 9 " I shall never forget that time I saw her at 1|| Malrern, toasting a pikelet at the fire. Pretty creature ! standing there to face me, so sweet and modest and humble, in her white India muslin frock and the blue ribbons in her hair. I know' real India muslin when I see it : nobody better. She couldn't put the toasting fork down at first, \- Geoff, for timidity, but kept it in her hand. 'Twas H as pretty a picture as a man ever saw." SB Geoffry, who was beginning to look sadly worn h and thin, made no answer. His heart was brim- full. " Then you'll come hack home, Geoff?" 11 Yes, father, thank you ; I think I had better. R If John does net object." " J ohn object !— John be— rbe shot !" exploded 9 the baronet, pulling up the word he had been 9 about to speak when he remembered where he had 9 just been. ''It's not John's hdufee yet that he 9 should tuVj it. He and his wife are going posting 9 off again, I'm glad to say : somehow things are 9 aever so pleasant when he is at home. Come to- 9 morrow, to night, if you will. You must never 9 think of running away from me again Geoff." 9 Geoffry smiled faintly. "Not ifi'M? same. 9 ®aonee that I did before, father. IH promise y oh ' 9 ? Kur. V1 '--" "IW, T hope," was -Sir prisfV fi 1uiet rejoinder. - VvVll nurse joumtdTarengtli . 9 at the Dene." R Accordingly on the following day in the fore R noon, Geoffry Clan waring walked hp to his old Si home, just as though he were going to make a g call, or to do an hour's work in the business par-? B lour as usual. He carried in his arms his not yet 8 fortnight old baby, wrapped in a red shawl. As B fu as a>oufc k enfer the front gates, there cajpe B foundering down the avenue a close carriage and-! B ®ur» the post-boys spurring their horses to make B V16 ®xit in proper style, after the fashion of thei ill ' carrage bore the arms of John Clan-' fce » be 8at n with hig. ,wife, an wndant man and maid in the rumble behind. B -0% stood aside to let it pass. No one saw him j 9 valet, who touched his hat, an& wondered (9 7 Geoffry Olanwaring had got - 19 f 6 re< bundle. They were commencing their .Ovrney to London. Mrs. Olanwaring, he saw, no mourning on. ; 9 And yet Maria was every whit asgood as R " ' aL aQd better," thought Geoffry ; and as he R for tbe avenue, he could not see the ground R W ? blding tears' " T. j R War! teapa fr the lack of block on Mrs.Clan- RhelnliSa ?llBut tb" hme withtheiftGe Bmind l ' brought all too painfully to Jhis .mmdwhath® had lost! i9»at Bl?e\eMla#dSirDene,MG«a% B" Whv librapy» ad undid |fae shawl | <« BwlerlLcouldn'fc leave nim behsnd.w 9im. WeU6 fv, ! 1 declare 1 for&Qt; aUab<t Score's ri! . ® women shall take care pf twm, tmESr v 7 of them to 0 a what'.lS To" rePlied Geoffry. "She The J b®h>re she died, and I had it \- ® The child drooped and ailed that df ' 'R iust as though it knew its mother was leaving it. It seems all right pow." " You mean Thomas, I suppose ?" "No, Tom. The mistake was mine. I was confused with grief and said ' Tom' twice over to the .parson, never recollecting that it should have been Tb omas. It will not matter, father : Tom is as good a name for him as any other." " No, it won't matter," replied Sir Dene. " What does he live upon, Geoff ?— Sop ? ' "He lives upon barley water and milk," said Geoffry. " He won't cost much. Susan Cole is bringing some up ; she can show the maids here how to feed him." The child, who had slept through this, awoke now, opening his eyes. Sir Dene ' advanced to look at him— such a little face, it was, peeping out of the shawl. Geoffry took off the cambric cap, and showed his bits of fair hair. " He has got just the look that you had at his age, Geoffry. I remember it well.# . The first of you born, John, had a black head like his mother ; you were fair, like me. It's a pretty baby : it will be just like you." " So poor Maria said. Like me and like you, she thought," " Ay, at. your age I was much what you are, Geoffry. Poor little motherless lambkin !" added Sir Dene pityingly, as he stroked the baby's face. " Soon to be fatherless, also," spoke Geoffry. "No, no, my boy 4 I trust not," said Sir Dene. But Geoffry shook his head : he koew better. " Father, you'll give him a bite and a sup here when I am gone, a pillow in some odd corner, won't you ? — and the words seemed to come from the very depths of an aching heart. " He'll be in nobody's way, poor little waif." " I will, Geoff," heartily answered Sir Dene, his eyes dimmed by some earnest tears, that rose and were checked, "I promise it you. The child shall be as welcome to his bit and his sup as you were. There's my hand upon it." People rarely give themselves more trouble than they can help. None of the maids showed themselves too ready to undertake the (at beBt) onerous charge of an infant, as proposed by Sir Dene, and when SuBan Cole arrived with the barley water and milk for its food, and sundry of its clothes, tied up in a large silk handkerchief, the servants, who did pretty much as they liked, told her she had better remain for a day or two, and see to the child. The day or two grew into a month or two, and that into a period indefinite, Susan Cole taking the entire charge ; and Sir Dene falling in with the arrange ment as if it was a matter of course, without a word either way. He was very fond of the child, would often nurse and toss him: and when he saw its bahy sleeves tied up with black ribbons and a black sash round its waist, that Susan Cole put on the day poor Geoffry died, Sir Dene held the little face to his own for some miuutes, as if that black made a fonder link between them . So the baby grew, and thrived, and got its teeth, and learned to walk and talk, just as other healthy and happy children do : and Sir Dene loved the boy; and Susan Cole was proud of him; and Gander admired him more than he had admired anything since poor Geoffry himself was young ; and the other servants alternately, indulged and snubbed him. With it all — in spite of his being Sir Dene's grandson and that he had his home at Beech hurst Dene — he was not altogether considered by the servants as a child of the house ; he did n9t get the deference that a son of, for instance, John Olanwaring, would have received The boy, as he got older and stronger, incurred the danger of being allowed to run wild. Sir Dene had about ts much notion of the proper way of bringing up a child as he had of a young tiger ; and nobody else interfered to suggest. There was no day nursery. As long as the child was in arms Susan Cole, sat where she pleased' with him— mostly in tht kitchen or servants' hall ; when he could run he roamed where he would about the house at will. Sir Dene would, pick him up and talk to him, and put him by his eide at the table,, and call for a plate and spoon for " the child." If Tom ran out to see Sir Dene mount Iris horse, Sir Dene wouid lift him on to the - saddle, bare headed and hire armed, and ride off with him, perhaps for miles, in the summer weather. When not with .Sir D≠, he would he leffc very much to his own devices, for Susan Cole waB a frightful gossip, and regarded social intercourse with any body who .would talk to her, as the sweetest thing in life. There were times also when Sir Dene was away from Beechhurst, arid duringithfese sea- , sons Tom got very iittie Bttennon at -ail. wander, who was regsriel by Sir Dene &b; head of the servants, and in a degree ruled them, would be with his master, and at home it would be high life below stairs. To. sake trouble, little Tom's plate and fork woitd be set at the kitchen table, he would he looked for and-brought m to meals, and that was about all the care.- Be was one of those quiec, happy children who amuse themselves, would sit for beurscn the library fioor, looking at a picte-book, <„. mote room .amidst the animals out of ; his Noah's arkl The servants knew the child was safe, and that 'sufficed. Cqle, the Carrier, had« journeyman 1 -he was Susan'B sweetheart, conseyiently she parsed A great deal more time at her fetter's forge than in looking after Tom. 3ri fact, save for the odd moments of tendernesf beetowed upon m byi Sir, Dene, the litfcle ehild was very much whatW pooy fother had called him theday he brought himi up in the red rshawi-— a waif, fie wasbtrnderfuily' piefcty and engaging child with th&ewek; temper and gentle manners of his mother, And -the kindly blue: eyes and fair curlsof hm father. 1 - A child tbl be floved and cherished, aohild that' with ' prder| training would make a good and riobie man; a child to whom God -had been generous/ in im planting in his heart a full portion of most excel lent seed. Sir Dene was often away. He had taken per Bianent rooms ip London, andoeuld go there at .will. J ohn Clap waimghcveroameidimri now to Beechhurst; Dene./ His wife's heaUh' bosh very delicate .since the birfch of her 'lild— -a girl. J ohn said she was not strong enough to move about, arid theyefore As didmak 1 Atoxiy : wasa good excuse for his remaining in the fdacb he liked best and never -cdhwiqut sf-Iion- du. Perhaps this took Sir Dene riot his favourite son— As was gone— hptJohn was better than none, and the bwmet fouad it very lonely at Beechhurst Dene. So, he and Gander W»y for weeks, tagsfoex; lite eervants took their Wwn oase and Tom liis own wMi Jfif J1» greeted child otmpt twioahe &». Sh were everywhere. The atxange iittleold man wet dead, and George Arde reisaed-nt'tlie firil' imd- was oalled Sqaue in Iris t mu 3lit irfll heltwasi nearly as odd as he had been : so at least thought. the public. It was certainly unexpected. A notion — gathered from observation of the old Squire's character, aud perhaps from occasional words let fall by him during his later life — had become fixed in men's minds : that he would never leave a shilling of his money to any relative, but all of it to charities, arid especially to those charities connected with the insane. " Droifcwich'U be the better for his savings," quoth the neigh bours one to another — alluding to the well- known asylum at that place — when the news went forth that Squire Arde was dead. " He'll direct the Hall and all its belongings, inside and out, to be sold, and Droitwich mad-housell get the whole on't.'' f The neighbours were mistaken. Squire Arde's will did not give a shilling to any charity Droitwich asylum (or, as it was universally put then M mad house") was not as much as mentioned in it. The Hail, with all that pertained to it end the income attaching to it, was left to George Arfte, tb his own intense susprise. I George Arde's wife was not then deal Ia her very delicate state she had lived on much longer than any one could have supposed, guttering always, as may be said, between life aid death. Now and then the old Squire would call Wheri he was at Worcester, and see the child, little Mary, to whom he seemed to have taken a fancjL Neck laces, and trifles of that description tiat had belonged to his own dead. child, the othar Mary, he would bring it. "I should not be rnfch sur prised at his leaving her a thousand pounls," said George Arde one day to bis wife when thi Squire had been, and brought a new coral witi silver bells. 5, Not one thousand, did he leave the cHld, but twenty. The will bequeathed a certain sum of money to " Mary, daughter of my third cousin, George Arde." Which sum, already oufc at safe and good interest, would represent twenty thou sand pounds on the day Mary Arde should fo eigh teen, and it was to be hers then unconditionally. So little Mary, granddaughter of the la un fortunate Robert Owen, and cousin of younj Tom Olanwaring, turned out to be an heiress. Before Gesrge Arde took up his abode 4 the Hall, his wife died. She had been in so wak a state, and it had become so evident that her leath was near, that the trouble of removing was 6ared her. She died in the small house where theyhad lived, and was buried in the same mouldy jold church that had witnessed poor Maria Oam's. stolen marriage — St. Peter's. George Arde ind his little daughter went to the Hall then. This removal occurred when Tom was abou a year old. Two years have already gone by siree. The boy was fond of going to the Hall. Suari Gole enjoyed the society of the servants, Tom t&t; of the little girl. George Arde welcomed the ld freely, whenever he was at home, but he had takri to visit about a good deal. Bumours of his secoid marriage were abroad : George Arde, owner »f Arde Hall and Squire of the parish, jOung stll and an agreeable man, was no undesirabe match, and was courted in the county according. Would the little girl, the heiress, live to coop into her wealth ? The question .was arisiir Symptons of delicacy (she was her mothers child all over) were beginning to man- fest themselves, and it was feared might not. George Arde was intensely foBd |f her, and perhaps the first thing that put secori marriage into his head was the wish to havesone kind and gentle lady in his house who woud watch over the child carefully, and stand to it in the light of a mother. Once having made up Ifo mind to this, Mr. Arde was not long about it. le chose his second wife from one of the first aid proudest families in the county. It was rathr singular that the day of the marriage was litte Tom's birthday : he was three years . old. . On that self-same night occurred an incidt which must be mentioned Robert Owen &b-; peared again. . The miserable rumours—that lis spirit came back to trouble the earth— had near died away. From whatever: source arisiig, whether delusion, superstitious: fancy or aCtqd (if unaccountable) fact, they bat gained grourjl and spread. No Booner had one report of the aj- < pearance had time to subside arid people begm to forget it, than smother frighk Utould comv Now it would be a belated labourer, jgoing honk at a lardy hour up Harebell Lane ; how a carters boy ; now some traveller ori his way to the Trail ing Indian. On this night tkat we are not speaking of, two people saw it; cbe of whom vi- .Black. Black had been down to Hcrst Leet rin aE errand. Ooming home again about nine through a flood of moonlight, hfe burst into the Trailing Indian in a fearful state ; his breath' gone, the sweat pouring off him; his hair on mkcU Mem abject terror could not well be skrin. ' Mr, Friar happened to be there— for Mrsl Black'k sickly state required him to pay her an occasional visit, and he- would go up at any odd Imoihent / when leisure allowed him ; two orthreemen were also fjri"l"'ng in the kitchen; when in biirst the landlord in the extraordinary, state described -That <his fear had no ehaip -in it, could riot be mis-- ; taken; though how it was possible -for a : hard-- eced man like Black to feel afraid of any earthly or ghosHy thing; Mr. Priar, fok1 cnould1 not imagine.- - Mixing some brandy arid' Wer doctor mads hiin drink it. Bliiek's teeth bhat-- tered i&s; lie told what he had seen— Robert Owen rstanding at Wheiej SewaB supposed to have fellen "from, arid azmgi dowii. the pond. Question after question wrist '.pouted; ear, ; especially from? %lf©j odula tell rio mote thrii hej 1 had trih Cdtoirigp tfie lane by the pbad pmtfy > quirir he happenedStaro his eym up to the fence abeve theWaltte, ari|bbere Itenirig Over )t, was the figurd ol Bobert £en, his face as "white as it had been when he v dead,- his head ais silvery as it wu in life, Bv did not stay to give a seeorid look, but came as fest as his shaking legs- would cany hhri ; ad the strangest thing of aU was that he sbould fit Ahere1& his kitchen and confess to it. But #ar takes pride, and reticence too, out of the morf hflady naan, > Before Bl&ckhad; a tall recovere 1 Iris riduairimity, or had done tmmhling, a choice f 'iend ofhis eame in— Michael Geaoh, who had arri red fchat evening an 'me of his unexpected visits fo the Trailing Indian. ' ir>r-mi;rht hugtorrtmr t id rii? jmlfi f tale at least from Geaoh ; but on the eemed to make him rather uncomfortable. J'1 \er was a ooward," he efepemd " but no ijkht &ing; 'ud persuade oeloto Uteribdfi ; Bane ofVniht now Hanged if Fd nSzSier come slap upon a body whitening U p w jhf. lhan see Owen's ghost. "Wh&u.; did yon come hwe' h mo pleasanttones. _ 41 lie! F ?e been here this hoer, qgi itxorpi a waiting for you to ooSpe in," "Why couldn't you ha' sent word you was — — Drat it altogether ! You needn't Bhake." The concluding observations made to Black's wife. His eyes happened to fall on her as he was addressing Geacb, and he left his sentence to that worthy gentleman unfinished. Poor Robert Owen might be a ghoBt, but he could not look like one more than Mrs. Black did. Her face was livid ; her disabled hands-en twined themselves one within the other in a nervous dread, that Mr. Priar rarely saw equalled. Black, forgetting his own svmntnma tniri h was a fool, and drove her from the room.-—- JPtoth the Argosy . (to be continued ) 