THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS SHORT, D.D. A service in commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the consecration of the Episcopate of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was held in Christchurch, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, 28th June, the Eve of the Feast of St. Peter. There waB a large congregation, the ohuroh being crowded in every part. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, attended by Mr. J. A. Fergusson (private secretary), was present, and there was a large attendance of the clergy. The service commenced with Choral Even Song, and after an appropriate sermon by the Ven. Archde icon Marryat, the Very Rev. Dean Russell presented his lordship with a handsome pastoral stafi^ accompanied with the following address:— "To the Right Rev. Augustus, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. «W.-, your faithful clergy and laity, desire on the eve of the 25 th anniversary of your lordship's consecration to the episcopal offioe, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared you so long to occupy yonr place aB chief pastor of this diocese. During a quarter of a oentury you have maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various and most unweariedlabor. The contrast between the present condition of our church in South Australia and what it was in 1847, affords abundant and substantial proof that yonr labor has ' not been in vain in the Lord.' Instead of the fonr clergy of 1847, we have now thirty-eight; and instead of the five original churches, there are now sixty-seven, besides sohoolroomB and temporary buildings for worship. Bat you have Burvived many of your beBt fellow-workers. You now miss from your Bide some men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready co-operation you found your heart lightened of its constant bnrden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names oan no longer foe found whioh were moBt highly honored in the earlier as well as the later history of the diooese. They have obeyed the bidding < of a Divine voice whioh called them to * come up higher,' and among the laity in our various assemblies your «ye will nowseek in vain for some trusty comrades and advisers. especially of those belonging to the ' energetic - band of early colonists. Theyhave gone before, as we trust, to makai ready to welcome us when our turn comes to 'go hence.' Thus,daring your episcopate,> new and holy links of sympathy have been formed between the members of the chumh • here on earth, and the blessed company of the faithful in heaven. It is with feelings of - deep solemnity, as well as of fervent'gratitude concerning them that have 'fallen asleep,' that we believe you will join with us in the retrospect of a history so full of sacred meaning and interest. Congratulating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to j our diligent fulfilment in the midBt of the congregation, of the ministrations specially appertaining to the office of ohief pastor; but, above all, we contemplate you as the head of the whole diooese—as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how perseveringly you have labored to assign to them their proper sphere of influence and duty. You have not been content to be 'a lord over us,' but have called us to take our proper part in the general work of helping you to ' set in order' all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, survive as the beBt monument of your Episcopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Home Mission Funds, and led to the establishment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphan's Fund. Your lordship was called to the charge of the diooese, ia which you had to contend with peculiar, and what muBt have seemed at the time, unexampled difficulties. But you have effectually vindicated the Church from the reproaoh of being unable to do its work except in dependence on S'ate support. Above all, we rejoioe that in this diooese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all matters affecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the olergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised thiB, they have practically shown, in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency to existing ministration?. As another evidence of the spirit of cooperation thus created, it has been your lordships happiness to live to see the walls of your cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be oompleted, by your being permitted ere Lng to consecrate some portion of it to the holy uses for which it is designed. This review of your episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an education at oiiCd Christian in its spirit, and duly reppi:C ing the consciences of others. The nobleBt reBult of thiB is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which, under its present principal and able staff of masters, has taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. Last of all, suffer us to say that the church over which you preside has, mainly through your efforts, attained a siDgrlar privilege, inasmuch aB it has formtd an institution now stilt supporting for the Cbristianisation of the native population ; whilst among our settlor* it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest plaoes in the bush. Sucn ministrations have extended in the south to the Victorian border ; in the west to Streaky Bay; and in the north to the diHtriuts 1} ing within communication with Mount Remarkable and Port Augusta In long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only prepared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again supplied the plaoe of the missionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary withdrawal In the same spirit, in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily incident to life in our larger towns, you, in the work of the Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions, Bet an txample which good Christians of different communions have gladly followed. But, not aay longer to dwell on particulars, if must be matter of deep thankfulness to every member of our church that in our first bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so long a term of life, and who, through his whole episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apostolio injunction —' Feed the flockof God, as much as in you lies, taking the oversight not by constraint, but willingly.' It does not become us to criticise or praise your lordship's public and official proceedings; but the act in which we are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of these words of St. Peter. We thank God for you and with you, that your assembled clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of the Feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind, and with grateful feelings, in such a declaration. We trust that you may still be spared for a long time to maintain your place under 'the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God.' And we pray you to accept from us, as a visible sign of our filial reverence, and as a symbol of your offioe, this pastoral staff. We are, your lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. For the subscribers, " A. RUSSELL, " Chairman of the Committee.'' His LORDSHIP, in acknowledging the presentation, said— " This pastoral Btaff, with which you, my brethren of the olergy and laity, have been pleased to honor my service of twenty-five years in the episcopate, is an emblem of the offioe and duties of a bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts the thoughtB from earth to heaven; and thenoe carries them back to the wilderness of this world, in whioh the flock •f Christ, purohased with His own blood, the special object of God's care, is still wandering. It speaks, therefore, ' to the inner ear devout* of faithfulness to the Chief Shepherd; of self-sacrifice, of love and tender care; of vigilance and boldness in defence of his aherp, for whom He laid down His life; of the 'ready mind' to do and suffer in their behalf, Booming filthy lucre, or that more subtle sin, the love of power, and dominion over God's heritage. This staff, then, is the symbol of a responsibility awful in its nature, and vast in its extent. It is a teacher, not of pride, but humility ; not of boasting, but selfabasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of self-reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that ' it is a small thirg to be judged of man's judgment.' I accept it, nevertheless, as a token of your good will. If, to use the language of our Ordination Service, 1 have been among you as 'ashepherd, not a wolf;' if 1 have fed and not devoured the flock; if I have in any measure ' holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the In* ,' L thank God in this behalf; and I p- ay that 'the blood of souls,' perhaps, through my negligence, Lost to te found no more, may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is diffioult indeed to be so merciful as not to be too remiss ; and BO to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy. It only remains therefore that I should ask your prayers^ and the prayers of this coDgre. gation, as well aB of the brethren in the diocese at large, that our merciful Father may so endue me to the end of my days with the Holy Spirit, that preaching Hia word I may be earnest to reprove, beseech, and rebuke, with all patience and doctrine; and alBo be to such as believe a wholesome example in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. That so fulfilling my course, I may at the latter day receive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing ; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, would without end. Amen. After the Te Deum had been sang, prayer was offered by his lordship, who then advanced to the front of the dais, and, with the staff in his hand, pronounoed the beuediction, when the proceedings closed. The service throughout was most interesting, and very impressive. The singing was oertainly admirable. Mr. G. O ugh ton efficiently presided at the harmonium. The offertory was in aid of the cathedral fund. The Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., was born at Brickham House, near Exeter, in 1803, and is the third son of Charles Short, Esq., barrister at-law and bencher of the Inmr Temple. He was educated at Westminster School and at Christ Church Oullege, Oxford, where in 1824 he took fimt olass honors in classics, and graduated aB M. A. in 1826. In the same year he was ordained and took deacon's orders. In 1836 he was appointed Vicar of Ravensthorpe in Northamptonshire, rural dean in 1844; Bampton lecturer at Oxford, and firBt biBhop of Adelaide in 1847. In 1836 he married the second daughter of John Phillius, Esq., of Colham, in Oxfordshire. The pastoral Btaff presented to his lordship Bwas manufactured by Mr. Steiner, is of gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is of blackwood, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of tbe crook is a silver figure of Sr. Peter, having in his hands the keys and the Word. Lower down are the crossed keys—one of gold and the other of silver; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscription:—"A. Adelaide. The gift of his faithful clergy and laity. St. Peter's Day, 1872." Part of the silver is colonial, and the effect of the workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which are set in it, including amethysts, topazeB, and garnets. Ths staff may be unscrewed, and placed in a handsome cedar case, which was made by Messrs. Mayfield and Son. Upon the cover of the caBe, above the handle, is a silver cross, and below a shield, with "A. Adelaide" inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and the design has been admirably carried out by Mr. Steiner. Our engraving is from a photograph of hie lordship taken by Mr. Duryea. 