THE MERCURY. i-. WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEB. SS, 1273. WHAT with Riverina on her skirts, and Tasmania across the Straits, Victoria is sorely tempted., Riverina, the paradise of shepherd kings, is made a football between the Colony to which it belongs and the Colony which would claim it, and it is presumed would fain find a refuge in the sympathising bosom of Victoria 5 while Tasmania,hclpless and overtaken by decrepitude, is considered incapable of standing alone, and would willingly find succour and support in the juvenile and more Stalwart Victoria that all the time is presumed to be looking on with a half-pleased, half-puzzled countenance. The increased boundary and higher status have attractions ; but on the other hand the consequences must be considered, and it is felt that possibly there are disadvantages to be taken into account, notably so in the case of Tasmania. Riverina would prove a most desirable adjunct to Victoria, could it only be induced to throw in its lot without any special conditions. It would add considerably to the revenue, and is capable of great improvement. The large areas now held by the squatters offer a tempting field of operations to those who some years ago distinguished themselves by the expressed desire to drive all squatters across the Murray with their ownstock-whips,butw3ionow,Fmdingtliemthere, would have a peculiar satisfaction in applying the laws of free selection before purchase to the broad ' runs whose fences stretch many miles beyond sight of the homesteads. And till that day of trouble to the quietly reposing squatters approaches, the present revenue is not accompanied with any considerable expenditure. Riverina is easily managed. But Riveriua's squatters, though they may kick against being twice taxed, once by Victoria because it best suits them to get what they consume through Melbourne, and once by New South Wales, because Mr. DUFFY ruffled the dignity of SIR JAMES MARTIN, will think twice ere they yield to the sweet I persuasions of Victoria. Fully recognising the comfort of being off with the old love before they are on with the now, they are more likely to bear those ills they have, than fly to others that they know not of. There are many inducements that might tempt them to throw in their lot with Port Phillip and to forswear Port Jackson. But the latter offers them greater security of tenure, and that is likely to have more attractions to them than any imaginary greatness from the solitude of the wilderness giving place to the busy hum of men. They may prefer to see their own flocks and herds browsing on the wide plains, to being jostled for elbow room on the present site of their own stockyards. It is true the blandishments of long tenures and exceptional land laws for Riverina have been spoken of, but democracy is too powerful in Victoria to render any such guarantee of much value. The legislature of to-day seems to be wonderfully little restrained by the action of that of yesterday; and thus has a securing immunities fine day sweep them away the next. Riverina is, no doubt, much annoyed with the present maternal cruelty of New South Wales, and may threaten to look out for another protector ; but we fancy that it will be a long time ere Victoria's boundaries are much enlarged in that direction, and we hardly think that sensible men in Victoria desire it. Riverina and Victoria have less in common than have Riverina and New South Wales, and if over the two latter separate their interests, it will be by Riverina setting upon its own account. In regard to Tasmania the scheme of annexation to Victoria is still more hopeless. Victorians, though they regard Hobart Town as a very pleasant place for a temporary sojourn during the boats of summer, and though they flatter themselves that their energy and enterprise would work wonders in Tasmania, have no desire to try the experiment. It might gratify the pride of Victoria if they had the Sanatarium of Australasia as an appendage to the Golden Colony ; but Victoria is not likely to be guided by sentiment, and looking at it from a practical view, she would answer the question of annexa- tion by saying that Tasmania is likely to cost more than its worth, and therefore they are content to acknowledge the wisdom of the boundary which nature has placed between us. Equally unattractive to Tasmanians is the idea of their loving their identity in Victoria, and the credit of joining the Yankoedom of Australia is not sufficient to induce Tasmanians to commit their legislation and taxation to the gentlemen who sit in that ugly building at the top of Bourke-street, Melbourne. True, a few dis- contented politicians, and others who find them selves at present nobodies in Tasmania, are to be found who speak of annexation to Victoria ; but it is either in tho hope of turning the question to their own advantage, or more probably is used as a threat. The objections to annexation are common and deep-seated on both sides, and there fore it is strange that the idea should every now and again come to the surface stranger still that on every occasion it does so, Tasmanians think the desire comes from Victorians, who in turn discuss the question as if originating with Tasmanians. One thing is remarkable. When annexation is discussed, the people of Victoria express themselves more hopefully of our Island homes, than do a parcel of Tasmanian grumblers who speak as if the Colony were going to the dogs-whatever mischief they may mean, and those grumblers had to bear on their shoulders the ills of their fellow Colonists. The press, too, of Victoria, speaks more kindly of Tasmania and Tasmanians than do some querulous members of the Tasmanian press. The former look at our condition with an impartial eye. To the latter everything has a jaundiced aspect, and to growl gives them evident relief. The present prominence given to the question of annexation is due to the recent visit among us of the Hon. Mr. O'SHANASSY, who must have been as surprised at the importance attached to his presence here, as would Mr. TROLLOPE had he been told he had come out as an emissary of Downing-street to induce us to resort to our former condition as a Crown settle mont;andnottho least strangopartof the business is the fact that, though some wiseacres among us jumped to the conclusion, when they saw the bulky form of the late Chief Secretary strolling along our streets, that he had come among us to take stock, and steal our independence from us, our neighbours on the other side the Straits have come to the conclusion that the desire for annexation had come from us, as if we had commissioned the Victorian statesman to deal with us. Our usually shrewd contemporary the Melbourne Age, adopting the idea that the proposal of annexation comes from Tasmania, complains that "it is rather- tantalising to have this subject brought up year after year when Hobart Town is full of Victorian visitors, and dropped the moment those visitors take their departure ;" as if, in short, we embraced the opportunity of making Victorians mount the hobby of annexation, to trot them out or tickle < there with a straw while we are emptying their pockets of the bright yellow sovereigns they bring with them. In fact our contemporary says " it seems as though the Tasmanians intended it as a mere toy to play with, and that they have no serious intention of applying for annexation either now or at any future time." While our contemporary is quite right as to our intentions, he scarcely credits his fellow colonists with sufficient good sense. They are not to be so easily fooled; nor in fact is there any attempt among us so to exercise their credulity. The Age is, however, both inconsistent and in error when it says that Hobart Town goes in for annexation more strongly than Launceston ; inconsistent in saying we go in for what he in the same breath says we do not want ; incorrect in attributing to Hobart Town a greater leaning towards annexation than Launceston indulges in. In Hobart Town the idea has always been scouted. It finds no favour with any class, and we as journalists have been censured by visitors as not sufficiently alive to the interests of the Colony in treating the proposition as an absurdity. Here it is felt that Tasmania, under annexation, would be in the condition of the outskirts of this or any city subject to all the powers of taxation applied to the more central points, but left beyond the pale of improvement, and enjoying anything but a fair share of the expenditure. In Launceston it is somewhat different. Even there, men of discrimination, and those who care to look before they leap, put annexation away from them as a delusion ; but there are others who never cease grumbling, because the seat of Government being here, the interests of Launceston are, they say, neglected, while Hobart Town is too much favoured. These discontents argue that, as they cannot bring the seat of Government to Launceston, they may as well transfer it to Melbourne. From that they would derive as much benefit as from a Parliament and Government sitting in Hobart Town, with this advantage that Hobart Town would be deprived of a superiority that is a fruitful cause of jealousy among a class who are, however, more demonstrative than influential. The discussion that has been going on in the Victorian press has no where caused greater surprise than in Tasmania. We know of nothing warranting even the present consideration of the question for Mr. O'SHANASSY'S alleged mission has been regarded as a matter of joke, and as such we treated it. As the Age says, neither Victoria nor Tasmania is ripe for union at present, nor is there anything looming in the distance likely to change the relative condition of either Colony in this respect. THE Municipal Council of Sorell have one or two grievances, and we are bound to confess they are not altogether imaginary. The Government have treated them rather shabbily in the matter of honour. and also in the more substantial matter of pounds, shillings, and pence. The Warden complains that the district is not adequately supplied with magistrates, and that this want is caused by the law officers of the Crown not treating the municipality with the same courtesy and consideration as is elsewhere exhibited. The Attorney-General, it is said, while freely gazetting as Justices of the Peace Councillors in other municipalities, declines in Sorell to honour those who have received the confidence of the ratepayers. We do not feel justified in expressing any opinion on individual cases, and we have never viewed with much favour the practice or precedent that seems to have given a Municipal Councillor a right to the commission of the peace We believe that in no other Colony is the municipal ballot-box. the path to magisterial honours and the sooner a wiser principle of appointing Justices of the Peace prevails the hotter. But, meanwhile, there should not be fish made of one and flesh of another and the Council of Sorell have just reason of complaint because of honours being withheld from their body that are bestowed on others. Not that Sorell alone has cause of complaint. The same Blight or omission has occurred elsewhere; and the misfortune is that where the honour has not been coded, it is looked on not as an omission, but as a slight. Those who are omitted may be indifferent, and feel that they are in every way the equals of those who have the bestowal of the J.P ship and very probably they are so, but not so may think their neighbours who are apt to jump to the conclusion that there is some blot or reason of which they are not aware that accounts for the honour being withheld. The exercise of the power conferred on the Ministers of the Crown becomes thus so invidious that so long as the practice prevails of constituting Councillors justices, there should be no exception, unless where the omission hears a significant measure of the act of the ratepayers. The Sorell Council also complain that the Government do them injustice in the matter of the payment of the police. Here again we object to the existing practice. Subsidising a body not under the control of Government can only be justified under exceptional circumstances ; hut while the practice prevails, the law should he fairly carried 'out. Municipal Councils should not occupy the position assigned them by the Warden of Sorell. Other almoners should be provided. But there is certainly much force in the complaint that the Imperial Government having paid for the support of the police station at East Bay Neck, the Colonial Government when coming in place of the Imperial Government should throw that burden on Sorell. The station there is eminently a portion of the Port Arthur establishment, and as such the Colonial Government should maintain it. THE ROSTER. We find that Mr. Salier's non attendance at the Police Court on Friday as second magistrate, of which we complained, arose through misapprehension on his part. The notice to attend is generally given the day before, and Mr. Salier, having received notice on Wednesday, perhaps too hastily jumped to the conclusion that his presence was required on Thursday, on which day he accordingly attended to find that the night charges had been disposed of by Mr. Gresley. Had the Hit of magistrates and their respective days of attendance been published this year, as it had used to be such a mistake had not occurred. Surely the printing of such a list by the Government printer could not cost much more than the paper-a small cost compared to the inconvenience caused by the want of it. CAPTAIN MARKHAM of THE ROSARIO. We learn that the surmises in which we and others have indulged as to Captain Markham being ordered home are incorrect. Captain Markham, better known here as first lieutenant of the Blanche, was only temporarily appointed to the command of the Rosario, waiting the arrival of the officer succeeding Commander Challis. Accordingly on the return of the Rosario to Sydney, his connection with the Australian fleet having ceased, he left for England, not in consequence of anything connected with the sad attacks on the natives of the South Sea Islands, but in compliance with the ordinary regulations of the Admiralty. THE DIOCESAN SïNon.-Yesterday at noon the session of the Diocesan Synod was commenced, the Right Rev. Bishop Bromby presiding. Several notices of motion having been given, the Bishop delivered his opening address, a full report of which will be found elsewhere. There were several visitors present during the Bishop's address, including the Revs Messrs. Scott and McLean (Presbyterian), and J. Long (Primitive Methodist). An opening sitting took place at seven, when the reports and estimates of the Finance Committees of the two Arch- deacons were partly considered, and it was resolved that the further consideration should take place to-morrow (Thursday). The Synod will resume to-day the 230, and sit till 6 30, but there is to be no evening sitting, to enable members to attend church. MvNicii'AL AUDITORS Yesterday being the day appointed for receiving the nominations of citizens (duly qualified to act as Auditors of the Municipal accounts of the City of Hobart Town, the retiring auditors, Messrs. A. G. Webster and Justin McC. Browne were again placed in nomination and no other candidates having been nominated, His Worship the Mayor, the Hon. A. Kennerley, declared Messrs, Webster and Browne duly elected, PARLIAMENTARY LiiiKAnY.-A list of books mis- j Bing from the Parliamentary Library is published in another column. Any person having any such books is requested to return them to the librarian, or to the nearest member of Parliament. FINGAL QUARTZ. CRUSHING COMPANY All important meeting of the shareholders of the Fingal Quartz Crushing Company is called for this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, to consider the circumstances connected with the winding up of the company. LENT SERVICES, This evening the Rev. Canon Hales is to be the preacher at St. David's, the subject of discourse being " Sir." The Service commences at 7.30. INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED. Letter posted yesterday insufficiently stamped Wm. Stanton, Esq., Beaufort, Cape of Good Hope, THE miss Roi AT -THE favourite drama JW Lynne was produced for a second time yesterday evening at the Theatre Royal by Mrs Gladstone's theatrical company to a large pit and upper circle and moderate dress circle audience. The performance, as a whole, passed off very smoothly, but one or two of the actors failed to evince that intimate acquaintance with their parts which is requisite to command approval Mr Munro is admittedly a good actor, but his impersonation of the wily and seductive Sir Francis Levison is wanting in the polished allurements of the gentleman, and his " winning ways" partake less of the suaviter in modo than the/is Men in te He is also less attend two to grammatical accuracy, i urging from his use of such phrases as " neither you nor I is c," c, than one wouldsnpposethepersonageherepresentstohnvebenn The other principal characters, and notably that of the heroine, were ably sustained, and the audience were liberal in their expressions of applause The change in the orchestra is a decided improvement, and must commend itself to all lovers of good music, tastefully and accurately rendered The present director of the orchestra, Signor Gagliardi, is so well known here that further comment on the chance is unnecessary The entertainment concluded with the amusing farce, Up to the West Id This evening May it Stuart, the Catholic Queen, will be reproduced, and the entertainment will conclude with the laugh- able farce, A Ghost in spite of Himself THE CARANDINIS. The last of the Carandini concerts, under the patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Governer and suite, took place at the Town Hall last night before a crowded audience, who by frequent and enthusiastic applause evinced their appreciation of the admirable selection presented. The first part, consisting of selections from various well known oratorios, was listened to with rapt attention, the several solos and concerted pieces being sung with great precision and taste. The second part, consisting of a miscellaneous selection, was also charmingly rendered ; several of the pieces and songs were encored, including " Consider the Ladies " in the first part, " Una Voce," " The Old Sexton, and " When the Roses Bloom Again." The whole performance was so rich a musical treat that it is with unfeigned regret that we bid the accomplished vocalists adieu. THE CITY ALIAS. The during of the young scamps that infest our streets, and the little protection afforded by the police, was illustrated one day last week. A picnic party were about leaving the Prince's stops, and as a person sent by Mr. Blyth, the wine merchant, was conveying a basket with a dozen of wine to be put on board, a set of boys, thinking the bottles too good a target to miss, commenced trying their skill with stones, and broke three out of the twelve, and probably would not have left a whole bottle had not a gentleman come to the old man's relief and chased away the rascals. A policeman was looked for, but looked for in vain. Tmoit FuActuiiKD.-An old man named George Boyce, an inmate of the Cascades Invalid Depot, was admitted into the General Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fracture the neck of the thighbone. It appears that in company with some of the other inmates of the institution, he was assisting in grubbing up the roots of some trees on the grounds adjoining the institution, and that while so employed he fell and sustained the injury stated. He still remains in the hospital. TASMANIAN CROAKERS. Mr. Fox, the Premier of New Zealand, is reported to have recently given the following animated sketch of Mr. Rolleston, the Superintendent of Canterbury, which <a a not inapt description of those among us who are always finding fault with Tasmania and everything connected with it It is a faculty of that honourable gentleman that he is always brooding over what is doleful and lamentable, even lugubrious, and filled with the gloomiest anticipations. I have no doubt that when the honourable gentleman was an infant in his cradle he laboured under the horrid hallucination that the milk bottle would give out that he fore hoped that his little socks were damp and filled with rheumatics e, that something was wrong with his cap, or that his nurse had not aired his pinafore I have no doubt that these peculiarities are constitutional with the honourable gentleman that he was born into the world a most unhappy creature, and I have no doubt he will continue his prognostications to the end of the chapter, and that his last moments will be harassed with apprehensions' lest the rascally under- taker should make his coffin six inches too short. COCOA von INVALIDS. Nutrition and Digestive Panoroatic Cocoa. Specially prepared for sufferers from Indigestion, Debility, and Pulmonary Complaints, is highly nutritious, easily digested and palatable, and adapted for the most delicate stomach. Sold in tins from Is. 6d. by all Chemists and Italian Warehousemen, and by the Manufacturers, SAVORY MoorE, 143, New Bond-street London W. fAdvt.l 