FRIDAY, MARCH 22. Bfefuie Mr D..I M'Naught'in (Mayor) anl W,. Simpson, J.P. SUNDAY T'.ADING. -John Ellis, of the Duke of Devonshire Hotel,'was summoned for Sunday trading. 'IThe fhcts of the case appeared tobe that the police had stopped a :ad named IIudson, who had obtained two pennyworthl'of beer from the deftndiiit's house, and followed him hoine; .aid fuirther, not sitisfied with this, had thrust themselves unsolicited into the sitting.-rom of the lad's mother, and tasted the beer for theniselves. It is only fair to the piolice. to staite'thiat they averred they asked prmission to pursu thisl latter course, but: this was denied by Mrs Hudson.. Mr Miller, who appeared forthe defendlant,.raised an objecotion that it had not b·eei .proved that the .defendant was a publican, and the bench held the objection faltal, stating tlhit although they were satis fi-d among themsr-lves that he was so, still it was the duty of the police to prove it, in ihsiitihting the proceediiigs. ALLEGED .EMBEZZLEMENT. - Thomas Hen:y Cope Was chliaed ivith embezzlin, toe sum of £3 from his employer, Mr Drew, of -Melbourne, by vwhbom' he had !been er pl.,yedt as traveller. IT aRipeared ,that .the prisoner's engagement had ceHisd bon the 2rth February; on the 38rd Mairbh' bilad called onr, Mr Johnstone, of the Jutnction Hotel,.and obtained £3 due to his Tate em ployer. As it was shown tliat the prisbner had acquainted Mr Drew. of tihe fact before the prosecution, and the acknowledgment was hccepted, the prisoner wvas dischiarged, as the amount in dispute had hodw' ecome one of debt. ,*LAIcENY.-Henry Dunham was brought up, and remanded till Tuesday week, on the chirge of.steihling a watch, valued at £10. THE LATE PRIzE FIGHT AT CAUiFIELD. \--A young man nraimed William: Allen was broughtup chliared with being concerned in the ribove minatter, and remIided':to Satur day next, MINOR OFFENrEs.--Elizabeth Perry was caliged with .beinig drunk and disorderly. It appeared that she had been apjprieheided on the previous evening drunk, and in a state of semi-nudity, and being stillin .that condition, she was adjudicated on at the looklup, wliere she was oderQed to pay al~fine of 5s, on promising that she wouldt a?stain from indulging too fireely in future. From what we read it seems 'that thli. ' spirits " are very lively at present.' In Indianna, U.S., lwhere. " phenomena " are being "' manifoste'l," which threaten to do more for Spiritualism than a'l the combined table-turning for half-a-century, a Mr. Rubeck, of Harrisonville, we are informed. was trotting home from market between 11 and, 12 at night, when. his horse suddenly became restive arid stopped dead near the trunk of an 'old' trby ee theb sidei ofthe. track Then ensued a most startling " manifesta tion." First came a'brilliant light, through wuich tell shower of red ' hot chain links, then deep groans ensued apparently from the ground, then came a loud noise as of a runaway tenin, thPn a"voice which cried,, ,'.Foi God's'sake Jim, don't murder inm," and then Mr Rubeck's horse recovered from its-panic it~rd trotted' hom, in safety. !Next night a dozpn hold spirits, with Mr Rubeck at their head, visited the haunted oak and saw the peiformance repeated--liglit, chain shot, voice, and all. Of course, the place was. dug. up; of course, a skeleton was found, with'its'skull fractired; of course, the.skeleton turned out, to he that of an old. pealer, an especial friend of Mr Kubeck; and, of course, as 'ispiritiual sensation, the whole thliin has. proved a complete success,: and is bringing to the half-starved mediums of Indiana. What is perhaps most singular in 'tlhe mutter, :is that :'the -ghost is quite content with the identification of his re mains, and has n'ot ippairently .taken any steps. to bring " Jim '.': to justice., Nor anr we informed. how m.any inches of corn whiskey was held liy the parties who wit-, nessed: these ' mystelios:' elics. PFarmers see strange'thin's, and; instead of cavilling as to the verbul accuracy of Mr Rubeck's plain unvarnished tale, we ought rather to be' thankful to him for what is after all the best ghost story of the year, a'nd far superidr to anythin~ "to be found in the baulking report of Dialectical'Society, as is a real ghost to~ a scooped out turnip, and 'an old .sheet. Even when due allowance is iaide, ihe gtory is as good a Sne as Indians has, given the: voirld for a "long time, and that's"not saying alittle.-English paper. The last modern instance of absence of miind is that of the Vermont warggoner 'going to market, whio lifted the hoise into the waggon and tackled bihiself into the traces, and he did not discover hi: error until be endeavoured to p?oigh., 