SUPREME COURT, TOOWOOMBA. MONDAY May 6th. Before His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. Patrick Collins was charged for that he, on the 21st November, 1871, at Gunde Gunda Creek, did feloniously kill one Simon Zieman. The Attorney-General, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, and Mr Pring, Q.G., instructed by Mr Hamilton, for the prosecution ; Mr Blake, Q.C., in structed by Mr Chubb, for the prisoner. The Attorney-General said the first information on the file was 0ne in which the prisoner Patrick Collins was charged with the wilful murder of Simon Zieman. He (the Attorney-General) proposed to enter a nolle prosequi on that information, and enter another in which the prisoner Patrick Collins would be charged with murder, and Catharine Beckett with being an accessary after the fact. A fresh information having been filed, the pri soners respectively pleaded not guilty. Collins appeared confident and self-possessed throughout the whole of the day, and Mrs Beckett seemed only to suffer from temporary agitation at the commencement of the proceedings. Great difficulty was experienced in obtaining a jury, the panel being exhausted when only four jurymen had been passed by the respective counsel. On the second call one additional juror was obtained, and a third call was then made of the jurymen ordered to stand aside by the Crown. Mr Charles Cocks entered the box, and was about to be sworn by the bailiff, when the Attorney-General challenged him for cause. A. special jury was then sworn to inquire into the objection, and the following evi dence taken : — B. Pring, Q.C., deposed : I saw Mr Cocks outside the Court this (Monday) morning about 10 o'clock ; he said, ' I am Charles Cocks, I do not wish to be on the jury in Collins' case ; Collins, on one occa sion, saved my child's life by pulling him out of the water, and I had a feeling for him on that account, but if I am obliged to go into the box I will do my duty ;' I said I would mention the matter to the Attorney-General, and I did so. His Hano.' said it was the time time in his experi ence that triers had been called to test the indiffer ency of a juror, and on that account he thought the triers would not object to an explanation of the law bearing on the case. It was competent for either party to object to a juror who had received enter tainment at the hands of the prosecutor or the pri soner, and in this case he thought there were good grounds for the objection, inasmuch as the juror was under an almost unpayable obligation to the pri soner. The triers decided that Mr Cocks should not be sworn on the jury; and His Honor stated that although he agreed with the verdict of the triers, he was bound to add that no reflection was intended to be cast on Mr Cocks, but on the contrary the statement made by him to Mr Pring prior to the commencement of the case reflected the highest honor upon his character, in which remark the Honor able the Attorney-General and the counsel for the defence warmly coincided. The following gentlemen were sworn on the jury : —Messrs J. Kelleher, J. Adams, J. Dodd, Alex. Smith, E. Pillar. J. W. Henry, M. Purtell, J. Houston, T. W. Hoey, P. Keogh, P. Hanrahan, and A. Carrigg. The Attorney -General opened the case, and com mented on the various portions of the evidence which be intended to offer in support of the charge against the prisoners. The learned gentleman's address occupied about one hour and a quarter. Lewis Zieman deposed : I am a storekeeper resid ing at St. George ; I was carrying on business in November last in partnership with my brother Simon Zieman. Sergeant Downey deposed: I am Sergeant of Police stationed at Surat ; I produce one pair of grey tweed trousers with elastic braces, marked exhibit 18; one pair dark tweed trousers, marked exhibit 1 ; a letter with cheque enclosed, marked 2; three photographs, marked 3 ; a letter, a balance sheet, stock list, and pieces of torn papers, apparently a portion of the list, marked 4 ; a package of muti lated documents, marked 5 ; a diary for November, 1871, marked 8 ; a memorandum book and black silk necktie, marked 9 ; a leather glove, marked 7 ; a colored silk scarf, marked 16 ; a telescope breastpin, marked 17 ; a pair of elastic-side boots, marked 19 in duplicate ; one steel spur, marked 20 ; the head of a riding-whip, with string attaced marked 28 ; the throat lash of a bridle, marked 20 ; one pair of reins, with bit and pair of cheek pieces attached, marked F1 ; 0ne bridle, composed of fore head band, head piece, two cheek pieces, one bit, one pair reins, marked (throat lash ou the b.-idle marked F3) 36. Constable Patrick Henry produced one whip without head, marked 27 ; one light tweed coat, marked 29 ; one light tweed vest, marked 30 ; one pith hat, marked 31 ; four bank notes, marked 38 ; and two half-sovereigns, marked 39. Lewis Ziemau re-examined : My brother left St. George between 7 and 8 o'clock on the morning of the 20th November ; I identify the memorandum book and black silk tie (No. 9) produced ; I saw them in my brother's possession ou Sunday, the 19th November ; when he left St. George he had on a striped Crimean shirt, pair of colonial tweed trou sers—grey color, with stripe at side ; the trousers produced (No. 18) are those that my brother wore when he left ; I know them because they were made for me. and I wore them some time ; to the best of iny belief the elastic boots (No. 19) are the same that my brother wore on the 21st November; I know the pith hat (No. 31), because it bears my private trade mark on the inside ; the double-breasted tweed coat (No. 29) aud the vest (No. 30) are to the best of my belief the same that my brother wore when he left St. George ; the double pocket of the vest is torn, and therefore I know it ; I believe also that the silk scarf aud breastpin (exhibits 10 and 17) were in posses sion of my brother on the 21st November; he wore also a pair of buff skin gloves, similar to exhibit 7 ; my brother left St George on foot to go to Wagaby station, which is about half a mile distant from St George ; he had on a pair of steel spurs similar to exhibit 20; I saw also in his possession a waterproof coat, a valise containing one pair of trousers, (exhibit 1 produced and identified) also a number of papers, two photographs, and letter containing a cheque (exhibits 2, 3, 4, and 5 produced and identified ; the diary (exhibit 8) was in my brother Simon's possession when he left the store to walk over to the station ; he carried with him a saddle and greenhide whip ; exhibit 27 is similar to the one taken by my brother; he also took with, him an English bridle not much used ; it had square double buckles ; I had it in my possession on the 15th November ; I cut a hole in the throat-lash on that day because the buckle would not enter the hole ; it was the last hole on the strap that I cut ; I cut it to make it a little larger (exhibits 35 and F3 produced and identified) ; he had on a gold watch and gold chain when he left St. George ; 1 nave never seen him Bince that day ; the firm of Zieman Brothers were indebted to Mr Murphy, the solicitor of Brjsbane, on the 21st Nov. ; the debt was incurred on aocount of Wm. Beckett. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : We have several bridles similar to No 36 in our stock ; I made the cut in the last hole of the throat-lash, on the 15th November in the afternoon ; I swear to that posi tively ; I swear to the pith hat by the mark on the inside ; the hat produced was the only one of the kind we had in stock. James Rogers deposed : I ran the mail between St. George and Surat ; I was at the Wagaby station on the 20th November, about seven o'clock in the morning ; I saw Mr Zieman and a black boy come up to -the station; the blaok boy was carrying a saddle, and Mr Zieman was walking beside him ; the station is about half a mile from St. George ; the saddle and bridle were put on a horse that 1 lent Mr Zieman by the black boy ; I noticed that it was an English bridle and very slightly used ; on the 24th November last 1 was about six miles from Donga : between that place and Werribone station ; I saw there a chestnut horse with his near hook out ; it was cut across from one side to the other ; I have seen the horse in the polios paddock at Toowoomba; I was going towards Surat when I first saw tha horse ; I arrived at Donga station after dark, and returned to it on the following day ; I had a conver sation with John Clancy of Donga, and in conse- quence thereof I rode to St. George, arriving there about three o'clock on the morning of the 26th of November ; I returned on that day to the place where I had seen the horse, and on the way I was joined by others ; wo turned off the road towards the Gunde-Gunda Creek in order to find tracks of the horse ; we went by the side of the creek and saw the body of a man floating with the face down wards ; the body was dressed in tweed trousers and Crimean shirt ; there was a log across the small of the back ; I rode at once to Surat, and gave infor mation to the police on the same day ; I returned to Gunde Guuda Creek the same night in company with Sergeant Downey and Mr Bays ; the body was in the same position — nothing was done towards the removal of the body that night ; it was taken out of the water by the police 0n the following morning ; I first saw the chestnut horse in the custody of the police on the 28th November last ; when I saw it on the 24th November, it was about 300 yards from the bank of the creek, and about six miles from Donga station ; Donga, by the road, is about four miles from Tartulla station ; there is a swamp about two anda-half miles from Donga station, and about three and a-half miles from the spot where I first saw the horse ; I found a man named Edward Hiles at Gunde Gunda Creek, when I returned from Surat with Sergeant Downey aud Mr Bays. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : When I saw the chestnut horse, the second time, he was about twelve miles from the spot where I first saw him ; this was ou the 25th November ; I saw him in a mob of horses that was in charge of Mr Clayton. William Rea deposed : I am a surveyor residing at St. George ; I knew the late Mr Simon Zieman ; I saw him last about two o'clock, on Monday, the 20th November, at M'Dougall's station at Warroo ; this station is situated ou one of the roads leading from St. George to Tartulla ; he stayed only a few minutes; I saw him go towards Donga, in the direction of Tartulla; he got off his horse at Warroo ; lie was dressed in dark tweed trousers with a stripe down the outer side, a lighter colored coat, double-breasted, a new pair of elastic boots, a pith hat, with white cover and curtain, a pair of light colored riding-gloves, and wore a heavy gold watch- guard ; he carried in his hand a riding whip, made of green hide ; the whip produced (ex hibit 27} is more broken than when I saw it in Mr Zieman's possession, and the head is broken off. but I believe it to be the same whip ; exhibit 28 (a Turk's head forming the top of a whip) resembles very much the head I saw on Mr Zieman's whip when he went away from Warroo ; on Sunday, 26th November, I left Warroo station in company with several others, and proceeded to the Guude Gunda Creek; beyond the boundary we divided into two parties for the purpose of searching along the banks ; the map produced was prepared by myself from notes taken on the spot ; it is a correct plan of the locality it professes to describe ; I see on the map two yellow lines, they are portions of the main road from Donga station to Surat ; the road divides at one point, and meets again at another ; a man named Donnolly and myself searched up the creek ; we heard a black boy cooey some distance off, and went to the spot joining the party that were en gaged in searching down the creek ; I saw the body of a man lying in the water of the creek (spot painted out on map) ; it was lying a few feet from the edge of the water with the face downwards ; the left arm was extended, and the right confined by a trouser brace, which appeared to have slipped from the shoulder ; there was a log of wood with the butt end resting on the loin of the body— the smaller end resting ou the bank of the creek ; the butt end was about nine or ten inches through, and the length of the log about fifteen feet ; it was a log that one man could lift ; we did nut disturb the body until the next morning ; I first saw the body between eleven and twelve o'clock on the morning of the 26th November, aud waited until the morning of the 27th for the arrival of the police ; after we had found the body myself, Donnolly, and the black boy searched all round the immediate neighbor hood ; the black boy first drew my attention to the tracks of a man and a horse, the man apparently leading the horse, and going down to the water's edge (position of tracks exhibited on plan) ; the track of the horse went into the water ; the bank of the creek, at this particular point, has a gradual slope to the water's edge ; I cannot speak positively as to the depth of the water at this spot ; I saw only one track in the water; the next tracks we dis covered were the marks of two horses going along the bank of the creek downwards ; the tracks are shown in the plan by dotted lines almost parallel with the creek; the lower track — the one nearest the water- -was much plainer than the upper one ; the lower track had evidently been made by a horse galloping, and commenced to gallop a few yards from where the body was found ; the upper track was just on the fall of the creek, and disconnected, so much so that we could not follow it throughout ; we followed the lower track down the creek, round the end of the waterhole— the creek being a chain of waterholes — across the creek, and for about a hundred yards in the direction of Tartulla ; we also saw several tracks of a man circling a natural hole in the bank, which had been recently tilled with earth ; (position shown on plan) ; the next track we found was going off the road towards the creek, and in the dircction where the body was discovered ; (posi tion shown 0n plan) ; the one, the track of a man, who had apparently led his horse down to water, was that of a person wearing a light blucher boot, with a row of nails round the heel, and in the centre of the front of the heel were a number of nails in the form of a triangle ; the impression of this heel was heavier on the outer than the inner side ; I made a sketch of this track on the spot in my memorandum book (produced) ; the position of the nails in the boot is shown, but not the number ; the tracks round the natural hole in the bank were apparently the mark ' of the same spot t'lat was fouud 011 the track lead- j ing down to the creek ; there were other tracks of a ! man at a spot on tlie biuk of the creek where tier- ? geant Downey took a cheque out of the water ; these ; also appeared to have been made by the saine boot. : Sergeant Crauuey was hero caljud, aud produced ' a pair of light blucher boots. I The light at this hour (half pa -t 5) being insuffi- I oieut to allow of an easy inspection of the nails in the boots, the Court adjourned till Tuesday morn iog. Tuesday, May 7. The Court resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. Examination iu chief of Win. liua, continued : I have looked at the boots (exhibit 37) and examined the soles and nails in the heels ; the solos and nails correspond with the tracks I found ou the bank of the Gunde Gunda Creek ; they correspond also with tlie tracks I found ne.tr the natural hole in the bank of the creek, and the track in the mud at the edgo of the water at the plnco where I saw Sergeant Downey take a cheque out of the creak ; I covered the track over with some leaves and pieces of a saddlecloth I found near tlie hole ; the other track on the side of the bank I covered with a piece of bark ; Constable Henry arrived about 0 p.m. on Sunday, the 20th November ; I discovered all tha tracks I have spoken of but ono before Constable Henry arrived ; after Henry came I discovered the trades marked ou plan A, dotted line and circle — they were horse tracks ; I lost the tracks nearly one hundred feet from the cirole ; the tracks were going almost iu a direct Hue with the tracks whioh led down the bank of tho creek into the water ; I saw other tracks in the mud on the bank of the creek, but I did not mind them ; there were three impres sions of a boot or boots ; the boot appeared to bo a long narrow boot, with a round toe slightly run over on the untcr side ; the track had evidently boon made by a person leaning over towards the oreek ; about as far as a man could reach from the tracks, there was fouud iu tho mud of the bed of the creek a coat and vest rolled round the stick which I saw one of the police take out of tho water ; 1 believe it was Sergeint Downey ; tho outer side of the boot nearest the water, made tho deeper impression ; the position of the other boot had been removed and placed across a previous impression made by the same foot in such a way aa a man loaning over and baUnoingmmielfontheleguextthewaterwouldleave behind htm ; I nodn ? sketoh in my pocket-book on the spot, of tho track mentioned (witness di jws an extended sketch for the information of the Court) ; there were other tracks of a horse that bad been tied to a sapling about 475 feet from wheio the body was found ; the track which was found round the natural hole in the bank of tho creek came up the creek to the hole ; those wore ail tho tracks 1 saw ; a person making those tracks would have to come up the creek to the body ; Sergeant Downey arrived with Rogers aud Mr bays nhmt midnight of Sun day, the 24th November ; 011 the following morning we coiumuuccd the search ; the piece uf saddlecloth was of the same pattern as that I saw in Mr Zie man's possession at Warroo ; on the morning of the 27th November, 1 went with Sergeant Downey to search along the bank of the creek ; this search was instituted before the body was removed from the water ; a man named Bennett pointed out a pair of trousers, aud Sergeant Downey took them out of the water (exhibit 1 produced aud identified) ; we found papers iu different places ; the piece of the stock of a pistol (exhibit 10) I found in Gunde Gunda Creek at the spot marked D iu the pUn pro duced ; it is a few feet distant from tlie spot where the body was found ; I saw the bat (exhibit 31) taken from the creek at the spot marked F on the plan ; the coat and vest (exhibit 29 and 3D) are the same that 1 saw rolled round the stick that was taken from the creek, by Sergeant Downey ; after making this search 1 assisted Sergeant Downey and others to take the body out of the water; the ground immediately around the water in which the body was found was not disturbed ; there were a quautity of long trailing weeds in the water near where the body lay, and from the spot where the tracts of a man and horse which led to the creek ; the weeds bad beeu disturbed in a downward direc tion to where the body was fouud, as though a body h?d been dragged along through the weeds ; the track was two feet from the edge of the creek ; we placed the body on a stage when we got it out of the water ; so far as 1 cau speak, from the shape of the skull, 1 believe it to have been the body of Simon Ziumin ; the features were beyond identification ; when Mr Zieman was at Warroo on the 2Uth November my attention was drawn to the curious shapo of his head ; he hod a very high aud narrow forehead, the same description as the skull of the body found in the creek ; we ex amined the body that day, aud the next day we particularly examined the skull; at the time the body was takcu from the water the flesh was off, the skull quite deuuded, and the scalp hanging at the back of the ueck ; the skull w.'.s fractured in several places, aud the jaw broken ; there was a hole from the lower part of the left eye tu the upper part of the righveye, through the nose, and leaving the brain bare ; there were no other marks of violence I on the body ; our impression was that the hole was | produced by a shot wound ; the lio'e was ue.iily as 1 large as a threepenny- piece, a small portion nf the I bone that protects thu eye having been carried awoy ; [ there was a jagged hole through the nose almost im- | mediately between the two eyes, and a small chip j of bone at the top of the right eye fractured so small 1 that it could scarcely be noticed ; there was a double fracture at the back of the head in the shape of the letter V ; the lower jaw also was fractured immedi ately opposite the clliu ; the jaw was fractured iu I another place higher up, 1 think ou the left side ; f some of the teeth were loose in the head ; thojo ! fractures might have bjcu produced by a blow ; tho body was partially dressed ; it had 011 a striped crinieau shirt aud an under shirt, a pair of trousers with a dark stripe on tun outer side of the leg (ex hibit 1$ shown to wituess) ; those are the trumps that were on the body, and they arc the saum (lint Mr Simon Zicoion wore wJieu he ro Je u(- t) Warroj ou the 20th November ; 011 tint day ami during his stay at Warroo, lie stooped down with bis back towards me to take nil' his boot, an. I I noticed that the Beat of his trousers was worn a little more 011 one side than ou the othur, a'lii the b.ittom uf uiie leg of the trousers was slightly worn as if by a t[i\ir ; the body hail ou a pair of new elastic siiie boots (ex hibit 13 produced) ; thoss are the bo.its 1 cut off the bmly ; they arc similar ulso to those ( saw itr Zieman weiring ou the MlM November ; 1 produce a plan nf Tartulla station ; it shows the position uf all thu houses, outbuildings, fences, and ma. Is im mediately rouud the atatinii ; 1 prepared the- plau ; it is correct in detail to the best of my belief ; I rc iucinb.ii' being at 1'artulU ou the lOlh September last ; I wuut all over the premises with Mr William Beckett; 1 sail' tn'u pistols in the sh-rc ; 1 huddled them both— one win a small pistol, aud thu other a large one with a uew stock ; they were left in thu store ; I left the store and went to the front veran dah ; Mr iieckett brought out auother larger pistol ; it was uot a fellow to the one 1 saw in the store ; it was a pistol with a very large bore, brass mountings and ramrod, with a button^ like a carbine ramrod ; 1 never saw one like it be'o'c ; it was a percussion pistol with one barrel ; I took it out of Mr Beckett's baud and cocked it, and let the hammer dowu two or three times, ami then returned it to Mr Beckett ; the uext time I saw that pistol was at Uimde tiuncU Creek ; a piece of the pistol 1 found at that place, and the pieces found by the police arethesimefbrass trigger guard exhibit 11, butt of pistol exhibit 14, lock, hummer, and three pieces ofjiistul stock So. 1'ipro.luueil by Sergeant Dummy). Sergeant C'ranucy was then called, and produced the barrel of a pistol nnd a piecs of a stock (ex hibited 21), aud the witness ltea proceeded to place the portions (produced) iu order. Examination of witness continued: This is the pistol that was sliowu to me ou the front verandah of Tartulla Station ; Mr Beckett brought it out of one of the front rooms ; in the front verandah is Mrs Beckett's bedroom ; the sitting lUJin is another fr.mt room leading olF the vcrandali to the left uf Mrs Beckett's bedroom a.% you go iu from the veraudah ; there is a small bedroom at ract- end of the veran dah ; the one at the right uiud was occupied by Mr Beckett, sen., whea 1 was there; the other was occupied by »lr Turubull ; there is a room at the back of the apart ment that was occupied by Mr Beckett, sen. ; there is a row of skillious un tw« sides of Mrs Beckett's room, and on one side of tie sitting-runm towards the back ; 1 eutered the room occupied by Mr Beckett, sou., from the verandah; the skilliou behiud this room, and parallel with Mrs Beckett's apartment, is a long narrow room, entrance to it being obtained from the yard, and nit from the vc raudall ; the building is composed of ilabs with bark roof ; all the buildings that 1 have described are under one roof ; the long narrow roon is marked B 011 tho plan ; the sitting-room is divided from Mrs Beckett s bedroom by a slab partition, and the long narrow room (It) is divided in the lame manner ; thu height of the petition is 7 ft. 9 iu ; the room B is divided from Mr Beckett, senior's, room by a slab partition also ; the rooms are not coihd ; I am not sure whether thu sitting-room ib ceilul or not ; the partitions do not run up to the roof ; I was not present when the hammer of the pistd was found, Cross-examined by Mr Blake : I wait from War roo to Gunde Guuda Creek ; 1 know Longa station ; 1 did uot see the traok of a long naked foot near the place where the pistol was found ; I was there when Sergeant Downey compared the bolts with the track ; 1 s»w the track of a long mrrow boot ; that track was at the bank of the edge of the creek; I saw Sergeant Downey conpare other boots besides those that have been produced ; 1 believe the tracks were made by the same person ; the right foot was next .he water ; 1 saw cnly three foot prints at that pUce ; the toe impressions wore scarcely so distinct as the other ; tbeso three impressions were different from thoso whioh led to the creek ; a mob of traveling horses passed up the creek between the 20th anl 26th No vember ; a man named Clayton was in charge nf the mob ; 1 oaunot nuuio the day they pased up the oreek, but 1 know it was after the 2l)th. because I was out surveying ; the tracks of booti that Ser geant Downey compared with the longtrack were very similar wken he made nn impresiion beside them ; to the test of my belief it nai the right boot. Mr Blake hen called upon the Crown to produce tho boots. His Honor t It is the boundeu duty of the Crown to produce all the evidence, in this otse (murder) most especially. The boots were then produced by Mr Uhr (ex hibits 12 and 22). Cross- examination of witness continued : The boots nra very similar to tho^c which Sergeant Downey compared with the track of the long nnr- 1 row boot ; thcro hid been sliebt rain between the 21st and 20t!i November ; I (irst saw the lij;ht blucher boots i-i tho Court house at Surat ; I first saw the others (12 and 22)— if they are the same — when Sergnant Downey bruuilitthem to- - untie G unda Creek ; 1 did not sec the light bluchers company! with any track ; I saw them this year when Mrs Ibckctt was before the Court ; on tbe night of the 26th myself aud some other men examined the na tural hole iu the bank i.f the creek by torchlight Itc-exauiined by Mr l'ring: The heels of the blucher boots are larger than those ou |the boots ex hibits 12 and 22 ; the nailB also arc larger and placed iu a different position ; there are no nails in the centre of the heels of 12 and 22 as in the light blucher boots. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : I saw Sergeant Downey put the boot into the original track ; the boot appeared to correspond ; Sergeant Downey said they corresponded. The witness here left the box, but was re-tilled by His Honor at the request of Mr Friag : There was a shorter cut than the road from Tartulla sta tion to Gunde Gunda Creek ; 1 produce a plan (ex hibit C) showing the relative position of Turtulla and Guude Gunda Creek ; it shows also the approx imate position of Donga station, as well as the sp pror.iuiatinn of Tartulla, Donga, and the road from Donga to Ouude Guuda Creek ; the road to Tar tulla leads nu to the main road from St (icorgc to Surat ; it cuts that road at Donga station as will be observed on the plan (C) ; the junction puint is marked by a small square, and the words approxi mate position nf Dongah station ; there is no direct road all the way from Tartulla to Gunde (iuuda Creek ; there is a track almost in a direct line to the Balnuuc river which is about half way to Guude Ounda Creek ; the liilonne river is shown on the map ; there is no traok from the* Balonne river to Cunde---unda Creek, but you can make your way to the creek ; through the bush there is a short cut between Tartulla aud Gunde Gunda Creek, which will save a tcvr miles ; I surveyed the country de lineated in the map (C) ; the distance from Mr Beckett's house at Tartulla station in a straight line to the liauk of the creek where the body tras found ! is exactly seven miles. I Cross-examined by Mr Blake: The cmssing-place nf .e Baloiiiie is at the Donga station : to get to Donga from T»rtulla you must cross the Bilnuro. James Hainiltnu, who unfortunately got bis arm dislocated a Bbirt time before h-: .ippuarc.l in the but, stated on oitb : 1 am chief warder of .'ie l'enal l^tablislnuoiltat St. Helena; I believe I have scan the boots (371 before at St. Helena ; I VvW tlie;i) Jaft when tile prison? ' U'as about ' ? k'.ive tlic island ; he hail a pair of boots made for him before he was discharge I ; I issued the material for th.; boots t't the shoemaker, a ail received the bnn'.s after they were compictel ; they wcic iu the j tfcore a week before t'u: iirisner wa= ! discharged; they wcie issued by me to Collins; i 'ley were maJe to measure by one of the convict stioem d;crs in the ostablisVai.-nt ; the sl'oi-m .knr wni employed about a liiout'i j.-cvious to tbe time ! be was instructed to tv-Uc a pjir for Collins ; Ci'l- \ lins' biota were the fust p:.-;r he male in the cst.ib- j lis'unellt ; lie uiadc one other pair b.' ides Col lins', aud two piira fir another lane pii so'ier ; when lie du':v«red Collins' boots I noiicad they wore innah I jngor in the leg thnn Oic ord'niry bluclier boots ; I nniiocd also a tvianyli! of n.;iU i-j | the hauls, and .idifl'ifent arruigemcnt --( pegj iu tUe toe from what I had ever seen liefore ; I haveoliavae of the stores; I have n great many bootj ps'i through my h.mds during the year ; I havo never seen any other boots with a triangle of Mails i'l the Iinel' except the piir made for the other man by (he sauie shoemaker; 1 never saw such nn arranr niuut of nails before or since ; I saw the pair made for :'-c other man in the store, and I now jinduce t'.i'in ; tlicy weii' given to (he man ami lie wore them for a ?lay ; lie lias nut worn tluai since ; he is uow a [-r:- soueratSt. Helena. Cross-cxJiminud by Mr liUUu : Tho niakfir of thu boots was not n shncni: '-cr by trade ; he learnt th? business in Hrisb.im- ga -!. j By a jiimnau : Thu him t'.int ma-.le the \m»U is '? si i'1 1111 tbe island. Vatrick Henry -\ei-'-sc.\ : 1 a;» .1 constable ft.i- | tinned at St.iicor^c; 1 went to Ciinde fiunda Ovck oil Saturday thu i«th November last ; I saw a bo.ly Coating in the crejk : I suirehcl with others round the neighborhood ; 1 saw a natural hole in the b.mk of the creek ; 1 found a E'liall piece of saddlecloth, and another piece nn tho top of the hole (piece1: pro duced) ; on the following morning L found .1 i.-i;:t and vest ; they we^e rolled rouud a piece of stick, aud the stick was fixed iu the mud in t'c w .tcr ; the oat aud vest (cslvbits 29 and 3i-) are tbe same that I fouud ; I found four one pound Holes ami tw- 'talf sovereigns inside the lining of the vijil hand picket of the vest when drying the clothes ; I found a hat about two yar.ls noarcT the boilv thnn where 1 found tho coat and vest ; it was covered with water and mud: (exhibit 31 produce 1 and identified) ; I know the T.irtu)h station ; I \r.is there on the 6th December ; I took a common j riding-whip from the station ; it was broken near ; th? top, and wanted n hea I ; I got it in a room iu i the front of the house on the bead station ; it was iu ? the bedroom ; I found the whip on the top of the i roof of the bed, (whip uvirkcd 27 produced and : identified). ! cross-examined by Mr Blake ; I arrived at the , creek on Sunday, November 20 ; I recollect 6c.:ing i a hole on the bank of the creek ; it had been re- j cently dut; but closed up again ; the hole was about i 270 or 2S0 yards from where the body was found: j I observed marks of a foot about the creek ; they j were not plain ; there hail been rain on two oecs- ; sioiiB before I examined this place , Mr Ken, a 1u.1i! ! named Clancy, and another named Hyder were j with me ; the lining in tlie vest pro luced (exhibit ! 3) is torn ; it was in that condition when I found it. ; By a Juryman : We began the search about a ; quarter of an hour after I arrived at Guude liunria ' Creek ; we used a torchlight because the moonlight J was insufficient for the purpo«c. Sergeant Cramioy deposed: I was stationed at | St. George iu November last; I visitel -iundc Gunda Creek in company with Mr lThr, 1'olice Magistrate of St. George, on this 27th of th.it month ; on the 2Gth I went to a shoemaker named Overs at St. George's bridge with Mr Uhr ; he got tlie pair of boots produced (exhibits 12 ami 22), ami handed them over to me ; I took the right boot (S''i 12) with me when I started for (?uude liunda Creek ; I saw Sergeant Downey fit the boot into a track close to the water ; he made one impression of the boot alongside t!ie track ; 1 saw several persons there beside Sergeant Downey ; I left the creek on the 27th November, and returned on the 2Sth ; I went down to the creek and saw Sergeant Downey in the water ; 1 took off my clothes aud went into the water near the spot where the body was found ; the water was about three and a-half feet dorp ; 1 found the barivi nf a pistol in the water about live or six feet from tho bank , ths barrel was stuck iu the mud ; 1 found also a piece nf the ntoek of n pistol nearer to the bank ; the barrel nnd portion of stocK (exhibit 21) are the same that 1 found in the waters of Gunde Guuda Creek, The Court adjourned till ten o'clock on Wed nesday morning. Wednesday, May 8th. Tho trial of Patrick Collim for the murder of Mr Simon Zieman at Guudo Gunda Creek, nn the 21st November lost, and of Catherine Beckett for being an accessary after tho fact, was resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. James Hamilton, chief warder of tho Penal Ei talilishmout at St. Helena, was rc-cnlled and de posed : Tho prison shoemaker at St. Helena made two pairs of boots for lamo men— one was a pair of blucnor's, the other a pair of laceups ; the beet of the light blucher boot for the lame man was half an inch higher than the heel of the left boot'; the outside of the solo of the ri?ht boot was also thicker than tho outside of tho left hoot. llegiuald Charles Heber Ohr depossd : I am Po lice Magistrate at St. George ; I produce! n pair of Wellington boots yesterday (exhibits 12 and 22) ; I got them from a shoemaker named Oven on the i:7th November last ; 1 took the right boot (No. 12) to Uande (iiinda Creek ; I gave it to Sergeant Cranuey, who took it down the creek to Sergeant Downey ; 1 saw Downey make an impression iu the mud at the aide of the creek alongside another mark ; it made an impression similar to die track that was fouud on the creek ; 1 saw only one track compared with the boot at that place ; other tracks wcro pointed out to me ; they appeared to have beeu m;idu by a blucher boot ; the impression of the heel only was plain ; 1 did not examine it minutely myself ; 1 went away on the evening of the 27th November, and returned to the creek the nevt morning ; on that day 1 searched about the place iu order to see if 1 could discover any traces of a struggle ; 1 did uot find such traces ; I was acquainted witli Mr Siuiou Zieman ; about the luth I November last he drew my attention to a trinket he ! had on his watchebaiu ; it was in the shape of a small keg, aud carved in ivory ; 1 believe there was a photograph inside the keg ; the cbaiu was a gold albert ; I would know the watch and chain again if 1 saw it. James Whidford was here called, and produced a gold hunting-watch, chain, and trinkets. Witness continued : That is the watch and chain 1 saw in Mr Ziomiu's possession at St. George ; I awear also to the ivory keg un tbe chain ; I took it [rum Mr Zietnan's hand, and looked at tbe photo graph ; 1 recognise the photograph because it is a peculiar one ; I ' remember also that Mr Zieman drew my atteution about the loth November to a waistcoat he then wore ; i was speaking to him at the time ou the verandah of the store at St. George ; I searched for an article in my waistcoat pocket uid fouud it had escaped through a hole in the liu iug and gmic tu the luck ; Mr Zioinan then showed Die a similar hole in the corner of his waistcoat liucket, which bn said be bad found very convenient [«r carrying money when travelling ; it was a light tweed waistcoat (No. :i'l produced); I believe that waiutcoat to be tha ouc wurji by Sir Zieman on that occasion ; there is a hole in the lining of the pocket. Cross-examined by Mr Blake: 1 know that the welliugton boats (12 aud 22) belong to John Shannon M'Govuu; 1 knew M'Goven to have been a stock man at Tartulla ; be was apprehended at St George nu suspicion uf being concerned ill tbe murder of Simon Zicmau, and afterwards discharged ; in my explanation before the magistrates at St. George 1 said that tiic lift bout (No. 22J was staiued with blood ou the iusiilv uf the leg ; 1 spoke also of a iadillc. Sergeant Crauney licre produced a saddle (No. 24) ami a stirrup-iron ami leather. Witness continued : I know that saddle to be the property uf fie prisoner Patrick Collins ; 1 said be fore the magiiitrates ut St. (jeur^e that 1 saw blood rin a stirrup iron ; the iron produced is not the one upon which 1 saw marks of blood. [In answer to a -juestiou ,'rom Mr Blake as to the reason why the iron iu question was not produced liy the Cruwu, the Attorrey -General said it had been sent to Brisbane for examination, but he had no doubt he would be enabled to produce it before the L'ourt rose un Thursday e.'euiug.j Serjeant Cramicy rc-called by the Attoi ley fieneral : 1 produce a grecuhide strap (No. 25), it is attached to the saddle identified by Mr Chr. Win. Downey depo-ed : 1 am Sergeant of Police statioued at Sur.it ; ou tbe 2(itk November lost I left Surat for Gunde Uuuda Creek ; l)efore 1 went t'-o*e 1 got possession of a chestnut horse branded XV B near shoulder with other brands ; I got the horse from a 111 iu named Robert Clayton ; the horse had a cut nn the near hock ; it was cut from the top of the siucw somewh -t in a downward direction on Lbe outer side of the leg— the hollow between the sinew r '1! the muscle not being cut ; the horse is now in the police stables at this Court- house ; 1 know .lohu Clancy ; lie saiv the horse in my posses ;ou at Doir.'a t-Utimi ; 1 ar.ivcd at (Juudc Uuuda Creek at ,'i o'clock on th= inoruing of the 27th Nu itniber ; 1 saw Ml' l!ca and Constable Henry at the ires'* : I sr «? a dead body in the water of the creek ; I n'sisted in taking the body from the water ; I pi'odinw a pair of tweed t oussrs with clastic-web h .ci^ attached (No IS) ; I took them from the dead h.iiy ou tbe 2!)i'i X ,-e.ubor ; I no.ccd that the piicU-t-su-ee turn:.l Inside out; the Crimean sliiit Wit's left iu tne Vi-.iSerhiile because it w.-.s perfectly uiUcu ii'ul very offensive ; the pair of trousei s (So. I) 1 found abuut tircnty-iive yards above the plice u here the body lay ; exhibit 2 (letter aud cheque) I Found two or tlircu yards below the spot where 1 got tbe trousers and nearer to the body ; the letter and cheque wei-e embedded in the mud at the edge of i'ie creA ii'ider the water ; exhibit 3 (photographs) 1 found a few yards distant also embedded in the mud of the creek , t-.'iibits 4, 5, 8, and 9 (papers, memorandum book, and necktie) 1 got from the mud it the edge of the creek, between the spnt where 1 found i'ie cheque and the body ; exhibit 7 (glove) 1 fouud at the same time about twelve yards above the body ; exhibits 10 and 17 (pin and Bc.irf) aud 10 and 2J were taken fnnn the body cither by u.yuclf or under my direc tion; exhibit 23 (Turk's head with string at tached) I fouud about tweuty-h'vo yards to the right rear of the spot where tbe body bail iai-i ; 1 1 uik it from n small twig at the runt of a sapling on the 4th December last ; exhibit IU (portion of stock of pistol) 1 took possession of from Mr ltea about 6 o'clock ou the morning of tliu 27 th November; exhibit 11 (trigger guard) I took out of the mud, a few inches from the edge uf the creek, and about live or six feet from the spot where tbe body then laid ; exhibit II) (piece uf stock of pistol) was taken from the water by Mr ltea ; exhibit 14 (butt of pistol) 1 got ou the afternoon of the 2Sth November ; it was stickiug up iu tho :nud at the bottom of tho water, about four feet from tlij ciIl'^ of the creek, and quite close to the spot where t'.fi' bidy bad been lying ; exhibit 13 (luck, hammer, &c.;,) I inund in the creek quite close to Nu 14 ; (the pieces having been tied together rendered the pistol almost complete) ; 1 examiu -il tbe LTnnnd in the vicinity of the place where the body u as fuuiid ; 1 saw tracks ; the first track was np on the bank, about ten yards behind a tree on the edge nf thu water ; tbore was a horse track, aud after that the track o( .1 bj.it (pl.m H produced and spot marked); the track weutdnwutothe water; that uf the man to within throu pices of the edge of the water, aud that of the horse into tlie creek ; the tree was butueon the place 'where the boly was fuuml anil the tracks ; the water at the point where the horse track entered the oreek was covered with long trailing weeds, and these appeared to have been displaced the spot where the body was found ; the weeds appeared as though a heavy body had been dragged ilou'u to the creek to the spot where the dead body was found ; there were several boot tracks between the tree and the place where the trousers (Nu 1) were found ; 1 cad only speak distinctly of the toe of ouc of these tracks, and that was nn the bank opposite the spot where 1 found the clici]ue (No 2) ; it was n brond square toe and bad the iip|-uaraiicc nf the boot having beeu worn over to thu outer side ; about one hundred and n'fty yards further down the creek the earth on the bank bad been disturbed ; there were several old tracks pointed nut to me round nbout this spot ; 1 fitted a boot iuto ouc of the tracks opposite the place where the coat and vest (Nns 29 ami 3d) were fouud ; 1 got the boot (No 12) from Sergeant Cranncy ; 1 first niiide au impression with the boot by pressing it ilmvu in the mud ; the impression produced was similar to the one that had boon mailo before; 1 then placed the boot in the old track and it fitted from about the middle to the top of the toe (sketch nf track drawn by witness and put in) ; ou the afternoon of the 27th November I went to Tartulla Btatiou in oouipany with Mr Uhr and So-geant Cranney ; I searched a skilliou room (marked 0 on 1-1 an), and the only room of whioh the door faced TartulhiCreek ; Ifouinl iu that room two cheek pieces belonging to a bridle attached to nbit, aud to which were attached a pair of reins (exhibit l''l ileutitiod) ; they wero lmugiug 011 a uail in tho room ; I fouud un the same day some mutton lead that had ap parently beeu run in sand ; t found it in tho store room iu a little box containing powder and shot (pieces of lead produced and marked No. 13) ', when I took possession, the edges of the pieces appeared to have been freshly out ; I left Tartulla la tha evouing of 27th November, and returned on tlie momingof tbe 28th ; I drove n mob of horses to the yard at TartuU* ; there was a bay burse in that «ucl- branded O with a dot outside, M upaido down with a bar across, and Ml under the M ; the upper H. looked as though it had been placed over anntfotir brand ; die horse is now iu Toowoomba ; after that I returned to Giinde Gumla Creek, and resumed tile search ; I then went to St. George's bridge ; I cot th' re from Sergecit Cr.iuiiey the bridle produced by mo yesterday (Nua. 31) and rc.) [Shown to witness and identified.] On the 27th November I received from Mrs Beckett at Tartulla. oue shirt and one pair of trousers (marked DIH)\ ; they were cleaa when I received them from Mrs Beckett, as they are uow. Cross- examined by Mr Blake : Sergeant Cranney was with me when I compared tho Uoot with the track ; it was a left boot ; one of the tracks covered tbe heel of one of the other tracks ; this was not the track into which 1 put tbe boot ; it was the track which pointed towards tbe creek; when I put the boot in the track I believe I told Sergeant Cranney that they corres ponded ; I am quite positive the tracks were as I described ; I have no recollection of seeing Mr Beft at that point ; I saw some trades at tlie root of the tree which I spoke of at the water's edge ; tile boot did not correspond with that track. Cross- examined by Mr Pring : The bark of the root of the tree 1 spoke of had been knocked off t there was rain between the night of the 26th and the time I littiii the boot iu the track ; I do not kuow whether there was ram ou that portioil of Gunde Gunda Creek. John Aitkin deposed : I was stock-keeping at Tar tulla in November last for Mr William Beckett ; £ know the prisoner Patrick Collins ; he is brother to. Mrs Beckett ; I saw Collins on the 12th November, when he came on the station ; he was riding a roan horse when I saw him ; on the 13th it was arranged, for Collins and M 'Goven to go away on tlie 14tu ; they weut to O'Brien's fur the purpose of bringing in some cattle belonging to Mr William Beckett ; I did not see them return to Tartalla ; an the 18th. Novctnber 1 went to Tarogay iu company with PatrickCollins, WilliamBeckett.ShanuouM'Goveo, William Turubull, aud a block boy; Taragay is a part of Tartulla station : we did not return together ; we worked that uigbt at Taragay and the fallowing morning ; all the party besides myself returned tu Tartulla the next Bight ; my horse knocked up and 1 had to remain iu the bush ; 1 returned to Tartulla about breakfast time ou the 20th November, Collins was riding a roan horse whioh did not belong to the station ; he was riding in his owu saddle ; he told me he had ex changed a pair of reins with bis sister as his owu were rather too light for him ; he told me this before we went to Taragay ; on the afternoon of the iOth November I saw a gentleman come up to tha station ; it was Mr Simon Ziemsn ; John Beckett come to the Btntion about tea-time ; all the persons engaged on the station were about tbe premises, with the exception nf one man named Newson, who had gone to WVrebrine to muster cattle ; Wereboue is about twenty-eight miles from TaituUa, but there , is a shorter cut ; there were ou the station that night at tea-time S. McGovcn, Wiliiam Jtoeketl, J. Beckett, jun., J. Beckett sen. the (father of tlie oilier twu), Christian Weis the German, George the fencer, Thomas Doyle, Mr 'J'urnbull, and myself, there were also the cook (Mrs Holmes) and Jane Ryle (the nursemaid), the governess (Mrs Swift), Mrs Beckett, and six children, Simon Zieman, aud Patrick Collins ; all these people slept ou the station that night, and were all there at breakfast time the next morning; after tea myself and Simon Zieman went iuto the kitclieuand iuto old Mr Beckett's bedroom; he is bed-riddeu ; the main bouse consists of two rooms opening on to a verandah ; the old Mr Beckett's room is at oue end of that verandah ; Mrs Beckett's bedrooDi and the old gentleman's bedroom come together at au augle ; Collins' bi^lruoui ta';es the whole of that in, aud adjoins, Mrs Beckett's lied room; 1 saw Patrick Collins when 1 went iuto tl.e old gen tleman's bedroom ; be was then iu die parlour, aud might have heard what was said in tbe old gentle man's room, but 1101 very plainly : we remained in t'icold gentleman's bedroom until past 11 o'clock that night ; a person iu Collins1 bedroom could hear p'.r 'jiy what was said in old Mr Beckett's room ; next morning Collins said to me, ' That Zieman had a great blowing about his money lost night ;' that was all he said ; while we Wen1 in Mr Beokett'sbed rooin on the previous night Mr Zieman took out of li-? pocket- book a cheque drawn by Henry Traoey, of Surat, aud another drawn by W. B. Anderson, of St. George ; be offered to sell them to me for half tbe minify for which they were drawu ; 1 did not buy cither of them ; he took also from his pocket book some blank cheques— 1 think three— and asked for pen and ink ; he wrote out a cheque for thirty three pounds some odd shillings, but I cannot say how many ; the cheque, to the best of my belief, was drawn on the Commercial Bank, Brisbane, and was iu favor of Mr Murphy, the lawyer ; I kept Mr Beckett's books ; I kuow lie was indebted to Mr Murphy ; 1 sent the letters concerning the matter to Mr Zicmau at St. George before he came np ; I told Mr Zieman he had not signed his name to the cheque, and he replied, ' I never sign a cheque until I am going to pay it away ;' he put the cheque into his pocket-book aud put tbe pocket-book in hiB right trousers pocket ; before tl.is he asked me bow many cattle we had iu tbe yard for sale, and I told him from two hundred to two hundred and twenty ; he said he could afford to give db'2 7s 6d for cows, and £2 10i for bullocks ; Mr Win. Beckett said that was nut enough ; Mr Zieman said he would uive cash down or bauk uotes if required ; in the bush cash down means a good cheque ; some people's cheques are nut so good as cash ; he told me that if we wpuld send the cattle dowu to his brother at St. George he might raise the price aud give more for them all round ; after that Mr Zieman took his watch out of his pocket, looked at it, and said it was past 1 1 o'clock, ami time to go to lted ; it was a gold watch, with a gold chain and key attached ; I was looking at the wateli, and asked Mr Zieman how much he paid for it ; he said £22. [VVateh produced and identified.] I recognise also the trinkets attached to the chain; I spoke to Shaunon M'Goven when 1 went to bed; lie was on the verandah opposite the store door ; I steep in a house about twenty y.in!« from the main building. [Plans of Tartulla head station exhibited.] Collins* room is marked on that plan by the letter b ; M'Goven was sleeping on the verandah of the kitchen ; he had slept there for about five week* previous ; he was undressed ; a parson lying there could not hear what was said in old Mr Beckett'sbedruoui ; 1 weutstraigbtfrom Mr Beckett's bedroom to] that spot ; I saw M*Uoven on tbe. kitchen verandah about nine o'clock ; the same verandah where khe slept ; { got up at daylight next morning ; I went to the kitchen aud made up tho tire so that Mr Zieman might have his breakfast ; M'Goven got up shortly* afterwards ; il 'Goven, (myself, and Patrick GallidS went up to the yard to fetch a bullock down to the house which had beeu slaughtered the night before ; it was slaughtered by Mr Beckett, myself, and Patrick Collins j Shannon M'Goven was not there; be (M'Goven) was wearing a pair of long boat* on the 2lst November. [Nos. 12 and 22 produeea.1 These are tbe boots that be wore ou the morning of the 22ud ; I know them by a patch, and a hole in ? the left boot ; they have been fronted by Overs tha ' shoemaker ; M'Goven has bad these boots to my ' knowledge twelve months | on that morning /(SlK '. November) he was wearing these boots ontsids hit I trousers; I remained ou the head station till altar 'jj dinner time that day ; Thomas Doyle went out Ulfri'S drsttbingin the morning; be saddled his hDnWand'J took the cattle out of the yard 1 he Wat engaged ia '% tailing cattle the whole of that day, and fcrottto.^ them back safe at night j onthemominirfttoifiiirjj within the hearing of Patrick Collins, liaA »«Su^ vernation in the kitchen with Mr Zieman j 4tf Ural was on tho kitchen verandah sioue 1 Mr «istt«iS asked me how many cattle 1 thought vow*? mm Be&ett; had; t toll him t ostd?w&«7%£Bg hundred head iu.fuff days; hesam fa Watt&WfJB; mind mvtag £800 money down for ttetet^fflBm wm afl tUfrt patted; 1 afterwards »W ttOliM^^ ing the station, as near as I can remember about eleven o'clock; I saw him on the kitchen verandah close to myself; I saw him pick up his sadle and bridle and go away ; this day his saddle was on the kitchen veranda; he was dressed in a pair of mole skin trousers and a Crimean shirt ; to the best of my belief he had a white shirt over the Crimean shirt; he had a very fine cabbagetree hat on his head and a pair of blucher boots on his feet ; he had also leather leggings over the legs of his trousers ; the night before when he was killing the bullock he wore a pair of cord trousers ; the mole skins were quite clean wheu I saw Collins pick up his saddle on the morning of the 21st November ; he walked away round the end of the store and I did not see him again until about 5 o'clock in the even ing ; I then saw him ride up to the kitchen door ; I I saw him about fifty yards distant before he reached the kitchen door ; he came up from the eastward ; (witness marks the place on the plan where he first sight of Collins) ; when he came up to the kitchen he was dressed in the same manner as when he left the station; the white shirt looked dark on account of its being wet; we had no rain at the station while Collins was away ; there had been an appearance of rain towards the Gunde Guuda Creek ; there were no signs of rain in any other direction ; I noticed when be came up the horse that he rode was in a great sweat ; it was one of his own horses but I could not say whether it was the roan, or the bay ; the horse was oppressed by hard galloping; I did not take notice if any other part of Collins, dress was Wet; he took the saddle off the horse and put the saddle in his own room ; he put the horse in the paddock ; I was taking off a load of wood at the time ; the horse, after being put in the paddock, stood for two or three hours at the gate ; he was not feeding, and seemed tired ; I saw Wm. Beckett speaking to Col ling when he returned, but was not near enough to hear what was said ; I said to Collins in the even ing, " Patsy, you have been riding the horse very hard" and he replied, '"I have had a spin after a mob of flyers ;" I asked him whether he was able to make a bend on them, and he said he did; by flyers I mean wild cattle ; there are some hundreds on Tartulla— they are all over the scrub ; wild cattle may be found anywhere on Tartulla, five miles from the Balonne ; the Balonne Biver is about three miles from the head station ; Gunde Gunda Creek lies about east one point north from the house ; I saw Collins several times that night ; I asked him if he had turned his horses out, and he said "No ;" this was after tea; he told me he had been at the Oaks ; there are two or three oaks on the run ; the main oak lies west by one point south from the house up the creek ; that would be in au opposite direction to Gunde Gunda Creek ; the other oak lies in the same direction as the main oak, on the opposite side of the creek; the third oak is on the Donga run, between Tartulla and Wycombe, and due south down the river ; I know the waterhole where Mr Zieman's body was found ; that waterfcole lies about due west from the house ; I did not ask Collins which of the oaks he had been to ; I saw him in the parlour with his sister (Mrs Beckett) about half-past 9 o'clock that night ; there was no one else in the parlour with them ; I know they were alone for half on hour ; Thomas Marsh came to the station that evening, and slept there that night ; on the 21st, be fore dinner, Clancy came to the station ; nobody but Thomas Doyle and Patrick Collins left the sta tion before dinner ; after dinner Simon Ziemen left the station ; he took with him a strap belonging to me ; it was a greenhide hobble-strap ; there was one of the strands under the knot reversed or twisted with hay horse hair on the strand a little farther below the knot ; I saw Mr Zieman put this strap in his waistcoat pocket, aud when he went over to his horse I saw him put the strap on his saddle ; I saw it afterwards on the saddle with things hanging to it; I saw him ride away on a chestnut horse belonging to Clancy; before Mr Zieman left, his horse broke his bridle ; it was the head of the bridle that was broken ; I saw Shannon M'Govern, Clancy, aud Mr Zieman altogether at the horse ; I saw Mr Zieman put a black oilskin coat on ; he had also a greenhide whip in his hand ; I noticed it when he was on his horse; I saw him ride away; it was about one o'clock in the afternoon ; Shannon M'Govern went away with him ; M'Goven was dressed in his long boots (which he wore outside his trousers), Crimean shirt and black hat ; they went towards the crossing place on the Gunde Gunda Creek ; John Beckett and Clancy were the next per sons that left the station ; they left about two or three o'clock in the afternoon and went towards Donga station ; neither of them returned to the station that night; William Turnbull was on the head station all that day ; I was never more than four or five hundred yards from the house all that day; -George, the fencer, was on the station the whote day -, old Mr Beckett aud the women and children all remained on the station that day. Tiu'krdav, May 9. John Aitkins. re-called : I did not ootica what Col lins did with the uridlo ; ths saddle xroduced is tlie garni that Cullitts toik away fiwa Tartulla «n tlie 2Ut NoVv-mlier ; the .saddle-pocket was attached to the Saddle (hat day, both when lie left aud when h-i returned to the station ; exhibits 25 (strap »n Col lins* sadille) is the same that Mr Zieman Wok oil my faddle on the 2Ut Xovembsr ; I know n pl.ici on tbe station callwl tlie old yard ; it is about siv niika up Tartulla Creek j it is west from tlio hea.l statiou in an opposite direction to Guudc Uun-l:i Crack; I must have made a mistake yesterday when I said that the pl..cc where tbe body w;is found lies dne west ; the Oaks are uot halt .i tnilc fmii) th-! main yard ; the old yard is about teu miles from where the body was found in a straight line ;. the road from Gunde tiunda Creek and the road frJm the old yard comes into one just about where I saw tba prisoner when he returned to the station o» the Slat November ; 1 saw M fiovern on the st i '. tioo that aight; he return. -d before sundown; [ : was close to aim when be came in ; he came from r Hie direction «f Doaga station; be brought in a mob I of about ten horaea ; M'Uairan did not appear tobu I wetj lie Mtnrued .-ibout an hour and a naif after I Collins; he ran soms liora?s up the paddock when V he cun« iu ; be and 1 drafted the horses to go wiil- I the oatOe tte followiu^ day ; he left the statisn on ? purpose to get one of Ins own horses to go with the ' cattle ; be aid not bring in the horse lie was looking ?for i he put his saddle on the verandah when tin came in on the veraudii.li of j»y lint; William iBeckett left the statiou on TbursiUy, Novomheri.'f, ,andwturu«lal-m-t;ifor(,«ight afterwards; his brother ,Rttd Patrick Col'.ins went with him to St. lieorge; .Thomas Doyle and tlie block boy left with tlio cat |Sb at noon on the 22nd November; M'tiuvaii did mot ff- with the cattle ; I saw H'Goven leave the (station that moruing ; he did not return until after «the trial at St. Oeirge, a fortnight afterwards; on tthe 22od Kovenibcr Collins was getting ready to g» to Si, Qeo-ge ; I did not see him till after breakfast }that morning ; I was on the station when the news ' same of the norso being found ; tbe news was re ; oeired on iiatunluy, tlio 25th Kovember ; Mrs . ; Beukett wet on thd station when the news came of _ tho jhorse being found ; I did not hear her sty any , tiling then; toe news of the murder oa.m« on the ' Following day; Sir* Beckett said, when she heard jlto «e«t, 'Po'sey, Patsey, my -imi what have ' fem done I' the polio* came afterwards ; I was not »!*Wttt wbeu tbe folioe came to search the tint fittft. 9 iVD)-«iMninocl l-y Mr Blako ; 1 had seen CoIUub fit Tmwtub before ; it might have been ten years ,.£hatC**.wbin)Attbat place before I saw him at Ifcitpllat I beard he had iieon in troable during £h«t1ime { I At- nr* recollect what it was ; I hear.! i^oJnatUlngof Ills tieing a man to a tree, bat did uot fmtXtM his letting him loose ; 1 bad baea over two SwilN^'XM'taUa in November last ; Collips told me ^»3^tt»4ireet from his mother's house when heeamo 'Mo'W&tolit.; lie did pot tell me how long he had been Stlmrtor*,! I.maked fainx several tiiues bow they ffifibfi|atS-eg«pwAi»ad cultivated the sugar osne S^^P«*j^tertM,Ofttho20th November, when fflfflRmtiMtZim** WMt into old Mr Beckett's ^^^^MmBopUrttwe^io iU parlour ?nJSraSei|£*ad Cplluis «odtlrs Beokett still MinMll«l5&aM-rlOI;» i I do «ot tnow wlietber ?M^Wf ftHpim Hit -'if* -* *V- 21st Kovem BHm% *^!*p»Uiii-, room; when ^Bfli^^taia^q Litton tiity usually slept in ^BHg^|M|»Mi ^ara pat in the parlour ; DH^iBl^Mlt in tbo evening he ?HHMffi3fgWii*W 3. Beckett', brand ; to the house ; I saw Collins last on the night of tbe 21st November in the parlour, :it about lulf -past 9 ? o'clock ; I saw the man Mm-eli in the morning; he was up at the time ; I did nut nee Collins mi tlio morning of tbe 22ud nutil uftcr we bud done drafting the cattle — it was about 10 o'clock ; he was then walking on the verandah ot tlie kitchen ; Collins was nUout the statiou all that day ; on the night uf thu :22nd, to tint best of my btliuf, Cullius was in the (i.u'iour wucn t nxw him l:i*t ; 1 e&vt; him etutwitii Uuckett fur St. d'norgo about 10 o'clock oa tho morning «f tlie ittiil ; I tiwl uot tube particu lar notice of hie Kiddle aud bridle ; I could not swear j he hail any strap fur holding [.Ota on tlie saddle ; i ku.nv Dint In.1 kail his oivu saddle, but I didnot take uutice of the bridle ; I know that Collins can write; I said before tbe magistrates thut thecheque for Mr Murphy was drawn «u the Bonk of Australasia— that is correct ; 1 recalloct now that I was wrong in my statement yesterday in saying it was on the Commercial ; wheu Mr Zieinau Bpolie to me about giving £&00 for the cattlts ou tbe night of the iOtli Kovembcr, Mtjiiveu may have becu there, but 1 do not recollect seeing him ; in the morning li'Goven was there ; Collins and him were about two or three yards apart ; Collins had cleau trousers when he started with lJeckett for St. (hiorgc. lie-examined by the Attoriiey-Ciuneral : Collins' bay liorae was branded souaethiug like \VU or C «a the near shoulder ; I would know tlie borse without tile brands ; 1 saw the horse both at St. George aud 'ioowoomba. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : I said before the magistrates at Surat, and now swear, that Mrs Beckett said to Hyles, on the '20th November, ' Do you uicad to say that Mi' Zieman i% murdered-,' it u'as alter that that ilrs iieukett spoke about Patsey. By tbe Attorney General : I have no doubt about tbe words having been used ; 1 believe Thos. Jones was there, aud uvo or three more, uho heard the same words. Win. TuruWl! deposed ; I was stockm&a; at Tar tulla iu November la«t ; 1 was nu the station -m tliu 2Ut of that month ; I saw l'utriek (Jiillins return to the statiou that evening ; I saw him close to the yard ; I had a conversation nitb him just after breakfast of tbe same day ; he asked me if t «as going down the paddock ; 1 said, %' Vcs j' he then siid, ' If you gee a roau hotee will you ruu him up, as 1 waut to put my other two horses out to grass ;' 1 said t would ; Collins had three horses, a roau, a bay, aud a black ; 1 brought the roan up for him that morning ; 1 saw the other two iu the paddock afterwards ; Collins caiuc home about h.i'.i tin hour before eundou n ; I asked him if be put his horses out; tie said, 'Xo;' I asked him if lie hod eeou auy grass, and he replied, '1 have seeu grass and water too ;' he said he did uot put them out because he though they might go away ; this conversation took place in tbe stockyard ; he said he Ji.ii sucu a inoli of ' flyers ;' 1 asked hi--: where he had seen them, and he said it was nearly upaS the old yard up tiie creek ; t askud hint if he had had a shot at them and he said he had ; I said ' 1 expect you could uot do any good with them,' and he replied, ' I turned them two or three times and then Jet them go ;' £ vent to bed between it and IU o'clock that itigiit ; I saw 'JuUins about half au hour before 1 went to bed ; I w-ss up next morning before daylight, and weut to assist iu drafting the cattle shortly afterwards; Mclioi-en and WUiiain H.'ukett came up to the yard shortly after I had reached there ; we df.ifteil over 20!) out of 3lXf that were iu the yard ; Collins came up wliuti we had nearly finished the drafting ; after we had finished we went to breakfast ; it must then have been nearly two hours after sunrise ; Collins was not present at breakfast ; I did uot leave with the cattle to ff- to I St Ueorge, 1 left thu statiou after dinner ; I joined tbe cattle somewhere on the road ; Sbaauun Meliovtn aud Win. Bsckctt went with me to the cattle ; McGovcn was with me all the timu. Croei-examined by Mr Blake : When we retnrned to tke statiou Zieiu:m'a murder was known ; oiie night I put on a white night dress belonging to Mrs iieckett and w«nt out of the trout gate, aud round by the wood heap in front of the kitchen ; 1 went up to tbe kitchen door ; there were same of them that were frightened at it ; ou the afteruo)U of thu 21st November Collins was up at the yard with me; I was handling & youug horse ; it was about half au. hour before suudown ; J know a man by the name of Thumas Doyle ; I did not hear him say anything about Mr Zieuiau'a ghost ; I went out to frighten a mm named Xewson ; 1 do not remember hearing him sxy he had seeu Mr Ziumau's ghost. Jolm Clancy deposed : 1 am a contractor residing at St George ; I remember the 21st November last ; I was at Tartulla statiou about that time ; I saw Mr Simon Zieman there on Tuesday, the 2ist; I lent Mr Ziuman a borse on that day ; it was a elittst nut horse, the same he (witness) had seen out side the Conrl to. day : I left the statiou an the 21»t with John Iieckett, aud dm not see him again uutil 1 took hiuv from Donga to St George's Budge ; I catuiat remember tbe day when I saw him at Donga ; he was cut across the hock on tlie near side of tliu hiud ie^ : it was tbe borse I lent to Mr Simon Zieaiau, aa,l was not cut in the mauuer described ivJieu 1 lent it to him. J nun lleekutt deposed . I a:ji a grazier residing at Wycombe station ; 1 w.is at Tartulla on the evening of the '20th November ; alter tea that evening 1 was in my fatlies-s louin with my brother, .Simuu Zitjinan, and .loiiu Aitken ; I saw l'at riek Collins after loa, wlieu I was going into my father's M.iin ; I did not sue a;iy more of him before 1 went to bed; 1 «bpt in the sanje io,ini as 1'a.triok Collins that night ; thu next mom iu^ ha said to me, '' That fellow bid great blowing .ibjut his money last ni;;ht ; ' he also said, ' What was tu-.it he ottered to you for £H 1' 1 said it was a jL'4 cueiiue he was oireiiu;; to sell for £.'t ; Sir Ziemilu had odere i me a cheque of Hi fur i') iu my father's be Iroom the previous night ; Mr Zicmau hai been talking about money iu my fathci'B liuilroum ; it was about purcliasiug some cattle ; Zieman oitered a price for catUe, wiiieii was refused ; my father said so:uetbing aboat bills, aud Mr Zieman remarked, ' t doat deal in lulls, if you will let mo haw the cattle I will let you have tiie cash, all iu notes if required ;' he said, 'Tire cattle must be delivered at the Bridge by Friday next if 1 buy tileui ;' the cittle were offered before we talked about the cheque ; after wo talked about the cheque offered \\-y Air Ziemin fur gala, he showed me another cheque, and told me he Mas going to pay it to Mr Murphy, the solicitor, for a bill of my brother's; t made the remark, 'It is not sk'uvd' — it was not Mgn&l; ; I left my father's bedroom about 11 o'clock, and went to bed iu Collins' room about 12 o'clock ; next morning about 8 o'clock we had tbe conversa tion on tbe kiteben verandah a short time after breakfast; 1 saw Co'lins about au hour and a half after the conversation ; lie was carrying a briilleatid sa idle ou his ai in ; he walked by the kitchen door j 1 was sitting inside ; after dinner 1 saw Mr Zie man's horse saddled ; 1 saw tho horse break the head-pieca of the bridle, and Mr Ziemau cut a hole in it to mend it ; he was putting on bis waterproof uoat which frightened the horse, it was a common English bridle ; the two dieek pieces produced (por tion of exhibit 3ti) are like purtiuns of the bridle that £ saw broken ; the headstall g&vu.; way at tUc buckles ; one of the check-pieuus produced is slightly torn close to the buckle that litB ou the bead-piece ; the head-piece of this bridlu (IW) does dot correspond with tbe check-pieces ; the horse pulled back and nearly fell down; (exhibit Fl shewn to witness) the rein of this bridie is like the one Mr Zieman had ; I notice tlie rein is torn near tlio buckle ; it does nut appear an old tear ; t g.iyc evidence about this tear at Surat; I saw AlrZic inan leave Tartulla ; I uuticed a whip iu bis iiaml ; it was n greeubido-whip, broken about nine inches from the end ; 1 left Xsrtulla that afternoon with Clancy, ulxmt three o'clock ; we went over to Donga station, which is iibout three or four milus distant by the road ; we saw some drays camped ftt the Donga woolshed ; we went up to the drays, there was an old man, a. young uuui, mid a boy with the drays, Cross-OKamiaed by Mr Blake ; the bridle is of a very common pattern, no also is the whip ; 1 uuuout say whether the break ou the whip is iu the exact place that I saw with Mr Ziemau ; 1 know a girl by the uamc of Jaue Kyle ; 1 Baw my brother Win. BecUritt give this girl a boating ; it was u little before UjIIuis came to tbe station ; he beat her with a whip jit was the same sort of whip as this befuro mo (No 27) ; 1 could not say if it was broken ; I took tutt whip out of his baud ; 1 do not know what t did with it. TJiomaS Marsh, who appeared to be suffering from b sveru fitness, had to be assisted into tbe Court, The ( utmost cousilemtion was shown to him by the j learned couusel on both sides; and on being acorn- ' mo*U*«lirituaonatr, hestated that he was suffer- j tog from* fcad ootd, tin exuuittiation by Mr Pring ' B»«4fdt I*un»gr«i6rresiiiiug nu the MMnnua; 1 *ra««t T«rtaU*«t«Monon tneitst Kovemlier last ; ? I saw IVtiick Tollins there oa that day ; I slept at ! 'I'liilulia that iiiylit iu .1 little end room ; it was a i s^illiou rooii), and 1'jtriek Co'lins slupt iu the room 1 with me that ni^'ht ; be was iu liod when 3 retired, aid 1 did not oliavav* that .there was a saddle in tha room ; 1 got up about 0 o'clock in the morning, leaving Collins in bu-d ; when 1 got up on the morn ing of cite 22nd I c:u\uot say wbetber he had his clothes on ; I did not- Sec any clothes by the bed side when f got up ; he was underneath tbo bed clothes au. I I did not spook to liiui after I Weut to bed ; 1 slel-t soundly that night ; I left Turtulla ou the morning of the 22ud abont an liouraftetfauuriso ; I left the door of the bedroom onen wneu 1 went to I bail, and the door WiW open whim r'.*'tjut out in the illuming ; I nu-okc oacJ duiiug file niglit ; 1 cauunt sny wlietiier Collins was in tlio bjd or uut ; I went to sloeji directly after 1 went to iwd. His li-juur, ou inquiring of counsel aud tho jury if they wouM require this witness any more, kindly told him that h-: might return to his home. John Shannon M'viaveu (deposed: t am stock keeper to John licckctt ; I was stoek-keupiug for William Beckett up to the 1'^uf November lost ; 1 had beau with him nearly three years ; 1 lirst saw j tilt! prisoner i'atriok Callinsoit tbe 12tli November j last ; on the 1-tth uf that month 1 sad Collins went ) to l-oii^a Creek, ,i station of j)r U'Brieu's jjjtbo j bridle CoSlius was usiug was a very ngrruw bnitle, composed of thick leather, and with a very nanow throat strap ; we slept at Glen Eriii that iiiglit iu tlie same room ; Collins opened a swag in my presence that night ; I saw its contents ; there was a blanket, ijuart put, a pair of moleskin trousers, a Crimean shirt, ami a pair of moleskin trousers inside of it ; there was uo saddlery of auy kind iu the swag; I saw him do the swag up iu the morning; he put nothing in that lie hail uot taken out before ; \vu went U;mk to TartulU next innrning ; 1 role s lii.iek horse lielouyillg to Collins ; hu had olio horse with him ; it was a big bay horse ; he rode th.it ; I novcr saw the burse belorc ; I saw tho horse in fie police yard, this lUnruiuc ; Collius was riding with tlie narrow bridie he rode up with ; he had another old bridle with which ho led a luekhorso ; Collins sold tlie ulit bridie to Timiuis Ltoyle ; 1 s.wv it in iiis (iusscsdiou uu thu 141th November ; Collius, my self, aud s.raie otliera went away from Tartulla tor some cattle, ami returned totho station on tbe l'.lth ; all ruturue.i exee|)t Joint Aitkuu, whom we bilt nu the mi'I n-ith his horsii knocked up ; Collins bad with him all t!ie narrow bridle with tiip e.vecptioii uf tbe reins wbtth I saw him exchange with his Bis ter. [No. 30 pFo.lucud.] These »re the reins that Collius g-t from Mrs tito'xett ; the headpiece and forebovl band 1 believe to l-u port of Collins' bridle ; thu throat-lash and cheek -piecus did uot lielong to the bridle, ft1' 1 produced.] To the best of my belief these oheck- pieces lieiong to Collins' bridle ; I remember the 'JJth November last; I met Mr Zieman on the station ; I saw Collins pull off a pair of tnmsei-s in the kitchen that night ; be had another pair of moleskin trousers underneath ; 1 saw him leave the station next day ; he hud on tlie same pair of clean moleskin trousers ; after he left Mr Zio'nan and I weut nway together ; before leav ing Mr Zicmaa's horse brake his bridle, the horse having been frightened by Mr Zicmau while putting on his waterproof coat ; the bridle gave way .it the buckle which fastens the cheek-piece to the head (iieix? ; Mr Zicmau cut a fresh hole aud mended the bridle ; the reason why 1 left the station was that 1 was K°uig over tho river to look for some horses ; .Mr Ziciuau had behind the saddle two piut pots .and n pair of hobbles ; they were l:istciie.l with a little strap made of plaited borsehide ; 1 had seen the strap before ou AitkuuV ssddle ; when he took it off he shewed it to Aitfceu, aud tuid him lie had got the strap ; be put it in bis waistcoat pocket, and afterwards put it oa bis saddle ; 1 would kttov the strap again (N'o. 25 produced) ; this is the strap ; 1 know it by a strand that is not scraped ; it has got tbe hair on it ; when 1 left Tartulla with Mr Zieman he looked at his watch, aud said it is half-i-ast 1 o'clock. [At this stage of the proceedings, Mrs Beckett, the female prisoner, broke down uudur a paroxysm of acute, mental anguish, exelaiining, ' Olt Agnes ! \- )b Agnes -' Water was procured, and the unfor tunate sufferer removed outside the CoiSrt, wlicre, after au interval of about iiiteen minutes, she recovered sufficiently to enable her to return to the dock] lixu.inination of J. S. McGoven continued : Oa leaving the station Mr Zieman aud I proceeded on the Donga road to the crossing-place ; we kept the road ail the way till we crossed the river at the crossing-place ; after crossing we got in sight of the Surat road, and struck across to it ; we struck it iliout half-a-mile from the Donga woolshed; the crossing-place is about three miles from the statiou ; it was raining a little bciare he struck the .Surat road ; we saw two buiiock-teams, and a boy driving some spare bullocks ; the teams were going in a lfrectioii from Surat to St. George ; after eomim! on the road we cantered part of the road in thu direc tion of Surat ; I went about two and a half miles with Mr Zicm.-m from where we struck the road, and we struck the rood about hatf-a-inilc from the crossing-place ; we were then at the long swamp, and here I turned off the road to look for tome horses ; Mr Zieman proceeded ou in the direction of Surat, and 1 never saw ltim again ; I know the waterhole at Gunde Guuda Creek where hlr Zie man' a body was found ; I think it is about four miles from the swamp 1 mentioned ; that watcrliolc is on the left as one goes to Surat ; I turned off to the right, went round about a mile, and then to Donga again ; 1 s;uv the drays for the second time at Donga woolshed ; they were then camped ; I had my horses with me then ; 1 went up U- the bul lock drays, aud I spoke to the men ; it was about three-quarters of an hour or an hour from the time we bad seen them before ; after speaking with the bullock-drivers I went down to the Donga station, but there was nobody at home ; from Donga bouse I went across the plain about a hundred yards from tlie drays, and tueu 1 proceeded up Donga Creek in search of Bouie burses ; I found and took home live head, and these were some of the horses I went out to seek ; when t got home tliatevening I drafted some of the horses and put them in the paddock ; I got home just after suutiown ; wbun I arrived at the House I saw the prisoner Patrick Collins ; 1 went to bed about 9 or half-past 9 o'clock ; wbon I came in I put my saddle in the verandah of the men's hut ; Aitkou sleeps in the men's hut ; I slept that night in the kitchen verandah in front of the store door ; 1 got up next morning soon after daylight, aud weut to the yard to draft cattle ; I got ready for starting with the cattle ; the cattle started before ine ; I followed them after diuner ; I left the station with Win. Tnrnbull anil William Beckett; William Beckett weut about two and a-half miles with us ou the road, and then turned back ; the reason why t did not start with the rest was that I was preparing for a long journey, and 1 had a young horse to quiet that bad uot been caught for three years ; we were about two hours quieting this horse ; we bad two pack horses and one to nobble up ; Collins was at the yard when we broke in the horse ; Collins joined us on the 23rd ; I noticed his bridle that evening ; 1 observed that it had new cheek pieces on ; by new f nieut that they wure different from what 1 had seen before ; they were wider and appeared to have formed portions of au English bridle, and had double buckles; (No. 38 produced) ; tbe cheek pieces pro duced are like those I saw on Collins' bridle ; 1 no ticed tbe throat-lash of the bridle ; it was different to the oue 1 had seen in his possession before ; it was victor ; I saw the bridle again the same night, and afterwards ou Collins' horse at St. George ; it appeared to be the same bridle in all particulars to that 1 observed in Collins' possession oa the 23rd November ; I saw it next at Surat ; previous to leaving 'j'arttilla 1 noticed the saddle, it had then a leather strap on ; I did not notice any other strap on tbe saddle oa the 19th November. Paiuw, May 10. John Shannon McG.iven cross-examined by Mr Blake : When I parted with Mr Zieman we bid each other good evening, ami 1 turned off into the bush ; it wus not more than half an hour after sundown wheu I returned to Tartulla ; Collins rode a young horse belonging to Wm. Beckett on the 23rd No veoilter ; I believe it was my saddle that was put on the mare ; the saddling took place cIobo to the house at Mr Moore's station ; I do not remember what saddle was put on my horse ; Collins rode the loaro from Moore's house to tho place where we camped fur tho niglit ; ( swuar that i do uot re member what sntltUe t used— wo had four or live; I do not remem ber if L rode iu Collins' saddle ; I will uat'Swear that I did not say before tbe magistrates hnt I rode iu Collins' saddle ; it is a long tune ago, and I wvnnot well remember what I said ou that day ; (No.'s 12 and 22 produced) those are tbe boots 1 wore on the 21st November wheu I left Tartulia with Mr Zieman ; I took those boot* to St Goorgo and left thorn at a, shoemaker's named Oven ; I bought a uew pair there and left the old oaei ; I wm ? arrested oa a obargt of being aooestory to the mur der of Simon Ziemau and was af terwardsdischarged ; I was .afterwards examiued as a witness against Collins ; Idou't remember that Collins asked me after I had given my evidence, what saddle I rode iu on the evening of tho 23rd lifter 1 rode the route ; I do uot remember Collins putting the question to me, 'Were thegreeuhide and leather straps ou thesaddle when you rode in it;' on the night ot the 21st 1 slept on tbe kitchen verandah ; [ was iu the habit of stacking on that verandah. lio-eXiHnined by tbe Attorney-Geueral : I do not remember as a fact that I rode in Cullius' saddle on the 23rd XoremW ; oa the nfsiit of the :21st when 1 wa sluepiug ou tbe verandah I bad uiy clothes off ; I left iny boots no the verandah ; I think they were there iu tile niorniug ; I put nu another pair when t fit up ; 1 did not put on tho hoots (12 and 22J that wore on the 21st. Alexander Williamson ilcp-uod : I am a carrier ; I live at M-ilby when 1 am »t homu ; 1 remember being on the road between Snr.it and St. George oa tliu 21st Xnve'iiUcr list ; we camped that night at D.tnya old woolshed ; I had two teams ; a man named .lames WUliamsnn, and a bay named Ueorge Collie were with mo ; before we camped t Baw two men comiug out from the direction of the river Balonne heailiiij; towards the Niirat road ; they were alwiut lialf-a-inile from me when I first saw them; they ims-j.l the drays behind about a quitter of a mile distant ; i cannot describe tho men ; it had been raining pretty iieuviiy before they passed but when they weat by it was ulewiug up ; after we cjmipwl for tlie night a person came to the dray ; the two travellers ctmc up from the river between 3 and 4 o'clock ; it was at 4 o'clock tbe man came up to the dray ; after wo had camped, the traveller 1 spoke of cinjo «(f the plain heading tor St. George ; he came from the left hand of the road going to St. George ; be remained with us t'lti minutes or a quarter of an hour ; 1 did not knotv the man then ; 1 have seen him since (witness identifies McGovcn as tbe man that came to bis drays) I saw him go to the old Dougi station be cainc towards Surat and ivcnt away on tliu toid heading towards tbe plain. James Williams deposed : 1 inn theson of the lost witness ; I rem^iuber cvmpiug at the Dauga wool thai on the 21st November last I saw two meu riding about half an hour or a little less before we got to camp ; I did not know either ot the men ; after we got to camp a man came up to the drays ; it was 8hannou tfciioven ; he came up to us about half uu hour or three quarters after 1 saw the two meu pass by ; iw came from the left hand side of the road going to St George ; 1 saw him after he left the drays ; ho weut ou to the plain in nearly the same direction as he c&iue.; £y His Honor: We camped for the night on thu 21st November about three o'clock, as near as I can remember ; neither of our party carried a watch ; we calculated tbe time by the sun. lid wan! Hyles depossd : I am a carrier residing at St George ; 1 remember the 22nd November last ; on the morning of that day 1 was near the old Tar tulla statiou on the Balouuc river ; the old Tartulla station is deserted ; I was looking for some horses that morning »t dawn, and saw s track of a horse in the bed of the B.Joime river ; after this I saw the body of a man in Uunde Gunda Creek ; the place whero I saw the body ie about three and a half miles from thu spot where I sasv the tracks ; the track I saw there was that of a single borse ; when I saw the track I tried to Snd out which way it went, and failing to do so iu the bed of the river 1 west to the river bank ; 1 saw a horse standing on the bank ; I liavo seen that horse outside the Court; it was a bay horse branded GM over M side ways near shoulder ; the horse was hobbled with two double-buckled throat-straps of a bridle ; it was a rather narrow throat-strap having the ap pearance of being old j the horse appeared as if tiie saddle had been recently takeu oft— sweating very much ; from the sweat he appeared ta have been ridden very fast; 1 did not do anything to the horee, bat I took a memorandum of the brands ; it nas about a quarter of ait hour before sunrise that I saw the horse ; I know Tartutta ; 1 mado a mis take in my previous statement ; the place where I saw the horse was a little to the right of a straight line ingoing from Tartulla to the place where I saw tbe body ; the place where I saw the horse is about three miles aud a- half in a direct line from Tartulla ; I know tho waterbole where the body was lound ; taking a straight line from tlie end of the watcrhotc to Tartulla ; the position of the horse would be about three-quarters of a mile to the right of that line looking to the end af the creek ; the same morning between nine and ten o'clock 1 saw the tracks of a single horse betiveeu tUe Bilouue river ami Gunde Guuda creek going towards tbe Balouuc river ; after following it a short distance I saw a secoud horse track ; this alsa was going towards tbe Bolouue ; the first track appeared to be that of a h -rse going at a very fast pace ; the other did not appear to Cave been going so fast as the impression was not so deep in the ground ; I followed tho tracks towards the Balouiic Ilivcr; the distance from where 1 hrst picked up the single track and tiie place where the body was found was about two miles and a-half ; I hail been round tbe country ou tho even ing of the 21st November, nud did not observe any tracks ; I was over the identical jilavu where I saw those tracks ; I was looking for horses and there fore searching for tracks ; I poiutetl out to Sergeaut Downey at Tartulla, on the 2Sth November, the horse I have mentioned; I was at Tartulla on the 2uth, ami took the news of the murder to the station ; I mentioned i'\ M rs Beckett's presence that we hail fouud the body of Mr Ziemau iu Gunde Guuda crcok ; she remarked, 'Oh, my tjod! wlmtan awful thing!' Tiios. Jones was present. Kllen Holmes deposed : I was servant at Tartulla in November last ; I remember Mr Zieman being on the station on tbe 20tk November ; ou tbe following morning I remember Collins ami .1. Beckett having a conversation in the kitchen ; Collins said ' Zie mau had a great deal of blowing about his money lost night, what was it he offered you ?' I did not hear what J. Iieckett said in reply ; 1 saw Collius leave the station that day and come back again ; i saw Collins at dinner tbe uext day (tbe 22nd), and uter in the afternoon about tivc o clock I saw him leading a horse ; 1 know that horse ; it is a bay norse, and I think there was nn M on the near shoulder ; be put the horse into the paddock ; I saw the horse outside this Court yesterday. Cross-ewmuned by jtr Blake ; I gaw Thomas Marsh at TartuUaon theuigA of the 21st November- he slept in Collins room. By a Juryman : ft was to the best of my belief a roau horse thatCuUiuB rode ou his return to Tartulla. Thomas Doyle deposed ; I waa employed at Tor tulla in Noveber last ; Mr Ziemau came to the sta tion oa the 20th of that month ; to the best of my belief he stayed oae night and part of the next morning; I was he-ding cattle on the 21st and re turned about 5 o'cock in the evening ; I remained with the cattle the whole of the day ; prior to tbo 20th November I tonght a saddle and bridle from Patrick Collins ; it was an old bridle and I cut it un to piece another with ; on the 27th November Mrs Beckett asked me to turn a horse out of the paddock ; it was a large bay horse resembling a draught horae ; 1 turned out a horse answering to that description ; it was branded something like C M near shoulder; I have seen tbe same horse iu possession of the plice outside thu Court. Thomas Jones dtposcd : 1 am a carrier residing atCou-Uminc;I wisat Tnrtulla oa Saturday the 25th November j I remember a matt named Hyles coming to the statbn that night ; he brought some news about a borsi ; I remember Mrs Beckett say ng tUatMrZiematwas a very bad rider and his lorse might haw thrown him ; 1 did not hear her say anytliug about her brother that night ; next day (Sunday) I went with Mrs Beckett to soo a graveyard ; Hylis was outside the kitchen wueD we got back ; bef«re we arrived at the kitchen ver andah, Mrs Beckcit said, ?? Patsey I Patsey 1 1 hope to God you have n-t come up here to kill Zieman ;' whon 1 got up to the kitchen verandah Hylus said Mr Ziemau had been found, aud somebody asked if any person was mspeoted ; Mrs Beckett did not, say anything thei ; on the morning of the 28th I was in the kitchen about 1 1 o'clock in the forenoon ; Mrs Beckett cane into the kitchen with two straps in her hand ; sht opened the iire with a shovel aud put tbe straps into the -fire ; they were tiie top niece aud forehead baid of a bridle, aud appeared to have been slightty warn sad of English leather (No. 30 -roduced) ; it appeared like the cheek piece of this iridle, but newer ; I noticed the two loops of the forehead band at they went into tbe fire ; I did not notice the top pitce. [At this stag« of tbe proceeding the Attorney General intimated to His Honor that he 4id not iu tend to proceed iirther with tho prosecution against Mrs Beckett, an-| the jury, under His Honors direc tion, returned a verdict of not guilty. Mrs Beckett was accordingly discharged.] ' j Wm. Beckett deposed : I am the owner of Tar tulla station ; I remember Mr Ziemann coming to the station on the 20th November ; I was indebted to Mr Murphy, the solictor, at that tune to the amount of about, £33 ; I asked Mr Zioman to pay this for me ; I was in my father's room that night with my brother, Mr Zieman, and Aitken ; I did not see Mr Zieman write the cheque in my father's room, as I was not there all the time; I saw Collins on the morning of the 21st going with a saddle up the yard : I had seen him previously in my bedroom that morning ; I had a large pistol in my bedroom that morning ; it was hanging on a nail over a looking glass within three or four inches from the top of the partition ; it was not loaded ; I saw it that morning about 7 o'clock ; it was about 7 or half -past seven I when I saw Collins in my bedroom ; my wife was up when Collins was in the room ; he had been washing himself ; I left the room first ; I saw Col lins coming back to the station that afternoon about 5 or half-past 5 o'clock ; (witness here pointed out the place where he first saw the prisoner on that afternoon) ; a man coming from the old yard would not come by the point I have indicated; prisoner rode up to the station nnd \fj-i getting off bis liora when 1 spoko to linn ; it wai ;v twy liorie branded CW or C\U on the near sh mi.ior ; I knew the hoi-so before, and have seen him iu the p dice yard out side this Court ; tbo horse appeared as if ho had. been galloped very li.inl, and the sweat hail dried un him ; 1 asked him what had inado his borse sweat, aud he replied. ' 1 have lieen ruumng wild horscft up at the t«p of tiie paddock *,' I Bikl I had no wild horses running up there and he aiiBwerod ' Oh yes there wero some of youra aud others iu the mob ;' the top end of the paddock is a mile and a quarter from tne station up tlie creek ; he s.iid he run them out ofu:n-alc scrub about seven miles front the opposite side of tbe creek ; he was coming, nien 1 first saw him, from the direction uf Gunde Gunda Creek ; the partition on which the pistol was hung divides my room from Collins' bedroom j 1 never missed the pistol myself ; I never saw it in ft com plete state since the morning Collins was washing in my bedroom ; I never noticed that it had gone from the nail before 1 started for St George (pistol pro duced and identified) ; I know the saddle Collins rode into St George: (No 24 produced) that is the saddle ; I know tbe saddle strap produced (No 25) ; I saw that strap in the possession of Mr Zieman when he came from the hut where Aitken slept ; I know it by a few hairs upon it just at the end of the loop. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : I do not know who the strap was made by ; I knew a man who died, by the name ot Neale, I do not remember him cutting a horsehide up into thongs ; I recollect Collins riding a young mare at Moore's station on the 23rd Novem ber; Shannon McGovern was there at the time, Collins and Shannon changed saddles there for the time ; we then rode to tbe camp with the more ; 1 rode along with them ; Collins rode in McGoveu's saddle and McGoven rode in Collins saddle to the camp ; I and Collins rode the next day into St. George and went to Macalister hotel, we left our saddles in the bar ; we did not leave them at Messrs. Zieman's ; I was not present when the saddle was shown to Collins after the time of his arrest in -St. George ; (No 27 produced) I do not know that whip ; I had some greennide whips of that descreptiou ; they were generally kept in the roam; 1 know a girl named Jane Ryle ; 1 remember giving her a beating with a whip of that description ; I could not swear that iny own brother John Beckett took, it out of my baud. By the Attorney-General : I had two groenliidc whips ; 1 keep them both in my bedroom ; McGoven rode almut a mile iu Collins saddle. By His Honor ; on tbe morning of the 24th Kovembcr ; Collius showed ine a whip aud asked me if 1 had last one ; he said he hail picked the whip up on the road ; it was a grecuhide plaited whip similar to No. 27. James WhidfAnd deposed : I have recently Ijeeu left iuchargeof Tartulla station; I produced a watch and chain iu this Court on Wcduesday last ; I got them from a hollow log at the back of the garden fence at Tartulla ; there was also a meerschaum pipe aud penknife ; they were rolled up in a linen handkerchief, and that linen handkerchief was in a leather glove, mid the mouth of the glove was sewn up ; it was about two feet six inches in the log from tlie orifice, as far as I could reach with my arm ; I found them ou Thursday, the 2nd May, about nine o'clock in the morning. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : Tlie it-3d to tlie log goes through the horse paddock ; there was a blackfellow searching with me, and he said, I think there is something set down there ; 1 put my hand into the hollow and took nut the articles 1 have pro duced ; there was i.'5O reward offered for any articles belongiufi tc. Mr Zieman being found ; 1 believe there was 4'iOJ offered ; for £100 I would have pulled a snake out of tho log ; the reward was offered by Mr Zieman. Jane Ryle deposed : I was nursemaid at Tartulla station in November last ; I know the blucher boots produced. (No. 37.) They belong to Patrick Col lins ; I have seen them once before at Tartulla ; he wore them on the morning of Monday, the 20th November ; he took them off and laid them by his bed in Mr Turnbull's bedroom ; Mrs Beckett's lit tle girl took them up, aud I put them back into Mr Turnbull's bedroom ; I saw a pistol in Mrs Beckett's bedroom ; «on the 20th November, the day Mr Zie man came to the station I was sweeping down the walls, and very nearly knocked the pistol down ; it was similar to the pistol now before the Court ; I noticed that the pistol was gone on Wednesday, the 22nd November; I remember doing Collins' bed room on that morning ; I saw a riding-whip similar to No. 27 in his bedroom ; there was a knob on the end of it ; I made his bed on Tuesday morning, the 21st November ; on Wednesday morning it looked as if no one had slept in it the previous night ; I only shook the counterpane that morning ; I knew by the sheets that the bed had not been slept in ; I put clean sheets on, on Tuesday morning , on Wed nesday morning the sheets were just the same as when I put them on on Tuesday morning ; the counterpane and blanket had not been disturbed ; tbe bed looked as if some one had slept on it— not inside the clothes. Cross-examined by Mr Blake : Only Collins slept in the room on Monday night ; on the night of the 21st November Mr Marsh slept in the room ; there were two beds iu the room ; I took Mr Marsh round and showed him his bed ; I saw the other bed at that time; Collins was not in the other bed; I swear to that ; I saw Collins come out of his room in the morning ; I supposed that Mr Marsh was in bed. By His Honor : I went to bed on Tuesday night at 9 o'clock ; it was about half an hour before that I showed Mr Marsh his bed ; I did not go into the room ; Mr Marsh went in when I showed him his bed ; I do not know how long he remained in the room. By A Juror : When I showed Mr Marsh his bud 1 had a lighted caudle in ray lisud ; I put the caudle on the table within the room. By His Honor: I left the candle there with Mr Marsh in the room. Saturow, May 11, The trial of Patrick Calling, for murder, was re sumed this moruing at 10 o'clock. Lewis Zieman re-called ; The firm of Zieman Bras, bank at the Bank of Australasia, Ipswich ; my brother, the late Simon Zieman, had two blank cheques with him ; he carried them in bis pocket book ; the gold watch he took away with him from St George was numbered 43742, makers' name, Ho) loway auil Co, London .(watch produced and iden tified) ; there was a chain on the watch of the same appearance and pattern as the one produced ; there .was a trinket attached to the chain with a picture iu it ; the trinket produced is the same ; uiy brother had ft pocket-knife with him— two blatled— when he left St George ; it was my knife ; it was like the knife produced, but I cannot swear to it ; I eeut a pipe iu case to him ot Wogaby station, after he had started for Tartulla ; it had a mark on it similar to the mark on tho pipe now produced : prisoner came to Bt George with William Beckett; tbe saddle before the Court was a short time in our place on Friday, the 24th November ; Collins and Beokett unsaddled their horses and put tltoni in our paddock ; I canuot say what they did with tho saddles ; they were on the verandah of the store after the horses were unsaddled ; Collins, Beckett, and myself went to Macalistor's hotel aft ar the horses wore unsaddled ; t left them at Maoalister's and went home again. Wm. Beckett, re-oallod: On tlie niglit of the 21st November Thomas Marsh slept iu Collins' room at TartuUa station j as you enter the room one bed is on the right hand and tbo other ou tbe left ; the door opens inward to the left ; Collins slept in tbe bed to the left, next to tho partition which divides that room from my father's bedroom ; there are two or tbreo boxes which serve as a table ; they are placed io the centre of the room between tho two beds— one end of the table no-called is against the partition which divides my own roam from Collim' bedroom ; I went frequently into that room; the night of the 21st November was dark ; there wm no moon ? Jane Ryle showed Mr Mftrsli to bis room that night. , ? , By His Honor : I saw Collins when be first came to the station on the 12th November ; he came ou horseback ; i saw him when he first rode up to tbe station ; he had only one horse with him at that time ; 1 did not see him with » riding whip »t any . time while he remained on the station (No, 27 pro duced) ; the whip which Collins showed me on the 24th November was not broken like that ; I did not notice that the whip which he showed me wanted a head ; neither of the greeuhide whips in my bed room wore wanting of a head ; one of them was broken ; one also hod a brass uail through tbe Turk's head st the top. Sergeant Cr&nuey;, re-called: On the 26th No vember, after the murder, I proceeded to Maoaiister'a hotel at St. Ueor^e's brid^d ; 1 saw prisoner there about bnif-past 10 o'ulook at night ; 1 asked him ; his name, aud be replied, ' My uame is Collins ;' I I told him I apprehended him ou suspicion of uiur J during Simon Ziemtui ; he mads no reply ; I took him from the bar to tbe billiard room, sad searched hiiu, ami then took him to tbe lockup { he was wealing elastic-aide bootfi at tbat time ; 1 afterwards returned to Mauolister's hotel and searched the bar ; I i.iuiul a Badillo with stirrup- leathers and irons attached, a leather pouch on the near side, two small straps on the otf side— one of leather and tbe other «f greennide (witness examines saddle) ; tbe groeuliidfi strap (No. 25) attached to this saddle was there when I took possession ou the 26th Novem ber: one of the stirrup-irons was removed by Mr Uhr, *ad tbe saddle I took to tho lookup ; when I took tiie saddle to tbe lockup it hud ou tlie iron which is missing now ; when X gut to tiie lockup with the saddle I opened fcho cell door ; Patrick Nihil w&s; present ; I asked him to hold a caudle so that prisoner might look at the s«UUe ; prisoner was lying down ; I said to him, 'Uolliiw, is this your saddle ?' he was lying at tliu side of the cells ; I held it by the caafcle aud crupple ; tbeott'side, oa which the greenhide strap was huisg, was nearest to prisoner ; Kibil was holding the caudle at the door ; there was gutneient Jigut for prisoner to see the sad dle; when 1 said, 'Collins, is 'this your saddle?' he raised himself up in a sitting position and uaid, '? Yes, that is my siuldlu.' Patrick Nibil deposed : I was acting as special constable at ,St. George ou the 'Jubh November last ; 1 weut to the door uf CoUius' cell in tbe lockup that night; 1 held a caudle for Sergeant Cranney ; he had a saddle in his hand ; he showed it to Collins ; Crauney Baid to prisoner, 'Collins, is tbis your saddle!' aud he replied, 'Yes, it is;' I afterwards weut to Tartuiia ; £ brought bauk a pair of bluclier boots. j.Mo. 37 produced and identified.] On my return to tit. Cieorge £ handed the boats over to Ser geant Crauney. Frauds liittuer was then called and stated : That he did not understand ijitglish sufficiently to answer questions put by the iearaed counsel, and Mr Lewis Zieinan was accordingly sworn as interpreter. Wit ness deposed ; 1 am a shoemaker residing at tkwda mine ; 1 kuow uiy work whuu I see it. [Bridle Fl produced. ] The work in this bridle is my owu ; the junction of the reins is my work ; i -io not often mentl bridles ; Mr Siiuon Zieman gave it to me to repair on the 24tb August, 1800 ; I repaired a. sad dle for him the day before ; 1 mode an eutry of the impair to the saddle in my day book on tho day tbe work was completed. [Book produced.] i made au entry of the repair to the reins about four days afterwards ; Mr Ziuuiau favu me a gloss uf wine for repairing the reins. Sergeant Oowuoy recalled by Mr Blake : I found tracks of a largo naked foot near the place where the pieces of the pistol were taken from the water ; 1 do uot remember seeing boot-tracks in the mud at that place. lie-examined by the Attorney-Uencra] .- The track of the large naked foot was in the mud, and covered with water, aud a little to the right of the bead of the body iu a straight line ; the nearest boot tracks were a few feet to tbe right of the iiaked foot track, Mary dwaaagh deposed : I reside at St lieorge ; my husband is a publican aud storekeeper ; 1 re member the 24th November lost ; 1 know the pri soner ; 1 b.iw him at St Ueorge ou the 24tu of Nov. ; he came to the store between H aud 4 o'clock in the afternoon ; he bought some goods of me ; lie was in the store about a quarter of an hour ; Collins did not take the goods, because I ref asetl to let him have them ; lie tetujlereii a cheque which I refused to take beeouse it was not signed ; it was iu my bauds. Mr i'rina here called ou counsel for the defence to produce the cheque. Mr Blake admitted the service of notice produced, but said, ' We have no cheque to produce.' His Honor theu permitted Air I'ring to proceed to the production of secondary evidence. lixaminatiou of Mrs Cavanagh continued : 1 looked at the cheque ; it was drawn on the Bank of Austra lasia, Ipswich j to tbo best of my belief it was made payable to Mr Murphy ; tbo amount was X33 and some odd shillings, but I do not remember the uumber-, wheu I refused to take the cheque I handed it back to prisoner ; I told him it «-?3 not signed ; I asked him to let ine look at it ayain, as t might know the writing ; he dirt uot return it to me ; be said he had sold some cattle to a man tlmt moruing, and the man being in town he would ci aud get it signed ; be went away and never returned for the goods ; I eaw biin again m the cveningin the bar of uiy husband's public house, and afterwards with Mr Zieuian and Mr Beckett as they were going out of the yard. Cross- examined by Mr Make : I would not have giveu the goods aud change to prisoner if the cheque Rod boea signed by any person 1 did not know ; I did not raui the paper containing nn account of tlie proceedings at St Ucorge ; I was reading an acuotiut of this trial in one of the papers this morn ing ; I believe that 1 did say in my deposition before the magistrates at fit. George that I did not recol lect in whose favor tiie cheque was drawn. By Mr 1'ring: It is a fact that I told Collius the cheque was nut signed. Tiie Couit adjourned at 1 o'clock, and resnmed at 1 o'clock, wheu His U-i:mr, the Iciriictt counsel, n.u-1 the jury proceeded to inspect the bay nnd chest nut horses referred to in the previous evidence. The uext witness called by the Crown was JoUii Hartuumii, who deposed : I am a store keeper iu the employ of Messrs Walker aud Lamb, of St. George ; I saw the prisoner in tbe store at St! Ueorge on the 24th November last ; I served him. with a pair of trousers and other goods ; he tendered me a cheque in payment ; 1 did not take the cheque ; I returned it because it was not signed j it was drawn ou the Bank ot Australasia, Ipswich. ; do not know in whoso favor it was drawn ; it was for £33 some odd shillings ; 1 told prisoner 1 eoukl not cash the cheque ; 1 gave no reason ; prisoner nut the cheque in bis pocket and left the store ; this waa early iu the afternoon. Michael Andereou deposed : I am a storckeener in the employ of Messrs Ziemau of St. George ; I had a conversation with prisoner between 9 and 10 o'clock ou the night of the 2Gtb November in the parlour of Macalister's hotel at St. Genrgo ; 1 asked him if he had a cheque for £33 in bis possession ; ho replied, 'No, everything I have bought t have {laid far with the silver 1 had by me when I came into town ;' 1 then called Macatister' and Kuright, the butcher's, attention to bis statement ; 1 said to him, ' Did you not present a cheque for £33 to Mrs Cuvauagb, ' and he answered 'No ;' I then went away. Cuarles H. Earigbt deposed: I am a butcher, residing at St. George; 1 saw tbe prisoner at Macaluter's Hotel ou tbe 20th November hut, between a, and 10 o'clock at night ; Michael Ander son was present; 1 heard him say to Collins, ' Have yuu a cheque for i'33 ?' ami Collins an RWttred, ' No 1' Anderson said then, ' Hnve you on order for £33 ?' and prisoner again answered, 'No' Anderson then said, 'Did you tender a cheque to any person iu towu for 4-33?' Collina said, ' No j all 1 have bought I have paid for wfth the few shillings of silver 1 had;' Anderson then said tu Collins, ' It might be a strange question to ask you, but you will-know more about it another time;' Anderson said, 'You hear thnt Kmigbt!' I mode no reply, aud Audersoii left the room ; I suid to Coiline, *' A man might be accused very simply ;' Collins remarked, ' Why did he auk, me those uuestiuus!' 1 replied, 'I cannot tell;' I then left the room. tiroas-exainiiifed by Mr Blake : Before Anderson left the room Collins said to him, ' Why do you ask Die these questions ?' Constable McDonald produced a stirrup-iron, por tion of the saddle known in the evidence Rfi ' Col lias' saddle,' Uegiunld Charles H. Ulir produced a stirrup* oather, which he took with tbe iron produced 1 y McDonald fnim Collins' saddle nt St. George. l«wis Zieman recalled by His Honor : My brother ivoitt iiiuou stouter tnati tliaii inysolf; he weighed ?vlthont his saddle lOst 21b«. ' Tliis completed tbe oass for the Crown, lit Blake than prpoeoded to .address (he jury lor fee priBouur,-?--fCJiw«H««i en paye ».J 