THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1872. The Synod of the Tasmanian branch of the Church of England has, during its present session, had many matters vitally affecting the interests and polity of that Church under con- sideration. Of all.those matters none approaches, in general importance, that so temperately and so judiciously introduced to the attention of the Synod by theRev. J. T. Gellibrand, namely, the question of Christian Unity. In bringing forward the subject Mr. Gellibrand stated, and all who ,knnw him will freely recognise the truthfulness of tho statement, that he was "desirous to avoid introducing anything that would wound the feelings of any individual, or give rise to acri- monious discussion." Ho then proceeded in a strictly moderato manner to call the attention of the Synod to tho fact that a general desiro had arisen for "an increased and closer union between the various Protestant Churches of Christondom." He avowed a deep interest in tho realization of that union, but whatever his own wishes might be ho did not wish to force his opinions on any to whom they might bo un- palatable This was evident from the course proposed, the appointment of a Committeo " to coufor with the authorities" of the Churches in question, which Committee should " collect the best available evidence, and present their report thereon at tho next session of tho Synod." This, as Mr. Gellibrand pointed out, did not involve " hasty action of nny kind whatever." On the contrary, it affords ample opportunity not only for the Committee appointed by the Synod, but also for the authorities of the other Churches specified, namely, the Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland, and the Wesleyan and Independent Churches to weigh well and duly cousidor the subjects from their several and independent standpoints. The proposition, after some verbal alterations, met with the unanimous approval of the Synod. The verbal alterations consisted in substituting for " that some closer bond of union should be drawn between the following Protestant bodies of Christians in Tasmania, namely, the Churches of England and Scotland, the Freo Church, &c;," the phrase " that some closer bond of union should be drawn between tho Church of Eng- land in Tasmania, and the following bodies of Christians in Tasmania, the Presbyterian Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland," &c.; The omission of the word Protestant was niado on the ground that it was entirely redundant and calculated unnecessarily to express an exclusion of llomaii Catholics from the sympathy which many Christians of other denominations enter- tain for them. This was undoubtedly a wiso and prudent omission and will command universal approval; the other modification Beems unnecessary, and it is difficult to conceive why it was introduced. It was calculated, if not in- tended, to be offensive. It seems from the report that tho latter alteration was made with a view to meet the idiosyncracy of the Rev. Canon Bromby, who while advocating " Union" did not wish to see the several Churches all placed on " one lovel," and least of all did he wish to see those Churches that had " merged out of it" placed on a level with ' ' the ancient historical Anglo-Saxon Church, which had been handed down from time to time as au independent Church j" in other words, he would deny the right of tho others to bo characterised as Churches. They aro in his opinion morely bodies of Christians. How tho modification meets Canon Bromby'» viows on the point, we confess ourselves at a loss to perceive. It seems rather an exclusion of "the Church of England in Tasmania" from among the "bodiosof Christians;" and an affirmation, on tho part of tho Synod, thatit feels that whether a closer bond of union betwoon all tho other denominations referred to be or be not required a closor union between "the Church of England in Tasmania" and the Christian Churches designated is desirable. In this respect the Synod, it must be admitted, acted wisely, for it was clearly beyond thoir provinco to affirm that a closer bond of union should be drawn between other independent Churches, such as the Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland, and the Wesleyan and Independent Churches. Probably, though not expressed, it was this fooling which led to the adoption by the Synod of the alteration in the wording of the resolution. The resolution, as altered, if not amended, while on the whola commending itself to ap- proval, shows a lamentable want of knowledge on the part ofthe Synod of Church nomenclature. Wo should have supposed that every member of tho Synod know that there is no Church in this Colony, or elsewhere, known or designated as " tho Presbyterian Church of Scotland." "The Church of Scotland" is an indepondont, national Church, which, in common with others, has adopted tho Presbyterian polity. As an in- dependent Church it should have been designated by its correct appellation-that this was not dono may have boon an oversight. Scoing, however, that in her thirty-ninth Article the Church of England recognises that " it is not necessary that traditions and ceremonies be in all placos Olio, and utterly aliko" ;und again that " evory particular or national Church bath authority,'» ifcc., ono would have oxpected that at least the Secretary or some members of the Synod would have detected tho error in tho designation of the national Church of Scotland, and had it rectified beforo tho resolution was adopted. "I do not want," wrote tho lato lamented Rowland Hill, "tho walls of separation botwoon different orders of Christians to be destroyed, but only lowered that wo may Bhako hands a little easior over them. " Similar, no doubt, woro tho feelings which induced Mr. Gellibrand to bring forward, and the Synod to adopt the resolution. In a like spirit we have no doubt it will bo mot by tho other Christian Churches whose authorities aro to bo consulted. The desiro for groator .unity among Christians has been felt by many of tho best and wisest of all ages since the great teacher, who declared " Blessed aro tho peacemakers," promulgated tho principles of tho Christian religion, and ex- emplified thom by leading a life of perfect peace. That tho desiro for greater unity of action, and greater harmony of intercourse among the various Christian denominations, is spreading throughout Christendom is evident. Men feel that tho time has como when the cankerworm of mutual distrust, roproach, and recrimination, should bo discarded, that " men's hearts ought not to be sot against ono another,but set with ono another, and all against tho evil thing." Tho desiro for greater unity is Christliko, but tho professors and teachers of Christianity have only too frequently shown that however much they valuo the ideal principio they are not actuated by any firm determination to effect its realisa- tion. It is to bo hoped, howover, that hero, at least, a now era has sot in, that men aro begin liing to realiso that ?' Of nil tho tyrannies on human kind Tho worst is that which persecutes the mind." And that recognising this truth tho authorities of the Reformed Churches will no longer pormit it to bo truthfully said of them, that " lu short, in doctrino, or in discipline, Not one icform'il eau with another jola, But all horn oiioh ns from damnation fly." At the sitting of the Synod on Saturday Canon Davenport gave notice of his intention to move, "That it be an instruction to the Com mittee appointed to confer with the heads of other Churches on the subject of union to for- bear doing anything in conducting such confer- ence, from which it might bo reasonably inferred that the Synod desires or intends to relax or compromise the principles declared in the lawB and formularies of the Church of England." This action on the part of tho Secretary of the Synod provos that, so far as Canon Davenport is concerned, he desires no fellowship with the Churches indicated. The proposed resolution is a palpable insult to the good sense of tho Committee, whose instructions wcro already sufficiently definite, and who aro by no means so wanting in common sense as to exceed the authority given them. Its adoption would indicate that the Synod repents of the conrBe it has taken, and has no real desire for Christian unity. It is difficult to conceive what motives could have influenced Canon Davenport to table such a motion, unless a desire to burk the object for which tho Committee wns appointed. It remains to be seen whether tho Synod will stultify itself by rotracing its steps and fettering the Committee in the useless manner proposed. Should they do so all negotiations for the promotion of Christian unity must prove futile, for the Synod must remember that, besides tho Church to which they belong, there are others who, as parties to any proposed negotiation, are not likely to compromise themselveB by accept- ing any " crumb of comfort " the Anglican Church may hold out. Books of " a Romanising tendency "-the expression is not ours, aro like Mahomet's coffin, suspended in mid-air. The Church of England in Tasmania, in Synod assembled, would not adopt them, but the majority expresaedsuch sympathy with their teachings that tbey hare shrunk from the most mild repudiation of their use. The proceedings that ended on Saturday night in refusing "to warn members of the Church, both lay and clerical, to bo on their guard against the Romanising tendency which such books contain," have been distinguished by certain significant peculiarities ; and, if we aro rightly informed of the tone of feeling among the laymen as a body, and a number of tho clergy, we have not yet heard the end of Buch teachings. Of these we offer no opinion. That is a matter entirely affecting the particular Church that has so lamentably halted between the two opinions. The first note of alarm was sounded by the Rev. Geo. Banks Smith, a very estimable man, and a warm supporter of Protestant truth ; but it is well for him that his lot has been cost in the nine- teenth century ; for, if we may judge by the way in which, without n word of explanation, be with- drew his motion from the notice paper of the Church Synod regarding books of a Romanising tendency at present circulating in the diocese of Tasmania, he would never bo found witnessing at the stake for his opinions. Taking it for granted that averted looks on the part of the clergy whose practices he assailed, drove him to this unheroio course, or episcopul blandishments, or frowns, as the case may be, whoso ponco-at-any-price policy he was opposing, actuated him, it was not creditable to bia moral courage that ho was so easily turned asido. Ho did not justify himself on the scoro of having hoon misinformed, and of having done a wrong to his brethren in the Church. No, he Bimply lilted his glovo, and, in tho first instance, retired from tho scene of strife without evon an apology, leaving it to others to take the initiative from which he shrank. Wo are ready to confess, however, that his firm and opon course when Mr. Barnard caused tho questions to be taken up on Saturday, has almost altogether relieved him of the censuro under which ho would otherwise havo rested. The debate that took place on Mr. Barnard's motion, as it was the longest, will also bo regarded hy tho laity as the most important of the session. It was conduoted with considerable warmth ar.d ability on both sides, though tho course pursued by most of the dignitnries had too largo an infusion of time serving for the gene- ral taste, for where their speoches were not brimming over with lovity, thoy wore only clover bits of special pleading. And it will bo matter of considerable rcgrot that Denn Cox, while condemning tho hooks alluded to, voted with those who avowedly used them. Plain men can scarcely understand such a fullering course Outside that body it matters not whothcr the Chut ch of England stands by its Protestant ism, or goes hack to the bosom of Mother Church. Butwnhnroa right to require conBi'stoncy on tho part of public men, whothcr in tho Church or tho Stnto. Wo took oc- casion a day or two ago to hint at tho wide-spread uneasiness which wowerosuro tho Bishop's disavow al of sympathy, such as it was, with the ultra-ritualistio movement would give rise to. Whether rightly or wrongly thero can bo no doubt that both ho and his relative, tho incumbent of St. John's, with others, are popularly credited in this community with very strong loanings in the direction of ritualism ; and mon are apt to form their opinions of others hy their actions rather than their utterances. Many earnest churchmen thought that Mr. Smith had given the Bishop an opportunity of dealing frankly and honestly with the fact, that certain boohs and tracts, such as tho "Priost'e Prnyor-hook," "An Altar Book for Young Persons," &c;, containing doctrines, to purgo tho Church of England from which the Re- formers died, aro notoriously in circulation in his diocese. If they regarded with regret tho withdraws] of Mr. Smith'B motion, it was with considerable satisfaction that thoy saw tho matter revived in another form. Tho hooks just referred to formed the text of Saturday's debate. That our readers may havo soma notion of the teaching of the former of those works, we furnish them with somo extracts, mos of which were read during the debate. The following are some of its utterances on the Sacrament of the Supper:-"Therefore when the Priest breaks the Bread and blesses the Cup, as Christ did, and says in tho Consecration prayor tho words which Christ said, the Bread and Wino bccomo ' verily and indeed ' tho Body and Blood of ChriBt." "We cannot tell how (ho Broad and Wine bccomo tho Body and Blood of Christ, excopt that it is hy tho power of tho Holy Ghost, exerted in the act of Consecration through tho agency of the Priests of tho Church, to whom Christ gave authority. (1 Cor. xi. 24 ; Hob. v. 4.)" " The consecrated Sacramont is the same Body which was crucified, only presented to our sight under another ' form.' " " That which Christ is doing ia heaven, tho Church, wbioh is His Body (Eph. i. 22, 23), does on earth, by celebrating tho Holy Eucha- rist, and thus ' showing forth,' not boforo mon, but before God, His Death (1 Cor. xi. 20). Ilonco this ¡b tho Church's great Act of Worship, and is dc depondont upon tho reality of our Lord's Presence. It ¡B tho doing in act what wo say in words at the .nd of our prayers, ' through Jesus Christ.' " Equally unmistakable are tho utterances of the samo work on the subject of Auricular Confession. At pago 28 wo read:-"Tho Priest hears tho Confession without interruption, unless it bo necessary, as whero tho Penitent is afraid to confess, or docs not sufficiently explain tho number, and kind, and circumstances of his sins. Ho ohsorves what is necessary, and enjoins a penance, varying ns to stnto, condition, ago, sox, disposition, &c.; Tho Penitent promises to perform it." Again at pages 1S8-0:-" When a Penitent ia afraid to confess any particular sin, the Priest moy often oncourago him by assuming tbat tho sin is much graver than any which ho is likely to have committod." "Pennncos must bo adapted to the uga, sox, condition, and 'spiritual needs of each Penitent ; o.g., fasting is unsuitablo'for invalids and children, and long forms of devotion for tho igno- rant." " It is Bacrilege of tho very gravest kind for I the PrieBt to discloBO what has boen rovealcd to him i in Sacramental Confession. His silence must extond (l) to all things actually confessed, of which ho may not spouk, out of tho confessional, oven to the Peni- tent himself, oxcopt by the desiro or permission of I tho latter ; (2) to tho offences of other persons cusually roforrcd to in confession, and not othorwise known to the Priest ; (3) to all hints, inuondoes, or indirect references as to the matter of confession, and, as a rulo, to tho namcB of the Penitents. If tho Priost moot with a caso with which ho does not know how to deal, and for whoao treatment he must soek advice, ho should state it in moh broad and gonoral terms as to avoid any probability of identifying the person on whose bohalf ho makes the inquiries. The obli- gation to silence on the part of tho Priest does not terminate, with the .death.of the Penitent, but*!* perpetually binding." At pago 120, we find the following stanza " Alary, tlio harbinger ot peaco supernal, Mother of God,* with all the Angel train, ' All Saints be with us, till the bliss Eternal In Christ no gain." Here we hare what Protestants call rank Mariolntry, or adoration of tho Virgin, together with the invocation of angelB and saints all in a heap. If these he now the doctrines of the Protestant Church of England, then let the change bo avowed, and wo bavo no quarrel with nnyono. Whatever tho merits or demerits of tlio books as n whole thoy contain a subtle undercurrent at variance with tho doctrinal standards of the Church of England. Doctrines and practices are inculcated in both hooks which are so widely at variance with tho Church Catechism, the Prayer Book, theThirty-nine Articles, and the Canons that no honest-minded clergyman, or member of the Church of England, could con Bistontiy use thom, or sanction tho use of them by others. It appeared, howover, in the course of tho discussion that several of the clergymen wore possessed of copies of tho Priest a Prayer Book. This was frankly admitted ; and as they might have purchased the book in ignorance of its contents, or for tho purpoBo of exposing its heretical teachings, no one should blame them under such circumstances or the possession of such a book. In three or four instances, however, it wbb admitted that not only were young pastors, whoso ritualistio tendencies are proverbial, possessed of the work, but also that they were in the habitual practice of using it. The vote of Saturday was therefore an unsatisfactory one in every view, in so far as the Church of England in Tasmania is concerned. It unhinges the faith of the Church, and shakes confidence in the clergy, when tho laity find the clorgy doing what thoy are ashamed to avow, or avowing, juBtify by reasons repugnant to common senso; when they find a dignitary of tho Church speaking on ono Bide and voting on another ; when thoy find even their Bishop when forced into a corner and compelled to speak out, palter with wordB) and tack about now in this course, now in that, as Bishop Bromby did on Saturday night. We oiler no opinion on the objections taken to tho quotations made. A large body of Christians, of good and holy men, avowedly profess thom, and do so con- scientiously and consistently. It is not are these doctrines true, but are they the doctrines of tho Church of England P Are they consonant with tho doctrines of the Church, a branch of which discussed them on Saturday P If tbey are, why not say so ? If they are not, why hesitate to condemn, since a portion of the clergy use, if they do not believe, the tenoti that were under viow. While such distrust na ia_ now abroad among the laity prevails, regarding those in authority, and their ulterior designs, the Synod may devise schemes for collecting funds hy machinery, as Dr. Valentine put it, but the Church's coffers, wo fear, will romain unreplonished. It may not he out of place here to quote the words of the Primate of the English Church, al- though thoy have already appeared in our columns. " It would not be denied that thcro woro some churches in tho country, whero the Romish mass, which our reformers died to resist, was sought to be restored, and he must ask, can the bishop's authority stand still whilo the uffections of tbo people are being alienated by practices intended to undo all tho benefits which the reformation bad conferred upon this country P We hear, it is true, a plea for liberty in the church ; and such n pica musl not be treated lightly. Liberty we must not loie but it must ho liberty within tho limits of tho lan| If tho bishop is called upon by a proper authority, it ¡s evident that ho must not, and it may ho that he may find it necessary to act of his vpwn accord. , In judging of what is lawful in tho church, ho must ro member that ho is a bishop of tho Church of England, and not of that of Rome." Bishop Bromby should not ho astonished at tlio uneasiness pervading the minds of old-fushionod Protestants at tho presont aspect of affairs. For though ho may shut his eyes they aro not ignorant of the tendency of ritualism. Tbo WeM¡/ Register, a Roman Catholic paper, Bays : -" From every ritualistic congregation in London there ia a continual stream of converts drifting towards us, and the number would ho increased bad wo priests sufficient to look after tboso who are hesitating as to this future step in the right direction. In various purtB of tho country different Anglican clorgjmen havo been íeceivcd into tho church, to the number of some ten or a dozen, and at least as many ladies connected with various Anglican sisterhoods havo followed in the taree direction. Out of every twenty Anglicans who joined tho Catholic Church, not Icps than Eoventccn havo been pieparcd for tho step by tho teaching they 1 avo heard from lilunlislic pulpits, and hy tho practices thoy havo got accus- tomed to in ritualistic churches. . . . Not only laymen, but Anglican clergymen, havo been soen devoutly hearing mass at Catholic ohurohes, rather than go to their own placeB of worship, whero what thoy consider heresy wus taught." i Press Excursion to Risdon. - On Saturday last the members of the mechanical staff of The Mercury made an excursion in the steamer Enterprise to the picturesque and historic township of Risdon - the spot on which the first settlors who came to the colony landed, and the scene of the first encountor between the whites and aboriginals of Tasmania. The steamer left the wharf about 1.30 p.m., and on the trip up the river to the Derwent Inn the excursionists whiled away the time with songs, recitations, and pieces of concerted instrumentation. Arrived at tho wharf, the visitors wero received and welcomed by Mine Host Jennings, and at once sat down to tho recherche* repast whioh ho had spared neithor trouble nor ex- pense to provide for them. Tho chair was taken bv Dr. Richards, with Mr. G. W. Rex for vice, and full, justice having been done tho choico viands, tho usual: toasts-among which wero net forgotten the Messrs.' Davies-wero proposed and honoured. Preparations' wore then made to carry out a programmo of athletic; sports, which were run on the road in front of tho' inn. The first event was the Flying Stakes, 100 yards, won by J. W. Taylor, who also carried; off the Mercury Handicap, 200 yards, though pluced at scratch 8 yards behind ono of the other pedes- trians. In this race one of tho competitors unfortu- nately fell, and sustainod a Bevero injury on the left kneo and contusions on both hands. A thrce 1 legged race was won by J. Grant and D. P. Scott, «flora dead heat with G.W. Rox and W. Mcwilliams. Tho Consolation Stakes fell to H. Skinner, after a' smart contest with four others. A h&ndicap; swimming ruco, in which E. W. Sullivan started eight yards boliind tho others, was won by A. Dunlop. Pishing, skittles, and other pastimes were also indulged io, and after speoUing an enjoyable afternoon, tho ox cursionists started on tho rotum trip at 730, acknow- ledging Mr. Jennings' kind attention by giving lum thioa hearty cheero ns tho v. ssel loft tho wharf. During tho run home on the suggestion of Mr. Rex.oach Of tho company wished success to Mr. R. L. Sinclair, ono of their follow-worhmon, who is about lo procoed to Victoria, nnd on tho motion of Mr. E. AV. Sullivan, manager of tho Mercury Boating Club, a voto of thanks was passed by acclamation to Mr. Sinclair for his services as hon. secretary to tho Club. At Lin disforno B<iy the stoanior picked up another picnic party, and tho combined forces rendered nomo ox ocllent songs and choruses on tho trip to tho wharf, which was reached about 0 o'clock, and thus termi- nated a most agrecablo excursion. Cm' Council.-Tho Council will meot this after- noon at tho usual hour. Tho business comprises reports from two committees, namely :-Wnteiworlis -On Mr. Alderman Moir's schemo of " a chonpor and cerlnin method of supplying tho rity with water of tho best quality." Publio Works-On petition of Mr. Edmund Hodgson and othors for repairs to Adoluide-stroot (Cascades), and the ordors of tho d'.'y aie:-Consideration of special report of Public Works Committoo, recommanding tho substitution of a wood instead of un iron fence for enclosing Town IIull land, and consideration of scheme of publio works suhmittod by tho Publia Woiks Committee at tho last meeting. Who is to Blame ? —We know not whether the prospect of a new cemetery a year or two hence is considered sufficient to divest the present resting places of the dead of all claim to attention, but from whatever cause some of the graveyards are in a condition positively disgraceful. Notably so St. George's cemetery, which is overrun with noxious weeds, not only offensive in themselves in such a place, but a nursery for weeds that from the cemetery are likely to spread over the neighbouring gardens. Surely our graveyards might be maintained in a sufficient cleanly state not to deter the living from visiting the graves of the dead. Escai'b ov Wateii.-Tho watorpipe burst yos torday morning at the corner of Mello and Bris- bane-streets, and a considerable escape of water was tho result. Workmon wero soon afterwards em- ployed to ropair tho breach, and on excavating about the main it was found that the leakage pru oooded from tho joints of tho main pipo, and tho dofootivo part was duly ropaiiod. TiiiiATiiB Royal.-TIiíb evening will bo porformod for tho first time a dramatised vorsion of Charles Dickona's novel Oliver Twist, in whioh Mrs. Glad- stane will nppour as " Nnnoy Bikes." \ The Savinos Bank.-Tho half-yearly mooting of managers of the Hobart Town Savings Bank will be held on the bank premises on Thursday next at eleven a.m. ,... , .,, " ' Fires.-Tbere wore no less than throe filas botwoon tho hours of eight o'clock on Saturday evening and two o'clock on Sunday morning. The first was tho chimney of a dwelling-bouse in Macquarie-street,near Broughtons hotel, taking fire about a quarter past eight o'clock. Tho Aro was a slight ono, und was extinguished before tho firo bell was rung. Oa the alarm being given both brigades hastened promptly to tho placo indicated,but on urriving found that thoir services wore not requited. The second took place a fow minutes later, at tho promises of Mrs. Aloxander, milliner and dressmaker, Murray-street. This was caused by tho accidental upsetting of a kerosene lamp. With the assistance of a constable, who was in the immediate neighbourhood at tho timo, the fire was promptly oxtinguishod boforo any datnago bud boon dono. In this iuslanco no alarm was given. The | third firo took placo at half-past one o'clock, at the | premises of Mr. Sherwin, butcher, Liverpool-street. It was observed by two men who wore passing at tho time, nnd who immediately knocked the family up. A supply of water was obtained, and the men got upon the roof of the house, and in pulling off tho burning shingles one of them, named Joseph Hawkes, burned one of his hands rathor sevorely.which neces- sitated his proceeding to tho hospital to havo it dressed. Immediately after the fire was discovered the fire-bell rang un alarm, and both brigades turned out. On arriving at Mr. Shcrwin's some dilliculty wns experienced in obtaining a sufficient supply of water, butuftor a lime enough wasobtnined lo enable tho hose to piny on the roof of tho house, which had caught fire, either through a spark from a chimney falling upon it, or in some other way not yet known. Tho night beim; calm, and the fire confined to tho roof, but little dninage was done. Mr. Sherwin re- turns thanks in our advertising columns to ull who assisted in extinguishing tho fire. Bagdad Independent Sunday School. - Tho anniversary of tho Bagdad Independent Sunday school wits hold on Tuesday, tho 27th February. A paddock was kindly lent by Messrs. P. Johnson and Son tor tho occasion, who manifested a great intorest in tho affair by clearing early in tho day briars, &c;, to mako the ground clear for tho enjoyment of the children lind friends. iThc children assembled at 2 p.m. in the chapel, surrounded by their friends. Altor singing and prayer thoy adjourned to tho paddock, whon games, &c;, wore entored into in a thorough holiday spirit. At 4 p.m. an excellent spread waa nmdu'for tho childron by the neighbours of tho surrounding district, whoso liberality deserves tho highest commendation, there being u mont bounti- ful supply of the good things of this lifo. Aftor tho children had done justicn to tho good things provided, 120 friends from tho surrounding neighbourhood had their wants supplied tree of charge. In the ovening a meeting waa hold in tho chapel, the Rev. J. W. Shippird,minister of the place, occupying the chair. A final annual account was read by Mr. J. Jones, secretary of the school, showing general satis- faction, with balance in hand. Addresses by Messrs. H. lloisfull (superintendent), Hayes, senr., J. Pulnier, jnnr., ilodsmun, Nowbohl, and G. Lumsden, on the iinportnuco of Sabbath-school instruction, occupied the attention of tho meeting, about 200 boing present. The singing class, under tho leadership of Mr. G II. Wing, rondcred somo rounds and a piece called " Sweet rest in Heaven," in a manner creditable to themselves and their leader, who has takon great interest in establishing tho class under tho " Sol Fa" system. The chapel was most beautifully decorated by Mr. Diohl and family. Votes of thanks to Mr. Diebl for decorating ; to Mr. Wing for tbe singing ; and the friends and neighbours who supplied the good choor, wero unanimously carried, and tho meeting closed with tho bonediotion. Games «gain in tho paddock by tho young frionds wore entered into in earnest. Tho National Anthom being sung brought a very happy and social afternoon's pleasure to a close. Wo wish the tenchers of this school much succoss in their important work.- [Com nitmicatal.) Diocesan Synod.-Most of tho long sitting of tho Synod on Saturday was occupied with tho important debato on Mr. Barnard's motion, which was lost by two on a division. A full ropnrt of tho proceedings is published in this issue. The Synod will resume to-day at 2-30 p m. Lectuiie.-The opening lecture of the first session, 1872, of tho St. John's Association, Macquarie street, will bo delivered this ovoning by A. Inglis Chuk, E«]., his subject being "My Tour in tho North." Tho social gathering will take place on Tuesday Evening. Tunnack School.-A public meeting is to bo hold in the sehoal-room, Tunnack, at !! p.m., on Wed- nesday, tho Gth instant, to take into consideration tho objections that havo boen urged against tho adoption of tho sito that has boen resorved for public school purposes. A FÛactuhr.-A man named Edward Warren, aged 63 years, was admitted to tho GonernI Hospital on Thursday ovening, suflbring from u fracturo of the right leg just ubovo tho ankle. It appears from his own stutcmont that ho was wrestling with another man nt tho Steam Hammer Hotel, Mncqimrio-straot, and that ho sustniittd tho injury hy being thrown. Veiiual Insi'ikation.-In the matter of creed and 'doctrino, thcro uro two or three articles of faith which have moro than any other stood in tho way of the cordial and grateful reception of Ec- clesiastical Christianity hy tho most puro and I honest minds-thoso whoso instincts of justice woro truest and strongest-thoso whose conceptions of tho Deity wcro tho mott lofty and consistent. These uro tho docilities of vicarious punishment, of salvation by belief, mid of eternal damnation. Of these doctrines, as now promulgated and maintained, threo things may in our judgment ho confidently nsscrted-that thoy woro undreamed of hy Christ ; that thoy never can bo other wiso than revolting and inadmissible to all whoso intuitivo moral sense has not boon wa'rpcd by a regular courso of ecclesiastical sophistry ; and that no Christian or sensible divino would thinkofpieiicliingthcmif thoy wcro inculcated or supposed to bo inculcated by isolated texts of Scripture ; and were it not held that ovary toxt of Scripture Jis authentic, authoritative, indisputably true, mid in somo sonso or other inspired or divino. Wo uro driven, therefore, to tho conolnsion thnt this proposition, or theory, or dogma-whichever wo may pienso (o call it-of vorbnl inspiration is inischiovous and hostile to tho pura religion of Josusintwo ways: it deters thoughtful and sincero minds from receiving it, und it corrupts nnd complicates and strains it to thoBo who Imvo received it, by mingling with it incon- gruous und deteriorating accretions. To destroy this dogma, tlioicloie, to domonslrato ils untenit bility,' to shako ita hold on both the teacher and tho taught, is, wo maintain, the most signal und tho most needed scrvico' which a good and pious man can rondor to tho sacred oauso of Christianity and Truth. -AV. R. Gray. The .?I2 tovor Watch, No. 13,580 purchased from Chas. P. Norton* Co., 80Nassau-street, New York, January 5th, has boon carried by mo ovor six months, with a total variation in time of only 2(i seconds, without tho slighest regulating, mut prosonts tlio same brilliancy of colour as when pur- chased. James R. Wilson, Seo. American S. M. Co. N. Y. Now York, July 30th, 1870. [Advt.] ? ? l. ' / " ' 