Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XIV. BEN HAS A MYSTERIOUS DREAM. "HALLO! messmate! Are you going to lie in bed all day? It is nearly eight bells, and I hear the old lady getting breakfast underway." This was Frank's first salutation to his sleepy companion on the follow- ing morning. "Yaugh! I have had a most exciting night, Frank. I don't think I have slept more than half-an- hour since the clock struck one." "Ha, ha! That is a miscalculation of yours, boy; and I guess you were asleep when you made it. I woke up twice in the middle watch, and you were snoring like a sea-horse with a land crab at his nozzle. Fellows don't often make that pretty noise when they are wide awake." "Well, perhaps I have been dreaming after all; but I could almost declare solemnly that I have been, talking with poor Dumby, and that he was sitting on this box for more than half the night." "Nonsense, boy! It was only the bread and cheese and onions that you ate for supper. Nightmare— nothing else. I often dream about ugly things when I am sleeping on shore, and after living on the 'fat of the land,' as the saying is." "If I have been dreaming it was one of the strangest dreams that I ever had, and I think it will turn out real in some way that I cannot see just now. Ah! you may laugh, Frank!" "I can't help laughing at your solemn looking physiog, Ben; but let me hear your dream, and perhaps I can tell you what it means. I remember the carpenter of the Hazard dreamt one night that his youngest boy had tumbled down a well and was drowned. When he told me his dream, I said, 'You may depend on it, Chips, that the very reverse of it has happened, for dreams always go by contraries.' Sure enough, when he got home after our cruise was over, the first thing he heard was that his eldest girl was married to a rich grocer, and his boy had not been drowned at all." "That was fortunate, certainly. Sit down a minute or two Frank, and I will tell you my dream or vision, or whatever you like to call it. By-the-bye, did I ever tell you of the dream I had a few nights after I ran away from my granny's house?" "No, boy; I don't remember that you did. Let me hear it now." "I dreamt that I was in a foreign land, and that some strange man was filling my pockets with gold- dust." "That is not a bad dream anyway, Ben." "No, I don't think it is, Frank; but the queerest part of it is that Dumby is the very man that I saw in my dream." "Pooh! You only fancy that, boy. You had never seen the man until you went on board the Wolf, had you?" "Never, Frank; but I assure you it is true what I say. I saw the very same man last night, and it is remarkable that I did not remember my dream when I first saw Dumby on board the Wolf. It is now quite vividly before my mind." "It's a queer story altogether, Ben. But tell me what you dreamt last night. I won't laugh, again." "If it was not a reality, I dreamed that I saw Dumby sitting on that box, and looking just as he looked on the night he crawled out of his berth in the forecastle of the Wolf, and he said to me in a very mournful tone, "Ben, you have given my manuscript and the tin box to Mr. Blackstone." I felt so scared that I could not speak a word, so he said, "You need not trouble, they will be all right. I want you to go and see my mother; she lives at Newby Hall, near S------. Tell her that I am buried in the sea." "That is the very address that was written on the parcel, Ben." "Exactly. Here is a copy of it that you saw me write." "What else did he say. to you, Ben?" "He said a good deal more, but I cannot remember it all just now. Tell me what you think of my strange visitation?" "It is best not to say much about matters that you don't understand, Ben. It beats all my knowledge; that is the plainest way to answer you. But what are you going to do about it?" "I think I shall go to England, and do what the ghost bade me do, Frank. Besides, I should like to see my dear old granny again, now that I have a few pounds to give her." "I think you had better stop here, Ben, and make more money. Send what you can spare by the mail to your granny. Fifty pounds is not much of a for- tune to carry home." "But you forget I have something else to do in England. I want to see Dumby's mother; in fact I feel a sort of irresistible impulse to go." "Well, you know best, boy. If you feel like that I won't try to stop you. But you must not start till you see what they do with me at the assizes. I don't suppose they can hang me if they go to the full stretch of the law; but there is no saying, the law is very uncertain." "Of course I will stop till your case is decided, Frank; I am bound to do that. But I do not think you need fear the result, for Mr. Blackstone told me he felt sure you would be acquitted, though he did not like to say as much to you." "Did he say that, Ben? Hurrah! If I do get off scot free blow me if I don't go to England with you," said Frank exultingly. "I haven't seen the dear old land for nearly thirty years, so I'll go and see if my sister Nelly is alive. This fifty pounds will burn a hole in my pocket and tumble out if I stay in Mel- bourne. I must go to sea for my health's sake, and I may as well go to London as elsewhere. If I cannot ship as seaman on board the vessel you go in, I can pay my passage, and go to sea for once in my life like a gentleman. What do you say to that, Ben?" "I shall be very glad of your company, Frank." "That is a bargain then. If I' get clear of this court job, I'll top my boom and away with you to London town. Perhaps my old sweetheart, Sukey Fake, is alive still!" * * * * * For the ensuing month Ben and Frank lived very comfortably at their lodgings. They usually spent part of each day in the Public Library, and the other part in seeing the various places of attraction with which Melbourne abounds. Their evenings were passed at the home fireside, and the society of the hostess and her daughter was very agreeable; so much so that Frank remarked in his dry way to Ben, one night after retiring to their room, that "If he were to live much longer at that easy rate, he should be spoilt for a sailor," to which Ben replied with a sigh, "He should miss the society of Mrs. and Miss Blake very much after he left their house, for they had been like a mother and a sister to him." "Better than a sister, I think, Ben; but joking apart, I believe that old lady knows as much about religion as the chaplain of our frigate did, and perhaps more; at any rate, the way she talks about it seems to be more hearty like. I don't profess to be a first rate judge of prayers, but her prayer to-night seemed to me to be smoother than anything of the sort I ever heard before, especially when she put in a word or two for poor sailors who are knocking about at sea in the hard gale that is now blowing. That touched my heart like a warm hand." "I confess that I did not much like her evening ser- vice when I first came to lodge here, Frank; but I like it now, and I think I shall make up my mind to say my prayers every night in future, before I turn into bed." "Well, it can't do you any harm, my lad, and perhaps it will do you good. It comes rather hard on a poor fellow if he is in danger of going down at sea, and he is ashamed to pray to God to help him, as I have been many times." "I never was ashamed to pray to God, Frank, though I have very seldom thought of doing so. I don't see why any man should be ashamed to pray." "I will tell you what I mean, Ben: I was on board a ship once that got badly strained in a heavy gale, and after floundering about like a water-logged punt for seven hours she went down under us, and drowned six of the crew. I prayed hard to God that night as I was working at the pumps, and vowed if He would let me get safe on shore that I would give over all my wicked tricks and behave myself for the rest of my life. I honestly meant what I said, but I am sorry to say, Ben, that I had not landed much above an hour before I got drunk, and knocked down the coxswain of the lifeboat that brought me ashore. Ever since that shabby trick I have been ashamed to pray to God when I have been in danger—it would only look like mockery. O, dear me! I wish I wasn't such a wicked old sinner, Ben; then I could pray to God every night of my life, and every morning too." * * * * * The anxiously looked for day of Frank's trial came, and he appeared at court without being appealed to by his bailee. Mrs. and Miss Blake and Ben were also in attendance as witnesses. The case for the prosecution was fully gone into, and, as stated on oath by Mr. Leary, it looked as clear a case of murderous assault and robbery as was ever tried by a Judge and jury. But there are "two sides to a story," and when evidence for the defence was heard, the jury (even without being influenced by the con- trast between the honest faces of the witnesses, and the sensual and devilish looks of the prosecutor) could not fail to decide favourably for the prisoner. If Mr. Leary had any sense of shame it would certainly have been touched by the address of Frank's learned counsel, when he with manly feeling disserted upon the abominable conduct of the prosecutor in way- laying a poor innocent girl on her way home from her workshop, and seeking by wicked wiles and by the temptation of his purse to mislead her from the path of virtue; in fact, trying his utmost to make another unhappy subject for the reforming efforts of the lady directors of the Female Refuge. The jury, without hesitation, acquitted Frank on the charge of stealing the purse. They found him guilty of the assault, but, on the ground of the justifiable character of it, they strongly recommended him to mercy. The learned Judge made a few appropriate remarks on the lament- able disposition of some men of position in the com- munity to mislead young and virtuous females, and then he passed sentence on the prisoner, which was that he be kept in custody until the rising of the court. Frank touched his forelock to the Judge, and took his seat in a corner of the dock, looking as pleased as if he had just received a gold medal for saving a life, while Mr. Leary stalked out of court wjth feelings of a totally different nature gnawing at his mortified heart. Ben waited outside the court until the close of the day, and then walked home beside his liberated friend to their lodgings, where they were joyfully welcomed by their hostess and her daughter. * * * * * "I do believe I am a regular old fool, Ben," re- marked Frank, as he was preparing for bed on the night of his liberation from court. "When did you make this discovery, Frank?" Ben asked, while he smiled at the unusual seriousness of Frank's face when making that startling admission. "I have suspected it for several years, Ben; but I never was so convinced of it as I am at present. I think that old lady's sensible talk, and her prayers every night, have helped to convince me of the fact, but I have thought more soberly about things of late, as you are aware. Often, as I have sat in that Public Library, I have reflected with regret that if I had for years past only devoted a few hours in each week to getting a little knowledge into this stupid old head of mine, I might have cruised along life's course ten times easier than I have done, and I should not have had so much time for learning monkey tricks, that I would give both my ears if I could unlearn. Besides, I might have had a shot or two in the locker, to pro- vide against the time when I shall be hove aside as unseaworthy. I shall be fifty years old come December, and I have been doing nothing else but mischief ever since I came into the world. I am ashamed of myself, Ben. Ah! you may smile, my boy; but I mean every word I say this time." "Come, come! Don't be too hard on yourself, Frank. You have done some good in the world since I have known you. For instance, you gave that wicked rogue who was trying to make misery in this home a good thrashing, and you mended my broken leg and that ugly wound on my head; besides, you pumped away night and day on board the Wolf, and perhaps saved her from foundering and drowning me. I am sure I have good reason to be grateful for your services to me." "Ah! I have had plenty of pumping in leaky old ships, if there is any merit in that work, Ben; but if I had not been a fool I should not have had so much of that back-breaking work to do." "How do you make that out, Frank? You were not the cause of the ships' leaking, I suppose?" "Perhaps not, boy; but if I had been wise enough years ago to learn my profession properly, I need not be now a mere common sailor; I should have risen a bit, as other men have done. I know several men who at the present time are masters of vessels, and they had not had half the chance that I have had to pick up a thorough knowledge of sea- manship. But they were sober-headed fellows, and had common sense enough to learn their profession properly, so they are master men and not mere journeymen." "I have heard several competent judges—and one of them was the captain of the Wolf—say that you are a first-rate seaman, Frank; so you need not try to ruin your own reputation in my eyes," said Ben, soothingly. "I am well up in practical seamanship, no doubt, Ben; and so I ought to be, after being at sea thirty- five years. I could handle a vessel of any rig, from a cutter to a clipper ship, perhaps almost as well as any skipper now in Hobson's Bay, but I know little or nothing of the science of navigation, so I could never get command of a vessel, or even a mate's berth, unless it were in a coaster. I have been a precious fool all my life, Ben, and you need not try to persuade me that I have not; but I am going to try another tack from this time forward. 'It is never too late to mend,' as our good old landlady said to-night. For the next six months, if I live, I am bound to keep sober, for I promised you to do so, and I am going to try if I can, in the meantime, learn to be a navigator. It will be no use of my trying when I am off my sober tack, so now is the time if I am ever to do it." "Success to your resolution, Frank; I say that with all my heart." "Thank you, Ben; I'll try my best anyway. I have lately read in the Public Library yonder of lots of poor fellows who have risen to be great men in the world, and some of them had even less schooling than I had when I was a boy. I don't expect to be a great man, but if I can learn to work a ship's reckoning, I may by-and-bye get a mate's berth, and then I shall have better pay and less hard work. If you have any- thing to say against that honest scheme, out with it, shipmate." "I think it is a very sensible scheme, Frank. When are you going to begin your studies, and who is going to teach you?" "I am going home in the same ship with you, Ben, and I shall go as a steerage passenger; then my time will be all my own, and I can go to work like an almanac maker. I have money in my pocket, and no doubt I shall find some one on board who will give me all the teaching I want, if I pay for it. I have made up my mind, if I live, that I shall be able to say, before I am fifty years old, that I can navigate a ship to any part of the known world. But I won't keep you awake any longer with my yarns all about myself. Now turn over and go to sleep. Good night, my boy." CHAPTER XV. BEN AND FRANK START FOR ENGLAND. "This is the ship for us,' said Frank to his friend Ben, and at the same time he stopped before the Monarch, a large frigate-built ship, that was lying at the railway-pier, Sandridge. They had previously inspected all the other vessels that were laid on the berth for London. "This is the ship to my fancy, Ben. Perhaps she is not as fast as some of the big clippers that we have looked at, but she is a comfort- able ship in bad weather I'll warrant, and will stand well up under her canvas. A man may have a chance of walking her decks on two legs, and with a dry coat on his back. If we are a week or so longer on the passage it does not matter to us, so long as the pro- visions don't run short. We are not in a hurry." "I like that ship better, Frank," replied Ben, pointing to a smart Liverpool clipper, lying on the opposite side of the pier. "I daresay moSt landsmen would agree with you, messmate. She is a noble looking ship, and a fast sailer, no doubt; but I don't like her lean bow and her long sharp nose. She must be very wet in a sea- way; and many a poor sailor has had a cold dip when out on her jibboom, I'll be bound. She is a regular diver, Ben, and I don't like her half as well as I do this old frigate-built craft." "What beautiful long masts she has got, Frank!" "Yes they look very pretty, I own; but you would not admire their tautness so much if you were to make a voyage in her as an ordinary seaman. It is no joke to shin up to those skysail yards, and not very safe work either. If I were a captain I would never have a skysail set on board my ship. I hate all such dangerous shams, as much as I hate to see a sailor rigged out like a city dandy. It is a cold voyage sound Cape Horn, Ben; and, as I have been used to warm latitudes for many years, I should like to go home in a ship that would not always have water sluicing about her decks." After a little more discussion, Ben expressed him- self quite willing to go in the Monarch if Frank fancied her, so they went on board, and as all the steerage berths were disengaged they were allowed to take their choice. "Starboard side of the ship, Ben, my boy!" said Frank, as he put his mark on two berths. This will be the weather side in the trade winds, you know, and we shall have a chance of keeping our port open for fresh air, while the lee ports will perhaps be under water." After selecting their berths they went straightway to Melbourne, and bargained with the agent of the ship for their passage, £18 each; and were told to be on board on next Saturday night, as the ship would be towed to sea on Sunday morning. "Now we must go and lay in our sea stock, Ben, but first of all come along with me till I make a bargain for some nautical concerns that I was looking at yesterday." They entered a pawnbroker's shop in Elizabeth- street, and after a little haggling about the price, Frank bought a sextant, a telescope, a case of mathematical instruments, several books on naviga- tion, including "Norie's Epitome," and a lot of charts. The pawnbroker said the articles belonged to the second mate of an emigrant ship, who had gone cranky about a girl that came out in the ship with him. She had agreed to marry him, and after getting all his money from him to buy a wedding outfit, she cruelly gave him the slip. The poor fellow then pawned his effects and drank himself mad with the money. "He is now in Yarra Bend Asylum," added the pawnbroker, "so he won't want his tools again in a hurry, and I may as well let you have them. They are first-rate articles, as you can see. Now let me sell you a chronometer, Captain." "Ha! ha! Captain indeed!" laughed Frank. "I have not got so far aft yet, mister. I don't want a chronometer yet awhile. My old, silver-cased turnip will do me for this voyage; and if that should stop, the ship's bell will help me to keep my reckoning near enough. I will call for these things this evening." "We can carry them with us now, Frank; we are going straight home," said Ben. "Never mind, boy. I would rather come for them after dark. If I were to meet any of my old ship- mates they would be sure to laugh at me, with a sextant in my hand and a telescope under my arm. They would think I was showing off before strangers, for they know I am not a navigator, and they might play some practical joke on me for my bombasting, in the same style as the Yankee skipper was taken down, while I was lying in the port of Newcastle, some time ago." "How was he served, Frank?" "I will tell you how, Ben; though, mind you, I don't say it was fair play, if it was a good joke. He was well known to all the skippers in port as a regular 'Jack Brag.' According to his account, his vessel was a nonsuch, and all his crew were the smartest men in creation. He had a nice-looking, four-oared gjg that he was always boasting about, and he challenged any boat's crew in the port to pull against him round the red buoy for a hundred dollars. His challenge was at last accepted by the mate of a Melbourne collier, a real larking sort of character. The Yankee treated the collier with contempt; still, as the money was staked he thought he might as well take it, and punish them for their presumption. The boats started, amid much excitement from the crowds on the wharf, and, to the surprise of every one, the collier crew pulled along quite comfortably, and slipped ahead of the Yankee crew, who nearly pulled their eyes out, and swearing awfully all the while, because they could never get their smart gig within two cables length of the other boat, which won easily and pocketed the stakes. But when the Yankee came to hoist his gig to the davits again there was an old coal basket fastened to the middle of his keel. Some of the collier chaps had done it on the previous night; so it is no wonder that they so easily pulled ahead of the smart gig. Of course the rival crews had a fight over it, so altogether it was a rare bit of fun for the sporting blades of Newcastle. Now if some of my old shipmates were to see me cruising down Elizabeth-street, and were to fasten a swab or an old tar brush to my coat tail, it would take the shine out of me for showing off in broad daylight with my nautical tools, which I have not yet learned to handle properly. Let the things stay here, Ben, and I will come for them this evening." Ben's frequent visits to the magnificent Public Library in Melbourne had given a wonderful stimulus to his desire for useful knowledge, and his relish for books was greater than he had ever before expressed. Soon after leaving the pawnbroker's shop he called at a bookseller's store and laid out four pounds in serviceable books, including the "Popular Educator." "You look as if you mean to be a scholar, Ben," remarked Frank, as they walked homeward, Ben carrying his parcel of books under his arm. "I hardly expect to be a great scholar, Frank, but I should like to know a little more of the wonders of the world I live in; and I am going to employ my three months' of leisure on shipboard to some advan- tage. I have dawdled away too much of my time, and I am determined to turn over a new leaf. It is never too late to learn, you know, Frank." "It is a good job for you that you have come to that stand before your hair is as grey as mine, Ben; because you have so much less to unlearn. And I am thinking, it is a lucky thing for both of us that we came to Melbourne; for having the free run of that fine library yonder has put new brains into our heads, or roused up our old stock; and living in that godly and righteous old woman's house has done my heart more good than a volume of printed sermons could do." "It has affected my heart too," said Ben, with a slight sigh, which his companion evidently under- stood, for he replied seriously, "I guessed as much Ben. But steer steadily there, shipmate! Unless you have a notion of coming back again to this land, don't say or do anything that will make that poor little girl's heart sad after we are gone, for that would be as cruel sport as shooting albatrosses at sea, and leaving the poor broken-winged birds to starve on the water." "Don't fret about that, Frank, I never could imagine how that kind of wanton cruelty could be called sport, though I have seen some men who delighted in it; nor can I believe that a man who would trifle with a young girl's affections has an atom of honest principle in his heart. If I cannot do that lass any good, I will never do her any harm, Frank. It would be a barbarous return for all the kindness we have received from her kind mother and herself." On Saturday evening Ben and Frank said farewell to Mrs. and Miss Blake, and started in a car for Sand- ridge, with all their luggage, and went on board the Monarch. At daylight next morning two steam-tugs came alongside and took the ship in tow, and by 4 o'clock in the afternoon they were at sea, dashing along on their course for Cape Horn, before a fresh north-easterly breeze. Frank had never before been on board ship as a passenger, and it seemed very strange to him to be inactive at the sound of the boatswain's whistle. On one or two occasions he checked himself when in the act of springing up the rigging, at the call to rig out studding-sail booms. He resolved not to go aloft, unless in a case of absolute emergency, but he was always willing to give a pull at a rope on deck; and help from his practised hands was more acceptable to the crew than the jerky efforts of three ordinary passengers who had not learned to pull together. There were three midshipmen on board, two of whom were of the careless, rollicking sort, and spent most of their time when off duty smoking and playing at cards, or lying in their berths, reading books which were not calculated to inspire them with honest, manly principles. They owned that they had been sent to sea because they were unmanageable on shore. They had no taste for their profession, and took no pride in learning it. But the third and eldest of them—the son of a clergyman—was a very steady youth, of opposite tastes to his companions, with whom he did not mess very agreeably. He had chosen the sea in preference to any other profession, and he showed promise of becoming an expert seaman. His spare hours below were devoted to studies in naviga- tion and other scientific objects; and as the midship- men's berth was not a very desirable place for a quiet student, when his messmates were in it, he was often very glad to get into the starboard side of the steerage, which Ben and Frank had all to themselves, as there were only two other steerage passengers, a man and his wife, who occupied the port side. Nothing could have happened more fortunate for Frank and Ben, for Mr. Willis (the friendly midshipman) was a very obliging young gentleman, and most willingly agreed to instruct Frank in navigation; and also to help Ben to master some of the difficulties in his course of self- education; indeed he seemed to take a pride in his dull pupils, and was amply repaid for his attention to them, by the assiduity and the fair progress that they made in their several studies. Thus the first half of their voyage was passed both agreeably and profit- ably. "I do not wonder a bit, Ben, that passengers on long voyages so often get cross and quarrelsome," said Frank, as he and his friend Ben sat under the lee of the long-boat one warm afternoon. They had been about two months at sea, and the ship was slowly sailing before a north- east trade wind. "I don't think I would go another voyage as a passenger if I were offered a free passage and half pay to boot; for an idle life is misery to me. All my limbs seem to be getting rusty for want of work, like a steam- engine that has been standing still for two years." "But you have not been idle since you came on board, Frank. Until the heat of the tropics has driven us up from our schoolroom, I consider that we have both stuck to our books like good boys; and Mr. Willis has said as much. You are out of trim just now, Frank; the extreme heat and close study have affected your head a little, no doubt. I don't feel quite well myself, but a few days rest from our books, and a little more exercise on deck. will put us to rights; and when we run into a cooler climate we shall be able to go at our studies again with fresh vigour." "I dare say you are right, Ben. It is no joke for an old chap like me to sit down at schoolboy's work for eight weeks on a stretch. It is not so hard for you, because your mind is elastic, but mine is like a strand of old junk—it is precious hard to get the turns out of it." "But you have shown that your mind is still cap- able of effort, Frank," replied Ben, encouragingly; "Mr. Willis told me he is surprised at the progress you have made in trigonometry in so short a time; and he says you will make a good navigator after you have had a little more practice. He is proud of you, as a pupil, I can tell you." "I am glad he is pleased, Ben; he has had lots of patience with me, and I shall always owe him my gratitude. The first tackling into hard dry lessons on navigation was like sitting down in a dentist's arm- chair to have a lot of stumps pulled out; but I have conquered the worst part, and I will stick to it till the end of the voyage. If I never master courage enough, to pass an examination for a mate's certificate, the little knowledge I have picked up cannot do me any harm, and it will have saved me from dawdling about the decks, yarning about small stuff and non- sense with the crew, and smoking myself stupid for want of some active occupation. Work is a great blessing to a man, Ben. You may put that down in your log-book as a fact, although I do believe that some fellows in the world think it would be almost as good as heaven itself to have nothing to do but smoke all day long. Yes, work is a boon to mankind, no doubt, Ben, but I am blessed if I like working up logarthims; I would rather be tarring down the rigging." 