QUEANIBEYAN ANNUAL' ,AOES. (Front te. Age.) IT is now some years sinco the patrons of tho turf in Queanbeyan had an aniual on their own trysting ground. This circumstance is owing doubtless not so much to the decadence of the spirit of the turf in the district as to the fact that annual moot races of a high character being regularly kept up at Bungon doro, that moeet had in some sense come to boe rogarded as the annual races for the distriot of Quoanbhyan. After several abortive attempts to revive the nnnual contests at Quoanboyan, the lovers of the pastime have this year realised the satisfaction of seeing that their labours have not been altogether in vain. One noticoable feature in the arrangements for this year's races is the wisdom ot fixing the event so that owners of horses entered or intended to be entered for races to come off in neighbouring places about the same time, could enter for the prizes offered in the Quoanboyan programme. Thus, just after the Oooma annual races come those of our own town, and the next week those of Bungondoro, to be followed immediately after by the annual meeting at Braidwood. It is owing in part to this nice arrange. ment that Quoanbeyan has boon nble to boost of so good a field-of horses this weok ; and thosoe in whoso hands lies the management of our local races will no doubt do their part to make thingsidovo-tail in like mannor on alrsubeequent o?insioons, . For somo weolis pst m-ihh" iEtfoost d'iui beoh: evinced in the than approacohing.raooe.--Tho officials have boon busy in maturing all nooessory arrange ments, and all things woro done to a turn. Publicane and other caterers for the supply of the appetite's cravings also did their part as well as could be desired. Indeed, nothing oppears to havo boon loft undone to render the Queonboyan annual races of 1872 as perfoot and satisfactory as anything of the kind could be. Some days preceding the races the weather had boon changeable and threatening. Just so much rain fell as was necossary to change the hard-baked surface of the course into that state of plianoy which is most favourable to the hoof of the horse. Though it still threatened on Sunday to rain, on MIonday the day broke delightfully; and if the crowds who visited the course had made a kind of weathor to suit their wishes, they could not have boon better anocom modated than they were on MIonday and Tuesday last. Prior to the first day of the races, many visitors had come to town; and early on Monday morning the town was all astir. First of all, drays and carts plied to and fro betwoon the course and the town with the various noeessaries for the body comfort of the visitors. Just before the hour of races, high-bred and boaufiful animals, carefulljy covered and in the hands of cnroful grooms, wore led out for the decisive trial of ,thoir respective powers. Next came a rush .of coaches and carriages of all Borts filled with well-dressed ppoplo of all sorts and both sexes. Horsemen and horsowomen, and oven foot passengers, completed the variety of enthusiastic ileasure-ecokers who on both days of the races veidoed their way to thbo Jorrabomborra course. During the first day's races the concoutso of spec tators was very large. Tho bhost ordorprovailed, and the racing was highly saltisfactoy. Wo append the events: oIIST DAY, MONDAY, APRIL 1eT. First racoe.-Maiden Plnto of 30 eove., with a sweopstakes of 2 sovs. each, for all maiden horses at time of entrance ; second horse to receive the sweep; one mile and a-half; weight for age. Dlr. Coegrovc's b o. Reprieve, yrs., st. si. . . ..... 1 \-- Yatse's b. . Revengc,2yrs., 5ot. 12 lb.................. 2 \- utledgo's b. g. Panlc, 3 yrs. t st. O tb .................a \- Davls's g. g. Whalebonoe, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2 tlb. Reprieve, who ran under a 7 lb.,ponalty for winning at Cooma since his entrance, -?as a favouritg from the beginning, and notwithstanding a contretemps at the start which almost resulted in a boil-over-Re priove well- nigh coming to grief by a fall-he kept his character as favourite, and oame in an easy winner. Revenge was a good second, though run ning under a 5 lb. penalty for winning at Gundaroo, leaving Panic and Whalebono eovqral lengths be hind. The friends of the Mlonaro horeo exprssoed some diesatisfaction at tho heavy handicapping to which he had been subjected; but the iesult proved the discrotion of the stowards to be right in this re spect. Seoond raco.--The Pony Race of 10 sove., for all ponies fourtoon hands and under; mile hoeats; catch weights. lIr. Palmerto g. m. Sylph, aged--......... . ?..` ..2..... \- latl'se. 0 . Sydny, agd .............. ............. 2 3 \- Leahy's b. g. UHopping Joe, aged ................... 3 1 Hopping Joe was disqualified as being above the ad vertised height. Sydney was favourite upon eight; but was easily beaten by Sylph.., Joe moade a capitanl show, and but for his being disqualified would have maintained easily a second place in the race. Third race.-The Publicans' Purse of 25 sovo., with a sweepstakes of 2 Bova. each for all horses, to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint ; twice round; one event; second horse to receive the swoop. Mr. Cogsrove's c. 0. R. dwick, 4 yrn, 9 at ................... 1 \- eahy'n b g. BlaookJtak, aged, O ct. lb .......,...... 2 \- LCtcl's 0.. . Artax.rxs, nged, 7 st. \- ltutledgo's hr. h. Coroola, 4 years, 8 nt. 4 lb. Great trouble was experiencod in offecting a start in this race, and eventually Black Jack had to be led to the start by a horseman, who unfortunately crossing Carwoola put that horse out of the race, which otherwise would have lain between' Orwoola and Jack. As it was, Randwick was an' easy winner, beating the black gelding by two or three lengths. Artaxerxes, notwithstanding his light handicap, made no show and was in fact altogether out of the raco. Fourth Ruco.--Hacle Race of 10 sove. for all hacke, the winner to be sold by public auction imme dialely after the race for 10 ovse., any surplus to go to the race fund. SIil hboats, weight for age, post entrance. Dtr. Ya, s's b.g. P'lanet, aged, 0,t. 1 ib ................ 1 1 \- lBrock'et oh.m. COmlll, i yers, yo.t. lib.......2.. \- Davlln'a b.m. Crippte, 3years, Ost. Lb.......... 2 \-- Cosgrov'cs g,.g. Ohotnd, aed t 11b .0...:.....-.. 3 8 '?Daris's g~m, Lynlls, egsQDI Bt lib. From the outset Planet proved himeoolf an overmatch for his rivals in ha okl race, eaosily winning both heats in a center. In the flirt he was followed by Camilla, who rmnad0 a desperate rush to overtako her antagonist but without avail. In the second heat there woe great racing for the third ploo betwoeen Ghost and Camillo, resulting no will bo soon inll victory for the Ghost. This being a rseling strkes, the winner, Planet,. wos..put up to nuotion, and bought in by hie owner fof. 12 7e. With tils raco ended .thliirst day's programme ; and directly afterwards the courso began to wear a deserted appnarance, and the town, which during the day wos more than half emrptied of its population, became a soone of lifo and bustle. 