Oommnrion for purposes connected with the Exhibition at present, bat in the event. of snen a necessity arising a further eommunication will oe made to you on the subject As regard your emniiry if this Government intend to take any, and if so, what steps towards a united Exhibrtwri of Australian exhibits in London, I have also the honour to inform you that as there appears to be ?ome considerable difficulty in secunDK the com. bined action in this matter of the several Austra lian Colonies whose co-operation has been already invited, and as it is believed that tobe of any service MiteT action should be taken by all the cSoSes interested in . the exhibition of their Several products, it has been deemed advi sable toinstiuct the Agent-General for the colony to make such arrangements with the additions authorized to be made to the QueeeBland Annexe as may be considered necessary for the Droner exhibition of Queensland products irrespec tive of the other Australian Colonies.' He would also read a telegram of October 9 from Mr. Francis, Chief Secretary of Victoria, which said:— 'This Government have agreed to place £2,000 on Esti mates towards joint Australian Annexe. Govern ments of New South Wales and Queensland have not notified their intentions definitely.' The last he would trouble them with was dated October 10, from the Sydney Colonial Secietary, who said:— 'It is intended to ask Parlia ment to vote £2,000 towards Australian Annexe. A Commission to prepare exhibits has been appointed by this Government, but its expendi ture will be limited by Parliamentary sanction.' So tbat it really appeared that nothing definite was determined now. The Government position was this- If they could get the other colonies to join in the Annexe they would co-operate; but until the other colonies joined they could not Bay what they would dt\qa««i the House thought they should join wiiS/VKtona alone, although to that he thonshVftere were. grave objections. If Queens land and New' South Wales were going to send their exhibits to the General Show, he thought it would be well for this colony to do the same: but if they joined with Victoria he thought it would be veil for this colony to co-operate with them. From tbeEe specimens of the correspondence it would be seen that the Ministry had been stirring the other Governments up to united action. While he would not like them to be omitted from a General Annexe, he hoped there would not be too much enthusiasm for Exhibitions, for if they could not make a good show there was more harm than good. The meagrene6S of their exhibits at Paris excited ridicule, and not admiration. He thought the language of the hon. member was hardly suitable, and he did not know but that it would be better to leave the matter in the hands of the Government; but they could not oppose the motion, because it accorded with their action. The flon. A. BLYTH said it was perfectly true that he had amended his motion at the suggestion of the Treasurer; but he was not in the habit of repeating private conversations. If any credit was due to the Treasurer, he was perfectly willing to fd\p it; but he did not think that the Treasurer or the Government were the most ready in acknow ledging ideas they adopted from others, and so the objection did not come well from them. This simply arose from the fact that they did net answer fully and fairly the questions he put the other day, Mr. CARR regretted haviag to oppose the motion. There was expense connected with these Exhibition?, and he saw little benefit to the country. If they had imposing manufactures it would be different, but they had nothing but wheat, wool, and copper, which were sufficiently known, and these raw materials, with the addition of wine, would look paltry beside the more various exhibits of other countries. He had looked in vain to see any practical benefit arise from these ex hibitiogs, and would oppose the motion. The motion was carried, the House resumed, and the resolution was reported and agreed to. INSTITUTE AT PORT AUGUSTA. In Committee. Mr. MORTLOCE having amended his motion, moved— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His.Excellency to recom mend this House to make provision in the Esti mates for the year 1873, to an extent not exceeding 1300, for the purpose of supplementing a like amount to be raised by the inhabitants of Port Augusta, the whole to be expended in the erection of an Institute.' The House had affirmed the principle of always being willing to help those who were willing to help in improving their species, and he thought it would be well, therefore, if they confirmed that judicious resolution. (Laughter.) Mr. WATTS begged to Bupport the motion which his hon. colleague Mr. Mortlock had brought forward. There would be no objection he imagined to carrying the motion, the Government in very many instances before having allowed motions of similar character to be acceded to. There could be no doubt that these Institutes were of very great value to the districts in which, they were placed. He did not think he need say more than that he hoped the Government would allow the motion to be carried. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) said the Government had no objection to the motion being carried. Carried. The House adjourned at a quarter-past 5 till next Tuesday. renicni'e*ed that Ansley wa* little more than 60 miles from Lacepede Kar :-r«i 200 miles hv rail from Uie Victorian seabo rd, it mast be admitted that this colony bad an immense advantage in the competition. The idea that the traffic from the South-East would go to Victoria was a dream.1' lie thought he could conclusively show that there was not much chance of Victorian traffic ever coming to South Australia, (Mr. Derrington— 'Hear, hear.') The rate of carriage provided by Act was a shilling per ton per mile, so from the Border that wouia be £3 6s. for carriage alone. Another thing was that freight at Hobson's Bay was less than it was at any South. Australian port. He had lately forwarded a large quantity of wool to Lacepede Bay, prepared to ship it to Adelaide; but ascertain* ing that at Melbourne the average rate of freight was a farthing less per pound, and as the merchants here would not come to the same terms, be sent the wool to Melbourne. The difference of the farthing would be £2 6s. 8d. per ton. The steamer freight from Lacepede Bay was £2 5s. 6d., and lighterage £1, which would make in all £8 ISs. 2d. per ton freight for wool. When Victoria extended her railway towards the Border she would carry it for half what we could, and she had always shown herself quite capable of looking after her own trade. The railways here had always been worked at a loss, whilst in Victoria they had been worked at from 4 to 4} per cent, profit. Another advantage, too. that they would have over us was that from Ballarat to the Border their line would pass through good productive country, whereas our line would pass through some of the most worthless land in the colony. Mr. Can, in his speech, said : —'At a very moderate estimate there were nerth and north-east of Narracoorte, including the Tatiara ccuntry, which must send its produce to market this way, and which had been described in a petition laid before the House as the best agri cultural land in that part of the colony, 220.000 acres more suitable for agriculture, and surveys were still proceeding.' He would not say what his own opinion cf the Tatiara was ; but when the hon. member said the traffic from it must go by way of Narracoorte. he did not show a very familiar know ledge of what he was talking about. (Mr. Der rington— 'Hear, hear.') From the south-east corner of the new area to Lacepede Bay was only 44 milea. It was 54 from Lacepede Bay to Narra coorte, and 56 from Narracoorte to Vrerrigee, so that instead of going 44 miles to a port, according to the hon. member, they wou!d go nearly 100. The settlers in that part of the country had as much claim for the conveyance of their produce to the seaboard as those about Narracoorte, and the people on the drained lands would also require the same convenience, but he scarcely thought the country was in a position to afford expensive tramway communication to every one of those places. He was sure the hon. member Air. Conner would support the motion; fora short time ago, when he was a candidate for the South-Ea3tern District, he said at a meeting at Mount Gambier:—' He ap peared before them that evening to correct a mis understanding with regard to his opinions on the subject of railways in the South-East, and also to expose some of the fallacies laid before them that night. He would tell them honestly and fairly that when he appeared before them on the 21st he knew little about Mount Gambler. He came into their town on that occasion late at night, and conse quently did not have an opportunity of viewing its magnitude and importance. He had previously been informed that it was larger than Narracoorte and a little larger than Penola, but he had not the most remote idea they were such an influential portien of South Australia. He was telling them the honest truth. They were aware that the railway matter was a cunning scheme of the people of Ade laide and the Government to blind the people of the South-East to their real requirements.' He then referred to Mr. Cotton's statement, and said :- 'This showed that the Government had no inten tion of carrying out the scheme, but merely brought it forward as a catspaw. If he was re turned it would be his bounden duty to ask the Government— and he would not be afraid to do so —what was their scheme of internal communica tion for the South-East. If it was only to be a railway from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte he should be opposed to it, and should be ready to move an amendment to the effect that it was not what the South-East required or demanded ; but he believed there would be common justice inthenew Parliament, and that it would not put forward such a scheme. He thoughtthat if the two members for the South-East Btrenuously opposed such a scheme they would have sufficient power to put it down : they could bring facts and figures before the House sufficiently strong in their favour. And they would have the colony to back them in their endeavours.' This he iepeated at other meetings, and so he was perfectly sure the hon. member wouH Bupport the motion. His own idea always had been, and still was, that they should endeavour as far as they possibly could to attach the South- Eastern District to Adelaide. That would not be done by a railway from Lacepede Bay; what he had always advo cated was a line gointr north and south. It would pass through good land till it came to Tatiara. it could skirt that district, and they could make a road from that direction on towards Adelaide. Until something of that sort was done the South East would never be attached to South Australia as he wished to see it ; and if a scheme of a much less expensive nature than had been proposed was brought before the House no one would be more happy to see it pass than he should. Mr. CARR felt somewhat unprepared for a debate on this subject It had been so thoroughly exhausted in a series of debates which took place last session that he scarcely thought the hon. member was wise in opening the question. He certainly assigned most singular grounds for wishing to repeal the Act which was passed. The principal reason was, he believed, that there was a difference of opinion on the question; but that was the very reason why it occupied so much of the time of the House, and after a most careful examination of the different opinions, they arrived at what he believed was the satisfactory solution of the question. The hon. member's feeble repeti tions— mere ghosts of arguments— reminded him of what Macbeth said— 'The times have been That when the brains were out the man would die, And there an end ; but now they rise again, With twenty mortal murders on their crowns/' The hon. member said there was a difference of opinion as to the gauge; but he believed those who supported the 3 ft. 6 in. gauge were still of the same opinion, and the success of the Port Waketield Tramway had confirmed them in it. With regard to the excessive cost of the line, he did not believe it would be more than £5.000 became of the rise in the price ot iron ; but was that any reason why they should repeal the Act? The hon. member said be would not object if the railway could be made for something like the cost of the Wallaroo Tramway; but he thought they should improve oa that. It was cheap, but also nasty, and it was well known it required relaying now. As to the fact of their railways not having paid so well as the Wallaroo Tramway, that line was in exceptional circum stances, and had the great advantage of being worked by horse-power. He felt quite aure, if the Port line had been worked with horse-power and light carriages instead of the heavy and expansive locomotives, that instead of being worked at a very small profit on the working expenses— for the fact was that they had got a return for their outlay, except in one or two years— their profits would have been far greater. He felt that the hon. member in putting the ques tion of roads versus tramways was merely seeking to delay the settlement of this question. (No and cheers.) The hon. member might think that delay was the proper course, and might conscientiously advise it; but he thoughtthat something should be done for the settlers in the South-East— (Hear, hear)— and to enable them to compete with the Victorian lines in conveying produce to the sea* board, and he thought it was satisfactorily proved that tramways would be the roads of the future. Mr. Biddoch spoke of the earthworks that would be necessary upon the line; but would not earth works have to be made on a somewhat expensive scale for a main road? They would not have to be so deep, but considerably broader. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member spoke of cutting a canal and making earthworks with what was got out of it. One would think that he had never travelled over the road between Lace pede Bay and Is'arracoorte. Did he seriously think that a canal could be made without con siderable tunnelling, without immense excavations in the limestone ridges -which were the great difficulty in the case of a tramway. As to the offer to construct a cheap road, it was unfortunate that the Mount Ganibier Road Board had never made cheap roads when it bad the chance— (Hear, hear, and a laugh)-but they had spent soinethin? like JE2.0CO per mile. Mr JRiddoch had objtcted to the returns he quoted, and thought they were caoked |yMr. Cooke, of Lacepede Bay. (Hear, hear.) cut the returns were Government documents, and he should not have thought that a gentleman so considerate and careful as the hon. member would intimate that the Surveyor-General had allowed Mr. Cooke to tamper with Government documents, and he certainly believed that the Surveyor- General would not falsify a return for any reason whatever (Cheers.) When he (Mr. Carr) viaited the South East he was somewhat prejudiced in favour of a line from Narracoorte to Penola, and from Peaola to Bivoli Bay, but from examination of the country he came to the conclusion that that was not a wise scheme. Be had a practical engineer with him who was well acquainted with the country and able to gwe him any scientific information, and he came to the conclusion that the best wav to meet the wants of the district was by a direct hue from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte. Mr. Rid loch had given him a reason for the view he took by showing that a large farmer, Mr. Ronald Macdonald, found it- to his advantage, to take all his wheat to Narracoorte. This railway would be not merely the outlet for the produc ? of a few faimeis iouna -JSarracuorte— (tiear, hear)— hut it would open up the South- East, which was i he highway into the Victorian territory. (Hear, hear, and a laugh ) He thought Mr. Singleton's report had had more notice than it deserved. The hon. member for Light (Mr Conner) had been in the district and got some facts as to Mr. Singleton's report — (Hear, hear) — and he should leave the matter to him to deal with But did the hon. member for Victoria really think that Is. per ton per mile would be charged for carriage? That was the maximum, but only a quarto of that amount wa3 charged on other South Australian railways, and the ordinary charge would be made on this. He did not think that the hon. member would be guilty of an inten tional misrepresentation, but how he could make such a mistake he could not for the life of him understand. He understood from Mr. Eiddoch that it was to his advantage to ship wool from Lacepede Bay, and that showed the natural advan tage of the place. It was an important matter for the merchants to consider, but not for the Parliament, where the goods went when they had brought them to nature's great highway the sea. In reference to the quality of the land for agri cultural settlement in the Tatiara District, he could not speak from personal observation, but he had previously read a petition numerously signed by residents whose statements had not been impugned. He did not see the necessity for going into this question again, which had been settled after serious consideration; and the great respect he felt for the hon. member for Victoria would not prevent him from dividing the House against him. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) should not be able to support the motion. (Hear, hear.) He did not profess to have any intimate know ledge of the South-East. He had been in the district, but his knowledge was so limited that he did not pretend to be a judge of the direction a line of railway should take, although in common with other members he had read what bad been written upon the Bubject. But he took this ground, that the House, after full deliberation, had passed an Act determining that there should be a railway be tween two particular points, and he did not think he should be doing his duty if he assisted in over throwing it. (Hear, hear.) If the hon. member had wished to introduce a Bill to amend the Act, he should have supported him, reserving the right to deal with the proposed amendments as they came on ; but this was a motion to sweep the Act out of the Statute-book altogether, and he was not prepared to support a proposition of that kind. He Knew that it was not usual to refuse permission to an hon. member to introdace a Bill, but he was sure the hos. member would not think him guilty of any discourtesy in refusing in this instance, as this was simply an attempt to repeal the Act— to blot out of the Statute-book what had been placed upon it, after full and deliberate consideration, by persons better acquainted with the subject than he (Mr. Barrow) was, and he thought it would be wrong for him to assist in unconditionally repealing an Act passed by persons more experienced than himself. He regretted that the hon. member had not brought in a different motion— to amend the Act, because he had pointed out some respects in which it needed amending. He (Mr. Barrow) saw one statement in it that would involve them in difficulty— that the coBt should not exceed £150,000 —and they knew it could not be done for that money. (Mr. Derrington—' Hear, hear.') Mr. CONNER said that although he had more or lessfearof 'Geoffry' before his eyes-(Hear, hear)— he felt bound to make some observations. He had been told by a member who was generally characterized by courtesy that when at Narra* coortehe had told the farmers that they were in a bad position owing to Mr. Singleton's reports, and advised them to fabricate a report for the House. He did not think that the argument of the hon. member required much answer. The determined opposition against this railway by the members for Mount Gambier was well known. (Mr. Derrington —'The members for Victoria.') For Victoria then; that was the proper name. It was quite evident, he thought, when the previous debate was on, that the general feeling was that the work should be proceeded with, and the Government stated that they would proceed with the Bill; but cot in its original form, as tbey wished to amalgamate it with a larger measure. It was suddenly found out that the gauge was wrong, but if they were all to turn engineers where was the matter to end? The Commissioner of Public Works and the Engineer-in-Chief were responsible in the matter. It was said that the price of iron had risen ; but since the Engineer-in-Uhief made bis estimate it had only risen £2 10s. per ton, and he was informed that the best authority now in the colony stated that the line could be made for £3,000 a mile. There was a disagreement about the termini; but it was impossible to take the rail way to every man's door, and if they did the greatest good for the greatest number it was all the public could require. He did not think that any one would have been so far behind the age as to advance a proposition for a metalled road considering the amount needed for mainttnance and the want ef return; but he should not remark upon that, as he did not think the temper of the House was to make a road in that part of the country. This was a very serious matter, and he intended to take action in the House with regard to the report sent by Mr. Singleton, and he would prove that it was abso lutely and altogether false from beginning to end. He had a return of the amount of land under crop by each farmer, the amount damaged, &c;, from which he found that there were 8.149 acres under crop in the three areas, and 162 acres were damaged and nearly lost— he would say lost for the sake of argument Mr. Sinaleton stated of one farm in the Hundred of Hynam that 2 10 acres were in a per fect Btate of slush, but the farmer alluded to stated that he had not lost a single acre. He (Mr. Conner) was not one to cook reports -he had seen every one of the farms referred toby Mr. Singleton, and he would put his personal knowledge against his. It was an unpleasant thing to have said of him that he had cooked these reports. He had not charged Mr. Riddoch with cooking Mr. Singleton's report, tie might, if he had likeil, spoken of the intimacy between Mr. Hiddoch aud Air. Siugleton, but he would not have brought himself down so low. Such allusions bad, however, been made. His reason for going to the Soulh-Kast was that there were some old friends of hia there, and he wanted to see how things were. He had a letter from Mr. Hinckley, a Magistrate of the colony, dated 21st September, in which be stated—' We are to have a meeting to-day, re Singleton's report, which is about the most monstrous docu ment I have had the pleasure of reading for seme time ; however, the auiraus with, which, it is written will defeat the ot-J2ct in view. The crops here are improving daily; we have had a few nice showers, but could do with a good soaking rain, which would do an immense amount of good now.' He admitted that when the hon. member for Victoria and himself visited the district there was a perfect sea of water, but when he (Air. Conner) left the mail and came to the farms- he found upon that of Mr. Robertson, taken up three years ago under Strangways' Act, a go a crop, and, as far as he could guess, about three or four acres were under a small quantity of water out of two very large paddocks. Many of the farmers had constructed small drains at their o*n cost, and Mr. feingletou showed his want of know ledge of practical farming- the statement he made was the most monstrous he ever heard in his life —by stating that a man saved his crop by draining. But that was ab-urd, as the drains were only of very email size And they had been told that the whole country was under flood, and all tbe farmers were leaving. He could prove that that was not the case. There were a great mauy farmers there, and he had re ceived a letter from the Farmers' Club — (Mr. Derrington- 'How many in the Farmers' Club?') There could be no greater proof of the hon. mem ber's ignorance of his district than the fact that he did not know how many farmers were members of the Club. The Club was sufficiently important to be able to Rive a statement as to the crop of every man in the area, and how much he had last He now would read the following letter from Mr. Thos. Agar, dated 23rd September:— ' We had a meeting on Saturday about Singleton's report, and con demned it pretty freely, and at this meeting adopted the enclosed petition, which will give you an opportunity to contradict the statements in the report, and which we request you to present to the House, as we have no representative of our own. We can assure you that our feelings on this subject are very mildly expressed in this document, as the universal feeling here is that it is a moBt monstrous document, and conveys a most erroneous impression, as we may safely say that the crops never looked better, though of course here, as everywhere else, some placeB have suffered more or less. With regard to the returns as published, there must be some great mistake about it. After last harvest all the mem bers of the Farmers1 Club met together to form an estimate of thequantity.of wheat in this district for their own guidance as to selling; the amount of 80.000 bushels was arrived at as (he amount on hand, and this is to be relied on as correct. The last harvest was not favourable on account of the laid crops, and we think 150,000 will be a safe estimate for next season.' He thought in the report of last year Mr. Boothby was a little wrong, but he believed he was right this year in estimating 150.000 bushels for next Eeason. They had been told about the Tatiara, and it did the hon. gentieman great credit, who was a Tatiara squatter, to advocate the opening up of that land for agricultural settlement. He con gratulated him as the farmers' friend in wishing, the railroad to go through the Tatiara. It was a most unselfish proposal, as the hon. member must know that it would be more to his advantage if the land was not taken up. (Mr. Riddoch-' No.') Well, the hon. gentleman knew best ; but such a proposal for the good of his country was an act of generosity which would redound to his credit for all time. (Laughter.) But if the delay of the rail way would prevent the opening up of the Tatiara tnere might be two sides to the matter. The non. member was aware that it would be a long Kk J*f0T? tbe Hou^t would Sive a railway to latiara. It waa enough for them to construct one to meet the wants of farmers to whom it had been promised. It would 1»e better, therefore, if they Rave a railroad to Narracoorte, which at any rate would be half-way to the Tatiara, and half a loaf was better than no bread, although he admitted there might be a nearer road to Lace pede Bay from Tatiara than through Narracoorte. The Treasurer thought that a private member should have brought forward a resolution for amending the Act But when did the Treasurer find the clause could not be acted upon? for although he had brought in a Loan Bill for raifling this £150,000, which had passed its first reading and was awaiting its second reading, he had not told them that the clause m the Bill could not be acted on. He trusted the House would not take that supposed difficulty into consideration, and that they would refuse dis tinctly to consent to a Bill being introduced to repeal the Act. What he said at Mount Gambier was wrongly reported. He said that that side of the diBtrict had as great a right to be represented as this side of the district, and he advocated a rail way to Lacepede Bay provided there was also communication given between Penola and Mount Gambier. Mr. DERRINGTON felt he was at a disadvan tage in dealing with the subject, because it had so frequently been brought forward in previous sessions, But he felt it his duty as a member of the South-East to meet, and bo far as be could rebut, some of the statements which had been made. At the outset he affirmed that the members of the South-East had no desire to prevent Narracoorte and the people resident in that neighbourhood having proper means of com munication with the seaboard. He would not go over the differences of local opinion as to the direc tion tbe railway Bhould take or the character of its construction, but he would refer to the fact that the cost of material had so largely increased lately that it became a question whether they should not reconsider the subject altogether. He thought there was good ground for taking, that course when the Treasurer paid one clause in the Bill would necessarily have to be amended to work the measure; and before that could be done he (Sir. Derringten) thought they vrould have to repeal the Bill. (No.) At any rate, the Bill as it was would not meet the case; and not only would it need altering, as the Treasurer had stated, but also in relation to the termini of the line; for if the railway were taken to Kingston it would be a constant source of expense to those using it on account of the great amount of lighterage required; while, if it were taken by the proposed alternative line to six miles south of Kingston, there was deep water close to the shore. It had been represented as an extraordinary thing that the members of the South-East should be against a work for their district-(Hear, hear) -and it was added that when a question of expenditure arose the members for the district should ask no ques tions, but get the money if they could. He claimed for himself and his colleague a different and more conscientious mode of procedure to that. They felt it their duty to look not only to the present local wants of the place, but also to its future, and not only to consider individual interests, but also the general interests of the colony. On that ground they were justified in arguing against a scheme which was as it now stood most un desirable. Others had said that this must be carried out even if it were a mistake, or there would be a ireach of faith. If it were the only breach of fath committed by the House there would be more weight in the argument, but when there was on the Statute-book a Bill for a Mount Gambier railroad, which it had never been attempted to carry out, to his mind there was ample precedent for their reconsidering this matter. There would be no breach of faith at all, as they were still desirous of giving to the Narra coorte people a good and easy mode of access to the seaboard. He had been surprised at the ardent Bupport given to this Bill by so many members who had never seen the district, and did not knDw its requirements. He had asked him self how this arose, when lion, members had not had the opportunity of beating up the place like the hon. member for Light (Mr. Conner), who had been made so much ef, and who had been honoured with a public dinner; when, too, they had not had the honour of standing for the district and receiving a thorough defeat as tbe hon. member had, who was defeated because of his expressed views upon this very question; and when, further, they had not had the advantage of distinctly, changing their views as that hon. gentleman had most certainly done. He could not understand under these circumstances how hon. members supported the measure when they could not know the requirements of the district and he said that with all respect for the House as a whole. Something had been said about the incorrectness of Mr. Boothby* s returns; but no one would impugn the accuracy of that gentleman's reports, when they formed a valuable book of reference not only in the colony, but beyond its limits. But if aDy inaccuracy did exist where did it arise? Was it Mr. Boothby's fault, or waa it not more the fault of the farmers who had furnished him with returns? He would not say the hon. member had changed liis views because he was not returned for the South-East, or that he was not returned because the Mount Gambier people were not perfectly reliant on the honesty of the views he expressed, or prepared to believe all he said in the haste of the moment. He would not say that; but at all events, a change of his views had taken place upon the railway question, and he was surprised the hon. member had not answered the quotation of his hon. colleague in a way more satisfactory. The lion, member Mr. Carr had attempted to demolish the arguments of his hon. colleague. He expressed the opinion that it was not wise to reopen a question which had already been so amply discussed, and upon which a decision was not arrrived at until after careful consideration and great deliberation. He spoke of a pale and feeble repetition of arguments, of ghosts of objections upon this matter, and when he could go no further in prose he actually burst into poetry aud gave them a gratuitous quotation, which was probably appropriate enough, as all that hon. gentleman's statements were. But he (Mr. Derrington) would like to deal with one part of the hon. gentleman's lemarks. The excess of cost in the construction ot the i ail way now would be very great because of the advance in the price of iron which had taken place. If hon. members would look at the esti mates for the construction of the line, as made by the Engineer, they would see that the cost of rails alone was put down at £85,600. It was au admitted fact that iron had risen from 70 to 80 per cent in value since the time that estimate was made. Yet the bon. member said that the amount of excess in the cost was not likely to be more than £5,000. If be would look at the matter again he would see that it must be au excess of nearer £30.000 as compared with the sum originally named. If all the hon. gentleman's conclusions were to be measured by this one they would be able to estimate the importance they deserved. But as the bon. member deprecated delay, suppose the order were given for the rails immediately, what prospect was there in the present state of the markets in England of its being executed within a reasonable time? He strongly urged this point as a reason why they should adopt for the pi esent a different meaus of communication. The hon. member alluded to the proposal for a canal, aud also said it would need a great deal of tun nelling. If the hon. gentleman was acquainted with the district he could not but know that to construct a canal no tunnelling at all would be needed between Narracoorte and Lacepeie Bay. The hon. member also ventured to attack the Mount Gambier Road Board as not constructing cheap roads. He felt it his duty to stand up for that Board, and asserted that not only did they make cheap roads, but also some of the best roads in the country. That was the opinion of ma»y persons, too, who had visited the South- East The contracts were taken as low as possible; the worLiog expenses were as low as those of any Board in the colony; they had also peculiar country to deal with ; and he held that taking all the circumstances into consideration the raids con structed by that Board were some of the cheapest and best in the colony. The hon. member spoke of the proposed circuitous line from Lacepede Bay via Narracoorte acd Penola to Bivoli Bay, treating it as impracticable, and statiug that he had engineering authority for his opinion. If the hon. member was acquainted with the South-East he would see that if any part of the country was capable of supporting a large agricultural popula tion it was that between Penola and Bivoli Bay. There were no great engineering difficulties. The time was not far distant when that part of the district would have to be supplied with some means of communication. The hon. gentleman said the line adopted would meet the wants of all, but he entered a distinct denial to that statement It might meet the wants of a few farmers in the Narracoorte Area, but to - say it would meet the wants of all was a complete mistake. The hon. member quoted Mr. Ronald McDonald ; but was it not possible that that gentleman had some special reason for taking a distinct and unusual course, such as personal reasons, or finding at present a better market at Narracoorte than Penoia? The quotation of a single instance did not constitute a proof, even as one swallow did not make a summer. The hon. member also spoke of the farmers between Narra coorte and Penola; but there were none between those places, the farmers being just around the two towns. The hon. gentleman said that a rail way to Lacepede Bay would not merely be an outlet for the (produce of the district, but the opening of the South-Ease. Bat on that point he gave a distinct denial, and he claimed to know as much of the district as the hon. member, and far more. He also claimed to have watched its interests and to know its wants as much as the hon. gentleman, and a great deal more. The Hon. the Treasurer said he could not support the motion, because the subject was decided by a previous House. Literally a new term had been introduced into parliamentary language. He should hesitate to apply it to con. members as a whole, but it expre&ssly; described the appearance of things in this matter. He should not'like to say the House had beeu 'got at,' but he dia inctly remarked that at the election preceding the ash the strongest possible efforts were used to )kdge every candidate to passing a Bill for a ?ailway between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte. 3e could not help thinking that a good deal of measure was then brought to bear of a most udicious kind and at a most judicious moment. Che Treasurer showed that one clause of tbe i.ct was exceedingly unworkable, limiting tbe sxpenditure to £15O.CO0. If nothing else vas amended, they would need to amend hat and he asked, when they reconsidered that Kiint, whether they had not better reconsider the ffhole question. He now came to Mx. Conner, the ihampiou of the South-East and was sorry the ion. gentleman was not in his place. But as the jon. member was probably expecting to see him lelf reflected in the columns of Geoffry Crabthorn is in a looking- glass, and as accurately, he would -roceed. He would take up the question as to he representation of Mount Gambier alone. He lealt with this subject recently, and gave a distinct ienial to it Was it not a fact that his ion. colleague lived at Penola, where he had is large influence as any country gentleman in his -wn neighbourhood. He did not say it to flatter he hon. member; but he was as popular a man as le knew in the district And was it fair to say hsA the hon. member was only the representative )f Mount Gambier, when his friends clustered ound him very extensively at Penola, so that he juestioned if the Mount Gambier influence went igainst him whether the hon. member would not :arry his election by the votes he would get at Penola and else where ? If they represented Mount Jambier alone,it was only fair to say this, that when ;hey Btood before their constituency tbey were well mowr), and had there been any belief that they arould unfairly represent the district, or only represent one part, there was ample time for jpposition. But none was brought. He stated ;hat with confidence as an ample refutation of this jnarge. The hon. member for Light was good mough to quote the Mount Gambier Standard on ;he subject of persons leaving the district He lad it on the authority of farmers themselves that ;here was likely to be a considerable exodus after ;he next harvest so of the correctness of what the Mount Gambier Standard had said, or of what he bad said upon this subject, there was complete evidence. The hon. member had spoken of the FarmeiB' Club at Narracoorte, and threw it in his ;eeth that he did not know the number of its members; but he could give the number. When lie was last acquainted with it it had three or 'our farmers as members. He could go further, und state that the dinner given to Mr: Conner was attended by six farmers, and six farmers are after wards at the meeting convened in reference to Mr. Singleton's returns. If they had six farmers at linner, and the same six at the after meeting, and 'our at the Farmers' Club, that could not be re garded as sufficient strength of public opinion for ;he statements that had been ma'le. The hon. member quoted a letter from the Club, stating that ;hey had no representative, but he should leave ;hat to refute itself. He might say that when the aon. member was down in the South-East the question was put to him several times, ' What is Jonner doing down here?' accompanied by a significant wink; and that question, with its significant wink, had led him to understand [dial the hon. member was about. (Mr. Bray— ' What waB it?') If the hon. member for East Adelaide did not know the value of a wink he was willing to teach him at his leisure. The last statement of the hon. member for Victoria the bon. member for Light passed by with the briefest possible reference. He referred to the meeting at ffhich Mr. Conuer made a most distinct utterance m the railway question. The hon. gentleman left ;hat subject alone on the principle that when a thiDg could not be explained men went round it }r left it alone. The hon. gentleman said that be was not fairly reported: but he happened to be Chairman of the meeting, and :ould say that he had been fairly reported. Ibe hon. member had been fairly reported in the newspapers. He should nqw leave the self constituted champion of the South- East, and would ge no further than one or two closing re marks. ThiB was a question that was not to be iealt with in a light way. This was a matter of policy, and the House was not justified in con sidering private and losal interests when dealing with a question of public expenditure. (Hear, hear.) It was at the present moment the duty of tbe House and the Government to make a stand against excessive outlay of money when cheaper means of communication would serve all the purposes required. He admitted that the whole progress of research or* the subject of internal com munication was in favour of cheap tramways, but then they could not call a three-thousand-a-mile tramway as one in the catagory of cheap. If he dare trouble the House so far he could show sufficient reasons to prove that this line could be made at a much cheaper rate, and quite as effective in its character. This could be effected by some drainage work, in which £100 would be saved in line-making for every £50 spent in drainage. The point now to be considered was whether a mistake having been committed in the project of making this line— and several hon. members admitted it to be a mistake— tbe Government should refrain from rectifying it merely because it had been con sidered that there should be no amendment when the people were promised the original scheme. The way to deal with the matter appeared to him to be that as the House had no means at present to carry out the work, as it would not be needed for two or three years, and as the traffic would not be sufficient to pay the working expenses alone, the Government should look around them and see if at a less expense some means of communication could not be supplied. The case, he believed, could be met by laying down tbe tramway without the rails. That would have the sympathy of the farmers in the dis trict and of those who owned the land and had to pay the taxes, though not perhaps those who only sought to profit by the land when the Government had opened it up by this work. If the works were in the form which he had indicated and a small sum was spent upon drainage, a very large amount of money would be saved, and the line would meet all the require ments of the district for a long time to come. Mr. WEST-ERSK1NE said he should oppose the motion btfore the House, and tneught the Government were entitled to the thanks of the House, the district concerned, and the country at large for determinedly stating their intention that they meant to oppose the motiot. Tbe pro testations of the members for the district seemed to be in an inverse ratio to their ability to cany out what they said. Mr. SOLOMON moved that the House do now adjourn. The motion was declared carried. Mr. RIDDOCH called for a division :- AYEd, 8— Messrs. Bray. Conner, Oottreli, Mort lock, Pearce, Hmms, Smith, and Solomon (teller). Noes, 14— The Attorney-General, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commis sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Blyth. Carr, Derrington, Glyde, Hart Krichauff, Mann, Watts, West- Erskine, and Biddoch (teller). Majority of 6 for the Noes. Mr. KRICHAUFF should read to the House a letter he had received upon this subject. It com menced with the words ' Who shall decide when doctors disagree?' and then was continued as fol lows;—' Does the House of Assembly as a whole, or does any considerable portion of- Uie members, have anything like a correct idea of what that portion of the South-East referred to really is? They do not. A line from King's Camp to Morambro is the utmost that the House is justified in sanctioning-that would be better left for some years. The land in the vicinity of King's Camp is free from coast disease; at Kingston goats, pigs, and poultry die. Will the House, in the face of Howard's report agree to make Port Caroline the terminus at the Beaboard. Singleton's report is, whatever may be said to the contrary, substantially correct. P.S.-See Mr. Spriggs'a letter. Border Watch. September 21.' (Cries of 'Name.') It was signed by Mr. W. Lyon, of East Wellington. Mr. Lyon was a man who was interested in the District of Victoria, and knew a good deal about it. He pointed out that Mr. Singleton made hia report at a wrong time of year, and that it was quite possible from what he saw to be correct, though Mr. Conner found a different state of things when he went to the South-East. He sheu'd support the repeal of the Railway Bill, as he considered that while it was uncertain where population would settle a macadamized road would serve all the purposes requiied-f ully £220.000. As the Act now in force would not carry out its object he should support its repeal. The motion was put and negatived. The Clebk— Orders of the Day. PRIVILEGE.-ADJOURNED DEBATE ON THE MOTION OF MR. TOWNSEND. Mr. BRAY, in the absence of Mr. Townsend and at his request moved that this be adjourned till Wednesday next Carried. SELECT COMMITTEE ON BILLS. ' Mr. KRICHAUFF moved 'That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the laws referring to intestacy, real froperty, and testamentary causes.' n doing eo he said that he had hoped that the Bills would have been referred to a Select Com mittee months ago. The session was now far advanced, and if any Committee wa3 to be formed to look into the matter it should be done without more loss of tune. He felt placed in a difficult position, because he was told that he could not refer to the Bills before the House, and the reason that he had brought bis motion forward was because of the Bills being before the House, and were not in his opinion the measures that would be exactly suitable to go upon our Statute-book. He could not agree to what had been said that this was a matter affectine only the legal profession, as in bis opinion it was one that was highly important to the public. The members of the House and the public were as much interested in the question as the legal profession could be, and it was not as the Attorney-Gteueral had said some days since, a purely lev*1 question. When the public examined into any ^*fy. and expressed an opinion upon it Parliament «/ ' could supply that want usually came forward to vtipP*y !'? %0T the past two years the public had had .'nuch more to do with this question than formerly, ana- nad seen that an alteration ot the law wa& much required in many respects, especially that itsu'ould be made far more simple than at present It K^ been suggested that this matter should be referred to a Commission, but then they had one objection to that course in the fact that no craft reformed itself. They all knew well that the greatest inven tions had been brought about in agricultural and other matters by outsiders, and with reference to a reformation of a law that had so much connec tion with the old ecclesiastical law they must place the work in the hands of persons who would take a modern view, and not leave the matter to lawyers, who were prone to look at such subjects through spectacles dusted with the dust of ages. It had been said that if unprofessional men tried their hands at the reform of the law, they would be considered 'by the profession persons of a peculiar sort in acting without being sufficiently irained for the purpose. But he believed that the habits of a certain profession were too insensibly contracted, as was the focus of their view, to allow them to produce a system that would have sim plicity as its characteristic. It appeared to him that comprehensive changes were very hateful generally to minds technically educated, and there ore he believed the work would be most compre lensively dealt with by a Select Committee of the Souse. In looking through the subject he had been astonished at the manner in which the law for the last ten years had been handled. They had tried to alter it, but they still wanted some more amendment so that under the Real Property Act there might not be so large a waste of tune in transacting business. In reference to the matter of intestacy, they certainly had a docu ment before them— Paper 129 of 1871 — Mr. MORTLOCK called attention to the state of the House. A House having been duly constitute!, Mr. KRICflAUFF said that last year some correspondence had been laid on the table iu regard to the law relating to- intestate real estates; but it was chiefly with refe rence to the rules to be made for procedure, and principally with regard to the real property passing under the Act 27 of 1867. It had been mentioned that these rules were required, but the difficulty in the way of getting them had been that there were no funds to pay for the drafting of of them. The House voted a small sum of money for them, but notwithstanding that the great inconvenience was continued by Mr. Justice Gwynne arriving at a certain conclusion, which resulted in the rules not being prepared. The Judge did not see how rules were to be framed under the Bill he alluded to; but he could not see how that could be the case in reference to a Bill which had been drafted by one of the most eminent solicitors, at the time Attorney-General to this colony, and also that it was similar to the Acts adopted in New South Wales and Victoria. He could not believe that the Act was so entirely unworkable as had been alleged. He believed that the Act con formed with the procedure under the Real Pro perty Act far more fully than a certain Bill now upon the files of the House. He knew that the law of inheritance was so unworkable that many Buits had been allowed to stand still in consequence of want of legal machinery, but the difficulty was how to amend that law. He did not think it was much credit to the Government the bringing in of a declaratory Act as it had been forced on them by pressure from outside. The abolition of primo geniture, in which tbe Hon. A. Blyth first and then Mr. R. B. Andrews (Attorney-General) secondly had been concerned was a most impor tant measure. That it should be merely a declara tory Act was the request of the deputation to the Chief Secretary, and he was sorry that no progress had been made in this matter. It waa said that the Act did not disinherit the heir-at-law, but he was of opinion that it did. The 4th clause said something very nearly approaching, but it did not say the exact thing. The difficulty seemed to him to be with the Judges — he should not say with the Judges, but with Mr. Justice Gwynne — who said that no rules could be made to harmonize with the Testamentary Causes Act No. 11 of 1867, because it wis unfortunately passed in the same session as the other Act abolishing primogeniture. (Hear, hear.) But he did not see why the rules could not be ex tended. He could not see that there was any necessity now for a new complication. They must consider that one came into operation before the other— one in February, and the other the following October— and the more extensive application which waa given to clause 11 of the Testamentary Causes Act would only deal with personal property; and in his opinion there was a right to deal with de vised or partially devised land as Boon as Act 29 came into operation in October, 1868. The personal representative derived hiB right to deal with de vised or partially devised land only from letters of administration which the Registrar of Probates ought to grant, and thereafter the real estate was vested in him as really as the personal estate was now vested in him. He believed hon. members would generally consider it of very great importance that they should be able to go before the Registrar— (Hear, hear)— instead of taking out a summons, getting the matters up to be argued under the wing of counsel, and decided by tbe Court upon motion or petition. He thought the House would agree with him that in non-contentious business everything should be as simple as possible. He considered that every law should be intelligible to a man of business. He believed the law with regard to moneyed property was perfectly intelligible to careful men, and if the law relating to landed property was not so it was because the law itself was bad. There could be no other reason. Any mysteries in the law were very dangerous to the community. They should condemn such mystery, and have no Judge made law. As Philman stated, they suffered from the grotesque decisions of their Judges in the con struction of Bills and in the law of real property— (Hear, hear) — Mr. BRAY called attention to the state of the House. A quorum having been made up, Mr. KRICHAUFF continued, saying it ap peared to him that the difficulties were only raised by Mr. Justice Gwynne. For instance, His Honor believed tbe personal representative under the Act would be merely trustee for the heir-at-law. He thought this was intended to be corrected in one of the Bills on their files; but he should be sorry to see it cairied out in tbe way proposed. Another difficulty was that it was demanded that tbey should go on the Common Law as well as the Equity Bide of the Court; that they should not be able to take out letters of administration merely upon one side of the Court, but that they should be bound to take them out on both sides. The rules of evidence and procedure under the Testamentary Causes Act stated that the Common Law jurisdiction should be applicable to all cases under the Act, -but in Equity there were no rules— (Hear, hear)-and this was of the very greatest importance. However, it appeared to him that the patience of hon. members was nearly worn out, and he would not speak at greater length, but simply ask them to listen to one short extract be would read from Walter BagBbot on 'Bad Lawyers and Good :'— 'The state of the English law at present agscra V8tes tbe bad consequences to us of these defects in our lawyeis. If ever there was a country in which good legal mechanics were wanted. England just now is that country. Our law is unquestionably better in substance than it was 50 years ago, but it is also worse in form, In the time of Lord Eldon it had some kind of unity and consistency about it; it was, in a certain sense, all of a piece. But now the reforms, which have swept away most of the worst abuses, have made it of a piece no longer. Side by side with the dull colouring of the old law there are bright patches of new Statutes. An Act of Parliament ha* destroyed this and that singular growth of history, and has erected iusteal thi3 and that useful contrivance. But exactly how much was destroyed and how much was left depended on the caprice of Parliament. \ery likely the Re forming Act was changed in 'Committee' in the Commons; some impoitant clause was maimed, or some dubious wor^s inserted; or perhaps some old but still vigorous Law Lord fell up-n the nseasure, and twisted it to Buit ancient opinion. 3 he tide of law reform has been like the tide of theBea; it has advanced most powerfully, but it has also stopped most curiously. The Jine between the old English law and the new is as accidental a line as any sea-beach. It was caused by the momentary' magnitude of shifting forces, and bears hardly a trace of settled design. Believing, as he did, that much of this was true, he con sidered it would be far better that a Select Com mittee should be appointed to look into the matter tban a Commission. ? . On the motion of Mr. SMITH, the debate wa3 adjourned, and made an Order for Wednesday UeXt-THE ENTRANCE TO PORT PIR1E. Mr. WATTS moved- ? . , , 'That it is desirable that Steps may betaken for buoying or beacoiiiog. the 'channel from the Gulf into Port Pine, as prayed for in petition pre sented on the 25th September.'' At present the channel was dangerous to persons unacquainted with it. There was a large amount cf land taken up in the agricultural areas of which this poit was the outlet and with a good harvest a large amount of produce was expected. Port Pirie was becoming an impoitant shipping-place, and he did not thina there would be any opposition on the part of the Government. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) sag. gested that the matter should be postponed till he could get a report from the Marine Board as to the cost. of the works. Be had no doub* as to their usefulness. ' Tbe motion was carried. JiOAD FEOM GUL^AEB AREA TO POST ? . HKIE. InCommiUee. Mr. WATTS moved 'That an address be presented to His Ex- , cellency the Governor, praying His Excellencf to recommend this House to make provision in the Estimates for the year 187% to an extent not exceeding £300, for the purpose of repairing the road from the Gulnare Area, through Narridr to Port Pirie, as prayed for in petition presented oa the 27th September.' There was a sum on the Estimates for s road from Georgetown to Port Pirie, but the memorialists - W.inted out that there were two diflerent roads— one riaEooyoolee, and the other through Narridy— but he former would be of no use, as it was 10 miles onger for them. The petition asked that some of he creeks and crossings might be made passable, ind pointed out that the greater portion )f the Narridy Area had been sold at £2, and that here were no dummies— (laughter)— so that there A ma large amount of land under crop. It was ilsp stated that the proposed road would be avail ible for the settlers in the Broughton Extension md Crystal Brook Areas. He did not think under he circumstances there would be any opposition to the expenditure of this small sum, which wm much needed. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS lflo?.- T/ Reynolds) pointed out that since tha -etition had been presented the Surveyor- General lad been in the neighbourhood witha view togiving the facilities asked, and he would ask the hon. member to withdraw the motion. He thought the £500 on the Estimates would meet the case, but U the Government found that the sum authorised iras not enough, they would take stepa to obtain ei further grant. Mr. WATTS said the vote of £500 was for a road from Georgetown to Port Pirie. (Hear, lear.) The COMMISSIONER of CfiOW^f LAJ&Q3; Bon. T. Reynolds) said what he had se5stt-of the Surveyor-General's report showed that he VonJd provide communication. He would ask the hon. nember to consent to an adjournment till Wed* leBday. Mr. MORTLOCK hoped the hon. member would go on with the motion at once. He did not idmire the Commissioner of Crown Lands in ilways throwing the onus of these matters on the Surveyor-UeneraL (Hear.) The Commissioner of Public Works had been to the district to see about he matter. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS Hon. W. Cdvena^b) went to the district for *- mother purpose-to see Port Broughtoo. It was wssible that the produce mfcht go to that port, ind unless there was real cause it waa hardly worth rhile to make another road to Port Pirie. The Surveyor-General had surveyed a line, and no loubt, if requisite, a road would be made. Mr. BRAY hoped that after the request of the Government the debate would be adjourned. Mr. WATTS consented to the adjournment The House resumed, and the Committee had leave to Bit again on Wednesday. CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN CAPTAIN SWEET AND THE GOVERNMENT. Mr. BRAY, for Mr. Solomon, moved— 'That there be laid on the table of this House ;opies of all correspondence between Captain Sweet and the Government relating to bis claims igainst them for Mb services in the Northern Terri tory.' Mr. Solomon seemed satisfied that the correspon dence would disclose some claim, and he hoped the Government would lay the papers on the table 30 that hon. members might see whsther there ffaB or not. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS [Hon. T. Reynolds) said the Government had no objection. He thought it would be shown that the petition was not borne out by the correspondence. Japt. Sweet stated that he had received instructions rom Mr. Todd. That gentleman was expected back at the end of the month, and the Government would then get a copy of the instructions, if there were any. The motion waa carried. ARRANGEMENTS AT THE GENERAL POST OFFICE. Mr. WATTS moved ' That better information ought to be afforded to the public at tbe General Post-Office, so as to guide them as to the proper places to post their letters.' He waa informed that inconvenience had been felt on account of tbe great number of letter-receivers and the insufficiency of the information as to where the letters should be poBted. He had seen in one of the papers a letter, entitled 'Letter-box Mysteries,' which fully entered into the subject, and brought forward the question in a forcible manner. There were pillars about town, and in those all letters were posted, whatever their destination might be. and he thought the elaborate system of the Post-Office might be simplified, so that people having a letter to post might know where to post it The Hon. A. BLYTH, in seconding, said that he believed no single member in the House knew the exact place in which to post a letter to the Northern Territory. He had been asked twice— once by a woman and once by a child— which was the proper place to post to Port Darwin. He made enquiries, and found they were to be put in the receiver for Port Adelaide. That would be a piece of informa tion, as moBt would think they would have to be placed in the Northern box. He believed, by sticking up names, an attempt had been made to give information, but perhaps the simpler plan adopted in London would be a good one here. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) said no doubt improvements were required. He had spoken to the Chief Secretary about it and the result was the posting up of a few of the names of the country offices. But he agreed that that needed to be extended, and he believed that stepa were being taken for that purpose. The Govern meet were with the hon. member in the matter. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE suggested that by having one receptacle for newspapers, one for ship letters, and one for inland letters, the difficulty would be met He- also pointed out that the largeness of the orifice enabled people to read the addresses on letters posted. The inconvenience could be corrected by having small curtains within the opening. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) said the matter bad already been altered. AUSTRALIAN ANNEXE AT THE SOUTH KENSINGTON EXHIBITION. In Committee. The Hon. A. BLYTH, having amended his motion, moved— 'That an address be presented to His Excel lency tbe Governor, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision in the Estimates for the year 1873, to an extent not exceeding £1,500, for the purpose of paying the proportion of the coBt of providing an Australian Annexe at tbe South Kensington Exhibition.' He brought this forward because of the unsatis factory answer given by the Government upon a recent occasion. Had they expressed willingness to reconsider the matter he would have been willing to leave it in their hands, and now if there was likely to be a debate or opposition he should wish to adjourn the discussion. The colony had received a cordial invitation to contribute to the annexe. Queensland contributed £1,500 and Victoria a still larger sum. and placing themselves on a par with Queensland he suggested £1,500 *a their share. He was told by persons who had visited the colony that they were surprised at the ignorance tbey remembered in the old country of Australia generally. Recently he was told by a visitor that if their resources and capabilities were known in Europe there would be a great influx of persons from England and other countries. But a refusal to join a thing of this kind was ill timed when they had recently asked the other colonies to join in the expense of a steamer to run during the silence of the unfortunate cable. They re sponded in a kindly spirit to that proposal, and they should not less cordially meet this invitation. As to the objection of being overshadowed by tbe bigger colony of Victoria, that was not a worthy feeliDg. Of course they would be overshadowed, but if there were an Australian Annexe at the Exhibition bow would any of them feel if they went and saw no South Australian products exhibited at all, when New South Wales, Queens land, Victoria, and even Tasmania had a niche f He hoped the Government would reconsider, and retrace their action, that they would not oppose the reasonable request of his motion. The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) was not going to oppose the motion, but the hon. member was in the dark. He did not know what the Government were doing and what they had done in the matter. The hon. member did not tell the House that the amendment for a larger sum was suggested by him. It was hardly fair after that to talk of the Government retracing their action. A little while ago Queensland and New South Wales weuld not join in the* work, and because there was to be no general Australian Annexe the Government declined to enter with Victoria alone, although willing toco-operate for a general Annexe. To show what had been done he read a telegram received on September 19, from Mr. G. C.Levy, Secretary of the Exhibition Com* mission in Melbourne:— 'Dr. Bieasdale has re quested me to ask you whether South Auatraljji will join Victoria in an Annexe at %mk Kensington. New South Wales will not have separate Annexe, or join in an Australian. Queensland has decided upon a sep rate Annexe.' That showed that tbe different colonies were not prepared to co-operate. Then there was a letter from Queensland, signed by Mr. Branston, in the absence of the Colonial Secretary. It was aj follows:— 'Sir- Adverting to my telegram of 21st September inBt.in reply to yoar letter of 22nd August last in which it ia intimated that a Com mission has been appointed by Hi* Excellency Sir Jas. Ferguason to take such measures as may be necessarv to ensure the effectual representation of your province at the International Exhibition, to be held in London in 1873. with a station that advantage might be ^enved if the Oonjaw dohetawen enab'ed to correspond JUneUj wM gentlemen holding a sitnilw poaihon «r few colony. I have tbe honour to inform joathafc U has not been coBfiMered necewwr to appatrt \ THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Friday. October 11. we Dt-flAitfiB took ine unair ai z o ciock. EOADS ON YORKE'S PENINSULA. Mr. HUGHES asked the Commissioner of Public Works ' what Dortion of the sum of £5.000 Dlaced at ni8 disposal lor the construction of roads will be assigned to the construction of roads on Yorke's Peninsula.'f The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. W. Cavenagh) replied :— 'No disposition has yet been made of the sum of £5,000, but the Govern* ment are willing to give a fair proportion to Yorke's Peninsula on ascertaining what works are most urgently required. mr t_ TROUBRIDGE JETTY. Mr. HUGHES asked the Commissioner of Public Works ?-'I. Why the erecti6n of the Troubridgi Jetty had been delayed? 2. When will it be com menced?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. W. Cavenagh) said:-' The contract was signed September 20. The excavation for the approach has been commenced, and the timber for the jetty is being prepared for shipment.' PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. W Cavenagh) laid on the table :— Application of Central Road Board for money fot service of year 1872. Report on road between Two Wells and Port Gawler. Both were ordered to be printed. PRINTING PETITIONS. Mr. BRIGHT moved 'That Petition No. 169. presented on 9lh October, from electors in the District of Rhyme, be printed.' Carried. Mr. PEARCE moved 'That Petition No. 168, presented on Oth October, from 516 persons, be printed.' Carried. Mr. LAKE moved ' That Petition No. 173, presented on 10th October, from the President, trustees, and officers of the Gawler Institute, be printed.' The Hon. A. BLYTH said this petition was for an increased grant to country Institutes, and hon. members would find that a petition from the Port Adelaide Institute had been already printed, which be believed was an exact copy of this, only that the signatures at the foot were different. Under the circumstances he hoped Mr. Lake would not press the motion. They had already printed 60 petitions, upon which non. members had said they intended to take action, but on which no action had been taken. The prayer of the petition having been read, Mr. LAKEBaid as it was similar to that of a petition which was already printed, he would ask leave to withdraw the motion. Leave was granted. THE SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY ACT. Mr. RIDDOCH moved 'That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act to repeal Act No. 7 of 1871, being an Act to provide for the formation of a line of railway from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte.' He expressed regret at having to bring this matter again before the House, for South-Eastern ques* tiona had been so often before the Parliament that they must be pretty well sick of them. The object he had in view was that another season should not be allowed to pass without some provi vision being made for affording the settlers about Nariacooite an outlet for their produce. The Act in its present form required amendment. (Mr. Derrington— ' Hear, hear.1') In the first place the gauge was one which would not now be recom mended by most hon. members; then the cost would be much higher than the Act provided, and the tolls to be -charged and several other matters in the Act required amendment. There was also considerable difference of opinion as to where the starting point of the railway should be, and a still greater difference as to where it should be taken. Some thought to] Narracoorte, some to Point B, and some to Cockatoo Lake. Some preferred a horse tramway, more a railway, and a still greater number a macadamized road— (Hear, hear, and Air. Conner— 'No')— and thai beiug the case they had better repeal the Act, ant' supply something which would meet the wants of the district, and not do injustice to other parts of the country. Some members might say that, as the Act was passed last session, they ought to allow it to remain in its present form; but curcum stances had altered very much since then. The advance in the price of iron would in his opiuion be a sufiicient reason why they should pause before incurring the great additional outlay which would have to be made. Beside?, it was almost impossible to get oiders for iron executed; and if they passed the Loan Bill before the House, and sent the orders home immediately, it would be a very long time Uioie they got the material out If they repealed the Act, and voted a sum for the construction of a load, that road could be made into a railway when die rii cum stances required it If the cost of the i ail way would be £1,100 per mile, the same as the Wallaroo Tramway, he would support it; but he did not thick they would be justified in spendiDg £3,100 per mile, even if the work could be doue for it. The Central Road Board estimated the cost of roads in the South-Eastern District at £469 per mile, Colonel Kennedy for a road which would be adapted for Thompson's road steamers at £300, and the Mount Gambier Road Board £500; tut if they even spent £600 per mile the amount for 54 miles would be £32,400, which would be little more than the cost of the earth* works on the proposed railway, which were set down at £29,000. The earthworks were proposed to be six feet high for SO miles, but the levels ;aken showed that Narracoorte was 178 feet above the level of the sea, thus giving a fall of over three feet to the mile, and therefore it was absurd that the earthworks should be required to be raised to such an enormous height. If a drain was cut on the south side and a road formed of the material taken out of it and raided to the height of two feet it would be ample, and thus two birds would be killed with one stone. Mr. Carr in introducing the Bill last session made some rather exaggerated statements, he was sure not intentionally; but he must have allowed himself to receive too frrely the rather cocked statements which were furnished t-s him. He said—' He Had a return, which the Deputy Surveyor-General had favoured him with, as to the land already disposed of. and he found that within 15 miles of Narracoorte there were 127,000 acres of sold land principally suited to agriculture. People did not purchase the worst land first, and he had no doubt that the bulk of this area would be used for agricultural pur* poses. Then, in the Agricultural Areas of H)nam, Lawson, Narracoorte, and Binnum (il,C42 acres had been selected, and there were 115,010 acres, to a great extent agricultural land-(No)-which had not been selected.' He was perfectly sure that if the hon. member had himself visited the district he would not have made that statement (Mr. Derrington—' Hear, hear.') He thought it was stated at the commencement of last year that there would be 180,000 bushels of wheat exported from that district; but Mr. Poothby'B return showed that only 40,000 or 50,000 were, and Mr. Sprigg estimated that there would be 68,000, but that was before the harvest took place. He believed a miller at Penola had undertaken to take the produce of a certain quantity of land for some years, and last year purchased 14,000 bushels, which were consumed in the district This year there was nearly double the area under crop, 8,000 acres, but he had good grounds for fearing that the yield would not be so good as last year. Admitting it to be 10 bushels to the acre, that would be 80,090 bushels, and de ducting from that 25,000, which would be used m the neighbourhood, and 16.000, which would be used for seed next year, that would only leave 39,010 for export He had not the slightest doubt that what Mr. Singleton said in his report was perfectly true; in fact the report showed that he nad obtained his information from the men them selves. He said— 'Thomas SlugRet— This man will not be able to crop bis land this year owing to the rain. Charles Johnstonc- Owing to the wet this man will not be able to crop the nine acres. Oliver Hunt— This man is under the impression the rain has done him good. Kobert Forster.— I consider there is nearly 40 more acreB of this crop damaged. Samuel ffaggat— This crop doea not look very promising. Ihos. Agar.— Considers no injury has been sustained by the wet asyet. I feel certain .9 acres must be damaged. Win. Turner.-GO acres more of this crop is seriously damaged. Robert Welcome.— A good deal of seed has perished. A. F. Bundey is very much disheartened, and fears he will lose most of his crop. Thos. Ward.-ThiB man is draining his land, and thinks he will save most of his crop.' He remembered the Commis sioner of Crown Lands a fortnight ago undertook to obtain further information from l£r. Singleton, He should like to ask if he had done so Tie COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS (Hon. T. EeynoldB) had not yet. Mr. RIDDOCH bad not the slightest doubt from what he knew of the officer that if he was called on to confirm the information he would be prepared to do bo. The return of the quantity of wheat grown in the different hundreds was not Mr. Singleton's, but Mr. Boothby's. On his way home after the recess he passed through, a creat part of the Narracoorte Area, and from what he saw and what the driver told him, and that was a wtek later than the date of the report, the water had gone down very much, but still it waa very high. The meeting was held five weeks after the report, aad he could quite under stand the action which was then taken in reference to it, because it would damage the farmers1 claim for a railway, hit. Carr eaid in the speech he had before referred to:— uHe had no doubt that the neighbouring colony would do all it could to prevent traffic finding its way from the Victorian side into this colony ; but they could not prevent it— it must come. like water, traffic must tad its own level, and when it was 