SPHUTUALI3M PUBLICLY DISCUSSED. XFrom the Aitfut# Between 460 and 500 pereons Assembled in the supper room of the Town Sail last evening (July 12) to hear a .public discussion on: spiritualisms-Mr. DavidBlair was to speak against modem spiritualism, and Mr. J. Tjer man was to speak in its favour. The audience numbered as many ladies .as gentlemen, "and not a few.individuals whose somewhat foggy-looking eyes were taken by irreverent disbelievers to be thoroughgoing mediums. Representatives of all classesof citizens crowded into the room, and a whilom member of Parliament chiefly noted for the greatness. of his physical proportions filled up one doorway all by him self. Member; of learned societies were scat tered about the room. The audience was com fortably seated a quarter of an hour before .the fight began.' Mr. Blair was the first to arrive. As he 'threaded his way up a partly-blocked passage some half & dosen persons stamped their feet approringly, which gave Mr. Blair courage to deposit his hat upon the baize-covered plat fonh where the struggle was ~jto: take pU^e.\ A few nunutes later the champion' of spiritualism followed in, and' was a little „morb heartily ehefired.' "Careful observers paused amidst the excitement to note the well-stocked: carpetbag which Mr, Tyerman -carried in his left hand, . and1 prepared themselves .for. the disclosure of some interesting phenomena. On the: platform was a table and three- chairs—the middle one for the Chairman, heavily made, imdproof against physical force. Mr. Tyerman took the seat on the Chairman's right, and put the bag carefully on the floor behind him. Mr. Blair settled into the -chair on the left, and he-ap . peared to be armed with several loose sheets of manuscript and one little book which seemed insignificant compared with the two handsomely bound volumes which Mr. Tyerman displayed upon the table. The Chairman proved tojje Mr. F. Call, Police Magistrate of the District Court. He hoped they would have a quiet discussion, bat he undertook to keep the two gentlemen apart. (Laughter. ) The arrangements were' that Mr. Blair should begin, and that each should have two half-hour speeches. The demolition of modem spiritualism was then supposed to begin. Mr. Blair's opening statement was that -he was not prejudiced. He knew nothing of spiritualism—never saw a table dance, nor an old woman fly round a room on a broomstick. To the spiritualist, therefore,' he said, "Out of thirfn own.mouth .shall Z judge thee, thou wicked servant." Spiritualism, his-, torically speaking, was a. mare s next, and all that was stated in support of it was to be found under the covers of an old French book he possessed — the Infernal Dictionary. The audience- did not exactly know how to re- . ceive this point, until Mr. Blair explained that several archbishops had .approved of the ■ book; then there was a laugh; but one of the ; front row brought forth a notebook, and pro ceeded from that time forth to take Mr. Blair down. _ The following were Mr. Blair's four proposi tions:—1. That there is no proof that thn physical phenomena of spiritism, as alleged, are" produced by supernatural means, or are any thihg more than the mechanical effect of mechanical causes. 2. That the alleged in tervention of supernatural spirits in producing mental phenomena of spiritism is—(1) untenable, (2) unproved, and (3) irrational. 3. That the { revelations reoeived from spirits, as set-forth in" the printed reports of the spiritists, are neither (1) supernatural, (2) original, nor (3) rational. 4u That the doctrines of spintism . are some of them plagiarized from ancient pagan systems or other ancient sources, and are some of them (1) absurd, (2) self-contra dictory, and (3) immoral. These propositions were received with partial applause. Then Mr. Blair went on to denounce the gospel of the deadened brain as "frigged"—an old story over again. His next point was to quote Henschel, to allude to the wonderful operations of the electic telegraph and the teksoepe, and to compare the means by which these had been produced with the so-called spiritual com munications from another world, which furnished us with mere ravings of the savage—a set of principles which, if men had followed them from the first, would have left the whole race in the state of the aborigines who now haunted our fast decaying forests. The applause had wholly subsided before Mr.. ; Tyenaan rose to knock down Mr. Blair's pro-J positions and put up a set of his own. First, he : explained how this public discussion had oomo ■ about. When he was thinking of challenging the j opponents of spiritualism, Mr. Blair sent forth a obculenge from them, and, of course, he accepted it. Never had a movement been more grossly misrepresented or maligned than spiritualism had teen by_ the pulpit and press of Vie- 1 toria. Mr. Tyerman dropped a few "h's," gave a new pronunciation to the word " sfance,'' and then went on to show that spiritualism w&s; opposed to scientific materialism, which was spreading daily, and destroying man's belief in immortality. A. materialist was then called up, and, among other things, he was supposed to scoff at the "stories we had heard of the openings of the graves centuries ago, and to ask rather peremptorily " why is the silence of the grate hot now unbroken?" "When the unreasonable ness of the question had' been demonstrated, Jfr. Tyerman proceeded to argue that as there: had" been "New Testament miracles, so :migat there be 19th century t spiritual miracles - (so galled). At present spiritualism had not . Advanced beyond the establishment of a few fundamental propositions. The' central teaohingwas this, that the spirits' of the" departed could and did" hold communion with' us; who were still' in the body. (This caused a oontidefable -portion <of the audience' to stamp on the floor, and then look round with a triumphant smile upon the unbelievers, who for the most, part'had back seats.) The most interesting portaon of Mr. Tyerman's discourse was that in whioh" he replied to the speech with which the debate was opened. Mr.' Blair at once plunged into note-taking with great assiduity. The water-bottle at the same time / went away from the speaker's end of the table to the note-taker's, and by tiie time Mr. Tyer man should have become dry Mr. Blair had drank up the whole of the water. The vigilant eyeof si Committee-man forasaw the trouble which might comeab'aut. There wasa -commotion in the crowd. The door was opened, the bottle went out; and in a minute itreturned refilled. A. man of 6 ft. gin. could not well mount a platform with a water-bottle and walk softly with it to the table without, attracting general notice even though he Btooped. There was there fore a momentary break in the argument. When attention once more returned to Mr. Tyerman, he was found to be demanding proofs from Mr. Hair, who had said that the phenomena had been produced by mechanical agency. Human hands could have written words upon the wall'at Belshazzar's feast, but did that prove that words were not written on that oocarion by spiritual agency? - (The cheers were enthusiastic.) If Mr. Bhur asserted that the Segency was mechanical the onus of proof rested upon him. (One of Mr. Blair's great points, of course, was that the onus rested upon his opponent.) If spiritualism was a prigged gospel, what gospel had it been prigged from? The teaching did not claim to be wholly original, but even Christianity was net wholly original. Mr. Blair came from fus corner, or rattier from' his seat, with a determined expression npon his oonntanaaoe. " I shell now oommence the discussion in earnest." The audienoe, whioh had become tired of waiting, could not refrain from cheering. Mr. Tyerman, in. the oourss of his remarks, had expressed doubts about Mr. Blair's freedom from prejudice. Mr. Blair now defined exactly the meaning of the word ".pre judice;" and to show that he was not prejudiced, stated that he had studied spiritualism for 20 years. Portions of the audience seemed in credulous. Mr. Blair emphatically repeated the statement,, with the accompaniment of a considerable amount of action. He had read all that was worth reading on the subjeot, Since he had lectured in December last a whole library of books had been showered down upon him. Mr. Tyerman had attempted to lead them upon a false scent, . and to raise the question of the credibility of the Bible. Now, he (Mr. Blair) was prepared to enter into a public discussion with anyone on the historical credibility of the Bible. (Cheers.) But they were not now going to discuss the miracle of 18 oenturies ago, but the miracles that occurred last night in Bourlce-street, where, he gave them his word, a lot of " ardent spirits" were present. Evidence of physical and mental phenomena were demanded of Mr.. Tyerman. gome of the audience looked wistfully towards the carpetbag, but it remained still and motion less. The concrete argument of Mr. Tyerman's speech resolved itself into this, that spiritualism taught and verified the doctrine of the immor tality of the soul. But they had not come to learn that doctrine; he (Mr. Blair) sucked it in with his mother's milk. What new doctrine did spiritualism teaeh, what new light did it throw upon the world, what new truth did it unfold ? Mr. Blair paused for a reply, and for convenience sake sat down to doit. A whispered conversation between Mr. Tver man and the Chairman, after the former had risen and received the customary applause, created a supposition that the mysteries were now about to be divulged. An anxious look 1 upon the Chairman's face was construed into an expression of fear on his part for the conse quences of some possible mishap should a phe iffflnenon not-manifest itself properly. One or two timid persons freemed to be fingering the door-handle. 'Glances were cast up at the windows. The initiated alone were calm; they knew that Mr. Tyerman would not attempt anything serious with the gaslights burning so brightly. Then the explanation came, and expectation was disappointed. The consulta tion had only been about the continuation of the speeches. Mr. Tyerman said that they were going to adhere to the programme of the two Com mittees, viz., two half-hour speeches each, and a continuation of the "debate on another night. Mr. Blair had only incidentally touched the subject. Four years ago one would have supposed Mm to be on the high roadto Spiritualism. (Mr. Blair, who at the moment was noting , down, a " point," did not stay his' fingers or raise his head, but he fiercely ejaculated the word " Never.") - In the Colonial Monildy of 1868 Mr. Blair .wrote of certain spiritual manifestations that they were " Inexplicable," and that they "baffled all natural explanation." (Oh, and laughter; Mr.' Blair merely shook his head.) He' '(Mr. Tyerman) had nbt to state the. ease for spiritualism io- night, (Oh, and tokens of disappointment.) This was Mr. Blair's opening night: the next would be his opening n%ht, and then he would state the case for: spiritualism. (The impression that the argument would pro bably begin in Mr. Tyerman's seoond half-hour's' speech, was now rubbed out. A disorderly whistle escaped some one from the opposite end of the hall. One voice exclamed, " O, you're done;" and then, " Give us some proofs.")' Mr. Tyerman went on to say he had intended to reserve the important doctrines of spiritualism for another stage of the discussion. One doc trine was that the righteous and the wicked, instead of being arbitrarily sent to one or other of "two certain places, which they were supposed to have merited before they left this world, were simply transferred to another sphere, and rose; or sank to these certain places aocording to a law of moral gravitation. When, he men- , tioned that spiritualists held that the doctrine of eternal punishment was most unrighteous and God-dishonouring, a large number" of persons loudly objected. ' If, said Mr. Tyer man, any persons present had a fancy for the doctrine, he only hoped that they would never become living illustrations of it. This brought down the house. .Spiritualists held that..the devil was a myth, a scarecrow, a fiction which had been conjured up in the dark ages for the purpose of enforcing the "commands of the priesthood. . For testimony , to. the occurrence of spiritual phenomena, Mr. Tyerman quoted Horace, Greeley, who had seen paper written upon by sonde supernatural agency, and the' late Dr. Campbell, who at his only seaace had heard questions answered in a manner beyond all human intelligence. The. nature of the communications was held ever until next meeting. The Chairman said that "this was all they were to hear to-night. They had-been brought up to the sensational point, and the discussion! was to be continued next Monday week, For his part he only wished that they had had" Monday week's discussion to-night. (Ap plause.) A vote of thanks to the Chairman ended the proceedings. - The. opinion was expressed by some, sis they went down the staircase, that' in all .probability the discussion of Spiritualism wbold be commenced at the third or fourth meetinglf net at the second. ' iz Mr." D. Slur and Mr. Tyerman resumed the public discussion on .Spiritualism, They did iotmeetat thfe supper-room of the Town Hall, hut '&t; "the Independent ~ Hall, Russell-street. Hyp vehicles drawn up to the kerbstone by a, quarter" to* 8 o'clock,' several persons scattered '' about on the pavement, and one . man on the steps showed that the excitement whieh these disputations had aroused was still high, and prepared one forthe animating'spectacle witjiin of 400 or 500 persons, comfortably seated, and some of them, signifying in the .way they do at theatres and other places of secular amusement that it was time & begin, Punctually: at A quarter of a minute'past 8 o'clock Mr. Gall, P.M., came forth from one:of .-the back rooms, followed by Mr. Tyerman and Mr. Blair, the former of whom, of course, bore the mystic carpet- bag. Mr. Tyerman opened the discussion. Persons had complained that on the last occasion little had been said about Spiritualism. The fault was with Mr. Blair, who undertook to attaok Spiritualism. All that he (Mr. Tyerman) under tookwas to defend.it from the attack; but Mr. Blair merely attacked amonstrosityconjured up from the gloomy depths of his own brain. This was Mr. Tyermans first hit,"'bat while the audience was generously applauding him he was getting a manuscript speech into position. The central doctrine of Spiritualism was that the spirits of the departed -under certain condi tions held communion with -those still in the flesh. -They were agreed as td the possibility of it;,but Mr. Tyerman had four grounds for the probability, and a large variety of grounds for the actuality of it. Hie channel of commu nication between the two worlds was not closed up with the last chapter of the New Testament. The phenomenal part of . Spiritualism was divided into 13 heads, and under No. -1 came the moving of ponderable ■ bodies, which" Mr. Tyerman had an unpleasant fashion of pronouncing as puhderable bodies. . Healing <pf the sick was No. 2, and so oh, through precision or foretelling, beautiful draw ings, ' ' last but hot least," photographs of spirits which had been taken, ana recognised in hun dreds of. instances. We hasten to inform the 'impatient reader that although Mr. Tyermin said a great jieal under each head, there were ho photographs for the curious among.the im partial- 500 listeners to jlodk at when -t^e argument grew tedious or at any other time. The evidenee for the reClityof the phenomena was presumptive and direct, .and Mr. Tyer man proceeded at once to divide them into heads. One of' the' presumptions was r ;the~ appearance of spiritual manifestations in all' parts '1 of the world; another, the appear ance of them among all sorts.of pebple.' Hie grounds for believing persons who testified to the phenomena could hot be got into less than Ave heads. Then there was a string of witnesses^-Horace' Greeley ;(candidate for the Presidency of the United States), the late Dr. Campbell, Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, the Rev, Dr. Phelps (who said in a sermon that the same amount of testimony that was given in 'favour of the phenomena would be sufficient to oonvict a murderer in any Court in Christendom outride of Now York),' Professor de Morgan (who considered the physical explanation he had heard miserably insufficient), the late Dr. Elliot son, Robert Bell; Serjeant Cox, and others. Mr. Bell was the author of the article in Cornkill, " Stranger than Fiction," which gave the par ticulars of a stance where Robert Chambers was gratified with the two airs that lus father loved. "Ye banks" was the Scotch air, but the " Last Rose ol Summer" was his favourite " English" air. Why were not phenomena exhibited here similar to the phenomena the 30 witnesses he quoted bore testimony to? Because the movement was comparatively new here. Bnt Mr. Denovan, of Sandhurst, had just written to him of an occurrence there, where, in a circle of persons, the arm of a lady medium of 30 years began to wave about and shake until a white cloud was seen for a momeut or two. Several saw what appeared to be a very beautiful spiritual arm, and all saw what proved to be a halfcrown-piece fall from the cloud into the hands of the medium. Unfortunately, just as Mr. Tyerman had drawn the requisite inferences from this state ment, his half-hour was up, and the wishes of several persons that the same sort of thing might be tried on amongst them were not gratified. Mr. Blair was twice cheered when he rose, but the second and louder cheer was for the able manner in which he took something for the purpose of making-sure that he should be heard clearly at starting. . He had fallen into a trap on the first occasion. The audienee pricked up its ears, and Mr. Blair explained in a few words. In fewer words, he had made the mis take of supposing that everybody had read the several lectures he had delivered on the subject up country, and so had condensed his remarks a little. But he should endeavour to make up for it. First of all, he should clear the ground by disposing of two or three things said by Mr. Tyerman when he wound up the debate last time. A Press friend whom he met in the street had said to him, " Keep off, old fellow; you have got the smallpox." Perhaps when Mr. Blair proceeded to clear the ground in this way, there were persons who first scanned him anxiously, and then wished they had not taken seats so for forward. It was rather startling, until Mr. Blair made it evident that the asser tion about the smallpox was founded upon the fact that he had written an article about small pox. Then, with great dexterity, he Bhowed that Mr. Tyerman had accused him of being on the high road to Spiritualism on the mere fact that he had written an article about "Necro mancy in the 19th Century," one of those scribbling articles which scribbling men write every day of their lives. (Cheers and laughter.) For a few minutes Mr. Blair waspainfully scientific in the definition of the word "natural"—Mr. Sherman had taken exception to it—and Bacion, ewton, Herschel, and Faraday—these kings of intellect—were called in to assist. The phrases "deadened gospel'' and "prigged gospel" were justified. If they did not like prigged he would say stolen; if they objected to stolen (some did), then he should take the intensest adjective he could find—"thieving." No further objections were made. In the use for the tweiriieth time of the words " fundamental and inevendble laws of scientific reason as formulated by Sir John Herschel," Mr, Blair provoked a laugh and an injudicious cry of question. The " loud, laugh which marks the vacant mind" caught it severely from Mr. Blair for about four minutes.' Then were was a joke about an irishman who wrote "S. I." after his name, because he thought the words they stood for were spelled "civil fngineer." Quarter of an hour was still left, and in that tune Mr. Blair showed, with satisfaction to himself and not a few others, that every one of the doctrines of Spiritism, as an nounced on theprevious occasion by Mr. Tyer man—even the one about there being no devil— was af lesst 1,800 years old, some 3,€00 or 4,000. Then he gave a hoiGng-down of the doctrines of Spiritualism, of which the following were the most intei^stingahdthe most contradictory:—'' That the soul is eternal, that it commences itsezis^ tence at oonception, at birth, at maturity, at old age. . That aU are immortal; that some are mortal, that bon are immortal; that the soul is a winged monad in the centre of the brain; thai it gets tired, mid- goes down into the stomach to rest; that the spirits eat food, that they live by absorption,- that they live on magnetism, ana (O, enviable beings!) that they live on love; that they live singly—in groups of nine; that they marry, without having offspring; that they had offspring by mortals,: aim by; each other;. that their marriage is temporary, that it is eternal." But when he came to state some of them' in rather plain English—that murder is right, that lying is right, that davery is right, that the breach of the Seventh Command ment is right—not a few of the andienoe thought proper to hiss; at the same time there were others who cheered. These were the doctrines of Spiritism. (A loud "No.") Let persons who were prepared to say he had never found such doctrines as he had enumerated among the works of spiritualists stand np. (No one stood up who hadnot been standing before. A good many who were crowded into the passage looked as if they would not have : minded sitting down.) Be would not, he could not, stand np before an audience of that kind and forge quo tations. (Cheers.) Mr. Tyerman complained that Mr. Blair had not touched one angle point, and his ramblings led nowhere. . This was not the night for the doctrines—(Oh)—but the phe nomena; and Mr. Blair had to prove that the phenomena were produced by mechanical can sea. (A loud "No," and a louder "Yes," and then an altercation between the two voices. " Why did you say ' Yes?' asked the one. " Because you said 'No," replied the other. Both smiled, and then allowed the attention of the audience to return to Mr. Tyerman. A series of test cases was enumerated. They were chiefly American cases. Two persons received this order from a spirit at a aiance—" Ask Br. G—— for a small sum of money from the chari ties in his possession, and go and purchase fuel for Mrs. ■ , who is in much need." The merit id this case lay in the fact that the recipients of .the message did not know that Dr. G— had the: money, or that Mrs. was in need. Then there was the case of a man whose wealth was divided amongst his* hairs (there is no mis take about this word; it was emphatically '* hairs1')' A person put in a claim for the .payment of a debt of $7,000, but the man who had bequeathed his money in this peculiar fashion came back in the spirit form, and toid the legatees where to find the receipted bill. The only colonial case was that of a gentleman who, in 1852, when between Melbourne arid Kyneton, suddenly woke up from an uneasy sleep, and found out several 1 suspicious men bending over him. Twenty years afterwards — i.e., a short time ;ago — Ije learned through a trance medium 'thht! his deceased sister,'with the help of other spirits, saved his life oh that memorable occasion, for the knew that the suspicious men were going to murder him for the' sake of gold they /supposed he had under his head, "These ; men were frightened - from their .purpose by terrible pictures the: spirits presented to their minds. The spirit gave him farther proofs that she was his sister, for she reminded him of things he used to say in 1868, in the twilight hours, to little children about the stars. A fourth case was one in which a man wished a hand-bell to ring, and it rose six inches off the table arid rang twioe. The half-hour was up before Mr. Tyerman was finished roth the test oases, of which he had 30 handy, and which was most provoking. He had to break off without saying what he meant to have said about the photo graphs which had been taken of spiritual out lines. One was a photograph of the deceased Abraham Lincoln, which his widow had re Blair said—" We have made a -few incisions in this patchwork doll, and shaken out half the sawdust. I don't intend to leave any in," (Cheers.) The cases were disposed of in. a few sentences. Some were dismissed as -most preposterous Yankee ghost stories. Upon the Sandhurst half crown, the-Boston chanty cake, arid the $7,000, Mr. Blair-was severely, ironical. The books were filled with these silly twaddling stories. What proof had we of the facts? Greeley, the witness of mysterious-hand writing, -was the most shortsighted man in America; Dr. Campbell -was utterly ignorant of science; Serjeant Cox stated in- his recent work that the table-rapping was produced by a power in which the! spirits had no part, -viz., by psychics, or, as Punch said, by "sly kicks/' All scientific men were agreed that the pheno mena of which trustworthy evidence had been given-were produced by natural force, and it~ only needed further investigation to drag it into the light. An unformulated law of physical force in the human body,- and a'still-uriformu lated law of the mind, were quite sufficient to account for everything that entered into the stage of human belief. Mr. William Faulkner admitted to the London Dialectic Society that he used to manufacture magnets which produced raps on tables, arid Professor Pepper had under taken by natural means to produce before !a London audience- at the Polytechnic; the spirit bands/the rapping, and all the rest of it^ and then dhow how easily the trick could be done. A grosser or ■ more demoralizing imposture was never attempted to be played off on the human race; riot one new; fact, not one new law, not one new thought, not one new idea, had been given to us by Spiritualism, but simply scan dalous arid shameless immorality. (Cheers, and cries of " Oh.") It was announced that the third discussion would take place on Monday. 