mjt &i;>i»ttfi jwoitttttfl devalo. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1872. Iv tlie Legislativo Council j esterday Mr SAMUBL obtained leate to bring in a bill to make botter prousion for the extinction of fires Hie bill w is brought in and read a first time Ihe Mutual I îfe Association of Australasia Bill to en ilile the compnnj to sue and be sued and otherwise carry on business as a corporate both, was read » second time, on the motion of Mr SAMIRI The bill passeel through committee without amendment Mr bAMtiu mo*ted the second reading of the Public Exhibitions Act Amendment Rill, w hich is to empower the Colonial Secretarj to gront general licenses to persons travelling in the country for the purpose of fcivmg entertainment« or exhibitions Although licenses of tins kind liad been given hitherto, it was found to be an illegal practice The bill waa read a second time, and passed through committee without tniendment Hie House adiounied at i o clock to Wedneeda) next It. the I egislntive Asscmblj, yestcrclaj, Ministers stated, in answer to questions -1 Hint the Government v* ere about to appointa Scrutineer undei the 1-th section of the Municipalities Act to report upon n petition from certain residents of Shoal haven _ 1 hat during tilt tlire-C months ending on the 30lH September lust ol26 tons goods vi ere con lev eel between Bowenfels and the railwav stations to the wistwarel of that plaie " I hat the Free 1'ubhc I ibrary v\ as closed on public holiday i w ith the con curronee of the Government tnd under the directions t f the trustees Mr HAV presented four petitions in favour of the construction of a rail«o) between Ocnihqutn and Monma Mr INM -, gave notice of his intention to move to ela) for the restoration to the business paper of the rcsolutii n in reference to the Broker1» I iodising Hill lhepetition from Mr Gioigc Hill, relating to a road contract and the petition from the Municipal I ouncil of Randwick against the Cemeteries Regula tion Hill were ordered to bi pnntetl Petitions respecting the traflic of the Morpeth Bianih Railwaj to tin 10th October last weieoreleieil on the motion of Mr 1 PK On the Clerk of the House proceeelitig to read tin Orders of the DKV Mr PAUM s rose anti informed the House that about the middle of September the Hon the Colonial Treasurer Mr Piddington became von ill when the lion member oflcreel to retire from the Government but ni the hope that his health would be restored ?nid frcm i strong unwillingness to lose his valuable services a» i member of the Government his col leagues induceil lum to withholil his resignation Hie lion member s health did not improve and in the interest of the countrv and out of regtird tor Mr Piddington the Government were vesterdaj com pelled to assent to the propnetv of his resign ing Mr Piddington sent his resignation to his 1 \cellenc) the Governor that dav (Ihurada)) audit had been accepted 1 he most perfect feeling of goodwill and unniiinutj evisted between Mt i Piddington ind his lute colleagues anil there was ro foundation for rumours which had obtained circu latioubj some means of disagreements having occurred between them He (Mr Parkes) was sure the House would hear with pam that the lion gentleman was not like'v to appear m the House for some time in consequence ol his health demanding chance of scene and change of circumstances ile moved with the concurrence of the House, that leave of absence be given to Mr Piddington foi the remainder of the session Mr Roi CUTIOS seconded the motion, and expressed his regret at the cause of Mr Piddington s resignation Hie motion was put and carried Hie Equitv Law Reform Bill vi as introduce I by Mr BVTIEK, read a first time, and its second reading appointed for that dat week The House then went into Committee of Supplj, to which was referred his Excellency the Govcrnoi s message, and the accompanj mg Estimates Mr PAnKEa after some preliminar} remarks in e\ Slanation of the dutj of making the financial speech evolving upon him, said that m order to make the House elearl> understand the condition of the finances, he found it con ventent to start with the account-, fiom the 1st Januarv, 1871 when, according to the statement of the hon member for the Bogan (Mr I ord), there .»as a deficienc} of £334 000 Parliament ga\e its authority tor the issue of Ireasurv bills to cover that deficiency nnd, after it was balanced m that way Mr Lord estimated there would be a surplus at the end of 1871 of £21 >G7 18s 'id The hon member who succeeded Mr Lord a« Treasurer, Mr Pidding ton, in his stntement of the following }ear converted the surplus into a dehcienc} of £20,02''0s lid He (Mr Parkes) reduced the dcficicncv at the close of 1871 to £H0o7 is 3d and it was due to the hon member (Mr 1 ord) for him to sa\ that it was pos Bible the amount would be still further reduced b} savings He however, commenced willi tlie deficienc} of £11037 Is 8d on the 1st Januar}, 1872 He had the satisfaction of stating that, notwithstanding tim the expenditure for 1872 ínciuaeu large paj monts ot an exceptional character, he estimated, after close examination of the accounts and consultations with the oihcials of the Treasurj and Lands Departments, there would be a surplus at the end of the }ear of £87,887 7s 4d This surplus Mould, according to his statement, exist, although the> had paid off the Treasur) bills for £343,000 which arrived at maturit} on the 0th Ma}, Hie Estimates for general services for 1873 were set down at £2,007,848 Ils 5d , and th» Estimates for public works and other services to be provided for b} loan were set down at £l,oG2,000, making a total of estimated expenditure of £1,109,848 Us 5d He estimated that the revenue for 1873 would amount to £2,714,289, to which was to be added the oana for public works, amounting to £1,502,000, and also the surplus of £i>7,887 7s 4d from 1872, comprising in all £ 1,364,17G 7s 4d He consequenth estimated that there would be a surplus on theolstDecember, 1873,of£194,327 lös lid lie had made reductions m ti e accounts of estimated revenue sent into the Treasur) to the extent of £70,000, and he was convinced that the estimated surplus would reallv be to the credit of the Consoli- dated Revenue at the end of the } ear The state of tlie revenue showed that the tolon} was in a prospe- rous condition Tin« prosperity had grown out of circumstances to which all, oi nearl) all, the indus- tries of the countr) were indebted for new impulses lhere was in the land revenue nlone an increase of £100,000, and m the revenue for mineral leases an increase of £139,000 Hie increases from all sources in connection with the Department of Lands .imounted to no less a sum than £34G,á00 The Customs levenue showed large increases, but it was I made clear from the accounts furnished b) the Collector of Customs that but little of the additional rev enue from Customs w as due to the tariff of the previous Government In fiarning the Estimates for 1873, the Government considered it expedient to restore the reductions made m the salaries of the (ml servants m IS?I, which appeared to be but just if for no other reason than that the prices of most articles of common consumption liad advanced. The Government were not unmindful of tho dut} of re constructing the public sen ice, and had already done something in this matter. The police lind been placed on a new footing, according to length of service and efficiency, and the same principle had been introduced in the Department of Public Works. In the Loans Estimates there would be found votes for the exten- sion of railways from Bathurst to Orange, from Munurundi to Tamworth, and from Goul- burn light through to Wagga Wagga. Provision would also be found for a new line from the Clarence to the tableland of New England. It was proposed to construct the latter line on a gauge of 3 feet G inches, in the belief that it would not be expensive, and that it would secure for Sydney the trade of the districts contiguous to the Queensland border. Parliament would be asked for a vote of £J0,0GO towards immi- gration ; and the Government hoped railway contrac- tors would import labourers in connexion with the scheme, so that the completion of the lines to the points mentioned would be expedited. The hon. member then referred to proposed votes of £50,000 for the erection of bridges over the Parra- matta River, £10,000 tor a lighthouse at the Seal Rocks, £20,000 for new public oflbcs, £15,000 for Sydney defences, and £10,000 for trial surveys. Ile said that it was estimated the cost of the Parramatta Uiver btidges wpuld be covered by the sale of the Field of Mais Common. The trial surveys were re ! - ? quired for ritlway Unca in contemplation, from Mudgee to the Great Western Railway, and from Bathurst to Tambaroora Hie Government intentled to abolish the collection of tonnage dues nt N't vycastle, Wollon- gong, and Kiama from winch about £7000 por annum «as now received Hie loss of this revenue and the ndditional expense of the mining department about to be formed, would reduce the surplus to £180 000 In the vote for the Perma- nent Infantry 1 orce, a reduction of tlO 000 waa matlc -which was cqu ilised by an addition to the vote for education to the same extent The Government mtendid, it they continued in oilice, to review, next session, the whole of tho taxation of the oountrj, with the object of removing unnecessary restrictions to trade, and raising rev enuc from as few commodities as possible He concluded by moving an estimate Mr KoiiKitrnov remarked upon the absence of pipers explanatory of the accounts, and wished to sec the consideration of the financial statement postponed until the papers were produced Mr MAC LEA\ said the proceedings m reference to the 'tnancinl statement were then merely formal, but lie took advantage of the occasion to adt ert to vanouä matters referred to m the speech of tho lion the Colonial Secretar) Ho ridiculed the railway policy of the Government for being marked by lnconststencj, .ind gild that the hon the Colonial Secretary had made it very difficult to get the Border duties question settled through his taking the interests of South Australia tinder his protection Mr GAUIIKTT commented upon the extravagance of the Lstimntes, and the efforts of the Government to secure support by unnecessary votes for publio works Mr BuTLitu denied that the salaries of the Civil servants were increiscd, except to the amount of preuous reductisns After further debate, m which Mr leiRSTnit, Mr BIJIUINAV, and Mr OAKRS took part, the Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit t;,aui on W>dnesdu) next Hie House ndioumeel at > 7 p m , until t p ni this da) (Trida)) lit» abolition of the postage on newspapers is supposed bj some members of the A6semblj to be n verj foimidable affair to the Ho aid Others look upon it as undesirable from the supposed benefits it woula confer upon the -ame lournal No Legislature m the world, un less that of this countr}, would be influenced b) such consideration'" Some appear disposed to impose a differential dut). Others think it would lie desirable to compel certain services without charge "We have not at- tempted to examine these schemes We «hall be able to meet anj course as readd) is our neighbours , and vv e onlj remind those who wish spccialh to tax the lleiald in con- sideration of its weight, that journals of half the si/e, if circulated at half the charge bj the post, would cost the same for deliver} , and that weight is onlj one element in Govern ment expense Thus such a system would îequire to take into account both weight and dunnee in order to be trul} equitable, as i question of service performed and received All this has been ignored bj those who have been ver) eloquent in behalf of imposing on the Ile» aid a greater postage It appears, hovvevei, that the pohcj of several countr) newspapers has undergone a change 1 hej vv ish to prevent competition within their circles Hiev therefore wish a penn) to be imposed on metropolitan journals to pre- vent their circulation within their bounds, and the) wish to retain a halfpenn) to prevent siome journe)man printer from attempting to become n proprietor, or the " We " opposite 1 hese, of course, are v er) noble sentiments, and have a ver) "tiong flavour of disinteiestedness and patriotism. We have always been favour- able to the free circulation of newspapers, for the reasons stated by the COLONIAL SECUETARY. Many years ago, when the Empire was in the hands of its original proprietor, we avowed these opinions, and perhaps the only leading article ever copied from the Herald into that journal with marked approbation was that on the subject of postage. It may be fifteen years ago, but it was so peculiar and so special that it remains a unique memorial of fraternal unity. Mr. PARKES has repeated, perhaps with more eloquence, the opinions we then avowed, and from which we have never departed. A postage duty is not a wrong, or a tax ; but it loses Government more than it yields, and is very much like the policy of a tradesman who puts a blind over his window, and fixes a screen over the letters above his door. No doubt if he sell bread in a famine the hunger of the people may make a name or show superfluous. i The discussion went largely into the charac her of the local Press. The remarks of Mr. STEWART were both puerile and ill-natured. The Supreme Court, the only judges of the case on which he has thought proper to make a personal attack, declared an accidental commen- tai)' on a pending question a legal contempt. Mr. STEWART attributes a sordid motive to the acquiescence of the defendants in a judgment which they had no power to dispute, and from which there is no appeal. The question of a few hundred pounds was not in issue, but whether a citizen, though a journalist, Bhould acknowledge judicial authority, or, like a fool or mountebank, attempt, to dispute it. If Mr. STEWART will just utter his Statements unprotected by the SrE.tKLit, in seme public place, it is very possible he will Le able to give an example of that courage which tilts with windmills or butts an approaching train, like the celebrated bull. Such professions may give an im- pression of heroism among those who have not seen it tested : but we should never ad- vise any man to defy a Court of law, except- ing by showing that it has mistaken or exceeded its jurisdiction. A defendant up- holding a com se manifestly wrong, and in defiance of the Judges in the exercise of their office, even if he were as great a person as Mr. STEWAIIT, might find himself lodged some distance from the refreshment room. Mr. lùuisii.ii'.s- strictures on the value of newspapers as guides to opinion is a repe- tition for the hundredth time, and which is merely the "I don't care" ol' the old boyish politician. We have not indeed spent much " leading " matter on Mr. FOKSTEB. He has been excluded from office by his own absurdities. Talk of leading opinion, the only opinion he ever announced with distinctness is that every other man is wrong, or that he pro- bably is wrong, or that he rather thinks him to be wrong, or that he has found out he is wrong since he began to half-suspect he might be right ; so that after hanging for an hour between the possible and probable-balancing jostling ideas, he finally comes to a con- clusion that he shall vote . for the pro- position most distant from that on behalf of which he has spoken. This indeed has been the character of his oratory, and for a considerable time was a true representation of his political position. Mr. FOKSTER does not think the Herald "leads'' public opinion. He thinks there is talent somewhere that would lead public opinion. Mr. FOKSTEK has been writing for newspapers, sometimes being paid for it : and we presume, there- fore, his complaints are partly the result of a private affliction. Perhaps the proprietor he mentioned, however, would give a different reason for not being willing to employ the gifted writer. A proprietor might say to such a candidate that a newspaper is often made the JLO*7_¡, instrument of personal or party-schemes,- to J write some one up or some one down, to keep the pot boiling while waiting for office, or to advance the interests of a party ambitious of power. This might serve the ends of the writer, but would do nothing for the journal. It might attain an end in which no one is particularly interested, and supply a class of writing which, unless spiced with invective, no one would care to read. Knowing this to be the fact, great journals are chary of opcHing their columns to political adventurers. The popularity at- tached to their contributions is very worth- less as a commercial venture, and therefore it is commonly found better to employ profes- sional writers who are satisfied when they have pioduced an article serviceable to the journal and approved by their own consciences, if that should happen to be of any consequence to them, and who especially value at its true worth the ill-tempered and offensive criticisms of gentlemen who have gone into so many corners in search of the truth, and who have offered só frequently to lead the public, but who kneck their heads against a stone wall and so put out their farthing candle. \- ? -- IHL illness and subsequent resignation of the late Colonial Treasurer imponed upon the PittMint the dut} of making the annual financial statement Before opening his Budget last evening Mr. P vinci i confessed that the position was to him a novel one Admitting that it was so, it was onlj tn keeping with surrounding circumstances 'lhere was an absence of those elaborate dis- quisitions on deficits which for j ears past formed so large a portion of financial state- ments and debates that followed , no new taxation to palliate ; no proposals to raise fresh loans to meet current expenses. Instead of these we had congratulations upon the unpre- cedented prosperity of the colon}, and the announcement of a satisfuctor) credit balance at the close of this } ear, coupled w tth anticipa- tions of a much larger surplus it the end of 1873 Hie PKKMIIK'S speech was not overloaded with figures He confined himself to aggregate results, referring members to the printed statements for matters of detail In June last, when Mr PIIMIIM io\ addressed the House on the subject of the public finances, he asserted that his predecessor had left a deficit oí £20,021 This has since been reduced b} savings to £11,057, ind .is uti) further decrease of this balance is likely to be trifling, it is calculated upon as the actual de ficiencv it the commencement of the cutrent }ear. Iheraenue for 1372 wts estimated at £2,154,865. Actual receipts for ten months, and those estimated for November and Dicember, give £2,770,oOô as the real revenue, being an increase of £310 610 on anticipations foimed h\e months ago, and £5oo, 100 m excess of the revenue for 1871. Hie large stirp't ?« has enabled the Government to extinguish the debit balance shown at the beginning ot the )oar, also to redeem £313,200 worth of Treasur) bills due in Ma) list, uid provide £60,700 to meet portions oí the public debt falling due on the <>l«t proximo After defra)ing nil other authorised expenditure for the )ear, as well as making provision foi the Supplemental) Estimates, there is an estimated surplus of £87,887 for 1872. The Piiioin R slated that in calculating the revenue for 1873 he has reduced the amounts supplied to lum from the various public de- partment« b) about £70,000, so that it there should be an errol it will be in the shape of an under-estimate and it thus happens that it is about £06,000 less than this )ear's receipts Including the surplus before mentioned the iggregate amount is £2,802,176, which, with £l,o62,000 to be raised b) loan, brings up the esti mated rev enue to £4,364,17b The expenditure fiom the consolidated revenue fund is expected to absorb £2,607,848 Public works, xc , is per loan estimates, will require £1,^62,000, leading an estimated surplus of £191,327 on 31st December, 1873 It was cleatl) shown that the improved state of the revenue for this )ear was onl) in a vei) small degree due to the last alteiations made jn the tariff 'Hie i whole of the new duties onl) amounted ' to £60,820, an equall) lai,'e sum being obtained from increases on items included in the Thomson tarin. lo the Lands Department is attubutable the altered state of the publtc purse 1 rom it alone £346,500 increase was obtained, and of this sum "sales" is credited with £160,000, and mineral leases with £139,000. The figures given for next )ear are mespective of the creation of a Mininer Minninr Tf this is sanctioned, it will reduce the anticipated surplus by £6822. The estimated expendiiure of the new department will be actually £13,400, but as £6578 of this is repre- sented by votes at present charged to the De- partment of Lands, the chargeable increase will only amount to £6822, as already stated. It is intended to abolish the tonnage dues now imposed at Newcastle, Kiama, and Wollon- gong, on the ground that they are of an exceptional character. If this is done it will deprive the revenue of £7175, and reduce the surplus to about £180,000. Two years ago it would have been considered highly satisfactory if a Colonial Treasurer could state, " I have paid current expenses, and have £87,887 in hand towards reducing the deficit of 1869 and former years.'' This the COLONIAL SECRETARY has been able to say, as well tis refer to the statements of public accounts to prove that within a few months we have discharged nearly one-haif of the accumulated deficits of Trea- surers belonging to preceding Ministries. With such a large balance to deal with it may be asked why the ad valorem duties are not repealed, and Mr. PARKES anticipates the inquiry by stating his intention, if in office next session, to revise our fiscal policy, reduce the public burdens, and simplify the system of taxation. The Government scheme of Railway extension is likely to meet a strong support from both sides of the House. The line to Wagga Wagga is to be completed within three years, the extension of the Western and N orthern within two years, and a narrow gauge line from the Clarence to the borders of Queensland within two and a half years. SUPREME COURT.-Business This Day. Jury Coutt t Spittle v, Andrews ; Gleeaan v. Beaumont and another ; Smith v. Boye« ; Callan v. Walker ; Laker v. Luker. Banco Court : Mossman v. A. S. N. Co., part heard ; Moses and wife v. Moura and wita ; Mangan v. Kiss; Mangan and wife v. same: Holden and others v. Bates and others. In Equity : Before) his Honor tho Primary Judge, at 11 o'clock, motions and petitions : M'Cullnm and others v. Turner, motion for dooroo ; tho Commercial Banking Company et Sydney v. Sempill, hearing ; Thackeray and others v. Mullen and other« (No. 2250), hearing ; Thackeray and othors v. Mullen (No. 2248), hearing. Master's Otllco, at 10.30 : Watts aai another v. Watts and others, minutes of decroe. DISTRICT COURT. - Business This Day. Ca. sa. motions : Levison v. Crocker, Kelly v. Qroon, Clifford v. Kimber, Birch v. Norton, Bogors v. Turner, Stiob v. Brown, Walford and another v. Copeman anel wifo, Cleary v. Green, Davia v, Marshall, Gilroy v. Sim- mons, Cummins v. Munroo, Fitzgerald and another v. Braithwaite), Doyle v. Couilor, Woodruff v. Rogers, to sat off judgment ; Corbett v. Wiles and auoiaor. RESIGNATION OK THE TRBASURBR.-Tho publio will loam with oonnidornble rogret that Mr. Piddington baa boon oouipollod by oontinuod fndispojitlon to r8" sign his ofllco as Colonial Treasurer of the present Administration. His resignation waa tendorod to his Hjoellenoy yosterday morning, and waa aooeptod. Ti» Premier slated tho faot of tho hon. gentlonianVtoBlgoatio« in tho Legislativo At nembly yosterday afternoon, and vm strong feolingn of svmpathy were manifested. On the motion of Mr. Parkes, socondod by Mr. Robertson, Ie»T» at absonoo was granted to Mr. Piddington for tho ramai»*« of the present session. niFi.EAH8octATroN.-A meeting of the council of the Now South Wales Riflo Association was held rai tcrdoy atternoon, at tho Brigado Offioe; Liouionia^ Colonol Richardson in the chair. The timo.tabla f«r»k. mooting was submitted and approved of. an abaiT«? "* which will be found in our aUiing'ooûunns UWM decided that the presentation of prlzsa shall take plaoVoa Saturday, the 21st Dooomber, in tho Exhibition building it can bo obtained for tho purpose, and that the InüíU ¡of1 AÏÏSJi^' íf-VS P;°»»^a ou tte sa°mÄ: tion. A parado is to bo called for an early hour on Moor, Park tho force will then be marohed to tho Exhibition building, and defile into it, oooupying the ground floo?* the galloriw to be reserved for the publio, who will bo «al milted by ticket only. The shiolî is to bo am"ed to ¡ suitablo stand, and carried by tho oompotilors ta th. library where it will bo plaeei. A depuÄ waa ap! pointtd to wait on his Bxcollenoy and solloit Lady Robin- son to present tho Association Prizes and the mèdiU a. dinner is to take plaoo in tho evening. ' hi PAUL'S LITERARY ASSOCIATION.-A meet- ing of the above society was held on Wednesday ovoaiar ¡nat, m the olaes room ot St. Fanl's aoheol, Bodfera, Mr. .Alexander Gordon, president, in the ohair. The No- vember number of tho society's mantuoript aerial, th« Cutir, was read by the editor, Mr. J. 3. Daer. It coa taincd cutióles on " Patronage and False Praise," " Abates enisling in tbo Administration of the Law," " An Amateur Drnmatio Entertainment," a poem ontitlod " Human Life, ' a Under, and a review of the oomoats of tho Bamber. _ discussion followed, taken part in by the president and M of urn Powell, Chapman, Orr, Collins, Christie, Lowry, and Mihcll. TUF MUSEUM - It is proposed to spend £5C,0C0 on the prosent Museum for stono wsrk aloa«, though the building latoly finished is still without proper cabtnots lho whole of tho iiret floor is almost empty, and tbe mineralógica! eel e lion of Australian specimens ia certainty not what it ought to bo. Mining models ara totally wanting, there aro few anatomical preparation?, few plaster oasts of tho many rare objeota with whioh other ruuBcnms aro Qlled, (hero is neither a guide-book nor a cataloguo, and there are ovidently not sulTiolent fand« to keep the wet preparations properly oovored with oolonr lesa spirits and próvido glass jars for all. These wanta nbould bo uUcndoet to withont delay. Tho follow- ing remarks of a distinguished Fronohmaa. (IL lamo) bear considerably on the sabjeot, an* will, no doubt, bo read with great interest " 1 waa prosent latoly at a sitting of a committee of th« He uso, the business was to decide whether the British Museum, whioh is at once a library, a museum, andaool lection of natural hutory, should continue as it is, or whether a portion of it should be removed to anothar locality. Seven or eight members wero before a table ia a li fly room which was open to the publia. They questioned roon of spcoial knowledge, the first, teoretary of a natara! history society, then tho Crown arohitect, then the director of tho South Kensington Museum, and others besides, meiiiiwbiie they took notes. The questions wore exoeed reg!) inmuto and preciso, reiating ii» Ibu way uf srrs&giss; collection» of animals, to the nnmbor of specimens possessed, to tho advantago of exhibiting together the male, female, and the young, to the number of visitors, to their age ami condition, to the days when thoy were most numorous, ta the number of sqnaro feet contained in the building, to t_> interior arrangement«, io. This is how one obtuae in- formation by inquiry and oountsr inquiry, with Urara», details, certainty, acquisition of positive and applloabl» evidence. What a guido and what a oorreotive is ex- perience How much good sense is wantod to trust to it Alone' How touoh art and cara are wanted to faoait, rejeot it, limit it, rectify it, rigidly apply it. and how far ti ure we from this good political education r ' ftuRoiOAt, OPERATIONS.-OU Friday last («aya the ßatl,nr$t Free iYwj) two operations wore performed in i he Bathurst hospital. In one oasa a man namod Thomas I'rullor was suffering from a oanoer on his tongue, and the tongue was so successfully removed that Trotter waa deemed, well enough to leave the hospital on Tuesday. In tan other oai9, a man named Cornelius Ryan has for soma, time past been Buttering very severely from'pains in bia right arm, whioh was completely paralysed, and as the lima was perfeotly useless and the pains oould not ba remorad, amputation was resorted to. Ryan, on Saturday, waa enabled to superintend the burying of tho amputated Umb. ACCIDENT TO A. II. JACOB, ESQ., M.L.A.-' The Neucattle Chronicle lays-An accident of a very pala ful nature happened on Saturday lartt to this ganueutam. whereby he is likely to be deprived of the use of ona of hit eyes. From what wo oan learn, Mr. Jacob waa onttfaf . " piece of bamboo in bia garden, at Raymond Terrace), when , a splinter from it went into his eye. He has sinoe suffer*! intense pain, so much so that at limes he is quite delirious. .SCHOOL TREAT.-On Weducsday last, ti»« . G It bo Congregational Sabbath School held its seo»! annual picnic At an early hour the scholars and their friends wero conveyed by steamer to the ploasant grounds of Chowder Bay. JDuiing the day the scholars engaged im a variety of sports, and were feasted by their teachers and friends. Shortly after 5 p.m. they oommeuoed their retara, which was accomplished without accident. Tho henny ocuntenanoea of the young people testified that Uley hw fully enjoyed thou excursion. MASONIC PICNIC TO PENUITU ZIOZAO. The Brethren of Lodge Kilwinning and their friend« had a l'.WÜ excursion and pionia yesterday to the Penrith Zig Zag. At 3 o'clock in the morning, a train started from toa Redfern station with some 400 persons, who, after a sk»rt May at Penrith, were landed at Wasooe's shortly before II 'o'clock. Unfortunately a drizzling rain fell throughout the forenoon, and the excursionists who had originally intended to have held their pfenio in the open air, wera compelled to take shelter in the Pilgrim Inn, and in another hottW ia itf neighbourhood. Dinner was provided by Mr. Compagnoni. . The weather cleared up somewhat in the afternoon, and the excursionists betook themselves with spirit to danoing, rricket, quoits, &c.; The party returned to Sydney in safety shortly after 7 o'dock in the evening. BAZAAR IN AID OK THE HouhK OK THE GOO» SIIEMIEUD.-Yesteiday afternoon, a grand haza« waa opened in the new schoolroom, in ojrraeotiou with St. I-rancia' Church, Haymarket, the prooeeda of which an to go towards the reduction of the dobt on the newly-ereoted House of the Good Shepherd. The large hail of to* school waa decorated throughout ita whole extent (130 feet by 40 feet) with banners and tasteful designs in foliage. Ihe stalls were so numerous that the whole of the interior ¿paco waa taken up with them and their oontents. About balf-past 3 o'dock in the aftornoon, the bazaar waa visited by tho Hon. Lady Robinson and family, who were warmly cheered. They were met at the main entrance to the balli- . leg by the Rev. Mr. Sheridan and othor clerical and lay gentlemen, a band ander the leadership of Mr. Budd play- ing tho National anthem as her ladyship and party entered. Lady Bobinton visited the whole of the stalls, and made numerous purchases. Sho loft aftir having spent nearly un honr in inspecting the exhibits, and having expressed her intention of paying th« bazaar another visit. The stalls aro all numbered. Their , contents aro so sumeroui and so elegant that it would be impossible to do moro than montion the more important or striking article» shown at eaoh. In Stall No. 1 aro a care- fully embroidored cbaeube and stole; The Agony in the Garden of Getbsemane, skilfully exeouted in Berlin wool ; ni engraving of a Madonna after Raphael SaneioO'Ur bino ; a statuette of Juno in Parian ; an engraving of the Last Supper, from Ila Vinci ; and an elegant work-box in papier maché. Stall 3 has also some fine engravings and Himples of Berlin wool work ; while No. 5 has an eflootiva dleplay of embroidery, dolls of all complexions and size, vases of a chaste design, and wax flowers so exeoatod as to imitate nature very closely. Tho most striking objoot ia Stall 7, is a sketch in crayons, from a painting m the poa fcsston of the Prince of Wales, entitled, " On the Alert-or Danger ia sigh," a scene in an Arabian desert, copie! with wondetfnl fidelitv and skill, by an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum at Parramatta, named Pearson, who bad been educated at Oriel College, Oxford. The f arno stall contains a pretty screen in woolwork, the design of which introduces a number of elegantly-plumaged bird«. Apparently the most important exhibit in Stall 9, ia a pioturo representing " Our Lord and St. Matthew ;" while in No. 11 is shown " The Assumption of the Virgin" and lorne Uno specimens of lace and wool work, and in No. 13 there is a carefully executed oopy by a young lady of a painting by Sasso Ferrato. Tbero are some valuable oopiea of paintings on religions eubjeots in Stall 15, as well a> soma very tasteful articles wrought in Berlin wool. Befrosh ments are to be found in great profusion at Stalls 17 and l8. The contents of No-.. 16 and 14 aro also very varied in character, and are well worthy of inspection. There are >omo very fine specimens of lettering and illumination shown at Stall 12 ; the work of the artietio band of toa patient of the Parramatta Asylum, already referred to. The ornamentation is in very good taste, and the oolonrs used by the draughtsman have ovidently been seleoted with caro. The execution of Our Lord's Prayer is decidedly gcod, tbo lettering being ornamented by a border of flowers (coloured), which alone shows ereat merit. On the same tablo is a pretty Bhiine-in tho form of a oenotaph, exeouted in white marble. Valuable samples of laoe imported from Limerick are shown at Stall No. 10, while at Stall 8 the« are some first-olats specimens of Berlin wool-work in the shape of ottomans, footstools, and screens. The article» exhibited at No. 6 aro chiefly of the same desoriptien. Some vestments, over which a great deal of labour and caro baa evidently been expended, the handiwork of th<> Sisters of the Good Sbephord, are shown at Stall No. 4, while at Stall No. 2 there is a profnse display of Irish laoe. The bazaar was visited by several hundred persons in tha course of the afternoon and ovening. In toe forenoon a bnnd, under the control of Mr. Budd, played a number of mutical selections, while in the evening that oooneotîd with St. Frauds' " discoursed " a number of popular airs in a manner that gave general satisfaotion to lae visitors. I« niav be mentioned that the bazaar will remain open for tome day», i TUB NEW R. C. CATHEDRAL AT GOULBURN. On Sunday last the Roman Cathollo Cathedral, latoly «.noted in tho township of Goulburn, was oponed with "eat oeremony by Arohbiehop Polding. Tho follewing BifhoDS and clergymen osMsfed at the opening ooromonies : -The Right ltev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst; the RtffhtRov. Dr. Mahonoy, Bishop of Armidalo; tho Right «igo*"uV",' "¡.¿:" "f An"\y.,.rn. tv.« v"" rt«" diocese (Albury); the Vory Rov. Dr. Forrest, Rector of fit John's College, Sydney; tho Very Rev. Dean Fordo, Sr'deey; tho Vcrv Rov. P. Dunno, Goulburn; the Reva. Fathers Garavol, Collotti, and D'Aroy, Sydnoy ; tho Rev J. Dowling, Albury ; tho Rove. J. Dunno and L Keating, Burrowa; the Rev. H. M. Finnigan, Young; tho Rev. J. Gallagher, YOBS; and tho Reva. M. Slattery, B. M'Carthy, and - Dwyor, Goul- burn. The following is a detailed description of tho new building :-The length of tho now portion is 05 feet, and the width 6S feet ; nave in tho olear, 34 foot 3 inohos ; tiido-alfllea in the clear, 13 foot 6 inohes. The holght of the olerostory from under the baso is 37 feet 6 inches ; height of side-aisles, 17 feet C inohes. 'J ho height of the gablo, from the bane-lino to top of onus, is ll> foet G ¡oches. The gable has in it a foar- mullion window 11 feet wide and 21 foot high, with rich tracery. Tho sido- aisles and olorostory alio have windows with mullions and tracery. Tho door fioing Bonrko-streot is richly moulded, is M fcot high and 7 feet wido, and has a door-hoad of neat traoery. The window-jimrjfl, window-sills, arches, copings, kaoeafonos, triangle-caps, buttrees-caps, quoins, and baso, aro all of Wingello stone, from the quarries of Mr. Chapman of ¿orowollon, end is the best stono procurable. All the mnllioQS and tracery aro of Pyrmont stono. Tho walls are of a blue »tono quarried in the neighbourhood of Goulburn, which, contraMed with tho Wingello Btono looks very hand Honie. The pillara Insido the church aro of Malmsbury bluestone from Victoria, and aro oaoh I foot 9 inohoa in dlunotcr, ootngon-sbaped, with tho caps and bases rlohly moulded and finely tooled. The arches of tho pillan are of Wingello atono. The height of the arohes and shafts is 22 feat from tho (loor-line and 12-fcot span. Tho slender blue- stone pillars and the massive work whioh they uphold have a beautiful cílíct. The roofing, tho plates, and pur lines aro of Oregon timber. The ceiling is of pino, »tamed and efircfsbed. The pillars rest on corbels, und havo moaldud ribs resting on them and forming arohos undor the celling. All epacdrlls are filled up with rioh tracery, und a string mould tuns on the wall and abuts against oach principal. The rafters arc all stop-ohamfered and ceiled on trip. The side aisles are also boarded on the top of tho rafters. The principals and rafters aro all itop.oham-" fered. Ali the ceilings are etained and varnished. The roof i» covered with best Bangor slates. Tho appearance of the church irmiclo is very fine, and when tho whelo building ia ooaipletod it will be ono of the finest churches out of Sjdney. The entire length of the ohnrch when finished, according to the plans, will ho 138 feet and the width of traniept S3 feet ; heighth of tower and spire, 170 feot 6 inches. The building bas been ereotcd undor tho super- vision of Mr. Ptorobuco, who supplied the plans, and who deserves great praiïe for tho vory ellioient way in whioh the work his been completed. TITANIC SAÍN n -A London telegram, received a few days ago, dates that the titanio sand shipped from Attitralfa is almost worthiest This sand oontatn» a motal called Titanium, and its qualities are thus statod in 'Chamberís Kncyclopa-dia" -"It is a comparatively rare metal, whicb, according to the method by which it is procured, occurs ss a gray, heavy, iron-like powder, whioh burn« with brilliant scintillations ia the air, and is con- verted into titanic ac'd, or in prismatio orystala. At 212 degrees it decomposes water, and it ts soluble in hydro oilono acid It is obtained in tho crystalline form by heating sodium in the vapour of bichloride of titanium It never ocours native, Dut is lound in association with othar elements m various minerals, of which the most important wiAnattase, Rutile, and Bioohtte, containing titanio add, Tilar.ite, containing silicate of lime and titania aoid, Imviihtie,containing titanite of lime, si¡chyniie,con- taining titanio nnd moble ncids, and the oxides of oerium aal lanthanum and lastly, Titanic Iron, oomposed of bl-ate of protoxide of iron. A remarkable artitloial com- pound of the motal is often found m the form of ooppor coloured onbio orystala, adhonng to the slag» of iron fumaos«. They are h»rd enough to scratch agate, and no sotdttoept a mixture of nitric and hydrotíuorío aoids has aoyaotien on them but they are volatile at an extremoly high, temperature They consist of a combination of eyanido «nth nitride of tmaniuni, and are represented by the re- markable formula, TiCy,3TiN. The most important oompotuid of this metal is Titanic Acid (TiO-), which ocours in tho minerals Mmaecanite and Iierine,~a» btanateof iron, but is mûre common in the uncombined slate, as titanio anhydride, in the form of rutile, brookite, -danaslBBO, each of which possesses a distinot orystalline form, and has a different specific gravity. Henoe, titanio acid in the anhydrous state is trimorphous. It ia usually obtained by a somowhat complicated process frota rutile Titanln- was discovered by Gregor, ae a constituent of aienacoanito, _ 1791 " SPIRITUALISM.- Mr. Techles luis delivered a. second Ieoturo in Melbourne, whioh from the reports appears to havo retulted ina failure. The Weekly Ttmei, alter recording tho fact that to all appearance Mr. Peeble« his been desertod by his friends, goes on to say :-The pro oeediigs were commenced on Monday, by reading a few verses from (tie New Testament, after whioh Sr. Dunn read "a poeta" written by Sbakspearo through a medium. The audience wero told that as the poem was read they would peroeive the authenticity of the inspiration. It wa» a titans of the most stupid plank verse, with the exception of one or two unca pilfered from St. Paul, and it it is a spoci toan of what the immortal William can write now, the sooner he drops poetry the better for his earthly repu- tation. Some one had evidently tried to parody bit« and straps of the text, and a pretty mesa thoy made of it. It commenced ;To be 01 not to le, that's not the question," and it weat on to cay that Shakspeare knew that " Mortality is swallowed np in Ufe." ' ila also dfftireâ the world (through the medium) that there sre no " Macbeths " prowling about in spirit land. Neither ii there any Hamlet, nor even the Ghost of Hamlet's father. There waa no " Desdemona« " to be smothered, and "every Romeo finds hie Juliet." Thoso portion« of the ".reading" which were not rubbish like Uti«, wore «nob liltetations as " Thus ignorance makes cowards of us all ; " .ttd it wound up with some other liberty taken with the " To be, or not to be " line. SÜÍOJJLAU CHARGE OF SELLING BOTTLED ALE WITHOUT A LtcEjisE.-The Fea/: Motent Telegram of November 2 reports the following CBBO :-" At the Pollos Court, Clermont, on Tuesday, Dr. Candiottis was charged with selling some bottled beer without a,spirit iioense. He pleaded guilty to the charge, stating that tho beer in ques- tion was sent up from Rockhampton, by Mr. Shaw, for stfe by auotion. He, acting for Mr. Shaw in a friendly way, piaood it in the hands of an auctioneer, but noono would buy it when it was offered at auction, as it was very bad. It was then etored on his premiaos, and 'na(Dr,CandÍ9ltiít) acting in ignorance, had been trying to ?eil it ever since. A few days ago he found a bayer, and *u only too glad to rid his premises of an incumbrance. It w11 paid for by a cheque payable to G. B. Shaw or order, and bo derived no consideration from tho transaction, Beling moroly as a friend, and in ignorance that he was infringing tho law. When summoned he undo inquiry, and Ending that he had committed a breaoh of the Act, he determined at once to plead guilty,-and, having explained the matter to tho Bench, to ieave the case in their hands. No evidence waa taken, and the Bench inflioted a penalty of £30 and coate, We have been requetted to state that lèverai of Dr. Candiottis' friends desired to subscribe tho amount of the penalty, as a proof of their belief that ho aoted in ignorance of the law, but we understand it does not fall upon him, but on Mr. Shaw, of Rockhampton, whosa speculation of two years ago has turned out rathor j ta eipBtuive affair." THE OI?ERA.-Yesterday evening the opera of "Maritana" was produced for the purpuso of introducing a young lady amateur in the role of the heroine It is not luna!, cor is it just to criticise the performance of a iéutaríe who appears simply as an amateur ; but when praise is due it should not be withheld. The opera is familiar ts overyone in this city, and is among the most popular productions ; to some extent the taking muaio nukes it so. The young lady who appeared last night Mg the music well, and is without doubt the most suo ouafrd vocal amateur that has appeared in the lyric drama of this, and perhaps of any other Australian, colony. ItiFLGSHOOTING.-No. 5 Company latS.B.V.R. against Newcastle V.R.-Tho third of a series of matones between these companies took place on Saturday last, No. G "nug at Paddington, and the Newcastle corps at their own wtti. The vfind at both places was very strong from H.B., weather fine. As will bo seen from the soores, the Hewc&atlo; Company is ogain victorious, with a splendid «ore of 419 points- almost an average of 42 per man. loey have thus won two out of three matches. The terms ware on this occasion slightly modified, any position being allowed throughout, ten men aside, five shots, and one «Ignting shot each at 200, 500, and 600 yards, the losers to pteaent a panter to the highest scorer on each side, who on ¡Jil occasion were privato John Waddell with 60 points for newoaitlo, and private Peter Rice with 49 points for No. 6. »»jor Richards acted as umpire for Newcastle, and Lieu ï'1»* Mackay, of East Maitland, for No. 5 Company. He following aro the scores : NlWCABllr COMFUiV, ,. . 200 500 COO ToUl. I r.vjie John Waddell. 17 l8 15 - 50 »'.Henderson . 15 15 IS - 48 tipUji Brown . 17 IS 15 - 45 ueutciuint Arnott ... ... l8 14 12 - 44 UiratoJ. Butrones ... ... 17 12 14-43 P.-Stakes. IG 15 U-42 U.M. Bohle . 17 It 12-40 H. Stokes ... ". 10 7 14 - 37 jergeaot Randall ... ... 14 9 12 - 35 Ir.ute-J, Henderson ". 15 .9 li - 35 Total .419 " . " No, 5 COMFANY. ¿«Tate P. Rice . 15 l8 10 - 49 Hergcaat 0. Leo . 14 l8 13 - 45 tolour.Bc.rgoantB.Marakall ... 14 8 10 - 38 ensign D'Ariettn . -15 17 5 - 37 Corporal Evans . 15 IO IO - 35 ¡"«"on . 10 li 0 - 33 sergeant W. Brewster ... 15 . 8 7 - 30 >Y, Foakctt . 1C 12 0 - 28 Private T. Geary ... . 13 [1 j _ 26 Corporal C. OriBith* ... ? %,.' 12 5 8 - 2Í Total ... ... . ' ..'. ' ' ... "ató te Total «ewoMfle »luting by 73 points. 