the great fire at yedo. We have been favored by Mr T. W. Sheppard, Secretary to the Commissioner of Public Works, with a copy of the Japan Mail, of the 9th April, which contains the account of a fearful fire that recently desolated Tedo, the capital of Japan. It swept two square miles of t\ie. city, destroyed 5000 bouses, and rendered 20,000 persons house Itsa, The fire broke out about . 3'15 p.m. on Wednesday, 3rd April, in an Aidzu Yashiki, within the seoond moat of the castle. A gale was raging at the titiie, dtid the sparks and taming shingles Bpread far and wide. Suddenly the fire jumped as it were the two moats; the intervening roads, and. a whole block d'f hoiUBes, and then struck a Japanese housej and with almost [the [speed of lightning rushed onwards towards the Tokaido or Imperial highway. Speaking of this part of the city after the fire an eye-witness BayB,-^"The space betweeft the castle and the Tokaido is now nothing but a heap of ruins, with here and there a mud go down standing uninjured, like the ghost of the bbtises which before surrounded it, Not one stone remains standing on another; not one house has escaped the general destruction—from the j^ihou Bashi downward in a line With Tsukiji, and from the Castle to; the ,aea ia ®e bare field of desolation and ruin. Crossing 'he Tokaido, the houses have been burnt in every direction, and the people rendered houseless have camped out. Dejected and sorrowful they sit in groups round a mat or blanket, on which is spread a little food ; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with the thousands who are houseless it is impossible for any but government to administer to their relief.'' The fire burned for about twelve hours, when its' further progress was stayed by the sea. Had the wind shifted, however, during the night the con flagration would have proved more disastrous than it was. The following is the account given by an eye-witness of the soenein Yedo during tlie ure:~<> At 3.15^ when the fire broke out,- no one thought anything of it; but as it leaped from block to block, firing at several places at once, the danger was felt to be imminent. The troops in the Yedo Hotel were sent into a plade of Safety^ and several foreigners living in the French Hotel removed their baggage to the foreign settlement; Another gentleman who was near the Castle at 'he outbreak of the fire, saw at least fifty persons carried by on stretchers nearly all dead, while a witness, who was in Tsukiji, saw great numbeta dead by suffooation or iire. Mothers thew their children from them into the water to be drowned, 0r on the ground to be burnt,- and rushed on to B'Te themselves. Two-sworded meuj drnnk with excitement, cut and hewed in all directions, and tbe men who were seen disabled by Bwor.l cuts were too numerous to oount. In o.intrarli<itirie tion to this, daught rs were to he B en carrying their fathers and mothers uw;>y; children just old enough to know what was j4oitjg on hclpel to save their p-.rents from destruction ; and what was more touching than all was to seo in the distance people falling under their burdens, to be overtaken by flames before they could rise. Such scenes as these lend an additional horror to a sight already sufficiently terrible, and though at this stage, when all is excitement and uncertainty, the loss of life and property cannot be accurately judged, we feel assured that we have under rather than over-stated the extent of the misfortune." The loss of property is estimated at a couple of million dollars. ■S, A Register, June 5. 