MISCELLANEOUS. Skin Ghafting.— The N. Y. ' Tribune' says that occasionally the pviblic hear through the newspapers and medical journals of ' skin graft ing.' This is a curious surgical operation, but is now not uncommon in the hospitals and in private practice Professor A. B, Mott, of Bel* lovuo Hospital, has introduced a novel practice. Somo timo aao an Irish woman in this city was severely injured by tho oxplosion of a kerosene lamp by which her clothing was set on fire ; and her right arm, and her right breast down to her stomach, wero frightfully burned. She was removed to Bellevuo Hospital and placed in Mr. Mott's ward. Her case was under treat ment for months, and the patient appeared in curable. At the same timo a man named M'Clenhan was in tho hospital, whose leg had been amputated at tho thigh. Dr. Mott con sidered that he might use the healthy skin from the limb in one more effort to cure the disabled woman. He resolved to test the operation in 'grafting.' Eighty-nine pieces of integuments each about one-sixteenth of an inch square, were cut from the amputated limb .before the natural warmth had passed out of it, and by gentle pres sure applied to as many points of tho great open sore on the woman's breast and arm. Of these eighty-nine-pieces, oighty adhered and became part of her system. The cure is now perfect, and the nian who gave of his body to heal the woman's is also well. A Baby Snow in Scotland. —A baby show was recently held in Dundee Cattle Market: Mr. Cars-well, the. proprietor of Va\ighan's auction establishment, was the director of the exhibition. He it was who offered a prize for tho heaviest baby, one for the handsomest baby, and one for tho best dressed baby, arid who there by caused all the commotion. About a score were selected out of the forty-six entries, and displayed on the platform of his caravan. The cheers of the crowd as the little dears were trotted oxit were hearty in the extreme, and the laughter was not less so. All the children had to bo under 12 months. old, and it was intimated that they would bo judged 'in proportion to their ago.' The winner of ' an elegant silver plated tea and coffee service,' which was the prize for- the heaviest baby, was Master John Dewar,-five months old. Master John weighed 38i- lb. He was stoutish aud had good bone. The young gentleman who was allotted the en viable position of being the handsomest baby, was Master John Minto. His age was stated to be five months, and his weight 36A lb. He was not very fat nor was he very tliin. Surely, however, this award was a mistake Wero there no girls — we beg pardon, wo forgot that vulgar word is now obsolete — were tliore no ' young ladies' among the competitors 1 In all gallantly cne would have thought this prize would have gone to one of them. Evidently, too, Mi'. Cars well had intended the prize for a young ' lady' when lie selected ' a magnificent silver tea-pot' as the article. The bost-dressed baby was declared to be Master Forrest. He had on a scarlet dross trimmed with black velvet, and for this he was awarded ' a splendid silver cruet.' His ago was also five months, and his weight 34 lb. Du. Livingstone's Choice of a Grave. — Tho London correspondent of the 'Glasgow Herald' writes : — Hero is an anecdote related by Mr. Stanley, which seems to me character istic of our great traveller ; but of this I shall give, not Mr. Stanloy's own words, but the sub stance of what he said. Your readers will judge for themselves : — Ono day during the long excursions which Livingstone nnd Stanley made together, the party had ridden for hours through a dense brake, in which tho stalks of grass rose above their heads. Suddenly they came to an open space, in the centre of which was a tree and over which green herbage grew. The spot was at once refreshing to the eyo and soothing to the mind. Gazing on tho scone for a few minutes, Dr. Livingstone then turned to his companion and said — ' There's where I should like to lie.' The youthful and vigorous Anieri ca'n replied — 'Doctor, you must not think of dying, but of living and of finishing your dis coveries.' Tho elderly traveller still went on in the same strain, saying that he always thought of tho grave as a still and peaceful place — the end of life's vain tiuimlts — and that this spot entirely realised his anticipations. Probably it recalled the spot on the Zambesi where he buried his wife. Mr. Stanley still refused to take the sombre view of tho matter, and he said — 'But Doctor, you must not think of dying in Africa — certainly not to bo buried there. You must be in St. Paul's or West minster Abbey ; that is the place for you.' This appeal had not the effect 'of dispelling Dr. Livingstone's melancholy mood. I think Mr. Stanley is even now unable to understand why the groat traveller should be as contented to lay his bones in a quiot resting place in Africa as to have them laid in either of our national mauso leums. It seems to me that the story — simple though it be — is eminently 'characteristic of tho two men, and therefore I make it public. Ironclaus and Torpedoer. — A special cor respondent of the ' Times,' who accompanied tho Channel Fleet of fifteen ironclad^jjn a recent cruise, writes : — When the men had done their dinners — always the fixed reckoning point in a ship's1 day — tho Agincourt and Sultan asked per mission to haul out of the line to try torpedo ex periments. Tho Agincourt experimented by herself, but Captain Vansittart, of the Sultan, thought he might as well see what ho could do with one or two of his neighbours, One of Har vey's torpedoes, of a size to have contained 701b of gun-cotton, was got ready and lowered over the taff- rail. This evil-looking engine is shaped liko tho American otter,' used in fishing, and moves rapidly through the water at right angles to tho power that is towing it. Tho wire rope to which it is attached is coiled on a drum, con trolled by strap-breaks, which prevent it un winding too fast, and tho torpedo is fitted with triggers, which, on striking against the side of a vessel, break among the powder or gun-cotton, a glass tube filled with sulphuric acid. About 200 yards of wiro rope wero rim out, and tho Sultan was mado to steam rapidly past tho Hector ; tho torpedo, dragging its cork buoys after it, coursed foaming through the water, rising and falling as a porpoise swims, but it missed tho Hoctor. Captain Vansittart was more successful with the Penelope, a double screw, and tho torpedo was made to strike her fairly under tho quarter. With a tremendous jerk which nearly dragged tho drum and tho breaks and tho men that held them overboard, the wiro rope was broken close to the torpedo, most probably by one of the Penelope's screws ; and when a boat had picked up the deadly toy again, both the triggers were found depressed, and had the gun-cotton been there, tho Pene lope, with her rudder and screws blown to bits, and her stern port shattered, would most likely havo sunk a few minutes after the Sultan had mado the signal ' Torpedo successfully exploded undor the Penelope.' Practically, howover, the Sultan is not tho sort of ship from which to work a torpedo. In action^ she would have enough to do to work her eight 4.00-pounders effectively ; and'what if in some sudden exigency of fighting sho was forced to go astern, and, which would be exceedingly possible, came rub bing up against hor own petard ? This would nover do, and the propor torpedo vessel would bo a small swift steamer, which could tow an in fernal machine or two after it at a great pace through an onomy's fleet on a dark night. Singular FATALAcciDENT.—Georgo Seymour, aged 20, son of Captain Soymour, Auckland, struck himself with the IobIi of a whip whilst driving stock. Tho wound gradually got worse, and symptoms of tetanus set in. Shortly after wards his jaw sot as firm as a vice, and ho died. Queer Mistake.— A rather awkward typo graphical error occurred in a recent issue of the ' Sydney Morning Horald.' In its Biimmary for homo readers an account wns given of tho recep tion into a cortain roligious order of some Roman Catholic ladios. The exact words used should havo been : — ' The ceremony of clothing six postnlants in tho habit of the order,' tfce. Some sensation was caused amongst a large section of the Sydney community by the substitution of tho word ' Protestants' for ' postulants.' Concerning a Dictionary. — This sketch, by Mark Twain, is from the mouth of one Coon, 'a nice bald-headed man at tho hotel in Angel's Camp,' in the Big Tree region of Calaveras County, California. It waa to a request for a loan of a book, to enliven a rainy day, that Coon roplied ; ' Well, I've got a mighty responsible old Webster's Unabridged, what there is of it, but they started her sloshing around before I got a chance to read it myself ; but she went to Murphy's and from there sho wont to Jackson Gulch, and now she's gone to San Andreas, and I don't expect I'll everseo the book again. But what makes mo mad is that for all they're so handy about keeping sashaying around from shanty to shanty and from camp to camp none of 'em got a good word for hor. Now Codding ton had her a week, and she was too many for him ; he conld'nt spell the words ; he tackled them, regular busters, toward the middle, you know, and they throwed him. Next Dyer, he tried hor a timo, bnt he pronounced 'em all kind o' ways. Dye can hunt quail and play seven-up as well as any man, understand, but he canft pronounce worth a cent. ; he usod to worry along well enough till he'd flush one of them rattlers with a chatter of syllables as long as a string' of sluice boxes, and than he'd lose his grip and tlirow up his head. And so, finally, Dick Stoker harnessed her up there at his cabin, and sweat over her and wrestled with her for as much as three weeks, night and day, till he got as far as R. and then passed her over to Lige Pickerfell, and said she was the allfiredest dryest reading that he ever struck.' Religious Dispute. — A Catholic priest at Auckland refused to give Mr. Freer, M.P.C., absolution, or read the burial service over him, unless he renounced Freemasonry. This ho re fused to do, and after Freer's death, Bishop Croko was appealed to, but refused to give the burial service, or permit thn burial on Catholic ground. Tho Presbyterians therefore gave the ground, and the service over the grave was wholly Masonic, read by the Master of the Lodge. Over 400 wore present. Father Norris writes to the ' Cross,1 stating that Mr. Freer, previous to hisdeath, formally renounced Masonry, where upon Father Norris administered tho last sacra ment, arid the body would have been buried in the Catholic burial ground only that the masons insisted upon holding ceremonies at tho funeral, which tho Bishop refused toallow. ' Liheral Miners. — In the Scotch papers we. find a report of a rather remarkable meeting of Wishaw miners. The men voluntarily refused an offered advance of a shilling a day, because since the last advance on thoir wages, the coahhasters have advanced the price of coal seven shillings per ton ! In the circumstances — the men being unwilling to lie under the imputation of having unduly raised the price of coal — they unani mously agreed to a resolution to the effect — 'That the masters be asked to take the last advance off the price of coal, and take back the shilling' ! ? Spiritualism. — Mr. Peebles has delivered a second lecture in Melbotirne, which from the reports appears to have resulted in a failure. The ' Weekly Times,' after recording the fact that to all appearance Mr. Peebles has been deserted by his friends, goes on to say : — Tho proceedings were commenced on Monday, by reading a few verses from the New Testament, after which Dr. Dunn read 'a poem' written by Shakespeare through a medium. The audienco woro told, that as the poem was read they would perceive the authenticity of the inspiration. It was a tissue of the most stupid blank verso, with the exception of one or two lines pilfered from St. Paul, and if it is a speci men of what the immortal William can write now, the sooner he drops poetry tho bettor for his earthly reputation. Some one had evidently tried to parody bits and scraps of the text, and a pretty moss they made of it. It commenced ' To be or not to bo, that's not the quest icm,' and it went on to say that Shakespeare knew that ' Mortality is swallowed up in life.' Ho also assured the world (through the medium) that there arc no 'Macbetlis' prowling about in spirit land. Neither is there any Hamlet, nor even the Ghost of Hamlet's father. There was no 'Desdemona' to bo1 smothered, and ' every Romeo finds his Juliet.' Thoso-portions of tho ' reading' which wore not rubbish liko this, were such alterations as 'Thus ignorance makes cowards of us all' ; andnt wound up with some other liberty taken with the 'To be, or not to be' line. New Explosive. — George Alfred Lloyd/mer chaut, Sydney, has applied for a patent for li ' Now , compound to be used as an explosive agent, and called Judson's powdor.' Resin, bituminous cool, wheat flour, starch, or sugar, are mixed with nitro-glycerine. Jndson'spowder is composed of nitro glycerino, nitrate of soda, brimstone, rosin, and silicious earth, made up of the shells of animalcula. It is exploded by means of a fuse and a cap containing detonating powder. Colds. — A cold is not, as many think, the result alone of exposure to a sudden chaugo in the atmosphere. It is the product of two factors; one is a certain condition of tho within, and tho other is a certain condition of the without. Those who have good digestion very rarely have colds. So, to prevent colds, you mustkoep your stomach in good condition. There are some habits which give a general tendency to colds. For oxamplo, the uso of hot drinks, which, in addition to flooding and weakening the stomach, open the skin, and increase thoreby sonsibility to the influence of external changes ; the use of warm baths, sleeping in close, unvcntilated rooms ; wearing the sanio flannels during the night that have been worn during tho day ; using fat moats and pastry, thereby deranging tho Btomach and liver. — Dr. Dio Lewis. Miners' Working Hours. — Monday night (says the Hill End correspondent of the ' Herald1) was marked by a meeting of miners, to express their disapprobation of an attempt to introduce an extension of the working hours in Kroh mann's claim. The mooting was quiet and orderly, and the subject was canvassed by men of various opinions, who all received an attentive hoaring, I believe. I was not at the meeting, not knowing anything about it till it was nearly over. It is customary for miners to knock off at noon on Saturday,- and resume operations at 8 o'clock on Monday morning. What was re quired of Krohmann's men was that they should work on till 12 o'clock on Saturday night, and re commence at 12 o'clock on Sunday night, I boliovo they went to tho claim to do so last Saturday, and wero prevented from going to work by a crowd of minors. Thoro can bo no doubt that if a miner works honestly during tho hours as at present arranged he has done all that ought to be expected of any man. Apart from the many accidents peculiar to his avocation, he works in an atmosphere anything but conducive to health,— an atmosphere loaded with impuri ties, and very seldom containing its proper amount of oxygon. ThiB cannot bo done with impunity, and tolls strongly on tho constitution of tho most robust. ' . Decorous Minnesota journals, who never spell out naughty words, punt ' whisky' after this fashion : W ? y. Pulpit Practice. — The ' Saturday Review' lately introduced a criticism upon Henry Ward Beecher thus : — ' Even in our conventional and monotonous Church of England there arc differ ent modes of beginning divine worship. There is tho unobtrusive modo, where the clergyman wholly unattended and altogether unnoticed by tho congregation, strolls up the nave, much as ho would stroll up the platform of a country railway station, enters his reading-desk with about as much ceremony as he would got into an empty second-class carriage, and begins, ' I will arise, ' in a subdued and apologetic tone, as if he were really sorry to give his flock the trouble of standing up. There is the pompoua mode prac tised in 8Oiue cathedrals, where the officiating dean or canon, preceded by tho Grammar School boys, the choristers, tho singing mon, and the minor canons, just shows himself to an expec tant audience in the doorway of tho choir, and then, amid the thunders of tho organ, and much rattling of brass rings, is obsequiously shut into a kind of carved cloBet by a black-robed attend ant, and is sheltered from the draught, and from the impertinent stare of tourists by an elaborate mechanism of red curtains. But these and all other modes of beginning service are common place compared with the mode of Mr. Beecher, as any reader may see from the following extract from tho ' Evangelical -Magazine' : — ' Throwing carelessly his soft felt hat by the side of his chair, Boechor sits down for a few moments, and looks over the notices and letters placed on the tables. 'Tis said that the tailor makes the man ; but he has certainly had but little hand in making Beecher a minister. A dark-blue coat, with a velvet collar, a white vest, and block tie, cannot bo said to be very clerical ; no white tie or cloBoly-buttoned waistcoat does lie wear. Seated in his easy chair he looks leisurely round. If you are of h;s regular congregation and absent ho will notice it. If you formerly attended his church, and have been away some time, when you return he will probably recog nise you. A gentleman at present residing in ?England, but wlio, when located at New York was a member of tho Plymouth Church, went on Sundae morning and took his old scat in the gallery. After a time he saw Beecher, as was his custom, runuinghis eye over the crowded rows of people. It was passing the spot where he sat, when it rested a moment on his face. Beecher put his finger to his forehead, while he strove to recall the name. He remembered it, and gave a smile of recognition. Afterwards, in the- vestry, he gave him a warm welcome, and told him that he easily remembered him. 'How,' said my friund to me, 'can one help loving a man who forgets you not after years of absence, but singles you out in a crowded audience, and at a time when his mind must necessarily havo beon filled with other pressing thoughts' ' '! Sneaking .Out.- — The editor of an American exchange makes tho ' amende honorable' in the following elaborate Btyle, which we recommend to our contemporary the ' Maryborough Chron icle' : — 'There is a fly in our office — one parti cular, aggressive fly, distinguished from his bretliren by a pertinacity and untiring energy that, if properly directed, are enough to make him President. Other flies we can dispose of by whisking a paper at them or putting them out of the window. But this fly wo can't man age. We don't like to kill flies. There is some thing confiding about them that it seenvi like a breach of hospitality to kill them. That fly tumbles into our inkstand, crawls out and dries his little feet by walking over our paper as we write. The compositor has hard work to deci pher onr manuscript sometimes. And in this connection we would make a slight correction. In the last number of our paper we called the lion. Mr. ? ' an unprincipled demagogue' ; we should have said ' a high-toned patriot.' It was all the fault of that fly. The brother of tho hori Mr. ? came into our office this morning with a new and substantial cane, and reminded us of the misprint.' Explosive Cigars. — The sale of explosive cigars lias (says . tho ' Figaro') recommenced in the streets of Paris,- in spite of all tho precautions taken 'by the police to prevent these dangerous articles from being offered to the public. The cigars in question appear genuine to the purcha ser, but contain a minute squib or cracker, which, when the cigar has been consumed to a certain point, explodes, the cigar itself flying to some distance from the mouth of the smoker. Not only are these cigars capable of severely wounding those who smoke them, but they often lead to inconvenient and deplorable results. Not long ago a gentleman happening to have some in his pocket, and believing them to be ordinary cigars, offered one to his uncle, whose property he* expected to inherit, and who wore a set of artificial teeth. His horror may bo imagined when he saw what appeared to be the entire jaw of his respected relative briskly ex pelled from his mouth and fasten on to the features of a high official personage, who was heard to shriek out ' Monsieur, you have bitten me1'-' Temperance Tactics. — The teetotallers and Templars of Nottingham having established a ' vigjlance committee' , for the watching of public houses,' a;communication was sent to the Home Secretary, and the following answer has been received : — ' Sir, — I am directed by Mr. Secretary Bruce to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, and to state in reply that so long as there is no molestation or obstruction on tho part of the teetotallers, there is nothing illegal in their watching the public houses and tho police if they chose to do bo. — I am Sir, your obedient servant, A. F. O. Liddell. Eating Fruit. — A recent writer remarks that he lias observed all his life that an un usually good fruit year invariably brings tin unusual amount of sickness anfcng the people. The reason, he thinks, ig that we gorge our selves with the abundance at unseasonable hours. . We seldom think of eating uncooked fruit at meal time, just as wo would other species of food, but go on stuffing ourselves with it between meals until finally, though we can't for our lives tell why, we are, as Micawber would say, ' ' for ever floored,' or at least temporarily^ choked off. Visit a suburban friend during the time of fruit, and, no matter what the hour, his words of welcome havo hardly ceased to vibrato in your ear ero'ho seta before you a melon, or a biiskot of apples or poaches, or some othor enticing pro duct calculated to oncourage you to make a glut ton of yoursolf. And bo it goes, and the country gota tho name of being a little ' shaky,' and fruit seasons are found to be rather less healthful than others. Of course this constant cramming is all wrong, and it is questionable if weshouldevoreatfruitexceptatourregularmeals. Cutting Wood without a Saw. — A curious invention has just been patented through the Scientific American Patent Agency by George Robinson, M.D. A galvanic current in sufficient quantity, when passed over fine platinum wire, raises its temperture to a white heat. Tho most important application of the principle consists in the employment of the heated wire in eurgical operations as a substitute for the knife. It was found that tho red hot wire cuts or burns its way through the flesh. The inventor discovered that wood, a comparatively dry substance even when green, could be cut the same way. By arranging the wire with handles or other means, bo as to guide it readily, trees, logs, or planks may be cut as desired. There is hero, therefore, a simple and easily applied force, which may be employed to fall trees, divide them into logs, and perform all the oporatioiiB of tho uaw'and the axe. Tho surface of the wood is slightly charred, but the black layer is very thin. The battery employed need only be of the simplest character. Home Rule [Meeting in Glasgow.— A H Rule meeting was hold on Soptomber 18 In tl'0 City Hall, Glasgow, f or the purpono of hoarina aildrosBcs on 'Homo Rule on the Bnaia nf Federalism,' by tho Rev. Thaddeua O'MaUov (Dublin), the Rov. Professor Galbraith (t3 College, Dublin), and tho Rev. Isaao Nelson (Bolfast). There was a crowded attendance many Catholic clergymen being present Mr' John Ferguson, President of tho Glasgow branch of the Home Rule Ausociation, occupied tho chair, and said the dream of Irish patriots had been realised that evening, for tlioy had clerin men representing the three great loading bodies of Ireland advocating a native Parliament. The meeting waa enthusiastic, but very orderly Mosquito Bitks.— Elder flower water applied to parts attacked by gnat and moamiito bitea gives great relief, and, if the person ia scented with it, it acts often as a preventive. It ' -- stated in Life in Normundy, that a drop of tur pontine on tho face will effectually prevent gnats and other insects from biting, and ia con stantly used in the north of Sweden, whero large mosquitoes abound. A clergyman asserting in tho most positive manner that society wan rapidly gaining in morality, was asked to state tho grounds of tlus belief, when ho said, 'I have poreonal know ledge of three borrowed umbrellas having been returned to thoir owners.' 