THE FLANEUR IN fiTDUfSJ. „_; Thh Parliamentary fiasco hae fairly commenced, again, and some of your readers must have been amused at the little harmless twaddle in the Upper House, about Mr. Samuel's appointment. In the Assembly, one of tbo most interesting matters introduced has been the old, used-up one of theEama Ghost, and tiie achievements of the mysterious conspirators -variously known as 'The Ten,' 'The Nine, 'aud 'The Three.' After four years' deliberation, Mr. Paries has come to the solemn conclusion that no never said anything whatever about a conspiracy in connection with tiie attempt to assassinate Prince Alfred. Other public men had a great deal to say about the matter; but, as regards himself, he has just remembered now that he was per fectly silent. This is highly satisfactory intelligence. A fete Eogiish oenopaper-aie , Saturday Review I think— had an article discussing the Tich 'borne case on .the hypothesis that nearly: all the alleged; facts deposed to were imaginings— the results of strong impressions upon -peculiarly ner vous temperaments, and unsupported by anything in the shape *«f actual fact. According to this, Lord Boger Eehbonae. Tie whole of the O'Farrell business, maybe, therefore, and probably was, a mere .delusion. CTFarrell never was banged, and for the but of all possible reasons— there never was any O'Farrell ! The satisfactory clearing up of this 'mystery,' and the official repudiation and demolition of the 'new crime' are sources of sincere congratulation to the country; and, aB Mr. Micawber said when he gave his I.O.0.— . ' Thank goodness that matter is settled J' A nf-Aan«1iCnti in A wrftmm HAaJ AtlB ft OS YwUtH fMMW tflfl rounds for more than a week past, but I hardly know whether to tell it or not- first because it is now. so ancient that nost people know all about it, and aeoondly because it is difficult to do justice to it without using tbe names of all the parties, and that would not do ; bo I must provide, one of the principal performers with a name of my own, apologising at tbe some time for alluding to the distinguished personages who are nieessarytolhetole. Shortly before his Excellency the Governor left England for this country, he of course saw mneh of our Agent-General, Sir Charles Cowper, who was able to give him a great deal of UBeful in-, formation. Amongst other matters of detail, concern ing which I presume that lady R.- consulted may (J., ana the latter consulted oir -jnones, wan, naturally cnongh, the state of Government House— what furniture, curtains, bedding, &c.;, hod to be pro vided, and how it could be done. Here Sir Charles was able to inform his Excellency of an easy way of disposing of this matter. Attached to the domestic staff at Government House there was on old and trusted servant whom I am obliged to call Mobek. He had for years been a sort of factotum in the establish ment, and it was only necessary to write to him, in order to get all these things attended to ; and this was nrtnniJ!Hi.1iT Jjvnn \Tniw _1,nn +\ia 'Nt-lVi!!! OYTIVPfl 111 Ubvui uu^^i j uvuci ^ivn iru^u m^w *.*.—*»» ?-???'- — Sydney harbour, the Colonial Secretary went on board, accompanied by the Water Police Magistrate, Mr. Charles Cowper, whom tho Governor received very cordially, having heard so much of him in London as scarcely to require an introduction. While this was going on, another visitor appeared ou the scene. A waterman's boat had been seen coming off, having on board a gentleman well known in commercialand mone tary circles in this city, and whom the necessities of my story oblige me also to call Mr. Moses. This gentleman has, rightly or wrongly, the reputation of being very aristocratically disposed, amd always anxious to be one of the first in the highest society. He sidled up to Mr. Parkes, whom he asked to introduce him to tho Governor ; but Parkes couldn't exactly see it, and re minded mm inai tins was not a puouc. uccusiuu, and that he was not a pnblic official, or a member of Parliament. The visitor, howeven pressed his request bo nrgenUy that at last Parkes, ?waving his hand towards him, and addressing the Governor, said— 'This is Mr. Moses, your Excellency.' The introduces advanced hastily, with hand extended, towards Sir Hercules, who immediately pnt his own hand behind his bock, saying, however, with kindness and courtesy, ' Oh, Mr; Moses f I am glad to see you. How do you do ? I am afraid we have givon you some trouble in attending to the bed-linen and furniture at Government House; but of course any remunera tion ? .' Whether an explanation followed, or Mr. Moses the second vanished over the Bide, I don't know: bnt the Governor is said to have rendeicd.'on occasion, a social service equal to one of the S«ven Labours of Hercules. Talking about this famous strong man of antiquity, my friend, Mr. Sydney Punch, has this week o well executed cartoon of Australia welcoming the new Governor ; but I cannot see how tbs line at the bottom applies to the cose. It is this : And doth not a meeting like this make amends, io. Amends for what? Tbe line is taken from one «f Tom Moore's well-known melodies ; and the senti ments, as applied by him to the case he supposes— the retarn of a wanderer to the home »f his youth- -are pertinent enough ? And dnth no* a meeting like this make unenda For all the long yean I've been wandering away ? To see tliua around me my youth's early friends. As smiling and kin i as in that happy day I What softening remembrances come o'er tlie heart When gasJog on those wcVe been lost to a* long 1 ic, &c.;, bs. Now, this could not by any means apply to the arrival of Sir Hercules Bobinson; and my excellent friend Pumh will take it in good part if I express a wish that he had treated tbe snbject in another way. His Excel lency commencing the Seven Labours of Hercules by cleansing the Augean Stable of political and official cor ruption in this colony, would have been a fine subject for the pen and pencil of Punch ; and perhapB it is not yet too late. At all events, there is work enough for somebody or other in this direction ; and not the least apt illustration of the fact is to bo found inthe nice little practice, alluded to indignantly by Captain Onslpw in the Assembly on Tuesday, of apparently bidding for the votes of members of Parliament by offering them the power of nominating Rood Trustees ! It is pleasing to 6oe, in these ungrateful days, when patriotism and (Belf) devotion so frequently go unre warded, that the invaluable services of Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., as Administrator of the Government of this colony, without any payment worth speaking of, are not to go unrewarded. A meeting has been held at the Exchange, for tho purpose o: considering a proposal to present his Honor with on address and a piece of plate, the latter being likely to consist of a Britannia metal tcapot,in delicate allusion to his Honor's preference for tbe ' cup that cheers but not inebriates.' The Hon. E. Doas Thomson, in speaking of Sir Alfred as a lawyer, said that tbe judicial committee of the Privy Council hod eulogized and confirmed his judgments. Now, nith nil respect for Sir Alfred aud . Mr. Thom son, I had been under the impression that the very reverse was the case, and that the ' Chief' hod, at least on one occasion, retorted for an adverse judg ment 'by pretty plainly intimating that the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council know nothing what ever of the matter. B'sides— what had his honor's , ? 1 1 ? 1_J ? i_ * - *** I.!,. A J_.!_!-^«u.Hnn J*f 4l.n lCgul JllJUmuugU w UU vtJUJ uab A-iujiiuauauuu vt me Government ? There was a letter from Sir Alfred Stephen to Sir T. A. Murray ; aud one of the sensi tive gentlemen present thongbt that it should not be published, as some parts of it alluded to the hospitali ties which Sir Alfred had dispensed as Governor— which it might be thought had led to the present moetiug — tbat is, I rappone, it might bs thought that his hononr had been fishing for a return for his Government House dinners and al fresco pic-nics ! However, I hope that tho testi monial, whatever it may be, will prove to be a success ; for, if it veere only in bis capacity of Com. mander-in-Chief of the army of New Sooth Wales, the learned and gallant gentleman has ineradicably stamped his name am tbe history of the country. The General (Overissued by his command, by the Colonel Command ant, wjft reference to the late review, sounds likeaows of theirumpei notes of tite Great Naj»)eo'n : 't Soldiers From yonder pyramids forty centuries look down upon you! ' I nave no doubt that whan ttie news reaches the Horse-Gnards.Sir Altod'e plain C.B., will be advanced to K.C.B, if not to G.C.B., of the military division of the Order. More power to bis elbow i I jJon't want to be bard upon tbe unfortunate, but I am very glad that tbe case of tbe man who' killed the poor woman the other Jay by running hiB cart over her, is to gc before a Criminal Court and a jury. The case being thus eubjudict, I-say no more than that I hope, and havo no doubt, ihat the man will have a fair trial. Only in Thursday's -Empire there is on account ofa serioBs accident in KiagrStreet, an electioneering cob having runinio;* ^spring cart— the . owner of the cart very aarrowly stcaping death or damage. On Tues day afternoon . last, at about f* 3 o'clock, when King-staeet, near Bitt-street, ; , was crowded with vehicles, a light cart came down the street ot a half jog-trot. There was nothing in the cart bnt two or three bogs of bran or grain, snd thedriTar, who was lying at his ease, as drnnk as a lord, across the bags, while ~$e every now snd then dropped, and feemy picked up ieain, the looBenod reins. IcaUedtheatteutionof anoftertgenHemonto.1iecii-cum. stance, and we wateneath* fellow and bis cart until they passed across George-Btreet towards York-s^reet ; but neither constable nor anybody else .interfered— so cheap is the estimate of Iife: and limb in this dearly governed city of Sydney !? ?;.? ?? ? ? The spirit which. urged the CommuniBte of Paris to demolish the. triumphal column in the Place Vendome, appears to nave seizea apaa me cjuwv *».«—?-,». Council, according to a notice placed onihe paper t-y Aldermsii Moore. It bad long been customary for the different Mayors of Sydney, and indeed of Snburban Municipalities also,: to endeavour to inunbrtalisc them selveB by causing tfieir illustrious names to be inscribed upon public buildups, gates, jnclosures, &c.;, paid for of conrse, ont -£ the money of the citijsens. Aldcrnyw Moore himself was for from being an exception to this respect; bnt he brooks no rival near the jthrone, and now .boldly comes forward as a civic reformer, proposing the erasure of all these innraintinM. indiscriminately. No more ehall the noble . pillar at the junction of Bathunst and Elizabeth streets carry down, forAthe benefit of prosperity, the name of its practical Band ingenious author ; and the spomge or the chisel will deal 'destruction upon all these ambitions claims to posUiumous honour. There must be BOme queer fellows at St. George's Bridge, somewhere in Northern (jueenteland, whence a correspondent writes to a Tamworth paper in the fol lowing jubilant and eccentric strain, as to the effects produced by tbe late execution of' one Collins, for murder : — But to all the mere fact Ihst now there remains ' no lunge on which to hang a doubt,' must Jighten Uleir bosomB. The effect ofthe trial of Collins upon tne wioicssd. irom ucre.B been rather to elevate than depress their animal spirits ; tlie UrUric acid of the law acting upon tlie soda of their indivi dual dispositions has caused an effervescence which wlll'take some few weeks to subside. The idea of carbonate of soda and tartaric acid jnust surely have been snggested by the indulgence of some of the parties alluded to. in something stronger than water, and requiring the corrective of an effervescent drink. And bow, having alluded to the execution of CollinF, I come to tbe closing scene of a great tragedy, and to the close of my present epistle. Time is short now with the wretched men who are to expiate tbeir crimes on Tuesday next. ?- For a departing sinner's stnl ' The deatli-hymn peals an1 the hollow bells knoll ! He is nsar his mortal goal— . . Kneeling at the Friar'* knee— ?? , , Sad to hear and piteous to see ! . ; Maybe and they obtain that mercy elsewhere which they denied to their victims here. 