* ? i ^' -nf - ?^UOEilMONTO THB BPISO0PATB OF BISHOP SHORT, AND PRESENTATION 5X- BOS LORDSHIP. jL service in commemoration of tbe 25th aniliversary of the consecration to the Episeo. pate of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was held in t)brotcRnrchV North Iftfle-' laJSe, on Friday evening, June 28, the J2ve of the,Feastpf St. Peter. jKrerprwas a large congregation, the church beigg-prowded in.every part. His Excellency S^r James Fergusson, attended by Mi*. J. A. FergusBon (Privats Secretary), was present, -and there was a large attendance of the clergy. The service, which .began with. Choral Even Spng, was principally conducted by the Rev. Canon Dove. After the song, : ' . The Yen. Archdeacon {the Rev. CC Marryat) preached the sermon on Psalm cxxii. 6th and following verses:— 'Pray for the peace of Jerusalem ; they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls, and plenteousness within tby palaces.- For my brethren and companions' gates, . 1 will now, say, peace., be within - thee. Tsa, because ©f the Lord our God, I will seek to do liheegood.^ He said— It, is a £reat blessing to be capable *of A high and holy, impulse; to act for the time as the sprat 'prompts inr kindness end liberality and sa&denial.; without anv appeal to reason, and An npother grounds - thanthe instantaneous 'flash of . .-an approving conscience. It was thps t&at; saints ' of »1d in ;many cases showed their devotion. There was that in them that responded at once to the -touch of the Spirit of God. They acted rights and ^did good spon taneously. Not - less is the blessing; derived fsom'the retrospect of what is thu«: done, when wiefindsror reason agrees with, our conscience approves of,~the impulse, and is grateful forthe inspiration which has perhaps carried us beyond our ordinary selves. It Is, I would hope, *with Bome^ueh feelings as these that we are now, met. together. Following -a good impulse, we have resolve 1 to commemorate the 25 J;h anniversary, of the consecration of the first Bishop of the; Diocese. Let us hope that on reflection we shall find that what we have done is, 44 God V providence, more than' we - intended— feat in thinkiiig of. the past we are providing for the future: ; that by, our progress and action on this Eve of St. Peter's the hands of our Bishop may be strengthened to role and , feed the: sheep and lambs .'of the' fold ; and that the pastoral staff ?which is to be -presented to Mm .may belike, the Tod in the hands of Moses — the symbol #fr;that . divine -power . w,bich released Gpd's people from slavery^ Certainly this. anni-. versary, small comparatively as it may be in itself, is significant of great thpugbt; both in the past and future for the. Bishop and for ourselves. The; preacher then alluded to the state of the Church in the colonies at the time of the cpnseeration.of the first four colonial bishops in Westminster. Abbey 25 ycarslgd^iia to its^growth in South Australia. since that time.- . The -Ghur«h had, thanks to the efforts of that noble Society for the Propagation of -the Gospel, aided by the liberality of that lady whosename was in all the Ohxirches, fairly entered upon the foundation of those numerous colonial bishoprics ia all parts of ihe world. She tad,- to nse^the language of Dojlinger, -'as much outwardly -extended as inyardly -strengthened herself.' To be the chief pastor ef a diocese numbering thousands, ! who, while they respected authority, claimed we. utmost lreeuom oi. conscience, was no uvunt aihigh henor. To be in its full sense the founder of this Diocesan Church was no doubt a 'still higher honor. Ihe Saxon Church had xoaliy eminent Bishops, but only oneSt. Augus tine. ' The Archdeacon; then addressed himself mEorp'particularly to the clery, stating thiB-was a:id&y; of deep rejoicing,, and praying that it might be one of special outpouring of the Spirit upon them. They should feel' joyful at the (Occasion, but not make it a tubject for idle bb^at. ' They should rather let their thoughts' nerve tfcem to increased diligence, more earnest 8t$dy,andmorefrequentprajer,thatby Christian grace they .might be- -enabled to cany on more, effectually the ' work' of Christ's GfospeL Iiay men, too, should feel .starred up by this ^solemn , occasion,, for they, too,, bad a vocation and ministry. The Church was a body in which no ? one member was useless,! Xet one and all see that they (fulfilled their part, :i bearing their share of the burden. In conclusion fee *b Beryed^at all present on that occasion should' strive. earnestly to take 'an active and prayerful part in the joint labor which belonged to the Bishop, clergy, and laity in-common. . - . 'The Very Rev. the Dean (the Rev. A, R, Russell) then presented to Uis Lordship a hand some pastoral staff, and an address, of which, latter the following is a copy : — ' 'Te the -Right Rev. Augustus, by Divine per mission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. .- - '*' We, your faithful Clergy and Laity, desirfe on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your Lordship's consecration to the Episcopal Office; ' to unite with you' in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father JE or *he mercy' which has spared you. so long to occupy your place as. CJhief Pastor of this Diocese. Daring a quar ter of a century you have maintained iff the midst of jour ? flock; or' in their behalf, a ministry of various and most' unwearied labor.' The contrast between the present condition of our Church' in 'South Australia and what it was in 1847, affords abundant and substantial proof Ijiat your labor .has * not been in vain in the Lord.' ' Jnstead of the four clergy of 18 f7, we have* now 3S; and instead of the fire original Churches, there . are now 67, besides school xootds and temporary buildings for worship;.. But you have, survived many of -your best fellow- workers.' ' You now, miss from your side some men by whose affectionate, spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready, co-operation you found your heart lightened, ef its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names can no longer be found which were most highly honored' in the earlier as well as -the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine voice which called them to * csine Tip higher,' and among the laity in our' various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for some trusty comrades and' advisers, especially of .those belongings to the energetic band of early colonists. They have gone- before, as we trust, to make ready to welcome Us when, our turn comes to 'go hence.* . Thus, during your episcopate, new and holy Jinks of sympathy have been formed between the members of the Church here on earth -and the blessed company of the faithful in Heaven,. It is with feelings \- of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent grati tude concerning them that .have 'fallenisleep,' that we believe you will join with us ia the re trospect of a history so -full of sacred meaning and interest. ' ' - ' . 'Congratulating you to-day as pur Bishop, our thoughts jqatijr&lly.; re vert to your diligent fulfilment in the midst of the congregation, of the -ministrations specially appertaining to the office of 43hief Pastor ; but, above all, to con template you as tiie head of the whole Diocese -—as ruler arid overseer. Sere we cannot forget how dearly, inTeferenceiw the otirer Orders mf the Church, you have Tecognised, and how per? severingly you have labored to assign to- them their proper sphere of influence and duty. Ton have not ',been content to be *a lord over us,* but have called us to take our proper psxb in the general work of helping you to **etin order' all things. The Diocesan Synod wilL we bust, survive as the best monument of your Episcopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Home Mission Funds, -and led to the : establishment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund. Your Lordship was called to the charge of the Dio cese, in which you had to contend with peculiar, and what must have seemed at the time, un exampled difficulties. But you have effectually vindicated ibe Church from the reproach of being unable to do its work except in depen dence Oi State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this Diocese ycu have been enabled to book- to :i: all so clearly that in all -matters effecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. Hew fall? the laity have recognised this, . they have practically shown, in the establish men i of a Church of England Endowment So ciety, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency id^exytMg-mlnistrationB. As another evideittjfe 6f the spjxjfoof |ix^Bparationthus«reated,tit has been your' Loirdship's happuiess to live to see the walls of your Cathedral rising, and we trust that this -happiness maybe completed, by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some por tion of it to the holy uses for which it ia~ de signed. ' ' , 'This review of your Episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an educa tion at once Ohristian in its spirit, Mid duly respectiagi the consciences of others. The noblest result off this is the Collegiate School' of St. Peter, which; under its present Principal and able staff of Masters, has taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. .?--.- .- ?? ?.:?.'? ? ' Last of all, Buffer us to say that the Church over which you preside hai, mainly through your efforts, ^attained a singular privilege, inas much as it has formed an institution now self supporting for th«-JhriEtianizationof the native population ; whilst among our settlers it alone ha^ extended its miniatrations to the remotest plapes- In %he bush. Such ministrations have, extended inv the South-Fast to the Vic torian Irarder ; in the West to Streaky Bay; and in the North to the di»tricts4ying within; communication with Mount RemarkabkT-^rid Port Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only prepared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again sup plied the place of the missionary clergy when some stress of ? '-^circumstances . 'Wad occasioned their temporary withdrawaL In the same' spirit, in dealing with the vice and misery which are iinhappily incident to life in : our larger towns, ^ou, in the work of the Female Refuge' and other benevolent institutions, set an:exsimple which .good Christians of different communions have gladly followed. ' ?' ?' ? . - j 5*Buti''iMit any longer to dwell on p&rKcttlars;} it must be matter of deep thankfulness to every inemoer of -our Church that in our first Bishop we liave had one to whom has been granted so long a.terni of life, and whs, through his whole episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apos tslic iDjanctipD— * J'eed the flock of -3od, as mdeh as in you lies, taking the oversight not W constraint, but willingly.' ' **Tt 'does riot become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and offioial proceedings ; but %hetict in which we are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of those words of St. Peter. We thank 6i*dl for you, and with you, : that your' assembled clergy and laity rcan thus, on the eve of -Hie Feast of 'St. Peter, unite with a clear mlriji, and with greatfal feelings, in such A de claration; . We trust that yon may still 1-e spared for along time to maunain your place under * the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock bfGodi'- ;???-?? . ??-.'* ' *?*:?? --??'?? ?-'' ?.'?:t.--« v-i-; **And we pray you to accept from us, as a' visible sign of our. filial reyerence, and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. **W«are, your Lordship's faithful arid dutiful clery '-ind laity. Tor the subscribers, ?'?''? , -r '''.'.' -;'. ?????' 'Ai BoSsBiai, ':' ? '?? : ; : **Ohainnari of the Committee^' ; His LOBDSHIP, in acknowledging the presen tation, said— . ' . This ^pastoral staff, with which you, my brethren of the clergy and laity, ' hive been pleased . to honor, my service of 25 years in the episcopate, is an emblem of the ofiice and duties pi a Bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is athonte the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has. also a twofold aspect -and regard. It lifts the thoughts from earth, to Heaven ;, and thence carries ihe aa back to the wilderness of this world, in which the flock of Christ,, purchased with His own blood, the^special objects of God's care, is still wander In^.', 'It speaks, therefore, ' to.the'inifier iear' jdevout' of faithfulness to the Chief Shepherd ; bf 1 8*?Jf -sacrifice, of .love and ten'der care ; _pf vigilance and boldness in defence of, H3s Eheeplfor wh«»m Helaid4pwn Hislife ; of the 'ready mind ^ to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy lucre, or that more subtle ein,^ the love of power, and dominion over God's* heritage, . '-.-?..? '''..'?','. 'This staff, then, is the symbol of a respon isibiiity awful in its nature, and vast inits.ex te'nt;vIt is a teacher, .not of pride, but humility ;' not of boasting, Ijrit seV-abasement ; not 'o human strength, but carnal weakness; riot' of self- reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of Gp-L_. .,','.. ',: .. . . ' .. '. .' ?.;' ? '; \ In this seniie alone, brethren, d^re I receive it at ydnr hands. .-'iSone'.know better thanyour BelveB that *' it is a small ihiog to be judged of maii*8 judgment.' I accept it, nevertheless, as a token of your good will. If, to use the lan guage of our Ordination Service, I have, been amone vou !as ' a shenherd. not' a wolf :' if ': hav^ fed arid not devoured the flock ; if I have' in any measure ' holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken ;if Ihava brought again the outcast,' and sought the lost,' I thank ?Godwin thiB behalf ; and I pray that ' the blood of. ioulsj**' perhaps, through, my negligence, it, ;*' Lost to be found no more,' may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. .-.?'... : Again, it is difficult indeed to be 'so mer *ifol as not to be too remiss ; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy.' ? - , It only remains, therefore, that I should ask ryonr prayers, and the prayers of this congrega tion, -as well as of the *' brethren' in the diocese ;«.t large, that- 'our merciful Father may ; so endue' ine to the- end of my days '.with the 'Holy -Spirit ;' thatpreaching His word I maybe earnest to Teprove, beseech, and rebuke,' with all patience aad doctrine; and also be to such as believe a wholesome example . in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. ? That so ful filling myjcourse, I may at the latter -day jje ceive the ~ crown: of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to. all who love His appearing ; -even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and th= Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without ^ndi Amen. - . '; /.-' After the' Te Deum had been sung, prayer was offered by HLj Lerdship, who ?'then ad vanced to the front of the dais, and, with ihe : staff iu his hand, pronounced the benediction^ - when - the proceedings closed. The service. throughout was most interesting, and vety im pressive. The singing was certainly -admirable; Mr. 6. Oughton efficiently presided at the har ; monium. ? ' : ? ? ? = : ? : - The' offertory was in aid of the Cathedral 'Fund. - - =-..?? ; 3fre pastoral staff which . was presented to the Bishop of Adelaide on Friday evening may be seen at Mr. Steiner'e jewellery' establishment, in Bundle-street. It is of Gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is'of blackwbod, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic «tyle. In the centre of the crook is a silver figure of St. Peter, having in his. hands the keys and the Word. Lower down are the crossed keys— one. of gold and ; the pother of silver; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscrip tion:-— 'A. Adelaide. The gift of his faithful cb^andlaity, St. Peter's Day, 1872.' Part of |me stiver is colonial, and the effect of the ?workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which are ? set in it, including ; ametnjsts, topazes, and garnets. The staff may be uri screwed, and placed in a handsome cedar case, which wa? made by Messrs. Mayfield & Son. Uppn the cover of the case, above the handle, is a silver cross, and below a shield, with ' A. Adelaide' inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and the design has been admirably carried out by Mr. Steiner. 