The Devil in Brisbane. The following case was tried at lie last sessions at Jriabanc :— Desmond v. Batty. — This wag an action for £15 for .personal injuries^ The plniniiff*ras Jeremiah Desmond, labourer, 'TeaBing in Lower Glaahocn, am tbe defendant was Mr. , Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus iserfcnning in Great George's-street. Tho process afaraS £t-' The plaintiff claims ^£15damaces for oss, iajnryj and damages sustained by tbe plaintiff through {lie carelessness, negligence, and mismanage ment of the defendant, lie having in bis circus in Great George- street a certain animal called a camel, his pro perty, which animal he, in the month of December, 1671, negligently and carelessly permitted and suffered to escape and break from said circus, and wander through the streets and np to the Lower Glasheen road, where said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injure, knock down, and hruise said plaintiff, by which injustice he has been pnt to expense and loss of time.' Mr. Hayes fpr the pkintiff, and Mr. J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Priday before Christmas he was sitting atthe door of bis house on the Lower Glasheen-road, minding some pigs' food. His wile was at work within the house. He and his vise had been talking abont ghosts, and abont the devil, and about half -past 6 o'clock, while they were bo talking, ' a queer thing' come up to the door. He screeched, for he did not know what it was. He thought it was the dcriL (Laughter.) It had a long leek, big legs, and a hump ever eo big on its back. He screamed, but he could not stir ; he was so frightened. [t put its long neck and its two fore pawB in, and irushed him ocainst the side of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the prints of its paws there. Mr. Hayes : Why didn't it go in further ? Desmond : Oh, sir, the hump— (laugh- ter)— the hump was so big he could not get '.in) The door. (Benewea laughter.) I got snch a fright I was not ablo to eat as much for three days as in one day be fore. (Much laughter.) How did be (?et out? He backed out again the way he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell-. What did yon think yon had before you when you saw it? The devil. (Loud laughter.) I believe you had been taking- about the devil f Maybe I wor. (Laugh ter.) But were you? I wor. (Much laughter.) What put the devil into yonr head, that yon Had been talking abont him ? Faith, I could not tell you. Bnt what sort of a thing was it 1 Oh, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing, amidst roars of laughter, to a jury-box about 15ft from him.) Had he anything- but this neck f Faith, he had a hump on his back, ever so big, and he had long legs and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see any thing in court that you would compare him to ? I don't then, I'm sure. When he came in the door I would give all in the world to get him out of my sight. (Great laushter.) Did yon get up off the choir f Indeed, I didn't; a better man than me could not do it. (Renewed laughter.) Did you at tempt to shove him out ? I did not try to shove him out. I did nothing at all to him. for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you had bayonets you could nothing at all to him. (Great laughter.) I was not able to go to work for fonr days niter, for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughter.) Mrs. Desmond (wife of the plaintiff) said ; My husband on the night in ques tion was minding some pigs' food at tbe door, and I was at work inside. Ail at once I heard a bitter screech out of him. I looked down and I saw the thing 'a blow' me with his neck stretched in as far as ho could stretch it. ' Oh,' says I, ' Pray to Almighty God, for its nothing good.' (Laughter.) 'May the Lord resave our soul' says I, and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Boars of laughter.) Did you ever Fee the like of it before ? Oh, no, sir. What happened then p The boys about the place took it away. Cross examined by Mr. O'Connel : What were you talking about when the animal came to the door? My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, says I, 'it is the evil) is there, now sorely. (Shouts of laughter. JIv. Hayes : That is the defence at the other side, your worship — that it was the devil was there and not the cauieL (Laughter.) Mr. Gregg: Didn't your husband say to you just before, ' The devil take you.' AVitness : He did, sir. Mr. O'Connell : Is he in the habit of talking about the devil ? Well, he was, sir : he wa? too often in his mouth, as I often told him. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appearance to see after him under those circamstnees f Wisha, I suppose it was sir. He was after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Langhter.) Has he been talking about the devil since? He has not, sir. (Laughter.) His Worship considered the plaintiff had received damages on tho occasion, and gave decree for £3.—Q. Times. 