RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. Dr. Dollinger has commenced at Munich a series of lectures pn "The Union of tho Churches." There is to bo a Catholic-Liberal journal in Italian ostabliBhod at Homo, II VeroDuon SCllSO. The Rock understands that Dr. Oolenso has obtained an aot of the Colonial Legisla ture, vesting tho property of tho soo of Natal in him. Papal Chastisement. — Tho Rome corre spondent of tho Daily News atatcs that, in oonsequonoo of the refusal of tho King of Spain to agree to tho proposal of the Holy See, tho Pope has ordered tho Spanish Bishops to opposo tho Govornmont at tho forthcoming oleotion. Convocation of Canterbury and the Atiian asian Creed.— In tho debate on tho Athanasian Creed in convocation of Canter bury, tho Bishop of St. David's contended strongly for abolishing its nso in church, and said ho should bo of tho samo opinion if ho wore as firmly persuaded that St. Athanasius wrote every word of it as he was firmly per suaded to the eontrary. In tho course of the discussion his grace tho primate remarked, without any dissont oven from the Bishop of Linooln, that no person in tho room believed in tho damnatory clauses. "That," said tho Bishop of Peterborough, "ib why I want to got rid of them." It was finally resolved, without a division, that their lordships should not proceed with tho dobato until the Lower Honso had an opportunity of con sidering the subjeot. Dean Stanley in Glasgow.- -Tho Very Rev. Dean Stanley preached twice in Glas gow recently. In tho forenoon ho preached in St.- Mary's Episopal Church, and ohoso as his toxt, St. Luko ii,, 52, from which' he preaohed a sermon on tho odnoation of onr Lord, which, ho said, was ono of continual progress, oarried on by the nnion in Him of humble teachableness aud oagor inquiry, by tho influence of His homo lifo, and of exter nal nature around. He must havo learnt also, as other Jowish children did, in the schools and in tho synagoguo, and, not re jecting wholly the Rabbinical doctrine, sifted tho gold from the dross. Another source of our Lord's increaso iu wisdom was the Old Testament Scriptures. Ho put to ono sido what was temporal, superficial, and incidental, and brought to light what was eternal, essential, and spiritual. Ho wa® taught by experience, as wo also should be taught. Tho Dean conoludod with a special reference to tho illnca3 of tho Princo of lYalos. In tho afternoon, the Very Rev. Dean oconpied tho pulpit of the University Chapel, whioh was densely crowdod, chiefly by studonts. He preached from tho words in tho 19 th vorso of the 28th chapter of Matthew: — "In tho name of tho Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost," dwelling (first) upon the name of tho Father, as representing to us God ill nature ; (secondly) upon tho name of the Son, as representing to us God in history ; and (thirdly) upon the namo of tho Holy Ghost, as representing God to us in our own hearts aud spirits and oonscienoes. Wher- evor wo wero taught to know the true rela tions of this wonderful and boautiful world, there was a testimony, ho wovor humble, to tho n amo of tho Father ; whorovor wo wero taught to admire the heroic oourace, life of truth, tenderness, and purity that might bo Been in human nature, thero was a testimony to tho name of the Son ; whorovor there was implanted within ub a senBO of reverence for consoicnce, freedom, and truth, there was a testimony to the namo of tho Holy Gho3t. Lot them unite all theso principles together, aud work them out to tho utmost, and thoy would thon havo a perfect educa tion and a perfect faith. 