HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Jdne 19. The President took the Chair at 2 o clock. PETITION. Mr. CAES presented a petition from the Con ference of the South Australian Total Abstinence League, praying the House to amend the Incensed Victuallers Act so as to provide for a people's veto on the granting of licences for the sale of in toxicating liquor. Received and read. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. ANGAS moved— "That'the House at its rising do adjourn until Tuesday, 23rd July." Motion, after discussion, lost. THE BBOUGHTON AREA. In Committee. Mr. WARD, having amended his motion, moved— "That an address he presented to His Excel lency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 1873, for the purpose of constructing a jetty at Port Broughton, a dam on £he road thereto from the Broughton Agricul tural Area, and clearing the surveyed road, as prayed for by petition presented on 17th ApriL" He felt perfeot confidence that he had a case that would not meet with any opposition. Port Broughton was a very elligible shipping place, and was the onenearest by many miles to the Brongbton Area, only being about 20 or 21 mileB from the centre of -the area, and there was no other port nearer than Port Pirie. The experiment of ship ping wheat there had been tried successfully; bat there had been a difficulty owing to the absence of facilities for shipment, and the fact that there was do water on the road font in one well which was sometimes dry. and was so last summer. There would be this year from 10,000 to 12,030 acres of wheat under crop in the area. Already nearly £5,000 had been received merely as interest at 10 per cent, paid in advance upon the land bought. He was told that Captain Dale, who had done a great deal to foster the trade, was erecting a jetty at his own cost; but sincehe had heard that he had seen some of the residents, who said they would use the jetty if there was no other, but they objected to being dependent upon a private individual, thinking that he would dictate his own terms. If the motion were carried, perhaps the Government need not press the erection of the jetty at once, but see' how far Captain Dale's would meet the necessity. If it was liberally conducted there might be no need at present for the Government to erect one. There was no doubt about the necessity of the other works. The road had been surveyed, and he believed that allotments in the area were to be sold to-morrow. The hon. member then complained of the Committee not paying more attention to his remarks. If they wished the land to be settled they must give facilities to people prepared to settle upon the areaB. The Government had received a large amount, and they were about to sell the allotments at the exceedingly high upset price of £20 an acre, and he' thought requests of this kind should receive attention and support. Mr. BOUCAUT should be guided very greatly by the views of the Government, as he generally was in cases of this scrt: but he wished to refer to the remarks of Mr. Ward as to members not paying proper attention. He was not paying particular attention, although he was paying proper attention to the hon. member's remarks. Perhaps the reason why more attention was not paid was because the House could not understand why a member repre senting another district to that in which the area was moved this. (Hear, hear.) It was bad enough to have log-rolling, which there was sometimes when the members for particular districts intro duced motions, without members of other districts doing so. They were bound to pay attention to these motions, but they were bound to pay more attention to the representations of the members for the several districts. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Bon. T. Reynolds) asked the hon. member to let the matter stand over, as officers of the Survey Department were now off to the district to see what was to be done. In order that the matter might not be shelved he would move that the Chairman leave the chair. Mr. BUNDEY thought Mr. Ward had brought this -question forward because a number of former constituents of his were members in the area The Clerk—Orders of the Day. TRANS-CONTINENTAL RAILWAY BILL. Adjourned debate oasecondfeading. The Hon. J. HART said that he had no inten tion to move that the Bill be read that day six months, nor did he wish to move that the second reading be adjourned for a month. The question waB one which Bhould be decided immediately: and they did not need to wait for the opinion of the people outside upon the measure, as they had not had placed before them the Bill as now before the House. It had been said outside by those interested in the Bill that if it was not what was wanted it could be modified, and that the quantity of land and other matters might be amended. But all the Heuse had to deal with was the Bill before them; and he must say that the measure seemed to him to be one of the most extraordinary attempts on the part of a few individuals to obtain immense advantages fiom the country that he had ever heard of. (Hear, hear.) He could scarcely believe that a measure of this kind could be brought before the House with any possibility of its being accepted. (Hear, hear.) Taking ithe Bill itself, be should call attention to one or two points in it in the first place, and in the second the pro bable result of some provisions being omitted. In the first place, it 'contained provision for no lia bility whatever. (Hear, hear.) A Company was said to be formed—a limited Company. (Mr. Solomon—"Very limited.") It had no capital, mid there was no clause providing for a sum of tnoney to be paid to the Government to ensure the bona fides of the Bill itself. (Hear, hear.) Besides that, the whole liability would be the forfeiture of such a sum of money as might be put into the agreement; but no sum of money was provided for at all. (Hear, hear.) There was, on tne contrary, a clause that did away with ail liability except what was governed by the 9th clause of the Bill—that if the Company did not keep the line in proper order it might be resumed by the Government. For although it was said that they could compel the Company to keep the line in good older, yet the end of the thing was that the Government would have to take the line and the Company be exonerated from all liability whatever. (Hear, hear.) This would not matter much if payment could be deferred and held back upon any portion of the contract not being carried out satisfactorily. But that was not the case. The Company could under the Bill demand the fee-simple of the land for every tqn miles constructed. (Hear, hear.) He would call hon. members' attention to this most important matter. Although having had a desire to treat it as one that could not be by any possi bility considered (in the Hous& it was so im portant that be felt that giving the means widen had been adopted to get an expression of opinion of the people outside the House should now con sider it as seriously as possible: and if that was done the Bill would be rejected. (Hear, hgar.) There was no doubt a great difficulty in meeting the plausible arguments brought forward by the promoters, such at that about £10,000,000 of money being spent in South Australia. That was a plausible way of putting if, and a way that affected certain persons who did not care in the least for the future of the colony, but only wanted a portion J of the money to be expended—not that he thought any would be laid out—into their pockets, and let the future take care of itself. But was that the position that the House should take up? They were bound to look at the fnture of the colony, and not wbat effeqt this would have, upon the country during the few years that they might he inhabitants of it. The bulk of the people who _ now desired to cany out the arrangement might not be in South Australia when the immense liability involved came to be met. A small ralue was set upon the land. It was said that it was almost worthless unless it was improved. But he took notice of the fact that a great many of the persons whose names had been given to the House as promoters of the scheme, and who made these statements, were the very people who were the House for giving the land into tne hands of bona fide cultivators. They now considered 200,000,000 acres as a small thing, and. would give it for a work of such a kind as this. If tne amount of 1b, an acre could produce £10,000,000 of capital, and we had sold that amount within the last 25 years, was it likely that we should be found to lay out the money in men a work as making a railway across the continent? Were there not works of far .more importance to be carried ant than such gone as that? .What was there grown in (he of the continent to be brought here or to £he ptftpr Mde? (Hear, hear.) All that was required was the making of Aim® MO JB* miles towards the centre - from, this side, and from Port JJarwin perhaps 120 miles, wid that was all that was likely to be made; and therefore it was' unreasonable to ask that land should be placed at the disposal of the Company for the whole line when only what benefited themselves waa likely to be earned out. That brought him to a point that he wished the House to consider welL He had given some little consideration to the matter, and wished the House to look at it from the same point of view as that which he had taken up. It seemed quite clear to him that if they had £500,000 within the next ten years in their possession they should not spend it in an attempt to make a railway. Tha: was a fact that would at once be admitted, and if they kept to that it would be seen that it would be absurd to sell land at a rate cheaper than what it could be sold for otherwise for the purpose of having a work of that kind carried out. It would be well to consider by the provisions of the Bill the real object the promoters had in view. He did not suppose they had told the House, and he was quite sure they had not told the people outside their object; but that was to be gathered from the Bill itself. There was a clause providing that work might be commenced at both ends or at one end of the. proposed line. Thus they could make a certain portion each way. They might make 150 miles of line through the very best portion of the country, and by doing so claim 15,000,000 or 16,000.000 acres of the best land in the Northern Territory; and not only that, but have all the advantages of the discoveries to be made during the time the line was in course of construction. Would any one say that the Go vernment would be entering into a good arrange ment to give 16.000,000 acres of land for the Peking of 150 mileB of Northern Territory Railway ? If that was done the Company would be enabled to for ma portion of the line asfar as suited themselves on each side, and receive for the work the fee simple in all the land allotted for it, and the Government could not compel them to proceed any further with the work. It would be earned out where the construction could be done at £4,000 or £5,100 a mile, as it would at once be admitted that a work of that kind could be carried out at much lesB cost on the Beaboard than in the central portion of the continent. He would ask the House, theD, to look at the question from a plam common sense point of view. Was it probable that a Com pany which had the choice would make the line where it was most expensive, and where the laDd was least valuable, when it could claim the land that was most valuable at the seaboard by making the line where they could do so at the smallest cost * Common sense was sufficient to show that the "line would only be made for a short distance at each end. It had been said "Look at the United States," and he must confess that on looking there the amount of railway constructed in comparison with the population was to him a most extraordinary thing. But the result had not been found to be so satis factory as might at first be imagined. The rail ways falling into the hands of private Corpora tions had exerted a very undue influence in that country. (Hear, hear.) The result had been gross corruption—that members of the Legislature were bribed to a large extent, and that the Companies had created a state of things in America which he was sure they would be very sorry to see here. (Applause.) But fancy 2,000 miles of railway made in the colony for less than 200,000 people. If .hon. members looked at statistics it would be seen that for every 1,000 persons in the colony a mile, of railway would have to be made, and supposing we compared that with America, it would be found that we would have 10 times the length oi line in proportion to the population more than was made in the United States, It was perfectly absurd to talk about carrying out such a gigantic scheme as that now proposed, and he felt sure that the persons who proposed it had no idea of carrying; it out in its entirety. (Hear, hear.). He had heard very little said outsiae. The meetings held upon this subject had been attended for the most part by those who had an interest in carrying out the passing of a Bill. Those who desired to speak against the scheme had scarcely been heard, and the most extraordinary means had been taken to give the public an impression in its favour. Very few persons opposed had had an opportunity of considering the scheme in its monstrous propor tions. The Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands had given notice of a Bill for the sale of lands in the Northern Territory, and the price to be fixed was. he understood, to be 7s. 6d. per acre. Now if what the Bill would sanction were taken, and that the Company were given the fee-simple of 15 million or 16 million acres, of land for the construction of 150 miles of line in the North, in what position would the Government be in com peting with a Company having the fee-simple of land purchased at Is. per acre, against 7s. 6d., that the Crown intended to charge ? He was quite sure that the Government must go with him in the rejection of the Bill, or they never could dream of bringing forward a measure to provide for a charge of 7s. 6'd. an acre for land, as against a Company that could not only sell at a low price, but give the purchasers the benefit of 150 miles of railway into the bargain. The Government might shut up the Land Office immediately, either for the Northern Territory or on tins side, if the Bui was passed. They would be the lords and masters of the Northern Territory to all intents and purposes. The Government would be obliged to conform with the Act in all things, and, besides, would have to survey all the land for the Company, causing the country to be taxed to the extent of £200,000 for the purpose of getting rid of half its territory. And while the Company could then compete with the Government m the sale of land, the Government would still have the cost left upon it of maintaining good government and law in the country. It was a monstrous pro posal. He had in his hand a map which had been prepared in connection with the scheme [green and white]. Talk about the famous zebra stripes, they were nothing to what was there pre sented. They had been made out m black and white; but these as if to show how very green the colony was. If this BUI were passed, he thought he could see a certain gentleman well known in the city, standing up and demanding his last pound of flesh in connection with the scheme. (Hear, hear.) Be would ask if they had not introduced the scheme, and passed a Bill, and caused him to lav out his money. Audit was shown what the scheme waa, and what might be expected, when they looked at the position that the well-known gentleman took up. He stuck to it very closely, and many of the other names on the list were those of gentlemen who would be remem bered as standing forth very prominently amongst those having claims on the country in the Northern Territory Company. Another point was how the Government would deal with its lands if the Bill was passed. If the measure became law iUippeaied to him thatthe land would all be locked up, and would not be disposed of till after the Company were satisfied. The Company, If the Bill was passed, would say that until they took up theirs the Government had no right to seU any portion of land. That was an important point to look at in reference to the scheme put before the House. He did not mean to quote very largely, but must make some quotations from what had been said by the hon. member in moving the second reading of the Bill. The SPEAKER—The hon. member must not read from the debate. . The Hon. J. HART was simply making a quota tion from the 6peech of the hon. member who had moved the secon.d reading. It was in the same debftte The 'SPEAKER said he was pointing out that the hon. member must not read from any speech that had been made. ... The Hon, J. HART was not gomgto read, but at the same time intended to quote what the hon. member had said. He said that at one time there had been some doubts about the land being auriferous, and about the soil being fertile; but that now there existed no doubt about our gold fields or the fertility of the colony. The hon. member had spoken also abont the Roper River, and the great value of the land upon its banks. But he was not surprised at all at that, and that the hon. member should speak in high terms of that part as representing his railway constituents, because they would take the whole of the land on the Roper from its source to its mouth. He could quite understand that portion of thehon. member s speech appearing in a prospectus in London when people there were to be called upon to find the money for the railway, and take in exchange 16,000,000 acres of such fine land as the hon. mem ber had described. He was quite ready to admit that there was land ihere that could be disposed of to persons for occupation and cultivation on much better terms than those contained in the BUI. Supposing at the present time that a liberal land measure in reference to the Northern Territory was brought in, a large amount of land would be taken np by persons who would spend money in its cultivation; but if this Bill were passed the Oom pany'sworkinallprobability would be carried out by Coolie labour, and that would result in being of no benefit whatever to persons connected with the country. He most say that it appeared to him an extraordinary thing that no mention had been made by the hon. member who had brought for ward the motion for the second reading what amount of security was to be deposited at once, (Hear, hear.) Did they propose to put down £100.000 now? (Mr, Solomon—" Tbey have not got it.") What did they propose, on passing a Bill of that kind, on. which an agreement was to be based? And in what position would the agreement place the Govern ment? Were we bound to lock up the land for any time during five years? The agreement could be given up by the Company before five years, but the land must be kept open for them by the Govern ment. If that was so Mr. Ross—he thought he might mention the name, as he was well known in connection with the scheme out of doors—could go home to London, and see if the thing could be floated. If he could not do so there would be no loss to the promoters. He felt that the House, ■ with a feelingof respect for itself, and for those who had the well-being of South Australia at heart, could not pass the second reading of the Bill. It might be said, and he believed had been sakLihat modifi cations could not be made in the Bill; butthe House had to look at the measure as it stood. They were not bound to go higgling on the details of such a measure. It should be brought forward m a proper shape, and if that were done he should he a stanch supporter of a measure for the conces sion of a fair amount of land for a fair amount of work. If the promoters brought in another Bill, and proposed to make 100 miles of railway from Fort Darwin to the auriferous country, to a point to be on by. the Government; he should be glad to rive them his support He would support a Bill in the same way for a railway at this end, to open np the country winch itwas supposed wonld produce so large a quantity of copper; and be for giving the Company who wouldconstruct it concessions of land. He might gototo tfber matters, but he fdt that theHouse wonld be with him m rejecting *his Bill, and he wassure it weald satisfy the country if they did The line was supposed to be £000 miles long their own particular service, it was simply absurd. "Why did the promoters propose to go to ; the left instead of the right, where the centres of j population were! The bon- member for Gtime racha said the other colonies could join by loop lineB; but would Sydney make a line 800 miles long for the sake of joining theirs somewhere north of Port Augusta? The thing was absolute nonsense. They knew that the Ministry of which he was a member desired to carry the telegraph line from Wentworth to Port Darwin, in which case they should have had the assistance of Victoria, and it was a very great mistake indeed that they did not do so. Within the last few days he had had to acknowledge one great mistake which he had made in his political life, and there was one more. When the House refused to allow the line to be made from Wentworth, and to allow the other colonies to join them, he regretted exceedingly that he did not make a stand, and give up office, instead of making the line from Port Augusta. He acted wrongly, and he trnsted he should never be found doing the like again, should he he in a similar position. Why make the railway from Port Augusta, instead of making it from that part of the colony where the other colonies could get the advantage as well as themselves, because a railway itself was no benefit to the colony . It was the amount of traffic which would give a revenue, and he said that it would be absolutely impossible that it should pay for any thing beyond the oil and the tallow required for working the engine. There would be no traffic of goods. Goods could not be carrried across the continent at the rate they paid ,at the present time —threepence per ton per mile. Por 2,000 miles that would cost £25, and by sea the carriage would be 30s. or £2. Was it likely our flour would go to the Northern Territory or their rice come here at a cost of £25 per ton? The thing was, absurd. Where would ithey get the fuel for the thousand miles in the centre of this line. Had the experience of the various surveyors shown that there was sufficient timber in the centre of the island for it or that there was any coal there?. In the United States the coals were known to exKt on the route, but to carry coals to the centre of the island for the journey across would require the whole power of the locomotive. He felt sure the Hope would see the absurdity of the measure, and he should not move as usual that it be read that day six months, but trusted to the House throwing it out upon the second reading. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TOWN SEND hoped the hop. member for Gumeracha from his experience in that House and his character, would know that those who found fault with the Bill meant not the slightest disrespect to him or the promoters. It should be home in mind that not a sentence of this scheme was before the public at the late election, and whether viewed from its magnitude or its importance it ought to be remitted to those who sent them there. When he heard that the hon. member for Gumeracha intended to introduce it he was amazed, for—he did not say it from flattery, but from personal observation—he believed there was no more painstaking public man in South Australia, and he could only say when he consented to take charge of the measure he must have allowed his judgment to give way to his extraordinary good nature. They knew how the hon. member could speak when his heart was enlisted in the matter, and they knew the feeble way in which he intro-. duced this; in fact, he apologized for it-(The Hon. A. Blyth—"No."?—he said he had not done justice to it—and it was because m bis mind he did not conscientiously believe it, and he ques tioned whether fife did now. His second speech was somewhat better. It was made up of two leading ideas taken from the United States ol America, where they were so exceedingly liberal; but the hon. member did not tell them the Parliament gave the Companies an Act, or allowed them to take advantage of an Act. He did not tell them that there the Companies took advantage of an Act which was already passed; and with regard to going to the United States, his hon. friend sneered at them when it suited him as much as any one there. There was an impression outside that a Company was already formed, and prepared to carry out the work,, but after all there was no proposition really before the public: and notwithstanding the power of ipind displayed, notwithstanding the advertisements which appeared in the public papers, notwith standing the agencies in every direction, the pres sure which was being brought to bear upon mem* hers of Parliament in every form, and that Mr. Boss, when he could not get one to agree with him, insulted him and said, " You are almost like John Bond Phipson"—there was still no scheme before the public except this. When the Hon. Arthur Blyth introduced the matter he said ad persons had put down their names tor a Uabihty of £100 each, of which they had paid £5 deposit. (Hear.) That was the proposition, and he might have to test the feeling of the House as to whether this Bill was a private Bill or not. He belived it was. (flfc. Ward—" Hear, bear.") In no case could the liability of these al persons by the articles of association exceed £100. fie knew two gentlemen who had put down their names as promoters who had said that if they had examined the matter they Bbould not have done so, and he knew there were others who had regretted joining. The promoters said they had only taken up the matter for the good of the colony. They did not propose to make the railway start from the Burra and continue their present line of railway under other circumstances; but they wanted to go from Poit Augusta, and asked for 200,000,000 acres of public land for making the railway. His hon. friend did not say that the railway was necessary, and the question was whether, if a Company came forward to do it, it would be desirable at the present time. The horn member had not attempted to prove that the railway itself would be a profitable thing, and not one solitary sentence did he say to show that it was necessary. He held in his hand the report : of the Select Committee on the Port Augusta Bail way Bill, No. 22 of 1867. under which the Government gave a guarantee of 5 percent, on 200 miles of railway, which should cost £4,000 per mile. Mr. Wallace, who was examined, and who represented some of the best moneyed names in the old country, offered to construct the line on a guarantee of 5i per cent, for £3,750—one-ninth of the whole work which these gentlemen now pro posed to do. The Legislature did not like that, and now this scheme was brought forward, The promoters said the land was valueless. If it was valueless, were they, who were sent there by their constituents to uphold the integrity of South Aus tralia, to offer English capitalists valueless things in order to make & capital out of it? (Bear, near.) If the land was valueless, as these people made out, they ought to be ashamed of themselves to offer it, and nothing was more disgraceful to a colony than a bubble scheme. It was because the land was proved to be of such gigantic vMue that they wanted it—(cheers)—and he rejoiced that it would be bo aa a reward for their having carried out the gigantic telegraph scheme. Of course, like the land all over Australia, there was a great deal of scrub, but persons who had been there had told him that it embraced some of the finest land in the world He met Mr. Towler, who had returned from the North glowing with raptures as to this land, and he showed him a diamond be picked up, which he said he haa been cflered £20 for, but some days afterwards he saw him, and singularly enough his views had been changed. He knew, too, that Mr. John licun sevelfi who spoke at the meeting last night, knew that this was some of the best land. He knew young men who had thrown up situations m Banks and Insurance Companies to go and start cattle stations in consequence of the reports of the value of the land. They were asked to give it away and lock it up for five years; but if the Bill was passed in its present form, and an agreement was entered into with the Government, inasmuch as the survey could not be completed m less time, the Government would not be able to deal with an acre till the expiration of five years. Everybody knew what his profession was, and this was the statement he had made to Mr. Boss. He pledged his reputation as a valuator if during these five years the Government offered the laud in 10,000-acre blocks it did not fetch at least 5s. an acre—(Hear, hear)—and more than that, he said many of the highly respectable promoters would be the largest customers at from 5s. to 10s. h Assuming that thevgot 5s. an acre for 200.000.000 acres, that was £50.000,000, andatls. an acre it would be £10,000,000. Then was it not monstrous to ask them to give Buch an extent of laud away ? There was another thing to be considered, which was the power a large Company had in a small country, and one of the best letters Mr. Samuel Bapbael ever wrote—and he admired him for his public spirit, though not always the way in which he did things—was that in which he .spoke of the power which large Companies exercised in small communities; but somehow or other his views were changed, (laughter.) it spoke well for the activity of the canvassers for the scheme. They knew that the district which the Bom Mr. Blyth represented and the District of Onka pannga had been crushed by the power of one Company—the South Australian Company—and that some of the best men in those districts bad been driven out of them in consequence of that power. If they had a Company of the land proposed it would dictate terms to the Govern ment, who would be quite powerless to resist them. The promoters said they took this scheme up not with a view of benefiting themselves, but for the good of South Australia. There was a proof to every statement. When he was Mayor of Adelaide a gentleman, now a member of that House, had given £200 towards the erection of the Torrens Dam for the benefit of the public, and therefore he could suppose that these gentlemen put down their £100 each for the benefit of the colony. He would say to them—"If your wish is for the general welfare of the colony, will yon allow me to insert a clause in the Bill that it, after having got the concession, supposing you get £5,000 Jor your £100, you will take £4,900 put m new shares? What advantage this will give you in your negotiation with English capitalists, to \- show that yon do not desire to get anything out of the affair, but are only taking it np for the benefit of South Australia.. We are anxious to develop our corn-fields, our rice-fields, our copper mines, and. to show you we are-quite bona fide, even excluding Mr. Boss's heavy commission, we will take out the amount you pay in new shares." Would they allow this clause, and also one to throw open the scheme to the whole of the country? (No.) It was by questions of this sort they brought the promoters to the proof. IHe believed many of them would not seek; in their individual capacity, to get what they now Bought to get by a BiU. They would get it, and then they would Bell the concession. There was no pro vision that they should even take it to the English market; they might take it to Belgium or America, and divide the proceeds amongst them. It was said by Mr. W. Whyte at the meeting last night that those who opposed the scheme were actuated by envy. There was no envy on his part; he could have gone into it if he haa liked. He would not care if he thought the scheme was a right one; he would not grudge the men who proposed it getting £10,000 or £20,000. \ (Hear.Tiear.) He found that this scheme was not j Mr. Boss's,- but Mr. Boyle's. He did not know ; whether hon* members had heard of him; itwas j the same gentleman who was connected with the Murray Fiats. The whole thing would not bear the light of day if looked into for a moment. It was said that it would bring population to them, without which the land was valueless. If the ■Jailway was made with coolie labour, what was to become of the population when it was completed? ahere was not the slightest doubt that the people of the colony would be taxed to pay for their sub sistence under the Destitute Board. It ought at 1 all events to be shown that the railway was neces sary, that it was likely to pay, and that the con cessions under the Bill were reasonable. It was said last night that there was nothing like asking enough. The promoters had asked enough. The Hon. Mr. Blyth said they were men who carried pmdence to a fault Would they increase the liability? Perhaps he would tell them. The Hon. Mr. Hart had spoken about a weak part of the scheme—the deposit. If they paid down the yfco'eof the money they could raise it would only by £11,00-'. That was for 2,000 miles of railway, costing £10,000.000. They could not put it all down, because they said it would cost several hundreds to get the Bill through Parliament, but the Speaker had told them that day in answer to a question he put that it would not cost them a farthing. He had not been spoken to by any of his constituents on the sub ject. Messrs. Mair, Whyte, and Bounseveli, who spoke at the meeting last night, were all interested m the scheme, and there were only about 30 persons present. If they were to rush a scheme of this .kind, they should be palling the energies of succeeding generations. After the statement of theTreasurer with regard to Mr. Boss's treatment of the bullocks, he did not think they ought to follow his statement in the matter, and if he gave them the bullocks and the £11,000 he would not care to accept them. He did not think that even in a scheme of this kind a deposit of £100,000 would be enough. It ought to be equal to the cost of survey—(Hear, hear)—and he warned hon. members that the same power which could carry the second reading could carry this matter. These things progressed step by step. His hon. friend the member -for Gtimeracha did not state what the deposit would be. but when" the time came he would do so. He was as anxious to attract popu lation as any one, if they could do it on sound political principles; but he would say that it was not the duty of Parliament to pass a scheme for speculators, but that it ought only to deal with bona fide Companies. (Cheers.) The Treasurer knew that it was a cardinal principle—and he remembered hearing Mr. Strangways say so-^that the legislature should not pass Acts for specula tive purposes, but should only deal with bona fide Companies. Bow, in what way were these people hound ? At five minutes to 12 o'clock in five years the Government would not know whether they intended to take up the work or not. If the Northern Territory or the telegraph line was a failure they would not do it, and they would simply be out of pocket, not £100 each, but the amount which they had spent, he supposed, including the adveitisements, perhaps about £15. The Government would be bound to them; but they would not be bound to the Govern ment, except to. such an amount of deposit as the House in its wisdom might see fit to put in. If these names were included in a Company bound to carry out one-fourth of the distance of the scheme he would go to the excess of liberality to allow them to do it He believed the Northern Territory would be a success, and that the land there would hear a far different value to what it did now. The report of the Committee on the Port Augusta Railway Bill, of which he was Chair man, said that there were at least 10 mines equal to the Bhnman within 200 miles of Port Augusta, and the Blinman they knew gave employment to between 1,500 and 2000 people. They knew that in four or five years the squatters going out and other causes would greatly increase the value of the land, and as the colODy would be bound hand and foot to the promoters, it would not be too much to say to them, "If you believe this scheme will develop the resources of the colony, and that you will get an indirect benefit from it through the increase of population andtrade, will you use your influence ■ to throw the scheme open to any Company'" He was sony that amongst the promoters were personal friends of his own, and men with whom he did business and it was difficult to stirinir from the influence which might be brought to bear by them, but he felt that he should be a traitor to tnose who sent him there if he consented to any such scheme without its being remitted to them. He desired to develop the resources of the colony, but the Bill was such that even if it were carried a second time it could not be moulded to the form which he thought desirable, and he should feel it his duty to move that it be read that day six months. u &<vS?vern?lent doubted his word let them put up 10,000-acre blocks of this land, and they would see what it would fetch. If the scheme was to develop the resources of the colony and open up the country, he was willing to join the Govern ment in letting these lands go at a lower rate; and ff the Government passed a Waste Lands Bill specially for that purpose the Treasurer would bave no lack of money, and he knew that some of the respectable men whose names were on the promoters' list would be the largest purchasers. Let it be bome in mind that before a white man set his foot here land fetched £1 per acre; since then it had fetched on the average £1 5s. 6d., and it had been sold again by other persons after it Dad passed out of the hands of the Government at an average of 50s. an acre, and yet they were told that the land was worthless at the very time they were continually going into the London market to borrow money. He believed it to be only a stock-jobbing scheme entered into by respectable fgen. If the proposition were that the concessions should be open to the world he should support it; but as it was the concessions would be sold by the promoters to the highest bidder, and their interest would cease as soon as they had sold the BilL It was somewhat painful to oppose the measure, considering the respectability of the names con nected with it; but they were the more bound to ao so on that account. Mr. CAKE rose to second the amendment of -the hon. member for Sturt, and would Bay that they liberal land reformers must hide their diminished heads, for they certainly never imagined anything one-twentieth part as generous as this Bill, which proposed to give one-third of the colony in fee simple to Mr. Boss and his friends the promoters for ninepence an acre, to be spent in making a railway which, when made, was to be their property also. What a contrast to the parsimony withwhich land was doled out to the farmer at not less than £1 per acre is the magnificent liberality of the pro moter of this scheme; but the only drawback was that the land was to be taken from the public and given to themselves. As for the quantity of land being too much, Mr. Tomkinson, one of the pro moters, says:—"They did intend to a6k for 300 million acres," which was more than half the whole colony (Northern-Territory included), but they had come down to BOO millions as the very lo westfigure, yet this least quantity which these promoters in their bashfulness and disinterested modesty dared ask for was more than two-fifths of the whole colony. South Australia, with its Northern Territory, contained 750, CO J square miles, and the prompters asked for 312,500 square miles. England contained 50.922 square miles ; Wales. 7 397 Scodand, 31,324; Ireland, 32481; New Zealand,' 9a.000; Victoria, 86,944; making a.totalof 304,068 square miles. These figures showed that the pro moters asked for some 5,000.009 acres beyond the aggregate area of Great Britain, Ireland, New Zeaiand, and Victoria, and they asked them in this BUI to promise to support the authority of the Company throughout the whole of this vast territory, and guarantee their proprietor ship with all its privileges and rights. On a recent occasion, in speaking of the request of the prompters of this scheme that we should hand over to them this enormous quantity of land, he was reported as using the word "immodesty." whereas he spoke of the modesty of the promoters in making such a moderate request when they might and could have asked for more; and he now said that the plan deposited with this Bill showing how much land they would like to have and where they would like to have it, was a very elegant plan, avoiding as it did so dextrously all the sterile country 230 miles north of Port Augusta,-and taking in, as it did, the fine country and navigable nvers of the Northern Territory, and asking, as it did, for as much land as would give to every man in the colony, if cut up and divided, a farm of 4,640 acres. This plan was quite a work of art; but it. had one fault, in that it re presented the worst half of the American flag— the stripes without the stars—just as this scheme initiated the worst half of American enterprise by faying to give us the land monopolies and political jobbery and labyrinthine rascalities of the Amenea Railway Ring without the public use and value and reproductiveness of American rail i ways, for it was mere idle talk to compare a thin? like this with railways connecting the eastern spores and States of America with the Pacific. I here they had the vast populations of the At lantic and the more Western States on one side, and the wonderful growth of California on the other. Here we had an arid desert at Port Augusta with a mere handful ef men on it, and a few Government officials at Port Darwin. There they avoided a rough and circuitous voyage of many thousand miles round Cape Horn, equal at least to a voyage half ronnd the world; while here we should compete with an ocean route in a mild climate and pacific seas not more than twice as long as the proposed railway. Besides this, the Ampriror, railways were made for national purposes to bind the various States together by Iron bands and common interests at the common cost, bat this was a project for the benefit of a section only even of this colony. He agreed most thoroughly with all that could be said as to the necessity for developing the resources of the country and giving it internal communication, but that internal communication might be bought too dear. They should laugh at a man who threwaway the best half of a magnificent ^tate in order that he might have a road made through it in the wrong place. Tet this was what we were requested to do, for this railway did not come near our South Australian population, and was still further from that of any other colony. We made a mistake in constructing the Overland Telegraph on our own account, but we should make a very .much greater mistake if we put a Trans-Australian Bail way in the wrong place simply in order that we might have the honour and glory of paying a hnge puce for its construction and rfipn lose heavily by working it; for we should have to work it, no doubt, as. when the Company had got the land for making it, they would be only too gad to forfeit the railway, and leave the colony the very unprofitable and ruinous task of keeping it up. Some very narrow reasons had been given why we should, tj&cnfice; this immense territory. One Adelaide tradesman dragged this babble scheme into public meetings because he wanted to import a few more saddles from England, another because he wanted to make a profit on selling blankets to the navvies; and if a large vtodot faonate amount was really to be expended in re productive labour, mid if the labourers were to be .Australians and, not Coolies, there would be some KSf6 Jfe. "IF But they forgot that :th© bulk of the money spent in railway construction was spent £n purchasing i and importing English rails, iron sleepers, car- I riages, and locomotives, and galvanized iron for stations, so that a mere fraction would be spent in thiB colony either for labour or aught else. For want of any better argument the proverbial dog in-the-manger was continually flung at those who wished to prevent the promoters from taking this land; but those who nsed this comparison every time they spoke on the subject forgot that a good watch-dog was often of great use and value, and that, even if it were not so, a few unsavoury com parisons would not prevent members of that House from performing what they believed. to be then | duty, however unpleasant that duty might be, with more than dogged watchfulness and fidelity. They forgot, also (if they ever knew), the story ot the thief, who said the policeman was a regular dog-;in the-manger, for he would neither take a thing himEelf nor let another cove lift it. (bangbter.) There could, he thought, be no doubt that if this railway were open for traffic to-morrow shippers from Adelaide to Port Darwm would prefer the route by sea, because goods could be conveyed so much more cheaply by water than by land, and the railway would not have the ghost of acnance i in competition for traffic from one side of Aus- . tralia to the other. The other colonies would certainly not send goods intended for Port Darwin to Port Augusta, and „as for any prospect ot Melbourne or Sydney joining this railway by branch line, which, as the hon. mover (Mr. Elytb) truly said, " sounded like a dream, where could they join it even if they were willing? Possibly at or near the Boper, although they could just as easily go to the Gulf of Carpentaria; but in either case what use would the railway or the branch railway he to South Australia? And they were certainly not likely" to join this railway at any point south of the Boper country. If they were to pass this Bill in its present form one portion of the railway would, he thought, be made within the 19 years, during which nearly half the colony would be locked up from sale. He referred to the northern end of the line from Port Darwin to Daly Waters, passing as it did through rich lands, watered by navigable rivers, capable of growing various semi-tropical productions, . and containing ascertained gold- fields, which might, for aught they knew, rival those of Victoria. It would only be equal justice that if the Company should fail to complete or cease to work the rail way they should forfeit the land given in pay ment for the making and working, but they would under this Bill keep the land and let . us have the costly and ruinous privilege of working the for feited railway. As this Bui was drawn the Com pany formed under it could begin at Port Darwin and make the line through this fine country, winch, as the Hon. Mr. Blyth told them when moving this motion, "has a profitable gold-field in it, and fine navigable rivers, and is capable of growing cottoD, sugar, rice, coffee, and all the great .pro ductions of the East, and is in an excellent position Jor .trade," Now when they had made the line | Irorii Port Darwin so far as to enable taein to claim and take this fine country they could then under the provisions of this Bill abandon the rest of the scheme, leaving the ostensible reason for this Bill, namely, the crossing of the interior by a railway, untouched. And even if they were to alter this most one-sided Bil), which gave everything to the promoters and secured nothing to South Aus tralia, and inserted a provision that an equal length of railway shall be laid down at each end of the proposed line, we should not escape.the. danger which was put along with other objections by "Iota," in the Begisier of Friday, May 17—' The Bill before the House should be carefully watched. Dp to the present time the question whether the Company should have 200,00,000 acres for making the railway has alone been considered. The land required is in fact about one-half of South Australia to the north of Port Augusta; but there were other matters of equal importance to be considered. Supposing the Company made part of the Line only—say 200 or 300 miles from each end—and 1 eft the rest unmade, the Company. would not be b< und to complete the line, and would be entitled to retain all the blocks of land adjoining the.rau way as far as it was made. The only forfeiture was the unprofitable railway itself, which it was kindly proposed should be taken by the Govern mpnt, and of course worked at a loss. There was another objection to the Bill. The whole of the land mentioned in the schedule would he locked up for 19 years. Until the expiration of that time the Government could not let or sell it, nor issue any mining, timber, or other licences for that part of South Australia. For instance, the whole district of the Boper would be locked up for 19 years; even the existing rights of present occupants were not reserved. The Bill was one of those rough contracts which was sure to end in dispute and litigation, and South Australia wonld again suffer as in the case ot the Northern Territory and the Overland Telegraph. One white elephant was bad enough, but they would soon have three. (Hear, hear.) These were by no means slight objections, but the hon. mover of this motion argued that the promoters of the scheme were such prudent andpratriotic and disin terested men that it must needs be a good thing for the colony. He said they were prudent to a fault, and so they were no doubt. But as for the patriotism and the disinterestedness, he believed they were quite equal to the modesty, and that the sum of all three qualities might be veiy properly termed an unknown quantity. Certainly there was no fault of excess in it. The prudence was, however, unmistakable. See, for example, the way in which ill-natured folk said they were now trying to catch the support of waverers. Fearing that outsiders might see what was being done and make an outcry, they proclaimed their intention of greatly increasing the number of shares so as to give them the hope that if they would assist in the operation of fleecing the public they should have part of the plunder. But like prudent men as they were, they carefully deferred from time to time the division of the shares until it was seen whether the Bill would pass; because, if so, the division must be made one way; if not, it must be made another way. If the Bill was lost outsiders must feel they had lost shares, and perhaps help to pay for the loss; but if the Bill became law they must have no shares to lose. He knew that the promoters were "all honourable men," but as far as hecould judge honourable men needed quite as much watching as anybody else, and more as far as they were concerned, for jailors and policemen looked after the thieves, but they had to watch the honourables. Some of the pro moters were styled honourable with great pro priety, for one-third of the members of the Upper House had shares in this delicate and modest scheme to hand over to themselves or their nominees more than two-fifths of the colony in fee-simple. He would not speak thus if it were merely a question of the possession of a few leases or the expenditure of a few thousands of pounds, or even a vote of no confidence in a Ministry; but on the much more important question of the second reading of this Bill, which proposed to create the most gigantic land monopoly the world ever saw, and give more than two-fifths of the whole colony at a nominal price to a Company of land Bhaiks, money-lenders, and speculators in railway shares, he was bound to speak the whole truth whatever the pain or cost to himself might be. If he was charged with being personal he could truly reply there had been a remarkable absence of any argument in favour of this Bill, except the personal, argument or assumption continually repeated in various forms. that the promoters were too good to be unkind. This argument was as unconclusive as that of the man caught in a farmer's, henroost one dark night, who, in order to show that he had no felonious inteu tiod. took a prayer-book out of his pocket with his name written on the first page. Instead of proof that this was a good BiH, the promoters pre sented a certificate of good character signed by the Register, and countersigned by the Govern ment organ, the Advertiser, who both said they were very respectable men; arid at every, public meeting their friends .took up the refrain, and repeated it again like well-trained parrots whistling together to the same old tune, "What very respectable men." (Laughter.) j The Advertiser of the 16th May, in order to show 1 that the project was not a swindle, and for want of abetter argument to show that the Bill was a good one, recited the names of some of the promoters. Here hiBtory repeated itself, for they had seen some of these nameB before as holders of Northern Territory land-orders. There was a good old Eroverb, " Once bit, twice shF," and they knew owveiy generous and forbearing these.gentlemen were when they dealt with the public of South Australia under an Act of Parliament. In.the sale and survey of lands in the Northern Territory we dealt partly with the same men. and wholly with men of the same class as the promoters—respect able men, old colonists, honourable men, men who had made money in the colony—and how did they treat us? First, they induced the Government to delay the survey, and then took advantage of the self-same delay to repudiate the bargain, and then sued the Government for breach of contract. Did they not refuse double the quantify of land and then try their utmost to.write down South Australia and South Australia loans in the English papers? Had we not lost thousands of pounds in the sale of our loans in consequence of their action; Had they not plunged us, into enormous law expenses and with more than Shy lock-like vindictiveness refused all eaual terms of settle ment, and had we not found that this unfortunate | colony had no enemies so savage and so treacherous as these respectable honourable old colonists who 1 had made money in it? And nowit was proposed in this Bill to trust those forbearing and patriotic gentlemen in an affair which was at least one hundred times as large as the former transaction in which they bit us so severely. (Hear, hear.) He folly believed the statement of the hon. mover (Hon. A. Blyth) that he was not animated by any private motive in bringing.in this Bill; but it was of the very essence of projects like this that some man of approved honesty should be put in front. Mr. Secretary Craggs—immortalized by Alexander Pope in the lines beginning— " Statesman, yet friend to tiutb, of soul severe, In "action generous, and in honour clear"— 'Was as honest as the day; bnt he believed in the South Sea Bubble, and npheld it. Thousands lost by it, and he lost also, so proving his honesty. But the question before them was the. second reading of that infamous Bill, and not the good ■ character of the hon. member for Gumeracha. He wished he was as shrewd as he was honest in this case, and felt inclined to say to him as Sir Toby said to Malvolio— , . . . "Dost thou think; because thou art virtuous, There shall be no more cakes and ale?" Would human nature cease to be human nature, and monopolizers of land and railway speculators and Northern Territory shareholders become chivalrous and generous in their dealings with the State because the Hon. Arthur Blyth had consented to serve their purpose by taking charge of this Bill! As for binding these men fast, and securing themselves' by Act of Parliament, they had thought that had been done in the Act for the settlement of the Northern Territory. Everybody had said at the time that it was not to cost South Australiaone penny. People always thought so, and were always disappointed. Lawyers and legislators conld not checkmate landsharks, either when they . took square miles under the Land Act, or hun dreds of millions of acres as under this very liberal BilL And an Act dealing with laud never was so constructed as to secure the public from impom tion or Utigation. because, althoueh they might punish, they could not prevent trend by^ of Parliament (Hear. hear.) But if the hon. member who had charge of the honest conld he rule the promoters, and if theyhaa become such changed characters as to he®®)*?®?. , himself, or better, conld they role the Enghstt capitalists, who would have to find money this railway was made, or guarantee their jjopa faith and fairness, or, what wasi of far.mm® queuce, could they guarantee that the Company would not defraud and oppress the thousands or tenants who would have to live under them«(trear. hear.) Companies did not sell land—the South Australian Company to wit, which had ruined some of the fairest spots in the colony; and the Buna Company, which would not sell a miners homestead. The worst sort of landlords were absentees, and the worst sort of absentee land lords Companies, which, as they had neither a body to be kicked norasoultobesaved, were above or below the influence of humane motives, and treat men only as so many figures or cyphers in an account (Applause.) Many of the tenants of this land would be close to the sea, and many more than 300 miles from any part of the railway, such was the vaBt extent of the territory given by the Bill; and as it could be of no use to these tenants or occupiers of land, why should they be given up to perpetual serfdom ^in payment for it J If the quantity of land given were far less than was here proposed, he would still oppose the Bill, because he knew of nothing so baneful to society and so injurious to a nation s welfare as absentee proprietorship. He had Been the occupiers of some of the best land m the colony rained and the land as well because sill they could make for 20 years in succession had to go to an -English landlord or Company. When the promoters Baid they did not want this immense quantity of land for themselves, and that it was pure patriotism on their part, as all they wanted was to hand over the land to an English Company, who would make the railway, they only made the matter worse in his eyes. They proposed to give to a Company of absentees a property nearly four times as large as Victoria, or ten times as large as Ireland—to give that vast property and the ownership thereof for all time to absentees—to multiply the curse of Ireland—ab senteeism—tenfold, and then plant it in our midst to fester and grow for ever. (Sear, b6ar.) How could they imagine we would do this thing? How dare these promoters insult the common sense and common honesty of the Bouse by supposing members could be so credulous, or careless or corrupt as to pass this Bill? (Hear, hear.) In the schedule of this Bill, and on the map generally known now as the " eye opener," was as much land as would give a farm or rather a ran of 15,400 acres to every farmer in the colony. As for saying it was worthless land, the same thing had been said of Smithfield and the Gawler Plains, the agricultural areas, and all the best lands of the colony in turn, by those who wanted to keep them for themselves. "It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer; but when he is gone his way then he boasteth." (Laughter.) The hon. mover of the motion had, however, well described the northern half of the land as one of the finest countries in the world—gold-bearing, well watered, fertile, and excellently well situate for trade. (Hear, hear.) If it were a question of hand ing over the Territory with its liabilities and the , cost of government, and placing it in good hands, j much might have been said in favour of such a course; but these prudent men wanted us to throw 1 away more than half the Territory, and proposed to leave us all its present liabilities and the cost of government for the future. |Our former follv had already imposed heavy liabilities and burdens surely it would be well to try to ascertain the extent of that rojiy and the cost of our present lawsuits with Northern Territory land-order-holders before we plunged into greater mistakes. Already the Go veroment bad. had one little bill from the hon. and learned member for West Torrens (Mr. Boucaut) for more than £2,000. (An hon. member —•'A private bill.") That bill was but as a drop before the thunderstorm, for the damages and costs into which we were cast, and which we would be required to pay, would astonish both the House and the country. (Hear, hear.) The legal members of the House knew the exact truth of what be said, and although the Bd I would give the profession a golden harvest, he appealed to them to help to save the country from a blunder a hundred times larger and more costly than that perpetrated in the Northern Territory Settlement Act. (Hear, hear.) Because this Bill would plunge the country into an infinity of cost for no profit; because it would greatly foster political immorality, and promote to an immense extent that bane of society, absentee ownership; because it would create .an enormous land monopoly; and because it tried to rob the people of South Australia of more than two-fifths of the lands of the colony he would, to the utmost of his power, oppose it. (Applause,) Mi SOLOMON wished to ask—First. If this Bill was a private Bill? Secondly. If that was so, whether 5 per cent, of the amount to be expended had been deposited according to Standing Order 29? Thirdly. Was the Company a registered Com pany according to the statement in House Paper 81« Fourthly. If not, had it any right to ask for the concession of a Bill. And fifthly. If such a Bui, seeking to alienate Crown lauds, was in accordance with Standing Order 50 in reference to private Sills ? Mr. WARD was just about to raise those points when Mr. Solomon rose. If the Speaker ruled that the Bill was a private Bill it could not be further pressed in its present position he apprehended. The first clause of the Bill differed from the reso lution that had been agreed to in the House. The resolution affirmed the desirability of the railway being made, and inasmuch as this Bill expressly spoke of an agreement being entered into with a Company already formed, he respectfully must point out that the Bill was a private Bill, and could not be proceeded with. The Hon. A. BLYTH said that as the hon. member who had put the question had raised no less than five, and as it would be well that the Speaker should have time to reply, he would suggest that an adjournment for that purpose should be allowed. Already a question as to its being a private Bill had been answered from the The* SPEAKER—No; he should take time to reply. He had, however, never before been asked as to the nature of the Bill. He would ask for an a^j?ifBAMSAY would move that the debate be adjourned tiff WedneBday next. The Hon. A. BLYTH did not wish to oppose an adjournment, but merely wished that on the day fixed for the resumption of the discussion it should be understood that they should go on with it. Mr. BOUCAUT—There coula be no objection to go on with the debate subject to the Speaker's IUMrf \V^I?Vwished to ask Mr. Ramsay, in his motion for adjournment, to agree to name Wednes day fortnight. It was veiy necessary that a matter of such importance should be taken in a full House, and if it were on the Paper for Wednesday next, owing to other motions it might not come on till a late hour, when many hon. members, not knowing with certainty about its being proceeded with, might be absent. If it were placed on the Paper for Wed nesday fortnight it might be put first in the Orders of the Day, and then would be sure to come on at 4 o'clock. If it was necessary he begged to move an amendment to that effect. Mr BOUCAUT asked, if this was decided to be a private Bill, about the conditions of which the rules of the House had not been complied with, would it be competent for the hon. member to introduce a Bill in accordance with the resolution carried ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. G. Steven son) wished to know when the Speaker would be prepared to give his decision. The SPEAKER—When the question was next called on. The Attorney-General had raised the point in reference to the Bill being a private Bill, but it bad been to the Chairman of Committees, and not to the Speaker in the House. It was when the motion of the hon. member for Gumeracha was taken in Committee. Mr. BRIGHT thought that the motion of Mr. Ramsay should be agreed to. The question had now been befote the House and the country for a great length of rime, and it should as soon as pos sible be dealt with, as it was useless to go post poning it from week to week and month to month. He hoped on the day to which it should adjourned they would all come prepared, as he should do, to give his reasons for voting for or against the measure. , , Mr. TOWNSEND seconded the amendment of Mr. Ward, and would aBk the hon. member for Gumeracha (Hon. A. Blyth) to allow the adjourn ment to Wednesday fortnight, as he was sure the hon member did not want the Bill passed by a catch vote Mr. SOLOMON hoped that a question of such importance as this would be so placed on the Notice-paper that hon. members would be Bure when it was coming on for consideration, and he therefore hoped Mr. Ward's amendment would be C3Mt.<BRAY thought it showed that Mr. Towns end took a narrow view when he wanted the matter adjourned to a far-off day, when he had himself had all his say upon it. The Speaker, he understood, would give bis decision on the Bill when called on: and next Wednesday it would depend upon Mr. Ward, who had two motions upon the Paper, whether the HouseJiad an oppor tunity of considering it or not. But he did not think time would be saved by the course asked for, as hon. members would all wish to speak on this subject, and the debate would not finish for two Wednetdays. He hoped hon. members would support the morion for adjournment till that day W Mri BOUCAUT would support the hon. junior member for Gumeracha, as he thought the Speaker did not require much time to give his decision, and probably, whatever way he. ruled, the House, wishing to act in the matter as a public and not a private one, would allow of a public BuL He thought the adjournment for a fortnight was not likely to bring any good, and that the hon. member who had moved it was not right in doing ,so with a view to its being fairly discussed, when he probably anticipated that the ruling of the Speaker would put a stop to dis cussion. Hehoped that the amendment would not k^rflBUNDEY showed it was not well that the debates of the House should be adjourns jw&e; ouentty from time to time. He had listened wittt great pleasure to the remarks made by who had addressed the House, and might desire to touch upon some of them, but i»fter menta that was next to impossible. He pointed out that all members must swak onthis BUteert. fpRp Tiwunirai'— . jio. no, -) The Hon. sue xrea s^r saffi^rto, no." bus he differed from him, and foTthat retoom he hoped that the amendment would not be pressed.^ Sfi&TOthT; : tfljGe LAKE should support the amendment of " Mr Ward, because he thought they ought to have a fall day for discussing the question, and that they .were likely to have a fuller attendance that; day fortnight than that day week. The amendment was negatived, and the motion for adjournment for a week carried. THE ADELAIDE FIRE BRIGADE. Further consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Solomon— "That an address be presented to His Excel*' lency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 187% for the purpose oC subsidizing the cost of maintaining a fire Brigade for the protection of property in Adelaide and Port Adelaide against fire.' The motion, after discussion and division, wa® lost by a majority of 3. ECCLESIASTICAL PRECEDENCY ADDRESS.' Adjourned debate on motion for adoption. The Hon. J. HART thought at the present lata hour it would be well, with the consent of tha Government, to make the question an Order oE the Day for Tuesday. (The Treasurer—"Hot foe Mr. ROI^CAUT (who had previously moved tha adjournment of the debate) would move that it ba readjoumed till Wednesday or Friday. The Hon. J. HART objected to the matter being postponed so long. It was said that he bad no aeBire for the address to pass, but he was anxious that it should, so that the grievance should ba remedied. As the House seemed to wish tha question to be discussed now, he would agrea to that being done. Mr. WARD would second the motion that tha debate be adjourned till Wednesday. Mr. BOUCAUT, as the subject was not new*,' and had before been discussed in all its bearings*; would not venture to detain the House long in what he had to say, whether the hour was late or early. He should be quite warranted in going on. at great length, and talking against time, as tha request made for. adjournment had not been assented to. He wished to know in what way tha debate was to be taken—were they to take tha paragraphs of the address one by one ? The SPEAKER-No. Mr. BOTJCAUT might say that he was not going' to move an amendment, as he disapprove® altogether of what the House was doing in an address being resorted to at alL He thought it a. fatal mistake. Would the :question be considered as one ? The SPEAKER—The question would be th0 adoption of the address brought up by the Com* mittee. Mr. BOTJCAUT would then move as an amend* ment that the address be taken into consideration, that day six months. He would not wasta time in criticising the address, although ifs seemed to him rather defective even in ita grammar. He hoped that that portion referring to the prerogative would be struck out* as he did not think it was necessary. They ha® been told that a letter had been written byths Loid Bishop of Adelaide renouncing Us prece* dency, and that therefore there was no necessity to carry an address. They had been told that tha precedency would not be interfered with by tha English Government, unless by consent of the Bishop, and he thought there was now no reason for asking for the abolition of wbat bad already been resigned. (An hon. member—"For the future.") They had already been told by tha Secretary of State that no future Bishop should have the honour conceded to him. (The TreaSurec —"The Archdeacon.") And was the House so fond of discussing important questions that they should spend another fortnight in discussing tha small question of an archdeacon? It had been said that the Bishop's power to hold precedency had been contained in his letters patent; but; no one would say that the Archdeacon held bis Horn the same reason. It must ba exceedingly grateful to the feelings of hon* members to find that the Right Rev. Prelate nob only managed the weighty affairs connected witit the episcopal duties of the Church, but con descended to waste a few moments in order to sea that their proceedings were worthy of his approba tion. He had said so in his letter, but be (Mr-. Boucaut) looked at the matter in quite a different light. He would not say that it was impertinent on the part of the Right Rev. Prelate, but if what he bad said was said advisedly he would charac terize it as impertinent. As the Bishop hail referred to his giving up the honour at the age o£' 70 he would not further criticise his conduct. Ha begged to move the amendment. Mr. TOWNSEND would not have spoken otr this subject had it not been for the course which events had taken, and for an opinion he held thab there should be in future no ecclesiastical distinc ticThs of any kind. He objected to the Secretary oE State dictating to this colony how its business should be done. The despatches oc the subject did not reflect much credit upon him, and wefa written under a total misunderstanding of tha whole question. In the time of Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell, His Lordsbipthe Rishop.faad regretted that there wa3 not more union amongst the various denominations, and that there conld not be an exchange of pulpits, and he believed now if the Bishop and a number of members of othec denominations assembled before any meeting* he would be accorded by courtesy the privilege oc going iD first, although he was denied it as a right* The question now was whether they were to ha allowed to manage their own affairs in their own way, and he thought it ought to be settled once foe alL fie would not criticise the action of the Bishop* seeing he had now done the right thiug, though rather late in the day. He must oppose the ad dress, inasmuch as what it asked for should ba claimed as a right in a Bill to be introduced for tha purpose. Isir. GLYDE seconded the amendment. Ha was sorry to see such a thin House, and that there was an evidently prearranged attempt to carry this address that night—(No)—a number of members who evidently intended to vote for the address had remained, whilst a number who would have voted against it had left, under the impression that tha debate would not take place that night. It was impossible for him to vote for the addresB, and he must record his protest against it, and he was extremely surprised that the Treasurer, who had had considerable experience in composition, should have allowed his name to have appeared as one oE the authors, for a more illogical and inconsequen tial document he never saw. The address said they asked Her Majesty to agree to a request; but there was literally no request in the addreBS. (Hear, hear, and "No.") The Speaker had told them it could not be amended. ' * ; The SPEAKER said although he had put the motion in the form that the address be agreed to* it was quite competent for any hon. member to xnove an amendment in the form of the address. -. Mr. GLYDE felt so strongly with the hoik member for West Torrens that this was too impor tant a matter to begin attempting to amend tha address that he was quite content to take it as it stood and vote against it. He shared the feelings of the hon. member for the Sturt, and would ba willing to meet the Bishop when he fairly offered to meet them a little. He did not wish to reflect upon him in any way, but he must enter his protest against the words he used in his letter. to the Governor: — "The respect for Her Majesty's prerogative shown by the Hoiisa of Assembry in resolving to proceed by way'oE address rather than by way of BilL" It was hot right that he should imply that they had attempted to interfere with Her Majesty's prerogative;, tha words of the Bill provided that nothing in it should affect it. The Bishop's letter, though it compli cated the matter a little more, did not alter flio position at alL The Treasurer knew very well that if the address went home the request would not'ba granted by Her Majesty. (The Hon. J. Hart—"It will.") How was it possiblefor Lord K3mberley, in the face of the words of his despatch that Her Majesty could not be recommended to take away from any subject the privileges which she had granted,- to recommend compliance? AndtheletterofDr. Short, although it might accompany the address, was not sufficient to alter the position, and even if- it did it did not affect the Roman Catholic Vicar General or Bishop. (Hear, hear.) He asked hon. members to dismiss the religious question altogether in dealing with this matter? Why should the religious differences make them forget that they had reseived certain privileges from Hec Majesty, as members of Parliament;ito legislate for their own domestic matters. And they were entirely dorng so. Simply because some hon. members who were members of the Church o£ England from their early education believed that the Bishop was entitled to precedency. (No, no.l He was mad he was in error. Then he was not entitled to precedency at all because hOn. members had not given it him. His letters patent, which had been made such a bugbear of: for the past twenty years, had been placed befdra them, and there was not a word that could■ ba distorted in that direction. It was difficult ito find a case in point; but the nearest: approach was the Governor's Salary BilL They might almost say that it was Her Majesty's pre rogative to fix the salary of the Governor, but they should not send home an address to Her Majesty to reduce the salary of any succeeding Governor,' though they acknowledged her right to veto a Bill. How they should lose any respect in which they might be held at home by the clerks in Downing— . street—(Mr. Boucaut—"Hear, hear)—bv sending home an address after Lord Kimberley's despatch He would rather drop the matter altogether than. do so, and he asked hon .members to consider care fully whether it would not "be best to send home 3 Bill and also an address.. He should be glad fix join in a humble address to Her Majesty, couched, in the most respectful terms, pointing out why they thought it necessary to pass the Bill. Sending home a Bill by itself might seem, as it did to some hon. members a defiance of Her Majesty's Government. It was a mystery to" hint how men could allow their religious prejudices; to forget that they were members of Parliament. Some hon. members he saw around him would ba first in any other case to staud up -for their privi leges. but in this they stultified themselves. Tha Bui distinctly provided that Her Majesty's preroga tive should not be affected, and he believed if they sent that home with an explanatory address that Her Majesty would be advised to assent to the Rill, and that Lord Eamberlev, or whoever might be hec adviser, would shrink from advising her to take a new step, by which Dr. Short or the Archdeadotx should take precedence over other ministers in view of public opinion both here and at home. The Church of England members knew perfectly Well tbat the address would not be granted, and that by sending it home only time would be (Hear, bear, and No.) It was not to be wondered at. He dare say if he had! been brought up to believe in Bishops and people of that sort, and that Dr. Short was ap pointed by God to take precedence over all tha ministers in South Australia, he should take tha utmost pains to let the old gentleman down aa easily as possible; but he had' not been brought V .must protest against the address, and should divide against it. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS ™on. W. Cavenagh) thought bis hon. friend? might allow the members of the Church of Bug land to know their own minds. He might nob believe that the address would be wwentod to, bub when he asserted that they did not. ■ he went beyond what he ought to. He, as a member o£ the Church of England, did oelievs 'it niild \- be assented to—(Mr. Conner—"Hear; hear)—" although the great opiRraent of it was a member at that Church. the hon. member Mr. Boucant. : ATTORNEY-URN E R AL (Hon. U.Steven BohX if he thought the address would have no effect at home, would not be found supporting-it, but he believed he spoke the feeling of every good UhriBtian when he said he believed it would, because the Secretary of State did not say that nothing of the kind would be allowed, but that hon. members could not be advised to take away the status which any person now enjoyed. The Bishop of Adelaide had resigned his precedency; and of course he would not be taken into con sideration at home, and it wonld follow that the precedency of the Roman Catholic Bishop would also. drop, because the table of precedency said he ahonld follow the Bishop of Adelaide, and if the Bishop of Adelaide was not there of course he could not follow him. He had an amendment to propose on the address. The SPEAKER said the hon. member could not do that, if the amendment, which be should put in the form that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the question, was negatived, the adoption of the address would have to be put _ Mr. BCKDES- said if the Attorney-General had allowed him to have risen before Mr. Clyde he would have moved the amendment which was to rectify a Blip in the address. Mr. SOLOMON intended to f . and be could not plead guilty to the i early education in reference .to-the Church ef England, for the Church of which he was a member was of much earlier date than that or \- any other Church. (Hear, hear.) He supported . the address because he believed it was the only way by which they could obtain what the House and the country required—the setting aside of ecclesiastical precedency altogether. iHis Lord . ship the Bishop, when the House.agreed to pasB an address, baa, as he said in his letter, which Mr. Glyde found fault with, with a view of pre serving peace and goodwill, resigned all pretensions to precedency, which he had every right to believe he enjoyed by Her Majesty's letters patent, ana he had yielded at the proper time. If he had done so before it would- have shown cowardice.1 and the was perfectly right in the course he took in consequence of the Bill of, last session having been sent back. Another Bill was brought forward which the House refused to pass; but they agreed to pass an address askingHer Majesty to remove all religious precedency. Directly the Bishop found that they adopted a course which did not coerce him to do a certain thing he yielded. He trusted Mr. Glyde would pardon him when he said that he thought he looked upon this question with less jaundiced eyes than he did: and he had no hesitation , in saying that this question of precedency, which from the nature of his particular creedhe was not interested'in, had not been so much a question as to the precedency of the Bishop as it had been of each party being anxious to take precedence in this colony. (Cheers and dissent.) They found it was impossible to obtain the position, and so they sought to do away with it altogether, and very properly so he thought, because be thought there should be no religious distinction whatever. He was happy to say he was one of those who assisted in separating Church and - State ' in this colony; and not only that, he was one of many who sought to return to the first Parliament men, no matter whatever were their political merits, who would vote againBt State aid to religion. He should vote for the address, because he believed it to be the only solution to the difficulty in which they were placed. Mr. BRIGHT moved that the Honse do now divide. (Mr. Ward—*'Shtime, shame.") This was declared carried. Mr. "WARD called for a division A*EE8,13—The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bnndey, Conner, Duncan, Hart, Bake, Mann, Rogers, Solomon, Townsend, and-Bright (teller). Hoes. 4—Messrs. Blyth, Boucaut, Glyde, and Ward (teller). . Majority of 9 for the Ayes. She question that the words proposed to be Struck out, viz., "agreed to," be struckout was pat and declared carried. - Mr. BOUCAUT called for a division :— Axes, 11—The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner' of Public Works, Messrs. Blyth, Bright Bundey, Conner, Hart, Bake, Mann, Solomon, and the Treasurer (teller). Noes, 3—Messrs. Glyde, Ward, and Boucaut (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. The motion that the address be agreed to was put and carried. Mr. BOUCAUT—Divide. The TREASURER—No. \- Mr. BOUCAUT—I thought the other was the main question. I must divide upon this. The division was as follows, and the motion was accordingly carried :— Axes, 11—The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Blyth, Bright, Etmdey, Conner, Hart, Bake, Mann, Solomon, and "Mhe Treasurer (teller). 'Hoes, 3—Messrs. Glyde, Ward, and Boucaut (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. BROUGHTON AGRICULTURAL AREA. Mr. WARD moved the adjournment of the debate upon his motion brought on earlier in the • day for a fortnight. Mr. Boncaut made some \- Mission to his taking this question up, not being r a member for the district. The area was a kind of "Hp Man's Land." and he was not quite sure whether it was in Flinders or Stanley. The in * habitants had no representative, as there was no . polling-place. The House resumed, and the Committee had leave to sit again on 3rd July. OTHER BUSINESS. The remaining Notices were rearranged, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock till the following Tuesday at 2 p.m. PAIRS. For adjournment—For, Mr. Lake; against, Mr. Erich auff. - For Mr. Conner's amendment to Mr. Angas's motion for adjournment — For, Mr. Ramsay; against, Mr. West. Institute fok Poet Adelaide..—On Wednes day, June 19, Messrs. H. K. Hughes, -M.P., J. J. Duncan, M.P., J. Formby (Mayor of Port | Adelaide), and J. M. Sinclair waited on the ' Hon. the Chief Secretary, to request the Govern ment to grant a site for an Institute at Port Adelaide. Mr. Hughos advocated the object, not on iocal grounds, but in that of the general publfc interest, pointing out the advantage . wlpchacprued from the establishment of sueh institutions. The Committee, he stated, had been unable to obtain a site for the building in , any-advantageous position, and they had applied . for. an "allotment on part of the Govern \- meut -. land at the , Port. In opposition „to ' that it had been advanced by the Government that, the amount of land held by r them at -Port Adelaide was very limited. He admitted the truth of that, but considered that the Government should not enter into competi , tion with private enterprise in establishing ..bonded stores, and that a small portion of the land now occupied as such might with public advantage be appropriated for the Institute, the tenant having expressed his -willingness to sur render any rights he possessed. He referred to j the fact that the Government had granted land for the Institute in town, and said that great' private efforts were being made to ereet" a j building worthy of the object. Mr. Formby j mentioned that the Institute was at first ! ■ held in a room at the Town Hail, but i ' that was so far removed from the much- ! frequented parts of the Port that scarcely | • anybody ever went there. Since' the Government had placed the old Custom ' House at the .Committee's disposal, the Insti tute had been large .attended, and was much " used by seamen, and the piece of laud they now ' aeked for'was very close to that position. Cap tain Simpson, besides offering to give up the • lease he held, as 'stated by :Mr.- Hughes, had liberally offered, if tliey could not get land from tbe Government,'-to give a piece of land of bis own lower down the road; but that would not be in nearly so good a position. The Chief Secretary said he noticed that the Committee . \- had asked for a block 120 feet by 72. He agreed with Mr. Hughes as to the great importance which attached to Mechanics Institutions, and with reference to the Government bonded store on portion of the land spoken of, he appre hended that at the present day the' Govern ment would not be anxious to provide aeom modation in that' direction; hut the institution was co-equal with the proclamation of Port . Adelaide, when ~ it was necessary that the • Government should do more for the public than they did now. When the Government took the letter of the Secretary'of the Institute into con sideration, they thought the land was wanted ■ for Government purposes, and their property at the Port being so limited, they were afraid they cbuld not spare so much, although on the other side of the creek they had considerable reserves. He admitted that the Institute in Adelaide was built upon Government ground, and there would be no difficulty in the case if the Government were satisfied that they had enough for other important purposes. He . would-resubmit the matter to his colleagues, and if there was any possible way in which to ' meet the wishes of the deputation he was sore they would adopt :it, and if they adhered to ■ their former delation it was not because they , did not want to accommodate the Port people ; "but/upon public grounds. The deputation must remember that the Government had promised something towards the, building. Mr. Formby added that they could do with a little less . frontage, but they could not put up so hand some a building. The deputation then with drew. •' Coal Supply.—-The local Press reports that the Arrival at Walluoo during thepast fortnight , of four vessels of Simpson's Black Diamond fleet bringing nearly 3,000 tons of coal, has permitted the relighting of the furnaces at the Smelting \- Works^ that had been allowed te go out, and ' operations are now being pushed along with the' vigour, delayed there months ago. A much , larger quantity of ore .will be smelted this year , at WaUaroo Hum any iother year on record, the increase in valne .-permitting every mine in the ^district to sell a much larger quantity of low -class ore. 