THESE are few men owing allegiance to the British Crown who would prefer living under despotic form of Government, because Britons have been educated as freemen. They were bom free, and free they hope to remain for their: natural lives. There is no doubt on our mind but that the Constitution of England _ one under which all rational liberty can be secured; to the individual—under it the welldisposed citizen is safer than is the citizen of any other State. There is undoubtedly _ a limit to our personal •freedom, but the restriction is only such as enables the State to throw its fostering wing over all—we surrender just as much of our personal freedom as is necessary for the good of alL At the same time a despotic Government has advantages not en-, joyed where constitutionalism reigns. For instance, in case of sadden war, the despot is enabled to take the field and marshal his forces with a vigour foreign to that which belongs to * constitutional monarch. Perhaps this is one reason why Great Britain has invariably got worsted in war, for the first year or so after war has been declared. It was not until the combined energies of the nation were called forth that her great power was felt in all Its strength. But even in works of peace the despotic sovereign has great ad vantage jit times he has only to issue his command and it must be obeyed. For instance, in regard to new discoveries in arts and sciences and their application to great public works, we find the Governments of the European Continent, all of which are admittedly far more despotic than the British Government in advance of the latter. Take the case of the change in railway- gauges"—the narrow gauge has been introduced extensively into Russia, Norway, and Sweden, while in Great Britain the old expensive and broad gauge holds its own in spite of all the reliable data published against it. There is but one exception that we know ofj and that we give at JoUowt—the account is written by the London correspondent of the Eastern Morning News, and appeared in that journal of the 30th July.:— . In travelling over one of the branch lines of the Great Western Railway last week, I was surprised to find the down train backing on to the up line. As such a proceeding Is always more or less dan- ^erons, I looked out to investigate the cause, and wind what I supposed was a very long goods train in the way. I counted the eartiages until.I got tired, and no end of the gobds train could be seen. .On we went for miles, and the goods train continned.. Thepbenomenon was not explained until we came ra the next station, when I was informed that in order -.to make room for the broad gauge carriages, displaced for.the conversion of the South Wales line into the narrow gauge, eight miles of the Great Western Bail way was being used as a gingle line,! while the other' rail -Was occupied for theirnow useless carnages. At Chippenham some forty or fifty brosd gauge engines are laid np and covered with taipaulins. . Thus the oontest of the .gee, -which .ts still raging both in India and ith America, haa been very decidedly settled in jhis rcouaby, and in a short time it will be altogether a thing of the past ; It has been a costly mistake, bot the descendants of the great engineer by. whom it was introduced will be able to point to hu ttagnifiiwat bridges and other monuments of his skUl when the existence of the broad gaage has fteenifprgotljea. It is aome xsonsolation to find that our miztakes ate buried in oblivion while our successes'are (jompsnfivajy. permanent, and maintain iamctre endnringreputatioo. In the feise of this evidence; it is wonderful howj desperately mBny of fhe railway companies: in Groat Britain cling to the broad g^nge. Fosably large vested interests hive sprangthere, and "vested interests" are deeided^emies to all progress. The ghost of the late tzambert Brunei!, the eminent engi neer. ceferred to, wbfi «;» ths champion of fcroid ; gajugea, high idji^ <yijniy Worlo^ if; it could, "vist the e&titaodvxee; 1iow nillionB wero^htis dmiWn iiway tieBniftaiWee&^Duiii^linesofrH^ tolling a t b d t b r i d g e s , Ac, ihitt, M- \- to l2ie H^tt of modern sdenee, coald [y I biB suds far h>3£ the mraey wln^i rotks «oet aome forty years ago. fas*)*, to tiiis ndtpaj; mnge^yBtam /' w ad so twdve numtha 'ago " ^the pinciple lu& to nght ita-way jK^judices -audintepests ' * i«.1old aibhw4: : - 'Siylkifaur'aioig^h, r''. :iB it iB^wce^bd^e i^l oth^s 'ijii^JiB^^Jiyfjfltiwieciejice J Sta^elLtig^-;io- jwntWB* "gjwge; M to priVeiit the ii>tn>daction of the iiarrow as &r; as eziatiDglines are concerned— indeed, in reference to die new lines then projected. Mr. Higinbotham, the Engineer-in- Chiefof.^tt colpnjvwffl not heftr^,any jno- Ae ^way ga^^jipd ie clings toil, witb :teiia«onsness-i^4iicteiistic oi the fiumiljr: of tiie Higinbotiiim&". Certainly lieSras abU>i° back nphis opinionsbya lerfge amonnt tif evidence from engineere; of the old school in fevonr of the broad gauge; though the Yicrtorian lines are jmany inches broader , than those of New South Wales. If the £ange of five feet two inches in Victoria is not too broad, that of New South Wales must be too narrow; but when we consider that it is now demonstrated that a railway with a gauge of three feet six inches is equal to all possible requirements, the folly of throwing away money in making such costly lines, and the necessary addenda is at once apparent. That any civil engineer should, in these enlightened times, insist that a broad guage here is as cheap as one two-thirds of its breadth is a piece of presumption which we did .not calculate upon. There is an immense amonnt of shallow despotism to contend against even in countries professedly the most liberal in the world. When the Emperor of all the Russias is satisfied on such a point as we specially refer to, he issues hia fiat that the work must be done according to the improved system, and he does not need to wait as they did in Victoria for both branches of the Legislature to agree upon a subject which is capable of being twisted about to suit party purposes. It was so in India, we believe—tjyje'i&faiJl;' engineers had aU rthe-™fj"adIces extant against «,ae narrow^gauge, until the late Governor- General told them that if they did not give -tray and tiy to work out the narrow gauge system he would have .to send to America for engineers that would. The Indian engineers then gave way before the Viceroy's gentle despotism, and there the narrow gauge is at work and doing well. Of all the old gauges onrs in New South Wales of 4ft. 8Jin. is the best, but if a railway of three feet six' inches is equal to all requirements, and a less breadth is said to be sufficient, the propriety of throwing away money on unnecessary works in a country where labour is so dear ought not to be . entertained. Mr. William Macleay, the hon. and able member for the Murrumbidgee, is once more about to bring railway matters before the Assembly; the subject is likely to be well ventilated as it ought to be, and as the introduction of railways into Riverina is now occupying public attention, and is likely to do so for some time, we have thought it necessary thus to invite to it the attention of our readers. 