Tat Parliamentary fiasco bu« fairly commonced . again . and some of your readors mast bare boen amused at thi \- jittla harmless twaddle in tho Upper House,. about Mr Samuel's appointment. In the Assembly, one of tin most interesting matters introduced has been; the: old, ;.: ased-np one of tho Kioma Ghost, and the achievements ' «f the mysterious' conspirators variously known - ni ', "The Ten," " The Nine,'' and "Tho Throe.", . Aftet ,'? fotir years', deliberation, Mr. Parkes has come to the ' -solemn conclusion that he never said anything 'whatever sbont a conspiracy in connection with' tho attempt to assassinate Prince Alfred. Other públio men had a , sreatdeal to say, about the.matter; but, as regards I himself, he hos jrist remembered now that ho was per 'j' factly silent, ' This .ia. highly aatisfactory intelligence! i A late English newspaper-the Saturday Review ' \ think-had ' ak article discussing Î tbs Tich. « horne: oise'on' the hypothosis that nearly sil th« alleged facts ..deposed ,to wore imaginings-; '¡1 (be results of/ strong impressions. opon peculiarly ner- vous temperaments, and unsupported by anything, in (fie, shone of actual fact. According to this, Lord liBcllew mighti only have XHAGINIOX) .that he tatoood ."Eoger Tichborne. ; Tho whole of the.O'Farrell business, , »»y be, thereforo; and probably was, a mero1 delusion, f OTarrell ncv.er was hanged, and for tho best of all . sossiblo reasons-there never WAS any O'Farrell ! "The ^Mtisfactory clearing np of thia "mystery," and the rifficial repudiation and demolition of the "new crime'! '.'.are sources" bf/sincere congralnlation to tho country ^ '-MI!, os Mr. 'Micawber said when he gavo his I.O.TJ.--; "Thank goodness that matter is settled !" " A story which is"ni very good ono bas boon going ti round« for moro than a week past, bnt I hardly knot Mother to tell it or not - first because it is now . sneient that' most people know all about it, an "secondly because it U.rllfficHK to do justice to. it withou laing the hames ot oil tho parties,' and that would no Jo; so I znnst provide ono of tho.principal performer .with a name of my own,,apologising at tho samo tim for alluding to .thc distinguished porsonagos who ari Meossary to the talo. ? ' Shortly before bis Excellency th« CoTcrnor fcft England for, this country, ho of oonrsi saw much of our Agent-General, Sir Charles ? Cowper, who was nblo to give him a great deal of useful in, formation. Amongst othor matters of detail, concern lng which I, presume ' that lady lt. consulted lady C., and the, latter consulted Sir Charles, was, asturnlly enough, the state of GovornmOnt House what furniture, curtains, bedding, &c.;, had to bo pro nded, and. how. it contd bo.done. Hero Sir Charles vas able to inform his Excellency of an easy way of 4'spcsing of Ihis matter. Attached to tho domestic staff at Government HOUHO there was an old and trusted servant whom I nm obliged to call MOSES. Ho sod for years boen a sort of factotum in the establish- ment, and it was only necessary to write to bim, in .arder to got all theso things attended to ; and this was accordingly done. Now when tho Nubia arrived in Sydney harbour, tho Colonial Secretary went on board, teoompaniod by tho Water Police Magistrate, Hr. Charles Cowper, whom tho Governor received Wry cordially,' having hoard so much of bim in London ss scarooly to requiro an introduction, Whilo this was going on, another visitor appeared on tho secno. A waterman's boat had been seen coming off, having on card a gentleman well known in commercial and mone- tary circles in this city, and whom tho necessities of my story obliga mo also to call Mr. Moses. This gontlcman oas, rightly or wrongly,. tho reputation of being very trisiocratically disposed, and always anxious to bo ono ?f tho first in tho highest society. Ho sidled up to Mr. Parkas, whom he asked-to introdaoo him to the Governor ;. but Parkes couldn't exactly soo it, and re minded ; him that'this was: not a public occasion, and that he -waa not a, publie official, . or a member of Parliament. The visitor, however, greased his request so urgently that nt last Parkes, Waving h» hand towards him, and addressing the Governor, soid-" This is Mr. Moses, your Excellency." Tho introdiicco advanced hastily, with hand extendxd, towards Sir Hercules, who immediately put his own sand behind his book, saying, however, with kindness sud courtesy, " Oh, Mr. Moses P I am glad to soo you. How do you do ? I am afraid wo havo given you some trouble in attending to the bod-linen and furniture at Government Houso; but of course any'remunero .non -." . Whether nn explanation followed, or Kr. Moses tho seoond vanished over the side, I don't know; bnt the Governor is said td hare rendcicd, on tccasion, a' social «arrice equal tai one cf tba Sevan labours of Hercules. Talking about thia famous strong mon of antiquity, »y friend. Mr. Sydney Punch, baa this week a well. «tctiled cartoon of Australia welcoming the nsw GoTcrnorj but I cannot s>e how the line at the bottom Inplies to «ho case. It ¡B this :* i. And dolli nat a meeting like this make amends, ic. Amends for what ?; .Tho lino is taken from one sf Tom Moore's well-known melodies | and the eonti neats, as applied by him to the case he supposes-the. return of a wanderer to tho hom« of ¿is,youth--ore fertinent enough ¡ j.,- ,. ;' 'And doth no» a meeting like this make amend*. : Tor all the long years Tye been wandering away f .' ' to seo thus around me my youth's early friends, ,'. Aa smiling ntwl lililí M In that happy day I . What softeii'ng remembrances coma o'er tile heart : When gsxing on those we're been lost lo so long I Ac.. :Ae.. it*. Maw, thjs could not br any means apply to tho arrival cf Sir Hercules Robinson; and .my excellent friend Punch will lake it iii good part if I express a wish that lie hod treated the subject in another way.'. His Excel- lency commencing tho Seven Labours of Hercules by cleansing the Augean Stablo of political and official cor nrption in this : colonyi wonld have boen a fine subject (ortho pon and pencil of Punch;.and perhaps it is not yet too lute. At all . events, thera is work «ñonga far somebody or other in this direction ; and not tho least »pt illustration of tho fact is to bo found in tho nico little practice, alluded to indignantly by Captain Onslow in the Assembly ou Tuesday, .of apparently bidding for .tba votes of members of Parliament. by offering them tho power of nominating Bond Trustees I " It is pleasing to soo, in.thesb ungrateful days, when patriotism and (soli) devotion .so frequently go unre- warded, that tho invaluable, sorrioca of Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., ai Administrator of tho Government of this colony, without any, paymont worth speaking of, sre not to go unrewarded. A moating has been held at tho Exchango, for. tho purpose.o: considering a proposal lo prosont hir Honor with ai» addross and a piece of plato, the latter being likely to consist. of a.Britannia moto) teapot, in delicate alludion to his Honor's preference for tho ''cup'.that cheers bat not Inobriatos." Tho Hon. E. Deas Thomson, in speaking of Sir Alf rod as a lawyer, »aili that? tho judicial, committee - of tho Privy Council had eulogized and confirmed his judgments. Now, with all respect' for Sir, Alfrod'and ^r. Thom. .on, I hoi] hoon under tho impression that tho rory reverso wog tho case,' and that tho " Chief" had, at least on ono occasion, retorted for an advorso judg- ment by pretty; plainly 'intimating''that tho Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council know nothing, what- ever 'áf the mn(ti.r' UnaMna_hui fila honor's legal knowledglHo Jo'Tdjhto/Aamtrfatoaoit of tho Government P ^{pñ~wa^'n~\oiim'tnm Sir Alfred Waphon to. Sir T. A. Murray ;'. and; ono of tho Bonni, tire gentlemen prosont.thought that it should not ba published, as »wno parts of it alluded to tho hospitali- ties whick Sir Alfred had dispensed as Governor-which it might ba thought had lad to tho prosont meeting .hat is, ' 1 aupiiOBO, it , might bo thought that his honour had boon fishing for a return for his Government House . dinners' and al freieo ple-niesl 'However, I hopo that tho testi- monial, whatever it may .bo, will provo to ba a iBoccsx ¡ for, if it were only in his capacity of Com. «nandor-in-Chief of the anny of New South Wales, the leaned "and "gallant goñtlemW Btampcd his nama on the history of tho "country. Tho General Order issued by Iiis command, by tho Colonel Command- ant, with référença to tho late roriow, sounds Uko soma of the trumpet notes ot tho Great Napoleon : " Soldiers ! Prom yonder pyramids forty centuries look down upon |you!" I hare no, doubt'that when tho news reaches the Horse-Guards,. Sir Alfred's plain C.B., will bo I advanced to K.C.B., if not to G.C.B., of tho military division of tho Order. Moro power to his elbow ! .. '.I don't want tb bb hard upon tho unfortunate, hut I am very glad that the case of tho man who killed tho poor woman tho other day by running his cart over her, is to gc before a Criminal Court and a jury. The case being thus sui judie; 1 say no'moro than that I hope, anid have no doubt, that the man will havo a fair trial. Only in Thursday's Empire thora is an account of o serious accident in King-strcot, an electioneering cab having run into a spring cart- the owner ' of tho. cart very narrowly escaping death or damage. On Tues- day afternoon . lost,, nt/nbont 3 o'clock, when King-street, near; Pitt-street, was crowded.? with 'vehicles^ a, light . sort come down tho street .ot n - holt . jog-trot.- There was nothing in the cort hnt two or thrco hogs of bron or groin', and -thedriver, who was lying ot his easo, as drunk ns a lord, across tho hags, while he every now and then dropped, and feebly picked np again, tho loosened reins. I called the attention of another gentleman to the circum- stance, and vre watched-the fellow and his cart until they passed ncrons Oeorge-Btreot towards York-street ; -but neither constable nor anybody elso interfered-so cheap is the estima to of lifo : and limb in this dearly, governed city of Sydney ! - The spirit which urged the Communists of Purist demolish the triumphal column in the Place Vendome appears to hare seized upon the' Sydney Municipn i Council, according to a notice placed on tho paper b; Alderman Moore. It.bad. long boon customary for thi different Mayors of Sydney, and indeed of Subnrbai Municipalities also, to endeavour to immortaliso thom servos by causing their illustrious names to be inscribec upon public buildings, gatos, inclosurcs, &c.;, poid foi of,course, out of the money of tho citizens. Alderman Moore himself ivas far from being _ an exception ia this respect ; 'but he brooks no rival near tho throne, and now boldly comos forward as o civic reformer, proposing tho orosuro of all those inscriptions, indiscriminately. No moro shall tho noblo pillar, at tho junction of Bathurst and Elizabeth streets carry down, for tho benefit of prosperity, tho name of its practical aud ingénions author ; and tho apongo or tho chisel will deal destruction upon all these ambitions claims to posthumous honour. Thero must bo some queer fellows nt St. Gcorgo's Bridge, somewhere in Northern Queensland, whence a correspondent writes to a Tamworth paper in tho fol lowing jubilant and eccentric strain, ns to tho effects produced by the late execution of ono Collins, for murder . JJnt to all Ute mere fact that now there remains " no hinge on wlilrh to hang a doubt," must lighten their bosoms. The elTcct of the trial of Collins npon the witnesses from here hs« lieen rather to elevate than depress their animal spirits; the tartaric neid or the law acting upon the soda ef their Indivl* dual dispositions has caused an effcrveaoenoo which will take some few weeks to subside. 1 The idea of carbonate of soda and tartaric acid must surely have boon suggested by the indulgence of some of the parties alluded to in something stronger than water, and requiring tho corrective of an effervescent drink. And now, having alluded to the execution of Colline, I como to tho closing sccno of a great tragedy, and to the closo of my present epistle. Time is short now with the wretched men who 'aro to expiate thoir criroos on Tuesday noxt. . For a departing sinner's senl Tlie death-hymn peals an<l tile hollow belts knoll I Ile ls near his mortal goal Kneeling at the Friar's knee Sad to hear and piteous to see I Maybe and they obtain that mercy elsewhere which they denied to their victims here. ' 