COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. MATES WITH A MÜEDEÄEB. ." Good day, stranger!" j : Tho speaker was n traveller liko myself, but ho was on foot and I ou hoi-sobaek. " ' Ho woro tho usual bushman's dross, Wno shirt, mole- skins, and cabbage-treo hat,' and carried his Bwug rolled nrounil him, boinorung.slmpo. It waa fastened with soddlo-strapa, to ono of which wa3 appended a quart- pot. As wo woro both going in tho samo direction, and tho way,was lonely, it scorned quito natural that ho should accost mo, and having replied to- his salutation, wo entered into conversation. ' In order to hear what ho had to say, and to givo ay horso a spoil, I droiv rein, and brought . my nag lo a Walk. He seemed grateful for my considération, spolto of his woary limbs, and hard fate in hoing compelled to wander over .tho country nt his ugo, ' Arid now taking a good look at him, I observed that ho Was of short stature, had piercing black oyes, a hooked nose, matted groy hair and bearii, rind waa deeply marked with tho small-pox. I am bat an indifferent judgo of physiognomy, hut to give Un honest, 'opinion, I must say, that on closo examination, my now oompiinion appcarod to mo to possess ono. of tho most villainous countenances I had over beheld. Thero was something altogether repulsivo in it, hut timo and placó woro hardly appropriate for oommouting on tho matter. So, upon further acquaintance, not liking tho looks of. this (IUagrecnbla individual,'I resolved, to push on, and pub a few milos between us ero nightfall. : "l)o you go far to-night ?" ho inquired, as I pre- pared for a fresh start. : " Xo Barlow's accomuiodntion-housa !" : "Barlow s! not you ! why its full thirty milo on ¡ 'sides, your boss looks nigh knocked np, and thoro's Borneo un hour to sundown. You'd best camp with mo, I Bhant go fur, aud it'l. '3polP tho animal, mid keep him fresh for to-morrcr." "Oil! I thunk you; hut I'll puah on; uVlI Uo tno journey woll enough; fifty tí S3vcnty railes n tiny ia nothing to him ; for 1 pride myself lin's ns good a hit of| stult' as thora is is in thia part. Ho was hied ou thu Lords, and cost thirty notes; that's a prico your ' scrubbers' don't fotoh ovory day, ospeciully tlireo-yoar. olds. My word! to seo him-shape- uta fonce, why, ho clours it flying!" " Ho looks good," said tho stranger, " nud no doubt gnllops woll. Ono timo I was liko you, youug feller, fond of good horsoflosh, ami could rido u Lit tao ; hut since I got old, nobody cares a curso , for me, and I havo to go through tho country, foolsoro un I tired, tramping hore and tiaro, and can't got a job of work, Some- times rinidijii starve I, nt otheiB half dead with oold from oamping out. It's nothing to a young man, but my oath, 1 feel it oons'idorably. ; "I can't help if"," I replied, " I must push .'on now, as its getting dark, and I want to fetch Barlow's if possible". ; 'Bettor not push your horso too much." intarposed my companion, " thirty . milo isn't lo bo dono in a minute ;. you'll, havo to camp -aforo you get there, I bot." . "Good bye," Bald I, touching my beast with thu bpnr. Tho old mau vociferated, nml shouted, as I galloped away, doubtless uttorinf many '* Coloninl prayers," coudoinning my eyes anti limbs. Not for nu instant did I anticipate that my tired nag would bo ablo lo reach tho accommodntion-houso that hight, nor was it my intention to push tho willing animal to his utmost. My solo object was to piuco a considerable distanco between myself nuil tho. ill-f oaturcd traveller. To speak seriously, I intended to camp as Boon ns I was fairly beyond his vicinity. A smart rido of some four miles brought ino to a gentle slopo on tho banks of a creek '. water being boro plentiful, a camp was soon formed, n short distance from tho road; Inliglitod,' hobbled, and turned ont my horso on good feed, mndo a Uro, boiled iny quart, nud partook of - tea lin orthodox bushman stylo. It was Biimmnr timo, BO that camping-out could do mo no harm, and rolling myaolf in my 'blankets I prepared for slumber. , I had just coiuf.03cd myself in mind and body, nud was .thinking of my ill- looking companion left fur ba hindi whon tho crackling of branches aroused mo, and n moment nf ter lie was Btnuding at my fireside. > ." Ha ! ha !M an:d he, "you soo mo here, nigh ns soon hsyoursolf, though you > havo a hoBS to ride, and I'm compollcd to walk. But I'spoct you found my > words b'rect ; your nug got knocked hp, nn' you was forced to 'spell' till > moi-uing. I'm glad of it oho way, eos I likos oomp'ny,, tpcoialty this. timo > of year, when I've been travolling long distances by myself i it often makes > mo shudder, thinking what l'vo gono through." -If I had not rclishod tho stranger's company a few: hoars hiiok, wh< n woll mounted on a good road, I could hardly bo expected to carp for it hero in tho hus!. ; liow ovor, putting ti good fa'oo on tho matter, I b ide him pnrtako of tho remnants of my supper,. nui.l nuiku him- self ns comfort ablo as ho could. AH I lind nothing Letter to do, I lay still in my blunkots watching tho stranger, -whoso couutoniincu scorned to mc, in tho glaro of tho firelight, mora Satani- cal than over. ' ? v < ? " You seem to Uko that feed," I said, "don't spare it, I oan buy moro when I reach tho ancommodation house." ? "Ah! to-morror, I supposo, you'll ho thero; what say, if wo travel together. I'm old, nnd can't got nlong fast, it's truo ; but thou you -might 'sist mc with my swag." , This flatlormg proposition I naturally declined, and told tho strangormy presence, was required at a distant station on tho Murruinbidg-eo by n early dato. Ho scorned to disupprovo this nrrangemimt, for he shook his head repeatedly, and ut length having fiuished tho men), unrolled his swag with a viow to slumber. Tho night was far advanced oro I obtained Bleep, tho arrival of tho traveller at uiy camp having quito un- settled nil my plans. For hours I lay tossing from sido to sido, thinking of tho position in which I waa p'need, with regard lo ono whose society could not be shaken off. At lougth I fell into au uucasy slumber, and dreams, in which every phnso of horror prevailed ,wero proscuted to view. Theso visions wore startling, and 1 jfo-like ; and ia thom moat prominent wns my self conatitutcd mate, tho old mau who hail ennsed mo so much anxiety. Horror succeeded horror, and I tried in vain to ßbnko ofE thc r:"::tmaro, vehich held mo in n fiend-liko grip. Piesér.t'y my eyes opouod, and I comprehended tho terrible position in which I was placed. Tho villain who lind shared my hospitality, who hud that very evening approached my camp with plausablo talcs, hud sought to rob, nud perhaps murder me. Fain would I havo sprung to my feet to cope with tho treach- erous scoundrel, bnt I was hound, and that hand and foot. During sleep ho had takon tho precnutiou to secure mo with cords, BO that I now lay powerless ns nn iufnnt. ' " So your awake, aro yon," ho said, coming near, and fixing his glittering black eyo on mo. " Hy oath, mato, but I trapped you nicely, and it serves you right for refusing to lot mo havo nhnro of your boas. Now, 1'vo took a fancy to the hnmmnl, nud mcau to havo him, long with tho rcBt of your kit." Almost dumb with terror, I was unable to utter n word in expostulation or defiance. Ha continued : ''You saya nothink to that, in courso, nu' you'll givo mo nil you havo if I only spares your life. I hnvo beam tho sanio ynrn afore from others, but it don't do. Dead mon toll no talcs I Not that I inonu to slit your wind- pipe in au uncivil wny, no foar of Hint ; if I murder yon, I'll do it liko a gcnlloinnn. Tho last oovo_ I sottlud was n hawker j ho wouldn't bo still like yon whoa tho ropo was round his nook, so I just tighton'd tho noosa a bit, nud ho waa black in tho fnco in n minuto-," ' " Wretch !" 1 oxolniinod, -you-. : "Ah, you cnn Bponk to n covo.cnn yor, now," ho iutorrupled¡ "I 'sposo it waa prido rando yon run hwny from mo to-dny-now wo nro equal. Cull mon wi otoh, did yor. Ha! hui I'm used to it. I'm worse I'm a murderer! I'm nono of your Snndny-go-to mootmg-moally-mouthcd fellers, ns purtomls to bo saints, nud isn't so ; so I confesses it to you hero. I'm nothing moro nor loss, hut nuiurdororl Somo mur- ders for fun; I just does it, oos it pays. Way I does ivthis:-Whon I'm ou trnmp, I picks up a mate,, lams tho stato of his pursf ; if ho's well in, I just giro's him nu ounco of lead, or n dig of cold steel ; nrtor thia I puts tho body into a sack ; creeks is allua handy, and in 'cm I lcnvos thom Fro douo for. Hero's tho bag you seo, ready for you; but I don't want to uso it yet; I nint got your monoy." i So saying, ho hold np a dirty sack for ray iuspoctloii. I could not reply ; in fact my tongue olovo to tho roof of my mouth, ns ho again continued ; " 'Taint every day I stops ynruing with a cove, when I'vo got nil ready for work ; but somehow, I Uko you, that's why I didn't kill you outright, liko that old .hawker. Ho was a tough un to deni with, and it makes mo shlvor porno tim es when I'm camped in tho bush to seo his ghost a coming out of tho creek near ma. Ha usod to drive n cart painted rod whou ho was alive, nud niter ho was put a ono side, nod I'd mndo money out of .that conveyance, hang mo if I didn't seo him como driving thnt vory cart past mo, just ns antral ns lifo. Lord, how I did pray ; but praying, pooplo says, is no good for murderers. Their souls is alas iu tor- ment and inisory, that's what makes ma so restless whon I'm nlonu with these devils of ghosts, for I seo ghosts everywhere. Three year ugo I had two mates, real tigers they, woro too j ono of thom was named Morgan, and from bim I lnrnt n good blt of what I know. Aforo I met him I hadn't done much bad, hut n week by his BÍIIÜ in tho bush was enough. Fust insight I had into murdering was ona night nbout nina o'clock. Mo nnd another had been down to n shophord'a lint in tho day, nnd cleared ont tho rations-all tho moat in tho hnrncsB cn»k wo took too-nnd was making; tracks for tho bush, whon Ibo shepherd ' spotted' us. Wo had quito n tussla for tho plunder, but my mata Boon floored him willi n slick, and away wo went right enough. Hut tho matter didn't cntl there ; that night nt niño (ns I said aforo), «'hilo wo was cooking tlio grab wo'd pluudorcd, who should rida up to our camp but tho owner of tho station. What ho -wanted wo all knew, so that nfqro ho could got out a word, Morgan raised his pieco und fired. Horsa and rider both was shot ; wo dragged 'em away into tho bush, put a fow logs on 'em, and uoxt dny was twenty milo off. Luck's ovorythink in such casos. Kow, I think, you've had quito long enough spell ; 'sides, I am tired of waiting. "Whoro's your money i" Cold perspiration burst from ovory poro, and a shud- der ran through my frame whilo' listoning to thia un- called-for confession. So I was to be murdered, placed in a sack, and snugly deposited in tho creek, a spot horrible ta contemplate, and I powerless to lift oven a hand in Qclf-iloforfce. _ " Look hero," said tho mnrdoroi', " I can't wnato timo searching .for your rhino, toll me whoro it is nt once, or it will go hard with you. I'm a tough nut, though I am old !" whero nono would Oh it wa3 My voice was now raised, Bhricking for nsslstanco ; | I lind oren chorished thu hopo that some passer-by . might hour my crio3. "Stop your gab," Bald ho, pulling tho ropo so light that I could sonrco draw breath. Tba prossuro continued, nnd I swooned away. ' When I recovered BCUSO, all was dark to mo, dark, wet, and cold, and a painful feohng of Buffoention I prevailing. Tho canvos bng enveloped my head, and J had ovidontly benn cast into tho wntor,' and loft for dead. Tho cord still tightly compressed my nock, ren- dering breathing difficult. How I had escaped with lifo was ii uiyslory. Sovernl hours passod oro I-comprehend ed fully tho extent, of my awful position ; hut doing so, my anguish of mind was intense. My evins for assistance wove but feeble, and hardly penetrated beyond tho products of tho bug. It was clear if relief did not soou como it would avail mo nothing. Tho crock must have boon vory shallow at tho spot where tho murderer had enst iu my supjiosod lifeless body, as tho water only carno to my nrm-pits. I wii3 lying on my Ride, kept there by 5tonc3 placed in tho canvas' to ensure its sinking. By-and-bye thora wns a glimmer of light, evidently day was dawning, for through (ho holes iu tho bag were visiblo tho beams of tho glorious sun. Still I could hardly move, hands and foot woro lied, and tho cord about my neck seemed to grow tighter with my frantic struggles. Clod I was I to perish thu3 I and was a death so extremely horrible to bn mine. I was gradually getting: weaker, and becoming ro Bigncd to my f.ato. In au an hour's limo all would bo over, and my plnco vacant in tho world. Who would caro for, who mourn mo ? Tnoso who know mo best would probably imagino I had (like many other travel- lers) been lost in tho bush ; thcro would, perhaps, bo a formal inquiry, which could never unravel my fate. Oh how I cursed tho iusnno wretch who hnd tried to take my lifo ; better indeed, thought I, thnt ho had completed tho sanguinary task. Tho distant sound of a stockwhip carno like music on my cara ; it sent tho life-blood back to my heart, and made me troniblo with hope mid fear. Hope, that my position might bo discovered ; fear, lost it should bo missed. Louder mw louder grow tho soumis : volcas of inert nnd trampling of hoof» woro distinctly, audible, nud ero long cattle rushing io tho creole for irater gnvo oviilonco by thou- snorting that something unusual waa in sight. Down on their fleet-footed steeds came tho Btockmou, with a loud " halloo," to bring in tho stragglers from their herd ; stragglers who wero drinking at tho very pool wherein I lay, unublo to give sign of my position. Oh how I prayed just then for only ono solitary word ; and yet I was dumb, unablo to articúlalo a sound. " Hullo, Jack, what's thia ?" ' That voico transported roy soul within mo. "Why," said his mate, "it looks Uko a plant; somebody hara bean pultiu' their valliblos hero for snfety." " My word !-," Tho exclamation was simultaneous from both, ns exerting all my strength, a low moan carno from be- neath tim canvas. Thoy lifted mo cut of tho water, and with their knives cut my bonds, and divested mo of my prison-houao ; a fow moments after I was at liborty, almost dead, but free. A drop of spirits from tho stockman's flask brought mo to consciousness, and enabled mo to regain strength, When tho:nnrrat'vo of my attempted murder and suf- ferings weiro related. Aided:by tho friendly young mon who had found rae, I roached my destination safely. It is now many years Bi'nco tho ovents recorded occur- red, hut thoy ara still vividly impriute.l in memory ; tho marie of rough handling is yet on my neck, a mark I shall carry lidïny dying day. Tho hoary vagabond who appropriated ray horse, and worldly goods, was apprehended shortly after on tho Victorian frontier, and although ho had with him no articles of my property, hu was "wanted" hy tho polico, as ono concerned in hushrnngiug. Ila was tried, found guilty, and executed, nud it is to bo hoped his futo proved u warning to others not to follow similar courses. I h.ivo made many journeys since tho period pf my escapo from death, to various pavl3 of tho colony, hut never wilhout a good rovolver ; thus preventing tho likelihood of such oveuts occurring, as those which happened when I was Mates with a Murdorer. 