THE following tender has been ac cepted:: Messrs. Mason Bird & Co., to supply certain timber at the watering jetty at Fre. mantle for £31 7s. id.. THE affairs of the Roebuck Bay Pas toral and Agricultural Association are to be wound up, in compliance with a resolution ar rived at by an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders in the Town Hall, Perth, on Wed nesday the 9th instant. The directors are to take the necessary steps to wind up the affairs of the Association and dispose of the property in their hands. OYSTERS.--W commend to the notice of our readers, and to the consideration of our correspondent " Pepper and Vinegar," an an chor now at the land end: of the south jetty, which is dotted at intervals with the shells of small oysters. This anchor, a Government one, was, we understand, sunk at or near the spot in the harbor where the Palestine touched on the occasion of her last visit to Fremantle. Where there are young oysters there are older ones, and there can be but little doubt that the anchor we allude to has been upon an oyster bed. GOVERNMENT GAZETTE.-Last Tues day's Gazette contains the following appoint- ments: the Hon. Lieut. Colonel Edward Douglas Harvest, Wallace Bickley Esq. M.L.C., W. E. Marmion Esq. M.L.C:, Henry Clutter- buck Lewis Esq. Commissary in Charge, and Frederick Pearse Esq. to be Justices of the Peace for this colony : Robert Morgan Sutherland Esq. to be Captain, and Mr. G. B. Humble to be Lieutenant of the Fremantle Company of Volunteers ; Mr. George Norrish to be mem- ber of the Kojonup district board of education vice Mr. W. Weir resigned: Saml. F. Moore Esq., to be district registrar of births deaths and marriages for the Dongarra District. RATHER GOOD.-Last Saturday we had the pleasure of presenting gratis to our sub- scribers a steel engraved portrait of His Ex- cellency Governor Weld. The likeness is ad- mitted on all hands to be an excellent one, and not one of our friends has, as yet, complained of the price. Our diminutive contemporary, the Express, whose Tuesday's issue is generally confined to a few reprints from our own columns of local news, has been kind enough to notice this engraving which it compares to the wrapper of a screw of tobacco. This is the only original remark we have ever known in the Express, and we will not even swear to its complete originality. But first-hand or bor- rowed, it comes with excellent grace from the Express, that very number of which was almost illegible on tea paper.' Have any of the grocery stores in Perth lost a bale or two of their worst waste paper ? A NEWSPAPER WITHnO'T EITHER .POLTOY OR POLITICs.-The rank parasite, and grubby crawler, the Perth Inquirer, the mean crouch ing organ of a selfish government, the venal instrument of licking spittle, does certainly perform some astonishing feats of tergiversation, some wonders in the way of time-serving gy rations. Without any policy of its own it will. borrow that of anyone, which, whether bidden by its masters, or for the sake of a sixpenny advertisement, it.will change to-morrow for the policy of any one else. We all know how, at the cue of the Government, it persistently op posed the inauguration of a railway to the Eastern districts, and now in its issue of the 9th inst. we find it, at any rate by inference, advocating the measure. If such a journal could have any influence we should be pleased at such advocacy ; as it has none we are simply indifferent to the subject except in as much as it displays the baseness of the Organ. Some correspondent whlom the Inquirer speaks of as being in London, says :-" There is no doubt a railroad to York would be of immense advan vantage to the colony; but this ought to be done by a company which could be formed in London, if you could show the probable earn ings." We quite agree with the Inquirer's correspondent; but we know that that journal's advocacy will not greatly advance the.. scheme. BROKEN GLAss.-Wa have to all the attention of the public to a constantly increasing nuisance, one too which it is easy-to abate. Wherever ono turns one's steps, -whether in the town, on the roads, or in the uninhabited bush, one finds broken bottles, which appear to be a natural growth of the soil. T'he colony seems often to be a dreary waste and wilderness oof bottles smashed in every conceivable manner, and of every variety of incisiveness. Children, adults, horses, and cattle are all in danger as they walk. The other day -as a'little girl was running along the street she put her .foot upon a broken piece of glass which penetrated it, in-. flicting a deep and dangerous wound, and divid ing some of. the principal arteries. Skilful surgical assistance was: procured, but it'-:was with considerable difficulty the, severed arteries were picked up and tied; This is by no means the first accident from the broken glass whose fragments strew the colony, which has come to our knowledge. We have h8aird of a valuable horse; who was lamed fifty miles from honme. by pat ting his -foot upon ia broken b.ttle. :He" limped along for a few miles after the occur rence; but at last his ridei hlad to leave him and make the best of his *'way 'houmeward on foot. The exercise of a very smnall aimuut of care anid discretion wou'd materially .iiminiiish the chance of such accidents. Bonties have always a value, which their collectors can obtain at various stores, and it is sheer waste to- break them wantonly, in the towns, to say nothing of tlhe dangers of having the streets and thoroughfares strewn with glass spikes. In the bush, instead of being dashed to pieces against a blhck-boy, they might be placed in iany convenient cavity, or stood uip gaitist a tree. zTr Lvellers have inm' conveniences and perils enmmihug to encoun'ter without lhaving thleir hlivws put in jeopardy by insidious piece o-f glass. A NE liHoLY ALLIANOE.-IO LWe shnall soon have ii definition of Mr. Bickleys plagia;riaed and as yet unexpl'aiied. ite?isiim f mdalliaice, That unsuccessful man till..: soron: diriven to extremitles. In fact he is in ;xtreinities ialready: A discriminating Governor hies': ini'de him 'a, Justice of the Pesaee--is he aware unidert what ircumustances his nime'i was erased , fironthe: commission by a previous Governor ?-ai;d the ,equally. :discerning Editor of :the Inquirer,. :alias, according to Mr.; Bickley, Bilaain's ass,. lias patched up a hollow tiuce -.witi the newly fledged magistrate, who. perhaps has recovered from his " awful state of .political delitium." Mr. Bickley's services" on the .Bench will b:e of the utmost valiue to the: country, we have little doubt. .:Hehas 'declared his determination to "nimake no :more: mistakes." The- press of the colony is about to collogue for. the purpose of making him presents of a nature calculated to as sist him in bestowing all sorts of adornments upon the position of greatness which has been thrust upon him. We are glad: to be able to! state coni scientiouisly that we forgive that eloluent nomin inee member, that brilliant judge whose judi cial excellencies, like his engineering skill and commercial judgment, have'got to be proved, for his base ingratitude towards ourselves-: Our large heart contains no nook. where :even the ghost of malice maylurk. But in theinterest of the public, whose confidence 're are proud to possess, we are bound to denounce his. incapacities, fol lies, and failures. We shall oin this occasion only refer to the failure alluded to by Mr. Bickley in his letter to the Inquirer' of Wednes day last. We maintain that it was simply Mr. Bickley's unfitness for his mission that caused his failureto induce any respectable firm of. capitalists in the other colonies to 'place a steamer on this coast, and that " what'he with his age and experience signally failed in, a yoang man and comparative,.tranger effected." Let Mr. Bickley deny if he dcan, without quib bling about the extent of authbrity . irivested in him, that he failed in his scheme, and that Mr. Stevens effected an arrangement between the Government and Messrs Jonnor and Mcla,; wl ereby we shall soon have the advantage of steam communication between the various ports of the colony. We will make no further com parison between these two gentleman. Comrn parisons are generally odious, and 'in this case the contrast is not favorable to the more ancient of the two. As for Mr, Bickley's minsalliance with the Inquirer it will not last Ionna. It was brought about we understand in. a peculiar manner, and was partly in consequence of a divorce which has recently taken place in the Inquirer office. As for his allusion to college, it is like himself mean and ungrateful. After we have treated Mr. Bickley with the greatest indulgence, and opened our columns freely to; his oftentimes rabid effusions, he chooses to take offence at us because we have other corres pondents who disagree with him, and require of us that we shall allow them to enunciate their opinions through the same medium as was em ployed by him. He gets Ithe worst of an argu ment with an opponent and then turns round ana viciously alludes to our antecedents. Who in this colony knows anything about Mr. Bickley's antecedents ? The best,that is known about him is that'he was once some sort of clerk in the service of the East India Company,=and has been an unsuccessful third class.sort of ad venturer here and elsewhere. One of his most recent exploits and one which does not redound too much to his credit, is that he accepted the Governor's nomination to a seat in the Council in the hope of getting something better, in the way of an appointment than that of unpaid Justice of the Peace. Mr. Bickley's taunts are the weakest of arguments, not to say the " ravings of senile passion and imbecility". The man who because he is worsted in a discussion with others will turn round upon , those who have always been willing to befriend him, and twit them with their position is cowardly, mean, and despicable. Mr. :Bickley is an elderly turncoat: if he had any principle: we should leave him to the torments of: his con science. As he has, however, neither conscience nor principle we must relinquish.hinu to. the tortures of his own irascibility, to the. bitter gnawings occasioned by the inner consciousness that senile-decay has marked him as its own, and' is rapidly taking` possession of his facul ties. -: THE FIRST EXHIBITION OF MESSRS. WIE LAND & LYONS' CIRCuS.--By' last Thursday evening the Mammoth tent so`largely advertised. by our fresh visitors the " Royal Victorian Circus Troupe," was erected, the horses were at hand, and the company were assembled. The tent is onelof the largest canvas structures which we ever remember to have seen: it exceeds in point of size and accommodation Batty's famous tent. It is of oblong shape, supported by two large poles, and capable of holding com fortably two: thousand spectators. The circus was brilliantly lighted by twolcoronals one on each pole and containing each about twenty large kerosene lamps. His Excellency the Go vernor, accompanied by his family and per. sonal suite, honored the performance with his presence, and professed himself, and indeed seemed, highly delighted with the entertain ment. At 8 p.m. the performance, which con sisted of three parts, commenced ; andthough it did not; terminate till pastmidnight the'inter est taken by the spectators tin every act never flagged throughout. Upwards of seven hundred visitors were present, so that the enterprising proprietors have reaped a fair harvest of pro fits. We have but little space to notice the various performances. Mr. Klaer's juggling is equal to anything of the kind ever exhibited and the graceful athletic performances of that artiste and hisjeonfrdre Mr. Verletti are scarcely surpassable. The equestrian part of the pro gramme was splendily executed. The training of the horses reflects the greatest credit upon Mr. Bartine who must have spared- neither time nor trouble to bring young and untried animals to such perfection of discipline. His poney Fairy went through her work with positive zest, to the great delight of the audience and the greatt satisfaction of her' master, who;ý by the bye, declares that she is only thirty-six inches high ;so that the controversy 'between the two rival Guildford correspondents may be considered at an end. Nobody, howeer, .asked for the poney to be measured.' Mr. Bartine's performance as the " British Foxhunter," in which capacity he rode standing on the cruppers of two barebacked steeds, and in that position leaped over poles and hurdles as 'setnrely as if he were his prototype at home riding slowly to the meet, took the house by surprise: Mrs. Lyons' vaulting and riding in the Voltigeur act cannot be too highly commended,and Madame A nareau's graceful equestrianism alike demands our praise. Nor must we omit to speak in terms of highest commendation ofMr. Wieland's lownifg and the graceful and interesting exhibition by Mrs. Wie land of the educated dogs. All Perth was at the performance and nearly half Fremantle. This talented troupe iwill give anotler entertainment" in Perth next week. Last night they repeated their - performance to a crowded,' house. The. "Victorian Circus Troupe" is undoubt edly the beat organired e'rcus whici ihas ever been in these colonies, and we have no doubt that- they will achieve -a startlinig success in Inidia and the East. aT WE" regret -?to- have to :record ithe sad and sudden death, by an . unforseen" accident, of Mr. Elijah Redinile last Wednesday .isreek. The deceased was near Guildford; arranging the :tarpaulin. of:" his dray, when a?' sudden- jerk. threiw him' to the ground. This death is' much regretted,,as: MrIedmile was a most-induistrious .and , stiin able young settler. The funeral :tioolplac in York,; ad dv as most respectably al tended. " SHUT OuT:-With' considerahl[ regret we are compelled to. leave. out of this .week's issue, the Report of the Swan Agricultural Society;' Couitry news, and other valuable com muiinicatiois. 