REV. JOHN STORIE'S" GOSPEL OF GOD." TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-I was intending to possess myself of a copy of a pamphlet published a few days ago, entitled "Infallibility Where is it P" but my doing so has been rendered superfluous by the Rev. John Storie's . reply to myself and " Gallic," in your issue of this morning. Hereafter lot all who wish to fully com- prehend the teaching of Peter and Paul respecting what Christ has done for mon, take sittings in St. Andrew's Church and if so great a privilege is obtainable, still further seek the personal intimacy of the incumbent thereof. He is the one man gifted from above to distinguish truth from error, and direct all wanderers to the right path. Nevertheless such is the essential importation of humanity, that even such exalted gifts as his do not prevent him running his head bull-like against a post. The phrase " Bubstitutionary suffering" acts on him like a red rag on that animal, and it is with great reluctance I again hold it up before him. The Rev. John Storie, in great philanthropy, and doubtless at the cost of much mental labour, comes forth to tell the people of Tasmania, lost they should be led away by the teaching of either " Gallia," or " Humanitas," " what the Gospel of God really is." And the first proposition laid down by him in his prosecution of his task is that " the mere facts of the advent of the Son of God, His incarnation here, the miracles he did, the revelation He made of God, are surely not the main mighty facts of the Gospel that Peter and Paul proclaimed." The Rev. John Storie may possess additional records, of the preaching of those apostles, to those accessible to the rest of mankind ; but, turning to such as we have in common, I find that the first sermon preached by Peter after Pentecost was neither more nor less than a resume of the life and death of Jesus, with the declaration that, having therein fulfilled the will of God, he was now exalted on the right hand of God with power and authority to direct the regenerating influence of the Holy Ghost on all who sought it from him. A few days after the delivery of that sermon, the apostles were brought before the Jewish Council and the testimony of Peter there was, "The God of our fathers raised up Jesus whom ye slow and hanged on a tree. Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour for to give repentance to Israel and forgiveness of sins." The declaration of the same apostle to those assembled in the house of Cornelius ran as follows: "I perceive that God is no respecter of persons ; but in every nation he that feareth Him and worketh righteousness is accepted of Him, The word which God sent unto the children of Israel by Jesus Christ. ... You know. . . . How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power : who went about doing good,. , , Whom they slow and hanged upon a tree. Him God inisoduptholliirddiij and showed Him openly , and He commanded us to preach unto the people and to testify that it was He who was ordained of God to be the judge of the quick and the dead ' The declaration of Paul to the Athenians, on Mars' Hill, was that he revealed unto them, Hun who had hitherto been to them." The unknown God, who had made the world and all things therein And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed and the bounds of their habitation, that they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after Him and find Him, though He be not far from every one of us, for in Him we live and move and have our being And the 'lines of ignorance God winked at, but now commandeth all men everywhere to repent Because he hath appointed a day in the which He will judge the world by that man whom he hath ordained, whereof He hath given assurance unto all men in that He raised him from the cloud " I leave your readers to judge for themselves how far those sermons of Peter and Paul support Mr Stone's first proposition Our ordained instructor's next assertion is that a religion without the great dogma of ' Bubstitntionary suffering is not Christianity The Gospel we hate to preach is that God s Incarnate Son have here on earth the burden of human guilty And he further states there is no remedy' to the sinful condition of men "but the one provided by the putrid and vicarious Building of the Son of God ' To bear " the burden of human guilt ' then, according to the Rev. John Storie, 13 the same as bearing a given amount of " permit suffering " due to it. But it rather tends to shake our confidence in the list proclaimed infallible one, to find that a course of eight years of theological study, tho he) was on of " holy hands, and the number of 5 years he has since devoted to the exposition of Christianity, have failed to open his mind to perceive so manifest a distinction No one can read the Now IVstumant without seeing Eveready torches Clnist did indeed bear " the burden of human guilt, " bore our griefs and carried our sorrows, but it is not therein revealed that the Infinite Father keeps a ledger, on the Dr. side of which he marks down over) act of human transgression balancing them against the terms and pangs of On 1st recorded on the Cr side Such pre china has been the great producer of " Gallic s, and will continue to be such as long as it is persisted in The doors are of the headship of Our ist is connected taught throughout the gospels and epistles, but the dogma of substitution hangs on the arbitrary inter probation of separate passages ThoRov Johnstone, m vi too of his intellectual superiority, may be able to receive of them us identical, but it is not so here My head is the real source of every motion of my limbs, but does not and cannot per ton in their motions for the, leaving them in undisturbed repose In like manner, if Christ is my head, the source of all spiritual It is in me and the parent root on which I grow, and without which I must wither and perish, He cannot then be my substitute Will the Rev. John Storm condescend to inform all such erring ones us myself, whether the "Gospel of God ' holds forth, us the centre of human hopes, a " plan of Salvation," or a Living Almighty Saviour? This topic is not one suited to the columns of a newspaper, and I have neither time nor inclination to pursue it further, but I trust, after admitting Mr, Stone s dogmatic statements and imposing array of tents, you will find space for the foregoing in reply And now, bidding a final farewell to " Gulo" and Mr Stone, I am, yours truly, HUMANITAS. 