COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. MATES WITH A MURDERER. ' Good duy, stranger !' The speaker was a traveller like myself , but ho was on foot and I on horseback. He wore the usual bushman's dress, blue sliirfc, mole GkinB, and cabbage-tree b.it, and carried his swag rolled around him, tomfirang-shape. It was fastened with Baddle-strnps, to one of whioh was appended a quart pot. As we were both going in the same direction, and the way wtiE lonely, it seemed quite natural that ho should accost me, and having replied to his salutation, we entered into conversation. la order to heat -what he had to Fay, ann to give my horse a spell, I dreiv rein, and brought my nag to a walk. He seemed grateful for my consideration, spoke of his weary limbs, and hard fate in being compelled to wander over the country at his age. And now taking n, good look at biin, I observed that he was of short stature, had piercing black eyes, a hooked nose, matted grey hair nnd beard, end was deeply marked with the small-pox. I am but an indifferent judge of physio«noaij, but to give an honest opinion, 1 rnuat say, that on close examination, my new companion appeared to me to possess one of the most villainous countenances I had ever beheld. There was Eouiclhiu; altogether repulsive in it, but time und place were hardiy appropriate for commenting on the matter. So, upon further acquaintance, not b'kiug the looks of this disagreeable individual, I resolved to push on, and put a few miles between us ere nightfall. ' bo you go fur to-night f': he inquired, as I pre pared for a fresh start. ' To Barlow's ftceominodation-house !' ' Barlow's ! not you ! why its full thirty mile on ; 'sides your boss looks nigh knocked up, and there's scarce an hour to sundown. You'd best camp with me, I shant go far, and it'l 'spell' the animal, and keep him fresh for to-marrer. 'Oh! I thank you; but I'll push on; he'll do the journey well enon-rh ; fifty to seventy miles a day is nothin' to him ; for I pride myself he's ns £ood a, bit of| stutf as there is is in this pai-L He was bi-e:l on the Levels, and cost thirty notes ; that's a price youv ' scrubbers' don't fetch every day, especially threeyew olds. My word ! to see him shape at a fence, why, he clears it flying !' ' He looks good,' said the stronger, ' and no doubt gallops well. One time I was like yeu, young feller, fond of good horseflesh, and could ride a bit too ; but since I got old, nobody cares a curse for me, and I hare to go through the country, footsore an 1 tired, tramping here and there, and can't get a job of work. Some times I'm nigh starve 1, at others half dead with C}ld from camping out. It's nothing to a younj mau, but my oath. I fed it considerably. ' I can't help it,' I replied, ' I must push on now, as its getting dark, and I want to fetch Barlow's if possible.' 'Hetter not push your horse too much,' interposed my companion, 'thirty mile isn't to be done in a minute; you'll have to camp afore you get there, I 'Good bye,' sail I, touching my beast with the spar. The old man vociferated, aud shouted, as I galloped away, doubtless utterinjr many ' Colonial prayers,' condemning my eyes and limbs. Not for an instant did I anticipate that my tired nag would be able to reach the accommodation-house that ni^ht, nor was it my intention to push the willing animal to his utmost. Hy sole object was to place a considerable distance between myself and the ill-featured traveller. To speak seriously,' 1 intended to camp ns Boon as I was fairly beyond his vicinity. A smart ride of some four miles brought me to a -rentle slope on the banks of a creek : water being hero plentiful, a camp was soon formed, a short distance from the road. I alighted, hobbled, and turned ont my horgR on good feed, made a fire, boiled my quart, and partook of tea in orthodox bushman style. It was surararr time, so that camping-out could do me no harm, and rolling nryself in my blankets I prepared for slumber. I had just composed myself in mind aud body, and was thinking of my ill-looking companion left far be hind, when the CTackling of branches aroused me, and a moment after he was standing at my fireside. ' Ha! ha!' said he, 'you see me heiv, nigh ns soon as yourself, thouL'h you have a hoss to ride, and I'm compelled to walk, liut I 'spect you found my word- c'rect : your nag irot knocked up: nir you \v:\? forccil to 'sp'.'l!' till morning. I'm trla.l cf it on? w:iy. -m.- I likes couip'ny, specially this time of ye.-.r, wl-.cu I yd been travelling Jong distances Iff myself; it often makes me shudder, thinking what I've gone tfcrough.' If I had not relished the stranger's coopany a few hours bock, when -well mounted on a eeoa road, I could hardly be expected {0 ore for it here lathe bush ; how ever, putting a good {tec on the natter, I bade him partake of the remnants of my sapper, and make him self as comfortable as he could. As I had nothing better to do, I lay still in my blankets watchme the stranger, whose countenance seemed to me, in the glare of the firelight, more Sataui cal than ever. ' Ton seem to like that feed,' I said, ' don't spare it, I can buy more when I reach the accommodation house.' 'Ah! to-morrer, I suppose, you'll be there; what say, if we travel together. I'm old, and can't get along fast, it's true ; but then you might '«ist me with my swag.' This flattering proposition I naturally declined, and told the stranger my presence was required at a distant station on the Murrumbidgeo by a early date. He seemed to disapprove this arrangement, for he shook his head repeatedly, and at length having finished the meal, unrolled his swag with a view to slumber. The uight was far advanced ere I obtained sleep, the arrival of the traveller at my camp having quite «n settled all my plans. For hours I lay tossing from side to side, thinking of tho position in which I was p'accd, with regard to one whose society could not be shaken off. At length I fell into an uneasy slumber, and dreams, in which every phase of horror prevailed were presented to view. These visions were startling, and life-like ; and in them most prominent was my self constituted mate, the old man who had caused me so much anxiety. Horror succeeded horror, and I tried in vain to shake off the nightmare, which held me in a fiend-like grip. Presently my eyes opened, and I comprehended the terrible position in which I was placed. The villain who had shared my hospitality, who had that rery evening approached my camp with plausable tales, had sought to rob, and perhaps murder me. Fain would I have sprung to my feet to cope with the treach erous scoundrel, but I was bound, and that hand and foot. During sleep he had taken the precaution to secure me with cords, so that I now lay powerless as an infant. ' So your awake, are you,' he said, coming near, and fixing his glittering black eye on me. ' My oath, mate, but I trapped you nicely, and it serves you right for refusing to let me have share of yonr hoss. Now, I've took a fancy to tho hanimal, and mean to have him, long with the rest of your kit.' Almost dumb with terror, I was unable to utter a word in expostulation or defiance. He continued : — ' You says nothink to that, in course, an' you'll give me all you have if I only spares your life. I have hearn the same yarn afore from others, hut it don't do. Dead men tell no tales ! Not that I mean to slit your wind pipe in an uncivil way, no fear of that; if I murder you, I'll do it like a gentleman. The last cove I settled was a hawker ; he wouldn't be still like you when the rope was round his neck, so I just tighten'd the noose a mt, ana ne was DiacK in we lace in a minute ? ,' ' Wretch !' I exclaimed, ' you ? .' 'Ah, you can speak to a cove, can yer, now,' he interrupted ; ' I 'spose it was pride made you run away from me to-day -now we are equal. Call me a wietch, did yer. Ha! ha! I'm used to it. 1'mw.orse. I'm a murderer! I'm none o£ yonr Sundaygoto meeting-uieally-mouthed fellers, as purtends to 1:e saints, and isn't so ; so I confesses it to you here. I'm nothing more nor less, but a murderer ! Some mur ders for. fun; I just does it, cos it pays. Way I does is this : —When I'm on -tramp, I picks up a mate, lams the state of his purse ; if he's well in, I just gives him an ounco of lead, or a dig of cold steel ; arter this I nuts the body into a sack ; creeks is allus handy, and in 'em I leaves them I've done for. Here's the bag you see, ready for you ; but I don't want to use it yet ; I aint got your money.' So saying, ho held up a dirty sack for my inspection. I could not reply ; in fact my tongue clove to tho roof of my mouth, as he again continued : — ' 'Taint every day I st')ps yarning with a cove, when I've got nil ready for work ; but somehow, I like you, that's why I didn't kill you outright, like. that old hawker. He was a tongh un to deal with, and it makes me shiver sometimes when I'm camped in the bush to see his ghost a coming out of the creek near me. He used to drive a cart painted red when ho was alive, and after he was put a one side, and I'd made money out of that conveyance, hang me if I didn't see him come driving that very cart past mo, jnst as natral as life. Lord, how I did pray; but praying, people says, is no good for murderers. Their souls is alas in tor ment and misery, that's what makes me so restless when I'm alone with these devils of ghosts, for I see ghosts everywhere. Three year ago I had two mates, real tigers they were too ; one of them was named Morgan, and from him I larnt a good bit of what I know. Afnrc 1 met him I hadn't done much bad, but a week by bis side iu the bush was enough. Fust insight I had into murdering was one night about nine o'clock, lie and another had been down to a shepherd's hut in the day, and cleared out the rations— ill the meat in the harness cask we took too — and was making tracks for the bush, when the shepherd ' spotted' us. We had quito a tussle for the plunder, but my mate soon floored liim with a stick, and away we went right enough. But the matter didn't end there ; that night at nine (as I said afore), while we was cooking the grub we'd plundered, who should ride up to our camp but the owner of tho station. What he wanted we all knew, so that afore he could get out a word, Morgan raised his piece and fired. Horse and rider both was shot ; we dragged 'em away into the bush, put a few logs on 'cm, aud next day was twenty mile off. Luck's everythink in such cases. Now, I think, you've had quite long enough spell ; !sides, I am tired of waiting. Where's your money f ' Cold perspiration burst from every pore, and a shud der ran through my frame while listcuing to this un called-for confession. So I was to be murdered, placed in a sack, and snugly deposited iu tho creek, a spot where none would probably ever seek me. Oh it was horrible to contemplate, and I powerless to lift even a hand in self-defence. ' Look here,' said the murderer, ' I can't waste time searching for your rhino, tell me where it is at once, or it will go hard with you. I'm a tough nut, though I am old !' My voice was now raised, shrieking for assistance ; I bad. even cherished the hope that some passer-by mi.-jl.t hoar my cries. ' Ston vour a-ab.' said he. nullincr the rone so tight that I could scarce draw breath. The pressure continued, and I swooned away. Wheu I recovered sense, all was dark to me, dark, wet, and cold, and a paiuful feeling of suffocation prevailing. The canves bag enveloped my head, and I had evidently been cast into the water, and lflft for dead. The cord still tightly compressed my neck, ren dering breathing difficult. How I had escaped with life was a mystery. Several hours passed era I comprehended fully the extent of my awful position ; but doing so, my anguish of mind was intense. My cries for assistance were but feeble, aud hardly penetrated beyond the precincts of the bag. It was clear if relief did not soon come it would avail me nothing. The creek must have been very shallow at the spot where the murderer had cast in my supposed lifeless body, as the water only came to my arm-pits. I was lying on my side, kept there liy stones placed in the canvas to ensure its sinkiug. By-and-bye there was a glimmer of light, evidently day wns dawuintr. for Uirauirh the holes iu the lias were visible the beams of the glorious sun. Still I could hardly move, hands nnd feet were lied, and the cord about my neck Eccmed to grow lighter with my frantic struggles. God ! was I to perish thus ! and was a death so extremely horrible to lie mine. I was gradually getting weaker, and becoming re signed lo my fate. In an on hour s time all would be over, and my place vacant in the world. Who would care for, who mourn me ? Tnose who knew me best would probably imagine I had (like many other travel lers) been lost in the bush ; there would, perhaps, be a formal iuquiry, which could r.cvpr unravel my fate. Oh how I cursed the insane wi-eieh v.-ho had tried lo take my life ; better indeed, thought I, that he had completed the sanguinary task. The distant sound of a stockwhip came like music on my ears ; it seut the life-blood back to my heart, and made mo tremble with hope and fear. Hope, that im position might be discovered ; fe:ir, lest it should be uiiesed. Lender and louder grew tho sounds : voices of men and trampling of hoofs -were distinctly audible, nnd ere long cattle rushing to Ihe creek for water gave evidence by their snorting that something uuusual was in tight. Down on their fleet-fooled steeds came the stockmeu, with a loud ''halloo,'' to brim in the stragglers from their herd; stragglers who were drinking at the very pool wherein I lay, unable to give sign of my position. Oh how I prayed just then for only one solitary word; and yet I -was dumb, unable to articulate a sound. ' Hullo, Jack, what's this F' That voice transported my soul within me. 'Why,' said his mote, 'it bolts like n plant: somebody have been puttin' their rallihles linn far safety.' ' My word ! ? .' Tho exclamation was simultaneous from both, n^ exerting all my strength, a low inoau came from be neath the canvas. They lifted me out of the water, and with their knives cut my bonds, and divested me of my prison-house : a few moments after I was at liberty, almost dead, Imt free. A drop of spirits from the stockman's flask lirouplit. me to consciousness, and enabled me to return strength, whea the narrative of my attempted immU-r and suf ferings -acre related. Aided by the friendly yoncg men who br-.d fouj-.l jiio. I reached my destination safely. 'it is now many year? Finco tin1 evra',- l c^-on1.; ^ rt::?-. re.!, but they are still vividij- iuipruiiod in memory ; the mark of rough handling is yet on my neck, a mart I shall carry til my dying day. . The hoary vagabond who appropriated my hone and worldly goods, was apprehended shortly after on the Victorian frontier, and although he bad with him no articles of my property, be was ' wanted' by ffe police, us one concerned in bushmuging/: Hevnuj tried, founi guilty, and executed, and it is to be hoped his fate proved a warning to others not to follow similar courses. ' I havo made many journeys since the period of niv oscape from death, to various parts of the colony but never without a good revolver ; thus preventing the likelihood of such events occurring, as those which happened when I was Mates with a .Murderer. 