THE INEBRIATE ASYLUM, NEW '....; YORK. This in on asylum for drunkards, who voluntarily enter it tor tbo purpose ? of abandoning their drunken habitB, bnvinjj lost all power of self-control whilo subjaot to the everyday tumptatinns which surround them. Tho trustoes of the piopnsod Inebriate Atiylutn in Now York have issued an appenl to the chiiruhoR in thu Dniied states and tlio American public fur assistance, rfomo of thu gtatemunts aro Rtaitling, as— Wlioean doubt the vital importance of such an nsyluru when, even buforo its tlrst story is completud, applicutiona have been mado for admittance, many ol which are from the patients thomsulvus I AtnotiK the applicants iiro 28 olergyman, 8f- phyMciiuiH, 42 lawyers, 3 judgod, 12 oditorn, ?i.ariny, uud two nuvnl oilicoiB, 179 nieruhantn, 55 larmorn, 515 mutchnnios, anil 410 women, most of thuiu ladies. How carno nil theso to ho prosttato and so dis^rraeod ? Did they descend to drunkenness and Bhatne with one step' or did they go down by the dungeious stairway of moderrtion? * Twenty eight clergyman' — mon wore if we believe tliuir profousion, called by the Uoly Ghost to watch tho flnck of tbo . faithful and to lie thomsuivos sunttiiuis and guardians upon the walla of Zion ; those inun by the wuy of moderation, havo fallen — alas how law. c Thirty-six phyivioans ' — men who knew the danger that lurks iu thu cup of abomin able things und jut partoolt of its uuholy and destructive contents. They are prostrate and helpless in the ficndisli power of the tyaut which has bound tlietu iu his adamautiue chains. ? Fnrty-two lawyors ' — who, by the practice nf their hououralile prolOHsion, beo otteu, deep into the ulf.iird i't' othurs ; tt.ey have turned their knowludge to licuntiousuoss havo dis graced hiimaiiity nnd tlio bnr, aro now sliiver iujr inebriates sucking admisaion into the hulls and rutieats of thu asylum. ?Threo judguB1 — conservatives of tho peace, purity, nud protection ot their icspuc tivo jurisdictions — men who iniuister ihu iaw tlioniHelvus, ijroHtrutuil against the poor cruu tuies upini whom they executed thu von geanco of the violated stntine, and tliuir ermine dragged iu the pollution of .Uucchauu Hun degradation. ?Twulvo editors' — men who, for the sako of tho community mid themselves ought to abstain from, uud honestly denounce, anv participation in tho (lomor»H-ing customs of uooiety — they adveitised tliu poison iu their columioi, tuok bribes perhaps, to slander the lomperuuce uiiuxu, and full into tlio suiu'us they assisted to sot for others. And the ? army and navy ' bcoIc a repro Boutative withiu the wulls ol a Drunkard's Asylum. '179 merchants f — what horriblo havoc upon the cominerciul enterprise, i. dun try, and intelligence, of the- country. '55 Farmers ' — who should Imvu been publicly useful in tliuir day. * 525 mechanics ' — uiun who might have curvuit out nn honourable name, mid left un uiniulliud reputation. ' 419 women from the high wuiks of life' — horrible words I What u suiumwry. Surely tho demand is loud lo the pulpit, the pluttoim, uud tho press to ' stay this pliiguo.' — American Paper. 