WE all know vary well thai two blacks don't , .. i . , „ . t make a wnite- But what is sauce fer the goose is sanse for tbe gander. If our readers will for onee suppose that Mr Lahgton is a gooes, and Mr Tale a gander, they. will know how to afipij. Ae household marim above quoted, -when they read the following from the Daily Telegraph -— Mr Vale, after having been quiet fer some time past,Iras seized with another bad attack of his old complaint on Wednesday. In criticiang the stat^mest made by the Treasurer of thehitentions of the Government with r£gard to mail services, be insinuated the wason the hon gentleman had an objection to subsidising a line of steamers via the Caps was that be was interested in a certain shipping company. Mr Langton complained that this attributed corrupt motives to him, and remarked that if the hon member had one spark of manliness in him be would Withdraw die expression. Mr Vale, however, only became the more insulting, and though the Speaker suggested that he should dSist, he persisted i^his ill conduct, contending that be had not gone beyond h^ 1 Farliamentaiy privileges. He dedined to with- \ draw the words anless the Speaker directly told him they were nnparliamentery The Speaker said be had sot heard the language, but inasmuch as tbe - Treasurer — had - - complained ^ - of - their - being -ofiensive to bim, he thought - the hon member might, as a;-matterefjgsnerosity, recant. But generosity does net form part of the composition of tbe hon member for Collingwood, and tbe House had simply ts submit to hia ill manners. Now this is all vary pretty, so donbt, and the standard af good'manners contended for bj tbe Daily Telegraph is snob that all wonld assent to premising- that bard and rods statements were never made in the Hons*. Bat the Daily Telegraph appears to forget what Mr Langton bas baan and can be in point of manners. Anyone reading the paragraph quoted wonld imagine that Mr Langton was a 'perfect Chesterfield, and had ben confronted by a "lool-montbed ruffian" in a most unfair manner. Yet let tb'at judgment book, Hansard, be opened, and it will be seen that -in times past BO man bas been mere ready to impute motives af dishonesty to other men than Mr Lang-ton. A mare vindictive or eenr- tsmpered man than Mr Langton never entered the House. Se has accused Sir James M'CuHoch (dun Mr), and Mr Francis of politically eorropt motives oyer and over again. It is true that Mr Vai* did not get hia large stook of Billingsgate frem Mr Langton. No. That would be vei^ like Newcastle importing cods. Tbe fact is Mr Langton and Mr Vale ware cast is moulds almost similar, Mr Vale bemg ths best model of tbe particular gsnus to whioh those two amiable creaUires belong. The conseqnenoe is that when tbe -pair meet Mr Langton; comes off second best. Why tbe Daily' Tdegrapkda.'MAA give Tent ta any expressions - of pity on behalf of Mr Langton, we are at a loss to know. If tws bsare -meet, And one gets the worst of it, why should the world weep or my pity for the one and shame on the other? Mr Vale bites and J tears because he can, and because iis lores to -do so, and j Mr Langtan wonld if he could. These two worthies will sever kill each other or tbe world with politeness. Tfaey will never., be mistaken fer davee or birds of Paradiie or any tiling else that ia amiabls jind pleasant. TBE paltry reasons for which the law ii sometimes set in notion nnder onr present criminal code certainly sppe&r; ridinlous and insttffiBisat.. On Xhimdaj «S thB. Ualnisimy Police Goon, a man named John or Jack "Sbsppard was churgad Tfith taring, j committed-so lass tbaa three 'petty iaroanise. hs £isttth«cg« iroke down. Ik the other lira prima _/octecaaes were made out. The prasesntar in oaejtssel aaamsad die vsflue iol the tin dish istakn at eixpencs. It was old. and bn&en;, snd bad * hols an insb iong in tbs bottom. It vnis elso stated ' kyj ihe yrMscntor thrt tba diah tnigbt have ben sft out by bis okiUren AS ft 4t has besn Joet. This valuBble boly <dwh had «ftea been -so rit~ont-i>y~lto iMldna - M w i — l o r this paltry disb with a big hole in it the ^ ountry is to bepntto tin «xpense of £20 or f ore. A ^gmtkmBn: iaF ^intdligMioe enB ntegrity, the poline magistrate, is -not: Uowsi ito deal in « summaiy jianww jwiib bs case. aSi£Lym»nwiB »ritedaBd*l«etfc *o i e Izni by a jury bT bis «wn sonntrymen. : " r ^^^^^/iinu^Wl Jbr uaL |bi'j ha next ean lu aid UAj %ndut It (he v&latbis; in question. This cm* ftlo, huokot and all, will go to s jury. It is tiros these legal farces were discontinued. If a polion magistrate is capable of dealing with n rosb accused of vagrancy, and dealing with the offender in a summary manner upon the slenderest find most dou'gtfol evidence, he hould also be capable of dealing in e summary manner with fititjli Trivial tiffeuoM just enumtrated, A man in the old timec was banged in ~Hotou Town for liavinp stolen sixpence. Tbe furoes we -enact are hardly mora absurd. {If a stipendiary magistrate is not capable of trying a men aooassd of having stolen a sixpenny tin dish with a bole, in it, and a bueket that has lost its rim and won't bold water, be is nut fu to sit on the Bench. There was no business of importance nt tbe Pslice Court yesterday. One case, in which the Napier'Comttany appeared, as complainant was dismissed against the company, with one guinea costs, as the company did not appear. Our Trentham correspondence And the report of the monthly meeting of the li&lmsbnty; Cannot .an unavoidably left ovsr. Mr and Mrs Bennee, English aotnadians, frotn St. James's Tbsatre, London, will appear «t the Mechanics' Hall on Monday night. The preat Benevolent AeylomCMe terminated BryStfemmTttlgmlfi a "verdict «n the &llsged; libel, because Mr Clegs admitted the retention of £6 of the asylnm fnnds for a time, thongb net for a fraudulent parpose; but on the main or " slander" issue, whether Mr Clegg had received £2 snbscription from ' Mr Biyantand stolen it, or -wiieiher Mr Bryant bad lied in tbe matter, and had altered a receipt to give colour to his charges, the. jury were with Mr Clegg, and they gave-that geuttemao a verdict, with £70 damages. There are Ail I technical points to be dealt with, and bis Honour intimated that be wonld hear arguments as te pleas in Chamber. The trial was the subject of general conversation in legal circles, as elsewhere, on Wednesday. Many are of opinion that the verdict will be upset on law paints, and it is said that an action for penniy ^^riBeoat ef the Tasmanian aspect of the question, The Ararat Adetrtutr eays :—" J W Peebles, the spiritualist, and-aathor of tbe " Seers of the ^ - ^ ^ a-SSTSataE There will probably be -a contest between Mr David Blair.-snd .Mr Peebles Judging by a pemsal of some of Mr Peebles's works we should thmk he quite ^ good at «vective ^ the: ^ ^ »» v,d ' *** meD meet on a P 1 ?^ ^ ^ doabtiess be a very racy : ^ V B! T f a ' rea^ Ti 0^ 3 Blairaoman the Yankee ghost business, but Mr ?®? bles 18 B cate a ole T« °, QE - i P w f M «. - metuQm^a8 ^<!™edMr Peebles of Mr B air s preparation Was wdlas the quality of his argume° L tra0^ medinmhas MrPeebles what the rault ^[^tf not,the medmm should be invited to dl™ e stence V 1 interests of the cause, A e.^pondent WHtescrops in and around Tylden are loofang eic^dingly weUjust ? ow ^ they are &r; m advance of the correspond- P anod , oF y^. Were I to partxentense-OMfcrm above mother it jvnnld be ihat of C»nn<allor Hogan s, where there are 300 acres "J"** a ° d oat s, whicfa promises to repay ' tenfold the outlay of capital apon a holding of SOO.aeres heavily limbered. Mr Hogan's place cariosities deserves speoal of it® notice, improvements'^AS as~ much anything for the else; my inability to scribble a description -of which 1 -freely confess. The huge log fences wonld need a visit to realise -the system upon which log-rolling is jsapable ef -being -carried out. The men's fant, a scbstantial two-roomed Keatherboard house, is worthy of jaention fiom theiact of it being critically termed the'Great Britain,' which it derived from its being crowded $ojex:cem with Employes, which shows VEiy Sittte sign tbe maicity of labourers, of which yosr loeal eontemporary so nnreasonably eomplains. -Viewing Ae srops in tbe aggregate in this qnarter, they,io far, ^promise -an abundant iarvest,Twhieh will be hkiladi by scores-of new «ettlers~far ip the'IoreBt witb gladness. Li>bk> ingat the public improvements, one wonld be InslineiLto think that 3he weather had'taken a ^contract from Providence to make the roads, -and making immense progress with its work, ipmsumed to -'the...' satisfaction 6f -the lively councillors of the shies ot Eyneton. It is, not often the Observer in called^sponity any a? its eontributors to chrooicle.the horrors of a father and mother eating their-o&pring.; One eveoing recently a-sow-belongiiigto a farmer on the south of the -Campaspe, gave birth to a baker's dozen of young ones; in the presence of. the reputed pata$tmilia&, who. happened to be" at home at the time, and' superintending his domestic a&irR; in the same .stye. It appears tin paternity of the youthfaLstrangers the bog -{for.nil I.know) diBputed, beoause on the whole of the little innocents both himself and the cruel mother' 1 made a bearty-sneal tbe same nig^t., .A^roel and brutal^ttaek was made on Thursfl&y; -ia«t4>y a eelector- «n the Stackyard Creek with an Amnrican azs upon two milch cowa, -wineh Sias pardy aeprived them of the use •f-their'linrbs afid^hcir milfe,tlheJcredibiiity aitsiinchriiranlid jieiquestionabie were itoiot for the Saet of : there teing so ^eye-witness to its ootmnissiaa. Hia sapling fence *vas not ^enfficient >te rerast -the temptation. of ^iQth the animats, -and 'thfy went totrespass in hisierop, whBn lo 3 %be stalwart knight tit 4he axe jmade bis«pp€arance oHtiof the wilderness, famished with hiit farmiSabte • weapon -and inflicted ngly gashes onTiotti vows, and -apon being subseqnently threatened with the consequences, the only reason he "gave for 3us horrible deed was, 'Shure they didnltutbink it was throngh spoit be done it ?' I myself visitedlioth the injured iwasts, -and they seemed to be very badly injured, "and much swollen. Tbis inhuman Ijlopdthirsty butcher is a man iar advanced in yaiiB, who lives by himself, to-his own dissatisbciion, which "probably • inay partly assonnt for iis ferocious exhibition dl bad temper, Ilis nativity and cultivation occsn-ed jnbea compuisoiy edneataon was not the ruling order tl the day. He biuls Iron the same country as yaw- correspondent—the gentlemen af bis n»lionality "b6ing proverbially excitable. l-^atfain ^from mentioniag-his name, AS I have been given to .-understand by one «of tbe owners of the mutilated cattle that the tAachineiy of the ' law will be imt in' motion io bii -toAe ihoped that ample uulocu wili^re~la»ted- OTt -to -the ^perpetrator of ibis outrage. • • s i J'- S : ..' - The aanoal .ball in vonneetien with the Oddfellows' -liMgel ''at -Kyneton; -came off on Wednesday last, in ^bs Oddfellows' Hall. It was s very plsssaut -and Agreeable afiair. Abont £i^^csnples weiB in |Mendanoe, and Mr May officiated as arGtler d^cmhtruasr^ The drsssesat the landies displayed Xreat taste. K* sight conld have been much more attractive than that prasentsd ^r .the galaxy of yoath and beauty, gracefully adtted 'Bnring the iotsrvils, wilft tlieir handsomtj jaal vanid sorties da bal caralOTslyjajrowji p^itbmrfett^honlders. We {DayUsfbrdMeratryy regret to bava te »pprtwacadentat. BlantetJP^ flay afisraobB7 by whiA i 'iidiner named c^ric^Frisiiltwpns ijf&^^^iwd^ss at i and iwin ai^^ ^pf^mbsri^B Sri tbe drive ^en the^grauinl isnddenjy ^^ > -v, lin- ying l bim in theseBru..r.fiMibats,~'w <r, a n another drjbvs, hearing Jtha fall, cried out, Are you hn^T^r towhieh the dassased eplied, Safes—I ^im poor fellow ' "" about o s n Tho Spring «»traa held antiually in «mne«tiou with St Andrew's Clmrch. Kyoewn, s plawin the£y«eton ttnbaniof JHall, «n Wenneaday, Otli Novflmbsr, 1872. Tja^iU nrovided aiC^clficlc^tidUie'Be* BK Anderson will take the chair. The Rev P. Vlonsties, M.A., Scot'* Chutch, Mwlbonrno, will t deliver a lecture, and selection* of sacred mumc will be given by members of tho Church choir, under tbe-csnduct of Miss Henderson and Mr Duncan. To soeh an extent does the practie«"prevail nt sending in memorials with fabricated signatures to tho Government departments in support ol prayers tor some favour which it is in tbe power of tbe Government to bestow that it has been found neceosaiy to take criminal proeeedinga in more than one casein order to nut a stop to so reprehensible a procedure. There are at. the present time (says tbe Tdigraph) several memorials in the Crown Law Department which, bear on tbe face of them tbe most palpable evidence that tbe names affixed are not genuine. The signatures of even Chinese are imitated, and in one case, which led to tbe discovery of the praotuK,.the same persons Were evidently employed to draw up petitions for and against the introduction of the JEIO liceaoe-fee into a particular, district,-who unscrupulously made the same signatures do duty in both memorials. The arrangementsfoT tbe Ballarat Agricultural Show, are .progressing favoarably. . The number of exhibits-entered, 1,181, givet promise oTtbe show bein'gtlieljest exhibition ever beld there. The show of sheep cattle, and implements will be splendid. The Bank of New South Wales dividend is 12$ per cent, besides increasing tbe reserve fund to one ttnrd of tbe cajntal. ' Ah Sue baa been sentenced to death at intuanit. \- £hepolice, it is «aid, do not Intend taking any «ction on the confession ef Margarat O'uonoboe, tiow trader -sentence for the murder of Mary O'Bourks. That statement bas many featareB'sfcotft it, however, which are evidently true. Those who entered the bouae tbe day after the murder trill remember the fragments of a eodswater bottle lying about the floor, and many of those who were present at the inquest commented on tbe way is which the girl Crazier ,gave her evidence. The fact of O'Donohue also getting Crozier ont of the way, and bar statement to Constable Daltcm that she would rather die than tell tbe name of tbe girl who was with ber in the house on tbe night of the xnoTder, Send to show" that she was at tbe time sating with a view to screen Crezier. Tbe opinion of the. police, however, i9 that evidence conld be obtained against tbe latter. 