I THE TRANS-C0NTINEKTA1. RAILWAY. W XHEXDITO&i; Sir—It has been "suggested that we Bhould employ the Agent-General in this scheme. "This sapient proposition seems to be founded upon the following exquisitely logical reasoning., All men are corrupt, but it is. much more difficult to corrupt one man, viz., the Agent General, than a number of persons, viz., the Company. This ridiculous hypothesis deserves no fuither notice. To show the large knowledge possessed by the English public of the Australian Colonies, not- | withstanding the presence in London of several Agents General, that respectable paper the Illustrated London, News carefully distinguishes between the exports from Port Phillip and those from Melbourne, ranking the former next to the latter. Now with this amount of positive ignorance, is it to be expected that our Agent- ; General could attract much attention to a ; scheme like this in a market where enormous demands for money are continually being made by the recognized nationalities of the world ? By the side of those demands it is most unlikely that an offer of our unknown and unpeopled wastes would receive any notice whatever unless backed by the .resources and means of a Com pany, ~ The Agent-General, indeed,.'from his official position could afford help to the Company; but to ask that the gentleman in question, alone and burthened as he is with other duties, should undertake the task of convincing cautious busi ness men of "the practicability of the scheme and of the adequacy of the return is a .most unpractical idea. National transactions such as this are.net effected with the same ease as the purchase of a few tons of iron or so many bushels of wheat. The figures concerning the Company's profit which have been industriously kept before the public by the opponents of the scheme are like the lions in the fable. At first sight they indeed appear enormous. Be not afraid, approach them nearly, examine them closely, and they at once lose their threatening appearance, and assume the shape of very small mice indeed. It must be borne in mind that we should deal with a project the nature of- which is of an Aus tralasian rather, than of a South Australian character in a liberal "spirit. A truly large and statesmanlike mind, capable of grasping all the ideas involved by a scheme like the present, will at once admit that the manner in which it is treated by our Parliament will stamp our colony with a national character, by which we shall be judged by the outside world for many years. ' We should meet the proposal in the same straightforward manner in "which it is made, holding the scales between parsimony and ex travagance with a just but not a severe hand. By a contrary course of conduct we have already lost opportunities of constructing rail ways in the South-East and in the North. The engineers sent from England at a considerable cost have left the colony disheartened at the spirit of niggardliness by which they were met, and were only too gladly welcomed in Victoria, where they are now engaged in the construction of the" new lines of railway. Let us then consider the terms sought by this Company. The colony is not to be at the cost of a single penny; no guaranteed interest is asked for. The Company take the .entire risk of profit or loss. We are first asked for a term of five years, to enable the Company to make their preliminary arrangements, including survey of 2,000 miles. I find that this is the usual time allowed by the American schemes, and in America railways are far more a progressive institution than in Australia. Seeing, then, that this term of five years is a usual term in bargains of this nature in a country like America, I come at once to the conclusion that in a country like Australia it is less than might be fairly asked, and I at once accept it. A request for 200 millions of acres appears -A large claim, but it should be remembered that it is not quantity but value that determines whether the claim be reasonable or otherwise. A vacant acre at North Adelaide may be worth more than a vacant 80-acre section near Port Augusta. I might willingly give £500 for the former, but all the Agents-General in the world would not induce me to give the same sum for the latter. So it is with this bugbear of 290 millions of acres. The sensible view of the matter is, what is it worth; not, what is the quantity. J accept one test that has been offered. It is said that land in the Northern Territory sold at 7s. fid. per acre. Very true ; and the price obtained was a most excellent one from the Government side of the question, hut a very poor one viewed through a purchaser's eyes. The land would never have been bought at all if a-Company had not been formed in London by colonists, mark!—not by English capitalists. This Company took up nearly one-half of the entire quantity of land allotted, and after five years' experience of the result of the investment, what is the consequence ? Why the Company wants its money back again, and the colony is involved in a heavy lawsuit new pending. Observe, I put this in a purely practical and mercantile light without regard to higher prin ciples. It may be wrong for the Company to want their money back, and to try legal pro ceedings to get it back; but this has nothing to do with the matter. The hard, dry fact still remains. They want their money back. Double the area of land; make the "price 3s. 9d. per acre; still they want their money back. At the latter price Northern Territory land is thought a bad investment; and rather than accept it, these sceptical business men try a long and risky lawsuit. So much for this test of the value of the Zand. The next test proposed is a more reasonable, though on examination it too will be found a fallacious one. It is said' that Northern Territory Land Orders are worth £45 for the 320 acres, equal to 2s. 9d. per acre. But this may be called a retail rather than a'wholesale price. We do not expect to get a pound of tea at the wholesale price for a chest. The colony cannot expect to get for 200 millions of acres the same price as is obtained for a lot of 320 acres. _ Again, the cost of the survey must also be con sidered. Before this land sells at 2s. 9d. per acre it has to be surveyed; and I venture to say that this item alone swallows up nearly the whole of the 2s. 9d. -per acre. But let us be moderate. Let us allow for the above conside rations the very reasonable figure of Is. 3d. . only per acre. Deduct this from the 2s. 9d. per acre, and there is left Is. 6d. per acre as repre senting the present market value of the unsur veyed land. This represents the sum of fifteen mill ions sterling—an amount which it-is by no means improbable that the railway will really cost. But this is not alL It is estimated that it will be 1,600 years before the Company's profit is realized. I am almost ashamed to descend to these shopkeeping calculations, and I would not do sc were it net necessary to meet others on their own ground. The opponents have not in any one single instance put forth an argument fairly and fully. They speak of checking five years' future development. . They do not refer to the want of development for the " last eight years. _ They refer to the price of land sold in South Australia .36 years ago. They do not refer to the fact that the money realized was spent in bringing population to these shores. They raise a ghost in the shape of " political influence which will be possessed by the Company"—an argument of some effect if addressed to a dreamer, but childish wheu applied to practical business men engaged in the daylight prosecution of an engineering opera tion. They- say, '* The Company can always undersell the Government." Not so. The Com pany is-weighted at least with Is. per acre, pro bably Is. fid. per acre, as the cost of the railway. This of itself is sufficient to deter the Company from a foolish suicidal course of competition, which if attempted the Government could al ways crush by a land tar. They counsel delay, forgetful no doubt that an opportunity once lost is gone for ever—that the proposal once rejected it may be many long years before a similar one presents itself. The Sybil raised bier price when her wares were refused. ! Not a word has been said by these writers about the increased Talue of the land remaining to the Government, the immediate accession to the population of a large number of taxpayers, the increased revenue from the duties on imports heth of materials and manufactures, the sure decrease in the rate of freight outwards and the •onsequently relatively increased profit on wool, copper, and all our other natural products. .While more population is the cry; while our trade languishes; while capital is locked up in enormous quantities in vain waiting outlets; while enterprise is at a standstill, these sapient would-be politicians try to crush by a cheese paring policy the liberal proposal which would at once attract a large population, render trade brisk, open up new fields for capital, and induce ■ a lively spirit of energy and enterprise. That the affair is bona fide is shown by the fact that the Company do not ask for a single acre of land except as the railway progresses. They also offer a deposit. Directly a sneer at the Company as a ring is made they promptly reply by offering to allot new shares. I wish the Company God speed for the sake of every man, woman, and child in the colony. I hope the proposal will be at once accepted by the Government for the credit of the colony. I would offer it every possible encouragement; and it is to be' hoped that our legislators will rise far the occasion, and treat the subject in an Australasian rather than in a narrow and provincial spirit. -I am. Sir, &c.;, ' COSMOPOLITAN. 