Another Victorian Odtragr. — The Elstorn wick poisoning case adds another Bketch to tho many strange phases of socinl life in this colony, for if it should oventually be proved that Davis, the husband and prosecu tor, was not poisoned nt all, thero is still sufficient in tho evidence beforo the public to show how very lightly the ties of marriiigo nro held by a cortain class in this country. Tho prosecutor informed tho court that tho prisoner, his wife, lived with him before he married her, nnd had ono child ; nnd that ho subsequently loft her in . Adelaide and caino to Victoria. A your afterwards he met her by nceident in a Melbourne Hotel. Sho ac companied him to'tho diggings, and there thoy met a man named Barber who claimed to be the woman's husband, and domanded .her of Davis nt tbo- pistol's mouth, when the latter at once gavo her up to her new mas ter. Futo threw her some time afterwards ngain in Dnvis's wny .lit Tarrnngovver, and they once more cohabited, and1 seven years ngo thoy nppenr to huyo abandonod thoir erratic habits and got married. Now, tho woman appears, in the dock with a man nnined Street,, her nllegod paramour, charged with ellempting to poison Davis, her bus band, when ho lay on a bod of sickness, and a Brighton bench has committed the prison ors for trial. Apart from the peculiar social phases which tlio case presents, thero aro many incongruities in the evidence of '(he husband, and in the alleged correspondence between tho woman and her paramour, which invest the Elsternwick sensation with unusual interest. — Leader. A Murder Nine Years Ago. — It is an old saying ( says tbe Bendigo Independent) that ' murder will out,' nnd its correctness cannot bo doubted, for many remarkable instances of its truthfulness miijht be qnoted in sup port of it. A man nnme'd Andrew Hayps, while drunk nnd in tho custody of Sonior constablo Cook, on Monday night-, mado a statement to the effect that ho hnd murdered a man familiarly known as ' Yorkey,' in Now 'Zealand, in 1863. The constable took a note of tho disclosure, nnd on Tuesday, a t the City Police Court, when he was told of his remarks when in custody, he- said that some years ago in Dublin he fell from a scaf fold and seriously injured his head, and when he got drunk ho said things which had no foundation. A man nnmed ' Yorkoy' wps murdered in the year 1863, nt Miller's Flnt, between Gabriol's Gully, and tho Dunstan, in New Zealand. The murder at the timo of its discovery created considerable excitement, and a couple of persons were arrested on sus picion of being concerned in the affair, but nothing was proved against them, and tho diabolical deed has been enshrouded in myB tery over since. Hayes is a stnlwnrt mnii, of fifty years of ago, nnd a labourer; his right eye is injured, and it is said ho cannot see with it. As thoro is nothing in the re mnrks of Hayes to jnstify his detention, he was simply fined for being drunk. Burnino Ptbites.— In the Jurioc of. Twelve Court on Wednesday, says tho Telegraph, tho case .which was under consideration was that of David Richard Gabriel v. the Hope Mining Company, Wood's Point. Tho plaintiff was formerly a storekeeper in Scott streot, Woods' Point, and the defendant company hnd n claim opposite his store. In May, 1871, the company having erected the noces snry applinncos, commenced to burn pyritos, nnd tlio plaintiff nlloges that the fumos gonorntnd by tho process line! a serious offoot upon tho health of his [family, so much so, indeed, that ho wns compelled to movo nway to nnothor part of tho town, the result being loss of busiuesB nnd groat exponso; nnd he, theroforo, sought to recover £8,000 damages. Tho eyidenco Bhowed that the company's plant wns erected at the foot of a hill, and a fliio carried tho fumes from tho furnaco to the top, where they was convoyed into a stack nnd conducted ofF. Thoy were, however, riot properly carried away, and the' plaintiffV caso \yas tlmt' tlio wholo of his family snf-i fored, his wifo* wns nffliotod with loss of nppelito, pnihs in tho hond and stomach, loss af memory, and vomiting, while ono of 'tho' Bhildren had sovero pains in the stomach — so; much 'so that it ; would lie down and* roll on1 tho floor in ogouy. Tho&o;, symptoms were said 'to have been caused by the ?' fames,' and Mr. Coamo . Newberry gavo ovidonceof having, analysed \ somo ., water caught on the roofs .of tho ? hou ses; iu the .vicinity.and ho found in it arsenical deposits, .caused by tho arsoniqhavitig.'lodgedison tho.roofa,, and then being iwashed off when 'it'rainod. ?, JDuring tho vcross-oxn'mirintion; of!; tbefplnintiffV:- Mr^ Fellows 'produced^ an!; advertisement, in,'; the Jameson tihronicle,'fv6m 'which' it 'seemed that Gabriel.Vif lio hnd,' suffered; himself.-was ready;-, to induce, someone else topay for the lnxury: of - being slowly poisoned. ? ? In. the advertisement the plnintiff anriouncedhis in tention of ' leaving the ' district; and offered hisbusiness and dwelling house fqr.sdle.; ,;.. A! case has j'iist been heard at the sittings of the Supreme Court'in Rockhamptob, in whioh a Mr. Brandon and his wife brought an action against : certaini parties, ? tenants occupying properties in Enst- streeet. The case was one of those notuncommon in older, comraunitios, but as yet ' rare in a new country like onrs; The land had been bought in 1860/by a cer tain George Harriset Derusot, who afterwards died in Sydney^ ' Itwassnbsequently.jutnped by the' present holders. In the case referred to, the female claimant alleged that she: was the dnvighter of tho late Derusset, and his only surviving, child ; and- therefore she claimed theiland,' as {being his only heir. In the coarse of the: evidence- tho'following curi ous.particulnrs were .elicited : — Mrs. Brandon's father was originally a barber named Quigley, carrying on business in a small street in Lon. don, and ho married and had several children while there. He afterwards went out tb'India, and soon after wo find him holding the im portant position of head barber to the King of Oude, nnder the name of Derusset or De Russet.-* All this time bis wife,' Mrs. Qnigleyj the wife of the so-called chief barber, was in very poor circumstances', and her' child, the p'rosent Mrs. Brandon, port of the time in the workhouse. At last after seven 'years silonco he wrote to her, giving her certain directions as to her. conduct, : and .offering assistance, and she wrote back a.cnriously pathetic loiter, announcing that she had mar ried again to a 'comfortable man,' who is 'doatingly'fond of the children,' very gently pointing out ? that the assistance'' proffered would have been, very .wolcomo twp'years previously, and simply, but- uncomplainingly detailing the straits to which they hnd been rodncod. At the end of the letter is an nd dendum in 'a child's .band :— 'My'doar Father, -^-Tliis is 16V show you, my handwriting. I shnll write belter in my noxt letter., Kiss this for me. — Mary Ann Quigley.' Theso few lines Mrs. Brandon swore had been writ ten by herself when a child. Dorussot, or Qnigley, seems to have agreed to' an arrangor mont, and to hnva brought out his brother nnd son, who by his influence,; got on very well in Lucknow. , Mr. Brandon, also, was in a somewhat similar position to Durusset, nnd seems to have come home to England with him nnd been introduced to his daugh ter, now a young lady at a boarding school known as Mary Ann . Dernsset. Derussot followed his wife's example, and also married again, a young wifo ; and Brandon subse quently -married ftlnry Ann Dorussot,- finding out after his I'tnhrringe that her real name was Qniu-ley, .and- that her mother was Btill alivo. .Dorusset's second wife's rolativesalso pot on tho scent of this affair, nud ho, who hnd by this time spoilt nonrly all the money brought away by him from India, emigrutod to Now Zoiilnnd to escape n;i action / for bigamy. The son, raennwhile, had boon in business in Cawnpnre, and nt tho outbreak of the mutiny was killei with his. whole family in the torriblo massacre nt that place. Bran, don and Dorusset went out to India, claimed, and got n sum of money as compensation, and roturned to the colonies, where Dorusset, after buying this land, died in comparative poverty. This strange story, which the At. torney-Genoral chnrnctorised as a cross be tween the 'Arabian Nights' and the London Journal, was substantiated to the satisfaction of the Court and jury, nnd the plaintiffs won the enso, and with it some very valuable pro perty in tho chief streot of Rockhnmpton. A YouTUPuri Couple.— Tho Ballarat Courier gives tho following as , an instance of Vic torian precocity : — ' A couple, whose united ages only reach twonty-soven yenrs— the male- fourteen, and tho female thirteen— waited on one of bur ministers of religion, nnd preferred a request to be married. The clergymnh first expressed his astonishment at two such youngsters seeking so formidable a connection, and then told them that without papn's consent the wish could not be com plied with. This passport to : matrimony not having been obtained, . the youthfnl pair were compelled to retire without having had their wish gratified. It; is how understood, however, that the mnrriage will take place.' The Vallejo Becorder says '?? — It is Bur prising what risks men will attempt to secure liberty, aud what dangers they will confront to gain freedom while nnder the arm of the law. On Sunday evening as Sheriff Hobbs was taking the prisoner William Wills to Pairfield to await tho action of the Grand Jury, handcuffed ns he was, ho mado a doa pernle attempt to oscape. He was sitting by tho door of the cur, tbnt every now and then opened, and watohing an opportunity shot through it like a streak, and jumped from the platform of. the car while they were running at full speed at a point near Oak Grove. The fellow landed on bis feel but was thrown heavily on his head, stun ning him so severely that' it was a few Becouds before he came to consciousness. As soon as he did ho struck out like a race jiorso ncross the low :land. As soon as he jumped the conductor. was informed, steam reversed, and brakes put on. In a few moments a party of five were running nb full speed after him, the1', Sheriff the fifth man in the race on account of his, avoirdupois. They cnught him in' about a quarter of mile nnd took him back to thev train. On being nsked what mnde him run away, he replied he ' wonld not be a sailor unless lie attemp ted to run nway.' ' '|! ' ' ? A good instance of n sharp praotjep is that of a man in Ohio, who was acquitted of mur der on a plea of insanity. -., He had scoured his Inwyers by giving them a morgago on his farm, but now repudiates the mortgnge on tho ground that he was insane when be made it, according to the showing of those same lawyers. , 'i:BAPTisil in A Ri'yten.r^During ihe tour made by? the Anglican Bishop of Gpulburn ; (says the ';'^ou?6wm''^flrajW))i'tbe- 'following incident occurred :'— rln thevraftbrndon, at : 3 p. m., i remarkable ; spectacle -was witnessed in the iinraediatoiioighbourhoodof'Oomerang. . The Bishop,.nssistod by ' the Rev. J.. G; Love, odi m'ihistered the- Bacrdmpnt; of baptisin to 'two adults,' a^ .^.bfpiherVand .'a sistisr,' in' the'Tuross: Rivbr.i,. For .some!, years', the' subjept; of their baptism has beeri under, consideration -by the successive oler'gy of the distt iofc. -'Beinpr satisi. ; fied'theywer^equalifi.eplcahdidateB, the Bishop \ consented1': to^ bnp?tiioithern.by,.iu]mer8ion.^ .lwlhgf.vas8ernUied'.pniiiHpVmBrgin of the Turpss, Riyeiyith'e service (for the ,-??, public baptism, of those; who are : of riper years'' was read,, by Me: Love and the Bishop. They: then both ; entered the river to a saffibient depth, leading the male adult by the hand;' the Bishop pror nbunced the words, '? I baptise thee in the nameof the! Father, and of the Son,- and of the Holy; Ghost ;' he was ; completely im-' mersed .-.; in the ? water. Having raised him, and 'received him1 into the congregation of Christ's flock,'- they pursued a similar course with the sister. ?' Standing on .either side, and firmly holdiug the adult rby the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water, in accordance 'with' ithe ' .alternative in the rubric of the sorvico for adult baptism — 'and then shall dip him iu''the water, or,' &o.;' It was a scene neverto be forgotteu by those who witnessed it. The spectators were some what surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into t lio deep water,; being himself considerably immersed. The novelty ? and solemnity of the occurrence' left a deep itn'i pression, and the baptized persons were much affected. - Stbanqe Flight of BiRDS.-An unusnal sight was ? witnessed, on Solnrday at Maryborough. An immense flight of birds like the swallow was observed passing over the town in the direction; nonrly duo north and south. The night must have numbered several thousands, and continued for about half an hour. They flow at a height of perhaps 300 foet,- and were evidently, making a migration towards the interior- for, tho cold season. The direction was . iu. a steady, straight line, without the slightest deviation or wavering ;? bat at in tervals- single birds,' evidently noting, in the capacity, of officorSj-would separate themselves from the maiu body, and wheeling back for n short distance, round up any stragglers. In tho rear n. single bird was flying at about double'' the height of the others;1 immediately over the last birds of tbo line, and evidently acting as a rear guard, and to give signal in enseofany danger approaching.. '. The birds were at too great a ? height for indentification (snys Iho Maryborough Advertiser ),: but their flight and shape woro very similar- to the swallow, although seemingly much larger than that bird. ; . . The. privilege of an advocate to throw mud at everybody appears . to be limited by the power of the court to commit him for corr tempt. Such at least .would nppenr to bo the argument employed in. the caso of Mr. Fau solt/a solicitor, who, for pertinaciously urg ing the claims of his client, was summarily , dealt with by llio Emerald-hill bench, and only escaped imprisonment by paying a fine. True, the offender wns only an attorney, and the presiding magistrate a justice of . the pence..' It would bo interesting to !kno\y whothor the same rule would hold good when the od'onder was n Q.C. and a judge of the Supremo Court was., on the buueh. — Atticus in the Leader.' A Victorian contemporary romarks that :— A Bimple and inojeponsive precaution againat acci dents in dosending 6r ascending tho shaft con sists in having at tho propor places, straps of leathor fnstenod to the rope ; ono of which, when .tho minor has taken his place, is secured round him under the arms. By this means, should anything happen to dislodgo tho foot, there is still a secure hold, and ho can continue his as cont or descent as though nothing had occurred. This plan wo are informed, is adopted univer sally in the mines of South America, and would bo worth trying horo whoro accidents, which could by this method be prevented, of ton occur. The new gold mining regulations adopted in Now South Wulos are thus summarised by tho Syduey Mail ; — ' ' Tho ordinary alluvial olaims ; are classed according to tho depth and difficulty of working them. ; Provision is also mado for Bluicing claims, for which under the old. rogula- : tions there wna no legislation. Tho area allotted . is half an aoro per man ; and where maohino power or capital is requirod to bo expended the area of ground granted will be in proportion to the capital invested. Tho lato system of front ago regulations has boen altered, and the area now granted is to be in proportion to tho depth and naturo of the ground to bo sunk into ; and thero hnsalso boon great extension of river and creek claims for sluicing purposes. Tho same may be said in reforonco to quartz claims under miners' rights, the area of which has been greatly extended— tho length on the base lino having boon increased, and the wing area having been also enlarged. The now regulations in roferonce to water rates .appear to bo a groat improvement, the rights, boing now moro distinctly defined. The old restrictions as to tho area and timo for which leases woro granted have been removed, and those which havo boen substituted are moro liberal. Tho rent has been reduced to £2. per acre, and the labour, conditions are not so atrin gent. ' Provision is mado for liens on shares and registration of lions, and . forfeiture is still allowed for not working . nnd for breach of tho . regulations, but thero are some restrictions put upon it. Thus, for intorost, the party gotting possession must pay for any beneficial work. Tho systom of 'jumping' is praotioally done away with. . A man must now apply to be put in possossiou of any particular claim, and tho case of ownership must.be docidod before a Commissioner boforo -any . applicant can mako good his claim to go upon a claim in reference to whioh 'jumping has hitherto' boon resorted to. Nearly all the points in regard to which ainonebnonts liavo beon made are thoso to whioh tho Goldfibkls Commission drew special atten tion ; and tho new regulations appoar. to- have boon framed in a more liberal spirit. But beforo all, tho great point in the new regulations is this : that thoy nro, applied to tho whole colony, and that no 'sooner is tho discovery of gold notified, injvny , particular instance than it at once brings tho .locality, referred to under tho operation of tho Goldfields Regulations and tho Goldfields Act, and so provonts . a,ny difficulty, snoh as that which has from time, to time oo ourred, by bringing tho Land Act into collision with that of tlie goldfields.' '? . ' Ak Artificial Leeoii.— An artifioial leech has boen invented by Mr., Froderiok Wolff, of ;N6w York. ? It consists of a dosoription oHancet, ,and aBuotion piston, tho lancet acting indopen -dently of: the piston in making its punoture,and then both tho lancet, and .piston; beingi with- : ; drawn; the body of; tbo . instrument is filled with bood. Tho instrument oporates prooisoly on tho general principlos employed by the leooh, 