Execution of Duyald. The extreme penalty of the law was carried into effect within the precincts of Brisbane Gaol, at eight o'clock on Tuesday morning, on the abpriginal named Dugald, who was condemned to death with another aboriginal named Sandy, for rape, committed between Maryborough and Gym pie. The sentence of the latter was commuted to penal servitude for life. In addition to the -officials, and about twenty aboriginal prisoners who were brought up from St. Helena to witness the execution, thero -were very few persons present.' The unfortunate tnan was attended by the Bev. T. Jones from the time of his arrival iu Brisbane, and the ministrations of the rev. gentleman resulted in a greater amount of good than could have been reasonably hoped for. Mr. Jones, with the assistance of tho reprieved Sandy, who sneaks English remarkably well, succeeded by a few simple illustrations, in conveying to the condemned man a clear idea of G-od, of the nature and effect of sin, and of a future state. The rev. gentleman was always heartily welcomed by Dugald, who joined earnestly with him in the prayers that were explained to him. Iu the eud" he was so far enlightened that Mr. Jones felt justified in biptising him; and shortly before the execution tho poor fellow gave vent to his pent feelings by crying bitterly. The only o x c u b o ho gave for the offence was that he was drunk at the time. He was quite resigned to his fate, mid after bidding farewell to his countrymen and others who were present, he walked calmly to the ecaffold, and when he saw Mr. Jones walking away, he called hiai back, and the rev. gentleman remained with him praying until the last moment. The bolt was then drawn and death was instantaneous. He was about twenty-two years of age. His remains were interred in the Church of England cemetery.—Brisbane Courier. Ghosts o n The Boad.—The following story is related in the Hat/ Standard-.—As Sir. Donohoe's mail coac't was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying " Hie, hie!'' Toung Donohoe stopped the coach, turned tho lamps round, cooeyed, looked about for half an hour, but could Bee nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was murdered by a ehepherd at the Point some twenty years ago; and our informant states that Mr. Peter llalbish, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw tho form of a man clinging to his coach wheelR, and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped thcro with cattle, at ono time saw tho figure of a man, which he bailed, but the phantom retreated towards tho river and disappeared. Says an Illinois pi_,->er :—" Durine tho cold weather of Thursday last the city editor of the Jacksonville Journal froze his cars about a foot deep. They are now to be amputated at the second joint, but his many friends will be rejoiced to know that, in spite of (ho accident, he still has an ample slock for all the purposes of his position." 