How to be Hospitablei . HOSPITALITY seems .to be an extinct virtue. Grand parties we J»av£ inplentybfall kjuds, where {hose who liave vitality sufficient .to attend- ;.the'm, and purses long enouah cto compete with thesnlgarshow attending them - may return auch hollo,w civilities^" and have it over/'-asfthey express it!""'' Have it over.!"-, there's lust the Jfljp in the ointment. ;The • ^ old-fashiianedgehuinerhbspitality was never ' " over." Nobody - wan ted jt^"oyee"i A- ; mmple.ilegant little tea., wel I -cooked, ^eU-, served, plain family'dinner, oneVfriendi was-, •always welcome to join, without a printed card ofinvitationweeksbeforehand,accompanied with a whispered," I hope to gracious they won't acceptit !" , Butthat,alas! is all in the past. Fashion' has decreed an elaborate show of food, dishes, and dress. Families pinch themselves a whole year for one grand'display, of this-kind,- in the endeavor .to compete with those whose means perhaps, may justify this barren Style of entertaining/ and where -stupefaction and a consequent lajsk of intelligent conversation are the only result, save a long bill of expense. The consequence is that people whose time is valuable and whose vitality is top . precious to expend in this way, refuse all such invitations. But the unfortunate part of it is that many of them do noc revive the old simple hospitalityand when expostulated with upon not setting a better example, only reply, that the prevailing taste for show haB so vitiated everything that there are few who care to go where it is not the order of the entertainment. Now we don't believe this. We: have too often heard sensible, cultivated, and refined men and women deplore it, to credit thiB idea. But they are in the maelstrom; Mrs. So-and-So is a particular friend, and "she thinks she must go through this vulgar parade," or " they tfoink, every time that they accept, they-never will do it again, even for her," &c.; Now it isn't that there are "few who don't like it" but it is true that there are few who have the independence to inauguratea different state of things —to be truly hospitable without excqss of upholstery, or gastronomy, or fine millinery. To my mind there is something better than sitting hours to see servants dexterously place and take away dishes. One sees that at home in lesser degree, and with less waste of time. One cannot converse with one's hostess there, and she will not answer at random because her mind is occupied with processions of biirds and sugar and wineB. Little children's faces, like flowers, are there, in place of a stiff bouquet offlowers and silver pyramids obscuring one's vis-a-vis. There is a home flavor which puts the most modest guest at ease, and permits him or her to bring forth something in the way of conversation that is not the inflamed product of half a dozen kinds of wine—something to remember and think of afterwards with pleasure, instead of blushing next day to associate with the speaker. I. say there are people, and the best kind of people too, who much prefer this style of entertainment; but they should not rest there. They should inaugurate something better in their place, instead only of retiring in disgust under the shelter of their own roofs, and living only for their own family circles. They owe a duty also to society, and it should be paid by setting a sensible example of old-fashioned simplicity in hospitality, which in time may reform this matter. People who value their brains want them in decent condition for the next morning, and the morning after that, and cannot afford to waste them in this manner. It is a matter of pounds and pence with them, I'd have you to know, as well as a matter of taste; If indeed I may be pardoned for putting forward an idea'so practical. They wish to retire early,for one thing; they prefer out-door air for another, when they are off duty wi th the pen, instead of that of a close, stifled room, and the spectacle of feeding and drinking till sense and wit give out. This is plain talking, but it won't hurt you, my friends, to have a little occasionally.—FANNY FERN. ? BASTMIC nr A ErvER.—During the tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn (says the Goulburn Herald,) the following incident-occurred:—In the afternoon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighborhood of Coinerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross Biver. For-some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the " public baptism-of such as are of riper years' was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by tho hand ; the Bishop pronounced the words, " I baptise thee in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," and he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and " received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding tbe adult by the hand, they dipped tho subject entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of tho service for adult baptism—" and then Bhall dip him in the water, or, &c.;" It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to Bee the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of tbe occurrence left a deep impression, and tbe baptized persouB were much affected. REFSESOINO INNOCENCE.—A certain fashionable lady, whose lovely daughters were regarded as the moBt -elegant belles of the season, having become disgusted with the arrogance, lies, neglect, and passive insolence of her upper footman, suddenly discharged the powdered personage, and imported a man from the country, who had been strongly recommended to her for bis attention and respectful behavior and invariable truthfulness. On the third day of his inauguration, the poet Moore, who was very iutimate with the family, made a "call" some quarter of an hourlater than his dining intention warranted. " Are Lady B and the Misses B at homeP'' inquired Moore. The new footman from the country eyed the poet with a scrutinisinggare, then looked behind apprehensively. The question being repeated, he took a step forward, and replied, in a Huppressed tone, " told uie to Buy that they ' were out; but they're iu. They're gone up- i utaira to strip for dinner." ? 