REVIEW. Sut?ethln DI)nnA as, by Ohurioes F. Taylor, Mael bourne. T lB above modest title introduces us to the poem composod for the last Shakespearo scholarship exami nation at the Alolbourno University; and as it .was sueccseful in boaring off the palm, the author, Mr. Charles F. Taylor, BIA. and barrister-at-law,' has given it to the world to bhe tried in the furnaoe of publlo opinion and critioism. After a careful survey, we are glad MAr. Taylor has takeon this stop, and all the more so asloo we fool sure it is one he will never regret. To say the poem wore faultless were absurd; nay; the writer has faults, and grave ones, which he will do well to avoid; but we rooogniao at once the ring of true metal, however defaced; and making allowances for a proscribed subjoot (and n froquently "a twice-told tale,") added to an unusually dilloult tlouglh elegant stanza, we say Mir. Taylor has done well, and more than well. 1Wo are as surprised as delighted withi the whole worlr, which in no part desooends to medi ocrity, and frequently rises into genius. The task of selection is consoequently diffloult; bat the following is very fine :- \- Anw now behold A mist of blending colors Od enfold lThe palme.old mountalos to thle very shore, Whoree tle t onrualo, glassy waters mould A now creation In their depthl s that bora Toe sAlf.sano roseate tint which leavean and nature wore. And we can almost fancy that tho present laurcato himself would not be ashamed to aoknowledgo the following: As after weary rloihneso' long travail, The first blest straimso oflohenly choers beguile - rPho face to lose lts look of agony, And meeot deatlh's freedom wth a peaceful smillo. Mr. Taylor's forte is metaphor, in which he revoln almost to 'extravaganceo. owovor, some of bhis similes are so fine that we can excuse their profusion. For instanco- A --- Ti moonbenms through the forest stir,, An If the ghost of the loporled day IHad stolen from his western sepulchre, The following is not so olear : There came a soft voice to her, as a bell SComes to the stormtoessot tIrough tilhe night.torm's shroud, But" : A sihore whosoa waist STheo amorous see with azure-clothed arm SClasped as in oostaocy, could sareooly be better; and .? hoeao bravo days which now but last L ke fadlng plilurOs on tlme's orumbling wall, Dim in thie narrowing gallery of theo past, Uh authorl begins by ohoosing one of.the four soasonsto " load him in his task of loveo;" and ox amining them nll, choosos summer as most appro priate in the following striking invocation 1 SCome toen, bright asmmerl tileno shall bh Io thasi S ia taech my muse love's mtony prissling wabve I Thou wilaon dreamy pleasura lov'st to bask On bahks where opnilng roses kiss the rays ll"lobl steal elihln and nestle 'mll the maoa Of blushing potals. Compthoolttil arrayed 'In getly.tted o werSi e lri como wlt o linmouys Of eo roae shepserds I oomae with nil, fair masid hiabloh broethes thloJoys ollove that oveor, never radOe Wingi lthos, thy flight, tllou srllt uneonnaoud, To tOge, or spae, or hltsrd necessity I lreo as to air, tlfettereA as tile oledo , Bing of.tothso shores wl stnll atil bov te sea f01 eali oblivion risea slo he n Illstory Seateod steure above thre waove of time S.: lgs siren-ilts witt lurtli g1 melode r. Iron thoy'lavo fallen, whlom her lay subilho loth charmoed to saai fame's pllt tlhrough feoar, and toll, snd crime ln Mr, Taylor has one fault; but It ls a gOod oio, "Ho errs in oerctly, the opposlto direction to Ar, : ?bort Drowning, Tile lattlor is famous for the Stroubhlo be tabes to maltohls meaning 'ns obscure 'es possiblo by the extreome pasolty, of his .words, "Mr. Taylor on the oter:hisr d -Is rather leoo careol to maion hi manoting tnmlslakable, and conseiquently s'" ometImoes uses two lines ewhore one would sufIloo. SIutof the two faults,' glvo'e tautology before am ' blguity any day. Of Air, Browning's now poem i'lllnoilt the Fair, tle Athonmum .says:--"tse: hundred and thlrlty-to taniune form scarcely more and esrooly loes,of a puzclo thon Sordello itself, SWlen'acoh has boon roesd markeod, andrdligoeod ,'s. homo hundrod and thirty-two times-more or leons - r'! "thon possibly Ita full relation to ito hundred-aed-no a S:lslors may become oore aplront; sind' thornbhy the ,;,one, and great moaning ousto whola poiece beoomo a":'?ppsirnnt,'. Such aroninrla will never he madiof Mr,' '.iyloi, who, if he fulfils the promise of lutura great n '',Donss:whllh thoe' verses affords, will he heard ofr yot 'bepyond Illaeooitinontinn d thishomlisphoro, Saho Univorslty of Mlolbourneo may be proud of the ahhilvment of its polosnr for so relooletd light shines on it':ttrollsgh'thits worjr, tho onreful poleish.snd n:ologant:diotlon of whilch er romnrltablo'n nd are i s imattrs always gaieod by' callutre, iowever truoe it he .tiisst'"'povniasisooflii' ssossjfli5". We heartily ahls theo .yoang poet sadbpse In ths path in whlich he has made 0aaseiucssful Is dlebIt. 