RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC, Church of England, SCHOOL CHURCH, LEFEVRE'S PENINSULA. It is ratner more than 12 months since a preliminary meeting was held on Lefevre's Peninsula to discuss the desirability of erecting an Episcopalian place of worship in that rapidly increasing neighbourhood. The Rev. S. Green, of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, had some, time before inaugurated a Sabbath-school in a build- ing used as a day- school, and the number of children attending warranted the belief that a sufficiently large congregation would be found to justify tho erection of a suitable struc- ture. About the same time Mr. Green also established a day- school in connection with the Church, and it was thought that a place might be built which would serve the purposes of both. Accordingly a Committee was appointed to collect subscriptions, and an eligible site having been obtained at the bend of the road to the Semaphore, Mr. E. J. Woods was commissioned to prepare a design. The tender of Mr. J. Williams was accepted for £430, aud the result has been the rearing of a neat structure. It is of Dry Creek stone, with cement dressings, and measures 40 feet x 22 feet exclusive of the chancel, which is 15 x 14. The roof is iron, and on each gable is an ornamental cross. The school chapel has an entrance porch in front. The interior is neatly finished, having an open roof, the timbers and lining of which are varnished. In the chancel is a circular window of stained glass, which has a pleasing effect. The work has been carried out in a manner which does credit alike to the builder and architect. The opening service and dedication took place on Thursday afternoon, January 11, when there was a large attendance. The Bishop and the following clergymen took part in the proceedings :— Dean Russell, Archdeacon Maryatt, Canon Dovo, and the Revs. C. W. Morse, E. Jenkins, and J. Pollitt A procession led by the Rev. S. Green was formed at the building hitherto used for the school, and con- sisted of the Sabbath scholars with banners, the teachers, the choir in surplices, the ministers, and the Bishop. These walked to the church singing a processional hymn. At the porch the children opened out, and the clergy and choiristers walked to the chancel, and on the hymn being concluded the Rev. S. Green conducted choral evensong to the end of the Third Collect, Mrs. T. Newman presiding at the harmonium. Psalms viii., cxix., 1 to 17, and cxvii. were chanted, and the Rev. Mr. Morse and Canon Dove read the Lessons. The 64th Hymn was then sung, after which the Bishop repeated the Lord's Prayer, and intoned the following, the choir chanting the replies : — V. Our help is in the name of the Lord. R. Who hath made heaven and earth. V. O God, make speed to save us. R. O Lord, make haste to help us, V. Teach me, O Lord, the way of Thy statutes. R. And I shall keep it unto the end. V. Give me understanding, and I shall keep Thy law. It: Yea, I shall keep it with my whole hoart. V. Lord, hear our prayer. R. Aud let our cry come unto Thee. The BiSHOP then offered prayer as follows:— Almighty and Merciful God, graciously bow down Thine ear to the petitions of Thy humble servants, hallow with the might of Thy blessing this schoolhouse, erected for the instruction of Thy children, and vouchsafe the gift of Thy grace to all who come to learn within it, that they may grow up in Thy faith and fear, and obtain remission of all their sins, through JeBss Christ our Lord. Amen. O God, the Holy Ghost, pour down, we pray Thee, Thy mercy upon Thy pastors and teachers, who shall minister in this place, that they may be blessed and hallowed by Thy presence, and that the fulness of Thy sevenfold gifts may rest upon all Thy children, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. After the 363rd Hymn had been sung, His Lordship addressed the congregation. He alluded to the importance of children being educated with a knowledge in the great truths contained in tbe Scriptures, and the duty of parents to train them to a knowledge of their duty to God and to their neighbour. He re- marked that lives must be a failure which were not in preparation for eternity, and it was necessary that religion and education should go hand in hand. He rejoiced that a building had been completed in which instruction would be offered to children, and that on the Lord's Day an opportunity would be afforded so that the community might be brought together to hear the Word of God. In the education the greatest care would be exercised to prevent giving offence to those who could not see with them eye to eye. He prayed that the blessing of God might rest upon the building and all assembled therein. *rhe,SC8th. .Hymn was sung, and the Bishop ? -prooounced a benediction. The Recessional BjioenNo. 229 was sung as the congregation, ?departed. 'MYiWJGA. ; ?ifEw Church op ExGLArnVflie 30tti was a 'red-letter day at Myponga, -when Archdeacon Itfarryat, assisted by the Revs. Pollitt and. TVliller, laid the foundation-stone of an Episcopal Chinch. There was a large gathering of people from far ami near to witness the ceremony. Stirring addresses were £?iven by the ministers rained, arid the financial report^ read by the ?Rev. E. K. Miller, showed that the greater part of 'the sum. required for the erection of the edifice had been subscribed. A public tea meeting followed in a large marquee, which was -tilled three or four times ere all the visitors were satisfied. A ?musical and literary enter ment afterwards was inconveniently crowded, and many were unable to obtain : admittance. RKV. T. J. SMYTH, . M. A., AND ST. JOHN'S. On Sunday morning, the 7th January, the Rev. T. J. Smyth, M.A., commenced his ministrations in Adelaide by preaching from 1 Cor. ii. 2— 'For I am determined not to know, anything among you save Jesus Christ and Him crucified.' These words, he remarked, .were. to be the foundation of his future labours in the pastorate in which he hoped to work faithfully, and with zeal befitting his great Master's cause. After paying a graceful tribute. to the ability and goodness of the kte pastor^ the Rev. -D. J. H. Ibbetson, and expressing pleasure at seeing the congre 1 gntion still united, he spoko of the responsi bilities of a -pastor's lifej the duty to keep the Saviour anft^fHs work constantly before the congregation, Jbnd the great essential being energy in presenting Gospel truths in all their ; beautiful simplicity and grandeur. The purity «f the principles of Christianity were next dwelt upon; the evil of an immoderate yearning after earthly happiness was urged, and the necessity of true Christians -being ever ready to sacrifice their most earnest desiros when running counter to the will of God. Parents were appealed to on behalf of their families, the Saviour's words, 'Suffer little children to come unto Me,' being enlarged upon. He contended that it was never too early to inculcate Christ's principles in the minds of children who, if familiarized with the truths of the Gospel in their youth ?would reverence them in after life. The dis course was closed with an earnest exhortation in favour of practical Christianity as a labour of love and faith. Mr. Smyth has a clear utterance, his deliver}' is deliberate, and his manner is at times especially earnest and impressive. The Kev. T. J. Smyth, M.A., was presented with a purse of 50 sovs. by members of the congrega tion of Si John's 'Church, Kapunda, on the occasion of his leaving to take charge of St. . John's, Adelaide. The testimonial was handed over in the presence of numerous friends at a feathering held in a room of the Sir John Franklin Hotel. Presentation.— A few days ago a Committee of ladies waited upon Mr. J. E. Moulden and handed to him a handsome enibosed silver claret vase, on the front of which was the following inscription :— ' Presented to J. E. Moulden, Esq., by the Ladies of St. John's Church, Adelaide, as a mark of their esteem and £p*atiiude. 1st January, 1S72.' Mr. Moulden had for two years and a half, in conjunction with the late Rev. Mr. Ibbetson, and with BIr. W. S. Moore, officiated at St. John's Church, Adelaide, and St. Bartho lomew's, Norwood. Christchurch, KAruNDA.— The Rev. J. M. Donaldson, who for ten years has offi ciated at St. James's Church, Slortlake, Vic toria, has accepted charge of Christchurch, Ka punda. Prior to his departure the congregation presented an address, also a purse of sovereigns. .Referring to his arrival at his new sphere, the Herald reports: — 'The newly-appointed incumbent arrived with part of his family from Melbourne per Royal Shepherd, on' Satur- day forenoon, and came on to Kapunda the same evening. On Sunday the rev. gentle man entered on his ministerial duties, though hardly lit to do so in consequence of indis position. In the morning the sermon was based on .Paul's injunction to Timothy to * Preach the Word,' treating the subject under three heads— first, the minister's authority; second, his responsibility; and thirdly, his mission. In the evening he addressed his con gregation on the necessity at the outset of a new year of securing to themselves the protection of that God who had promised to be with them when called on to pass through sorrows and afflictions, which were ever man's portion below. Without God's protecting care they could never be truly happy here ; with it, even the sorrows that God sent would but purify them and make them the more tit not merely for the present life, but also for that which was to come. Mr. Doualdsou appears to be an earnest preacher, but owing in part to the some what defective acoustic properties of the build ing he could not be very distinctly heard.' Thanksgiving Servick.— On Thursday, Jan. 25\. an interesting service' was held at St. jtfary's Episcopal Church, South-road, to offer thanksgiving for harvest. There was a crowded attendance, including many visitors from town. The church was tastefully decorated with wheat, fruit, olives,. flowers, wool, crosses of corn, and tioral texts, and presented an appearance appro priate to the occasion. The full choral service ?was performed with powerful and pleasing effect, the local choir beiug supplemented by that of St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, under the leader ship of Mr. Oughton. There were present among the clergy the Dean of Adelaide, Canon Dove, and the Revs. T. Field, S. Green, and Hartley Williams, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Dove. CnuRcii of Rome. More Clerical Changes.— The' Ivisk Harp understands that the Rev. Charles Van der Hoyden has been removed from Marrabel and ordered to Penola, and that his place will be supplied by the Rev. Michael Kennedy, assisted by the Rev. P. Moore, late of Castlemaine, Vic toria; the Rev. Michael O'Connor is to be removed from Penola to the Port Adelaide mission, which, since the removal of Father Theodore Bongaerts, has been served by the Rev. P. 'Byrne, who arrived in the colony a few months ago from Allhallows' College, Dublin; the Very Rev. F. Byrne is to be removed' from Salisbury to the Port Lincoln District; the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds is to be removed from Gawler to Mount Gambter, instead of Port Lincoln as announced last week; the Very Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon is to leave Mount Gambier for the purpose of taking charge of the North Ade laide mission in room of the Rev. J. A. Nowlan, O.S.A., who has been ordered by the Provincial of the Augustinian Order to return to his monastery in Dublin; and the Rev. J. O'Sullivan, late of Mount Gambier, is to be removed from Kapunda to West-ten-ace. It is also rumoured that the Rev. Theodore Bongaerts. who was lately removed from Port Adelaide to Yorke's Peninsula, is to be again removed and sent to Mount Barker as assistant priest to the Rev Jas. Maher. The frith Harp mentions that on Tuesday, January 23, three Sisters of St. Joseph left Port Adelaide for -Queensland, and two for the Diocese of Bathurst. The Rev. J. J. Sullivan has been removed from Kapunda to S. Francis de Sales, Mount Barkev; and the JRev. P. Byrne, of Port Adelaide, ha3 been appointed one of the Professors of S.- Francis Xavier's Diocesan Seminary. Rev. C. Horan, O.S.F.— It is alleged by the Harp that this priest has been going about for some tinve- canvassing for signatures to a docu ment Purporting to be a defence of the Bishop's adiatfistration of the diocese, those applied to being expected to sign after hearing Father Horan's explanation of the contents, and with out reading the memorial. The same paper says—' It is rumoured that the rev. gentleman is about to proceed to Rome for the purpose of defending His Lordship against the charges \- contained in the memorials which have been recently dispatched to' Cardinal Barnabo.' Bishop Shiel.— It is stated that the R. C. , Bishop of Adelaide is still in delicate health at \- ; 'Willunga^ under the care of Dr. Jay, where he has had his neck lanced! Dr. Tripe, of Aldinga, ?referring t% the above, says that he has been and is still in attendance on Dr. Shiel. A later account states that the Bishop's health is slightly improved. - . . ; The Weslkyan Methodists. ! ..'. ( Chafed a* Ulooloo Gold-Field. — The * Wesleyan Chapel at Ulooloo was opened ; on Standby, December 31, when the .Rev. Mr. ' teggoc, fro© Fiji, preached twice to large con pegataoRs. On New Year's Day a large eon coilrse gathered from the- diggings and sur rounding country to manifest their appreciation of. the creature comforts provided, and show their sympathy with the effort to meet the spiritual and educational wants of the neigh bourhood. At the public meeting Mr. G. Hiles, of Muujibbie, presided, and Rev. Mr. Leggoe, Messrs. Bodinner, Belcher, and Stephens spoke. Proceeds, £36— which sum, with pre vious subscriptions, raised the total receipts for the building to £127. The chapel, which is a neat structure, as now completed and fur nished has cost about £239, exclusive of a nice harmonium, which is the result of the zealous efforts .of tfee Misses Hiles, who so much contri buted to the pleasure of the evening by their rendering of excellent music. Farewell Meeting.— An interesting gather ing of members and friends of the Wesleyan Church in the Norwood Circuit was held on Tuesday evening in the Magill Wesleyan Chapel, to take farewell of Mr. and. Mrs. Ballan tyne and family, who are' about to leave for New Zealand. After tea the Rev. T. Lloyd pre sided, aud the Rev. R. S. Casely apologized for his inability to stay, he having to conduct ser vice at Payneham. Messrs. T. Padman, H. Goss, J. B. Hack, J. Bone, N. Gault, W. Long bottom, andT. Pellew delivered short addresses, in which they expressed appreciation of and respect for Mr. and Mrs. Ballantyne, and sincere regret at their removal. The Chairman ]-resented to Mr. Ballantyne, on behalf of those present, a beautifully-bound copy of 'Smith's History of Methodism,' in 3 vols. The recipient briefly acknowledged the kind expression of respect and ^ confidence shown, spoke of liis starting business in the colony nearly '20 years ago, of the many friend ships he had formed in every part of the pro vince, of happy associations in Church life, and strong attachment to South Australia. It was only an imperative conviction that a removal to a colder climate would improve the health of Mrs. .Ballantyne and his family that induced him to go. The meeting was closed with prayer, offered for the safety of the family in voyaging to their new home. The Rev. Mk. Onions.— A Wesleyan minister of this name preached in Adelaide^ on Sunday, 31st December, he having arrived during the previous week from the eastern colonies. We understand that Mr. Onions was a student at Headingly College, and has laboured successfully in England, but has been compelled to relinquish for a time his work there on account of his health, which would not bear the strain placed upon it. Accordingly 18 months' leave of absence was granted to Mr. Onions for the purpose of enabling him to visit the colonies, where it was no doubt thought he might in some degree combine business with pleasure without doing himself injustice. On Sunday he preached— in the morn ing . at Pirie - street, and in the evening at Archer-street Chapel, North Adelaide, on both occasions being listened to with close attention. He is a fluent speaker, having a wonderful command of language, while at the same time there is sound thought evidenced by his words, and a close acquaintance with modern ideas and occurrences. We are given to under stand that the rev. gentleman wq,s popular in England both as a lecturer and preacher. Evangelical Alliance Special Pkayer Meetings. ' On Wednesday evening, January 10, a special prayer meeting was held, in connection with the Evangelical Alliance, at the Flinders-street Baptist Chapel, This was for the purpose of carrying out the arrangement of the Evangelical Alliance of Europe for a week of prayer afthe . commencement of the year, the heat of the weather at this season of the year having in duced the local Association to so far depart from the prearranged course as to convene one meeting instead of the series, hoping thereby to secure a good attendance upon that occasion. In that they were not altogether disappointed. The Flinders-street Chapel, though not crowded, was pretty well filled. On the plat form were a number of ministers, representing the Wesleyan, independent, Baptist, Presby terian, and other denominations, the general assemblage being composed in a similar way. The Rev. S. Mead, President of the Evangelical Alliance, after singing, read a portion of Scrip ture from the 1st Epistle to Timothy, after which the Rev. F. W. Cox engaged in prayer, which was expressive of thanks that the various branches of God's Church were thus met together with one common object, and sought the divine blessing upon those who were seeking salvation, or were undecided, that they might be guided to a right determination. After singing another hymn Mr. James Scott engaged in prayer, and afterwards the Rev. James Jefferis offered thanks for all which has been accomplished by ministers, Sunday-schpol teachers, missionaries, and agencies, and asking that education might be promoted, and the 'knowledge of the Truth still more extended. The Rev. S. Mead said a few words, observing that not only were they gathered together repre senting most of the Churches in Adelaide, but Christians all over the globe were also assem bled to praise the same God and Heavenly Father. While there was much reason for thankfulness, his own conviction was, in looking back upon the past and earnestly forward to the future, that the progress which' Christ's Truth had made in their city and their land was not very consolatory. He should be glad if they could all thank God not only that some pro gress had been made— some souls found out the riches of Christ— but that their advance in that direction had been very marked. He wished they could think there were fewer dens of iniquity in their city, fewer temptations to sin meeting them at every corner; that the number of Christian young men as compared with non-Christian young men was larger than it was twelve months ago ; and that beyond all doubt the pro portion of Christians was much larger' that night in regard to the whole population than it was twelve months ago. They hoped they were making some advance, but he wished they had positive evidence of it. It seemed to him their duty as they were gathered together to present their prayers to God asking that he would make them all more zealous, more useful in His service during the present year than they had been in the past, so that if spared to meet together another year they might be able to speak more positively of the real power and triumphs of the Gospel, aud thank God that not one here and there, but* flocks of souls had been gathered in. Prayer was afterwards offered by the Revs. J. Henderson and A. Scales, and the proceedings closed with the benediction. On the same day (Jan. 10), a well-attended united prayer meeting in connec tion with the Evangelical Alliance was held in the schoolroom of the Kapunda Baptist Church, the local paper states. The Rev. M. Williams, B.A., who presided (the Rev. J. M. Day being at Mount Remarkable), opened the proceedings by reading a psalm, after which the Revs. Raymond, Richards, Burns, and Bandt, Messrs; Gates, Bennett, and Cameron offered prayer. Mr. Burns also gave a short address on the efficacy of prayer, whether individual or united. The meeting, which was a very agreeable one, closed at about 9.30. .. Society of Friends. On January 24; in accordance with an intima tion by advertisement Mr. J. J. Jfeave, a minister of the Society-of Friends from England, and who we understand is visiting the various colonies, conducted divine service in Archer street Wesleyan Schoolroom. The hall was well filled, a number of the general public, to whom an invitation had been given, being present, in addition to the members of the body of whom the preacher is one. There were no specialities in the service, which was conducted as is usual with the Friends. Mr. Neave's addres3 occu pied about an hour, and was a plain and earnest exposition of scriptural truth delivered in a' calm yet fluent style, calculated to carry conviction to the minds of his hearers. No text was chosen, but the subject-matter of the discourse included an appeal to the un decided to yield themselves to the influence of the Holy Spirit, an exhortation to professing Christians to follow more diligently in the steps of their Master, and to be found more abundant in self-denying labours for the advancement of His cause. Then followed .words of encouragement to those who had set their faces Zionward, and a warning to the impenitent.. At the close, . after a few minntes' silence, Mr. Neaye bade his audience farewell. A' similar meeting took place in the school, room of |he B&pti;^ Chapel in Flinders-stree^ on Thursday evening, the attendance at which was very good. ? Missionary Privations.— On January 12 a long message, dispatched from the Gums Station, on the Trans-Continental Telegiaph Line, reached the Rev. G. J. Reehner, and we give below the substance of the communication, showing as it does that great distress has biJi experienced. The sender was the Rev. Carl Schokeneche, of the Lutheran Far North Aboriginal Mission. Steps are being now taken to relieve the sufferers from their difficulties. The telegram, dated Mundownada, Gum?, Jan. 12, says:— 'About a fortnight since some places got a little rain, so that a man could drive from Dulkanina to the station, finding small claypans to water the horses en route, also on the station. The well at that time contained only two feet of water, but perhaps has not any now. In another four weeks there cannot be any feed. Two places on the road to the station keep water for the present, and at Dulkanina and Takinina the supply will last from four to six weeks if no rain comes. The people have no hope of finding permanent sweet water. Two of the females are unable to leave their beds, and an infant is not expected to live. Do what you think best for us, but be sure you lose no time. Through sickness I have not been able to send any one to the station.' The whole of the northern districts have been recently visited with abundant rain. We have received further information that the Lutheran missionaries .located in the Far North' beyond Copperamana have been driven in by the drought to JVIun dowdna Springs, about 100 miler south of their station. It is supposed that they will remain at Mundowdna until tney receive relief and directions from their Committee. Evangelical Lutheran Church.— The bell towe∧ surmounting spire in the front of this edific«have been carried to their full height of 120 feet, and the fixing of the finialon Jan. 19 was celebrated by the hoisting of flags. The spire is, as we have already noticed, of a Conti nental style, being covered externally with lead scales, the style of the design affording a plea sant contrast to other towers erected in the city, which are all white or- neatly so. The Rev. D. Badger.— The present Chair man of the Baptist Association, who has for 11 years been the pastor of the Church at Morphett Vale, lately, on his return from a visit to the South- Eastern District, resigned his position. On the evening of January 7 a meeting was held at which the resignation was very reluctantly accepted, and the people have expressed an earnest hope that their late minister's services, will be thoroughly appreciated, and his labours as successful elsewhere as they have been in the South. His intended departure is much re gretted. We learn that Mr. Badger has been engaged by the Association as an Evangelist to organize cengregations and plant churches also, where needed, to labour in strengthening 'causes' already established which have become comparatively weak. His first field of operations will be Mount Gambier, where he will probably preach for some months, after which it is bslieved that a permanent pastor will be secured to conduct the services in the chapel there. A'ged Ministers.— The sum of £500 has boon offered to the Baptist denomination by a wealthy friend to form the nucleus of a fund for the benefit of pastors who, owingto age or infirmity, are compelled to retire from active service. The conditions attached were that a like sum should be forthwith»raised by donations, and that when the affair was organized widows and orphans of deceased ministers of the body should share in the benefits conferrable. The liberal offer was at once accepted, about half the needed sum was subscribed at a meeting held to receive the proposal, and the remainder will doubtless be shortly procured. Abobigihes' Friends' Association. —The Committee of this institution have been anxious that the farming operations at Point Macleay Mission Station should show a profit, but the harvest, now uearly completed, will again dis appoint the friends of the' movement. Two months ago the appearance of the crops war ranted the expectation that there would be a large credit balance in this department. The barley, which looked as if it would yield 20 bushels per aero, was attacked by caterpillars, which destroyed quite half the crop. The wheat, like that in all the neighbouring fields, promised 10 or 12 bushels, but has been shrivelled -by the hot winds so much in some places as not to be worth reaping, and will only produce about four or five bushels per acre. The flax has suffered from the same cause— growing well for a time, then stopping, and some of it withered away, being almost worthless except that it has borne a little seed. The four natives who are farming sectious of their own near the Mission Station have the same discouragement . to bear, their crops yielding about four or five bushels of wheat and about 10 of barley to the acre. A letter has been received from Mr. Taplin in Melbourne, stating that he is nmch better, and hopes soon to return to his duties. We have no deubt he will be welcomed. Donation to the Adelaide Hospital.— We understand that Miss DaCosta, sister of the late Mr. DaCosta (an early colonist of South Australia), and' who has inherited a large portion of her brother's wealth, has authorized her attorney, Mr. John Hance, to make the liberal donation of £200 to the funds of the Adelaide Hospital. The gift will be^ most acceptable to this institution, which is now partly dependent upon voluntary contributions, instead of being, as it formerly was, exclusively supported by Government grants. It will be remembered that Mr. DaCosta liberally en dowed St. Peter's College, of this city, and the example set by himself and his sister is one that might well be followed by many to whose prosperity this colony has added so much. ? The Friendly Societies' Medical Insti tute Committee. A meeting of delegates from various branches of Friendly Societies in Adelaide, to arrange respecting a proposed Medical Institute, was held at the Norfolk Arms Hotel on Friday, January 26. Mr. John Clark presided, aud there was a large attendance. After some pre liminary business, the following report was read by the Secretary : — 'Your Committee have to report that they have had an interview with some of the principal medical men in Adelaide, and that the sum named by them as the lowest at which they could entertain the matter is considerably beyond the amount calculated upon by the originators of the scheme— viz., £1 per member per year. They have also obtained the names, addresses, ic, of the members of the various Societies; and from these a list has been pre pared by the Secretary, showing the actual number of individuals who would be connected with the Institute. This list shows that the number of members who are connected with more than one Society is not so great as was calculated upon, thus reducing in a very large measure the assumed income arising .from this source. Taking the figures thus obtained, and the sum uamed by the medical men, it appeai-s to your Cenmrittee that the lowest amount at which the Institute could be carried out would be 22s. 6d. per year, or a subscription of, say, 3d. per week per member, in addition to present contributions. Your Committee also report having prepared a draft copy of rales for the working of the proposed Institute. Seeing that the whole matter will have to be referred back to the various Lodges, Courts, &c;, your Com mittee would recommend that a meeting of all interested in the proposed Institute be held previous to the question being discussed in the various. Societies. Your Committee cannot but regret that they have been greatly hinderfd in the discharge of their duties by the apathy and evident want of interest in the movement shown by some of the Executive officers in preparing . and forwarding the returns asked for ; in proof of which they may state that two were not received until the first week in January, and one is even not yet received. 'John Clauk, Chairman. 'Charles Scrymgour, Secretary.' Mr. W. Maley proposed the adoption of the report, Mr. Hyam seconding. In the course of a long discussion it was stated that nine medical men had attended the Sub-Committee meeting personally, and three had sent letters. Some of the doctors gave valuable information, and all . expressed themselves favourable to a trial of the proposed scheme. » As regarded the number of members who belonged to more than on«Society, it was found that instead of 50 per cent . as was at first supposed;an actual examination showed only 10 per cent., and this to a large extent accounted 1 for the increase in the yearly subscription for members. On the question whether it- would be optional for members to join the Institute, it was distinctly stated that the calculations were based on the idea of this being compulsory on all members of branches connected with the Institute, whether they resided within three miles or not of the Institute building. It was explained that of the 22s, 6d. per annum, 20s. would be required for medical attendance, and the 2s. 6d. would cover the cost of medicines. After arrangements had been made for a public meeting, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. 