11SQWS LAUDS GONUmiQKItS COURT. ?Thp. Crown l*mla Commissioner held lit* usual monthly sitting on Monday lost, when tbe following soloctions were conditionally approved : — ; ' 'Sboohd- class Pastor m.. John Leone, 120 acres, parish of Ooh'am. ' Doncan M'fntyro, 500 acres, parish of Watte. . Bartholomew Brady, 80 acres, parish of Taylor. Alfred BidgootT, 140 acres. Perseverance Koad. Duncan M'lnlyre, ISOO acres, parish of Watte. A fire (says tho Ipswich Olwervtr) occurred on Thnwday lont about three o'clock which resulted in the total destruction of a large shed on the farm of Mr Edward Moore, of Warrill Crock. The shed contained about 100 bushels of com, s lorgiqnantjty of sawn timber, and other property, all of which were destroyed. Mr Moore was away from home when the fire broke out. The quantity of com husks and other inflatuaMc material immediately aronudthe shed rendered useloss any attempt to extinguish the flames. The origin of tlie fire is a mystery. It is stated that a quicksilver mine has lwon dis covered at tho Bay of Islands. The discovery was made at a place about twenty miles north of the Bay of Islands, near on old crater. Tlie explorers sank a shuft near the crater, until they came to water, and they thon carried in an open cutting from a small creek. In this they found two saud veins, each about nine incheR thick, containing mer cury in large quantities. They took out about 1( cwt. of the stuff. We f IPicfc Bay Xewt) heard rather ,i good story the other day from South Australia. Some people from Queensland were getting minors there, much to the disgntt of the South Australians, aud had succeeded in hiring a considerable number. They proposed to I 'ring the men away in a sailing craft, the -passage by such a vessel beiug only £5 per bead, whereas by steamer it would cost nearly £14-i-a considerable difference to the men, most of them with families, front whose wages the money had to be deducted, and one that would keep many from nioviiic. Accordingly, the Queensland agent deter mined to charter a craft, and proceeded to look out for one. Having selected a suitable vessel, arrange ments were licing mack to charter lier, when the agent was informed she was chartered by a well known and wealthy firm in the colony. They tried another, witji the name' result', then another imd another. Pin.iliy, in despair, they telegraphed to a distant port from Adelaide to charter a vessel lyini; there, and received a telegram, sayinn that their nffbr was accepted. Hardly, however, hail they re ceived the good news, when mother tdcprain came from the ou ncrs, stating that their acceptance was a mistake— their agent had already chartered lier to the firm liefure- inentiivicd. Iu nolessthar thirteen instances the eainv attempt was made with thv same result. At last, the Queensland nfrout met the head of the firm in the streets of Adelaide, aad, accosting j him, complained of bis action. 'You have chart ered thirteen vessels tbat wo want?' ' Yes,1' was , the answer: 'and we wi mid charter thirteen liun- ' drod rather than let you take our mrn out of the i country.' It war-, a Foolish attempt mi tho part of ' the South Australian*!. Im-coiisw we borw that our Queensland mull would have enterprise enough to ! charter ,1 vessel If re to go for thi- men ; liut the very ! folly of it shows what a spirit of jmtrintic ontoi-prise . animates the South Australians. What mi-:lit nut | Queensland do if we coulA tlcvclope the same ? j TtiroiiNo church matters the .Vorf/n't-ii Argim\ observes :— Tlie handsome manner in whidi the! 1'cr. Mr Irf-igh's parishioners n*|eui-l-?il to iiis elo- | (pieiit a]i]icai for mibscriptions to lniiM a church suuablc for the requirements of the place, plainly I shows that hitLjtto wn have never -had thu riglii |. man in thn righi pla*\ nr one who knew ao J rliftTfinglily well hmv to go .ilmut Jii-s luisiuuas in a j real workmanlike manner. The sum uulleacd fur lliu iiIhivc purpose amounts to nearly i?G50 ; and j from what may lie omsidemd a very limited body of j churchmen, is as creditable to themselves as is coin- 1 plimciitiiry to their clergyman, Such a generous j n-sponsc to the ttrgent. requirements nf clmrcli ac- : cuuunodation, taking the state of the times into ac- ' count, vi'e confess took us by Fnrprisc. Mr I/cicli 1 Ims certainly succeeded iu creating an enthnt-iasni in ! church mutters, which is certain tn tic attemtcd with the liest results ; moreover, ho is not one likely t-i let the gi'.iBS prow under his feet in imsiiing for the dejjircd object. Auntlicr Midi collection, aud we : think the new church may lie commenced. i Tnr. funeral nf the late Mr John .lolmston, ou Thursday afternoon List, is Ktatc-d by theyiiri-iiirfniirf Tiviet to have been one «f the largest that has ever tieen seen tn wend its coitriie through the (streets of Ipswich. Tliere wana large attciid.wct- of nil classes in the community, and the various public bodies in ^ the town were fully represented. The members for Tpswich, and the lions, the tywakcr ami the Attoi ? ; nuy-Oeneral were present, the latter gentleman having driven up from lSribliaun, in company with tbe Clerk of the House, specially t'i follow the re mains of Mr Johnston t» its list resting-place. The Ipswich brunch of the Queensland Hibernian Society turned out in )im.i»v, and walked in prncession im mediately behind tlie carriages containing the de ceased's family, which followed the hearse. The members wore tbe kidpc of the society, covered with crape weepens, on the left arm. A number of foot . rtaeeftiirmro mim- tu.vi. in nnipr. rutil f.llpv vtl*TP fn]. i inweil by a grc»l niany carriages, aid last of all | cume a loug array of horsemen. Many of tho places ; of business in town were closed, ill testimony of the j universal respect full- f»r the memory of the deceased. ! The Very l!cv. Dean limn dliciateil at the grave. ] With reference 1-j lho recent murder commiUcd ' at'Mcwra. Hnlennd laccy'setatiim, Arainac Creek, | Rircoo, we {Pent: Ih,wni Tthgnmt) hear that tlie j Native Mounted 1'oliee snccceilcd in tracking the \ rvboriginal, and cventualty apprehended him 18 miles from the some of the outm^e. It is reported that the murderer cndr.ivourcd tn p«capc after .ippmhcu Biou, which tjinerity ei-rt Iiim liis life, the troopers Bhnoliiif! him -lesd on the spot. The only-reason assigned by the murdered man e mate for the com mission of this cold liloodci! atrocity, is that Myers (the murdered man) had a dispute with the black fellow alwiit some r.itituis. On the morning of the day of the murder, dyers' m.itc not thinking any thing iiho-.it tho dispute, went out to work, return ? | ing in the evening, be wsis hnrrilieil at souiu; Myers' I bond nearly ecvured from the lioify, and fiis brains j scattered on tho ground. Information was nt oneo ' conveyed to the Police camp, who lost no time in pursuing the black villinn. After the darkic com- . liiittcd the lunnlcr, lie left the station, and took a j guii with iliiii. Tt i-. reported be lired tit oue of the j ft-onpero, whose life w;l-: saved t-y the bullet Etrikiuy , iiis carbine. ? ? ? | A rioiir between tlirec ;il-»irigiiial nati\TS took place (says the Q«?rii*'nn-/ Tiff*) nt the nne- mile Bridge last Monday evening, in which a I.og.in black camo off very much the worst of the lot. Mis com panions were old King Jimmy nird Kitty his gin, and tbc implements used were tuuiahauks. Old Jimmy wounded the stranger in several parts of the body, and ended by inflicting ii fracture on the skull at the back of the Lead. Kitty came in for a num ber of gashes, aud the blood fiiiin both iIowcjI very freely. Mr Menrns, of the Ipswich TInspit.il, who ] Imppcned to ride that way, gave information nf the j ftffray to Constable Stevens, who further reported it ] to Sub-Inspector Francis ; nnd a dray was procured, ' and all the blacks were taken into custody. Jimmy was lodged in the lockup, and Kitty and the stranger were taken to the hospital, the latter not Wing expectod to recover from the injuries received. Dr. ltowiands woe sent for, and the wounds wore promptly attended to. Jimmy oilcrod considerable resistance to Sub-Inspector Francis, who disarmed him of two tomahawks, and it wait with dillicully that his hands were securely made fart by baud cud's. A NUOCKiNn accident happened at Jindah Sugar Plantation in the Maryiwruugh district on Monday evening lost. A South Sea Inlander whilst engaged cleaning tbc lolleiu of thu engine, which was slowly in motion at the time working the juice, pit his arm caught in thu machinery. TTic engine was slopied a few mauietiU'«ft«r the man's shriek of ncwy wax hoard, but tlicponr fellow'* linud w.-is frifhtfully ei-usbed almost into pulp. The hand wns. afterwards amputated at the wrist. A iuhd of raving vagabond* appears to have mode a desowt upon tho mctropolii «f Kiolsod. W» Border Pol o( ..Saljinlay, putobcr 12, observes : — Tr'c would recommend ill liousclioldorH who have uut yet provided tltetiu»-lves with locks for their doors to do so without delay. For some time past there have been somo individuals going gboat who appear anxious to gsin a reputation as house breakers ; ftml they could scarcely hare chosen a, better place for their operations, us the veriest novice in the art might got a good picking here without serving an apprenticeship with Fagui and Co. : Two attempts having been made ou Mr Groom's premises ; he called attention to the fact that though we are well looked after daring tbe day, after mid night the place was loft to the tender mercies of any rufllaiis who might be urowliug about, and in con sequence of liis representation 3 night patrol of one man has been put on. On Sunday uigut a third aud successful attempt was made by opening tho win dow of a bedroom at the Inuk of Groom's hotel, from which a gold watch and chain and a purse con taining £5 10s and two nuggets of gold were taken. Encouraged by their xuccess tltcy seem to have gone the round of the town, and iu one liousu took a pair of trousers from under tlic head of a man who was using these garments an a pillow, anil oil the' same night a miner at thu .Sugarlouf was robbed of £80. Impudent Komikry.— A rciu.irkaWe audaci- 1 ous robbery wa.s -:-imuiiUed iu Melbourne 011 the morning of tlic 2iul instant, between (i and 7 u'clock. At tliut time one or two «uly risers ' living at the iiear ut the stmes nf Mu^ra LyeU and Brown, Nos. IS and 17, Swajiston -street, observed a man weniin;j«ii npvtm apd without %. coiit, working in tlic yiu-il, wiiicli opuus upyn (lie ri^bt-ol'-wiiy at tlic back of the stoic, Iwtwccii . Fliiidcrii-laiiu and Flindera-itrcet. As tlic man was in woikinK cfjslunic, aud was acting quite coolly, those who thought anything about it im ngineil that he was an t).i,]-faye of Messrs Lyell iind Brown. At about 7 o'clock Mr. Hillicr, of the hat factory near at hand, dbserved .1 fair comiilcvioncJ rather tali man leading a horse and cavl tlimugh Die niirrmv g:itc into the lane, and the clumsy iiiamicr in which the man piloted the x-chinle attracted .\f r. Ff illior's attention. Ho, however, after a mumonlaiy suspicion, saw that the back door of the store was upen, and c:inie ; to the (xiui'.lu»ioii tliat thu bl.tcksniitli had come J to shoe tlie huriivs, -m- a load was bcins sent away cm lier than a-ual, and Uiok uu iiinht'i' iiolko of the matter. A little befoit 8 o'clock the finplviic* of the firm oame to open the ulaco, Riid found that an aperture about two foot in diameter, and cnnwquoutly large enough to ad mit a man, had been made in the back door. Holes had been bored with a centrcbit, and then the wood had been knocked out. At iirst tho rnbbt.r had bureii into one loaf of the dunr, but some baps of salt on tlic inside had iiniH-ded his operations, and he had then transferred his at- I tentions to the otlifr loaf sucocstifully. Tlie | robber having got through tlic hole was easily j able to draw the boll.s aud open the dour. It j was also found that a strong spring-cart and -a \ black horse which was iu the stable had disap- j pe.ircd, and that ;t considerable qtiiuility (if valu- 1 able property had been removed from tuo store, i Jt was soon evident that the man who was seen | in tlic morning working in tfrc yard and taking ? away the cait \v-.is tlie rolilwr, and that in broad I daiii^lit, and only an hour or two bufurc the ! time for »{iniiiii; the Kt-«i.'. he had Iririicssuilthi. j horso IjeloiiRinp! tn the iirin to tlic firm's ciitl, j and hiid Inadci (In1, curt with the proper) r of I lie ; linn, and iiad -lrivnn oft' with his boi.ty in full ! view of any who happrneil t4i \ir !'iol:i:i™. I'ni [ Kibly h? hid bored the holes, rflivrivl .in c-itry, j and i-'-h'ctod' tho ;:«-rls 1 luring tin1 ni?iit, so us ; 10 have cveiything ready for I lie uioniin-,'. Tlic locks of the yard gate and liable had ijcon foived. ; Appaionlly l!ie roliiier km-w something about ? the jdai-o, as he sclented the stro;ii;est lior.se— j tine which would gu without wiukui-s— and chose j the cart to which this horse was nccnst-nued, j there bi'iii£ a choice of two horses a;j J two gu Is, ; The properly stolen included tw-.i chests nf tea; j four cases of brandy, two Ixixusof oiiud'es, llirue : biRs of flour, about 40 1b. of tubaceu, aaid a.bojc j of snap.— .If.'/'fr'. ? . i ri.i.i:i;.»i. Maiuuachk in Vci'Thhii.— Thufol- j lowing, if true, in u very sinuute cuiiiuiilunci1. It is related by the MclbourHC correspondent of t\\\t 1/iimiltiin Sfwi'ttnr: — 'A curious story (if niis!ovtiine that may iiappt-n to a woman in Vic tmi; has just bi-en tolil to me. Some six years a»-, a pretty Irish !a«s whs wooed imd won by ,iii apparently respectable engineer Ho had piopiMty and iiuiiii1)', nnd Uir some years they lived happily and lovingly tojvlhcr. She hn.l four childR'ii, and the hu^ltHiid died, lie biul kept his secret well, for not even on his death bed di'l he whisper a wonl as to the wife and baimics he had left behind iu Kngland. The pour ^'irl was surprised omc day, not lont' a'-li' tlie man's death, by the sudde.ii entrance of a stout niatmii, with 'her five iliildren, tvLopm daimed her uame and her rights. She succeeded iu establishing herwrlf, leaving the deceived second wife iu tlie pomtut circumstiinee.s. Tricnds who knew the Htory sub.--ciHied aud placed litr in a nice U-ardiiW-house, wlicru f-he maiiiltiincd lierseil'und liur cuildien uuiufortably for a couple of years. Amoligst lier boarders wns a Scotcliiimii, of the »nin; profession as lier dead husband. He married her a few mouths since, but l-y tlic Xtuthiiinlx'rliuid, u -l«y or two ago, there arrived a Reoond su inwt, in the shape uf another wife mid five children— the res|x-:i- siliililics of her second husband.' Til!-: P,i:Mvt T'-hu- ..f tlic 5th in.-.t:ilit stitcs : — ' So dry is it on the Upper Ruling, the 1'aron, and the districts snrniuiiiiin.1;, that settlers are . preparing llicre for a dvy roasoii if not for ! drought. The IJarliiis, is, at placcv cetlirT™ a ' sliglit iinvoiise iu w,iU-r, .in.4 suffii:iinl to 'taise the hopos of those inteivst^.l tint llif river will 1 become navigable (lii.-- m^is^ii. H Ii.is occurred I in ycare giinu l-y t!:il Ih'1 Diirlinj? wnjeiti have ! ilesccnded in j;;ti: ?|ii:i*ttii I---i in Dci'einl-er and 1 Jnuuaiy. Tliis n.i-i v.Iun tlic rains fell heavily i in Huuthi-rii Cjuivrisliiiiil. 1'. - un wlieucB tho j Upper Dailiii^ -M- it-= chief vaier siipj.ly. If the river sh-mld 11- it h.:v.- w;ili'r cnoii;:li for I navigable pui-porf-ii1 will cThinl-wrtli-wiiiieiif the slicej'iiMiivi^. 'h;. -v.-iJl uut In- :ii-K' to -send their wool to uwrkc-t.' How a fftsliioimbly-drySMs!- ivhiimui -!lii-ld con- i srienlioiieiyioiii i' !«st -'nnd.i-'s morning tcr- j vice (remitrks *? AlirWj.nnd thankthe Almighty | for hitviiifr 'iiisliimui' her ♦'lii-ioiv iuid-beltuid,' 1 as in the 1'mdinsof thoilsiy. 1 can't nmiorAHiiil. Fov from the depths of lu-r inteinul w«isci'-us- ness it muRt have l-ocii evolved how.inue.li itioro she wa« indebted to licrinillinor than h«r Maker forlwr outward mid vWMoiiii'iit. v ! TllH MnifjuJ .!/.?.?-'--/ ub- ervc»llin1.iUi old ' fulliiw-tiivriisBUin, iir. .lihu N..StJin»i-uibHrkoii ] upon wi tiiiderli'fcii^' «lii--h i- 111 ''V l() 1)I(1VC to ' him a \vy wuiCBssfi'l miu-thc bii'-Miess of cn vejins cippcr .''?o.-h i!ie Moiiiii. IVriy wine, I Diiuftiitl-iiiif. to tin- liiirl of sliMimi-nl at llujida- | heiz. on «??-? Uiii.iuil Kiyor. Ml. Kntllcft Miiit- I lau'l «n 1'iiday wcik. wltli live i.cv drayg -tho ; lirst'iiistiiliin-iit'iif thirty -t:ic!i drawn 'by fotlf I lio:fes. and \vilh harness aii_d eiiuiiiuientR ] throughout in iii-i-iatc. biyle. It id hU intention 1 to pi-u on wnpiy to Mr.iimiiiidi. wbeie he will ? load fur lnve;c!l. XIivolt Jjo vv.ll proceed to J Muniit I'eiry. where .constant loading of cvipper ; for his tinny tennis is gmunnti-.H!. Tin: (.loverauient of Victoria have determined upon placing the -su)u of £*hio on the rinp|ile meiiUry Estinmtes for the purjKwo «f erecting nn annexes tit South KctiKingtun, and the ConI-. inbsioners uf the International Inhibition buvc lilnccd fliciiiselves in coimiiuiiica.tion wiUi siini lar bodies in Ihc ncigliHorin? coionieH.for the purpose nf inducing them lojoin Viutoriain tfro erect irm of nn Hiinexe nt .South Kensington worthy of the uiaguitude and importance of Australia. Toe BoUarat Star sUtcs diat ' it waspcr- . K waa densely crowded on Tiiurway, September ',?? 28, when Uneh Alexander Scxitt stuped out of ti position wiiicli it had taken him tho best twenty years «f liLt life to achieve, to boctunc the associate of fclous during tbe next eight months at least,- nnd then, if lie fie leleasea 8» soon, to reconuneucc life under circutustauoes as inauspicious as bis worst enemy could well de- - . sire The lesson ufforded by bis unfeigned re- '? morse was inore valuable — ns being more deter rent firmi crime — than anything which could he learned from the cat. As was generally antici pated 011 Wednesday, tbc late accountant of tue Bank of Australasia pleaded guilty yesterday to a el targe of larccuy as a servant— namely, to converting to his own use a sum of £110 with' which lie hod debited the Tnlbot branch of the bank. This was proved by the manager of tlie Rillnrat branch (vvIjo burnt into teaia and sobbed audibly whilst giving his\;vtdi'iice), fay ' the paying teller at liailarat, mid by the agent 11c 'i'ldbot. indeed there needed but little proof iu addition to tbat afforded by the appearance of Scutl, wliich wa^ sucli as to uiuve the most hardened to pity. Fruin the tiidt he seemed mixicms only for an o)inortunity of coiifessiiig his guilt and biding himself from those whom he had' long known under such widely different conditions ; and it was rather fortunate fur him that the necessary evidence whs »-? upecdily given, otherwise lie would most certainly hnve fainted ; and oven as it was, it was nut without diflicully he contrived to stand. When being sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, without-hard labor, he stiajered back against against the dock and ?miied in a winner inci t painful to ifchoUl. All this i-i wthtr easily un derstood wlicu it i-i lenienjIiL'iti? that Scott (who has as yet scarcely uvv-lied the mjiidian nf life) had diuin* some time p'ist been it-eiving ;i halary of £-100, nnd llnl. h.i.l it n-tt lieca for his crime, I11.1 woiiM within tl1^' iic-\l l'v.v davj have been appoinlcil to the jitauagership of the (See long or Itelfa.^t tiaiicli. Sci.ll should have thought of all this before, but a mining cra/o set in upon him, and Tookcys arc said to have more than all emitnW'.itfd to his ruin. Some tliere arc who tliinl: that liis preile ic-wir's gre;t it'iud luck in New /raldtid st-ioli incited liiru t« try his fortune in that line ; but one tiling ap pears certain, liis w-ial demise is uttrib'.itablcr^ a greed for gold. I'i;'hijn the ino*t cxtiaovdi nnry tiling about tin- affair U the fact that bu was niiythins rather than a fast 111.111, iiud was lately if eve*1 to Iw found in thiisu places where ltallar.it bank cleiks were v.out to cougregatc. On the. contrary, lie is said In havo been of tt rather domestic turn of mind, and to have ticen most atl'-iitivL' Id his wile. ,i.s well as to oilier le Intivcs who, we giieve to Ittaru, ware idiuost -su- tin-ly d«|M;inleiit upon him.'1 Amk-viied TKf.u. nvJfnv in* EsrnijtXD.- The Attorney fJciicrar.s liil! to aiuriid the laws relat ing to tri.il by j'iry ha* 'w»mi printed. It raises the Ftandard of qualification for buth specinland common jurors, and proposes several important modifications of the existing synleni. Tie musical number of twelve junn-.- i* to be retained only in trials fur muider, aud in those coses the jury is to be compo.'icil '!' six KpocLil and six coimnon jurors. Iu all other trials, whether criminal or civil -except in the County Court^ where the present number of five is retained— the jury will coini-t (if- only seven niciiiU-rx, of whom two inu.,1 1 »=- of the -spe.-ial class. The Attorney -dencral sin inl;s from lntroiiucing the ]H'iucipl.- of iScoltisli law. which onablus a ju y to return .: ycrdift by a i:iaj«]ity, furluMXpicssly ...iys in this liill that ''an uiianii.iiius vcrdirt hlial! always be ivi]iiin-d.'' All juiv-rs me In b1: summoned liy the -S)uiifl', and are to Itu entitled to ten day's lioiice. Common jurors ate to receive two t*lii]!ing'*, and special jurors twenty shillings, and ' 110 nirtre,' fur each cudc. The Juil^e has power to continue the triii in case of the death or ubsence from any other cause of tt ?.ucniliei1 of tlm jury : and jurymen Mil no loagcr to he consigned wl.cii they cannot agrec.to n dark nud cold room ' ivitliout meat, druik, or fire caudle li^ht e\\-ceptcd,'; in the words of the oatk which is now ailmiuistercd to that sulennt functionary, the jury bailiff. Under this bill, jurynion niny have a (ire, and they niay also I* supplied with 'refreshment:' but it is wisely provided that fur the latter they must pay them selves. Anot licrimportant alteration ts tho pro pns.il thai the juries in criminal oases shall be at libcily to leave ttic Court each night, instead of Vitiiifj piiardwl at an hotel by the .sheriffs officers. The Nil) disposes of the ''jury nf ma trons.' I'tidcithe heading— ' I H^qualiticaliou of ciiminals,' ifcc, it is uljttervcd that peisoiis who have been twice liituknijit, or have twice, compounded with their creditors, are to be dis qualified from serving. — S//dn(jf Mail. A 'Durcmoy.— Von msy remember tliat I lectured lulely for the young gentlemen of the Olnytoiiian Society. During t he afternoon of that day £ was talking with one of the young gentle men referred to, and he said he Imd an uncle who, 1 mm some cause or another, seemed to have firou n permanently bereft of all emotion. And' with tears in his eves this young man said : ' Uh ! if I cuisM only see him laugh once more. Oh ! if I could ouly sec Iriin weep.' I wa» touched. I could never withstand distress. I cuid : ' IJriuji him to my lecture. I'll start him fur you.'' 'Oh if you could but do it. If you c.inld bill do il, all our family Would bless you for ever more, fur lie is very dear to us. Oh, wy benefactor, can you make liim lau?h ? Can you briii;; .southing tears to those parched orbs t* I was profoundly moved, t said : ' My son, bring the old party round. 1 have pot some jokes in my Jcrtiiie that will make him lajigh if tliere is. any laugh iu him, and if (huy miss lire- 1 hiuw f^dl some others that'll make him cry or kill him, one 01' tbe other.'' Then the young man went ou my neck, and presently spread both hands *n my head, and loukcd up.tuwurd hcaywi, mumbling somctliiug reverently and then he went after his miclc. He placed hini ui full view, in the second row of benches, that night, and 1 began on liim. I trieil him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ! t dosed him with bad jokes, and rid dled liim with good ones ; I fired old atule jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with red ?hot new uiie6. . I wiuined up to my werk Riid a£ suiltuu him on the right and left, in front and behind ;[fiimedandchai'gcdandshnuted tilt Ivrns hoarse and sick, and frantic nnd furious — but I i.evcr moved hiui titicc : I uevcr Btaitcd a smile or a tear. Never a ghost of a smile, mid never ? II suspicion -of moisture ! I Hasiifctouildud. I closed the louturu at Ixst with oue dl«|mirina shriek- -with oue wild burst of humour— mid hurled .a joke of supernatural atrority full at him. It never plnised him ! Then 1 sat down bewildered and exluiusted. The jnx'siilcitt of tho society came up nud bathed my lietid with coll watci', and said : ' Whiil lnade you rairy on sik towards th-! last f' I fcaid, ' 1 wan trying to make that coiil'ounded old idiot laugh in tho eccond row.' Aud he said, 'Well, you were wasting time, because he is deaf mid dumb, and ' ns blind jis a badgtr.' Now wn& that any way fortJiat- old iiiau's nephew to impose on a stranger a.ud orphan like me. 1 — J/-rrt fuxiin. . ?, -?? - ? '-- ? ... ? = _ X 