\ . STi -MAllll'.S'iCATHEt)K.akIi.: :.' ' OKDINATION OF . BET.- M. o'EES*S. ' On Wednesday, mornipg^lOtb. instant, a, select congregation admitted by: ticket, in order to prevent crowding, assembled ? in St. Mary's Cathedrol, tlie Mercury snys, to witness the inipressivo ceremony of a priest's ordination.- In this colony it is a ceremony of rare occurrence, ' the last ordination being that of: Eey. M. O'Callaghan, of Longford, which took place in -St. Joseph's Church, in tho year 1855. As many of our readers, therefore, may. wish to read some descrip tion of such, a ceremony, we shall give a resume 'of what took place. At 9 o'clock the procession issued from tho sacristy, headed by crossbedrer and acolytes in cottas and purple soutanes. The clergy men present were tho Yen. Archdeacon Maruni, who assisted the Bishop duriiu? the ordination service, t]ie llev. C. P. Woods assisted the priest-elect, the Revs. Messrs. Sheey and Heuebry as chanters, Eevs.:Tliomas Kelsli aud J. Murphy as deacon -and sub-deacon, and Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor as master of ceremonies. The Rev. M. O'Rogan was vested as deacon and. carried the priest's chasu ble on his left arm. The .procession : was closed by the most Rev. Bishop Murphy in' full pontificals, who'. on: arriving at the altar immediately com: mencod mass, tho choir singing tho Kyrie. After finishing the Epistle His.Lordship was seated in a chair before the altar, and tho Archdeacon requested the Onlin audits to approach saying Acceded .qui- or- ?? dinaiidus cst ad ordiiwm Preshy/erat.us. The! candidate for tho priesthood having knelt before the Bishop, the Archdeacon, presented him to be ordained, saying: : ' Most ,Rev. Father, our Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests you to or-; dain the Deacon here present to th.e:burtlieii,' (ad onus) of the priesthood/' .ThcBjshop: (jhcii:. asked* 'Do you know him to. bb worthy i?' TorwMeh the: Archdeacon re-;, plied, ', As far as human .frailty permits ; me to'khow,; L'know and testify.'nihi to bo'; worthy for Hie burthen .of: this office.'; ,Tlid''Bishop,b'aving'.eni.d'j':-?eoi.jy?;-a/fVw1 con-' tiriued .liis. exhortation. toithQ^candidatej until the L.atanies of tliji Saints, were, sung^ during wliiclij'tlie oanjlidate was ^prpstratpi ?before thb. altar,. arid fit thp appoiute'd'time'; [received !the 'triple benediction ;fi'orii the, j ^Bishop.: - At thb end of , the!Litanies.lus.. i Lordslrip-iplaced both Iiau3s .on, the 'lieacl . iof; the candidate,, thb'.samo^ cprempny.. :boing' re.pcatecl'ib'. ' turii , by' all ,the|priests, prescnti. after : w'hicli . . the, jprayef :cbnse-,: crated by tlieaisngbs of. ages ^vas said; in-V p|lgriiig;^he ' clipicpst , blessing? jof lieavon-,', upon /;uiim'i who.' had' '?VbeoiiV called to,', sio.: rVexaltqd , an,-.! .'?office. ,.. Tliei '.-otlier',! i prescribed.. prayeV's having beeji said, 'the!, Bishop'.cbanged the' stole of ' a' .deaeon,. hitherto woru(by, the candidat'p,'tp.!that!of a priest, and also yqst'ed 'him with-.'.'tko,! chasutilby wKicli was. folde'd qin , liis ; slioul ders;till:near;thp pncl of ,.tlib . -ordinaJ;iQri,V, saying,, whilo changing tlie ^ stole, JLccipe,' .&c;, ' receive the yoke of. tlie Lord, , 'fb'y.. His, yoke is sweet.and His .burtlieii light;': And:whcn;puttiugon the chasuble, ''lye-;': ce-ivo the priestly vestment, by .wliich charity is signified ; for God is, ablo V.tpV increaseiri theo charity and. a. 'perfect' work.' The Holy Spirit was soon/ afttjr' invoiced in ,};lio hymn T'eni 'Creator Spin- , iux, wliicli : was sung with the full and! correct Roman intonation, and ,was conr ' sidered very solemn' by many, present. At the end of the first verse of.tlie.hymtt the Bishop, being seated ;bef6re tho altdr, an nointod tho hands of the candidate with the holy oil of catechumens, and then.de livered to him the chalice containing wine and water, with tho paten arid host, say ing Accipepotes'tatem,Sio., 'receive the' power of offering sacrifice to God, aud celebrating Masses both -for the living and the dead. In the .name of the Lord. Amen.' The Bishopand candidate both washed their hands, and when tho latter had, presented alighted candle to theBishop' as an ojfertor'mm Mass was continued, the whole being said in a loud voice to enable the newly ordained to say the Mass toge ther witli tbo Bishop, and after the Agnus .Dei the pax was giv.en to .liini by the: Bishop. Tho ^Communion being ended some other special prayers were said .over the newly ordained) who also made a' solemn profession of faith in reciting tlie ..Apostles Creed, after which thb Bisliop . placing both hands on., the liead of the. candidate said, Accipe spirituni sancium, &c;, ' receive the Holy Ghost, whose s'ins you shall remit shall be remitted to them, -and whose you shall retain shall bo re tained.' The chasuble was then unfolded) ? with the words, 'May the -Lord, vest thee with the stole of inpoc.ence.' The ;ordairied then promised obedience to the; Bishop and his successors, and received the acola'de from the Bishop. An exhor tation, followed by the Episcopal benedic tion and other prayers, brought thetccre mony.to a conclusion, the choir 'singing the Te Deuni, whilst the procession re turned to the sacristy, in the same order in which they had entered the-sanotuary. The high altar on this occasion was nioved out of the sanctuary, in order to give all present an opportunity of witnessing the ceremonies without any crowding or in convenience, it and was very tastqfally, decorated with evergreens and. flowers by, the Nuns of the Presentation , Convent^ 