ST. JOHN'S. COROMANDEL VALLEY. t.avtko the Foundation-Stone. On Saturday, December 21, the cerempny of laying the foundation-stone of St. John's Church, Ceromandel Valley, was performed by TV 100 'RinViman. The church, which is being built on a half acre of land presented to trustees by the South Australian Company, will occupy an exceedingly pretty site on the rise of the hill on the south side of the valley; and the new road in course of formation will pass close in front of its gates. It will be in every respect favourably situated, both as regards drainage and pic turesque aspect. It is in the parish of Mitcham (Rev. Henry Read, M.A., incum bent), and is being erected to supply a want felt in that neighbourhood by an increasing con gregation, at present averaging from 60 to 80, which has fer a considerable time past held a service every Sunday afternoon in the house of Mr. Goochjthe Rev. Henry Read, M. A., and lay readers officiating alternately. The dimensions of the church are 40 feet by 20 feet clear internal space; walls 14 feet high from floor to plates; buiit of the local sktestone, with foapstone dressings externally, including plinth, watertables, corbelled eaves, and copings. The roof will be open-timbered, the rafters covered with match boarding, and colonial slates laid on battens over the boarding. Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex of the roof. The walls will be stuccoed internally, the lower portion with Portland cement.' The windows will have zinc quarry lights glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a small porch with a bell gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be paved with black and red tiles, and will be pro vided with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision is made for building a chaucel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the building is early pointed, with single lights at the sides, and a long two-light window in front, with auatrefoil ventilator over. The amount of the contract for present portion is £525, of which £300 is already in hand. The work is being carried out by Air. D. Deans, under the superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. There was a good attendance to witness the ceremony and to partake in the service.' Among others there were the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., the Hon. R. B. Andrews, Q.C., Mrs. Andrews, and Mis3 Andrews, Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., and Mrs. Hawkes, Lieut. J. A. Fergusson, Mr. W. W. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes, and Miss Davey, and Mr. E. W. Kernot, J. P. Several ladies and gentlemen composed a choir for the occasion, a harmonium being conveniently placed, at which Mr. J. S. Proctor presided. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, attended by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryatt, M.A. (who bore the pastoral staff), and the Revs. Henry Read, M.A., T. J. Smyth, M.A., A. Honner, M.A., and W. H. Mudie, met Miss Richman, and pro ceeded with her to the shelter of an awning which had been spread ia readiness over the structure. An office suitable for the laying of a foundation-stone of a church was then performed, the proceedings opening with a hymn (No. 241, Hymns A. and M.). The Bishop delivered the exhortation and said the versieles; Archdeacon Marryatt read the lesson (Genesis xxciil, v. 10 to end), and Rev. H. Read offered prayer. At the proper time, every thing being prepared, Miss Riehjaan performed her part, formally declaring the stone to be ' well and truly laid.' Beneath the stone was placed a bottle, in which were copies of the JiegisUr and Advertiser for December 21, coins of the realm, a small sheaf of wheat, to which the words ' Peace and plenty' were attached, and a document, which Mr. Fiveash read, as follows: — ' In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The foundation-stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, was laid by Olive Richman on St Thomas's Day, December 21, A.D. 1872, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Officer Administering the Government of South Aus tralia being Sir R. D. Hanson, Kt., the Chief Justice of the Province, and in the 26th year of the consecration of Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The Rev. H. Read, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees— B. F. Lloyd, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot Committee- Rev. H. Read, M.A., J. A. Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd, A. Spence, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot, R. Burfield, and J. L. R. Fiveash. Architect— E. J. Woods. Builder D. Deans.' When the stone was laid the choir sans: ' From all that dwell beneath the skies;' and after the prayers The Bishop addressed those assembled, saying he was unwilling to part from them without uttering a few words of thankfulness and encouragement to those who had commenced and so far carried oil this work. In the course of the service the selection of Scripture which had been read struck him as being peculiarly applicable to the history and Ufa of the emigrant and colonist. The scene they read of in those ancient days showed that the Word of God applied to all times and places in the world. As the lonely emigrant, or, as he might be called, colonist Jacob with his staff in hi3 hand went to seek hia fortune in a distant land, and as he lay down to sleep in the fair plains or valleys of Canaan, God was pleased to assure him of His protecting providence, and that He would give that land to him and his descendants i* aU time to come. And the lonely traveller was amazed somewhat at the nearness of God— at finding Him in that strange place; and he realized the truth that Paul afterwards spake in the market place of Athens, that 'in Him we live and move, and have our being,' and that 'fle: is not far from any one of us.' The solitary wanderer, awakened and astounded by the pre sence of his God, exclaimed, 'God was in this place and I knew it not.' And so in the spiritual life of each emigrant, perhaps the time came when having lost the stated ordinances of his fatherland or the mother church in which he had been trained, having settled in a foreign land and lost some of those habits of devotion in ?which he had been brousht up, had, by God's mercy and some secret inspiration of his soul, been brought to feel that God was in the plac3 whereon he stood, where he slept, and where he walked, and had exclaimed, ' God was . in this place and I knew it not.' And then per chance a change had come over the spirit of the man; then the remembrance of his early nurture and admonition in the Lord had rushed into his mind, and with thankfulness to God's Provi dence for protecting him he had determined to honour that God who had been so kind, and ?had taken a vow that if God pleased to prosper him he would lay the foundation of a house of prayer and would give to the honour and glory of God one-tenth of his substance in the future, that others might be led to God, so that they 'might follow the example of Abraham, of whom God said He would command his children and hishousehold with him tokeepthewayof Jehovah. ?There was no doubt that through tine length and .breadth of this beautiful land, beautital not only in its scenic character, but also on account* -of the golden grain in which it abounded and the fruits which ripened in it, and beautiful in every sense in which God had made it— there ?was no doubt that many a man as God prospered him had thought of his home-country and his -earlier years, and had done his best to restore to himself, his children, and his household the privileges he had enjoyed in the Church of the home of his fathers. Here we were; one gene ration had nearly passed away; more than 30 years had elapsed since tho foundation of the ?colony; the land was beautiful on every side, And this site, which could not be surpassed for loveJinesain this or any other country, would be jnore beautiful still when the House of God should lie amidst the verdure of the land 'and recall men's minds to Him whose goodness they en joyed. Let them thank God that He had stirred the hearts of Bis faithful people iu those parts to raise a house for His praise and worship. He trusted that within the walls of that house would be gathered a goodly company of brethren in the Lord Jesus Christ; that it might strengthen the ties of neighbourhood, and make men seek God's presence in the house of the Lord. For, notwithstanding the diversity in the modes of worship, he did believe that all true Christians were one in the Lord Jesus Christ; and if they could not in the land of their adoption* place themselves in that portion of the visibjeChurchtowhichtheyhadbeenaccustomed, he did hope that this temple, raised as it would be and dedicated to the Church of England, might stand if not first in their affections, at least second in their feelings of devotion; and if they could not worship as they had been wont, that they might feel the words spoken there appeal to their understanding and hearts ; and that the Word might be set forth in an earnest and simple way; and that they might see that it was good to join in brotherly worship even if it were not that form in which they had been reared. He hoped it would pro?e a bond of union leading them on in the^ right' way of the simple gospel of Jesus Christ, on whose crucifixion' all their hopes were alike based. He trusted that the blessing of God would rest on the founders and helpers of the work, and that the name of God might be glorified in the attentive congregation which would attend the church. When the Bishop had finished speaking, a hymn (146 Hymns A. & M.) was sung, after which the Bishop pronounced the benediction. A collection, amounting to £13 13s. 6d., was made in aid of the building fund. The trowel with which Miss Richman spread the mortar was afterwards presented to her. It was made and given by MV. Wendfc, and of 10 guineas value. It bore the following inscription: — 'Presented to Miss Richman on laying the foundation-stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, December 21, 1872.' In the evening the workmen engaged upon the building were provided with a supper at the Belair Hotel. 