DER FREISCHUTZ. Than Weber's romantic opera of " Der Freischutz" there are few, if any, more sensational, and to place it on the stage in anything like the style the author intended is most expensive and difficult. ' In calling attention to the opera we doubted whether the stage of the Mechanics' Hall would be large enough to carry out many of the sensational scenic effects, more especially^ those in the incantation scene," but all'pre-" sent were most agreeably surprised. De ■tails were carefully attended to, and these combined served to make the whole of the Incantation scene very effective indeed. Ghosts and hobgoblins, skeletons and birds of evil omen, serpents and scorpions mov ing about, human sknlls blaring with red light, red, green and other' brilliant colored fires, beautiful scenery in the back ground, and dropping fire in the front, served to make the scene the most sensa tional and beautiful that has ever been put on the stage in this town, and those who did not go to see it have missed a great treat, and not only in the " incantation scene" was great attention paid to the scenic effect, but in every portion of the opera the mite cn scene was well adapted to the performance, and a very general wish was expressed that "Der Freischutz" should be repeated on Friday evening in stead of the "Bohemian GirL" With respect to the performer^ Miss Alice May undertook the character of Agatha, which she played with great care, hut it is one for which she is not adapted. Agatha ought lo be a sensitive, retiring girl, with a beau tifully modulated, soft, sweet voice. This Miss Alice May has not, and she is too robust; nevertheless, as before stated, she played with great care, and succeeded in gaining repeated plaudits. In " Before my eyes beheld him" she sang with taste and expression, but we did not like her modulations when she came to "Softly sighs the voice of evening." Miss Georgia Hodson's "Anne" was a clever performance, bat she also had a diffi culty to contend against; she is not mignon enough to convey a proper descrip tion of what Agatha's merry young sister was intended to have been. The greatest success of the evening was most undoubtedly Mr Kainford's Caspar. In the soliloquy " Only at the price of body and soul," he displayed an amount of tragic force for which few would have given him credit. In the incantation scene he was again very successful, and hut for his rendering of the song, " Life is darkened o'er with woe," and the justice he did the bravura, " Haste, haste, nor lose the favoring hour." i for which he was called before the curtain, one would have been disposed to think he had missed his path in life, and that as a tragedian he would have achieved thfe greatest success. Max found an able representative in Mr Armes Beaumont, whose well modulated voice was heard to great advantage in the descriptive scena, '• Ob, I can bear my fate no longer," more especially when he trilled out "Through the forest, through the meadows" we, however liked him even better in the hunter's song. Mr Lascelles played the part of Iviliau in a manner that pleased his audience and did him credit. He did not run to excess. In Kiiiau Mr Lascelles was forgotten, on a previous occasion there was too much of Mr Lascelles and too little of the character he was called upon to play, and it is to be hoped that now he has taken a turn for the better he will continue to improve. Zamielwas entrusted tp Mr W. P. Morrison, and his first sudden ap pearance as a red Safan—"it is said the devil is not so black as he is painted,"— gave those who did not know what was coming a gentle surprise. Mr Kitts was the very personiGcation of a stalwart old ranger, and the • lesser parts were suitably filled. Every chorus went beautilully, the voices blended well together in every case, and fairly filled the hall with a volume of pleasant sounds. The " Hunter's Chorns" especially went well, the refrain being nicely taken "up. The orchestra, though small, showed itself to be remarkably efficient, the playing of Mr Smith on that very difficult instrument, the piccolo, being particularly noticeable, and the overture was, as it ought to be, one of the. most enjoyable portions of the opera. This evening, " Satanella " is to be produced, and now the pnblic have had sufficient proof that no expense is being spared to produce the operas as they ought to be produced, Messrs Lyster and Co should have no further cause to complain of any want of patronage. 