TALES. TO; T H IS BITTBK END. by the AUTHOR OF " LADY AUDLEY's SEORET, " &0. Chap. XLIII. (continued). — " Yes, Bro ther, Curse with me ehat Baleful Hour." At noon on the day niter the murder. Sir Fran ale came to beg for a brief inter view with Mrs. Harorois. There was a tinv bondoir opening ont of the dress. Ing-room, a mere slip of a room, which had onoe been an oratory, bnt was now fnr. itlihed with a couple of tapestried arm chair, a writing-table in the window, and a dkJnty little bookcase. Sir Franois begged thait he might see Mrs. Haroross for a few minute in thi room. After some carrying to and fro of message by Tnlllon, and after 1 at first positively rofniing to see any one, he consented with a weary air, and rose to go to tire room where Sir Francis was waiting for her.\ "Yodftl pnt on a fresh morning dress, won't yon, ma'am?" gasped Tallinn, aghast at the idea of her mistress appearing in tumbled muslin and crashed valenoiennes, even at this jnnoture; bnt Mrs. Harcros pnt her aside impatiently, and went into the bondoir, a ghost-like figure, in limp white robes, with loose hair falling on her shoulders. Sir Franois was standing by the open win dow, darkened by olosed Venetian shatters, through whioh the summer light stole softly, tempered with shadow. "My dear Mrs. Haroross," he said gently, "wears all sosorry|for you. I have no words to express what we feel ; and werds are so Idle at such a time. But I thought it best, even at the risk of paining you, to plead for this Interview. There are some things that mast be spoken about, and that cannot be spoken of too soon." "O God!" she oried, looking at him fixedly, with despairing eyes, "you are so like him." "Good heavens 1" thought Sir Franois, "what a dolt I was to forget the likedcss I 1 ought not to have comb- near her yet awhile." Heplaoed a ohair for her by She. open window. "Lst my likeness to your lost husband constitute a olalm upon your friendship," he said, "and trust in my earnest desire, my determination, to sea justice done upon bis assassin. I want yon to help us in ibis, if yon can. Yon may bo able to fur. oish soma clue to this most mysterious grime. Had your husband any enemy ? Do yon know of any one ho oan have offended —any one desperate enough to do snoh a deed?" " No,'i.she answered, " I know of no one whom he had ever injured. I never heard that he had an enemy. Bnt I know that be had a dislike to coming to this place, and I made him come." " Ha' had a dislike to oomlng hero ?" " Ho objeoted strongly, and had good reasons Cor his objeotion, though I oannot tell them to yon. If he had trusted me In the first instance, if he had only told me the truth at onoe, we should not have oome. But I brought him hero against his will — brought him to meat hie death. " Sir Franois looked at her won'deringly, half inclined to think that her mind was wandering. "You oan give mo no due, then, dear Mrs. Haroross!" he asked gently, - " None." " Then we must work on without yonr ft help. The police have been bnsy sinoe day- I break ; they communloated with the ata- I Hons all along the lfne, and any anspiolons- | 'ooklng person will be stopped. We have | telegraphed to Sootland-yard for a conple of j deteotlve, and I have telegraphed to Ryde for Mr. Vallory. I thought you would like to have your father with you at moh a time." "My father oan do no good hero," said Augusta listlessly ; and then she went on with a sadden intensity of tone and manner " Yes, yon must find ont who murdered him. It is your duly." " My dear Mrs. Haroross, I fed that moat deeply. My friend and my guest has been foully murdered within half a mile of my booss, within the boundary wail of my home. Do yon think that I oan do less than feel myself bound to see him avenged ? " Augusta Haroross smiled— a strange bitter smile. "You have good reason to feel that," she aid. There was a short sllenoe. It was so ImpAslble to say anything of a consolatory nature— a death so sudden, so - awful— a man stricken down by an nnseen hand in the very flower and pride of his life— there leemed no room for oomfort. The oommon phrases, the pious banalities with I whioh friends try to beguile the mourner, would have been worse than idle here. As well might the oonsoler havo approaohed Cal- phnrnia while her dead Cassar still lay bundled in his bloody mantle at the base of the statue, as seek to murmur soothing sen tences to this lonely woman whom andden doom had widowed. " It is very hard to be obliged to speak of tUi, Mrs. Haroross," began Sir Franois, hesi tating a little, although he had ooma pre pared to speak of this very thing ; " bnt there is the question of the funeral to be de- cided, and very promptly. Where would jou wish yonr husband to be bnried f She gave a little ory of anguish and covered her face with her hands ; bnt after aiowminntes, replied very calmly, "In onr family vanlt at Eensal-green ; there is no other plaoe. My mother is hurled there, I hope to be bnried thero myself." "Ho has no family grave of his own— Vitb his own people, I mean— where he would have wished to lie ? " Sir Franois In quired. "No." "And you wonld not like him to be bnried at Kingsbury, where the Clevedons, except my father, are all bnried?" . "Ono, no." "That will do, dear Mrs. Haroross, I need torment you with no farther questions Mr. Vallory — yonr cousin Weston, I mean -has been most indefatigable j and I know youvrill trust him and ma with all minor details." He lingered to say a few worda in praise cl the dead man, tonohing gently on hia trial and professional valne, and the man- Mr in whioh his loss wonld bo felt, and then tagged meat earnestly, that Georgia might come to eit with the mourner. "Yon know you havo always been fond oilier," he said, "and (he is devoted to fee, and is really made 'quite miserable by your refnsal to see her. I do not Bay that ke would comfort you, bnt her company ririd be better than this awfnl solitude. Or if yon would oome to her room — that Md be better still." "You are very good; but I'd rather be wue— I'd rather be with him." This with a piteous glance toward that darkened ohamber where the dead lay. " But, dear Mrs. Hararoas, yon wonld be so mnoh better away from these rooms. There will be people coming by and by — the ooroner and others — people who mast oome. Pray be persuaded." "No," she answered doggedly ; "nothing oan make his death teem worse to me than it does now. I wonld rather stay." Sir Franois ploaded still farther, bnt in vain, and finally left her, full of pity, and painfully impressed with the futility of all endeavor to console. He went away, and in the corridor met Georgle, whom ho had soarcely seen since yesterday's luncheon. He had been np all night in oonfarence with the polioe and other looal authorities, or talking over the details of the night's tragedy with Captain Hardwood and two or three others who had oongregate d in the smoking- rocm, averse to the solitude of their own ohambere. " Poor Haroross ! the last kind of fellow you'd 'have expeoted to go off in that way," said the captain, as if Mr. Haroross had died of apoplexy. "Have yon seen her?" asked Georgie; upon whioh Sir Franois described his inter view with August. " Poor sonl O Franois, it is so dreadful for her, and it is donbly dreadful to me." They were standing in the morning.room, where they had gone while Sir Franois was telling hia story, the room in whioh she had waited for her hnsband vainly yester day evening, longing for that explanation whioh had not yet oome. "My darling," said Sir Franois tenderly, " I know it Is a hard trial for yon; bnt how much harder it mast be for her !" " O Francis, if it had been yon !" That was a position which he was hardly able - to imagine, so he only shrugged his shonlders with a melanoholy air. " And it might have been yon," Us wife went on, "it might have been yon." "Well, I really don't see how I could have been the viotim, my dear. There must have been some motive, you know, however inadequate. Poor Haroross must have done something to provoke the soonndrel's ani mosity— Bome man he had unwittingly ruined perhaps by winning a law snit against him. There are fellows oapableof brooding upon an imaginary wrong of that 'kind till they lash themselves into madnoss." " What it he were the viotim of an error, Franois? What if the murderer mistook him for yon 2" "Mistook him for me, Georgle? What are yon dreaming about ? Why ahould any body want to murder me ?" " Havo yon never done anything to pro voke any one's hate, Frank — years ago, when you wore mora rookie, perhaps, than yon are now? Is there no seoret of your past life that ooouts to yon with alarm atsuoh a time as this ? bava you nothing to fear, nothing to regret? You have eald sometimes that yon have told me all the history of your life ; but was there not one page you kept hidden, one aad dishonorable passage that you could not bear me to know ? O my dearest, be truthful to me I Nothing that yon havo done in the past, no sin of the past or of the present, could lessen my love for yon. Tell me the troth, Frank, even now, late as it is !" "Upon my word of honor, Georgle, I don't in the faintest degree nnderstand the drift of all this, I have told yon everything abont myself. I have never kept a secret from yon, either great or small." "Then you have never provoked the hatred of Riohard Redmayne ? Yon were never at Brierwood ?" "Where la Brierwood? |I don't even know that. " "O Frank, yonr faoe looks so true, and yet it was the face in the looket that man showed ma ; the faoe of his daughter's lover." " What lookist ? what daughter ? Really, Georgie, it is rather too bad to btwilder me in this way." "Mr. Redmayne aoouses you of having run away with his daughter, and he showed me a looket with your miniature." "Aoousea me of running away with hia daughter 1 And when, pray ?"_ .> "Five years ago." "And from Brierwood In Kent, Isnppose. When you ought to know that 1 was neve, in Kent at all till I oame home last year, and never had a miniature painted before that one was done for yon. Upon my honor, Georgie, onr domestic life is not likely to be very pleasant, if you are going to spring this kind of mine under my feet occasionally." For some minutes after this Sir Franois Clevedon was Inolined to be angry, and Georgie had to be apologetto, and to as sure her husband that she had never doubted - him, no, not even for a moment ; only — only she had been very unhappy, and that dreadfnl man had seemed ao positive, and to have auoh strong grounds for his ac cusation, and the miniature was the very image of her darling Frank. "It may have been poor Haroroia's pic ture," suggested Sir Franois. "Ono, it was muoh too; handsome, and much too young." "But it was painted when he was five years' younger, you see, Georgie, and it may have been a flattering llkonesa then." " It may," said Georgie donbtfully. " Bnt it was yonr faoe, looking at ma with dreamy gray eyes. O, Frank, think what I must have suffered." "Then you must have doubted me, Georgie, and that was a crime,— matri- monial high-treason. Bnt for heaven's sake, tell me all abont this man Redmayne, and his aoonsation. The olue to this mnrder may bo in that." " I ' know that he was dreadfully angry,'' answered Georgle, "and that he seemed desperate, like a man who conld do any thing." Questioned closely by her husband, Georgle described the soene in the library, repeating as faithfully as she oonld every word that had been spoken by Riohard Red . mayne. . "This wonld fairly aeoonnt for Haroroaa's objeotion to oome here ," thought Sir Franois. He kissed his wife and gave her a free pardon for that offence whioh he had oalled matrimonial high-treason. " Bnt don't do it again, Georgie. Yon might take np some other delusion, and I might not bo able to prove an alibi quite ao eaally. And now I mast go and talk to Val. lory about this business, and perhaps to Mr, Rnfnsjl the constable. " O Franois, will they hang that poor farmer f "Inevitably, I should imagine, if he shot Haroros8." "But he had been so badly treated— his daughter tempted away from him." "Granted, my dear; bnt the law does not reoognise the shooting of seducers." " O Franois, I should be so sorry if that poor man were hang. I felt for him so deeply when he told me his story, even though he was aoonsing yon." " I am sorry for him too,. Georgie. It is a bad bnsiness altogether. But 1 have only one duty in this matter, and that is to see my gnest avenged." He went down to his study, a solidly, furnished bnalneas-like apartment inanob. soure portion of the house, abutting on the offices— a room in whioh he was wont to re ceive Mr. Wort, and whioh had now been made tbe head-quarters of the committee of investigation— a room to whioh they. oonld come freely at any moment. Sir Franois found (Weston there, in thoughtful solltudei smoking a cigar by the open window, whioh, as it looked only upon the stablo-yard, had not been darkened. To him Sir Francis repeated the conversa tion reported by Georgio, particulars which were not new to this gentleman. " Yes," said Weston, throwing away the end of hia cigar, after he had smoked it ont with a meditative aspeot, "yeB," he re peated with exoeeding deliberation, "I don't think there's room for a doubt. Red- may no's the man." "But do you suppose there waa any truth in his notion about hiB daughter ?" "Unquestionably. Haroross had ipsnt a summer at Brierwood — just five years ago — and was uncommonly shy upon the sub- jeot — never would talk of it, or even teii the name of the place till it was dragged out of him. I felt very sure there was something ; but I did not know it was anything ao serious as this." Mr. Rufnell the constable oame in while they were talking, with an important air, as of a man whose genius had ooped with stu pendous difficulties, and emerged victorious from the struggle. " I think we've got a cine, Rufnell," said Sir Franois gravely. "Have yon, sir ?" aaid the constable, with a saturnine smile. "Very likely, sir; bnt I've got the man." " What, yon've fonnd out — " " I've got him, sir ; leastways I've got hia gun, whioh is pretty muoh the same thing. The man is Joseph Flood, yonr groom; and we've got as neat a chain of cironmstantial evidence agen bin! as was ever laid before a jury." 