Facetiae. Queen. Elizabeth, always- displayed her worst temper in her clothes. She was dreadfully ruffled then. An Irish editor says ho can see no earthly reason why women should not be allowed to becomo medical mon. Au old farmer said of his clergyman, whose sermons lacked point, " Ah, yes, ho's a good man, but ho will rake with tho teeth upward." Josh Billings says " Give the devil his duo reads well enough in a proverb ; but what will become of me and you if this arrangement is carried out ?" A good-natured traveller fell asleep in a train and was carried a few miles beyond his destination. " Pretty joke this, isn't it ?" said he to feilow- pasBenger, " Yes but a little to far fetched," was tho rejoinder. Josh Billings says : " There iz ono thing about a hon that looks like wisdum- they dont kackle much until after thoy have laid their oggs. Some pholks aro alwus a bragging and a caokling what they are tow do beforehand." "What is that, children?" asked a young pastor, exhibiting to his Sunday- school a magic-lantern picture of a poor sinner, clinging to the cross towering out of stormy waves in mid-ocean. " Robinson Crusoe !" was tho instant reply. A youthful lover who sang and played before his young lady's house for two mortal hours, was electri fied after a short pause by a cordial " thank you," gracefully pronounced by tho "other follow," who appeared at the window. A QUARRELSOME couplo wero discussing tho subject of epitaphs and tombstones, and the husband said, " My dear, what kind of a stono do you Buppose they will give mo when I die?" "Brimstone, my love," was tho affectionate, reply. A LITTLE girl asked her sister, "What WOB chaos that papa reads about ?" Tho elder child replied, " It is a great pilo of nothing, and no place to put it in." IT is said of tho French ladies, that their fondness for effect runs to such an excess that widows, who have lost their husbands, practise attitudes of despair beforo a looking-glsss. A TRICKY horse-jockoy in Chicago owned a noto riously vicious horse that was one day levied upon by the sheriff, and advertised to be sold for debt. "Very well," said tho jockey; " if the sheriff can sell that horso to anybody in this county, he is welcomo to do so. I've tried hard to sell him, and gavo it up long ago." CLEVER BOY.-"This is nico butter, my boy," said a 'shopkeeper to a twelve- year-old Hrchin, who had brought a pailful of that articlo to market ; " nice butter. I'll take all your mother has to sell." "I don't believe she'll sell any moro," enid the boy, 'causo I heard her say sho wouldn't havo sold that only a rat was found in tho cream, so sho didn't want to uso it herself." GHOSTLY.-"I wish I was a ghost, blamed if I don't," said a sweep, aa ho was soliloquizing in the cold tho other morning. " They goes wherever they please, toll freo. Thoy don't owo nobody nothin', and that's a comfort. Whoever heard tell of a man who had a bill against a ghost ? Nobody ! They never buy clothes and wittles, nor has to stand shivering in tho cold till Sally lets 'em in." Tho following is said to bo a copy of a will loft by a Capuchin monk, who was well known for his deoàs of charity in tho Faubourg St. Jacques, Paris: "I bequeath, first, to the Abbo Michaud, my breviary, because ho docs not know his own ; secondly, to M. Jules Favre, my frock to hido his shame ; thirdly, to M. Gambetta, my cord, which may prove useful one day round his neck ; fourthly, to Mr. Thiers, his own work, that ho may read it over again ; fifthly, to France, my wallet, becauso she may shortly have occasion for one to collect alms." Tho foregoing composed tho entiro wordly possessions of the deceased. London papers relates curious stories of the blunders made by Oxford undergraduates in tho Scripture examination which they havo to pass before taking their degrees. It is told of one that when asked who was tho first king of Israel, ho was so fortunato ai to stumble upon tho name of Saul. He saw that ho had hit tho mark, and wishing to show tho examiners how intimate his knowledgo of the Scripturo was, ho added, " Saul, also called Paul." Another was called to mention " tho two instances recorded in Scripturo of tho lower animals speaking." Tho undorgratuato thought for a moment, and replied, " Balaam's ass." "T1Ù3 ono, Sir. What is tho other ?" Undergraduate paused in earnest thought. At last a gleam of recollection lit up his face, as ho replied, " The -whnlo ! Thc whale said unto Jonah, . Almost thou persuadeet me to he a Christian;' " 