?WORTHING IN GOODWOOD WEEK. I [BY PKTEU °POS6UM.] Tris "Worthing ctation-inastcr hides himself. Tho platform is crowded with passengers,, whose patience has given way at last. They put up with half-an hour'B waiting for ihe tra'n, but now that it is nearer an hour late, they wax ferocious, and inclined to worry officiais litte rats. Porters as well as tho station- master flee before them-peeping out timidly ever and anon like rabbits from lamp-rooms and such like places bf asylum. At last the train rolls in, and the station's staff emergc3 from obscurity, and most un- blushingly makes believe that the time has been kept to a second. Chao3 has come again at Brighton. Trains roll in and tra'ns roll' out, but whence they come and whither they are going are matters to be decided by a to3s up rather than an appeal to tho authorities. The London train has started long ago. How to get to London ? A question more easily inked than answered. Some of tbo flustered officials will not condescend even to attempt to answer it. "Others mutter, "Goodwood, you know Prince of AValcs down- ipecit>1'i." Others nga'n say -" Thai's the platform for London.' AU very well, but where's the train for London ? To one who wants to get there, what satisfaction is it to be told that the Piince of Wales is at Goodwood-Ü fact of wbich he was rei y well aware before? Atlast a ticket-col- lector inquired vaguely of a guard, "A'n't they goine to send those empty carriages bick express, Jim ? " I a'n't sure-yc3,1 think so," answers Jim. " Come along, sir, and jump in to make sure," cries thc collector. A race, as if for a wager, down one platform, up another-a dash into the open outside the shed-a shove up behind from the ticket-collector-and the long 'train is rattling Londonwnrds with one pas- senger. At Three 13ridge3, a puzzled porter, from the force of habit, beginB to announce the name of thc junction, but soon desists. At lledhill a guard discovered the solitary passenger, and starts as if he had seen a ghost. " Why, where did you get 'n, S'T, and where do you think you're going to ? " he cries. " Here's one for London "Bridge," he perplexedly informs the ticket-collector at East Croydon. " "Well, tho gent can get to London Bridge, if he like3 to get out and wait for half an hour," answers the collector, " but if be chooses to go to Victoria why he can go on nt once." The choice is soon made. Utterly regardless of tho " ten miles un hour " order-boards, the train shoots Thornton Heath, Streatham Common, Kc, rushes shrieking through Clapham Junction, swerves with a jerk on to a eui ving side line, draws up on a river railway bridge whicli shivers and Bways as another train thunders past, and then crawls into huge Victoria station, where the traveller arrives an hour or two later by " express " than he ought to have reached London by ordinary train. In the even- ing London Bridge Terminus is crammed, and all the South Coast trnins aro ciosc-paeiteu jumble3 of perspiring hvjrianity. "Favonius ison every tongue, ¡for tidings of the Baron's triumph lias reached town. "Whilst the luck secured by the Prince's nomination is being discussed, a woman, just as the train moves oiT, plunges into the carriage half frantic. She wrings her hands, she weeps, she wails. Sbe has lost her little girl in thc crowd, and Bbc ia sure that her husband will kill her. But it the good woman has lost her little girl in London, why oa earth is she leaving her lost one there, and hurrying home to her husband to be killed? Nextmorning the " racy" people flock out of Worthing by road and rail, in Teils and puggcrees, flour-white .'tweed suits, tho filmiest of dust-coats, and the gayest and most gos samely of feminine attire. friday finishes off Goodwood, but in the next week the Lewes and Brighton [races come off, and.it begins with a bank holiday. On Saturday, therefore, a."ter the arrival of every train the 'bus, flys, cabs, pony-chaises, and private carriages and waggonettes dash to and from tho station like vehicles possessed by demons. No sooner is one load deposited than back tue trap j gallops for another; the broken-kneed horses stretching out ¡their necks and lrying down their ears as if they fancied themselves bloodhorses, nnd the drivers jerking themselves forward like coxswains in a boat-race. " Apartments furnished " cards are being struck wholesale. The smirking lodging-letters kave scarcely time to rub their handL. Every now and then a fly pulls up at adoor, and the passengers, too anxious to get a roof to cover them to care about scrutinising their lodgings, at once order their luggage into the house. Stupendous are the pile3 of luggage, when there are women of the pany-and fearfully and wonderfully made are the costumes therein contained. The dain- tiest silks, black velvet trimmed with ermine, salmon coloured moire antique under folds of rich black lace, white kid and satin slippers-sensible dress for tho sands ! But then these gorgeously arrayed creaiure3 don't go upon the sands ! Having come down to enjoy the sea, they keep as lar away from the sea as possible, and, which is worse, keep their children,' dressed up to match, away from it too. But the vast majority ol' the children at Worthing-the children's watering place par excellence-they are here alinojt in their thousands - are more sensibly attired, and how thoroughly the little folks enjoy themselves ! It is almost worth while coming down merely to eeo them with kilted petticoats and tucked up tromcrs, they paddle, splashing like young cart horses, in tho eea-marge and tho pools. They drive their little shrimping-neis before them, make a magnificent catch of half a dozen, and rush home breathless to their lodgings with imperative orders to the landlady to boil them directly for tea. They catch crabhins galore, and nearly enieh sand eels. "I'd got.hold of his tail-only you called out, Tilly," reproachfully exclaims little Bob. They yarn rtith the' bronzed boatmen, who pitch the li'.le boys from hand to hand like balls, but carry the little girls as tenderly as if they were made of alabaster to and from the boats, whence the youn*» tmhermen and fishorwomen returned miffed up with pride at the capture of a young flounder the size ol n crown-piece. Merrily thc little ones race along the sands, stagger and stumble through the shingle, run full butt against elderly gentlemen on the esplanade, as they fly their bird-kites and coloured air-balls which burst like st'nlit foam-bubb"es. Merrily they shriek and chuckle and shove one another as they dodge the blue- draped machine-women who look like damp Mrs. Noahs. Merrily they grin nt the jokes and antics of the Ethiopian Sercnaders. In grave bewilderment they watch the performances of the North American Indian Fire-eater, and the contortions of his mate, the posturer in fleshings, who every five minutes rushes round with a scallop-shell for contributions (the Ethiopian treasurer collects in a tambourine)-and when thc collection does not please him, pushes back the poor town children carefully, avoiding visitors' offspring-as he shouts " Clc-ar the stage ! clear the stage ! " With spades and pails thc youngsters metamorphose themselves into little navvies, or rather small Vaubans and LeBseps-constructing most imposing fortifications, cutting isthmuses, and digging miniature Suez canals. They come home draped with sea-weed and laden with pebbles, cuttlebone, and mussel and whelk-shells-or, if they have been into the country, with baskets piled high with white and pink oonvol vuluses, ragged robin, ragwort, yarrow, scabious, honeysuckle, corn-cockle, blue bottle, clover, poppies, golden shoes-and-stockings, coltsfoot, bramble blossom, whe.it, oats, thrift, anti the coral beads of the cuckoo-pint. Little Jack perched on the box seat of a goat wag- gonette and pair solemnly drives little Jill and Jem'na. "Bigger boys and girls make their progresses on-and off- donkeys-glancing somewhat enviously at fhe'r more affluent contemporaries who are taking their iidc3 abroad on the prettiest of white, grey, cream- coloured chesnut, brow.i, bay, and black ponies-attended by the most civil of riding-masters and grooms, who glance down, as if from mountain- tops, on the'r young charges-astride as they are on the tallest, strongest, most neatly currycombed of hunters and ropdsters. The youngsters, I repeat, are the sight to be seen at Worthing-wide and level as are its sands, and beautiful the thoroughly rural walks and rides around. CONFLAGRATION.-A great conflagration broke out at Scutari on July 3, in the Yénimahallé, and, tho wind being fresh, raged for nine hon rs, destroying upwards ol i ¿00 houses, all wooden ones, and occu- pied mostly by poor Armenian and Greek families. Great complaints are made, as usual, of the conduct of thc local authorities, who are said to have acted as if they thought that the fire was effecting a great pub'ic improvement in the quarter. The fire was at last arrested near thc Armenian church by pulling down a hou¿e, thc proprietor of which was paid £ GOO fer the permission to sacrifies his property. It is believed ûiat if thc same mecsure had been adopted before, thc fire might have been stopped earlier, but the owiicrs rejected'the oilers made to them. One man refused ¿200 tb allow a miserable hovel to be pulled down. As it kappened, his house escaped destruction. In cuttirg down the house already rci'trrcd to,-a Jew,.missing the timber, struck himself with bis ase; nr.d, died on the, 'spot. An officer of the ? muiiicipalitvOind his head cut open by a falling beam. The Chirket-i-IIairii, Company,' with "commendable consideration, put on an extra steamer tb convey the; burnt-out or panic-stricken fugitives to,Staniboul. ' ' 