THE V.B.C.SPRING MEETING. Bt Augdb. . The turf campaign of Viatoria will Del fairjy iopenedto-dny, when Mr. George Watson-marshal* bis forces to the poet for .theintroductory item of theV.R.C. Spring Meeting, i Never linoe 4he Derby Day has been. tocke& on-to the* spring *6&nio;* ot the leading jclflb hasJth*: MelbourneStakes been surrounded with bo; much .interest as itiis f present occaaion; and the result paf^facal^r event u regarded frith \--J*-Abs blw ^b^nd j*^k IfPPawnt fact* el severai oi tbe princtpaT Cup horses, and it is imagined thatfrom the reeq,lt * line may be drawn which • will give; an inkling aa to ;/Vwhat> fffbat'^ipr jhc more important went onjthe, TbhrwUy. c_A awtgat Jjetfreftn iHamlel* Dagwortp, »arb«U% Kingfisher, and Pyrrbua would bewelTw<*t!b BPWgrimago to ftemingtonto " ' ' " _ jlbob ^tLesMce bt isrtdbntftbe, abtMehts to wbi6h 'Mratol att Rob It #buH bO prudihtTtokefebthfe 0« intestable c ft to# heboraefn tofoa th** ddbeTlitGelOTno4att' wbrkrihob polltan, which was ran some six' wa^teofbnd bellcving'that'erace of this kind would dobimtnoreigoodihari harm, abd ntobabiysatisfy;Mr.Ue ICeetrefwIwther i btshorae is da good 'as hates'at »8ydaaftiMi ! testa may death it cXpedibnttoetartthe bcwe, with a vlewofasridhgat* correct estimate bf his ohaBcesofsueoees in the Cab. aheid aie eofce who fancy that Bagworthis inStocibie jktwny dtstan6e;from>a asilenb to three* 'Tcdnotone bf these, for I'msatufied that there arefoui or five 4n. thai Melbourne States quit* dupable of hoUHngv'tbeir owh, if the matter of conditioB ihouldnofc interfere. I'veeeen Belphngoi1 do whatDsgdfomh nader could do, once round the RwiawiokcanMe •^jaat the BaroedUtanoe as the-Melboorae Stakes; toad' ftn fterfedtly coavihoed that ■Hath letis always httywuater at even Weight* if the oondidon of the two is anything near equal: nor am I poaitive that Kingfisher is not las superior over a mile and a quarter, Pjrrhus, too, bas improved since he mat I Dagworthin the Spring Stakes at Randwick, and, what is more Important he has done much better work than Dagworth since his arrival. The latter, in the interval between Hawkesborjr and Rand wick, did the same sort of work-that he has been doing here, but only a period of three weeks intervened, while here it'is something approaching two months. Dagworth undoubtedly is a pecu liar horse' to train, and knowing that there's no man more capable. than Mr, De Mestre of- keeping an animal of bis temperament up to the mark, I have little, if any, misgiving respecting his Cap chance; but if he starts for the Melbourne Stakes, I think his success is far from a matter -of certainty. If it be true that Hamlet is not himself, then, is to effect his overthrow? BelphegOr cannot be in trim, and therefore I must fall,back upon Kingfisher. Pyrrhus, Bar belle, qr IriShKingj .between whom it would be difficult todecide, though I've d elight leaning towards the firsts named two. ..Whatever.may win, the malt cannot hat have a marked - influence npon[ the Cup betting, which has so long been paralysed iri consfequeiice of. the consistent public patronage-tfaat Dag worth has received.; Should he start, and sustain a defeat, it masti have a depressing influence upon his position the Cjttp betting, especially . if any of .the nags engaged in the big handicap should haul dotm his flag in the Melbourne Stakes. Yet, even if he should suffer an overthrow, unless he betrays a marked falling off from his Randwick form be cannot be regarded as altogether done with for the Cup; inasmuch as therein he will meet his opponents upon more favourable terms as regards weight—a more iorcible argument in favour of his prospects being-the increased distance, Dag-' worth, in my opinion,! being a far better horse over two miles than a miia and a quarter. , The Hotham Handicap is not, perhaps, one of Mr. Barnard's happiest efforts, for there is inconsistency throughout ; yet it would be difficult to select a winner from half a dozen that have been let in upon what appear to be very reasonable terms,: Commencing with Nimblefoot at 9st. is about tbe correct thing, bat I caunot understand why Kingfisher and Pyrrhns should have more than their Cop weight,I while Tne Baron and Misty Morn, horses that are equally fond of the shorter distance,! should have 41b. and 21b. respectively taken off their -backs. Misty Morn met Kingfisher! at Lannceston last year, at a stone disadvan tage, and gave-him something like a one and-twenty pounds beating, and would have repeated the dose on the following day hqd he not 'bolted; besides which, he met Valentine in the B&Uarat; Handicap, gave him lOlh., and finished in front of mm;> though, as a set-off to this, the 'Midsntnmer. Handicap, performance, wherein Misty Morn' conceded 21b. only, and was easily defeated,' can be brought forward by the Mends of Mr., Saqui's horsa to show that Sir, Barnard has handicapped the pair upon their merits.! The Count is never out of a race of this! kind with anything like 8it upon his back;, nor can Valentine be considered as harshly treated, even though Misty does meet him at a few pounds tbe best of the weights ; yet no reason can be advanced why The Baron should -have 4Lb. less than his Cap weight, ! nor can 1 understand why Julian Avenel should have 7sb 91b. in this, and 7at in tbe Four-year-old Handicap, while Benjiroo has' 68k 71b. in the one and Cat. 41b. in the other. What has Julian ever done to induce Mr., Barnard to consider him a worm horse than Benjiroo over two miles ? Sorely he doesn't take Julian Avenel's running at Sydney as a criterion, else he would never have given, him but 78b to carry in the Four-year-old Handicap; for at Randwick, when in the, humoar, he won as be liked, bat the brate, upon the second occasion, when pulling ovBr. his opponents, shut np in a most remarkable1 manner, and the fact of his being a shocking bad last was ample proof that this unsatis factory running was Ml -wrong, as will be. proved some day when his temper does not get the better of him. Foresters owner cannot complain, and if Lady Clifden be-in anything like her old form, her friends, I'm satisfied, will look upon her chanoe with favour. Poodle is a maiden, and tharefore it would be unwise to let him in betow 7sb 4lb. Early Morn, Planter, and Young Australia have Uo cause to gramUa, and-Benjiroo is so •good over this particular distance, that there's no saying what he cannot do with the lenient; impost -of 6sb 71b. to cany; and all those below him are absolutely thrown in. The Count's magnificent condition is something to be considered in connexion -with a raoe, of this description, and though he meets the •majority of bis opponents at a manifest disadvantage in the matter of weighty-I think the superiority of his condition! counterbalances this, and I therefore prefer' him to anything I see in tbe list, believing, however, .that Valentine, The Btroh, Julian Avenel, iMisty Mora, Lady .-Clifden, Benjiroo, and Planter will oloeeljr chase him'home. ; - . Forthe Msriby rnong Plate 1' have already expressed a fincy ior the flying Dagmkr,, whose doings over Randwick trere of a very high diameter; butin acmoeof this character, .where toe tomperitomAre'All new to the tori, it is exceedingly difficult-to .select a winder with amy .degree of certainty*.-the money market, in most instances; being the truest criterion of their merits, The principal share of the Dagmar investments has been acoepted by-one bookmaker from another, the taker being the lfeadmg< patron >bf the Sb, Albans stable, whore support hsskept ihe filly at half toe odds offered against the'Others/in trebleevent wagering, Dagmathas been the seleation of! th&pabiid;/toe Sylvia'odLt; -My Leah. amdrEir6man.aeteiuinK<;uot4iae-ttth6 of. the attention tfait toe hMbeistef tb"bfy Dream has. Batif anything supplants the latter in the hetttogin thepaddbek, -it will be becanse MieviSb' Albana? -partr are1 lift confident;!at dftbsy ase/the bekvyAsetel they will :pnt'down!vfUl> >oerta|ply keen toe brown fillyfirat favourite tp ttbeebdsbf toe chaptenTirhe Derby, AtAhe ton* of-wrifiag, still looks like n> rnatbhi between tholwo favourite* thepdbUc eainidnd ttetedoedrieaa for to.Wiadis<opH;>ri^m King's tuner hnd hli-friends!Secte.to fancy IhcyibateAfat better-Show of sdooeat than Jtt^hadxrt Randwick report etaMng'thet tto eonof Ate of Glnbs it f%!better fete* landjmaeh nfare active: nti starting. iLopp Garbaspoor feet havO trimhlrihimn ditto touri he triivedrt Ftemington, And .hteteokeretovoibarih some ttoBtyfato.iiiitl»,telAho*Rrt I believe, is foil of -oonfidenoa, ond.ihnafas the note as good «■ overt , s©n fiaturday lask lamp bad * brush np vrith- Horatio; and-ihfe made snoh -obort -Work of Hamlets brother as to leadl thb aped totaia to beiiqve tort to* latter can havo»o poidUeahow Of twvoniag plaoea witotofeMML fHoratto saayiwm tote 0 ldster bud. thfadcrimtetentbUfadkmbtful, nnlenttoiwotorQakrtMnieatw^wome mishap. As -kfoLto hatnofninated Patri arch for the Baudot Stakes, it would appear ,asifhe hadidetomined teyntihinimtaito three-yearpldevent, and rely solelynpon The SatoysttayriUito itartad iusdte Kate*iahd 1 suppose, if Mr. Lee elects to start his pair, that Ashworth will have the mount on PAtrigrch, ab there it no probability of Mr, Tait starting The Arrow. Tom Brown, who steered Loup Garou at Bandwick, will again cany Mr. Winch's colours, Donnelly will wear the all black, and young James Wilson will have the mount on King of the Ring. I don't know who has been engaged for Pertobe, but if Ashworthis not engaged for Patriarch.it is more than probable that Henderson will secure his services. Lang himself, I suppose, will steer Ringleader, Tom Enderson the best of Mr. Dowling's, should he have a starter, and S, Davis King of Clnbs, if he starts. The. Essendon StakeB will show us what chance The Quack has for the Melbourne Cup, as Dolphin and Emblem are almost certain to be sent to obtain something like a line. Mr. Tait'e horse enjoys the greatest share of public favour, but if Mr. Lee reserves Patriarch for this bout, I'minclined to think he'll cany the green and gold to victory. Mr. Filgate issanguine of a triumph for Dolphin, who toeatsThe Quack upon lib. better terms than in the Cap, so that if she can polish off Tbe Quock, Mr. Filgate must have a great ehotv with Contessa, who is said to; be some pounds better than her stable companion. However, as they are all moderates in this Essendon Stakes, the best of the three year iolds must have a great show, as they have .so much the best of the weights ; and I'm .quite satisfied that if anything is to upset Mr. . Tait's ■ horse it will be Patriarch. The first day's sport will be brought to a dose with the Footscray Plate, in which Hesperus will be much more at home than in the Derby. I've already voted for The Secret for the Maiden Plate, but . to-day's running will enable one to form something like a correct estimate of the capabilities of the three year olds, who will be opposed by a couple of four year oldB only, Lothair and Adeline, and of these I'd rather trust the latter ; bat we seldom see this particular, item fall to anything bat a three year old. Pyrrhus would be my selection for the Railway Stakes, were I positive that he would start jiand as ft Is within the bounds of probability that Loup Garou's feet will trouble him. after the Derby, Patriarch, Pertobe, and Blue Peter will be the best to follow in the event of the abovenamed two being absent The great "moral" follows, and so good a thing does is appear, tbat 3 to 1, and in some instances 5 to 2, is accepted readily about the favourite. These immense "pots" seldom result successfully; but we have seen Dagworth carry off the whe Metropolitan Stakes when a warm pnblic favourite at 6 to 4, and there's no reason why he should not do the same in the Melbourne Cup. Mr. De Mestre has won it more than once with horses that have stood at the top of the betting list, and no reason can be advanced why he should not repeat the trick. Mr. Tait and the St. Albans stable will probably prove his most formidable opponents ; but_Jto upset the_ Rand wick running, either The Quack or King of the Ring mast have made considerable improve ment It is just possible that Dagworth may not be quite so well as he was when he so easily disposed of the Metropolitan field, and if «o, Mr. Tait's public running points to The Quack as the next best, though I expect to see King of the Ring ran a great horse npon this occasion. On Saturday last when Dag worth went twice round the tan, the touts pronounced the performance a very slovenly one ; but I cannot forget that the same thing happened in Sydney after he had won at Hawkesbury, and it was not until he earned off the Spring Stakes that his enemies were partially satisfied. If Mr. Ryan's tramp card, The Ace, is not among the starters, it will be something in favour of Mr. De Mestre's horse, as in this Ace of Clnbs colt Dagworth would have found one of the toughest of his opponents. Everybody, I'm sate, would be pleased to see Mr. Ryan's grand bay at the post, and the owner's sympathisers can only hope that Kingfisher msy prove an efficient champion if Tiie Ace should be a non- starter. Speed has always been regarded as Kingfisher's forte, but it is now said that he has learnt how to stay, and the style in which he comes home after a gallop of a couple of miles certainly favours this idea. His performances last year were' below mediocrity until he made his appearance at Ballaratwhere he earned Sat, And won the Selling Stakes easily efiohgh, giving Detective a year and & stone. His next appearance was in the' Talbot Handicap, wherein he met Lapdojg and Valentine — the former at an advantage of 111b., and the latter at 8lb.— but neither had the ghost of a show with' him, for he won as he liked by three lengths, which he could haVe increased had he not swerved at the torn. He afterwards tried conclusions with Coutessa and Warrior, in the Canterbury Stakes, but he was never in thebnnt. He mushed third in the' Laonceston Cup, but'won' the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap by a neck, after a desperate race with Contessa; and just afterwards ran second gr the Forced Handicap. At the Adelaide eeting, bebeat Saladin, Glencoe, and several others, in the Queen's -Guineas, a mile and hi halibut has not appeared in public since. It { ^. that his victories.>aye all 1>een gained over distances naif: a mile sboirt of , t£e Cnp coarse, (and it nowremains to 'be; seen whether he can manageto get through' a' gdoff field pf horses in a xace "' ~ miles.'. My own opinion is, that fcel exceedingly dtogerons uhm heJjets i though he may straggle home about 1 Thefixat day's ^running. however, will afford one an opportunity of judging of the form of many of the Cup horaa,-aad-X shall reserve It is pleuaot^^eid, lo see Mr. Barnard bandicSp$hg iae 'hnrdl^racets lb a mfcSner rihioh muatmeet with the approbation ■of-'all men who have the interests of the turLnt heart ;. and: despite the grumblings that may tothis catoririeeffieffiytbeCbrroctoiiB, und i_ hope toju»I* continued 4nAU oases where the crack hurdtaacbwetemagsgeh^Gw^fe — aarHoea wtil' thebtwjfraHeriteprborariie «fimhh tnofiot ttabbofaeds : Witbaheavy standard; dLi^ldtakefiotewirieofcethe beat(ffJeilett^4mtta^Nldf«aveBh>waie Blb.anda'bettirig atBfeni _ 41b. less upon the Ballarat horse would havsbeen nearer the mariL, Omthe flat, Clodhopper wodtSffiB^ibetter shcntwifhhboppbo&ts; bhUthetttices.tQ jump* Je* ... _ Qtrty.Bftthkilg, "Ifid^lEenⅆ jJbtV xpe^fchatithAtwti flarkrnubs Bhrtisimk iand H cUppe** so that .1Mb WHtirfHW; she not oome tf^dtibeUeva' she would bave nearly man, Bless hsr astival at Flem ington she baa done mom than one good flung xound the training-ground, and aeehe will atrip »» weU as M*hmg in the race, I bdfci? thdb^ %haj[1»ett bet< —— jier remarks upon all, aavn, ... old Handicap and the Steeplechase, until attar the fint day's running. When the V.R.C. Stored the tune fordeolaringtiie weightafw the minor handicaps, it would hate been just aa well had they postponed the consideration of the Four-year-old Handicap until after the first day's racing. Of the nine engaged, five are in the Cap, and excepting that Mr. Barnard has taken 31b. off Hamlet's*back, they meet at the same weights as in the big event. Julian Avenel is thrown in at 7st, and I should like to know any performance of Adeline's that entitles ber to receive but lib. from this promising son of Ace of Clubs. She started several times at the last Adelaide Meeting, yet could never obtain even a place, while Julian's first appearance as a four year old resulted successfully, he' winning the Presi dent's Handicap at Randwick in a canter, with 7et 41b upon his back. "With 10lb. more upon Mr. Winch's chosnnt, the handicap would have been something like an equitable one; as it is. the race will prove an easy thing for Jnlian,'if hh cares to ran as kihftly as he did in the Four year-old Handicap at' Rand wick. Old Reindeer once more heads the list in a steeplechase, and the reappearance Of this once-renowned animal will be haiied with pleasure by all who love to see a great performer. I've seen the day wben I should care to look no farther for a winner when he headed a handicap to be rah over Flemington. to which couree he has displayed* wonderful partiality; and as his long retirement may have thoroughly renovated - his system, he may again carry the scarlet jacket to victory. Of the others, there's nothing I fancy mora than the roarer Royal Charlie, who is a grand fencer, and, moreover, is possessed of a rare dash of foot.; and next to the above two, commend me. to the Marquis of Lome. 