THE COMING COMET. M. Plant.vmour, the celebrated Professor of Astronomy nt Geneva, lrna lately discovered a new comet, which in volume far surpasses all ?;omets hitherto discovered. According to his observations and calculations, it is darting with immense velocity, proceeding in a direct line towards our globe, and will come into collision with it on tho 12th of August next. Its approach will bo rendered sensible by an extraordinary degree of heat. The catastrophe cannot possibly be avoided but by tho devia tion of the rapidly-approaching comet, pro duced by its coming within the scope of the attractive influonce of somo other heavenly body. Referring to this statement the 'Saturday Review' says : — Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming ; thnt, if it were coming, it. would be a very welcome visitor; and that we have already passed through a comet ; and found it less obnoxious than n London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they aro robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood — for even astronomers hnve been boys — snatched n fearful joy from the ghosts nnd other supernatural dangers- with which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world) Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious nwo which was nt once the charm nnd terror of hia early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station) Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a' death- dealing tail bos been weighed nnd measured, and had, as it were, a mathe matical hook put in its jaws, till his impres siveness has departed from him. - ? If we were all really convinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race nnd its dwelling-place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds) The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would en deavour to awaken the consciences of tho sinners around them ; whilst the sinners would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there was no uso in keeping a, cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Somo such tendency would, of course, be manifest ; but the question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vis inertias in our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel thnt, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employments which have become necessary parts of our existence. The great bulk of mankind would say, 'It's all very well ; wo shall not want anything more after the 12th of August ; but that is no reason why wo should nob have our regular meals nnd enjoy our newspapers at breakfast. The present very warm nnd unseasonable weather (says the Paris correspondent of the 1 Pall Mall Gazette,' February 21, apropos of the August comet) is regarded with mysterious apprehension by those credulous persons who dread the coming comet. If they were to turn to their favonrite astronomer, Arago, they would find that n long course of delicate thermometrical observations has proved the fallacy of the. earth's temperature being modi fied by the vicinity of a comet, as the calorific or luminous rnys emitted by those erratic bodies nre less intense than those which reach us from the moon. The heat of tho weather should, therefore, not ndd to the alarm nt present felt. As far as the chances of a comet striking the enrth are concerned, Arago says that on the discovery of one of those nebulous globes tho chances are 281,000,000 to 1 that it will not come into collision with us. The savant adds thnt if the enrth were dashed against and its motion in space destroyed, the consequences would be most deplorable, as everything not adhering to its surface, such as animals, water, etc., would set off from it at a velocity of twenty miles per second. Arago wns opposed to the theory that the moon is nn old comet which has moulted, and which beenmo a satellite of the earth by venturing within our attraction, but he thought it possible that an immense comet may some day pass betweon ns and the sun and carry us off to act tho part of n moon, when, instead of completing our revolution in 3C5 days, we should, if caught by such a comet ns that of 1680, take 575 years travelling ovor an elipsis of startling magnitude. 