Wb* JWorntiis Strain. MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1872. IN the last English Obituary is thc name of Mr ALB*NT FoNBLANQtm, in his earlier day¡ celebrated as a journalist, and in his later yean as an able civil servant in the statistical anc commercial department of the Board of Trade, One of his last works was to edit the Btatistica! abstract for the United Kingdom in each oí the last fifteen yearB, namely, from 1857 tc 1871\. This little manual of a hundred and twenty-two pages, everyone of which bristles with figures, gives to those who know how tc read figures aright an insight into the commerce and finance of the United Kingdom, and is there- fore an invaluable handy-hook, not only for statisticians, but for politicians. During the fifteen years thus passed under review, the progress of Great Britain has been very re- markable ; but the fact most worthy of aotice is that the advance in commerce and in wealth has'been immensely greater than the advance in population. We are often called upon to admire the progress of the United States, hut then it must be remembered that Europe is annually pouring its surplus population into that country. In England the marvel is that the industrial results have advanced so greatly, while the population has only advanced slowly-a fact due partly to free trade, but mainly to the immense addi- tion given by mechanical forces to the industry ol' man. In fifteen years the population of England and Wales has only increased from about 19} millions to 23,000,000; that of Scot- land has only increased from about 3,000,000 to 3,400,000 ; while that of Ireland has dimin- ished from 5,900,000 to 5,400,000. The total increase for »he United Kingdom for a decade and a-half has been from 28,188,280 to 31,849,921. 'lhat is to say, in round numbers, theie has been an increase of about one teventh in the fifteen years. In the colonies we should think this a wretchedly small rate of progress. Even without the assistance of immigration, we advance faster than this by natural increase. Now compare this with the increase in com- merce. The gross value of imports and exports added together was, in 1856, £311,764,507 ; in 1871 it was £612,235,869, or yery nearly double. So that while the population has increased only by one-seventh, the active busi- ness of the country has increased by very nearly cent, percent. Part of this commerce is no doubt due to the fact that Great Britain, as the chief maritime power, has a large share of the carrying power of the world. England is a central depot to which commodities are brought for sale and resale ; but it is not merely as an emporium that England has advanced. The export of produce previously imported has indeed advanced from nearly £23.000,000 to nearly £60,000,000, and this is considerably more than double ; hut at the Fame time the export of British produce has advanced from about £116,000,000 to £222,000,000. It is clear, therefore, that the producing and manufacturing power of the population per head has steadily grown-the advance being from £4 2s. lOd. per head to £7 1 Os. 3d. The importB have advanced from £172,000,000 to £330,000,000. So that more raw material is brought in for the population to work upon, and each man on the average does more work, and that, too, in spite of a considerable reduction in the hours of labour. The chipping required for the conduct of this \ast commerce has of course expanded ia somewhat similar proportions. The capacity of the- vessels employed has increased from ek ven to twenty million tons. Of all maritime nations. Great Britain is the most liberal in its policy, admitting foreign flags on equal tums. Yet this liberality has in no respect injured its maritime supremacy, and the proportion of British to foreign tonnage in Englh-h ports is as fourteen to six. It is ia the increase, however, of the steam marine that the progress is most observable. Here the tonnage has increased from two to eight mil- lions, while the proportion of British to foreign steam tonnage is an seven to one. Great Britain is at present par.excellence the country of steamfhips. That this great mercantile activity results ia an increase of wealth is proved riot only -by the abundance of capital, but by the increase in the amount of the invested capital. How much this increase is, there is no exact means of stating, feeing that a vast proportion of it is loaned to foreign and colonial Governments, or invested in foreign enterprises ; but there are some tables that indicate a steady advance in the accumulation of wealth. Thus the rail- way investments in England and Wales have increased from £263,000,000 to £440,000,000, and in Scotland, from £85,000,000 to £62,000,000; and these additional investments represent apart of the savingB of tho » wealth milking community. The only great British industry that seems to have 6uifered a definite decline is the pro duction ef copper, which has fallen, from 17,000 tons to 7000 tons. Unless fresh minea arc die covered, or deeper workings proved possible and productive, Great Britain ha« seen its best days as a copper-producing country. In all other departments of minino; there is nn advance. Thus tin has advanced from 6500 tons to 10,200 tons ; lead, from 67,000 tons to 73,000 tons; silver (from lead), from 532,000 ounces to 780,000 ounces; pigiron,from .3,600,000 tons to nearly 6,000,000 tons ; and coal, from 65,000,000 tons to 110,000,000 tons. ?< Mining as well BB manufacturing industry ; therefore haB been highly stimulated, and so far as iron is concerned, the country subsists mainly on its own resources. Whether it will be able to keep up its status in metallic manufao' turcs when it has to import all its raw material, as it has to do in the case of cotton, is a j point that yet remains tb be proved. '. Considering how the country has been agi- tated by thc recent attempt to make good the educational deficiency, it is no matter for sur-. prise that the figures relating to-this subject do not appear to be satisfactory. If tho system in force had met the popular want, there would not have been so vigorous an attempt to supplement and improve it. The national expenditure on primary edu- cation has very nearly doubled itself in the fifteen years. The number of schools has more than doubled itself, and the children in attendance are also more than double. Under the operation of the'new sys- tem the proportion of children at school is likely to advance, and, what is equally im- portant, but what will never be .'shown ia statistical tables, the quality of education is likely to advance too. The criminal returns are not altogether unsatisfactory, for, notwithstanding the in- crease of the population, the number of convictions has diminished in each of the three branches of the United King- dom ; so thfct the ' increase in wealth and education < has been accompanied by a diminution of crime. It would have been well had it been also accompanied by a diminution in poverty, but this is not the case, and the number of paupers remains at about 1,000,000, of whom, however, not more than 153,000 are adult and able-bodied. Emigration has doubt- less to some extent helped to keep down pauperism. The average departure is some- where about 200,000 people, but for the last three years has been over a quarter of a mil- lion. We are sorry, however, to observe that Australasia comes in for a diminishing quantity of this emigration, our figures having dropped from 61,000 in 1857 to 12,000 in 1871. America is still the great land of attraction, and takes four-fifths of the people that leave the old country in search of new homes. This fact we must ascribe. to the shortness and cheapness of the passage. With immi- gration left to itself, it is impossible for Australia to compete on an equal footing with America. We must offer special attractions ; those special attractions must be well known, and those who know them must be aljle to avail themselves of them before we . can expect the tide to set in strongly to the Great Southern Land. THE wise ones of the world have been speci- ally unfortunate in their predictions respecting the Southern States of America within the last twelve years. It was confidently asserted that the negro population was so ripe for in- surrection that the Northern soldier had but to appear within the slave line to secure the cohesion of every slave within hearing of the trumpet blast of freedom. The anti-slavery books represented them as waiting to join as one man beneath the flag of liberty directly it should appear in the field-and horrid pictures were drawn of the retribution that -would fall upon the masters whenever the one word "rise" should be pronounced in that land. But the fact was nothing like the pro- phecy. Comparatively few blacks joined the armies of their emancipators. The combustible which was represented to be so full of danger to the lords of the South lay harmless as a barrel of gun- powder treated with silicious dust, when the brand was applied. It was then said that the negroes would not work when emancipated, and would lie as a dead weight upon the thews of industry ; but they do work. In the next place lhere was a cry raised against giving poli- tical rights to black men-the act, it was said, was sure to be attended with abuse and disaster. So far as we see, this apprehension was quite unfounded. And now we are informed that speedy extinction is in store for the negro ; but judging from the most recent and reliable in- formation respecting Southern affairs, we think it likely that he may object to play the role expected of him in the Union drama. In. 1870 the free-coloured population was 4,860,000-an increase of nearly 10 per cent, iii a population which is not fed by any immigration, and which can only increase by actual natural growth. An English tra- veller who has been at much pains to make himself acquainted with affairs ht the Southern States says that it is admitted by all classes ot Southern society that the negroes are rising to comfort, and that even a mere transient way- farer could not help being struck by tha evidence given him in the great number, of coloured men of the labouring class, and cf the happy coloured families that are everywhere met. Judging from the statistics. of rjiarriaga and savings bank deposits, these darkies are in a lively and thriving: state ; ana although ¿¡edom admit» ol habita of drunkenness, m «BToe« arc becoming farmers and landown than inebriates. In 23 counties of the State Mississippi 40,551 bales of cotton were gre \- 1869 by coloured tenant farmers ; and 1670' the produce from coloured farmers tie wrne State was 50,978 bales. " Sm landed proprietors," observes the sa authority, " tenant farmers, shopkeepe Breachers, are thus constituting a ncgro-midi clase, who will bc the natural protectors of t T»it mass below them." . It is no easy matter to estimate the mfluenc inat are at work in the Southern States, a the changes that have passed over that cou try Thc political and commercial ruin that h fallen upon the "gentlemen" of the Sou il crushing, complete-greater, in fact, th "e have any notion of. An accurate observe attempting tome description of it, says: «The bmking capital, estimated at two hu ¿ni millions, was swamped in the extincti of all profitable banking business, and fina] in a residuary flood of worthless Confedera Boney. The whole insurance capital of ti South, probably a hundred millions mot atfo perished. The well-organized cotto eiigar, and tobacco plantations, mills, factork coal and iron mines, and commercial ai industrial enfranchisements, built up 1 private capital, the value of whic ia millions of pounds sterling, cannot 1 computed-all sank, and wero en¿ulphed in tl jame wave. Every form of mortgage clair with the exception of two or three pound Sta Stocks, shared for the time being the fate the principal, and only now crops up amid tl subsiding deluge like the stumps of a su merged forest." From the same source two i three facts are derived which tell with ev< greater force. The valuation of Virginia ar West Virginia was 480,800,267 dollars i 1870; it had been 657,021,336 dollars in 186 South Carolina bad diminished in taxable valt during the ten years from 489,319,128 dolla: to 174,409,491 dollars. Mississippi stood at valuation of 509,427,912 dollars in tho year bi fore the war, four years after the war it wi valued at only 154,635,527 dollars. V7hi does Mr. Wrr.i.s, the Commissioner of R( tenue, say on this subject? He says:-"I 1865, this section of our country, which i 1860 represented nearly one-third of the entii population, and omitting the value of the slave nearly two-sevenths of the aggregate wealth ( the nation, found itself, as thc result of foi years of civil war, entirely prostrate, withoi industry, without tools, without money, credi or crops; deprived of local self-governraeni and to a great extent of all political privileges tie flower of its youth in the hospitals, or dea upon the battle fields ; with society disoi ganized, and starvation imminent or actuall present." The problem now before the South is, Hoi ù Reconstruction to be effected ? The ol slades in tho way of this process are nc natural, hut moral, Bocial, and political, i great future lies before the South, provided th policy is Buch as will develope the resources c the country. To this end the " domestic insti tution" which was swept away by the war wa directly adverse, for although slavery was itsel Íirofitable, it made all else unprofitable. Frei abour cannot coexist with slave labour and if the great mineral deposits of tin South, and the manufactures that will sprinj from their development, can only be developei by means of free labour, it is clear that slavi labour must cease ere these powers could come into operation. Nor were the riches of the soi educed by the hand of the slave. The lane grew sterile, the crops weak under th< domain of the slave owner. Since slavery has ceased a good opportunity has been offered o showing what free labour-whether black ol white matters not-can accomplish. It is ar admitted fact that the new cotton is far superioi in cleanliness, strength, uniformity of fibre, ant absence of waste, to any ever before sent tc market. Agriculturally the great strength of the Southern States lies in cotton Not only is the quality nnd conditior improved, but the quantity is increased The small-field culture pays better than thc Urge, and the negro as his own master pro> daces more cotton than he did when he pos Mssed "no rights which a white man wai bound to respect." It is not probable that the great bulk of the cotton crop will come fron the Email holdings. The large farms giving labour to free blacks will supply the great est quantity, and it is found that the system oi copartnery now attempted is a better induce- ment to work than the last. Under the new organization of labour the cotton culture is ttviring. The produce in the last three years cf slave labour is given officially as follows: 1858-59, 4,019,000 bales; 1859-60, 4,861,000 bales; 1800-61, 3,850,000 bales. From the Department of Agriculture we receive the fol- lowing memoranda:-1866, 1,900,000 bales; 1867, 2,340,000 bales ; 1868, 2,380,000 bales. The crop of 1869 was 2,700,000 bales ; that of 1870 exceeded three million bales; while the yield of 1871, though a bad one, reached 3,300,000 bales. This year's production is likely to be four million bales. In the production of cotton America has an advantage not enjoyed by other countries, and this affords her a monopoly of the market or nearly so. All that she now needs, therefore, to make the best of the opportunity is thorough culture, trust- worthy labour, and such a price as will remu- nerate the labourer. The great obstacle in the way of the progress of the South is the present prohibitory tariff, the rich soil and mineral wealth of the South we awaiting capital and enterprise, which will not come while everything that is wanted on the plantation of foreign manufacture must pay »tax of from 200 to 300 per cent, above its TOue at home. Cotton must now be sold cheap ^d everything else bought dear. » Cotton eannot be protected ; it can only be burdened," everywhere there is discontent, which in time nwt make itself felt, for if the chief staple is » weighted down, that men whose capital is "vested ia it are taxed to tho extent of «w-fcurth of their incomes, it may °e safely predicted that the hind jwee will not be long endured. The ontence of this difference of feeling «toen the North and South, working wgelher with the discovery, that Alabama, «. central State of the agricultural South, is » vast mme of mineral wealth, leads many P«sons to speak confidently of a separation «' these two sections of the Union. The up mH of a manufacturing district in the South n.one of lhe elements save white labour «a capital are at present wanting-will neces ate direct commercial intercourse with its "Womers, and, consequently, the use of its ^° Potts, and independent life. ol»a1o?nUOn UTC-Busiuess thi3 day.-Master's Nih ¿»our,,. - £°^hue v- öeiila. 40 proceed on receiver's account, 16 Walker, a parson, &o.;, to tax oosts. «Äs PU-IsnE^VlslT0RS--Their Sarene High «? Gotta iÄeBBP.h,1ip a?dAu(rustus of Saxe Coburg W Dr TO SMurday for Melbourne in the steiner ^ÄSyrÄ^.att0üd^ üí tUo Priaoefl wera i TUK JJoKDKic Dim/a.-ihe corresponde), which hiv. Uti.n placo between tho Governments of N South Walt« and Viot»tis, together wita thu draft ot CcnientioB, submitted by the Premier, ware hud on I table of the Assembly of Victoria on ï a»àir U«. an « bn four.d tn another column of ti-day s Uer*M. Too I n of the sister coluny think» the oorresp^nd- nco revnats a li' et coinpiehensiveness. and ia marked hy a certain »mon of forcing on both side« rather thin a di«Ir matter to a speedy is/me. OPENING OF THE YACHTING SEASON.-The opening of the yachting season of 1872-73 took place Saturday last, in accordance with previous notification. The yachts belonging to the R. S. Y. Club assembled in Farm Cove at 11,30, under the command of Vice Comm dore Gilchrist - Commodore Dangar being out of town. At 12 o'clock the signal "Get underway" was made from the Vice Commodore's yacht, the Peri, and was followed by evolution signal 63, "Follow me in line." Peri then led up to Farm Cove with a nice fresh breeze from the E.N.E with the Pert, Nereid, Mischief, Ella, and Wairong, fol lowing her In the order named. After standing on a wind to the northward of Fort Denison, sheets were eased off, and the yachts ran up to Lavender Bay. Then jibing they stood across into the Cove, and tacked close to the North Shore Steam Jetty. When off the red buoy signal to form into two lines was made and obeyed, Peri taking the centre. They thus stood into Farm Cove, and under the stern of the American steamer Naraganseit, which was saluted, by all the yachts, signal to form in line to port, proposed by the commodore, followed; and in that order the yachts stood to North Shore - Peri to windward, Pert next, with Nereid, Mischief and Ella to the leeward, and Wairong and Iris together a little further in, and a short distance to the westward. Orderd were here given by the Vice-Commo dore to rendezvous in Middle Harbour, and it seems very clear that when his yacht went to effect a position that she was not at the best speed that she was capable of. All except Waireng and Iris were under fore- and-aft sail with jib-headed topsails; Waireng carried a large squareheader, and Iris was the only one that had lower sails. The two leaders held on the starboard tack. Nereid at once threw about on the port and was followed by Mischief, the other following the Vice-Commodore's example. The breeze was what might be considered a good "wholesail" breeze, and the yachts laid down to their work in style. Pert and Nereid made two short "bars" on the northern shore. The other stood down the harbour. Nereid tacked to Bradley's, and coming out went in stays a very short distance ahead of Pert, Mischief held her stretch along the southern shore, passed into the eastward of Shark Island, in search of an easterly breeze, followed by Pert. Nereid was again the first to tack, and she stretched away over to Shark island at a splendid rate, followed by Pert, which was also sailing well. On opening Watson's Bay, all the yachts got fresher breeze, a little more to the eastward so that they were able to weather Middle Head easily, without tacking. Nereid was the first to arrive at the rendezvous and anchor followed, soon afterwards, by Pert, Mischief, Peri, Ella and Iris. Waireng, who had the misfortune to burst her "bob stay," did not arrive for some time after. After the squadron had anchored, the yachts were decorated with flags, and by invitation of the Vice Commodore the crews went ashore to Clontarf, where lun cheon was provided. The company was augmented by a number of invited guests, who arrived from Sydney by the steamer Adelaide about 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The luncheon, which was an excellent one, was served up under the supervision of M. Compagnoni and his assistants, in a manner worthy of the hospitality of the Vice-Commodore. Mr. Gilchrist occupied the chair, and Mr. J. G. Ross the vice chair. After doing justioe to luncheon the usual loyal toasts were proposed by the chairman, the vice-chairman, and Mr. J. B. Watt, This portion of the proceedings was finished by Mr. Watt proposing "Success to the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron," in a short but appropriate speech. This toast was responded to by Mr. Dangar. The guests after wards engaged in outdoor sports. It was not until evening was drawing well on that an adieu was bade to Middle Harbour. All the yachts except the Peri returned in com- pany to Double Bay, where, after saluting, they parted company, and so terminated the proceedings. H.M.S. COSSACK V. NAVAL BIUOADE.-A ten-oared double-banked raco took place on S-tturday after- noon, between ten men belonging to H.M S. CjBsack and n similar number from the ranks of tho Naval Brigade, The coarse WBB from Dawes Point round a boat moored of Shark leland, and bick to the red buiy off Fort Mac ejunrie. Tho race created a good deal of oxoitomenl nmonget tbe boating fraternity, more especially a« the .takes amounted to £70, being £7 a thwart, and long before tho appointed time for starting there could not have been les« th»n 700 pf opie on the Point and in tho vicinity ol Fort Macquarie When tho match wa« mude, it was currently reported that tho Cossack crew was the bast that hud ever been formed amongst tbe ships of war visiting Port Jackson ; but notwithstanding thin, no bets woro made at level money, and very fow at 2 to 1 on the Naval Brigade, which was froely offered. Tho race itsolf proved d most hollow affrir, as the Brigade ere ir, after a few etrokrB, gradually drew ahead, and appeared throughout tho contest to bo pulling at their case. At Shark leland, ono bund Btopped rowing to put up a cook in tho bows of tho boat, and in pulling home o.ioh of tho crew decorated himself with blue ribbon. The winning point was passed by tho Naval Brigade 2 minutes and 6 seconds ahead of their opponents, wr», although they pulled well, were far inferior in their stroke to our men, whoso swing was porfoct. The orew of the winning boat, which WBB steered by Lieutenant Ueloitto, comprised Dick and Charles Green, Thomas and Richard ThrusBell, Lennie, Connolly, Wobster, Verrell, Biggs, and Nash. The race was followed by the steamers Herald, Cobra, Brothers, Fairy, and several numil BI earn launches and pulling boats, Bud was witnessed by LieuteninU Jones and Lewington of the Naval Brigade, and soveral ofllcars, and a large crowd of men-of-war. The dofeated mon were cheered ot the conclusion of the contest by tho victorious ciew, who in their turn were loudly applauded by the spectators. _ The boats rowed were cutters belonging to the training ship Vernon, and are as equal as two boats can possibly be. LAD ACCIDENTALLY KILLED.-On last Friday afternoon, the City Coroner held at the Benevolent Asylum, Pitt-street South, an inquest respecting tho atuse of death of a young man named John Wiseman. The father of deceased deposed that ho was a carpenter by trade and resided at Waterloo ; his son (doceastd) was between 17 and 18 _ years of age, and a native of the colony; he wan unmarried and had been employed as a labourer at the ICeroeeno Worke Bt Waterloo ; ho last saw him alivo about 6 o'clock on tho Friday morning at horne, when hu left to go to his work ; ho was not awaro that he wis in tho habit of riding on horseback, and he be- lieved that ho did not know how to rielo; he had been employed at tho Kerosene Works for the last taren or four years. James W. Field, manager of the N. S. Wales Oil and Shale Company, deposed: Deceased had b>oa ia tho employ of tho Company far some time ; on overy morning during the last fortnight deceased waa in the h ibu of bringing witness's horse from the work« to the railway station, and taking it back again in the evening ; he never took exception to doing so, nor did he over say that he could not ride or manage a horso ; tho horse referred to was a very quiot one, and had no VÍCIOUB tricks ; doceased had to meet me at tho station at 9 o'clock in tho morning of Fri .day; from something ho heard while waiting for the de- ceased, he feared that something had happened to him; ho saw hi« horse in the yard of this house, and that measures were being take» to recover the deceased, who bad a severe wound over hi« left eye ; thero was nothing about the appearance of tho horse to show that ho had fallen to tho ground. Robert Hart, labourer, residing at Chippen- dale, deposed that about two minutes to 9 n'olook on Friday morning ho saw deceased in Regent-street, proceeding in the direction of Parramatta-street, the hors» which ho rode WBB galloping very fast, and at the anglo of the road near tho Mortuary Chapel he «aw that deceased's feet were out of the stirrup« ; he WBB endeavouring to pull tho horse up, although bo appeared to have no control over it ; je went a little past the Mortuary Chapel, whero thora WBB a team laden with wool on tho right side and an empty wood dray on the opposite side nearly abreast of it ; deci-a^u'i tried to pass on tho left eido of the empty dny, hut his leg csugh fagoinst tho wheel, tho horse galloping at tba time ; deceased fell on his right side against tho wheel tiro of tho dray, and then fell to the ground; the driver was sitting on hi» dray, whiob was on its proper side of tho street, pro- ceeding very slow ; ho saw a wound on deceased's fore- head ; witness soon after went in seirch of Dr. Gray. Tho witness text examinod (Dr. Gray) described a large la- cerated wound on the left eye-brow, nnd to finding above it a fracture of the frontal bono, the fractured part of the bone being depressed. Voidict, "Death from injuries uoci dentally received." Two BOYS DEOWKÍJD AT ULTIMO.-Between i and 6 o'olock on laet Saturday afternoon, two little boys named James and Thomas Cosgrave, aged respectively 8 and ll year«, whoso father i« a foreman in tho employ of Mr. Chadwick, of Liverpool-street, went to an unenclosed pondon the Ultimo Kstato, near the Pyrmont Bridge Ho id, and which ie on tho silo of an old quarry, for the purple of having a bath. The water i» from 18 to 20 feet in depth, and the two little fellows, Boon after they entered the poud, got beneath their depth, owing to the bank shelving suddenly. A young man who was playing at cricket close by ran up to the spot, and diving after the children, succeeded in recovering them shortly afterwards, life being ky that time extinot. After thi bodioi were recovered they wero seen by Dra. Grey and Beer, and at 6 o'clock they were removed to the parents' residence in Dixon-Btrect, near Liverpool- street. An inquest touch- ing the cause of death will bo held this forenoon, at tho Hand and Heart public-bouse, Dixon and Liverpool streets. The bole in which tho boys were drowned is much fre- quented by boy« for the purpose of bathing. As has been stated, thero is no enclosing fence, neither ia there any notice close by to deter porsons from venturing into the water. Two fatal caBes of drowning-both tho persons drowned being grown np-are reported to havo occurred in this waterhole. MAURITIUS.-We have received files of the Port Louis Gaiette to the 11th September. H.M.S. Himalaya bad arrived with troops, and OB scarlatina had broke n out among the ohildren on board, the vessel was placed in quarantine. The publio complain thal important Hw» aro resolved upon or enacted by tho casting vote of the Governor. Tho Hon. Lady Gorden ia «bout to loavo for Euglund. lt is proponed to impose an additional export duty e.n sugar.; tho Chamber of Commerce discussed the muller, and unanimously protested against it. The exparf, dutv at ihe present time is 6 cents, and 12 per cont, on tho 6 cent-, and in a short time it will havo to bear a further tax of 3 cent» to meet the expenditure of tho Woods and Forests' Ordinance. The Gazette declares the suggestion to be " eminently ünpoliüo.unrssíonablo, and inequitable).'1 CURCH OF ENGLAND , LANE COVE.-I Patind>y afternoon, the foundation stone of a new church at Lane Cove, to be called St. John the Evangelist's, ' laid bv Mrs. Francis Lord. Tho pUu »ho*a a nu»t Got bnilding. At present only tho nave will be con-tructed, a cost of £250, to afford accanitii dillon for ahmt i perçons, and the transept« and ch-mcol will bi built a*, HI futuro time when rf quired. The material UBMI will e!ono. The church will occupy a comtn-indfng eiti ou I main rond, and on which a school-bou*e wai a sh irt li ugo butnt down. There was a liber al displuy nf fl >g* whi contrasted well with the vordant nspeot of tho surround' scenery. About 600 persona asi-orablcd to so^th" oeretnoi many having como from a dis'nnce, na was evident from t number of vehicles that were on thu ground. Th" K Thomas Smith was amongst the visitors. Tho Bishop* t-ydnev and I'crth wcro to have boon prea-mt, hut wuro u avoidably detained in Bydnoy. A hymn having bo-n sun the religious part of the ooremony waa ouduoted by t Kev. W. C. Cave-Browuc-Onvo, M. A, and tho Rev. A. I Blackttt. Mrs. Lord, with a silver trowel, laid t Mono in the namo of tho Father, of the Son, a of ' the Holy Ghost. A scroll containing tho folio1 ing words was placed beneath tho foundation etonn: " To tho glory of God, in tho name of the blessed Trinlt and in memory of the apostle and evangelist 8t. John. T found8tion-elono of thia church, in thi pirisb nf G n don, the county of Cumberland, in the diocese ot Sydney, w laid on October tho 2Glh, in tho year of our rodotupti' 1872, by Mrs. Francis Lord, in the presonco of a lar^e O'i course of Christian peopK Fred-ric Barder, O D., L-r Bishop of Sydney; William Cecil Oava-Hrowna-Oavi M.A., incumbent of the parish; Arthur Russell Blockt B.A.. curato nf tho parish ; John Brown, Henry .iluaintos! and Robcrt Pymble, truBteos; Rev. W. C. (Jivo-Brownt Cave, chairman; Rev. A. R. Blacket, vice-chainiuc John Brown, William Hushes, Thorns* Wat-irhou' James Pymble, Robert MacIntosh; Henry Wittingham secretary- Building Committee ; Edmund Thomas Blacket, architect ; Eli Endicott, contractor for stonework. The Rev. Mr. Cave having offered prayer, briefly address the assemblage. He said that au addross wis to have bai given ;>y the Bishop of tho diocese; who, howovor, in tl exercise of hia functions as president of tho Synod had bec detained in Sjdnoy. He knew that tho Bishop w«5 wit them in heart for ho had taken a great doal ot interest i this work. They were met to promote tho honour of the Lord and Savieur Josus Christ. They sought his blessing and they believed they had his blessing ; lu th it in whio they bad engaged. And he was gUd to find th' they had upon tho ground persons of othi religious denominations, who, if they were not altogethi with them, wcro not against thora. If they but remira bored in whose work they wore ongagcd.and did their dut] they might bo snro that they would havo Go»Vs blessing o their undertaking. A collection was then mide, «nd th assemblage adjourned to an adjoining atruolura, compo-e chiefly of the foliage of trees, to partake of tea. Tb tables wcro tastefully arranged, and bountifully supplie with oako, fruits, &o.; After tea tho company assemble at tho foundation- stone, and were addressed b tho Rev. Mr. Cave. Taking a ahort retrospac of Leno Cove, he reminded them of tho early labours of th Rev. Mr. Clarke, and the minister of Rydo. Many of ther would not fail to seo an immense contract bstweon Lan Cove now and what it was twonty-fivo yeirs ago. Th gathering together of so largo an assemblage of respcotabl» pencrmiB, and loving people, for tho pnrpnso that hai brought them together he regarded aa a very goed aujur; for the future. With a people living in pgioi and ever ready to help ono another ia thei social, domcstio, and religious ooncerns, there wauli be a still moro marked improvement in Lino Cov during tho next twenty-live year«. So lonj ns ho should be there ho would to the utmost endouvour ti promote their welfare; and he felt sure that ho shouli have a worthy helper in tho Rev. Mr. Blacket, who h*i been recently ordained to his solemn work. He wishei particularly to say the.t he was pleaa»d to soe there th' members of other denuminatU na beside? thiir own. Hi was very glad of tho anpport they h*d given by theil presence. Whilo they held their own dlstluotly aa j church, whilo they would not o-itnproroisa their principle in any una particular, they could nul did say from thi I bottom of thoir hearts, graco ho with all them that lovt our Lord Jeaus Christ. Lot them all Btrroe to ditfar, This was not stall imprta.'iblo. The Riv. Thurn ia Siuit'i, on being called upon, expressed great gratification ut boioj J present, and wai glad to find that the people of Lino üov¡ wero not satisfied with their old building, and that thoy I had determined to erect B church suited to th'dr growing requirements. In eloquent terms ho pointed out the great blessings tfeat flowed to a community, direotly an'l in- directly from tho erection of churches, for the prookm*, tion of the gospel. Though sceptics sneered at tha »mull result for the labour and money spent in tho furtherance ol the Gospel; what, he asked, would be the state ut tin community without them ? Christianity was tho ealt thal leavened the whole lump ; and without it thoy muid only expect tho development of Commuuistta principles. In view of the blessings conferred upon old and young, upon tho rich and the poor, he urged in n forcible manner, the duty of all to render their aid in the building of the church. A collection was thon made, and bator* the doss of the proceedings, it was stated that £4*3 had boen obtained dining tho day. SUDDEN DEATH.-Yesterday evening, a young mau who had been until very lately a seaman nu bur J thc Border Chief, fell down ta front of the Old Ship Inn, at the ci mer of Stn bi x and Cambridge streets, and expired alinoit immediately after. The body waa removed tj tho Daad House, Circular Quay, where it waa Been by Dr. Hamilton. Deceased was ailing while on board tho Border Chief on her pateage to this colony. A VIOLENT ASSAULT.-Tho police frequently have a very unpleasant and sometimes dangerous dury 11 perform in dealing with prisoners, who, when arrested oiler a determined reeiBtanoc, and tho punishment awarded to such offenders is not often commensurate with the offanoe. On Thursday night la>t, constable Pirie had a hut encounter with a labourer, named Archibald Clanoy, whom he endeavoured to arrest for stealing u piece of timber from the Wesleyan chepel now in the couran of erection ut the corner of Forbes and William streets. When I'irio esme up with Clancy, the latter at onco threw awiy tue plank, seized him by tho throat and jammed him bdtwoun a fence in Forbes-street and some timber; they staggered and fell several times, and Clauoy kicked the constable, iipeatedly cn tho shins and also used his te-tli. Pirie, finding thi.t his cowardly astailmt was getting tho bent of it, called out lor assistance, and a gentleman named Victor Uohm ran up, und tho constable with his help and th.it of nnother person succeeded in handcuffing pris mer, who was conveyed to the watch-house. Hu was brought bofore the Water Police Bench on Saturday, and the magistrat s iifsesftd th« injury recsived by the constable (who has not km able to resume duty) at 40s., which prisunsr WA< adjudged to pay, with an alternative of two mouths' im prinonm« nt. Clancy also received a sentence of two months for f ielding tho timbor. SUDDEN DEATH.-About 7 o'clnck yesterday morning, Mr. Feats, of Turner and Bullauaming diront-, Wiiterloo, found his wifo lying dead in bed. Sha had com- plained of feeling unwell for two or three days previously, Lut she hud bot bein attended hy any nieJioil mau. She was serving in the bar of her husDaud's public-house until litte on haiurdsy night. She WAB 39 years of aga at the time of her death. ' PHOTOGRAPHIC.-On Saturday last, hia Excel- lency the Governor and family paid n vi-it to thu photo- graphic studio nf Mr. Freeman, und honoured him with sittings fer their cartes-do-viBito. On the same day, and for a similar purposo, Mr. Fieeman's gallery w»a visited by Prince Philip and Prince Augustus, of 8»xe-Coburg. BUSH FIGES.-Yesterday afternoon, a largo fire occurred in thal portion of the bufh lying between RODD Buy und Bondi, «nd close to tho property of Sir Daniel Cooper. At about 4 o'clock it w,is first observed, und in lei-a than two hours it spread with great rapidity ovor an area of -200 or ROO squaro yards. Peoplo should bj verv cautious in lighting fires ; there aro soveral small weather- board cottages in tho immediate vicinity, whioh wera in danger of being consumed. The reflection of the con- flagration illuminated tho sky for u great pxtent, «nd was plainly to be seen from the city in the eroniug. Shortiy after 7 o'clock last evening, an ahum of fire was rung out by thebellB at scmo of the city Uro stations. As it was dis- covered that the fire was a bush one, aitutated oa the water reherve bewcen Wavorley and tho Randwick Road, whioh fcsd bein burning for some time, th9 uugino only proceeded part of the May, and íelurned again to tho city. ACCIDENT VROM DHINK.-About half-past 0 o'clock on last ¡Saturday evening a man named Patrick Fahey, driver nf u parcel delivery van, whilu in a st-ite of intoxication, fell from hi« vehicle at the oorner of Crown und Woolloomooloo streets, Woolloomooloo, receiving as u contequetre. of thu fall a severe eut nn the head. Constabla Kelly removed Fahey to the Sydney Infirmary, where hu waa at onie admitted. FiitE.-On Friday, the dwelling-house occupied by Mr. John Doherty, a freu- selector, and his wife, at Kicgeilale, about five miles from Goulburn, was burnt to tho ground, and everything in tho house destroyed. Mrs. Doherty (niys the Soutlum Argut) left the house to go to her husband who was fencing noar by, and during hsr absence the house, from some unexplnined cause, caught tire. They are left homeless and penniless. THE WHEAT HARVEST IN TUE NORTH.-We (Muitlatid Mercury) ure gratified to learn that tho appre- hensions of a general attack of rust in the growing wheat, rendered so likely by tho uncertain and frequently recur- ring showers of two or three weeks ago, and the warm weather that followed, have not been realised to tho antici- pated extt nt, and that as a whole the orop has escapad serious injury. Wo hear of rust about Brauxton, at Cess- nock, and the Marrowbone Ridge at tho Wollombi (to a greater extent lhere than elsewhere, unfortunately, but perhaps not greater in proportion to the quantity of land under wheat), and ut Rosebrook, hut it is confiued to a fow paddocks in most cases, and does not extond to tho bulk of the crop in the localities named. And in some inBtanoes it is hoped that, notwithstanding the attaoks of tust the grain will not be pinched, and wa aro told that in the casa of one farm at Rose- brook, where reaping began on Tuesday last (unubually early) the grain waa fino and plump. Singleton and Patiraon advices speak of the flourishing condition of the crop thereabouts ; and we havo similar satisfactory in- telligence respecting fields at Eldershie, Gosford, and Rose- brook. Altogether, we Bee every reason to hope, from prewnt indications, that the w'ueat harvest will muoh ex- ceed that of last year, or tna'ay years previously. Wo are also told that the wheat cro-ps at tho Sugarloaf are looking 1 SXCalltBt. ?. . ? ? : ' - VOLUM'KIÍJ: AUTILLKKY.-UM y,-iturd;ty alt rv«E liiere ««? a Comnmiiding Officer'* pirad» of Volunteer Artillery. Th« nun »B'r-iiibled at Hyde Pa hui worn lull unifoim wi'b puggaree* : Irv hatl-d' te ng ttguitful ielief from tbe pondernif'y of the brn.bc J lie Field Batteries (Noe. 1 «nd V) turned out with gc and berso* ; Ibo reminder »» >ifibt infantry, with oarbiu 1 hey were taken tu tho Inner Domain, where a mraber bntii.Iion move-inint» weru e-xecuted. Afterward! 1 I ilgade, headed by their band, inarched down Brid( Muet, George-street, BatburBt-etreet, Elizaboth-ltreet, a bo by Pat lt-street, back io the mnatering-plncc Ma ilepiiCid wa» in tonmmnd, M»jor Wilson acted .. fen and Captain Well« as junior major, and Lieutenant-Binn as Adjutant. I VOLTJNTEKP. RIFLES.-The Commandant's ha1 TI arly inspection of the Suburban Battalion Volant* j Kirks tick place at the Victoiia Barracks on Sa turd ufieinoon. Ï he batialiun mustered at Darlinghurst Com house at 3 o'clock, parading in fnll uniform, with c* covers and haversacks. The grey attire of tbs Suburb, Rifle», though not co c*n.picuoua as tbe scarlet of t metropolitan companies, presents a good appearance whi u.KS8(d, atd appears more in character with uiiizen-soldiai Tho UighlSLUtrs, as usual, mode up for deficiencies in th respict, Fiom the mustering-pince the men wera marohi with the Brigade band to the Victoria Barracks to awi the Couiiiii ndaüt. Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, wi was accompanied by Captain Bitync», Acting- Major of Br i;rtdu, was nnived with tho usual honours. He inspect) the arina and accoutrements, and tho former were ali sxeinined by. the musketry instructor. The companies we mirefcid flin in quurler.distanco column and in olo; column, niter wbith a number 6t light infantry movement akuuiishitig, &c;, wer« executed. The parade terminate about half-pact 6 o'clock, und the Commandant expresse hiuietU as eiititfUd with the general proficiency of tl llliU. THE CAVE OF GOOD HOPE.-Via Mauritiui wo have hiter news from th« Cupe. There hive bee loverai questions of greater or less Interest occupying publi attention at tho Cape. First of these ia tho separatio muveiuent attempted to bo got up by some agitators, fin in Port Elizabeth and next in Graham's Town, lt orlgi Bated from tbe bullied efforts of thos-i s-tma agitators t thwart tho intriduction of Responsible Government and tbrir opposition to that again turnod mainl; upon absurd alarma lest Capa Town, under the nei tf'gime, might compete rrore effectually than heretofor with the tracing interests of Port EIiz»be.th. The «ry fe separation thus raised in Port Elizabeth, nnd tho movemon there commenced, were supported with ample fund wherewith fo extend the agitation olaewhere. Bu only in Graham's Town haa it met with any thing like a hearty responso and energetic co-operation Some diggers have inflicted shocking barbarities on native without »ny reosc-n. ; One wietch falsely accused a nativ of stealing diamonds, and proceeded to oxtract the unfortu nate man's teeth with pincers till all were gone. In anothe case, a party of ruffians tied a native, and then, amoni other cruelties, stuck a knifo into his head. Native decently dressed have been attacked by white rowdies o loafers for no offence but wearing respectable clothes. OPALS.-Tho Peak Downs Telegram says : Wo had the opportunity of examining several good aizex clumps of calcareous shale, rlohly veined with opal, whlol bad been procured in tbe township of Springsure by Mr Hinten, tbe gentleman who kindly gav» us the opporttmitj of inspecting them. The opal visible has Bot the »parklln» iridescence of the moat marketable kind, bnt some of the specimens are, nevertheless, very beautif ni. Mr. Hinton who lias been resident in the Springsure district for thi last fivo years, states that there is plenty of the shale which ia the matrix of the opal, to be found in tbe neigh benrhood, and he intends testing- the value of bis diaooverj by tending a quantity to Sydney for report. BITTEN BY A SNAKE.-The Maitland Mercury reports that on Tuesday last a boy, eon of Mr. Joaept Russell, and pupil at the Parading-Ground Sohool, wai bitten by a black snake. The reptile waa in a orevioe of s rock, and tbs lad was endeavouring to kill it, when il crawled out of its hiding-plaoe and bit him on the ball ol the thumb. Ho ran borne (o his father's house, which ii no great distance from the sohool ; and the first thing done was to tia a string tightly round his wrist. Tho parent« then sent for a neighbour, John Lavis, who ont a pieoe om of (ho thumb, exploded Bomo guupowder in the wound, and then rubbed it with powder and salt. He BIBO gave the bay half a bottle of brandy with salt, and this treatment seemed to bu effectual, for tho boy hus suffered no ill consequence! from the bite. A doctor was consulted after these remedies find been applied, and ho said that all that waa requisite ha j Leen done, but that lbs cutting of the flesh had been unne- cessarily deep, A FATAL GUN ACCIDENT.-Another instance of tho loss of life through want of caution occurred at Phillip Island, and ia thus reported in the Melbourne journals :-Cn Saturday, I9ih instunt, at about dusk, a selector named Cochrane, a married man with five children, went out with his Berving-man with the object sf shooting a deer. Handing to the mun a rillo loaded with ball, Cochrane went into the scrub to endeavour to put up some game. Before doing so be told his servant that if ho saw something jump up he wat; to lire inntantly. The man obeyed bia instructions only too well, for on the form of bia master suddenly appearing at a dittance in the scrub he fired. Tho supposed deer dropped, and the man ran np to secure tho game. On rouchiug the H pot, what wa» Lie horror to lind tbat he bad shot, not a deer, but his master. All the (insistance that could be procured was obtained, but it was not of the least avail, tha ball having pinned right through the poor man'H body. Ha lingered until Sunday morning, and then expired. Before bia doaih ho mudo a deposition in thu presence ofapolioe conatable, in which he exonerated bis servant from all blame. TnE AUSTJtALIAN AND EUROPEAN T-ELEORAPH. -The following telegram (eaysi the Argus) as t.i tho brdak in the cabio which kept un so long without nows from Kuiope was yerteiday received from Mr. W. Warren, superintendent of tho British-Australian Telograpa Com- pany :-" Mr. Fiaher, electrician, whu waa ou biard the II pairing steamer Investigator, informs me (hat the fault in the cabio was in about IOHO fathoms of water, 220 milos from Banjoewangi. Cause of defc.ct unknown, ns they were nnaolo io recover the defective portion of the cable." The usu which bas been mad» of thu ciblo since 6 o'clook en Tuesday afternoon, may bo gathered from tho following mémorandum which was furnished to the Postmaster Gtnrrul by tho head of the Telegraph department: .. Statement of foreign business since 4 p m. 22nd October. Received from hurcpe and the East, 10 telegrams, dated '¿let and 22nd October. Shortest time from London, 13J hours ; longest time, 21 hours. Transmitted nine tele fTdUiH lo Ku rope and the Bast. Average cont, £10 8s. 6d. i neb. Linea working well throughout." [The above are . xclusive of Press telegrams.-Ki). S. it. H.] TUE VINEYAKDS.-There is every prospect of a heavier crop of grapes in the Maitland distriot (says the Mercury) this year than has been gathered for many years pievioualy, and that the_ condition of the vines ia in tbs highest degree encouraging. In some few instances the tiünaually late frosts have nipped olTihe bude to aome ex- tent, and the hailatorm of a fortnight ago did partial injury. SYDNEY CHORAL »SOCIETY.-The second con- cert ol the season is advertised by thia society, to take place on Tuesday evening next. The first part will consist of Rotnberg's " Lay of the Boll," which ia familiar to moat lover» o! music. Thia will be followed by selections from the work» of varions composera, amongst whiah ia noticeable un unspecified chorua from Meyerbeer's " Gil Dgonotti." The society have commenced active rehearsal for this con* cert, »nd it muy bo readily assumed that tho programme of to-morrow evening will result in success. TUE HORTICULTURAL EXHIBITION.-The floral exhibition under the au«picea of thu Horticultural Sooiety, will take place on Wednesday and Thursday, in the Lower Botanic Gardcna. Hi« Kxcellency the Governor, and the Honorable Lady Robinson, under whose special patronage tho prêtent, exhibition is held, will open tho affair at 2 o'clock. The reason of the daparturo from the nsual honr, we understand, ia owing to tho impossibility of getting the judging finished by 1 o'clock, and as it is a difficult matter to keep the public out beyond the fixed limo, th» commit tea bavo no doubt, wisely altered the time of opening. The list of entries goes far to show that the exhibition will, if anything, be better than the former hold by the looiety. A» applications for Bpseo have been sent in from all tho growtrB of favourite pot-grown plants, and the cultivator! of the Queen of flowers and other varieties, tho gardens »ie now in their highest beauty. Thi i faot oombined with choice muBio and tho exhibition of the varieties of the the vegetable world, will attraot a largo uttendanoe. TnE OPERA AND- THE MUSICAL FESTIVAL. On Saturday evening the subscription season dosed with "Les Hugutnots" to a good audience Thia evuning Herr Zelumn, the talented conductor of the Italian portion of the opera, takes his benefit, when a most attractive carte is announced, namely, "Lucia di Lammermoor" and "BataneUa." Opera will bo produced during the re- mainder of the week, and on Monday next tho Exhibition Fes- tival will commence. In order to complete the arrangements at the Exhibition Building, the Corporation have allowed the manager access to the hall to-day, when a large numbor of carpenters are to commence operations in order to provide atccmmodation both for the performers and the pub io. An immense stage is to be erected at tho northern end of the great transept, the first gradient to receive the leaders of tho orchestra and prinoipal singers, a eocond raised tier will bo provided for the united orchestras and bands, the choirs will rino in amphitheatre from tho orchestra, lovel with tho gallery, and surround the great organ. Frem the leader's seat an electrio battery ia to communicate with and lot off tho field pieces and other ordnance etationed in tho Park. The space now occupied by tho fountain in the centre of th» nave, is to be floored over, and tastefully furnished for the viceregal party. A semi-circle of chairs, ton deep, will accommodate 1000 people in the reserved neats ; stalls for a similar number will divido tho reserved seats from the remaining portion of tho building, whore settees will be provided for 7000 more. IE the gallery, a double row. of forms on the eaBtern and western sides, and raised platform, at the south ead will accommodate 2000. Thus the great Exhibition Hall will be made to hold 10,000 visitors. An application has been made to the Chief Commissioner of Railways, and th» various steam and omnibus companies, in order that special means be provided to enable residents in the country, or suburbs to come, and return nt tho oon«. elusion of each performance. A number of artistes hsve tendered their asbistance to the promoters of thia mu'.ioil festival. 