REVIEW. BuMHKB DBEAMING8. By Charles F. *. Taylor. Ferguaaon & Moore, Melbourne. '. A presentation copy of a poem with the oiwra title, written in Spenserian stanzas by a young man, who, we are inf ermeo, only recently attained his majority, has been sent to us for notice in our columns. The wri*°r, we are farther informed, is a colonial youth, a graduate of Melbourne University, and a barriflter-at-Iaw. The poem was composed as a theme to compete for the Shakspeare Scholarship of 1871 at Melbourne University, value £150 per annum, and tenable for three yean. It jgained the prize, and is now bruited, and dedicated by permission to the Ohaa^or, Vice-Chancellor, and members of $he Council of the University. The facts we' have cited led us' to appre hend a considerable display of ability in the poem, and we were not only not disap pointed in our perusal of it, but met with more warmth of colouring, an easier melody, and a greater lyrical sweetness ' than we bad anticipated. The subject versified is the *' Midsummer Night's Dream. ' It may be looked upon as an act of presumptuous lolly for a youth barely out of his teens to attempt to rewrite or refine upon Shak speare*8 comedy; but it must be borne in mind that 'Summer Dreamings' was not originally intended for publication, and was written only in the ordinary curriculum of academic pursuits. Moreover only the main plot of the play— the crossed loves of Hernia and Helena— is dealt with; and only the characters necessary to its due development figure in Mr. ' Taylor's pi eduction. The out - lines of the poem are all Shakspeare's, and only such deviations have been made as were required in order to adapt them to the cir cumscribed limits imposed upon the writer. While, however, the framework must be ascribed to the great dramatist, the figures with which it is filled in are the creation of the youthful poet, and afford such indica tions of genius that we are tempted to look for something greater and original from the same pen on some future eccasion. A few lines will show with what skill the ' tender' subtlest passion oi human nature is touched upon. ' Lore is a magnet. How it surely finds Its kin, though it be hid in many a fold! And, as the senseless steel together binds, T.tnHng in one, so will love's influence hold Fast locked in bonds— but not of steel— of gold.' Its undying constancy, even when unre quited, is also poetically expressed, thus: — 'But yet the heart will love, though it be crushed By cruel wantonness; let but the wind Stir the harp stringB, 'tis long ere they are hushed, Long ere their trembling echoe3 are resigned; And, let the heart be moved, be sure thouit find Love's soft emotions lingering there anon, When that which stirred them hath long proved ? unkind.' A keen discrimination too - betwixt the genuine passion and that all-absorbing coun terfeit, which seeks only its own. gratifica- tion, but is often mistaken for love, is shown in the following lines. Demetrius, it will be remembered, smitten with Hernia's charms, geeks to compel her to marry him by the authority of her father, who favours his suit. Mr.' Taylor writes :— '~He loved her not ; for who, that loved, could steel A father's hand to deal the mortal stroke On one he loved ? Who ever dared to kneel And ask a tyrant for his country's yoke That was not traitor?' Music, too, is incidentally descanted upon. Congreve has tersely said— 'Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.' Mr. Taylor appears to have adopted this couplet, and turned it into the following, not only venial, but elegant periphrasis :— ' There is a sense, a saint, and a power In every strain of music; but 'tis not Where many share the sweet harmonious shower That we regard it most. In some lone spot, Where earth, and cold society are forgot, We only taste its true deep sentiment, Beside the sea, or in delightful grot, Or by some mountain whose bleak top is blent With the descending nightin darkness imminent. Or, as the moonbeams through the forest stir, As if the ghost of the departed day Had stolen from his western sepulchre, ' If we shall stand and note the leaflets play With: the night wind, the while sqpe plaintive lay Creeps o'er our ear, we cannot choose but bow Beneath the gentle influence, or pay ' The tribute of a tear that fain will flow Unchecked, yet what we mourn we never seek to know, ? # ? ? . ? ? ? ? Ay, there is more in music than our ken €an comprehend or dream of. Tis a voioe Which speaks from heaven to earth; from God , to men, Plainly yet wordless stQL Now 'tis its choice That we shall grieve. Anon we must rejoice To hear its exultations. Then in mute And awful wonder atand while it employs Its .deep and sacred tones. Who dare dispute its power to thrill, to awe, its magic to recruit?' Nor does Mr. Taylor confine himself to stereotyped modes of speech, as the expres sive but antithetic phrase contained in the following lines will show : — «... 'The soft caress Of, 'wooing _ winds, that loved to fan her brows, And from its bonds to loose some wayward tress, And fondle it in their rough tenderness.' AC moral, too, is sometimes deduced in passing as— 1 ?' .... 'Tis but a breeze That blurs the peaceful landscape) but a sound That mars the sweetest harmony ; and these Are but of angry words the types— the effigies.' The description of the fairy .queen's abode is extremely beautiful, though the ideas are by no means all original. We quote two stanzas from it. ' In the wood's depth a merry babbling brook, With harmony perpetual ever ran; Whose mystic cadences with pleasure shook The bending flowers that kissed it ; yet for man Its songs no meaning had— how it began Its life 'mid mountain tops and glittering snows, And how its youth was passed where breezes fan 'The sunny hills, it told, where in repose Among the shadowy leaves the purple cluster glows; And then it sang of fields where, like a sea ?Of golden waters, swayed in many waves The ripening corn, which seemed in very glee To- mock the angry ocean when it raves—* Then sadly sighs the brook; for, while it lares Theflawer-clad .banks, yet steadily it nears. Its bright Lie's end— the sea, where are the graves ? ?.--?-.........-. ?Of streams both great and small— where frem . tjbafears . . . ?Of jp^at clouds, wept for the dead, no sun #pep%w i . , ^ Wqrtaffetaow quoted: sufficient to show the ^tyleof^the poet; and to indicate what the reader may expect ' ~iut inhere are one ;or two verbal criticisms wEJcfc we foel it due to Mr. Taylor to make. In'fte|o!lqwing quotation we fail -to catch hisnieaning:— ? - ; . .-.'.-. ' But/soft }a breeze has stirred the forest leaves, i i'' such, as fcheri the Eastern isles outpour Their ?odoui'-ladea- breathy wherein we trace Th# - wooing* ce9ai'& ' kiss, the ican ton sp ice ?etAMstP&^'.] : '???? ? Th^'iiisJicsiare.ours. If these words do not me4n '$$' 'wanton spice's embrace,' they mew nothing;; while if they do, the rhythm of thflkj&se; ia destroyed. Again, in the 33«i8tan2a:weTfind— 'Upon Ihe award rich comfits nectar and sparkling dew,' as a specimen of Alexandrine verse. In twe instances the verb 'to lie' has been con. founded with the verb ' to lay,' and we find these remarkable sentences— 'Why listless lavs the brush her touch w&3 won't to guide. ' Now must he lay on roses like themselves. In throwing the accent upon the final syllable in the substantive 'perfume' Mr, Taylor only follows the example of Pope and other great poets ; and perhaps it is only fair, if the substantive is to usurp the pronunciation of the verb, that the encroach ment should be equated in the same stanza by the past participle's adopting the^ pro nunciation, to which the noun is entitled. Thus:— 'And laden with perfume, cornea stealing o'er.' And 'Of flowers, of herbs, of all the perfumed race.' We fail to see. any reason why in ' Summer Dreamings' Hennia should be made to fly from Helena, while in Shakspeare Helena flies fromHermia. True, in his preface, Mr. Taylor admits that the poem differs from 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' in several ' minute particulars,' but we under stand the alterations to have been made for the purposes of adaptation ; this change, therefore, is unnecessary. But these, after all, are Very small objections to a book which contains so much that is pleasing and meri torious, and we only raiae them now so that in future editions they may be amended. The poem is printed upon toned paper, in clear type, and isaued in a very neat and chaste binding by Messrs. Fergusson and Moore, Melbourne. ? 