Errata. — In the case Caldwell v Ditch bourne, the verdict for plaintuTwas for £75, and not £20, as published in Monday's issue. The Rev. James B. Laug-hton, of Parramatta, in compliance with a request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath lest. The reverend gentlemen took for bis text in tlic morning 1 Peter v, 7— ?' Costing all your care upon God, for He careth for you.' After the sermon Mr. Lauguton intimated to the con gregation the deliverance of the Presbytery with reference to a painful circumstance tliat has been investigated at a meetinc of Presbytery. The Rev. Mr. Laughton spoke in the follow ing terms : — ' Before bringing the service to a conclusion this morning, iny brethen, I have, by request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, a painful but very necessary duty to perform. I believe it is not unknown to any of you that a very grievous calamity has befallen my dear friend and brother— your highly esteemed pastor. The circumstances are such that they oan not be publicly detailci. It will be sufficient to say that the Rev. Adam Thomson and myself prepared a written state ment of tus circumstances founded upon our own personal observations and inquiries ; and that we submitted that state ment, with documents corroborating it, to the Presbytery of Gonlburn on Wednesday last, accompanied by sunn verbal explanations as we thought nececessary. Mr. Mackenzie himself also made a brief statement, and requested the Pros byterv, IfsatisBed of his innocence, to give sucli a deliverance as mfghtenable him to resume his ministerial dutieswittiout hindrance. ' Mr. Mackenzie having withdrawn, the Presby ter}', lift vdeliberation, nnanlmonslyresolved to record Uioir entire t-at't 'action with Mr. Mackenzie's conduct in the very difficult aud painful circumstances in which he had been placed. The Presbytery consider that the statement sub mitted by Messrs. Thomson and laufihton, with the corrobo rative doenments included therein, places the wholo caso in such it light that they c&nhave; no hesitation in expressing their conviction that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from any chwge or susnioion . The Presbytery believe that nothing that has occurred ought injuriously to affect Mr. Mackenzie b position and ministerial usefulness ; and they trust that he may be long spared to labour In his present sphere with increasing acceptance and success. The Presbvtery resolve to record their deep sympathy with Mr. Mackenzie in the severe trial with which he lias been visitni, and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation, praying that all lus affliction may be sanctified to his growth in grace, and to the strengthening of his hands in the work of the Lord.' Bnch is the deliverance of the Presbytery, which, in obedience toUieir request, I have now read to you. As one of Mr. Mackenzie's oldest nnd most intimate friend;, I may be permitted to add an expression of my own satisfaction that the Presbytery hasfeltiteelf at liberty to give n deliver aneewhich cannot fail to satisfy you, as his congregation, and the public generally, that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from the slightest shadow of suspicion. I need not say how deeply his brethren in the ministry liave sympathized with him, andtbat our confidence in liimhas been strengthened b the Christian, manlycouragc whicli prompted him at once to ] take counsel with us and to aSbrd every facility lor fnll investigation. I trust he may be spared for many years to labour amongst you, and that he may find In the increased attachment of lusfiock.and in the tokens ofsiiccsi vouch safed him bythe Great Head of the church, a cnrriial fur his sorelv-wouuded spirit, May ' the God of hope fill both you and him with all joy and peace In believing, tb.it ye may abound in hope, through the power of theHoly Ghost.'1 Tha ? service was closed with praitcp. prayer, and benediction, in the usual form.— Go«llmrn Herald, Angust 13. 