LEGEND OF THE WAMBEAN CAVES. My dear H., — So you are planning an excursion, and hav- ing heard much of our successful camping-out at the 'Wambean Caves, wish to have the benefit of my advice and experience in such matters. Of advice I can give little, as I was not one of the planners or managers of the scheme ; but my experience was so delightful that the memory of it remains as one of the most charming of my life. Our trip took place in October, the pleasantest month for such a purpose in New South Wales. We were about eighteen in number, eight travelled in two four-wheeled conveyances, and the rest on horseback. We were accompanied by two mounted policemen, and a cart with provisions and tents was sent forward to our first halting place. T. and my two young friends were driven in one of the buggies, and I shall never forget the turmoil of our departure. It was 6 o'clock on a drizzly cold morning when the carriage arrived at the door. What a packing it was ! Opossum rugs, cloaks, coats, railway wrappers, blankets, carpet-bags, a large clothes-basket full of provisions, knives, forks, spoons, cups, a teapot, a billy, a gridiron ! Luggage enough for a cart ! At length our driver declared he would carry no more, and we seated ourselves on the top of our goods, perched like the Eastern traveller on the hump of his camel. After all, my guitar and the six Chinese lanterns that were to have illuminated the caves were left behind. Once started, all went well ; the day brightened and we had the comfort of depositing our provision basket and other contributions to the commissariat in the cart. Our plan each day was the same ; we started early in the morning and rested in the middle of the day by a running stream, where we took our luncheon and lounged about in groups, carelessly chatting or reading. The evening was our most delightful time. Then we set fire to some large gum tree, and after cooking and eating our dinner, spread out our rugs, and were thoroughly sociable. We had some charming singers amongst us, who gave us songs, glees, and duets without accompaniment ; and when our vocalists were tired we played at games or told ghost stories. One evening we got up some charades, 'the green plot our stage, the ferny brake our tiring house' and though our principal properties consisted of fern wreaths and a pair of scarlet blankets, they caused more enjoyment than many that have been elaborately prepared, but I am detaining you too long by the way, and must not tell how our horses were stolen by bushrangers, or how a large snake was killed close by the ladies' tent, &c.; On the third morning it was announced that wheels could go no further, and that there was still a distance of four miles to be got over. Such a scramble as it was ! Down the rocky slopes, through the bush and over the plain where the ground was all hollow under our feet. At length we arrived at a smooth grass valley, enclosed by hills. A dry water course shaded by graceful stray oaks ran through the middle, and before us a lofty rocky hill rose like the wall of a cathedral, pierced by the three arches which led to the caves. I was much struck by a figure at the entrance of the principal cave. At a little distance it looks like an exquisite marble statue. The head is thrown back, and the hands raised as in the act of supplication. Further within is another crouching figure almost equally well defined, and these suggested the idea of the enclosed Legend of the Caves. I will not trouble you with details of our return, but will only add that we agreed before the party separated to repeat the excursion in three years. In the interim each of us was to write a story of the caves to be read aloud at our first evening halting place. I need not say that this scheme has shared the usual fate of 'the best laid plans of mice and men.' Long before the three years were out, our happy party were dispersed to the four quarters of the globe. Some are wed and some are— but no ! I cannot finish the rhyme, for as far as I know death has been merciful and spared us all for many pleasant hours, though we may not enjoy them together. Whether any other stories were written I do not know, nor have I any right to suppose that you will accept a narrative as a substitute for useful sug- gestions, a fairy tale in lieu of a ' Hand-book to the caves;' but as mine can no longer find the audience for whom it was intended, I send it to you. If it beguile one tedious half-hour I shall be satisfied. Ever your affectionate, A. __ The Legend. Once on a time when the world was young there lay in the southern part of the great Australian continent a coun- try of singular beauty and fertility. It was small in extent, and surrounded on all sides by inaccessible mountains whose summits were clothed with perpetual snow. A broad ma- jestic river flowed through the land. Its origin and its end were alike a mystery. It came down in great volume through some caves in the sides of the mountain receiving in its course innumerable little streams which rushing, sparkling, and hurrying down the hills seemed to rejoice in paying tribute to their queen. After its first rapid descent from the hill the river punned a slow and stately course through the valley till it was suddenly lost again in a deep cavern which yawned for its reception, and down which it pushed roaring and foaming in a cataract whose depth had been never sounded. The dwellers by this mysterious stream were beautiful, refined, and unaffected. From their sheltered position they had no dread of enemies, and consequently the art of war was unknown ; but they understood spinning , weaving and all the simple appliances necessary for domestic life. In music, dance, and song they were great proficients, and these arts were much employed in their religious services. They worshipped the river, and a large number of female children were dedicated from their birth to the service of their great goddess Mahroa. This people was governed by a queen who was chosen from among the vestals of the stream as the loveliest, the worthiest, and the best. It had been calculated in ages gone by that this country, so limited in extent, could only find subsistence for about twenty thousand inhabitants. That every one might live in ease and independence, it was therefore necessary to provide some outlet for the superfluous population. For this pur- pose large public schools were erected, and whatever male children were born in each household beyond the allotted number were taken charge of by the State and brought up with more severity and hardship than their brothers, in order to prepare them for a struggle for life in the outer world. The surplus female children became vestals of the stream or of one of its tributaries. The time when my story opens was the festival of the funeral of Queen Barara. This simple people, strong in faith, considered the time of death as a time of rejoicing. Traditions had reached them of a vast illimitable ocean enclosing all the world in its embrace which was the source of all the streams, and to which they all returned after full filling their mission of watering and fertilising the earth. All mortals committed to its keeping awoke from the sleep of death endowed with eternal youth and beauty in a blessed region of coral grottoes and crystal caves where the ever- lasting chime of waters made delicious harmony, and mingled with the shouts of triumph of thousands and thou- sands of happy glorified beings. An immense procession of the magnates of the kingdom in crimson robes, of the vestals of the stream in white flow- ing dresses, and of the scholars of the State in tunics bor- dered with blue accompanied the triumphal car of Barara to its destination, the mouth of the cavern down which flowed the cataract. The body clothed in its robes of state, with the crown on its head and the sceptre in its hand, was placed on a raft of cedar covered with garlands of flowers, and allowed to float along the stream till it reached the cataract. At the moment of its disappearance in the abyss a thousand harps were struck, and a thousand voices pealed forth a hymn of rejoicing. Queen Barara was beloved ; she had died full of years and honours ; but those who would feel a void ever after in their hearts for this day crushed down the pain and rejoiced in her triumph. One relic alone remained of her ; a lock of hair, which was buried, and an acacia planted on the spot. Whole groves of such me- morial trees were to be seen in this country, and there the people used to walk and muse of their happy dead as we yet sometimes do in our grave-yards and cemeteries. A fortnight's holiday followed the funeral of Barara, after which another queen would be elected. It was a time of great freedom, and the vestals of the stream wan- dered at will with their chosen companions. Eroe was the most beautiful of them all. She had a glow and brilliancy, a life and joy in her loveliness only seen in the dark daugh- ters of the south. Aruth was her far off cousin and her friend, but to him as to herself marriage was forbidden. He was a pupil of the State, and in one short month was to be sent to seek his fortune in the unknown world. But for this brief interval they were inseparable. Happy days ! made still sweeter by the tender sadness of approaching separation ; when words and looks and tones are subdued end softened, lest one harsh feeling should cast a shade on that time which will so soon be only a memory. 'They will choose thee for their queen, Eroe,' said Aruth, one day. 'Thou art the loveliest, wisest, and best of all the vestals of the stream, and I shall rejoice to know when I am tilling the earth or toiling in the mine that thou art great and happy.' 'No, Aruth, you forget, my twin sister Auora is far fairer and wiser than I. She will be our queen, and at her coronation I shall ask a boon, and it shall be the freedom of Aruth.' ' Ask also that Eroe may be given to him for a wife, else were the boon utterly worth- less. A queen can do much on her coronation day. Oh ! Eroe, we will kneel to her and implore her. But no ! they will make thee queen. Who would crown the Lily when the Rose is there?' But this Eroe vehemently denied, and she succeeded at length in persuading her lover that Auora would be the chosen queen. Their hearts were full of hope, and the remainder of the holiday was spent in forming their plans for the future. Before its conclusion, it was settled between them that on the night of the coro- nation they should slip away in the midst of the tumult, of rejoicing, meet together on the bridge of marriage, and by throwing their garlands interwoven together into the stream become inseparably united. Next morning I will pros- trate myself before the new queen,' said Eroe, ' and implore thy liberty and forgiveness for us both. She can never refuse the first boon thus demanded.' And so the brief season of liberty and rejoicing passed away. The whole country became active and excited with the preparations for the coronation. The choice of the queen rested with the great nobles of the realm ; but tbough they met in consultation the secret was always kept till the morning appointed for the ceremony. At length the day arrived. A grand procession was formed, and with bands of cheerful music and garlands of flowers, multitudes thronged to the sacred cave whence flowed the river their goddess. The vestals in pure white stood on the margin of a small pool which reflected on its smooth surface the bril- liant crowd. On its farther verge by a colossal marble pillar stood the high priest. The virgins sang the hymn of consecration. There was a pause, when suddenly the high priest advancing, took Auora and Eroe each by the hand, led them to the foot of the pillar and sprinkled them with the water of the pool. Next placing on the head of each a crown of ferns and waterlilies, he assisted them to mount the steps to the summit of the column. Then arose a shout of jubilee. Long live Auora and Eroe ! Queens of River land ! There they stood, the Lily and the Rose. Auora's features expressed a noble joy mixed with a look of high resolve, for she was inwardly vowing to devote her love and her life to the people who had so honoured her. But Eroe locked like a sweet flower crushed by a storm ; tears falling in showers from her eyes, her head bent down, and her whole form cowering and convulsed with grief. After a hymn of solemn gratulation, the procession returned to the palace of the vestals, and the remainder of the day was spent in receiving audiences and granting petitions, con- cluding with a splendid banquet. 