.THACKERAY AS A SHOWMAN. The monthly gossip in the June number of Lip pincott's. -'Magazine contains this story about Thackeray. Years ago, when Thackeray was delivering his lectures of ' The Georges,' and the'' 'English Wits and Humourists,' to large audiences in a Southern city, he asked a dis tinguished literary man what chance of success there would be in a certain other city nob many miles away. ?? jl reaiiy done Know mr. Thackeray,' was the reply. '1 never suc ceeded there. But 1 am nobody, and you are a great guD ; it seems to me you ought to succeed Any where. Still, I cannot conscientiously ad vise you to make the attempt ; you might pos sibly fail, and lay the blame on me.' After some reflection he added, 'Perhaps if you were io make a special lecture, compounded of the 'beat and most diverting parts of two or more of your series you might draw a tolerably good house. 'Butl will not guarantee anything.' Thackeray thought the matter over, accepted the sugges tion, made up the compound lecture, advertised, *. 'billed the town,' and went over. On his teturn his friend met him at the cars, and, after the usual greetiug, said 'Well sir, how did you make out?'1 'Oh!' said Thackeray merrily, ' I have been playing the mountebank for 6d.' 'What do you mean by that?1' ** The night you know, was a wretched one, the audience was thin and not aboye 50 or 60 per jBons, and a more quiet and absolutely sober set I never' attempted to entertain. [ did my best, but so profound was their respect — their awe, I may say— of me, that not a murmur of applause, mot a ghost of a smile escaped them. Solemnly, ?sincerely, pioualy they stared at me. I do be lieve they thought 1 was preaching a funeral ser mon. At the close of the lecture I fully ex pected a committee to come forward and request -a copy of my obituary on the Georges for pub lication in the morning papers, and I felt disap pointed that the doorkeeper did not stop me as 1 went out to put crape on my arm and a weeper on my hat. It was truly a solemn and refresh ing season. The nexb morning, after paying my advertising bills and the hotel charges, I found T had cleared enough to pay my return fare to this place and five dollars over. Con gratulating myself on this fact, I strode jubi lantly down to the station, and was in the act of stepping on the train, when I felt myself touched on the back. Turning round I beheld a small man with the aspect of a turnkey, who, in no complimentary terms, made inquiry, ' Ain't you a man by the name of Thackeray T ' That ia n.y name, sir,' ' Well, didn't you give a show here last night ?' ' Why, yes, I think it was decidedly a 'show.'' 'Well, thar's a law in this town that any man that gives a show has got to pay five dollars licence for a givin' of the show, and you didn't pay no licence ; and I'm the sargent of this town, and here's the bill, and you've got to pay it before you kin get to git in them keers.' This was too good. I handed the fierce little sergeant the five dollars, paid my railroad fare out of my own pocket, and sp,' concluded Thackeray, with a jolly laugh, ' I played the mountebank for 6d, and upon my honour I enjoyed it.' 