DR. LIVINGSTONE'S SECOND LETTER. {From the Daily Telegraph.) The subjoined, which we owe to the continued courtesy of the Nao York Herald, is the second letter addressed by Dr. Livingstoae to that journal : — South- Eastern Central Africa, Februnry, 1872. lly dear Sir,— I wish to say a little about the skve trade in Eastern Africa. It is not a very inviting subject, anil to some 1 may appear as Buiipuuug ™ur readers to be very much akin to the old lady who relished her jiuper for neither births, deaths, nor marriagea, but for good racy bloody murders. I am, however, far l'roni fond of the horrible— often wish I could forget the scenes I have seen, and ceitainly. never try to inflict ou others the tor.-ow which being a witness of ' man's in humanity to man' has often entailed on myself. Some of yonr readers know that about five years ago I undertook, at the instigation of my very dear old friend, Sir ltoberick Jtturcnison, isart., me lass ui examining the watershed of South Central Africa. The work had a charm for my mind, because the divid ing- line between North and South was unknown, uud a fit object for exploration. Having a work in hand, I nt hrst recommended another for the task ; but, on his deeliuing to go without a, handsome salary and some thing to fall buck on nf tcrnards, 1 agreed to go myself, and was encouraged by Sir Roderick saying, in his warm, jovial manner, ' You will be the real discoverer of tbe sources of tbe Nile.' I thought that two years would be sufficient to go from the coast inland across the head of Lake Nyassa to the watershed, wherever that might bo, and, after examination, try to begin a benevolent mission with some tribes on the slopes reach ing towards the coast. Had I known all the time, toil, hunger, hardships, aud worry involved in that precious water-parline, I might have preferred having * -, , ? 1 _. 3 _ 1.1* I... ...«*. «v. Zl tn my Head *navea, ana ii uubikl ijuu uu *«, n# grappling with my good old friend's task. But, hav ing taken up tbe burden, I could not bear to be beaten ' by it. I shall tell you a little about the progress made by-and-bye. At present let me give yon a glimpse of tUs slave trade with which the search aud discovery of most of the Nile fountains has brought me face to face. ^ The whole traffic, whether on hind or ocean, is a cross *? outrage of tbe common law of mankind. It is carried on from age to age, and, in addition to the untold evils it inflicts, it presents almost insurmountable obstacles to intercourse between the different portions of the human family. This open sore in the world is partly owing to human cupidity, and partly to ignorance among the more civilised of mankind of the blight which lights chiefly on the more degraded. Piracy on the high seas was once as common as slave tradinj* is now. But as it became thoroughly known I the whole civilised world rose against it. In now trying to moke the Eastern African slave-trade better known to Americans I indu!ge the hope that I am aiding on, though in a small degree, the good time coming yet when slavery as well as piracy shall be chased from the world. I Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves iuilict on the victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalised by a long course of servitude, with but few of the ameliorating' influences that elevate more favoured races, are fair average specimen of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to do mestic bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most unhealthy climate. These have told most injuri ously on their physical frames, while fraud and trade rum havo ruined their moral natures. Not to dis criminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the population living free iu the interior under thi-ir own chiefs and laws - cultivating their own Isinns, catching tho fish fcf their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of tho forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in roeky strata or under perennial ice. Win woodc fieade hit the truth when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full lus thc typical negro than the West Coast African, who has bsen debased by the unhealthy land he lives iu. Slaves generally— and especially thoss ou the West Coast, at Zanzibav and elsewhere— are extremely ugly. I have no prejudice against their colour ; indeed, any one who lives long among them forgets that they are black, and feels that they are just fellow-men. But the low retreating forehead?, prognathous jaws, lark heels, and other physical peculiarities common among' slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion as those with which we view specimens of the ' Bill Sykcs' aud 'bruiser' class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply intLo miro in which they are already sunk. But I wish to point out that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as n rule, f ,iir average specimens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the head men of the great chief Insama, who lives west of the south end of Tangan yika, had come together to make peace with certain ArabB who had burned their chief tawn, and I am certain one could not see more finely-formed intellectual heads in any assembly in London or Paris ; and the faces and forms corresponded with the fiuoly-sbaped heads. Insama himself had been a sort of Napoleon for fig-hting and conquering in his younger days, was exactly like the ancient Assyrians sculptured on the Nineveh marbles as Nimrod and others ; he showed himself to be one of ourselves by habitually indulging in copious potations of beer cilled pombe, and had become what Nathaniel. Hawthorne culled ' bul bous ' below the ribs. I don't know where the phrase ' bloated aristocracy' arose. It must be American, for I have had glimpses of a good many English noble men, and Insama was the only specimen of a bloated aristocrat on whom I ever set my eyes. Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they hod only let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change their charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, nicely rounded limbs, well-shaped forms, aud small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves ; and this they do— oh, the hussies!— by filing then- splendid teeth to points like cat's teeth. It was distressing, for it made their smile, which has generally so much power over us great he-donkeys, ratherj croco dile-like. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do, if they had none, but pout and lecture us on ' women's rights?' But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm brown skins, tattooing them with various pretty devices with out colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tartans. They are not black, but of a light warm brown colour, and so very sisicrish — if I may nse the new coinage — it feels an injury done to one's Belt to see a bit of grass stuck through the cartilage of the nose, so as to bnlge out the alwiwsi (wings of the nose of anatomists). Cazembe's Queen— a Ngombc, Moari by name— would be esteemed a real beauty either in London, Paris, or New York, and yet she hail a Bmall hole through the cartilage, near the tip of her fine slightly aquiline nose, But she had only filed one side of the two fronts of her superb snow-white teeth ; and then what a lauab she had! Let those who wish to know go and see her carried to her farm in her pony pnietoh, which is a sort of throne fastened on two very long poles, and carried by twelve stalwart citizens. If they take Punch's motto for Cazembe, ' Niggers don't require to Vc shot here,' as their own, they may show themselves to be men ; but whether they do or not, Cazembe will show himself a man of sterling good sense. Now these people, so like ourselves externally, hnve genuine human eouIs. Eua, a very large section of country north and west of Cazembe's, but still i»tbe same inland region, is peopled bv men very like those of Insama and Cazembe. Au Arab, Said Bin Habib, went to bade in Eua two years ago, and, us the Arabs usually do where the natives have no guns, Said Bin Habib's elder brother carried matters with a high hand. The Qua men observed that 'the elder in- other slept in a white lent, and, pitching their spears into it by night, killed mm. as mosiems never lorgive oiooasuea, ine^ounper brother forthwith ran amuck at all indiscriminately in a large district. Let it not be supposed that any of these people are like the American Indians— -insatiable blood, tnu-sty savages, who will not be reclaimed or enter into termh °f lasting friendship with fair-dealing strangers Had tftt actual murderers b-'on demanded, and a little time been granted, I feel morally cmtaiii, from many other TOBtaC10158 ainon? tribes who, like the Ba Rua, have not beeb' spoiled ey Arab traders, they would all have been givaA up. The chiefs of the conatry would, firttof all,bavB specified the crime of which the elder brother was eniltj' and who1 had been led to avenge it. It ra very likely iliat they would rtipniatc that no otl.er should be punished but the actual perpetrator. Domestic' shwes, acting under his orJerBi would be considered free from l&me.; I ? faiow M nothing that distinguishes tbe unrantaminatoa Africans from other degraded peoples mor* than their entirn reasonableness and good sense. It is'ilifferent afferthey have had wives-, children and relative kidnapped ; but that is more than human nature, civil&ed; or savage,ean bear. In the case in question, indiscriminate slaughter; capture, and plunder took place. A very large numier' or very nne young- mnn were capturei! ami eecureu w chainB and wooden- yokes. I came near the party c* Said Bin Habib cloBe to the point where a huge rent in* the mountains of EUa allows the escape of the great river Laulaba out of Lake Moero. And here I had for the first time an opportunity of observing the difference between slaves and freemen made captives. When 'fairly across Laulaba Said, thought his captives safe . and got rid of the trouble of attending to and watchingthe chained gangs by taking offboth chains nnd yokes. AU: declared their joy and perfect willingness to follow Said to the end of tbe world or elsewhere, but next morning twenty-two made clear off to the mountains. Many more on seeing the broad Luolaba roll between them and the homes of their infancy, lost all heart, nnd in thi-ee days eiffht;of them died. They had no complainj; but pain-in the heart, and! they pointed out its seat cor rectly ; though many believe that the heart is situated underneath the top of the sternum or breastbone. This to me was the most startling death I ever 6aw. They j evidently died of brol;en-heartedness, and Jhe Abrabs j wondered, ' seeing thny had plenty to eat.' I saw j others perish, particularly a very fine boy of ten or i twelve years of age. When asked where he felt ill, he ! put his haud correctly find exactly over the heart. He j was kindly carried, and as he breathed out his soul was laid gently on . tho side of the path. The captors were not unusually cruel. They were callous— slavinc had hardened their hearts. When Said, who was an old friend of mine, ? crossed the Lnalnba, hn heard that I was in n. vUlage ! where a company of slave traders had been furiously i assaulted for three days by justly incenEei Babemba. j I would not fight, uor'allow my people to fire if I saw , them, because tbe Babemba had been especially kind to j me. Said sent a party of his omi people to invite me to leave tbe village by night, and come to him. He i showed himself the opposite of hard-hearted: but s avinff ' hardens nil within, and petrifies the feelings.' It is bad for the victims, and ill lor victimiscrs. I once saw a party of twelve who had been slaves in their own country — Lunda or Londa, of which Cazembe is chief or general. They were loaded with large, i heavy wooden yokes, which are forked trees about three j inches in diametpr and seven or eiffht feet long. The ?neck is inserted in the fork, and au iron har driven in across from one end of the fork to the other, and rivetted; tbe other end is tied at night to a tree or to the ceiling of a hut., and the neck being firm in the fork, the slave is held off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer; and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads put on the staves' heads besides. Women, having- in addition to the yoke and load a CUlld On W1H UUUlt, imvtj bilIU lu uu; uw f^oiu^, auij are killing me ; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load nnd child, but I Bhall die with three loads.' ' One who spoke thus did dio, aud the poor little girl, her child, perished of stnrvation. I interceded for some ; but, when unyoked, off they bounded into tbe long grass, and I was gently blnmed for not caring to preserve tho owner's property ! After a day'B march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads, the strongest are exhausted. The party of twelve above mentioned were Bitting singing and laughing. 'Hallo!' said I, '-these fellows take to it kindly ; this must be the class for whom philosophers say shivery is the natural state;' and I went and asked the c-vuse of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of the word iuklia, which usually means to fly or leap. They were using it to express the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and death ; and the sons was ' Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad or white man's land) with yokes on our ueikjij but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall return to haunt and kill you.' The chorus then struck in with tbe name of the man who had sold each of them, and then followed the general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perembe, an old man, of at least 104 year-;, had been one of the sellers. In accordance with African belief, they had no doubt of being soon able, by ghost power, to kill even him. Their refrain might -e rendered, Ob, oh, ob ! Bird of freedom, oli I I shall haunt you, oil, oh, oh 1 The laughter told not of mirth, but of the tears of Buch as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. ' He that is higher than thff highest regardeth.' About nortn-easi oi it.ua we nave a very large coun try called Blanyueina, but by the Arabs it is shortened into Monyema. It is but recently known. The reputa tion which the Manyuema enjoyed jof being cannibals prevented the balf- caste Arab traders from venturing among them. The circumstantial details of the prac tices of the man-eaters triven by neiehbeurinEr tribes vere confirmed by two Arabs who, two years ago, went is far as Bambarre, and secured tbe protection and friendship of Moenckuss lord of the light-grey parrot with scarlet tail — who was a very superior man. The minute details of cannibal orgies given by the Arabs' attendants, erred through sheer excess of the shocking. Had I believed a tenth part of what I was told I might aover have ventured into Manyuema; but, fortu nately, niy mother never frightened me in my infancy with ' Bogie' and stuff of that sort, and I am not liable to fits of bogiephobia, in which disease th3 poor patient believes everything awful if only it is attributed to the owner of a black skin. I have heard that the complaint was epidemic lately in Jamaica, and the planters' mothers hnvc much to answer for. I hope that the disease may nover spread in the United States. Tue people there are believed to be inoculated with common sense. But why go among the cannibals all ? Was it not like joining the Alpine Club in order to be lauded if yeu don't break your neck where your neck ought to be broken. This makes me turn back to the watershed, as I promised. It is abroad belt of tree-covered up land, some 700 miles in length from west to east. The general altitude is between 4000 aud 5000 feet above the sea, and mountains stand on it at various points which are between G000 and 7000 feet above the ocean level. On this watershed springs arise which are wellaigh innumerable! — that is, it would take half a man's lifetime to count them. These springs join each other and form brooks, which again converge and become rivers, or say streams, of twenty, forty, or eighty yards, that never dry. All flow towards the centre of an immense valley, which I believe to be the Valley of the Nile. In this trough we have at first three large rivers. Then all unite into one enormous lacustrine river, the central line of drainage, which I name Webb's Lualaba. In this great valley there are five great lakes. One near the upper end is called Lake Bemba, or more properly Bangeolo, but it is not a source of the Nile, for no large river begins in a lake. It is supplied by a river called Chambeze and several others, which may be considered sources ; and ont of it flows the large river Luapnla, which enters Lake Moero, and comes out as the great lake river Lualaba to form Lake Kamolondo. West of Kamolondo, but (till in the great valley, lies Lake Lincoln, which I named as my little tribute ot love to tno great ana good man America en joyed for some time and lost. One of the three great rivers I mentioned— Bartle Frere'e, or Lufira -falls into Kamolondo, and Lake Lincoln becomes a lacustrine river, and it too joins the central line of drainage, but lower down, and all three united form tho fifth lake, which the slaves sent to me, instead of men, forced mt, to my great grief, to leave as the 'unknown lake.' By my reckoning— the chronometers being all dead— it is five degrees of longitude west of Speke's position of Ujiji ; this makes it probable that the great lacustrine river in the valley is the western branch — or Pathe rick's Nile— the Bahar Ghazal, and not the eastern branch, which Speke, Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Egypt. If correct, this would make it the Nile only after all the Bohar Ghazal enters the eastern arm. Bnt though I found the watershed between 10'— 12' south— that is, a long way further up the valley than any one had dreamed — and saw the streams of some 600 miles of it converging into the centre of the great valley, no one knew where it went after that departure out of Lake Moero. Somo conjectured that it went into Tanganyika but I saw that to do eo it must run uphill. Others imagined that it might flow into the Atlantic. It was to find out where it actually did go that took me.in to Many ucBin. I could get no information from traders outside, and no iight could be obtained from the Manyuema within — they never travel, and it was so of old. They consist of pretty headmanships, and each brings his grievance from some old feud, which is worse than our old Highland ancestors. Every head man of a hamlet would like to see every other ruling blockhead slain. But all were kind to strangers -, and though terrible fellows among themselves, with their large spears and huge wooden shields, they were never known to injure foreigners till slavers tried the effects of gunshot upon them and captured their women and children. As I coulJ get no geographical information from them, I had to feel my way, and grope in the interminable forests and paraies, and three times took the wrong direction, going northerly, not knowing that the great river makes immense sweeps to the nest and south.west. It seemed as if I . were running- ' my head ajainrt a stone ?rail. It mi^ht after all turn out to be tlie CoBfO; and who would mk being eaten and converted into black man for it ? 1 had serious dotebts, but stuck to it like ii Briton* and at lost found that the mighty river left its1 westing and flowed: right aw.-yytothe north. The two great western drains, :'..? Xofira and Lont*me, rnnong north-east before joining' the central or znaiti stream— Webb's Lutriabi— told that the western side ef the Great Volley was fcizb. like the eastern : and as this main is reported to gjr into large ir*ty lakes, it can scarcely fee aught else Bnt: the western ati of the Nile. But, beai&eall; this— in which it is quitepoas'ble I may be mistakes— we havo tt& fountains on probably the seventh hucdred miles of tfte watershed, firing rise to two rivers — tbe Liambai, or Upper Zamfew, and the Knfue, whicbSoir into Inner Ethiopia; and two foun tains are rerouted to rise iu i8e snme Quarter:, forminir Lufira and Lbcurae, which flow, aa we have- seen, to the North. These four full-grown gushing fountains rising so near eazh other, and jriv&ig; origin to foar large rivers, answer, iit a certain degree, to the itasenp tiou given of the wrfafiomable fountains of the fiJJe by the secretary of Minerva, in tho cftv'of Sais in Egypt, to' tbe father of all' travellers, Herodotus. But I Bave t*- confess that it is a little presumptuohs inmcto-jsnt tbis forward in Central Africa, and without a 8uipe Book of reference, on tbe dim recollection of reading ibe ancient historian in boyhood. The waters were said ix* well no from an unfathomable depth, and then nart,. baJPnorlh to Egypt and* half south to Inner Ethiopia. Noirl bave heard of thef fountains afore-mentioned so oftemthat I cannot doubfc their existence, and I wish to clear Tt)- the point in my concluding trip. I am not to be considered as Hpuaking without hesitation, but pre pared, if I see reason, to confess myaelf wrong.' No one would l:i:o to be considered'^ disciple of tbe testy, o d, would-be- geographer, who wrote ' Inner Africa liid open,' and swore to his fancies till he became blue iu the face. The work would itll have been finished long ago had the matter of supplies of men and goods not ieen entrusted by mistake to Banians and their slaves, whose efforts were all faithfully directed towards securing my failure. These Banians are pro tected English subjects, and by their money, their muskets; their ammunition, the iliatt African Moslem slave trade is mainly carried on. The cunning East Indians secure most of the profits of tbe slave trgde, and adroitly let the odium rest on their Arab agents. The Banians will not harm a flea or mosquito, but my progress in geography has led m' to the discoi'i ry that they are by far the worst cannibals in all Africa. They compass, by means of Arab agents, the destruction of more humau lives for gain in one year than the Many- ? ueina do for their flesh-pots in ten. The matter of supplies and men was unwittingly committed to these our Indian fellow- subject*, who bate to see me in their slave-market, and dread my disclosures ou the infamous part they play. The slaves were all imbued with the idea that they were not to follow but force me back, and after rioting on my goods for sixteen months on the wny instead of tbrcCj the whole remaining stock was sold off for slaves and ivory. Some of the slaves who came to Manyuema so biffled nnd worried me that 1 had to return between 500 and GW miles. The only help I have received, except half a supply which I despatched from Zanzibar in 18GG has been from Mr. Stanley, j-our travelling correspondent, and certain remains of stores which I seized from the slaves sent from Zanzibar seventeen months ago — and I had to come bock 300 miles to effect the seizure. 1 wait here— Unya'hyembe— only till Mr Stanley can f-enii me fifty free men from the const, and then I proceed to finish up the geographical part of my mission. I come back to tbe slavery question, and if I uni permitted in any way to promote its suppression I ehull not grudge the toil and time I have spent. It would be tatter to lessen human woe than discover the source of tho Nile. When parties leave Ujiji to go westward into M.invnema the auestion asked is not what goods they have, but how many guns and kegs of gun powder. If they have 200 or 300 inusketB and ammunition in proportion, they think success is certain. No traders having ever before entered JIanyuema, the value of ivory was quite unknown. Indeed the tusks were left in the forests with the other bones where the animals had been, slain -many were rotten, others were gnawed by a rodent animal to sharpen hU teeth, as Lou don rats do on leaden pipes. If civilly treated, the people went into the forest to spots where they knew elephants had been killed either by traps or spears; and brought the tusks for a few copper bracelets. I have seen parties return with so much ivory they carried it by three relays of hundreds of slaves. But even this did not satisfy human greed. The Manyuema were found to be terrified by the report of guns; some, I know, believed them to be supernatural, for when the effects of a mns ket ball was shown on a soat, they looked up to the clouds, and offered to bring ivory to buy the charm by which lightning was drawn down. When a village was assaulted, the men fled in terror, and the women and children were captured. Many of the Mauyuema women, especially far down tho Lualaba, are very lipht coloured and lovely. It was common to hear tbe Zan zibar slaves— whose faces resemble the features of Lon don door-knockers, which some atrocious ironfonnder thought were Jike those of lions — say to each other, ' Oh, if we had Manyuema wives, what pretty children we should get ! ' Manyuema men and women were all vastly superior to the slaves, who evidently felt the in feriority they had acquired by wallowing in the mire of bondage. Many of the men were tall, strapping fel lows, with but little of what we think distinctive of the negro about them. If one relied on the teachings of phrenolojry, the Manyuema men would take a high place in the human family. They felt their superiority, and often said, truly, ' Were it not for firearms, not one of the strangers would ever leave our country.' If a comparison were instituted, aud Manyuema, taken at random, placed opposite say the members of the Anthro pological Society of London, clad like them in kilts of grass cloth, I should like to take my place alongside the Manyuema, on the principle of preferring the company of my betters ; the philisophers would look woe fully scraggy. But though the ' inferior race,' as we compassionately call them, have finely formed heads, and often handsome features, they are undoubtedly cannibals. It was more difficult to oscer ain this than may be imagined. Some think that they can detect the gnawings of the canine teeth of our cannibal ances try on fossil bones, though the canine teeth of dogs are pretty much like human. ' For many a month nil the evidence I could collect amounted only to what woulo lead a Scotch jury to give a verdict of ' uot proven.' This arose partly from the fellows being fond of a joke, nnd they like to horrify any one who seumed credulous. They led one of my people, who believed all they said, to see the skull of a recent human victim, and he invited me in triumph. I found it to be tbe skull of a gorilla -here called Soko— and for the first time became aware of the existence of the animnl there. The coun try abounds in food of all kinds, and the rich soil raises everything planted in great luxuriance. A friend of mine tried rice, and in between three and four months it yielded one hundred aud twenty fold ; three measures ox seea yieiaea .inree nunarea auu tn*.\,y measures. Mnize is so abundant that T have Been forty fife JoodB, each about 601bs, given for a single goat. The 'maize-dura '-or holcus sorghum Tennteetwn cassava— sweat potatoes, and yams, furnished in no Btinted measure the farinaceous ingredients of diet ; the palm oil, the ground nuts, and a forest tree afford the fatty materials of food ; bananas and plantains, in ?great profusion, and the sugar-cane yield saccharine ; the palm toddy, beer of bananaB, tobacco and bange, canabis saliva, form the luxuries of life; and the ?villages swarm with goats, sheep, dogs, pigs, and fowls ; while the elephants, buffaloes, zebras, and sokos, or gorillas, yield to the expert hunter plenty of nitrogen ous ingredients of human food. It was pnzzlingto see why they ehonld be cannibals. New Zealanders, we were told, were cannibals because they had killed all their gigantic birds (moa, &c.;), and they were converted from the man-eating persuasion by the introduction of pigs; but the Manyuema have plenty of pigs and other domestic animals, and vet thev are cannibals. Into the reasons for their oannibalism I do not enter. They say that human flesh is not equal to that of goats or pigs : it is saltish, and makes them dream of the dead. Why fine-looking men like them should be so low in the moral scale can only be attributed to the non-introduction of that religion which makes those distinctions among men which phrenology and other ologies cannot explain. . The religion of Christ is un questionably the best forman. I refer to it not as the Protestant, the Catholic, the Greek, or any other bat to the comprehensive faith which has spread more widely over the world than most people imagine, and whose votaries of whatever name are better men Uian any outside the pale. 'We lave, no doubt, grevious faults, but these, as in Paris, are owing to the want of religion. Christians generally are better than the heathens, bnt often don't know it, and they are all immeasurably better than they believe each other to be. The Manyuema women, especially far down the Lualaba, are very pretty and very industrious. The market is, -with them, a great institution, and they work hard and carry far, iu order to have something to sell. Markets are established about 10 or 15 miles apart. There those who raise cassava, maize, grain, sweet potatoes, exchange them for oil, salt, pepper, fish, and other relishes; fowls, also pigs, goats, grass cloth, mats, and other articles change hands. All are dressed in their best-gaudy- coloured, many-folded kilts that reach from the waist to the knee. When 2000 or 3000 are together they enforce justice, though chiefly women, and they are bo eager traders they set off in companies by night, and begin to run as soon as they come within the hum arising from hundreds of voices. To haggle, and joke, and laugh, and cheat seems to be the dearest enjoyment of their fife. They confer great benefits upon each other. The Bazc'nya women arc expert divers for oysters, and they barter them and fish for farinaceous food with the women on the east coast of the Lualaba, wh-- prefer cultivating tbe soil to fishery. I The Manyuema bun always told us that women going I to market were neref molested. When the men of two I distriits were engaged in actual hostilities the 1 women pofcsed tbrooj^a from one market to another unharmed; to take her goods, even in War, was a thing not to be done. But at tbcw market women the half-cartes directed their guns. To caseB that came under my own observation were so sickening I cannoi allow the mind to dwell upon or write about them. Many of Ijoth sexes were killed, but the women and children chiefly were made captives. No matter bow much ivory they obtained , these ' Nigger Moslems' must have slaves, anil they assaulted the markets and villages, and made captives chiefly as it appeared to me, because, as the men run off at the report of guns, they could do it without danger. I £od no idea before bow bloodthirsty men can- be when they dap pour out the blood of fellow-men in safety. And offl this carnage is going on in Manyuenm at the very timer I write. It is the Banians, our protected ladian fellow esbjects, that indirectly do it all ! We Ubtc conceded to She Sultan of Zanzibar the right, which it was not ours'to give, of a certain amonnt of slave trading, and thatamount has been from 12,000 to 20,000 a year. As we bwe eeen, thesearcnot traded for but murdered for. They ere not slaves, but free people made capti™. A Snl tan, witKaeense of justice would, instead of takiESpbead money declare that all were free as soon ao- they reached* Bis territory. But the Banians have tbr cus tom-hones, sod all the Snlten'e revenue entirely in their hands. He cannot trnst his Mahometan eubjtots, even of flier better class, to farm his income, because, «3 they themselves my, he would get nothing in return but a crop of Kes- The Banians naturally work the cuEicm house so as to 9cr«n their own slaving agents; and, ao long as tbey have the power to promote it, tneir dtrocious 6j3tem ef ekiving w3l Bever cease. For th? sake of lawSul commerce, it would be politic to insist that the SulfcBn'8 revenue by the enstom-bonse should so placed in the hanife of au Engfiah or American mer chant of lcnoxn reparation and uprightness. By this ivrangcment the Sultan would be largely benefited, l^gal commerce- would be exalted to a position it has never held sinct- BouiaBo and Moatems emigrated into Eastern Africa,, and Cnristianily, to which ths slave trade is an iusurmouutnibic barrier, would find an open door. DAVID LIVINGSTONE. Jcmes Gordon Eeutiett, Esq. We take the- following extract from n letter from a- Cape Town firm, received at Addaide. ' Diamond eoutinaeta be found,. but not in the uustttiutiUMeaof sixor nine moiiUis njro. There has been mndi rush, buying and Ehinpinaot tlieni t» England, :uii heavy sums litot. Tnc quantity shipped can never be known, for besides lurge ainouiit-uii ship's pa|Kiii, private i'ilivii]uals and the pust offii», in letters, hare coiuejed vast numbers. Tbe trade is now liiiilingits level. Itisone retiring eomoknrm-ledueuf the intrinsic vnlue of the gem ijtits mmiy varieties, and as mud i capital as tlO.OOfr can be locked up iu nn envelujie and bougluaar day in CapeTuwn. KurEnme innntllstlie quan- tity sold in Ciijw Town averaged £10U0 a duy at public sale, and tills buta traction In. what changed lumts privately, lie sidi-s what was shipped direct. Immigrants continue arriv'ie in frequent small uataliee and going to the fields. What they do beyond losing lliciHoose cash we do nut know. !'-?»? suc ceed. There must be some SO.OUO souls on tile fields. Fortu nately bread: and moat have hitherto been cheap, but flour has lately suddenly advanced from 17s to 20s per lOOlbs., with an idea -that it will Hie higher if Chilian supplies, about which tnere is«ooertainty, do not arrive. Our docks, which are a great success,, urc ? full of shipping, but the numerous steamers now arriving dear on' nil 1 he freight. Exclmngeis now one ]-er cent, discount, 30 ilaj-t, but it fluctuate very much, aocoivling to the qiLautity of diamonds or wool eivinn.'' AccordiiigitO' the pastoral correspondent of he ilaitland Mercury consineruhleexoitcment prevails, caused by the reported discovery of extensive dermsits mt tin ore on the Upper Puters.n and Altyn Rivers. For some r-onsidfirauje time past rumoure-have been current tliattin had been found, ; in dillerent parts of the district, and at various times samples i 'f supposed tin ore had been sent down to Mailland and \ Sydney to be tested, asto their value, but bave been vmfiivour- i alily reported ujmn— some of whici it was stated, contained no tin at all, whilst others, it was said, contained such a small ' per centage of tin, that it would not piy for working. How- , ever, the evident existence of tin in our monntain ranges, from these samples luring been esUlilish'd, lias stimulated parties to enlarge thcir.search fur more extensive deposits, which are now reported to have been discovered, on Government land, known as the Bald Hills, about three miles from Caergurle, the estate of W. B. Boydell, Esq., and about twenty-five miles from this town. We have benn shown some of the samples procured from this new discovery, and which are reported to contain from thirty to sixty per cent, of tin. Large quantities of the land have already been taken up undor, mineral, liases ; we have heard that as much ns four hunth-eti acres have ulready been taken up by different partiCB, who liave taken up blocks ranging from one hundred acres down to ten acres. We learn also tliat. a resident licensed surveyor lias received instructions from Government 10 at once pv°-Kerl, and mark out the various blocks applied for, and that work in procuring the ore will be very shortly commenced. 