Local & GeneralNews. NEW SOUTH WALKS MEDICAI, GAZETTE.— The April monthly number of this periodical is to bard. It opens wth a contributed article <• on enses of tetanus," giving the course of treatment pursued therein by the writer—Dr. Bennett. There are also several other valuable articles " On the Causes and Symptoms of J Acute Diseases " Poisoned Bocks," &c.;, &c.; ' NOWHA MDHICIPAI COUHCIL.—In conse- | quom-p of the somewhajt lenRtly ^portftof the Bronghton Creek, Broughton Vale, and Nu'inbn Municipal Councils this week, we are compelled to hold over our report of tho Nowra Council till next week. NKWS FBDM BBAIDWOOD. — We leoru from Braidwood that Michael Herbert Condon, who was an unsuccessful candidate at the Iiraidwood election, baa at last been returned to tho House—(of Correction)— he having given a itriking proof to a gentleman at Nelligen of hie political prowess. While in the House, we have no doubt Mr. M. H.C. will pour forth ; 4 'tbe sintirocnts ov bis hart" to bis" brother M.P.'s— (Merry " Prisoners)—wbo will be highly edified with the political harangues of the new member. It is ! said, however, that after the lapse of-one month, tho proper officer will declare the teat as well OB tbo head of tho candidate to be vacant. THE EXHIBITION.—The Minister for Works has informed* the Council of the Agricultural Sopioty* that exenrsion tickets will be issued during tho continuance of the forthcoming Exhibition, from all stations to Sydney at a siuglo fare for the double journey. Thoso tickets will bo available for ten days. ,We presume tho steam company will, with tlie samo liberality,' also giro the residents of tbo coast distriots an opportunity ofvisitibg^Bydney at reduced fares, M. VEDTELU'S PEEFOBMANCE. — The re nowned Vcrtelli, tho tight-rope walker and magician, with Miss Eugenie, the lady gymnastj have been giving -sonio of their excellent performances in bhoalhaven during the week. On Tuesday cyening last they were greeted with a largo and highly pleased audience at Pyrce, the largo schoolhouso there being crowded to excess Beforo proceeding any further, wo have here to state with regret that a somewhat serious acci dent occurred to Mr. Vcrtelli and Miss Eugenie in coming from Tomerong to Shoalhavcn. When within a couple of miles of tho town, tho vehicle in which they wero riding was capsized, dashing the occupants heavily to tho ground, both lady and gentleman iiorrottly escaping boing killed. A few rattier unpleasant bruises, however, was all that was felt, with tho exception of M. Vertelli's arm just above the wrist being slightly sprained. This mishap has prevented the wire-cord performance, which wo had tbo pleasuro' of witnessing in Braidwood, and which multitudes of people used to assemble nightly to witness. We are glad to stato that tho performors have sufficiently recovered to enable them to ascend tho rope on Monday night next at Numba, and afterwards perform in the iioug Room. On Wednesday evening last, tho tcmplo of magic was opened at tho Tcmperanco Hall, Tcrrara, to a good house. Tbo performance commenced by tho farfamed Grc-ealinfe trick, M. Vertelli swallowing tho firo and afterwards producing yards upon yards of ribbon and a numbor of foathcrs from his mouth, ultimately producing a crowd of tin cups from amongst the ribbons. The top-spinning, which was first introduced by tho Japubcsc, was done in a marvellous manner, tho top being made to travel along a.piecejof cotton. In fact, M. Vcrtelli seemed to bo able to mako the top? spin anywhere and anyhow. Another of the Japanese tricks', :;.tfjO butterfly illusion, was douc'in a manner which equalled if not surpassed those elever conjurors. During the performance M. Vcrtelli introduced tho wonderful art o F ventriloquism, -mid it was done in so cxccllonl a manner which mado it, in our opinion,:tho leading piccc of tho evening. A very clever trick, the witch's pole, was introduced by M. Vcrtelli, who distributed a number of cards amongst tho.audience, and after collecting them they were placed on the pole, and upon M. Vcrtelli calling thom by their numbers they rose out of the pack. Last cvoning thoy performed at Nowra, and to-night tho residents ofBoolong will have an opportunity of enjoying a treat, as Mr Vcrtelli intends playing at that placc at Mr J. M'Guiro's. On Tuesday evening next, they appear at Broughton Creek. THE NEW PAKOBAMA IN SVUNET. — Tho opening of the new panorama at the -School of Arts in Sydney, on Monday night, was, con sidering the general reticence of metropolitan audicnces, a complete success. This informatian is not grounded upon hearsay or from any clippings of Sydney papers, for Mr Watson, of this journal; was present. As distinctive from other panoramas, tbo paintings aro most decidedly illustrative of tbo advance of modern Teutonic art. They aro not so " flash," to use a colonial term, as the American productions, but they decidedly—illustrated as they aro by a well composed descriptive lecture—appeal to tho heart, and lead the spcctatator, while realising tho horrors of war, and excessive revolutionary cmcutcs, to encourage the hope that the advance of civilization will cause our Snydcrs to be simply used as pop*guns, while our sabres should bo converted into rcaping- books. There are forty views, covering over 4000 feet of canvass, embracing tbe principal eventB of tho war up to the surrender of Napoleon after • Sedan. Tho destruction of one • column of Vonflonip, and tho destruction of the Palais de Justice by tho .Communists are introduced at the finale. Tbo latter scene is admirably enriched with mechanical effects, while the entry of the conquerors into Pans (and in fact all the set scenes) is crowded .with novel automate. The exhibition reflects much credit upon the proprietors, Messrs Martin and Kartzman, whom we bayo the honor of enrolling in our numinous list of Braidwood friends. RASNWICE .RACES.—Tho settling over , the lato Randwick Autumn Meeting took place at Tattcrsall's last night—Mr Richard Driver in the chair. The following amonnts won at the masting were paid over;—Mr Xamobl, £883 10s.; MrG. Lee, £737; Mr P. Lewis, £576 10s.; Mr J. Boss, £40410s.; Mr J. Tait, £27410s.; Mr E. Lee, £245 ; MrE. De Mcstfi), £135; Mr Wilson, £1?8 ; Mr Osborne, £98; Mr A. Town, £7910s,; Mr 1>. M*yne, £7610s.; Mr] Ivoiy, £04; Mr T. Lee, £64; Mr R. Rouse, £2810s.; Mr B. Richards, £14 10s.; Mr Allwriglit, £10 ; and numerous smaller sums. 33ie.«&ainiiBn; proposed thb iealthp of Messrs Lainond,Lec^ ahd'^thcr winners, which wero duly responded to, Tho healUiB of the losers were proposed, and Messrs Winch and Saqui responded. Mr Dodds proposed the health ol the Press of the colonies. Mr Pickering returned thanks. Hie general settling was then proceeded with, and was not very satisfactory .—Herald. NEW JounNAi..—A new journal in the squatting'interests has been published in Sydney. It is called the Pastoral Register. POLITICAL ROMODOS.—Sjdney Punch say61 I'he air iB heavy with tbo lies of rumour. Still, from out of the.lot, somo ttuthr.iqny bB extracted.' It is rumoured that I*avij] Buchanan will be Attorney-General whether or no; that William Cummings, the eloquent, will be Treasurer, under a new and still more compli« cated combination than the last; that Sir James Martin will be elected Generalissimo of . the Forces.of Hew South Wales, and Mr Windeyer Master of the Horse. Mr Robortson retires on his reputation, which,, it is thought, will be ample for the rest of his life. ; There are other rumours of more reliable character, A MAOPL—An old Maori named Kipi, in the Wellington' .province, was-scccntly attacked with l low feyer. Hearing ibat the malady was contagious; lie shot himself to prevent its spreading among bis people. GEAFTON.—The Clarence Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Society's show, was held at Grafton on Wednesday.' 1 Ibe exhibits of horses, cattlo, and implements were very good, tbo other sections poor. The attendance was largo, over 1300 persons being prosont. CEOWN PBOSECDTOE.—Mr R. M. Isaacs baa been' appointed—Crown' Prosecutor-for tho Western Districts vice Chambers resigned. THE REERTTS OF THE GESKBAL ELECTION.— Of the 72 members of tho late .Assembly, 41 havo bceu re-elected. Of tlie remaining 28 now members, twenty-one have never Lad a scat beforo and soven were members in former Parliaments. Referring to tho Wostcrn Gold Fields Election, the Evening News says :— Some facts connected with the lato contest for tho Wcstorn Goldficlds are remarkAblo enough to be worth notice. There wero four candidates,, and no less than thirty-four polling-places.' At three .of those—viz., Tuena, Lucknow, and Carcoar—tbo highest nnmbor polled for any candidate was one, and the total numbor of votes polled for all four candidates atthu three places was seven. In six polling places tho tottii number polled was twenty-four, being an average of four votes for each polling place. In no instance, in fifteen uf the polling placcs, did tho total number of votes recorded for all tho Candidates amount to thirty; indeed, the average number of all tho votes recorded in these fifteen places was but fifteen. In seven of the polling places tho successful candidate, Mr D. Buchanan, did not rcceivo a single vote, and he was in tho minority twenty-four places out of thirty-four. His total ' was 1727, while Mr Church, whoso total was but 710, had a majority in twelve pollfng placo*. Altogether 3019 yotes wero recorded; of thoso 114 wero informal. Out of the thirty-four polling placos, seventeen of them polled collectively lnit 306 votes, or an avorago of eighteen votes to each polling placc ; while in the remaining seventeen placcs thero were 3613 votes polled, or an avcrago of 212 to each polling placc. We think tho aboyc figures show that there wero at least doublo tho number of polling placos established that thore ought to have been, l'o appoint placos_whcrp there were only two or three votes received, seemB carrying the thing to tho extreme of absurdit . « TUB PABBAHATXA RIV-EB MUBDEBS.—Tho information published representing that tho bodv of a third murdered man had been found in or near the Parramatta River, turn? out to have been incorrect, the Inspector General of Police haring been informed that Mr J. D. Irvino—who was reported missing during tho Parramatta Riyer murder excitement was. recently seen at tho Blackboy diggings near Launcoston, Tasmania. In Sydney Punch, there is produced a fine and most touching cartoon on the Pnrramatta River tragodies. It represents JUSTICE standing on tho bank of tho river opposite to where tho faeo and hands of tho body nf the man Bridgcr may faff notiocd above the eurface of the still water of the .shadowed and secluded bay. Tho tlguro would appear to have been guided to the spot by a -bright star which is represented aboyc her head. The sword of judgment is poised upon lior right, shoulder, while tho scales of justico- may bo observed within a band which encircles her waist. The left arm hangs bare, and points with the fore finger to the distorted oorpse of tho murdorod man in tho river, whilo' the cyos aro tamed towarBs heaven, with an expression as if tho lips wore uttering tho words which constitute tbo title of tho engraving, "Fiat Justitia"—let justico be duno. The following words, from tho second Scene in tho first Act of Hamlet, follow the title— " F nl deeds will l lse. Though Bit the woH' oVrirhelra them, to nun's e*is." BAPTISM IN A RIVKB.—During the tour mado by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, the following incident occurred:—In the afternoon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spcctaclo Was witnessed in tho immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, • Jidminisf erad^ko sacrament of .baptism totmt adults, a brother aud a sister, in tbe Tiiross River. For some years the subject of their baptism hod been under consideration by the successive clergy of the' district, Boing satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Fishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptize them by imniersion. A congregation being assembled on the. margin of tho Tuross River, the scrvico for the " public baptism of sucb as are of riper years " was read by the ' Rev. Mr Love and the Bfehop. 'They then both entered the river to a sufficient. depth* leading the male adult by the hand; tho Bishop pronounced the wordB," I baptise thee iu the name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," be was completely immersed in the water. Haying raised him, aad, "received bim unto tbe congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with tho sister. Standing on either side, ocd firmly bidding thendult by the handj they dipped thp catechumen entirely into tbe water, in accord- - once with the alternative in tiie nitric of the service for adult baptism—^enfl ehtrildip him in the water. &C;," ' It was a soene never to lie forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised.to seethe. Bishop walking steadily into defcp water, being himself considerably immersed. • The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep im-^ prcssion, and the baptized persona were rnjicit affected.— Goulburn Herald, Cattle Disease.—A singular disease is : destroying the cattle about Eed Bank. We understand the symptoms are alik^in all cnses. bat that no one'bas been table to recognise the disease. After death the btomach is found to be full of wprms about fcu inch long and unusually broad. 'These creep into the throats Of the cattle In largo iiumbers ! and'seem to eudbcatfc theta.— Manning fiiver News. A " PAST GIBG."—It mast bo fresh jo the •recollection of our readers' that a charge of a frost heinous nature was preferred at the Cooma Police Court by a daughter against her own father, and the eridenoe of theprosecutrix impelled the Bench fa Commit the' defendant to a higher Court, before which be teter -appeared, the Attorney-Generali'hayirig, in his capacity as Grand Juror, entered a NOLi,k ' PBOSEtJirt. A review of ihe fevidenceshbws that a inan named Eodhatn was charged. on, the. .4th' December last, with ncglecting to support his daughter Ann, who is 14 years of ago.. In ,the courae of statement the girl accused her father of taking liberties withber, andjsaid it was.through that alleged Unnatural treatment'siibuad placed herself under the protection of the Police Magistrate., Whilst the defendant was under •committal, Captain Battyc provided the prose ;utrix with shelter. On the night of the 19th March, at lO^p'slock. A no.,Tfodl)Mii jytirnd with tlie ostensible purpose of having rest. She was missed from her sleeping apart men tat about 11 o'clock that night, and it was ascertained that slie had dressed herself and proceeded up the town. She stayed out for the greater part -of the night in company with two or three fast;" young men. Towarcs 3 o'clock on the morning of tho 14th instant, bIio knocked at the door of a respectable married townsman, who opened his door and asked her business. She wanted a drink of water, which having been supplied, ho asked her if she was not afraid to be out at that late hour by ber&elf.; She said not, adding " It is nothing when you're used to it." She returned before daylight to the home that had been prepared for her, and went, to bed. Sho was afterwards arrested and convcyed|to the lockup, where she was searched and money found upon her. Such is the history or a girl 14 years of age, who hesitated not to accuso her father of a grievous offence. Had not this trait of the wretched girl's character seen the light, an old mab might have forfeited,this good reputation forever. The Cooma Bcnch ordered that Ann Rodham should be sent to the Biloela Reformatory.—Mercury. ExrnAOBDiNAnY Accident.—An accident of a singular character (the Dubbo Dispatch reports) occurred to a man named James Donnelly, ou Friday last. Bio was driving horses at a place called Old Arbour, about twenty miles from Dabbo, and as he was going along a stick sprang up and hit the horse on which ho was mounted. The blow was a most severe one, for immediately the animal dropped -dead, rolling oyfcr the riJor, and breaking three ribs and his collarbone. Donnelly walked three miles after the.accident before he reocired any .aid. Getting a Billet—A man giving the name of M'Gregor (says the Wagga Wn^ga Advertiser) anncdjffitU a big-stick and frittifind. -with sundry noblers, the wherewithal for which ho had «od£cd from tho charitable, deliberately walked up to Mr J. T. Roberta's store in Newtown, on Wednesday afternoon, and smashed a plate-glass window yalued at £14. The only reason the scoundrel assigned for tho act was •that he hud walked four hundred miles in search of work and wanted to get into gaol. He was brought before tho Bench next day and got his wish, bning acooflwaodated with two months. Good Fjjiday in Melbocunb.—Tho Melbourne correspondent of tho Sydney Morning Herald, in commenting upon the manner in which last Goofl Friday was observed in that city, says;—" Tliuro is ono thing in connection with our Easter holidays and demonstrations which could not fail to excite a good deal of notice, although there has been vory little of what people thought about it put into print. I allude to the general secularising of Good Fri day. Although it is one of ihose days set apart for solemn observance by tho Episcopal and Uoman Catholic Churches, there has always been a large section of the Protestants of other ^.denominations who have refused to recognise it; but there has never before been such en open •disregard of the religious associations of the day .on the part of large numbers of persons who maybe presumed to belong to the Church of England. Tho tnflitary manoeuvres of the Volunteers were commenced on Good Friday, and tho supposed army of invaders wcro being repelled, and were ultimately defeated, in the presence of thousands of spectators, while the Churches wcro celebrating Divine service, or the strict disciples of Episcopacy or of the Itoman Catholic wcro fasting at home. Then again, (ho newspapers not only contained notices (which were quite usual) of excursions down tho bay, and similar holiday annauncemonts; but tuny -cricket matohea between rival cluibB were fi$edfor that dayj and advertised «s usual; and cohcerts and entertainments of various kinds were given in tho evening. There is something about these anomalous proceedings which outrages the religions feelings of a good many' persons, 'and it is a pity we cannot have an autumnal holiday. set apart for universal observance befare the change of season to winter comes upon uB without associating witb tho boisterous gaity of such a holiday the greatest and most solemnly impressive of all tho events which concern the immortal destiny of our race." POLITICAL.—The latest political r.s DIT is hazarded by the Deniliquin Chronicle, where it is stated " on authority that Sir James Martin lias formed the nucleus of a new Ministry, and that he intends to meet the Douse and uk for . six months' supplies. , The following .are the names already mentioned:—Premier and Colonial Secretary. Mr IV. Forster ; Attorney* General, Sir James Martin; Colonial Treasurer, 'Mr Piddington; Minuter for Works, Sir Sutherland; Minister for Lands, Mr W. Maclfety, the squatting representative of (he Murnfmbidgee; Mimat^ for Minesproposed new. f*>iGcb]f ;Mr: flGrj L. Xnnes ; Postmaster- General fiiMiowjJt Mr Docker, with a seat in the Upper .House] SoHcitor-Gcneral.r .not yet settled. * ,-••*••--; '.* Myetemgits Death.—TheCasitrt correspon dent of the Grafton Observer : states that Air Adams, who has been misring from Wjrallah is reported as being found drowned in tte Richmond River with abullock chain round bis neck, and a kerosene tin full of stones attached (~£>ome time ago a gentleman of this name left this district for Casino.— Ed. 8. N.J Payment ofJurobs off Inquests.—At\ the close *f the proeeedihgs on the inquiry j relative to the death of W. P. Walker, the City Coroner, In reply to a juror, stated that each gentleman wbo had sat upon the case was entitled t*> the munificent sum of 2s. Od. per day— when the Government should be placed in a position to' pay it by the passing of t)ie ; Kstimates. WJien tbe amountwas voted, the other forms were! gone tbrough.a constable would wait upon ! them with the money ; in the meantime it would bo useless to call for. it. Coroner, of course, spoke ironically ; but it jareallyltoo bald that gentlembn should be detained fromlbeirbusineBs—sc>me of whom would, in consequence, lose considerably— and insulted by the'pHer of each a paltry euin^as 2s. 6d.', to be ^i.ad 'goodness knows when. • Of course 'the Coroner is not to blame ;and, -we aappose, nobody is.— OumberlfindMercuiy, Thb Nbw Gbihea Expedition.—-The Auttralwian, in commenting on the ead reedit of the.New Guinea expedition, observes:—Who is to blame for the^ degree of recklessness shown' in the navigation of the ship, and what amount of official neglect was involved in allowing a vessel of such a character to sail away on such a journey with seventy or eighty men, who by an etasive fiction were enrolled as.seamen, IflrwOTkT mg of a snip—the ee are questions which may be the subject of authoritative inquiry. In tbe meantime we have to regret the loss of thirty, or forty brave enterprising men, who perished in the attempt (o push the outposts of civilization into a region hitherto beyond its influence, and to carry on further the work of exploration and settlement in which Englishmen have for the last thrbe centuries been engaged in every quarter of the globe. Fibe at Shelliiabbob. — The Inn owned by Mr It. Martin, known as tbe The • Settlers' Arms, was eutirely destroyed by fire on Monday morning last. The first alatm of the fire appears to have been given by Willie Martin, 9 years of age, who was woke by tbe noiiie of the fire at about halfpast two. Mr Martin and the children made their escape uninjured, lie rose the alarm and by the able assistance of Mr J. Thomas, W. Wilson, and others, tbe fire was'prevented from spreading to the adjoining building owned by Mr Martin. It required great efforts to preyent tbe kitchen and adjoining premises front being burnt. Kinneallv and others proved themselves to be perfect salamanders, enduring heat that weald have fairly roasted some persons. A part of the furniture was saved, but only a small part of the clothing of the family. Tbe premises, stock, and furniture are insured.— Illawarra Mercury. The Nbw Goveunou.—The J new Go- 'vernor-in-Chief of New South Wales Sir Hercules Bobinson, K-C.M.G., arrived in Loudon from bi6 late seat 'of Government at Ceylon on January 31st, He leaves for Sydney by the French mail steamer, via Marseilles, on April 14tb, arriving at Galleon May 6, and thus by anticipating tbe Australian mail-steamer, which does not leave there until May 12, he is afforded time to bring bis family on with h:m to •flvdney. • "It is likely Sir-Hercules will be accompanied by his private secretary, George De Uobecb, Esq., and Captain St. John (late of the 73rd~ regiment). Sir Ilercules EobinBon, while at Ceylon, was respocted by all classes of the community, and during the period of his admirable administration he Was. distinguished fur his private worth and public spirit.. _ Honodeb Confeered ok Colonists.— The Home Jkewt says:—The Quoen has conferred the honour of Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George on Mr Charles Cowper, C.M.G., who bas several times been Fiist Minister of New South Wales, and is now Agent General -'n England for that colony; and on Mr George 12\. Verdon, C.B., wlio for somo years has been Agent-General for the colony of Victoria, and is no-v about to relinquish that office; also tbe honour of Companion of the same order on William Fitzherbet, who has been a leading member of eeycral Administrations in Mew Zealand; on Mr Julius Vogel, now Colonial. Treasurer and Postmaster-General of New Zealand; and on Mr Stephen Walcott, who for inany years has served as Secretary and Commissioner in tbe Colonial Land and Emigration Department.. 