Thursday's Stormt in Ifclbciiirae. ; iiDAMAGE BY FLOOD AND LIGHTNING. On Thursday moruin? a 6tonn bnrst over the city of Alelbonrne nod ilia environs that, for -its -violence -and the suddenness iritli n-Uich it crfmiSate-J hi a flood, has. not bEen parallei«d for years.- The morning; reports ' tbe Age, whose report ere abridge, broke threateningly, and during the first -hours oE (Inyliyht a heavy driztlo descecileilfrom the canopy of leadeu tfouds which' «hnt oat the direct ravs of the snn. Shortybefore 9 o clock some of tho inhabitant!) iu the higher pavtn of the -city, more especially in Fiteroy, became saawble of a -tremu- lous motion, that lasted a few seconds, and is described by a gentleman familiar with such phenomena as resem bling oueof those slight earthquake shocks that are of almost hourly occurrence in some parts of Mexico. In many bouses the window sashes were violently shaken,,, and caps were jingled in their saucers in a maunerthat, to say. tha least of it, was rather ntirtling. ? Shortly after this the first multer'mgs of thunder were keara, gradually becoming less intermittent and increasing in violence as the storm approached. About tea minutes past 9 o'clock, a brilliant flash of forked flams ir&versed; the city from north-west to. south east, and at the same moment tbe thunder pealed wibu n Tioiouce which, uvoa iu rrupiciu vnuiuuns, wuiuh. be regarded as extraordinary. Orash after crash, imd reverberation iiftei1 reverberation followed one another with startling rapidity, nnd when itt last the roar sub 6ided into mutteriugs dying away in tbe distance, the rain came down in a mnuuer that can scarcely be adejuately described by the usual terms applied to ex traordinary rainfalls. It did not descend in defiued drops, but literallv in streams anil sbetta, beating' upon the macadamised streets with a uoise scarcely inferior to that of t\ie thunder, and is all parts oE the city swelling the already considerable streams in the gutters into dangerous torrents. Generally speaking, when there is a particular! v . heavy rainfall the only Hooded arc the lower part of Elizabeth street and the intersection of Bourke and Stvanston streets, but while the pffects of the storm Usted, there was scarcely a crossing in the city over which it was not more or less dangerous to venture. At the spots abore referred to there were of course the greatest accumulations of flood water, and ft r nearly two hours, notwithstanding Dint the rain was of short duration, it was impossible for pedestrians to leave tbe footpaths in any. direction. In Elizabeth-street, trom the past office corner -to helots Collins-strcct, the two main streams, rushing furiously down on cither side, met on the crown of the roadway, and overSoned tbc footpaths to sucli an extent -hat for abont twenty minutes not an inch of ground uninvaded by water could bo dtecorered. Wherever the wooden bridges (very numerous in tlie loner part of BlizabetU Btreet) impeded the progress of the powerful currents, great waves if ere thrown «j-, tbo whole scene, as wit nessed from Flindcrs-strcct, resembling a rapid upon a Canadian, fiver. At the intersection of Bourke and Elizabeth streets ti voun' heifer was carried off its feet. and stuck against the bridge at the south-east comer, where it remnwei nntil the waters bad somewhat sub sided, expressing its terror every now and again by loud voai-s. About half-post 9 o'clock, at the same snot, a telegraph message-boy, mounted on horseback, attempted to cross, but his horse slipped, nnd be was immediately swept; away, and iras rory uciirly drawn under the bridge at what is known as tlie Beehive corner. Be was dashed violently, ognintt it, and was gradual !y being sucked under when a cab-driver, named Michael M'Carthy, pluckily jumped into the stream, and, at the risk of bis own lite, saved that: of Ihe lad, not, however, before both were buffetod about and con siderably bruised. Innumerable cats, dogs, poultry, wai i other 'small deer' were borne dawn, some of which managed to get washed or to scramble on to terra firnia, while most of them completed the passage to the river, and were, of course, drowned. In Swanstou-street the scene was very similar, although the flood there never attained the dimensions that it did in Elizabeth-street. The footpath tra the east-aide of the latter, street was covered to a greater-depth than on the opposite, andcensi aeraoie aamage was uone ro propercj m cne various enops, more particularly between Bourke aad Collins streets. The lightning did serious damage, and it is to be feared that the worst is not yet known, the storm lmving been general over a great portion, if not the whole, of tlie colony. At Kir. C. Uodgkinson'e house, in Hotham street, East Melbourne, a flash of lightning struck the eastern chimney, ran along the roof, and set firu to the rafters, the fire being luckily quenched by tbc heavy chovrer of vain that took i-luce immediately afterwards. The fluid then struck tUe western chimney, which was reduced to a heap of ruins. It then descended iuto Mrs, Hoiigkinsmf a bedroom, forced out bricks, and tore cloivn a portion of the ceiling;. Mrs. Hoclgkinson, who was in bed, received a slight shock, which has dis coloured her bide, and made her so unwell that during the day Jit. Tracy had to be called in. Tho electric fluid then passed into Miss Hodgkiuson's bedroom, doing damage, and striking her on the arm, leaviug a mirk as if boiling water had been poured on it. It then des cended through a verandah tu the l-ack (if the bouse, tearing down woodwork aud heavy timber, reached the kitchen, and struck the scrv&nt; severely on the thigh, leaving a distinct black mark. The whole of the garden and adjoining ground was covered with debris of brick auj wood work, and the house has been left in an almost uninhabitable condition, Mr. Barker, who lives in Powlctt-street, was sitting raiding at an optu window of his house when the discharge took fluid enter the window, travel across the room, and dis. appear up the cliiniuey. Just before the flash, which took place ut 9 o'clock, there tras a. terrific peal of thunder. Mr. King. M.L.A., who was standing in the verandah o£ his liouse in East Melbourne, fclt the build iug 1 rouble to such an extent as to lead him to believe tint the whole cliiice was abont to fall to nieces. :,At 'WiliiumBtowu, the storm raged violently, but no casualty of a serious character occurred. During the storm a horse that was being driven down Mooraljot/lstiwtt, GeeJong, was eo scared by a virid flash of lightning that Ue ran away, and in making for the stable unfortunately mistook the painted glass wiu doiv of Mr. Miller's Prince of Wales Hotel for the door way, the consequence being Ibat tbe entire window was shattered to atoms. The horse ira& brought up stand ing by tbe iron bars placed in front in order to protect the glass, which was very beautifully emblazoned with the Prince of Wales feathers and motto Ich Dien. Tbe horse belonged to Mr. .Miller, nud was driven by an experienced groom named Logie Grant, who declares that tb-! lightning singed tbo horse's toil. Tbe loss to Mr. Miller will be something considerable. The Vaztlvinaine Representative of last night reports that 'a storm of thunder, lightning and rain of unpre cedented violence burst orer tbe -7ast!«maine district this morning. The family of Mr, Wm. Phillips, residing at Ciimpbe l's Creek.ut tuorear of the Weslcyan Chapel, weresitfcinff with closed doors awaiting fora cessation of the war outside, when the gable end of their weather board cottage was torn away and hurled to a. distance of fifty yards. Three persona wcrestruck with force to the ground. Mrs. Phillips was prostrated on lior side, but though paralysed for several minutes, was able to speak to the children around her. Sarah. Mitchell, tlio daughter of a oir.gUhom-, fell down as if dead, as she was supposed to bo for some time. The little boy, William Phillips, was found in a recumbent posture behind the bedroom door, his moula open, nnd face - livid. Mrfl. Phillips was found to be uninjured ; but the girl Mitchell was unconscious, and gave no signs of life. Her countenance was changed to a blue black bue. The boy was soon restored, and pronounced out of danger. Sarah Mitchell bad revived, and some Blight hopes are entertained of her recovery. At Guild ford the storm was experienced very severely, especially as regards tbe rain. Residents who hare been in* the district fifteen or sixteen, years cannot recall a storm of equal violence in so short ft space of time.' 1'he papers of the 14th report that Mrs. and Miss Hodgkinson are rapidly recovering from the shock they are now anticipated. The Castlcmainc ReprcsentaKvt mentions also that iVio boy and girl reported in its previous iEsuo ns having: bean struck by lightning are now considered out of danger. Mary Jane .Mitchell, who suffered worst, recovered perfect consciousness towards the middle of tho day ; and the lad Phillips, beyond some severe pains in bis arm, Buffers no inconvenience. Mr. Plain, living in the same locality (Campbell's Creek) experienced a great shock yesterday morning, paralysing his right arm for some time. On further examination of the girl Mitchell, the mndieal man in attendance found that, the ? leg was tnrned from the knee to tho ankle, the cuticle being destroyed. -A singular fact u mentioned in connection ?with this affair. The girl suffered from tetanic convul sions and rigidity of limb in precisely the fame manner as tbe late Mr. Bonlt, who died during tbe preceding thunderstorm, nnd the peculiarity of whose symptoms led to the suspicion that bis death was not attributable to the lightning, as nt first stated. It now seemBthat the effects on the girl Mitchell were precisely the same. 'i'iie Jiurrangony Argus has a report mi ertenso of u public meeting of ihe members of the Memorial Church of Bt. John and oilier persons, which w«s held in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of taking into ronsideratinn certain chnrges of conduct unbecoming a c-ergvmau, inade against the Ke\'. B. F. Seaborn, and con vevSi in a letter sent by Mr. Jno. Wolfe, tho bailiff of dlrtnct ooiirt and court of requests iu Young, to tlie Bishop of Gflul bnm. Thedwir was taken by Rev. Mr. Dark, of Grenfell, and Rev. 1'. U. Seuuorn was present. Aft-r some discussion the followine resolutions were unauiuipuElynilopted— ' That tlj|« meeting having heard Ihe «hvges that hare been pre ferred to the lord Bishop of Goulburn against the Bev. Mr. Beauorn by Mr. Wolfe, who has now been called npon to sub staiitinte tlie name. Is of opinion that be has entirely fiiil'd to do so, and that tlioce charges ere utterly without foundation, and have been dictated by vindictive and malicious motives.' ' That Uiis meeting desires to record tvs just indignation at the gross and malicious injury that has been attempted in tliislnstanee towards the Bcr. T. B. Beaboru.' An address to Mr. 6eaborn was also carried, and it was received to insti tute a subscription to defray tbe balance of Ills ralar.v. Why is dressing a fatiguing proceEB F— Because it's a-iiring (attiring) yonrsef. STiUe Booligal correspondent of ihe . Say Slamlnrd, on 9th instant, urs.:— On Wednesday mornloj last, about 2 o'clock, a own named John teidon, wlio had been Buffering for four days from delirium taemens, was seen totJitw himself into tlie rircr. The few parties who saw. him commit the Mali ad. were unable to render turn any ossletance. and before aid could be procured lie had disap peared. It is not yet jrttltivejyknown whether lie U drowned or not, os the dtrkuess of tbe nlgbt prevented the lonlcas on from being sure wlinflier the man wn« drowned, or whether lie swam ashore, not it Is the general .opinion that he 4s Urotrnei, Shortly after daylujhton Wednesday the police, trftliA lot of civilians, repilred lothc spot to drag the rirer, ulso^o dive, tin* no trace as yettasbeen found, of tlio body, Joi' u tendon has uee» lately in theemploymentof Mr. Haines, Wilhudra. Pooaflis. — '. Aterning rtuune.' Ulira turkey ire said to be a ghost when it's not a gobliht ? '? ' ? ' ? 