MB. FRANK DUFFTS APPOINT- MENT. Banquo's ghost could hardly have had more terror for Macbeth than the appoint ment question hat for the late Duffy Minis try. At every step it besets them, and eaoh time it is resuscitated its appearance be- oomes more disgusting. At nearly every sitting of tho Assembly, since it was first brought forward, it has presented itself, and last evening, as if to prove that it can not rest, it turned up late at night when the estimates wore under consideration. Mr. A. T. Clark, who has already expressed his bolief that all tho ap pointments made by the late Ministry, and questioned by the House, should be can celled, may be regarded as the medium on thie oooasion, for be objeotedto the vote for two olerks at £225 eaoh in the Crown Soli citor's department, Ms ground of objeotion being that one of those clerks is Mr. Duffy, jun., whose appointment was referred to in the debate on Mr. Ramsay's motion. The objeotion evoked an explanation from the Attorney-General, showing that, whatever has been said about this transaction was more than justifiable. The other olerk is a young gentleinan who, it transpired, had risen from messenger boy in the offioe to head of the fifth class, and who during the last twelve months had been entrusted with the duty of attending Crown proseoutors on circuit. When Mr. Duffy entered the office he entered it as a fourth-olass officer, and was thus placed over the head of a gentleman who had been sixteen years in the service, and was in every way entitled to the first promotion, not simply for praise worthy industry and application in raising himself as he had done for length of ser vice and seniority, but on the recommenda tion of Mr. Travers Adamson, who spoke of Mm as the most efficient and intelligent young man whs had ever attended Mm on oirouit. The present Attorney-General, learning theBO facts from Mr. Gurner, the Crown Solioitor, who corroborated Mr. AdamBon's opinion, felt that an injustice had been done, and therefore promoted the gentleman in question, and replaced Mm in the position he had been deprived of by Mr. Duffy's appointment. The late Attorney- General defended himself at the cost of Mr. Gurner, who, he said, informed him that a olerk oapable of performing this eironit duty was required in the department, and added that had these faots been known to him he would not have placed Mr. Duffy in the position he did. Even Mr. Yale denounoed the treatment the yeung gentleman in question had received at the hands of his own colleagues, while Mr. Longmore suggested that if the Grown So lioitor had been guilty of advising one Minister one way and his suooessor in the opposite, it was neoesBary that it should be inquired into. Perhaps it should, but it does not relieve Mr. Walsh of the responsi bility of having pllantly and without inquiry made such an outrageously unjust appoint ment. The item, after a good deal of talk, was finally agreed to. 