CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of Synod was opened at St. Paul's Church, on Monday morning. May 6, when the Holy Communion was administered to 20 of the clergy, and about an equal number of laymen, by His Lordship the Bishop (Or. Short), who afterwards read the following PASTOBAL ADDRESS. ' Rev. and dear Brethren— The sudden fall of the Temporal Papacy, and the political de cline of those great Powers — France, Austria, and Spain— by which it had previously been sustained, naturally led me in my address last year to consider what might be the effect on the Christian world at large of that great catas trophe; what prospect it opened for reform .within the pale of the Latin Church; and of reconciliation between it and the Greek Com munion, as well those bodies which sprang from the bosom of the Reformation. ''The attempt to rivet on the minds and learfcs of all Roman OalVinUra a. nnmniilnnrv unity of thought and belief by the novel dogma of Papal Infallibility, as might be expected, roused up enquiry and resistance in every part of the 'Roman obedience.' And, on the other hand, a strong yearning for closer fellowship in the Gospel has unmistakeably manifested itself among the various Reformed communions. We jhave seen, for instance, Prelates of our own 'Church in Scotland ministering in the churches of the Presbyterian .Establishment, and amid the graves of the Covenanters, around the old Gray Friars' Church in Edinburgh,, the Dean of Westminster has preached on the new com mandment of Christ * to love one another as He loved us.9 That seed, bo long buried inthe earth; has at length germinated, and put forth a vigorous though yet tender blade. It still needs the continual dew of God's blessing ere the ear shall ripsninto an abundant harvest. -. 'The growing fellowship amongst the Pres byterian bodiesi— whether Scottish, English, or Irish— whether Baptist, Congregational, or Methodist in denomination— has net escaped 'my notice. By interchange of pulpits, by fel lowship in prayer, by holy communion cement ing an Evangelical alliance, by joining together iu tkeir various Church solemnities and chari table institutions, standing side by side on the platform, their original principles of separation. seem to have retired into the background, and their specialties of dogmatic opinion or Church: order praoticaUy reduced to comparative insig nificance. ' Whereto they have attained, they 'walk by. the same -rule,' . ' Surely the Church of England may learn a ? valuable lesson from these their brethren after ?the common faith. Let us rightly, appreciate their growing; fellowship;- let us imitate their, mutual consideration and bearing . one with ianother. .??.'. ' ? ! ?? I . 'Indeed, there are npt wanting many cheer ling signs of a like yearning for outward as well |as: spiritual unanimity among the more earnest .of our clergy in the several Schools of Thought known as Evangelical, Broad, and High Church. 'In proof of this assertion I would point to a late address of the Bev. J. G. Ryle, that [uncompromising defender of Evangelical prin ciples. It was read at Islington, to an assembly of 350 clergy, at .the 45th annual meeting of their Association. - To him had been assigned the duty of opening that most interesting topic of discussion, ' Can a greater amount of unity foe obtained .among 'zealous '.and. pious Church men of different schools of thought ;' and he laid down five admirable rules for bringing about: this, most desirable end: — .cl..To culti vate, the habit of recognising the grace of God. and love to Christ, -wherever that grace and love are to be found. 2. Of speaking charitably add courteously of those who disagree with us. 3\. Of acquainting ourselves accurately with the real opinions and phraseology of -other schools of thought.* 4. Of meeting men of tho se other schools oh neutral ground. 5. Of co-operating in promoting good-objects, whether of a temporal or semi- temporal character, '_ such as sanitary .measures in epidemi.es or charitable relief of the starving populations of Paris or Chicago. . . -.-...:.. ' Surely by acting on these rules much of the apparent division among Churchmen would dis appear. The way a'so would be paved for closer fellowship with those who 'holding the head,' yet seem to' us open to the charge of severing the body of Christ, and assuming dis tinctive appellations, productive at Itast of emulations, if. not of strife. The time .will perhaps arrive when a farther step, which Mr. Kyle recommends, might be wisely taken, namely, procuring private meetings of the leaders of theological thought, representing not merely different schools within the Church, but different Churches or denominations. Luthe rans and old Catholics might thus approach each - other. The Episcopalian and Presbyterian by this means harmonise their differences. The residuum of irreconcilable disagreement would be found oerhaos among orthodox Christians infinitesimally small compared with its seeming present i magnitude. ' It is the happiness, indeed, of the present age that theological discussions are carried on. with more of Christian courtesy, although re ligious convictions are held with no less tenaoity than of yore. Whatever, appears to the in dividual mind unwarranted by Scripture, or at variance with Apostolic order, is condemned without compromise or hesitation,1 Still, men. judge nothing of each other before the time, and thus enlightened reason has a better chance, of making -: its voice heard iamid 'the strife jof : tongues. Points at issue are more likely to be duly weighed and reduced to their proper pro portions, much latent unity of thought and feeling will thus probably be brought to lieht.- and something more than- an union of compromise . or. indifference established. Mr. - Ryle closed bis. speech iu these emphatic, words, ' Fathers and brethren, let us long for unity, pray for unity, work for unity, make - sacrifices for unity, with -all pious, and zealous, ? and genuine Churchmen, by whatever, name they may be called ; butfnever let bur thirst for unity tempt us to forsake our- old evangelical principles.' When we reflect on the waste of fore?, time, and money occasioned by' the over* lapping of Christian agencies in the workof pro pagating the Gospel,' the difficulties thrown in the way of missions among the heathens by such . yariety, the sjpmtof rivalry and amount of sell opinion which .they engender, and finally,' their palpable antagonism to the prayer of our Lord [or His Apostles and.* all ^ who should believe through: their word, that Jthey might be one';': if , I say, we reflect on these things we shall be ? more disposed to labor for unity among ourselves as Churohmen, . and. to facilitate as far -as we can the,; joining together again, and-., compacting of the v^hole body^f which' Christ is the Head. Oneiiindrance to such a reunioa is found in. the Atnanasian Creed. During the last twelvemonth, kttentiohlias been againawakened to this formu lary, as causing, many lb stancl ^poi from pjar Church. ' It islused.thartaBn times in. her service .; during the y.ear, andiri the 8th Article it is said * that it may oe proved ~bj mosl cei^aia warranty of Scripture..' . Admitting jUiis'to' be true of the substance of the doctrine, are-the damnatory or inbnjLtorjr clauses necessary? ..If so, (wUy did. they nojt.find aplace iii the, two earlier Creeas? ? 'That God is 'revealed,tb us .in, 'Trinity of Person yet. One in essence 'is !evjdenjfc',^rom the name infe-' which we. ire baptized ftfr father, Bon, and Holy Ghost. This is the meaning of the New. Testament as.jinteqjret'ea by theCcpn-; sentient witness of 'the Chuxch^from the begin. tang. Nor is it uncharitable if, as 'the pillar ' iind grouba o'f th'atru),h,'. she warns all! men of their 'danger in negleetiirig, mutilating, or, cor i-untins ihefaith necessarr. for salvation. Love itself bids us, when we' see any one jin 'a sin Unto death,' ' warn niin sharply of his .danger. More than this our Church does not wish to do. It is the substance of the faith for which she contends. This is plain from the Bubric — * The condemning clauaeB are to be understood as relating only to those who obstinately deny the substance of the Christian faith,' sought to be introduced in 1689 by the Boyal Commis sioners for flie revision of the Liturgy; also by the following 'note, recommended by a majority of the late Ritual Commission—' That the com. clemnations in this confession, of faith are to be( no otherwise understood than as a solomn' warning of the peril of tliose who wilfully re ject the Catholic faith.' ' I 'But such dogmatic interpretations pf passages in the . Prayer-book are dangerous in prinoiphs and unsatisfactoiy inj effect, for they leave unaltered the language which offends. Surely what the Church teaches it should teach in no uncertain terms. Bather than omit the Creed I would erase the condemnatory clauses which have no place in the Nicene formulary. On this point the history of the Creed becomes of importance, and we may fairly refuse to accept the dogmatic decrees of the eighth century, or even the fifth, consistently with the due deference we pay to the mind of the Church, which bears the stamp of Apostolic antiquity and Catholic consent. 'Proposed Alteration in the Prayer-hook. — The Archbishop and Bishops have proposed to Convocation a plan for giving greater elasticity and variety to the services of our Liturgy. The order of morning and evening prayer is left un touched, but it is proposed to allow to Incum bents, with approval of the Bishop, free selec tion of Psalms, lessons, and prayers from the Prayer-book for a third service on the Lord's Day ; also to authorise the separate use of the Litany and other services, and to abbreviate the daily prayer by omission of certain parts. ' These changes will be welcome to many who delight to frequent daily the house of prayer, yet are tied down to fixed hours of business. They may also remove objections to liturgical forms rendered too rigid and unadaptive by the Act of Uniformity. Thus may -be brought about a wider acceptance of the Book of Common Prayer. Already, it is stated by the Press that the new Lectionary has been ap proved and sanctioned among the Wesleyau Methodists. As education becomes more general and higher in its character, devotional taste will demand that congregational prayer shall clothe itself with language suited to the greatness and solemnity of the occasion. And what language can surpass in strength and fer vency that of our Prayer-book ? ' English _ Education Act. — An unexpected cause of variance has sprung up at home in the Education Act. When the Imperial Govern ment seriously grappled with the qnestion of national education, it was, I think, wisely de termined to make use of the voluntary agencies then at work. Accordingly, it made grants in aid impartially to the British and Foreign or National Society schools, or those established iby tho different denominations. It was then determined to remove this burden from the general revenue to local rates to be dispensed by local School Boards. Hence has arisen the dissension. Denominational claims -to. share in the rate became distasteful to many ratepayers'; and as the Church of England by the superior : number of its schools and scholars absorbed the ; larger portion of the rate, hence the opponents ' of the Established Church took occasion to assail the Education Act known as Mr. Eorsfcer's. 'Education Act for South Australia. — In this colony there is no legal connection between Church and State. . In a thinly-peopled country very widely settled it can hardly be expected that private funds or individual effort can pro vide the means of general education. . In centres of population much maybe done by voluntary effort ; but in the rural districts and outlying townships it needs all the funds the Legislature can provide and the State administer in order to secure the elementary training - of its future citizens. 'Not in the 'variety of denominations and their intermixture iu a scanly population can the system known as 'payment by results' be : brought into effective action. Believing firmly, \- however, in the Parochial School, carried on under the eye and discipline of the parochial minister, I nevertheless must acknowledge the right of the Government to direct the educa tion wherever it appropriates public money in aid of the Teacher. I do not, therefore, think .that in this colony denominational schools should be carried on by grants out of the ge neral revenue or by local rates. It would be deplorable, however, if in all Government schools the use of prayers and Scripture read ing were prohibited. The genuine school-' master will never fail to avail himself of the power of God's truth and the voice of prayer, to form the tone of his scholars and regulate their behavior. ? . ' To my rev, brethren, then, I would say,' ' Raise up and maintain, as far as you are able, your parochial, school in connection with your Church. Try to induce your people to con sider the education of the young of the flock as part of their parochial Church-life, and of their pastor's cure of souls. This may well form part of their alms and offering?, to the glory of God and benefit of their poorer neighbors. I would only add that respect for conscientious scruples should ever distinguish Church schools, and win for them the confidence of those who are attached to other bodies.' ' Denominational Schoolrooms. — In the -dearth of school-buildings belonging to the State in this colony, and the inability of - the Government to provide adequately for the educational wants of the population, it might ' be well to act on the plan adopted by the Manchester Education League — viz., to accept' the use of denominational schoolrooms for certain Government education hours, leaving' the Trustees to make such provision for reli gioua instruction before and after those hours as they shall think fit. Such was the plan adopted by the Corporation of the Pul teney-etreet School last year, but it failed to secure acceptance. In the inte ,rest, however, both of secular and religious education- in this colony, it may be ad visable tp act on the above plan — not as the [best possible, but as the only one practicable. The Church and State would stand indepen : dent of each other, yet not in hostile attitude, ' but rather lending each other support. Con-. . science would at all events be respected. ' The Protestant child might avail himself of the ; voluntary provision for Scripture reading and prayer. The Roman Catholic need only use the , secular education. One unspeakable advantage . would thus be gained. .-The poison of sectarian ; bigotry would not be imbibed in the guileless hours of childhood. The' future citizens of this . country would .grow up together, in habits of. : friendly intercourse, 'ribr' would differing views' of religious duty sever the adamantine links. ;of friendship welded together in the glowing fire i'of early affection. . . ' . 'The Reformation set in movement by Luther was in its very, nature combative. It contained in itself the principle of endless division, based on the sovereignty of the indi vidual conscience. But if combative, it was ;alsb expansive in its zeal, and productive every where of civil and religious liberty. The Anglo 'Saxbn, races 'owe i. t'p this their, independence of thought and ..their self-reliant'charaeter. ' The only danger is lest liberty should lose itself in licence, and, the Communion of the saints .on, ?earth be forgotten in the exercise ef private .judgment. ... ... .( \ . ' _. . - , 'Of old in. i^e Talley of Vision tKe breath of the Spirit caused evea dry bones to come, (together, clothing' them with sinews and flesh, until they stood ^up an exceeding great army, jEveh so from all jiarts of Christendom,, and in all sections of tbe-ody of Christ, there are souls moved by the Spirit of,, God, sighing for rest and peace and fellowship, one with another in jthe' Qospel, of Chris tj-^the Dollingera and HyacinthfiS— unable to build up their, faith on the ' novel baiis ? of , Roman infallibility 5 yet, weary of the strife of tongues set loose iby individual, judgment, and issuing in the [uncertainty of private opinion. The blu Catholic party, like . the Reformers of the .Church, jof England, 'are seeking,' in the'witness of the Primitive Church to the Holy Scriptures ; in the consentient interpretation^ of them testified by; the' earliest- creeds and the1 antirNicene Fathers; , in the antiquity and universajity of traditions; truly Apostolic,- a reasonable and assured ground for iheir. beliefs. .iVe wait with patienoefoftbe issae/as we watch the progress of that mover ment in enlightened Germany. That light will; prevail over darkness and Scriptural truth over human inventions none can doubt who believes that Christ as a Son reigns over the household of God, and that by His Spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified. lib. witness of the spirit of unity now prevailing among the Protestant Churches, I have to pall your attention to a proposition emanating frorb, members of our Church at home, and approved by M. Merle D'Aubigne, viz., to devote a week I to special prayer during this month of May for the increase ia ourselves and amongst Protes 1 tants of personal religion ; for successful resjs. ' tance to and victory over Infidelity and Ra tionalism ; and, finally, that Eoman additions to the Gospel and Church pf Christ may be taken away by the conversion of many of that' com munion, who, believing in, God, know nbt wlifif©! . to find teachers that shall lead them to the fpun- - tains of living water instead of the ^broken cisi terns of human invention. Believing that ' thait Apostles received plenary authority to build nj»-- the Kingdom of Christ, and full instructions^ concerning- the things of that Kingdom ; be-, lieving alt© that the doctrines and order of £het Church in which we have been baptized and* have grown up, tested by Scripture and Church' history, are, as near as may be, in accordance with those of the sub-Apostolic age in the first-, century, we dare not treat them as matters in-. different, to be compromised away pr openly, abandoned. . .; . . . ' Not, then^ in the spirit of worldly pride or' sectarian bigotry, but conscientiously, we hold', them, becamse they afford the beat basis of? friendly reconciliation -among the* Churches,' and of resisting on the one hand the assaults:' of Rationalism, ana on the other the usurp ac tions of Ultramontane Komanism. . - . ] 'General Conference at Sydney.— Another? illustration of this longing for unity is afforded', by the_ proposed meeting in September .next of' the Bishops .of the Australasian dioceses, with representatives from the several Synods, in. Convention at Sydney — a measure long desired . by this Synod, and which, by Gba's blessing, ? may strengthen our hands in working fort Christ and His kingdom, as well as cheering.' our hearts by brotherly sympathy in the bonds of the Gospel, ♦ 'A. Adelaide.' ' In illustration of hiB third rule Mr. Byle* instances the misunderstanding caused by the use of ' Regeneration' and ' Keal Presence' fit quite, different senses. By regeneration many Episcopalians -understand 'admission to the privileges of the covenant in Christ.' The Bishop of the American Episcopal Church, at; the late Convention, declared *-that in their opinion the word 'regenerate' used in the' _' offices for the ministration of baptism for infants'' is not there so used as to determine that a moral change iu the subject of baptism is'; wrought in the sacrament/ in which sense it is very generally used in modern theology. Again; by ' Keal Presence' is popularly understood a local and material presence.. But a spiritual presence is just as real as a material 'presence.' Our communion service bids the communicant' ' feed on Christ in his heart by faith with thanks giving.' .Into the metaphysical subtilities on which ' trahsubstantiation' and ' consubstantia- . tion' are based our Church does not enters Of any other than a subjective 'real,' but spiritual, 'presence,' our office does not speak.. Even those who with the late holy poet Keble dwell on the literal force ef the words, 'This is My; body,' divest that body of the common property, of matter, viz., 'extension in space*' iti order that, united with the divine essence, it may be capable of ubiquitous presence. How incapable of proof by the evidence of sense such presence is ; how presumptuous to dogmatise in the way of * transubstantiation' or * consubBtantiation,' or to force on reluctant congregations analogous speculative -views by ceremonial symVblism, when the Church of England is silent, I think must be apparent to Churchmen in general. By the word 'sacrifice' also is not meant by An glicans a reiterated propitiatory offering made once for all at Calvary, but only a cemmembra tive pleading of the meritorious 'death and passion of the one holy victim, offered by him self as the great High Priest on the altar of the cross.' -r ? ?-' - ?' '? ? ' OFFEBTOET. ; \- Ths ofiertory at this servioe, in tfid of the' Clergy Widow and Orphan Guarantee Fund, : amounted to £4 lls. 3d. ' 