ASSIGNMENT William King, of Inman Valley, farmer. Trustees—W. St. Louis Gordon, of Adelaide, cattle salesman; and T. King, of Adelaide, newspaper proprietor. READINGS BY THE REV C. CLARK.—On Friday evening an entertainment was given in White's Room, consisting of readings, by the Rev. C. Clark, and a selection of music rendered by the members of the Stew Choir, when there was a large attendance. Dr. Gosse took the chair, and in his introductory remarks ex plained that they were met to assist in raising funds for the erection of a schoolroom and class-rooms in connection with the Stow Memorial Church. In furtherance of this object the Rev. C. Clark had kindly consented to give them some readings, and the Stow Choir would assist by singing various pieces The Choir then sang "Sweet is the Hour of Rest,' and the "Prayer" from "Der Freischiitz," and were heartily applauded. The first readingof the Rev. C. Clark was from Tennyson's poem of " Enoch Arden," and was a feeling rendering of the story of the lonely Arden's return from the island of the Southern Sea, and his stealthy visit to look upon his wife and children, inexorably separated from him in their new home. " The Savoyard's Return" was next sung by Mrs. Peryman in a manner which elicited great applause from the audience. The Rev. C. Clark followed by reading "Mr. Guppy's Proposals." Tbe rev. gentleman selected the three scenes from "Bleak House" of Mr. Guppy's first declaration, his subsequent retractation when Miss Sommers called on him after her illness, and his second proposal and rejection, and the reading, which was excellently given, afforded a large amount of amusement. The rendering of the duet, "Oh mays't thou dream of me," by Miss Thomas and Mrs. Peryman, called for an encore, to which the ladies kindly replied by singing the lively little song, "The Two Cousins." The Rev. C. Clark next read from Longfellow's poem of "Miles Standish," selecting the part describing John Alden's embassy. The song, " Alas, those chimes," fol- lowed, pleasingly given by Miss Thomas, who was warmly applauded. The last reading was from Dickens's Christmas piece—"The Ghost Story"—and gave the author's moving description of "ChristmasatBobCratchit's." The story was read in a very telling manner, moving the audienceattimesto great mirth, and anonalmost affecting them to tears. Mr. Clark, of whose reading the audience thoughout had manifested great appreciation, resumed his seat amidst prolonged applause. The duet, "The Happy Policeman," closed the programme, and was sung by Mrs. Peryman and Mr. J. W. Daniel in their well-known excellent style. After votes of thanks had been proposed by acclamation to the Chairman, the Rev. C. Clark, Mr. Shakespeare for his musical direction, and the singers, the meeting came to a close by singing the National Anthem. _ RECOVERING MISSING FRIENDS.—In illustration of the use of advertising for missing relatives, the Daily Neios of Otago tells us that a Dunedin solicitor was, some time ago, instructed to ascertain the whereabouts of a young man who was wanted to return to Britain; but the youth had left New Zealand and gone to Victoria. An advertisement was sent to the Argus, and the result will be seen from the following extract from a letter received from him by last mail:—"I have just read an advertisement in an Argus several weeks old, requiring me to send my address to you. I have been working at jobs connected with a new railway, and work is here apparently both scarce and of short endurance when obtained. I am travelling up the bush at present out of anything to do, and write this at a roadside store, where I bought some tea which was wrapped in a scrap of torn newspaper, containing the advertisement in question." THE GRASSHOPPERS OR LOCUSTS.—These pests are stated to be ravaging the neighbourhood of Bletchley and Woodchester. One farmer on killing a fowl found about 250 of them in its crop. ACCIDENT TO MB. PITTS.—It is reported by the Xortha-n Argus that on Thursday Mr. Pitts, the General Manager for Mr. C. B. Fisher, was passing the ford at the south entrance of Clare when a pin dropped that fastened the pole of his vehicle, and one horse thereupon struggled and got away. A valuable mule also broke her thigh, and had to be shot. Mr. Pitts was thrown from the trap, got a slight hurt; on the shoulder, and a knock on the top of the head, scraping off the hair from the injured place. The conveyance was much smashed, and after Mr. Pitts had taken a short rest, he proceeded on his journey in Mr. Emery's trap. LECTURE.—On Friday evening a lecture was delivered by Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., on "Tennyson and his Poems," before the Hindmarsh-square Young Men's Society, in the schoolroom adjoining the Congregational Church. There was a good attendance, and the address was thoroughly appreciated. Recitations were well" delivered by Messrs. A. McDonald, J. T. Fitch, W. J. Dawkins, and S. J. Whitmore. THE SAWMILL GULLY DIGGINGS.—The Southern Aigvs states that the men on this gold-field coatinue to do well. The prospectors in German Gully last week got 12 ounces. A new find was made in a gully at the back ef the hut of Mr. Lloyd, one of the original discoverers. The prospectors have been getting g dwt. to the dish, and a large rush is anticipated. Reefing operations are still being earned on by Mr. Warland and other gentlemen connected with him. They have driven about 25 feet, and have got a splendid-looking reef; but as it has not yet been tested, its auriferous qualities are not known. Mr. Wariand is still buying considerable quantities of gold. 