TBE SUPMttSliriOUS HABITS OF THE FRASER ISLAND BLACKS. A PEIVATE letter from the Rev E Fuller, tbe | devoted missionary at Frasers Island to a friend in 1 [ swich has been placed at the ' dipoBal of the Brisbane Courier Mr Fuller gives an interesting OLCount of the work of the mission, and giveB an account of Bome of their prejudices aud superstitious notions Hie mother in law must not look upon her son in law at any time , they believe that if she did be would go msd, and w mid go and live in the buBh like a wild man Consequently, when they all come together to sing st school time, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to bave tbeir sons in law there, and you will see them " baoking " into their places in a most laughable manner The son in law, at the same time, will roll himself up in bis blanket, or otherwise bido mmself from his mother's gaze The young man will not sit down on the same stool or box, or, in foot, anywhere where a young «roman has been sitting at any time They imagine that the young man would sicken end die So that we have to have one form or j stool for tbe ladies, and another for the gentle ' men The Bhadow of young women must not i pass over tbe sleeping faces of young men If ' a Bchooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, end thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel, near the mission, and enable them to get on board tobacco, biscuits, etc, which the captains generally supply them with A man cannot marry a »oman belonging to bis own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the "mother's tribe ' As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it It seen» custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, etc They ere firm j believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty in this ia land, and that they can be seen at certain times As a rule tbey are frightened to go down to the creek at night j They believe that there is a devil (mellong), but j they have no idea of a God lo give you an ides how the natives have de creased in numbers since tbsy have come in contact -with Europeans, I may just say i-That on this island, which is about 86 miles long by 12 broad, there ore, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are DO less than nine teen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among thom by ungodly white people, have made enoh havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many flacks, they amslgarcta es s last resource. And es regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strangest man or the greatest bully, "takes upon mmself" to be No. 1\. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival oi the white man, yet now since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great smokers-men, women, and children. A little girl or boy about two or three years old may be seen with a pipe in its mouth smoking tobacco; yet they assure me that some times the mother will even take the breast out of the child's mouth end pot the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at-the town- ships and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they a» awake. And again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also take the trouble to teach them how to play; so that we not only bars to preach Jesus to them, hut also to preach against card-playing, for they'get so engrossed in playing them that they will not ¡eave tbem to pome to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of the^fond which they look upon as individually theirs-; on the death of the father it descends to the sons. They ore cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, and tbe young women, if tbey are fat. ButoannibolismiBnotBOprevalentamodg them now as it was before tbe white man carne. When a person dies they skin him (old men and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm.. Hie bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. 8omelimes they bum the body, and carry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come, up end sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift .their camp when one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, hoB extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c;, from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that be can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off they say that they cannot kill him, end that be will never die. 