OUR. LONDON LETTERS. ! (Fromouir own Correspoulent.) h.. LosoeON, Jan, 20, The convalescence of the Prince of YVales was imarked on Sunday byia special thlnksgiving in tho fornm of a prayer, ordered to be' prepared last Thursday by lthe Privy Council, and to he used in all places of worship of the Established Church the following Sunday. Sooi after Parliament meets there is to be an imposlng coereonony at St. Paul's;whither Queen Victoria ppa ibly the Prinoe 'himself and the groat bol los of the Stato, will asom lo to give thaliks for the recovery of the Hoir Appnaent. . The gio It' cathedral already' resounds with prepara tions for this public and. uniquo ovent, arid the Lord Chamberlain is obliged to deprecate the urgent demnand for orders for admission which are thus early pouring in upon him n. The Queen has appointed Sir Win. Jenner, DBrt,?':M.D., to be man ordinary member of the Civil Division of the. Knights Commandris of the Bath." Also' the Queen has granted' the dignity of Baronet to Dr Gull. Mr Gladstone his issued a circular relating to the meeooting 'of' Parianient;. His 'allusion. to "the Speech ;from the .Throne" is the offlcial confirmation of the news that thelQuoen 'in tbnds, if iiossible, to open the session in person. Thio.romainder of Mr Gladstono'sd circular is occupied with the retirement.of :the Speaker' In all probability Mr Brand, will be olected 'ea the siccsisor of Mr Denison. Mr'Bright has written to the O'Donoghiuo: his? views of Home Rule inIroland, as some have said that he was an advocate for it. He 'writes -"hIf it has.been said Iby any one of any authority in the country, I shall be glad if you will contradict it. i To hlave two representative Legislative Assemblies or Parliameonts n the United Kingdom would, in my opinion,'be an intolerable mischief ; and I think, no sensible man canrwish for tivo within the limit of tliq. preseaont United Kingdom, 'who.does not ivilh the 'Uilted' Kingdom, to become two or more nationis etirely,: separate. from 'each other." This letter of MrBrg t's will, we trust remove the last illusions of thos Irish Nationalists who profess to have the sympathy of English Libe rales, with their latest agitation for the dismem berment of the British empire.L SThe Nonconformist C'onference hi'I hold meetings 'this wveek int Minchester. ' The firsto evening the magnificentd Free Trado, Hall was crowded in' every part, and a er plemoental meeting was "hld ' in tlle. Friends. Meootiig House-a y largo, building with spacious; . al lories.: It is said in tManchester that nothing has boon sooeen like these meetings since the days: of the Anti-Corn-Law League, when 1Mr Cdon, Mr Bright, and Mr Fox used to 'appear tpgother in the. OldJFree Trade.Hall. 'onie fifteoonhundrod or two thousand delegates frointe i parteiof'tho.kingdbm' were presont, and Mr Richard, M.P. ,was1 in the chair. His address was. full 'of telling points, moderate, wise, yet thorodighp and dcoided. It'was very soon evident from the echo of the inoeeting that the thouisinds represented at thie Manchester Confrence, had emade up their minds' onftheo education question.i. Dr. Mliller's was perhaps, thA. spoeech, of the evening; lie 'mac o a most 'earnest appeal on behalf of a purely ,secnlar hustionalteducation. :.The ' meetimgs held the iext, day were miarked by. groat foico and oainestnesas. Mr Miall proesided. One of the resolutions, pledged the Conferenc 'to support CIr Fawcett s forthcoming motion. respectinh University, Fellowships, and another dclnre that thie policy of- the Endowed School Coin-' iissionors hid contravened the spirith of 'the Act of 1800, and the principle of religious aquelity. Thoe prcoedings of both the morning ind evening were clharacterisod by unanimity iud enthusiasm. A heavy gale visited the metropolis about 3 a.mn. on Wednesday morning, 'Jan. 24th, oc compainied with torreits of rain. Many acci dents are reported, and amongst them is tle fall I of Lone of the ilarge pinacles upon the central' tower of Westminster Palace. .. I'hio mass weigh ing about two tone, fortunately fell outside thie beautiful mosaic fresco ceiling of the central hall. i In the Electri Telegraph Ofice, on the flooring of which oflice thle principal portion. of the massive fragments eventually lodged, the dman e done is estimated at several hundred oumnds. Destructive floods are reported from many parts of the provinces. A flood of greater extent than has been known for forty years is now covering the Vale of . Glamorgan. Some of the villages adjacent to the Sovern are deluged. Great daiiago is also done to shipping. Theo Ticlborne case continues to excite una bated interesat. The Attorney-Gneral, in con tinuing' his defence, .has endeavoured to' elaio that tie real Rd ger Charles Tichborno, tlhoilgh i a young man with some failings, anda certain 1 propensity,. to drink, was a real. gentle- t man 'at. heeart, utterly incapable of leoading the life, of "a bonnmon Ausetra lian thief;" that, his own instructions to Mr Stauglhton, for his will ashowed a complete knowledge of the family property and affairse before leavin England, of which the claimant has shown complete ignorance. The Attorney General has labored to show that 'the claimant, while entirely ignorant of the most eolementary. facts relating to the Tichborno familyhand pro pearty, while sending a message to a grandfather who had long boon dead and begging for money I in Australia, whils he h ad a large balance, at Glyn's, lhas also shown, a curiously minute knowledge of facts in connection with the Orton family, of. which Roger Tichborno must have 1 been ignorant. One feature of the case, s- I cording to the learned counsel, was particularly, striking. The life of Roger Tichborno wThile he was in France was almost altogether a sealed book to the plaintiff, except as to one or two things that he. might have learnt from the dowager. His absence of knowledge concerning his companions and course of educatiol at Stonyhiurt was likewise remarked on. In fact, Sir J. D. Coleridge proposes to show by vast oiunulativo'e evidence, that thioclaihifnt, haiidly know anything that Roger Tichborno must hlave' known-especially how to spell his own name, and in whlat county Ticborne Park was situated -but know a great deal that Roger Ticlborno could not havo known. This speech 'is pro ducin a profound impression, and it has yet to be concluded. I A reprieve has been granted to the nev. John Selby Watson, and he will be sent to the con vict prison at Portlnd. Charistian-a Edmuinds lies been pronounced insane, and therefore the seitonce of death will not be carried out. 1\. Arlds-Dufour is dead. He was' an ardeont Socialist, but opposed to tho met¢hod by which Socialism :has generally been 'pursued; a. be liever in an Arcadian future; a mnl ewho lead raised himself from a comparatively humble position to be tIe head of thle great silk firm of lyons and London, wleicih hais for so many years borne his name. He wals neveor tired of ropeat ing hisbelief in progreas; the conddonsation of alrhis favorite St. Simoneian doctrines into one sentnce~-" The Goldon Age is not in the origin of heumnity, but in its future." An honored guest at the lnst dinner of the Cobden Club, he was full of talk of Pdro 'Enfantin-etle "mas ter," as he called him, of his youth, nwhen he had boeen one of tIe band of youe g and visionary enthusiasts, who wore the dress and lived the strange life of Monilmonitant. Ho believed in a time when there should bhe no more war, and considered that free' trade would do more thai anything else to abolish it. The policy of Mi. nTiers had no more determined opponent. Mi. Arlds Difoir abhorred the retro grade commercial ideas of the President of thb Frepch .epublic as lie hated the revival, of militarism which M. Thiors's Budget implies. '1. Thiers and his Ministers have been twice defeated in the divisions on the subject of tIme toxetion of raw material. "Thie Chlamberhas no longer any confidence in me," said M. Thimrs. "Wae must therefore part." No sooner had the President resigned, and sent in the message to \- the Assembly than M. Batlie, in the name of i thie Right Centre rose to say that thie previoius I day's vote did not imply distrust. After some discussion, an order of the day, refeuin to no r cepI M. Thiere's resignation, and appesling to his "sense of patriotism was oarrisul almost tut ulmously p and . deputation wve appointoed hdiftorm the Prosidont of the 'result. 'Whloln' the Chamber reassembled it was announced" thlat M; Thilors had expressed his willingoness to rosunio tlho dih'ctlon of aflhlrs. MLarshal. M'lahoun 'solicited M.'TIhers to 'withdraw hiis resilguatfon in the namoe of thoe armyl , which would respect the orders of the majority of the Assoimbly, but would not obey dictatorship, One of the results of the last orilss in Franca is the annihilation of all hope, of thile Assembly's roturn to Paris at present. Frosh efforts are being made to effect afuslon of the branchos of the Orleanist family. The Comto do Paris, it is 'said; shortly intends visiting the Comte do Chambord. A now Governmental scheme for thetaxation of raw material, slightly differing from the first proposal, has booen distributed to the Deputies, It is only applicable as a last resource. The conumnittoo on the Budgoethas rejected the tax on salts of soda. The Government ii very uneasy about the re; electlon' of Prince' Napoleon to the Council Goeioral of.Aj?dcoio and the'probable "sudocesbf M. iRouhor intlhe coming election for Deputy. The return oftthiat clover and influential tlona. iartist is feared by all the enemies of that fallen dynasty. .Tho Liberal ,papors speak, of Mr. Rouhcr's address to the electors of Corsica as impudont and audaioous. . The nation may not have pronounced upon its destinies, but. it l has certainly, the Debatus.aaintains, pronounced against Bonapartism- inevery election that has token place since the 8th of last February." Loseow, 'Jan.,10.. Thoro are many 'signs? f increased 'oltical activity. 'Monibors of Parlininent are still busy addressing'tlioir 'constituents or otherwise ex pounding their'" views. .Professor Fawcett has made a . speech : at. Brighton, which renads .like a Ralical: manifesto, and indicates that the honourable member will continue to be an assaildnt of the Treasury Bench:. \--Arrangements are being made for holding in Man?lestee' thoe'Conerence'oid International Arbitration .and ;in support ioft'"Mr;; Henry Richard's, motion (postoned' from last month in 'irioisaodnco'of 'thi h'ifncds 'of the Prince 'of Wales) for MoInday Jan. 22, The' appointment of international ai·bitrators to moiett at Genova, under the ternmi 'of the. recent treaty between Great, Britain arid United States, has excited muchl att?htion . on;, tlio Continent. In Spain Senor, Marcoatu, .; a: member of the Cortes, lima: given . notice t of his in tention to introducea -motion- very similar in its nature tothat which will be shortly:brouglht before the English House of` Commons by Mr Henry Richard. -'In Swedon'also, a member of the Legislature,d M.'Hedland;' has recently spoken and writtn:mxibh' on"th' same subject. In France it ii beoiig diasusod with nmiih ability in sonme of the, public jouirnals, and a new society for pronotid g tllespread of international irbitration is being founded under tlohe presi dency of MI., Marbn.-, The members of the Dutch Peace League:in Holland have sent an address to Mr' Richlard;e:oxprassing their lively interestin his intended motion.- 'That body in eludes seome 'of- the most influential men in Holland. Its prdsident is Herr J,'A. Jollos, of the Haiue, a juristof Euronpceroputation, and now Minister of Justice fb6> thle Netherlands. In their: address to MIr Richaird they 'say:-!'Tho General Leaguo:of Peace " in the Netherlands testifles its sympathy with you for having at this moment, when peacq'is not menaced, and the minds of men are again calni; taken the initiative' and at the same time the first practical step in tire way leading to the reform of inter nationallaw." I • 'At the annual meeting of the Sheflield Chamber of ,Commerce lMr, Mtundella, M.P., expressed his confidedcoe that all details of the iliabama difliculty would be amicably settled. He thought the 'American people were far more grieved at the manifestation of British opinion than by the actual damage done.' 'Cardinal Cullin'prosided on Wednesday over itmneetinlg hld in.Mirlborough-street ltman Catholic deithldral, Dublin. Lord Hartington's declaration that the Government _will.not hand over the o'education of Ireland to the priests has nettled thli RomLin Catholic prelates, and the twelve declarations, which this meeting adopted, are equivalent to a proclamation of war. In his speech Cardinal Cullonoursestlionatioualsystem of bdiication which exists with. "boll, book, and candle." .He inatheniatisos the frieons of un ectarian education, just as Bihhopi Dupanloup the other Iday -anathematised M.. Gamobetta, when ho proposod to take ,the educationi of Fredicel youths out of the handsof the priests. In egard to thel education question the Ultra. montane clergyand tlo'Home Rule leaders, are lilply to bq.at one,;and, while not asking all that the latter asks-.soome of, the-.bishops, such as Bishop Moriarty, are against Home IRtile2--the Roman -Catholics will get powerful'help'fronm tho'new agitation. - 'At a meeting of the Home 'Rule Associdtion, holdiniDublin,lprofeasorGalbraitl dehiedBlih'op Moriarty's 'alligation that the agitatioi was got' p , by tile Fmnians' and spiteal Tories. He aluded to'tlie O'Doiogli asa.glost, tliohe ghost of a young Irislihnan wiho once loved his country. Tho Kerry. Post says -that ,the signatures ap pondoed to the document calling on the O'Dono ghuo to resign are as yet very fow. " .The Rev Jolhn Selby Watson,'of. Stockwell,' has been sentenced to death for the murder of ' his wife. Ho'lihas been strongly 'recommended to mercy on account of his" ago' and 'previous good chlaracter."' " ' Verdict' has also' boon, given in what,. is popularly known is tho '"Brightn, poisoning' case." ]Miss Christina'Edinsids !was. found guilty of the death of alittle boy named Barker, anid also of the attempt to poison several persons at Brigllton;.by giving them chocolate creams into which she had put strychdmino. , - - I The case aigaiist the faiiiois claimant in th6 groat Tichborno suite, before Lord Chief Justice Bovil,' was opened last Monday; Long before the hours' of meeting the approaches to tib'" Court were most inconveniently crowded. Of. course ' the -.- attraction was the de siro' to 'llhear the speech of thei .Attornoy General who, on tlhiso, the: seventy-first day of the trial, was at length-to open the case for the defence. -. Sir John Coleridge, in prescribing the line of the defence, told the jury that it was the plaintiff"s duty to satisfy them that lhe' was IogeF" Ticchberno, and it was no part of the 'ofendant's duty to show, who the claimant r~pilly was. .It might be possible that nobody could say who thile plisintiffroally was, whlilst it was clear thtllt he was not Roger Tichlborno. Ho would not conceal that he had a great body of evidence to show that the plaintiff probably was Arthur Orton; but still it was no part. of his duty to show to demonstration that he was that person. 'He would, however, contend that the plaintiiPs own story almd what he had' writ ten showed that he was not Roger Tichborne, and that the conclusion was almost inevitable that hle was' Arthur Orton. Tile speaker thon placed before tb's jury an outline of the case supporting the Orton hypotlCesis. Sitbsequently the Attornoy-Generol's speech was occupied in great part by an analysis of the Australian cor respondence, because, in his view, the initiation of the alleged fraud was of the utmost import ance for tlhe consideration of the jury. He pointsd'out tlhat the clanimant's information had grownwith the progress of his correspondence, and it would appear as though an impression at one tinie existed that if Lady Tichlbono acknowledged him, there would be an end of all difltulty in the wayof recognition, and lie could settle down in the colony to enjoy the proceeds of the Tichborno eastates. He also gave a his tory of the Brighton card case, whlich hals beeoon so often referred to during the 'trial. ' In dis secting the testimony on the other side, Sir Jolhn Coleridge called attontion to many incon sistenoies in'the letters of the clainmnt with the facts which Roger Tichborno must have pos sessed, even had he booeen, as sought to be estab lislhed, absent twelve years from his native land. The case is proceooding. ----.. .- Professor Huxley is unwell, and is said to be going to Italy and Egypt:: I erMsThie .propoaed tax' on raw material continues to lmeet with -much opposition in Frinco. Thd delegates froi thie Cilanburs bf Comnmerco at Marseilles, Roulaix, Havre, Lyons, and other towns, have. arrived at Versailles to protest against tihe proposed tax. Groat uncor dnty is said to prevail in'Parliamantary orelue s ontheo quesoation,' and boat informed persons hesitate to forecast the result of the debate now going on in the Assembly. The real diffiulty of the Goyernment in relation to finance seems to turn notnupon the results of the struggle which has exhausted France, as much as upon the war policy of the future. M, Thiers assumed the responsibilities of ofice with a deficit of 20,000 0001. But the deficit is, in part at. least, ono of his own creation. He has in sisted upon a military expenditure larger than the largest ever asked for or submitted to under the Empire. Not content with this, lhe calls upon the impoverished people of France, in the moment of their greatest exhaustion, to con tribute some eight millions sterling a year towards what is delusively designated a sinking fund, which, on.the pretext of paying olf the debt td tlohe ank, and thus olabllng it to reduce its paper circulation, he characterises as a tax of necessity. Towards furnishing the revenue re quired for this factious outlay, iht has at length laid before the deputies a schemo of duties on raw material, and in a speech of throe hours' duration, as full of economic blunders as of intellectual power, he has, to all appearance, impiesad his own will upon the House, and will probably obtain what he demands, The policy of M. Thiors may be described in a few words :-a disunited Italy, a divided Gbrmuny, a :French asceodancy over the continent. This J.is to. :him ' no -dream, but a ,surposo, and tocarry Franco.back to this posi tion-ho-is-taing theo initiatory. steps. The peace of Franco and the pence of her noeighbors is but a small matter, so far as his estimation is concerned, compared with the glorious privilege of keepingEourope in awe, and dictatilng to na tions how th6y shall live. He evidently looks upon the antagonism of Germany and France as suspended only, and not concluded by the late war. But AL. Tilors is not the Republic. His diotaturo is beginning to be obnoxious, and the opposition heo' meet with more serious. The Chamber is crying out about the President's frequent appearance there, and asks, with some reason,, toq, ofvwhat use are the Ministers if his Excellency is determined to do everything him The French Government has prohibited the sale in 'the' street of two Parts papers-the 'CVoslitutiol and- the CGauloi. This Act is viewed with much disfavor by the rest of the press. The Gaulois announces, as one of the consequences of its prohibition, that its has re ceived no less than 437 fresh quarterly sub scriberso 'Bythe death' of the Duo' do Peraigny, the 'ox-Lmptrur Napole6n has lost perhaps the most onhithusmstic its well as one of the ablest of his partizans;!, Tholato Duke obtained his rank for services to the Bonapartistcause extending over twenty years. 