IMPROMPTU SHOTS AT FLYING rtAH/rn ,- . By BIFLESIAX. "What .are we? Not the highest intelligence among us can answer that question. That we are something, both physically and mentally, .we know, but by no means comprehend the fact. "We can acquaint ourselves with the properties of numberless material objects besides ourselves, but of their origin and our own'we can form no conclusive idea. " Reason naturally refers the phenomena we behold to a first cause and there must stop, for the existence of that first cause is absolutely incomprehensible. Had'it no com mencement ? . If so, how can we conceive of an existence which never began to exist ? Let us, on the contrary, try to understand a commence ment. . In that case, something must have created itself, or sprung spontaneously into existence without a propelling cause. Can we understand that ? No. Reason, which should be exercised to .the utmost, is but finite, and can no more comprehend infinity than anindiarubber paper-clasper can be made to encircle the moon. Try the question of comprehending the materially incomprehensible in another way. Take infinity of space. Can we understand that which extends indefinitely and never arrives at a limit, and if because we cannot we reject the asserted fact, can we conceive in what material substance universal space terminates ? Wo caunot ; although the one fact or the other must neces sarily- be true. And if reason be so impotent, in regard to matter, can it be expected to be equal to the unravelment of spiritual mysteries ? Some of the wisest of ancient philosophers, brooding over these matters and finding them selves, as Milton describes the loftier intelligences of Heaven to hare been in similar circumstance's, " in wondering mazes lost", suggested the pro bability that the Omnipotent would make.known to mankind in some supernatural manner His. relation to tliem, and their duties and destiny. Most of the master minds of later ages have believed that such revelation was given; but, mind of late years' having been generally cultivated, and physical knowledge extended, many of the present generation have voted this revelation an old fashioned bore, and sigh for some enlight enment as to spiritual existences more within the grasp of reason. Supply generally follows demand, and accordingly we have now Spiritism offered for our acceptance. And what is Spiritism ? It has been difficult hitherto to characterise it. It would be arbitrary^ and bigoted to prejudge the pretensions of Spiritists, and tyrannical to interfere with their manifesta tions while they are unproductive of public^ or private injury or annoyance.^ As physical science was advanced by the investigations of enthusiasts who indulged-in Utopian objects, so, possibly, might investigations earnestly and perseveringly conducted expose glimpses of those unseen existences by which probably we are surrounded. No doubt the poet's assertion is true, that there are more thiugs on earth, as ?well as in heaven, " than are dreamed of in our philosophy" ; else, whence our in stinctive consciousness of kindred /with^ an unseen world ? This feeling, call it superstition or what you will, is as potent now as formerly. The other day people in the bush were frightened out of their lives by a tall white figure which bounded along in the dusk like another spring heel Jack of Cliiswick Mall notoriety. The something within the beholders pronounced it to be a ghost, although probably, it was a full grown white kangaroo. Within my remem ' brance a family of such existed near the head of Spencer's Gulf, not albinos, but white kangaroos with bluish eyes. A ghost in a coal pit at Broughtou colliery, near Wrexham, recently so alarmed the .colliers, that they will not work there, :aad great .pecuniary , loss to the , pro prietors has been the consequence. last May two sailors were arrested fgr misconduct at Sheerness, and placed" by their officers in the dead-house ' instead of the guard-room, the former probably, being the more comfortable apartment. Eight hundred of their comrades turned out and demanded their removal" to the guard- house. The men might be restrained by iron bars aind loaded with fetters, but to con fine them where dead: bodies:were sometimes deposited was horrible. The mutiny was at; length suppressed by troops. , Nor; is this con sciousness, or whatever we please to call it, confined to weak minds, as the Little Bed Man of Napoleon the.Ist, the Spectre Friar of Lord Byron, and scores of other instances^ testify. If spiritists would rationally and philosophically investigate these phenomena it might in some, degree elucidate them without being productive of °nny evil.:. Of that there now is little hope. Hitherto their pretentions of intercourse with departed spirits have been unsatisfactory and frequently ridiculous. Tliey have consisted of puerile revelations alleged to be made by the souls of men of every and any grade of notoriety Shakspeare, Bobm Hood,. Mahomet, Dick Turpin, Agamemnon, John Wesley, Oliver Cromwell, Tom Paine, or somebody else.; The machinery of a living human medium, with brain deadened or benumbed, is at the outset clumsy and suspicious. Then, their > so-called revelations have :beeri; made by; jappin^a, on tables, exchange of bodies, eccentric vagaries of furniture, and so forth. Yet, amid all these multitudinous proceedings, not a single incident or fact has been elicited in illustration of our present connection with dissmhodied spirits, , if such' exist in our midst. This might .have arisen from want of skill or practice on the part of Australian' operators, and when Peebles the great apostle of spiritism, the "Seer of Ages," arrived in Melbourne, it was natural to anticipate that something demonstra tive, if not convincing, would be the result. All that we have hitherto obtained from the spiritist oracle is that he has no creed, but believes in a " fortuitous concurrence of atoms." Peebles copiously infuses the puerility of his system wit'.i blasphemy. Ho is accompanied by his chosen medium, a Dr. Dunn, who heals the sick, repairs cripples,' and does other such like wonderful things. Peebles declares that he beheld Dumi, who for the purpose obtained Eossession of the spirit of a dead chemist, hold is hand for a long time in tho flame of a kcrosine lamp without being burned. By all means let the people of Melbourne niake him repeat the miracle in public, and for a long time, the ghostly chemist is not likely to become fatigued. One recent novelty is, that the spiritists have found a medium in tt living hen, who laid an egg bearing the inscription " Jisus is coming." It could not be the spirit of Dr. Mavor which imprinted that inscription. It would not be uncharitable to augur that the extinction of spiritism is at hand. Peebles is evidently an ignorant charlatan, and Dunn-ap pears to be the more contemptible of the two. In fact, his is an ominous name. As a color, dun is gloomy and repulsive, and in pecuniary matters a dun is a decided bore. Whatever Dunn may have done for spiritism, it is evident os far as Australia is concerned, spiritism is completely done for. Great have, been the rejoicings in Adelaide and elsewhere on the completion of electric .coin munication across the * continent^ .'and conse quently with Europe. Great honor has been' deservedly rendered to the men who dn this occasion did what England expects all men in her service to do-their duty. But during these rejoicings I expect there has been one family wherein sorrow exceeded joy, however glad they may have been at a result ; which crowns- the former'efforts, .of their head with complete success. I mean the family of poor Kekwick. He occupied a position second only to that of Stuart in the arduous and- prolonged labours whicli rendered the continent known and available; and he sank; during a second effort, at more minute exploration, probably from the amount of constitutional stamina' which he had expended on the first. Theirs is 'aliard case: and the circumstances are so peculiar' that I gftiinlr some provision for them could not be Tirawn into a precedent inconvenient to an economical government. A'correspondent of the Register recommends that inscribed tablets should be provided in memory both of Stuart and Kekwick.^ Tho suggestion is a .kind one, but, as far as the latter is concerned, when bread is needed it would bo spurious philan thropy to grant instead a stone. . I am told that at the late , very successful Horticultural, Agricultural, and Floricultural Show, the Brass Band only partially contributed to the" attractions of the evening. How was that ? Was the harmony of the bundnot pro curable because the band itself i3 not harmoni ous? Are they not a band of brothers? A band of brass should bo indivisible. Do indi viduals of the band suffer from* deficiency of constitutional brass; or was expected brass not forthcoming from the Society? Whatever the cause, the fact is much to be regretted, as music constitutes , the chief charm^of the evening promenade. If the band will rare play, in concert on concerted occasions, their promises of public benefit are but wind-not blown through their instruments. " ' A photographer has had the audacity to an nonrice^-" Babies taken and finished in tei ten UVUUW , - , minutes." That announcement exceeds atrocity two which I read iu windows in London. One was-"Two apprentices wanted; to be treated as one of the family." There was no thing remarkable in that except the avowal, for at the time apprentices were generally kept, on half rations. The other was attached to . a. house whose appearauce and known character guaranteed fulfilment of the contract-" Young men taken in here and done for." ."Flirtation walks", we are told, "have been formed at some of the Yankee watering places;; They are unlighted at niglit." Of course they are; the obvious reason being that the walks are only intended-for light characters. I hear that at'our late. Show, as usual, dis satisfaction was felt at some decisions of the Judges. Men must bo found to undertake such offices, yet, considering the liability to occasion unpleasantness, especially" in small communities, I wonder! that competent individuals do not more frequently decline to act, iu obedience,to the scriptural injuuetion, . "judge not that ye be riot judged. V - -> , ; « . - A Victorian paper states " some outrageous ruffian in a suburb of Melbourno has recently been guilty: of the atrocity of ringing large fruit! trees." Now,' had the scamp been only guilty of ringing bells clandestinely, and thus alarming a peaceful neighbourhood at an unreasonable hour by 'eliciting an untimely peal, he might reasonably havo made an appeal for mercy; but a wretch who would wantonly peel valnable trees, and thus cause their destruction deserves, with out- appeal, to carry about with him the ring of fetters, or wear for an hour or so a hempen ring around lus neck. Some thirty years ago, when imported ; plants were scarce in Adelaide, a1 market gardener .without invitation paid some attention to the business of a rival tradesman in his absence, and watered with great care some choice and delicate flowering shrubs. In tho warmth of his friendship ho used boiling water. The result was only a wringing of . the nose, but it should have been the wringing of his neck. With regard to the Victorian " ruffian", I don't like ringing changes on a word, but I think appropriate treatment would be to enclose hint within an unjumpablo ring- fence, and entrust his preservation to a few well trained bull dogs. 