A MiXIXQ ANECDOTE. [COMMUNICATED.] Makv years ago I (the present writer) visited the Bendigo gold-fields. It was a wild place, and har bored men of the most heterogeneous sort. I knew there a middle-aged captain of that crack regiment, the 52nd Light Infantry. He worked at the pud dling tub like a man, but could never manage to scenre more than n few penny-weights a-day. I knew .ilso one of Sir Ieauibert Bnme'l's favorite en gineers, who worked in slush from sunrise to sunset, lint he did suincwhat better than the former. I met there one who had been a dashing Cot net of Hussars, in til u'limn I IiaiI ifiRf. snpn nn tmnril nhmit Her Mfi. jesty's person in a proviucial town. He also worked like a Briton, and succeeded better thau either. But the most singular man I ever came across amiil that wondrous mass of gentlemen, thieves, bushrangers, prize-fighters, Yaukee rowdies, runa way sailors, &c;, was a quiet self-possessed indivi dual -if about livc-and-thtrty years of age, who worked in a hole near mine. He worked alone, and lived iu a marquee (or circular tent) by himself. Although we were all day long within a few yards of each other, and although we were surrounded on all sides by busy hands, 1 never knew him to speak to mortal except iu answer to some question. His answers, however, were always given with such a liuished courtesy, and in an accent ao refined, and withal so devoid of semi-fashionable pedantry, that it was easy to see he was a inaii perfectly familiar with the tone of the best society. The first time of our exchanging speech was wheu I was in a position so ludicrous that I cannot help, even at the present day, feeling annoyance at the recollection, I was hurrying over the gully without much cir cumspsution, when all at once the apparently Boliil ground' gave way beneath my feet, and I Bunk nearly to the amu pits in a mass of stuff about the consistency of mortar, which had been n'ung into an old hole. Iu an inetont my disgusted ears were assailed by peals of demoniac laughter from a great number of the diggers vrho witnessed tbe accident, but not one offeredine the slightest aid, although I called out to them that I was still sinking, aud that I should soon be smothered. At length i saw my reserved neighbor approaching rapidly in my direc tion. He assisted me out of the slough of despond, and from that day we always spoke. Not much, however ; he was most reticent, and he never asked me to his marquee. One day (Mon day) he did uot appear at his claim. The next day he was still absent, and I was strongly inclined to sec what was the matter, but diffidence prevailed and I abstained from visiting him. At an early hour on the third day, however, 1 could no longer refrain. I went to bis lonely marquee and found the canvas door securely tied. ' Hilloa, mate,' I called out, ' are you living or dead i' ' Come in,' said a feeble voice. I passed my hand in, undid the fastening, and entered. My unknown friend was lying on bis stretcher with a bloody ban dage round hisTiead. He looked pallid as a ghost, and I thought he was dying, for there was that sad flickering light in his dark eyes that, young as I was, 1 had had the misfortune to witness on several dreadful occasions. I fieizqd an empty quart pot, rushed to a neighboring waterhole, filled the veasd, aud poured some blessed drops down hiB parched throat. After a few seconds he revived wonderMly. He atretched out bis weak hand, felt for tniue, pressed it, and with inexpressible vwcetness he whispered, ' I was sure you would come, and this kept me nlive.' 'But,' said I, 'in God's name what u this? What is wrong with your head?' He rtrove to undo the bandage. I assisted him, and a ghastly wound was revealed near the base of tho skull. ' Merciful Heaven !' I exclaimed, 'this is mur der, I'll go at once for Dr Owen, and ' bring the Commissioner too ;' 1 shan't be twenty minutes.' But his fingers grasped me (strongly, and hie voice rose to a pitch of agony. ' ' Do not stir, do not stir,' he said, ' if you go it will be you who are my mur derer. Sit down, I implore you.' I did sit down, and he kept my hand in his for a long time, until, as I thought, he had dropped off asleep. But the inBtant I moved his watchful eyes were upon me, bo I continued for some hours by his side. At length he said, with earnest expression, ' I know your name's B ? , call mo Herbert if you like. Can you stay with me for a day or two!' 'Can you think I would leave you in this state t' said I, 'but why not have the doctor?' ' I was in the Hungarian Campaign,' he replied, ' with my friend Czerny, and I saw some service. Ihe best and only treatment for wounds dealt by a sharp instrument is cold water.' 'Forwoundt dealt by a sharp inttrumcnlV I exclaimed, rising hastily; 'then it wat au attempted murderr 'Yes, B ? ,' said he, 'it was. A fearful case, too, but I ask you not to inquire iuto it. Let tne assure you that niuoh evil and no possible good might follow if I told you tho mystery.' ' Be it as you will,' I replied, 'you are in a dangerous position, and, unless you become worse, I will obey you.' 'I shall get well,' he said, ' I am confident of that ; but, as accidents may occur, let mo make you my confidant in a small matter. Under the left top of the stretcher there is a hole in which I have phioed tbe cold ; should a certain accident occur, you will take it, pay yourself all eKponees (don't b» angry), and tend the proceeds of tbe rest to an Mdresi which I shall give you aealed.' Within a week tun cold water worked marvels. Within a fortnight be was moving .about I had meanwhils frequently viiited my claim, which was turning ont Well. One afternoon I was oloaely in ipoctiog the result! of out ' cradling,' when a deep voiaetZxgoai, 'Good day, mate r I looked up and caw a fflan whom 1 hated at a glance. H»w» a tall, lean, dark-eoujplnxlonod feuow, without a hair upon hU iios, and with a black louring expres sion in nil #ye. 1 ' Good day,' slid I j ?'? Whose bole ia this ?' he ajked. 'My mates,' said 1 (i* wa» Herbert's jiolej.' 'He'* art- working it,' aaid he. 'i» he ill r' I looked at Jun, «ud by heaven I felt in my soul thut Herberts enomy stood before mo! 'Yea, he's ill,' I said,; 'he fives up there; you don't want to jump his hole, do you r ' Where does he live f said the fellow ; hut I saw bis wicked eyo glancing itraigbt at the tnargutt. ' It you wish Til take you to Tiitu,' I replied, for I'iolt a strong curiosity to see the matter out. ** Not at all,' sail tbe other hastily, 'Good day!' And 1m went away. That evening Herbert and I wore smoking oar short meershaums iu his tent when ho suddenly said, vuttiiui his haifl udou mv shoulder. ' I am joing off to-morrow, aud 1 suppose we shall never meet again ; I need uot say how 1 thank yon for your wonderful kindness to a stranger.' 'Impossible,' laid I, ' you ore not well enough j besides, how can you travel!' 'I bought a horse to-day.' he replied, 'and loilged my gnld (it's a Lilly pile) iu the Commissioner's tent. Tbe escort is to leave here in the morning. And uow,' he con tinued with emotiou, ' do not think me ungrateful ia not taking you into my confidence. As yon hinted to me tha utlior day, I have a bitter anft relontlcsH enemy. Perhaps the Injury I did him made him justly ao. I leave this place not through persnnal fear, but to prevent him doing that which would luiujt him to a disgraceful end. There aro oueer romances in a life. Mine is oue of them, but it is lucked in my own breart. What would yon like to retain of me as a keepsake V ' That photo- j — graph,' said I. 'Not for the world,' be replied, 'it might serve you as a clue to future discoveries (don't be angry again). I shall write to you when I reach Melbourne.' '- Next morning I went a couple of miles with him, and after we had said farewell, I watched him long and- wistfully as he slowly threaded the forest-path. I never felt so lonely in my life, as when I saw him vanish from my sight. As t turned to go back t was suddenly met ny the man who had aoeosted me the day before. ' Is your mate better!' said he. ' What the devil do you ask me that for t Couldn't you call and boo him yourself ?' ' Oh t ia that how the cut jumps »' said the fellow, with a sneer, ' we are Itigu and mighty to-day.' 'Look bere,' said I, 'I want nothiug to do with you. Pass on.' ' I tell yon what, my lino fellow,' said he, ' for less than half yonr cheek I have doubled np some better men than you.' ' Yes, with the tomahawk, I suppose,' Baid 1, with a rapidity that could only have sprung from intuition. In the whole course of my life I never saw such a transformation in mortal man. He stood straight before me like a maniac, his eyes staring horridly. Then he raited his two hands clenched to his face, and uttered the most appalling curse that human lips could pronounce. I thought he was going to spring at me, but tho bent of his thoughts changed ; he darted down a declivity at my left, and was soon out of view. Iu a short time I received a letter and packet from Herbert, enclosing a silver-cased tobacco-pipe, with my coat of arms engraven upon it. He in formed me that he was juBt about to embark for home, hut no Hat of passengerB for many a day con tained the name of Herbert. I am, therefore, entirely in the dark respecting his fate, although, during the lapse of many years, I have tried to solve the mystery, and 1 have sometimes thought I was on the eve of accomplishing that feat. Ttu.aF.itv (says the Wide Bay Neva) is often singularly mixed with, or followed by comedy, as the following little incident will show. Our readers will remember that we mentioned that Messrs. Pettigreiv & Sim hod determined on re-erecting tho Union Saw Mills, and fur that purpose had a small steam- engine at work. On Saturday, the fastening of the weight keeping down the safety-valve beafjiie unfastened ; the lever of course flew up, and the steam escaped in a coutinnous stream. The accident was of course unattended with any danger to life and limb ; in fact, it was a mishap on tne side of safety, but the men working about tbe place ran as if for bare life, sheltering themselves behind the first bank or building that seemed to promise safety. ?Small blame can be imputed to men for being nervous in a place where so terrible a tragedy had lately been enacted, and we suspect that nine-tenths of our readers would have run hard enough under similar cii-cuinstauccs ; but the spectacle of the men lying flat ou their stomachs peering over the river bank or round the comer of adjacent buildings, while the steam was harmlessly hissing away, must have been rather absurd. A coiniEsrosnr.sT writing from Mount Perry t» the Queensland Timts mentions one of the dodges resulted to by company promoters, the exposure of which may perhaps tend to make investors more in quisitive and less credulous than they generally are. The letter runs as follows :— ' With a view to put you ou your guard, I may mention a report which is in circulation, that it has been a common practice to (ill a number of bags with rubbish, and then advertiBo that such and such a mine has so many bags of ore awaiting conveyance to shipment. I daresay you have heard the most of these dodges which I have mentioned, but I allude to them in case you have not. There is no necessity for me to ask you not to quote your authority, as there are so many the cap would fit that I might get into hot water.' The following, from the Wide Bay Ifeun, is worthy of note :— ' Shareholders in mining companies with ores of a low per centage may console themselves with the fact that they were smelting ores contain ing only 8 pur cent, of copper at Peak Downs a month or two ago, and their dividends look as if they could make it pay. We believe that the average of the richest mine in South Australia, the Moonta, is 224\. It is not to be expected that the wonderfully rich ores running 40, 60, or even 60 per cent., occa sionally exhibited triumphantly by excited prospec- . tors, will be found iu any large quantities. Ores from the Mount Clara Mine have been assayed by Dr. March, showing 38 per cent, of copper, bat the average is only from 12 to 14 ; and, in fact, it is on the face of it absurd to suppose that the richest lode is likely to average over 30 per cent., although far higher figures than that are confidently spoken of by our Maryborough copper men.' Befciibinq to the 'Charters Towers Bush,' the Peak Downs Tekyram observes : — The men who go there will, many of them, be Wtterly disappointed ; but all who have a little money in their pockets will have a good chance to make something ont of the reefs. The North is not the place for a penniless man to go unless ho cannot get work elsewhere ; as although the gold-fields are of great extent, ana the payable reefs wonderfully numerous, yet a poor man has heavy odds against him in tbe long dis tances, bad climate, hi^h prices of necessaries, and general insecurity of life from the Macks at any great distance from the mining centres. At the same time, we mast say from all that we have heard that a steady hard-working 'wandering digger,' with a few spare pounds in his pocked, can hardly go to a plaoo whore he will be more likely to do well ; and bad a« tbe climate bt, the chief evils of it, as is the case in all tropical places, spring from the grog l»ttle,-* At Melbourne, on the 15th instant, Dr. Hobbs, of Richmond, committtdtuicideby openings vein in his arm. He wrote in blood on the wall that he did it on account of persecution. 