REDCASTLE. (FRO3f OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) October 28th, 1872. A few small alluvial rushes have occurred during the' last month, not very far fromn Staffordshire Flit, and several diggers have been earning an ounce of gold each per weelk, but the patches of gold are of so limited ex tent and so widely distributedin that locality as to precluding all hope in new comers par ticipating'at all in the finds aforementioned. Mr. Williams 'has also discovered thereabouts, a reef of ten' inches' in thickness in' old aban doned workirigs whicdi ie thinks' willt ielfd two ounces per.ton. Mr. E. Field has erected a whim on" his lease, and his crushing stuff is looking very well. The Niagara Company have fourteen men eniployed in their lease at present; but, owing to the great distance of the spot from the: main or working shaft,:" :where the reef was first'picked up," their 'mining Operations are now being attended with a great deal of tediousiess and expense,' and 1 still inaintain that if'the Wvhole management of the: mine had been solely intrusted to the local direc tors, the shareholders would not have been relieved of so large an ainount of spare cash without having been-u ore materially bene fited than at present. A- vely small quantity of: quartz has been brought to the mills during the last fort. night, and I am lit a loss for ascribing to what cause is due such al marked diminution, as not more than a dozen of our diggers left for the Northen goldfields. Mr. Eagan having comlpleted the extenision of his: public-house, at. Staffordshire Flat owing raither, perhaps, to his well- known:bhos pitable proclivities of disposition than? to' his general invitation to freely partaking of good cheer, serving as a practical advertisement for the superior accomodation now offered by him to mnn and beast, gave a grand supper, iast:Friday:evening, to :a :numerous host of hns admiring friends. It was a perfect mius tfr of.gandersj 'however, for not eveni one "- - ::,' " , * - " "" " ':- ' " , :I asingle gray goose appeared there for shedding lustre and girae on the festivities. Our age is growing more barbarous than "evei, and we actually require compulsory education for adults as well as juveniles. The dancing, was, of coiurse, kept. up with unflagging energy until that point of time had been reached on which we are assured even ghosts vanishl inio tliin .ani, namely, cock-crow. Many of theaforesaid ginest:s must, in fact, have got quite overpowered at last by such exhiliratirig pastime, for an eye-witness de scribes all the approaches to mine inn" as closely resemhling,a ant early hour, a -field on which a furious battle had lately been fbught, so great was the number of prostrate forms- scattered around, and `somne of the votaries of pleasure alluded to, if one can judge from present appearances, have stoutly resolved on casting dull care to the winds till awakenened by stern necessity to resum ing their ordin:ary dities. - : . : i Crushings ut -r. Collins's .--- Messrs. Craig and Co.,. 6 tons, 7oz 92dwt.: Ellis and Steen, 8 tons, 3oz. 4dwt.-; Iverson and Co.;7 tons, 3oz. 10dwt. At Me.srs Lowe and, Harri sshns :-HReid and:' Wilton, 12 -tonis, l2oz. $.dwt. ;-Tyler and Co., 3 ions, 9oz. 2dwt. 