LADY THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER. DY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XXXIV. WHEN Tessa had disappeared from his gaze, he went into his wife's dressing-room with a pleased expression on his honest, good- natured visage. "How noisy you are!" said his wife, complainingly. "You forget my nerves, James!" "O, bother, your nerves!" said Mr. Gwynne impatiently. "I say, Molly, where did you pick up that little beauty of a gov erness? "She looks as pure as a snowdrop, s sweet as a daisy, and as bright and blush ing as a rose. The girls are in luck at last. that little beauty can make our girls like her, I'll buy her an annuity." Mrs. Gwynne set her lips together in a hard expression. "You are enthusiastic, Mr. Gwynne," she said. "' You don't pay me such compli ments—you never compare me to a flower! But the 'little beauty' will have a short stay in this house. I've only taken her on trial, and this day month she goes back to the place she came from. Low-born miss! I've had enough of her already. 'Little beauty,' indeed!" Quite unconscious that her destiny was settled as far as Mrs. Gwynne was con cerned, Tessa set herself to winning the affections of her pupils, and to studying their respective dispositions, with a view to the future culture of their minds and hearts. Tessa's task promised to be a labour of love, for she was earnest and conscientious, and fully realised the heavy responsibilities she had taken upon herself. She was only in the spring- time of her own life, but she was grave for her years, and neither expected nor pined for the enjoyments common to girls of her age. She had long ago settled in her own mind the conviction that she was to be one of the working bees of this world, and not a gay butterfly; and her temper was too thoroughly sweet, and her mind too well balanced, to suffer her to become un restful or discontented. She talked wvith her young pupils in the school-room, and presided at the dinner table at six o'clock, a neat housemaid serv ing them, and was so winning, so sunny, and so gentle in her pretty girlish dignity, that the twins nearly fought with each other as to which should sit nearest her, and which should display the most affection for her. They were but rude hoydens, these good natured Dorset lassies, and with all their succession of governesses had been neglected, and suffered to grow up as wild as the heath upon the plains around them. No one but their father had ever manifested any affec tion for them, or looked upon them other wise than as nuisances, and they were there fore grateful and loving to the gentle young governess,. who spoke to them in a soft, sweet voice, and treated them with a pleas ant confidingness. They spent the evening with Tessa, and left her at ten o'clock with reluctance. They were at the school-room door soon after eight o'clock in the morning, simply dressed end with eager faces. Tessa was fully attired, and gave them admittance, greeting them with a few gentle words. At half-past eight the school-room break fast was served. After the dishes had been removed, Tessa and her pupils gathered at one of the windows and looked out upon the wide heath that stretched to the north ward. The day was not bright, but it was not unpleasant for the season, there being little wind, and the air being mild. "It's a splendid day for a walk," said Marah, a wistful look gathering in her eyes. "Won't you take us out somewhere Miss Holm?" "I met papa in the hall a little while ago," said Sarah; "'and he said we were to show Miss Holm every attention, and to take her all about Heathstead. And, if you please, Miss Holm, we can take a ramble through the Squire's Coppice. There are a great many things to see there—a pool, and some of the prettiest glades, and a wide brook, and the Ghost's Walk, for they do say that a Squire Todhetly that lived at the Grange a hundred years ago walked in that walk while he was living, and walks there still now he is dead. The trees have been cut down two or three times since his day, but the walk is kept just as he left it. Papa says it's all nonsense about the ghost, but our old nurse says it's honest truth, for she has seen a person that saw a person that the ghost!" Tessa laughed merrily. "I'm afraid papa is right, Sarah," she said. "You will do better to heed him than the poor, foolish old nurse. But though I don't believe in the ghost, I'd like to see the Ghost's Walk all the same. Wrap up warmly, and put on thick walking boots, and we will go out for a ramble." The twins hurried away in a breathless delight, and Tessa changed her simple morning.dress for a walking-suit of black alpaca, donned a short, jaunty jacket of some furry gray woollen material, and a small round hat and fur collar. Her pupils soon returning fully equipped, the trio descended the stairs, and made their way out of the house by a garden-door, and took their way across the lawn towards the coppice. There was a gate leading from the lawn directly into the plantation, and the little party was soon in the midst of the cool shadows of the pines, spruces, larches, and firs. There had seemed to be but little wind stirring when looking out upon the open heath; but here in the miniature forest there was a low, murmurous monotone, like the moaning of the waves upon a rocky shore. The wailing of the winds among the pines is the most weird and solemn music heard by human ears, and Tessa stood entranced, her feet half-buried among the pine-needles, listening in awe and delight to nature's grand and matchless sympho- nies. "I could listen for over to that wild, sad murmur of the winds," she said to herself. But her young charges were not willing that she should linger for even a small portion of for ever. Half-impatient, they urged-her forward, conducting her into dells shut in by trees, and looking like fairy haunts; into pleasant glades, where, in the summer, the sunshine fell; to the brook, now swollen by winter rains; to a dark and dangerous-seeming pool; and lastly, to the great feature of the Squire's Coppice—the Ghost's Walk. This was a paved walk, conducting from the highway, with which it communicated by a gate, to the rear part of the coppice, where it was terminated by a high blank wall. The wall traversed the loneliest, gloomiest parts of the coppice, and, had the plantation of a hundred years before closely resembled this, the squire must have been of a gloomy turn of mind, and much given to solitude, for the walk was shut in by dusky trees growing so densely in places on either side as almost to seem impenetrable. The stone flagging was strewn with pine needles. In many places the long branches of the trees interlaced overhead, forming a continuous bower. Marah led the way into the Ghost's Walk through a friendly gap between two trees, and Tessa slowly followed in the wake of the twins into the shadowy region. "This must be a delightful walk in the summer," said the young governess. "It is," said Marsb, "but no one ever comes here but Sarah and me, Miss Holm. And we wouldn't come here after dark for all the money owned by the ' Old Lady of Threadneedle-street,' as papa says. Sarah and I have got a little bower that we made ourselves in a little hollow near by—and that reminds me that I left my battledore there the last time I was in the arbour, and that was a month ago. It must be quite spoiled, and I have searched nearly every where for it. If it isn't there it must be somewhere near. I'll just look for it, Miss Holm!" Tessa smiled assent, and Marah scampered away, pushing her round little, person through a gap in the hedge-like growth of trees, disappearing from the view of the young governess. Tessa and Sarah walked slowly onward over the pine-needles that strewed the stone-flagging, the cold gloom deepening around them, and came out at the gate that opened upon the road. The gate was locked, but Sarah found a rusty key in a crevice of the wall and un locked it, and swung it open upon its rusty hinges. Tease stepped forward, and stood framed in the old gate-way, her golden hair blowing under her hat, her garments flutter ing, and looked out upon the lonely road and the wide desolate heaths that stretched away to the northward. She was absorbed in the strange view, and had forgotten herself and her companion, when a loud cry from Sarah, and an answer ing shout in a man's voice, and quite near at hand, aroused her from her trance. She started and half turned, to behold the figure of Squire Todhetly only a few yards distant, and advancing towards the coppice gate. " It's Todhetly of the Grange," said Miss Sarah, in unconscious imitation of her mo ther's manner of speech. "He is mamma's cousin; but being so terribly old, Marah and I call him uncle. Mamma does not think that 'Cousin Tom' sounds respectful enough in speaking to a gentleman old enough to be our father." By this time Todhetly had come up. Tessa withdrew a few paces within the gate, embarrassed by the admiring gaze he bes towed upon her. "Good morning, Sarah," he said, with drawing his gaze from the blushing face of the young governess just before his atten tion bordered upon impertinence. "I did not know until yesterday that you had a new arrival, or expected it, at Heathstead. Introduce me to your guest, if you please, my dear." " Miss Holm, this is my Uncle Tom Todhetly, you know," said Sarah. "Uncle Tom, this is Miss Holm, my governess." "Governess!" ejaculated Todhetly, in an assumed surprise. "By Jove, she don't look any more like a governess than—than a princess does. Beg pardon, Miss—Miss Holm," and he took off his hat. "Odd coincidence, Miss ! I have a friend stopping at the Grange named Holm—Captain Holm, formerly of a line regiment. No relation of yours, I suppose ?" "Not to my knowledge, sir," returned Tessa, coldly, and with an air of charming dignity. "I do not know that I possess relatives of the name." "Ah, yes, by George!" said Mr. Tod- hetly, a slow flush creeping into his round cheeks as he continued to feast his eyes upon Tesa's glorious loveliness. "It don't seem possible that you are governess at Heath stead. My cousin Molly—Mrs. Gwynne, you know—has the knack of picking up decayed gentlewomen of vinegar aspect for her governesses, and I don't see how she managed to transgress her rule for once." A voice was heard calling to Sarah at this moment. The girl listened, and recognising it as Marah's voice, soliciting aid in her search, abruptly bounded away into the depths of the coppice. "Rude little animals ! " commented Mr. Todhetly, looking after his young relative with a pitying sneer. "Ah, don't be in a hurry, Miss Holm," and he put out his hand to detain her. " And so you are only a governess? By George, I can hardly be lieve it. You'll.have a hard life with my cousin Molly. She's a good woman in her way, I suppose, but she is given to nagging and petty jealousy. I've just come from Heathstead, Miss Holm, and my cousin Molly has been entertaining me with your history. Romantic, isn't it?" Tessa's grey eyes flashed, and her cheeks reddened. She tried to free herself from Todhetly's grasp, but he would not let her go, and she was too proud to make a scene. She imagined that he had been drinking, and was not himself, whereas his brain was clear, but his heart in a tumult. He ad mired her, and believed himself in love with her. Like most men of impure life, he had little faith in the purity of women. He be lieved, from the story of Mrs. Gwynne, that Tessa was of humble, if not disgraceful, origin, and in his eyes she was not a lady, nor entitled to the consideration due to a lady. She was not fit to be the wife of a Todhetly, being "only one of the lower class," as he told himself. "Unhand me, sir," said Tessa, haughtily. "By Jove, how becoming those airs are to you! " cried Todhetly, admiringly. "You look like a tragedy queen. You are alto gether too pretty to be a governess, my dear. You would not mind giving a fellow a kiss ? I've kissed many a pretty girl in my time-" "Sir!" cried Tessa, in a passionate anger. "How dare you insult me in this manner ? Shame upon you for insulting a defenceless girl." She broke loose from him, panting and wild-eyed. With a smile he stepped into the Ghost's Walk, and stretched out his arms, intercepting her retreat in that direction. Tessa fled into the road. Todhetly ad vanced into the gateway and looked after her, smiling with the air of one highly amused, and not at all disconcerted. "She's playing off—the little witch !" he muttered. " She looks exactly like a lady. What if Molly were wrong, and she is really a lady born? But that's nonsense. I'll take my kiss any how." lie moved towards her with the quickness of a boy. Tessa ran a few yards, and then turned at bay. A few yards further would have brought her out of the shadows of the squire's coppice into the unshaded road, and into the full view of any one looking from the windows of Heathstead. She could not be seen flying from her insulter, lost blame should attach to her through some unfriendly looker-on. Her good name was at stake, and she was its only defender. She halted, therefore, and turned upon Todhetly with wild eyes and a haughty countenance. "Do not come a step nearer! " she com manded. "Back, sir. I warn you not to lay a finger upon me!" Todhetly laughed sneeringly. He thought her alarm and indignation cleverly feigned, and came yet nearer to her, comprehending why she had not continued her flight. "If you go further in that direction," he said, " Molly will see you, and women are always hard upon women. She would turn you out of her house to-night if she saw me running in pursuit of you." Tessa realised the truth of this statement, but was gathering her courage to brave even the anger of Mrs. Gwynne, when, watching his opportunity, Todhetly rushed upon her, throwing his arms around her. Then followed a short, wild struggle be tween the two—Tessa defending herself with the bravery of a pure and spirited woman, and Todhetly choosing to see in the affair a lark, and determined to take from Tessa's lips the kiss she would not give. In the excitement of the strange scene, neither saw nor heard the approach of a horseman coming swiftly from the eastward. The first intimation that either received of a third presence in that lonely spot came in the form of a shower of blows from a riding whip that fell thick and fast upon the head and face of Tessa's cowardly insulter. Todhetly let go the girl and turned in a blind fury upon his assailant, who had hastily dismounted. "Stand back !" said the new comer, in a clear, ringing voice. "For shame, man! None but a coward would insult a woman. Apologies to the lady, or I will treble your punishment." Todhetly retreated a few steps, gasping out— "Sir Victor Cheswick! " "Yes, it is Sir Victor Cheswick!" cried Tessa's rescuer, sternly. "You know me, Todhetly. You had better apologise." Todhetly measured with his eyes the strength of the baronet. Sir Victor Ches- wick was young, some five and twenty years old, handsome, with dark hair, and dark flashing eyes, and of a most noble and dis tinguished air. To Tessa he seemed the realization of her dreams of knightly chi valry. She moved instinctively nearer to him, feeling a strange sense of protection in his very presence. Todhetly, choking as he was with a des perate rage, was too prudent to engage in a hand-to-hand combat with the lithe yet stalwart young baronet. He was about to turn away sullenly, an oath of revenge upon his lips, when Sir Victor Cheswick tapped him upon the shoulder with his riding-whip, and said, with a haughty, commanding sternness— "You heard me, Todhetly? The lady is waiting for your apology. You had better not delay it." CHAPTER XXXV. With all his bravado, Todhetly was a coward. He had wantonly insulted a de fenceless girl, believing her to he low-born, and therefore not entitled to the courtesy or consideration of a gentleman like himself. He had the loose principles—or want of principle—peculiar to many gay young army offcers, and had never hesitated to kiss a pretty face wherever he found it, whenever the social rank, of its owner was consider ably beneath his own. His amazement and rage at thus being brought to hook by Sir Victor Cheswick for his gross insult to Tessa Holm were therefore excessive. He glared at the young baronet with an angry defiance, and his lips trembled, hut he did not speak. Tessa made a movement to retreat towards the coppice gate. "Be kind enough to wait one moment, miss," said Sir Victor Cheswick, with a chivalrous courtesy, bowing his grand young head to her. "I am sure Mr. Tod hetly intends to apologies for his cowardly attack upon you." Todhetly's coarse lips curled in a sneer. "Perhaps, Sir Victor," he said, "you don't know who the girl is. You mistook her for a lady, I dare say, whereas she is in reality only Miss Holm, my cousin's gover ness, and of low birth." Sir Victor Cheswick's noble face flushed with a generous indignation. "Coward!" he cried, sternly. " Miss Holm is a lady, and you will do well to make your apologies to her this instant. Have you no respect for your mother's memory that you so wantonly insult one of her sex? Have you no reverence for the name of woman?— no regard for the help less? Apologies before I force you to your knees!" The stern, authoritative voice left the burly squire no alternative. He dared not disobey that command, backed as it was by the flashing eyes and alert, commanding figure of the young baronet. " I—I-since you insist upon it, Sir Victor," he stammered, "I apologise. But really the girl—" "Not another word, sir !" interrupted Sir Victor. "You can go." He pointed with his riding-whip towards the Grange. Todhetly retreated a few steps in that direction, his countenance fairly livid, and a dangerous light gleaming in his eyes. "I will go," he said, with a curse; "but this affair does not end here, Sir Victor Cheswick. I allow no man to humble me with impunity. I will settle with you here after. As to the girl, I am not through with her yet." He bestowed a threatening glance on the young baronet and on Tessa, and then beat a hasty retreat towards the Grange. "You are not alarmed with the fellow's threats, I hope, Miss Holm," said the hand some young baronet, slipping his arm through his horse's bridle, and approaching nearer to Tessa. "There is a homely adage to the effect that 'barking dogs seldom bite,' and also another that 'threatened people live long.' I don't doubt that Tod- hetly would do both you and me an injury if he could; but he will probably lack the opportunity." "He can deprive me of my situation," said Tessa, sorrowfully. " Mrs. Gwynne is his cousin. But I did not mean to utter any complaint," and she blushed vividly. "I thank you for your noble and timely defence of me, Sir Victor, and I hope that no trouble to you will ever grow out of our chance meeting." "I am not afraid of any," said Sir Victor, cheerfully. "But I hope that our acquaint ance, so strangely begun, will not end here. I will give myself the pleasure of calling at Heathstead to-morrow, to hear if this morn ing's excitement has had any injurious effect upon you. I am a Devonshire man, Miss Holm, but I have a box in this neigh bourhood, where I have been stopping for the past month, with the exception of a few days in London." The young man walked with Tessa to the gate of the coppice, and the pair stood there in the cool dim shadows of the firs and pines and talked, forgetful of their surroundings, until the gay voices of the twin girls ap proaching them aroused them. Both started and blushed as Marah and Sarah came bounding along the Ghost's Walk; but Sir Victor did not hasten his leave-taking. He greeted the two girls politely, Tessa effecting an introduction, and after a little made his adieus, mounted, and rode away. Tessa looked after him with a sigh. He was so noble, so brave, so chivalrous, and had such an air of knightly courtesy, that his very presence seemed to give breadth and beauty to existence. Tessa was very grave and silent as she turned from the coppice gate with her young charges, and walked slowly back in the gloom of the Ghost's Walk. The wind moaned among the pines above her head, but she did not even hear the weird and solemn music. A new element had entered into her life; strange thoughts were stirring in her young soul; and her heart was awakening to that emotion that links humanity to the divine. The child-life was over for ever for Tessa Holm, and she stood upon the threshold of her woman's heritage—love. The young baronet, riding swiftly over the Dorset heaths, carried with him the pic ture of a lovely, spirited face, framed in masses of golden hair, and lighted by grey, soulful eyes-a face such as had haunted his dreams for years, and formed his highest ideal of womanly loveliness and beauty. "I must see her again," he thought, a strange, yearning tenderness at his heart. "I wonder if she loves any one. I have a conviction that in her I have seen my future wife." While he thus thought of her, Tessa walked on over the thickly-strewn pine needles so thoughtful that her charges pro posed a return to the house. They turned off from the Ghost's Walk through a friendly gap in the hedge-like pines, and made their way slowly through the squire's coppice and across the lawn to the great red-brick man sion. They entered at a side door, and went up to the schoolroom. Tessa had scarcely removed her wrap pings, and was warming herself at the schoolroom fire, when a servant entered with a message, demanding her immediate pre sence in Mrs. Gwynne's dressing-room. The young governess obeyed the summons at once. Mrs. Gwynne, attired in a faded silk wrapper, and with a volume from Mu die's lying open on her lap, was seated in an arm-chair near a pleasant fire. She did not arise at Tessa's entrance, but looked at her with a countenance expressive of cool displeasure. "Be seated, Miss Holm,", she said, way ing her hand. " I desire a little conversa tion with you." Tessa bowed, and was seated. "I have just received a communication,' said Mrs. Gwynne, severely, "which has terribly shocked me. If you can render any explanation, Miss Holm, you will do well to do so. One of the housemaids went to the top of the lawn, near where it joins the squire's coppice, a little while since, to de liver a message to one of the labourers. Hearing voices, she looked over the hedge, and witnessed what she described to me as a 'shameless flirtation' between yourself and Squire Todhetly, of the Grange. In fact, my cousin Todhetly was about to kiss you. The approach of a gentleman on horseback caused the maid to retire from the hedge, but her observations had been sufficiently complete. Now I wish to say that Todhetly —although he is my cousin, and I do not like to speak ill of the last representative of an old country family—is very wild and dis solute. He thinks nothing of snatching a kiss from a red-cheeked chambermaid or barmaid, but that the governess of my daughters should receive his bacchanalian salutes, and encourage him in making them, is nearly incredible. If you have anything to say in your defence, Miss Holm, I shall be pleased to hear it." Mrs. Gwynne pursed up her full lips into a most disagreeable expression as she con cluded, and composed herself into a waiting attitude. " What I have to say in my self-defence, madam," said Tessa, her pure, proud face, growing slightly haughty in its expression, " is to tell the simple truth. I stood at the end of the Ghost's Walk, in the open gate way by the road, when Squire Todhetly came up, and spoke to your daughter Sarah. Your daughter, at his request, introduced him to me. Sarah then ran away, to join her sister in the coppice, and Squire Ted hetly seized the opportunity to insult me by demanding a kiss. Ho said that you had in formed him of my uncertain origin, and he thought my misfortune deprived me of all the consideration due to a lady. I tried to defend myself- " "Of course," said Mrs. Gwynne, with an unladylike sneer. "Of course you were not in fault in your own estimation. But let me tell you, Miss Holm, that no man over in sults a woman who does not encourage his advances. No man ever insults me," and she glanced at the reflection of her broad, red face in an opposite mirror, with a smile of self-righteousness. "Had you conducted yourself with a proper dignity and reticence, my cousin would not have offered to insult you, as you are pleased to term his action of this morning. The truth is, Miss Holm, the fault is in yourself. I have been grossly de ceived in you. I expected Miss Lacy to send me a quiet, thoughtful girl of some five and-twenty, past her girlish follies, and she sends me instead a coquettish, scheming creature, with a doll face and yellow hair, for all the world like the Empress Eugenie's. I don't doubt but that you produced that golden tinge to your hair with some of that 'golden waters' they advertise so much. You needn't take the trouble to contradict me. You are false all through, miss, and no doubt you are scheming to become mis tress of the Grange. I think, in that case, that you will find that you have counted without your host." Tessa's pale face flushed. " Madam," she said proudly, " you are doing me a fearful wrong. I suppose you will send me away from Heathstoad; but I cannot go under a shadow that may darken all my future. Had your maid lingered a little longer at the hedge, she would have given you a very different report of the scene she partially witnessed. I repelled the shameful attack of Squire Todhetly. I would not suffer him to pollute my lips with his kiss. I fought him, madame, and when his strength would have overcome mine, a gentleman came up on horseback and en gaged gallantly in my defence. He horse whipped Mr. Todhetly—" Mrs. Gwynne uttered a horrified shriek. "What!" she cried incredulously, her small eyes fairly emitting sparks. "Horse whipped Todhetly! Incredible! " "The fact is as I have stated, madam," said Tessa, calmly. "The gentleman horse whipped Mr. Todhetly, and compelled him to apologize to me—" Mrs. Gwynne's round figure seemed to swell beyond the bounds of her chair. Her family pride was outraged; her temper was inflamed. "A Squire Todhetly, of the Grange, horsewhipped!" she ejaculated. "Forced to apologize to my governess—a low-born, scheming minx, who has no doubt en couraged his advances! I hardly believe my ears. And who, pray, was this gallant defender of yours, Miss Holm, if I may be allowed to ask? " " He was a Devonshire baronet, who has a home in the neighbourhood," said Tessa, quietly. "His name is Sir Victor Ches- wick." Mrs. Gwynne stared at her young gover ness with an ominous gaze. "Sir Victor Cheswick !" she repeated. "I know of him, but am not personally ac quainted with him." She omitted to state that it was one of her social ambitions to be come acquainted with the young baronet. "And so it was Sir Victor who horsewhipped Todhetly? No doubt you saw the young gentleman approaching, and gave your flirt ation with the squire an aspect of persecu tion and resistance. I suppose you thought a handsome young baronet would be a greater catch than a Todhetly even. If you have formed any hopes in Sir Victor's direc tion, you can conquer them immediately. Sir Victor Cheswick represents one of the best families in England, and has some grand connections. He owns a castle down in Devonshire, and is enormously rich. He is a distant relative of the young Yorkshire nobleman, Lord Thornhurst, who is a mar quis, and has for a wife the most splendidly beautiful woman in England. Do you think that such people would be on friendly terms with a low-born girl like you ?" "The question does not interest me, Mrs. Gwynne," said Tessa, with a sweet, girlish dignity. "I shall never meet the Marquis and Marchioness of Thornhurst, and may never meet Sir Victor Cheswick again. I am not the scheming coquette you believe me. I did nothing to draw upon myself the insults of Squire Todhetly. The secret of that insult was the fact," and Tessa's pure cheeks flushed, "that he rated me no higher than some coquettish barmaid at some vil lage-inn. He believed that my low origin must involve a low mind. I behaved in all respects as a lady should. Believe me, madam," she entreated; "indeed, indeed, I am incapable of an act unbecoming a lady! " Mrs. Gwynne looked into the pure, high bred face and into the pleading, sorrowful eyes, and still clung to her incredulity and anger. She was of too coarse a mould to comprehend a nature so refined and lofty as Tessa's, and chose to consider her a ma noeuvring, scheming creature, bent upon securing for herself at an early date an eligible husband. "We won't argue the point, Miss Holm," she said, coldly. "All that you can say will not alter my opinion of you. Of course after the great scandal you have provoked, and after the degradation you have brought upon a Todhetly, my house cannot longer afford you shelter, nor can I expose my daughters to your pernicious company. I consider that Miss Lacy has greatly im posed upon me, and I shall send her a letter by to-night's post relating the particulars of this disgraceful affair. She shall learn the true nature of the creature she dared praise to me as 'the most perfect and accomplished and noble girl in the world.' I do not think she will venture to send forth another such glowing recommendation of you." "Miss Lacy knows me too well to believe evil of me," assented Tessa, although her heart sank. "She will believe my word against all the seeming evidence that can be brought against me." "In-deed. She will prefer your word to mine perhaps," sneered Mrs. Gwynne. "You are insolent, girl! My theory that the lower classes should be kept uneducated, and in their proper sphere, has received con firmation from this disgraceful occurrence. I shall exact from my next governess a cer tificate of birth and social standing. You comprehend, Miss Holm, that your duties are ended in this house ? I will pay you a months's salary in lieu of giving you a month's notice. The carriage will be at the door at five this afternoon to take you to Wimburn Minster. You may go!" She laid upon the table a small packet of gold and silver, comprising a month's salary, which she had counted out before summoning Tessa. The girl arose, pale and haughty, and said, quietly— "I decline taking what I have not earned, madam. You send me away under a shadow that, as I said, may darken my whole future life. You refuse to believe my explanations, or that there is any good in me. You wrong me cruelly. I am a poor girl, Mrs. Gwynne, and my good name is very dear to me. When you breathe a word against that, and ascribe to me motives of which I never dreamed, you do me a wicked wrong. I am dependent upon my own ex ertions, and struggling to pay a debt of ob ligation to one who has been my benefactor, and your pitiless hardness threatens to close to me the avenues of labour. If Miss Lacy turns from me, I shall not know what to do. But she will not turn from me," the girl added, confidently. "Heaven would not permit so terrible a wrong to one guiltless of wrong-doing. I go, and with one last word. Should Providence over cast one of your daughters out upon a hard and misjudging world, I pray that she may find an em ployer more just to her than you have been to me. Good morning." She inclined her head, and walked out of the room with the tread of a queen. "I'm glad I've got rid of her," thought Mrs. Gwynne uneasily. "I don't like her— she makes me fool so small. The insolence of supposing that one of my daughters might ever be a governess! She is altogether too high-strung to suit me. When Todhetly asked me so many questions about her this morning, and said that he thought her the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, I knew I should not keep her the month out. What is it the men find so attractive in her big grey eyes and yellow hair ? Todhetly and Gwynne both raved about her, calling her' the 'little beauty.' It is my opinion that I have not got rid of the minx a minute too soon." CHAPTER XXXVI After the humiliating scene by the cop pice-gate, and his abject apology to Tessa under compulsion, Squire Todhetly returned: to the Grange, muttering curses upon Sir Victor Cheswick and Tessa Holm at every breath, and vowing by all that he held sacred to be "even" with them yet. As he turned into his grounds, and ap proached his house, he was met by Captain Holm, who was sauntering about in a state of ennui, and meditating seriously about a return to town. There was not enough ex citement at the Grange to suit him. Be sides, he was impatient to be doing some thing towards the recovery of his lost daughter. He said to himself that she would be a mine of wealth to him if once in his hands; but how was he to find her? The problem, from its very difficulty of solution, had an irresistible fascination for him. "Hallo, Todhetly," he said, as he met his host on the circular carriage sweep. "You got the start of me this morning. I intended to call with you at Heathstead upon the golden-haired angel, but it seems you were afraid I might cut you out, and so you slipped off alone. But what, in the demon's name, is the matter with your face ? You look—if you'll excuse the comparison, and as they say out in America—as if you had been cow-hided. Your face and neck are covered with great livid streaks like blows." " They are the marks of blows," said Ted hetly, savagely. "I suppose you'll hear the story, so I may as well toll it to you. I went over to Heathetead to call on the 'golden haired angel,' but she was out with the young ones. I heard her history though, and it's deuced romantic. As I was coming home, the gate at the end of the Ghost's Walk in the squire's coppice opened, and out stopped my little lady, looking so be witching that I asked her for a kiss " "By George ! that was getting along fast on short acquaintance ! " "Pooh ! She was only my cousin's gover noss! She ought to have blushed and sim pered and taken my kiss, and asked for more—curse her !" cried the squire. "But she refused the kiss, and I tried to take it. She fought ma like a furious little tiger. She ran, and I pursued her. As it hap pened, she didn't dare to run within view of the house, lost some one should see her; and I, having an advantage, rushed upon her and took her captive. The way she fought to preserve her lips from contact with mine would have done credit to an Amazon. But I should have won if a man hadn't come upon horseback and fell upon me with a horsewhip before I saw him. He had the advantage then, and compelled me to apolo gize to the girl—curse him! "He was Ches wick—Sir Victor, you know. He's a rela tion to the Thornhurst's a good way off, and goes up into Yorkshire every autumn on a visit." "That's enough to make me hate him," said Holm. "I would make war on the Thornhurets, root and branch, to the remote est connection. Why didn't you fight him ?" "How could I ? But I'll settle with him yet. As to the girl, I'll have the kiss yet. If she wasn't so low-born, I'd marry her. I am regularly bewitched with her; but it wouldn't do to make her Mrs. Todhetly, and wake up some morning to find a tribe of bagmen, hucksters, and travelling tinkers waiting on my doorstep with the intention of quartering themselves on me for life. If it were not for the relatives, and perhaps a fat barmaid for a mother-in-law, I'd run the risk, end commit matrimony." "Are you sure she'd have yon ?" asked Captain Holm. "Have me? You must be an innocent, Holm, if you think a poor governess would refuse to marry Todhetly of the Grange. Refuse a home like this, social position, money, fine clothes, a carriage. You must be insane to cherish the supposition." "I did not really think she would refuse you," said Holm. "And so she's only a governess? She looked far more like a royal princess when she passed here yester day, She made a very strong impression upon me." "And upon me also. She's a proud little piece; and, by-the-by, there's an odd coin cidence about her name, you know. It's the same as yours." " What ?" cried Holm, starting back. "You act as if your family had taken a monopoly of your name," said Todhetly, testily. "The girl's name is Holm." "Holm ! By George," and the captain stared blankly at his host. "Does the fact seem so utterly incred ible?" inquired the squire, in a sarcastic voice. "You can't understand why this low-born girl should have a fine name, but she looks born to the purple." There was a garden seat near at hand, and Captain Holm sat down upon it. He was trembling all over with eagerness. His bloated, flabby features, about which clung but faint vestige of his early beauty, quivered with a strange emotion. "Her first name," whispered Captain Holm, "do you knew it?" " Yes; it has an Italian sound. It's Tessa. —Tessa Holm." The captain uttered a cry so full of joy, exultation, and triumph as to alarm the squire. Then Holm was silent for some minutes, his face growing pale, and his chest heaving with emotion. "Found—found at last," he muttered, after a little. "My familiar demon must have contrived this strange meeting down in this out-of- the-way place. I tell you, Tod, that girl's my daughter." "Your daughter? " "Yes. I have bean searching for her ever since I came back to England. Beautiful, educated, accomplished, she has turned out differently from what I had intended; but she's my daughter." " I did not know you had but one daugh ter," said Todhetly, blankly. "That is all I have. She's my daughter, whose hated name of Georgia Redruth I changed to Tessa." " But I don't understand—" "Listen then," cried Holm, in wild spirits, his face glowing hotly, his eyes burning. " You know that my wife got a divorce from me, and afterwards married the Marquis of Thornhurst." "Yes, I know it; but what has that to do.—" "A good deal. At the time the divorce was granted she was stopping at a place that belonged to her father down at Twickenham. I went down to see her, to try to effect a compromise, on the very day the divorce was granted, and before I got the news of it. I urged my love upon her, and she flaunted her decree of divorce in my face. [ was mad for the moment—you know my devilish temper, Todhetly—and I caught up the child that was playing at her feet, and fled with it—" "That's news to me," interposed the squire. "I never heard a word of it before. You've beenn mighty secret about your affairs." "Not so. The time had not come to tell it. I fled with the child, as I said, and got away in safety, although Colonel Redruth had all the hounds of the law upon my track. I eluded the detectives in the cleverest fashion, and—. But where did this girl come from ? Who educated her ?" "My cousin, Molly Gwynne, intimated that the girl was the daughter of a barmaid, or some ouch low person. Miss Holm told Molly that until she was eight years old she knew no home save a humble way-side inn, but that a travelling bagman, or clerk out on a holiday, chanced to come along, took a fancy to her, and adopted her. He sent the girl to the Lacy Institute, whore Molly was educated ages ago. Molly wrote to Clap- ham asking her old teacher to send her a governess for the girls, and Miss Lacy sent Miss Holm." "That makes it all clear," muttered Holm, his eyes gleaming luridly. "I took my child down into Devonshire and placed her in the charge of an old servant of our family, a woman who could, I knew, be bribed to do anything. This woman accepted the charge of the child, whose name, as a precautionary measure, I changed to Tessa.—Tessa being odd and easily remembered, and sufficiently unlike her old one to suit me. With the money I gave her, Mrs. Kiggs, the old woman who had been a servant in my father's family, bought a way-side inn at some distance from her former house, and began a flourishing business. You remember the year I met with that accident, that so nearly finished my career, on Lake Ontario? I was hard up that year. What with gaming and champagne suppers, and the like, I got short of money, add so neglected to send the old creature her yearly stipend. She was an avaricious old crone, and not being willing to support her longer, let that bagman—or whatever he was —take her away. And—would you believe it?—I sent the remittances every year until this year, and the beldame wrote me en couraging reports about ' little Tessa,' and I believed them all. When I got back to Eng land I posted down into Devonshire with wild haste, to learn that the girl had been gone nine years, and that not a clue could be had to the clerk who had adopted her." " Then the matter is beyond doubt—the girl is your daughter ?" demanded Todhetly. "She is my daughter, and of as good blood as any in England. I'm a poor devil, Tod. Think what a fortune she will be to me," cried Holm, jubilantly. "Her mother is the Marchioness of Thornhurst, a woman of great wealth. Her grandfather is Colonel Redruth, who is immensely rich. This girl is his legal heiress, and she will also inherit the estate and savings of that old martinet, Miss Jacob Redruth. The girl is a great heiress, and if I play my cords properly I can easily make myself rich out of her. Why, Lady Thornhurst offered me a thousand pounds merely for an hour's interview with the girl, when I saw my wife lately." "I should think it would he rather danger ous to let Lady Thornhurst see the girl, unless you relinquished the idea of making a fortune out of your daughter. If I remember rightly, the divorce court gave the custody of the child to your wife. Once let her got sight of the girl, and your goose is cooked, my friend." "Yes; but I would not allow her to see Tessa unless she gave me a solemn promise not to attempt to take her from me. I can hardly realize my good fortune. I was think. ing of the girl when you came up. To think I should have stumbled upon her by accident, when I have advertised in vain for her. And you thought her low- born, and tried to kiss her against her will. The joke is too good ha, ha." Todhetly flushed and sat down upon the garden seat beside his wildly jubilant com panion. He wiped his livid-streaked, perspir ing face with his handkerchief, and regarded Helm with a strange eagerness. "I suppose I am the best friend you have in the whole world, Holm ?" he said, medi tatively. "That's not saying much!" "I love your daughter;' said Todhetly, mopping his coarse, burly visage with energy. "If you don't tell her about her mother, she'll think you her legal guardian, and will obey you. What do you say to letting her marry me?" HoIm laughed mockingly. " I don't know as I shall suffer her to marry at present," he said. "I'm a lonely man, and propose to solace my life—ahem!—with her innocent affection." "'That's all stuff and nonsense!" cried Todhetly. "-What do you care about inno cent affection? You look upon the girl as a speculation. You want to make money out of her. You are hard up at present, and she won't come into her property under a good many years. Colonel Redruth is a hale and tough old follow. Lady Thornhurst is only some four and thirty-young still—and in fine health. You soe it will be years before you can realise money from her. Give the girl to me for my wife, and I will give you two thou sand a-year for so long as you live. I can afford to do that, as her fortune will repay me by and by. And when she comes into her estates, I'll give you, in addition to the an nuity, the oum of ten thousand pounds. You can't do better than that. Now, what do you say?" "The offer seems liberal—" "I'll bind myself in writing. You have sworn to have revenge upon you former wife, as you said the other night, and I will help you in it to the full extent of my ability. I'll help you in all your schemes. You will gain in me a coadjutor worth having." Holm reflected. Todhetly's offer seamed to him munificent, but he would not commit himself without due consideration. "Suppose the girl should have taken offence at your action of this morning, and should re fuse to marry you? " "I think," answered Todhetly, significantly, "if I were her father, and I told her to do this or that, that she would not dare to refuse to obey me. A father has authority which he can stretch to cover any amount of tyranny and persecution, if he so chooses. But per haps you are fond of the girl?" "By heaven, no!" cried Holm, with an imprecation. "She has too much Redruth in her to suit me. I hated her the minute I set eyes on her yesterday. I have vowed to make her a lever in my revenge upon Ignatia. I don't doubt but that my wife would feel it as a terrible degradation to own you as a son-in-law. You are not a moral man, Todhetly; you have your full share of vices; you are low in your tastes—you needn't scowl—unscrupulous, villainous—" "You are complimentary. I was an in nocent boy when you took me under your tutelage years ago. You have made me what I am!" "I am truthful. I would not give my daughter to an honest man, Todhetly. I mean to wring the hearts of Ignatia and Colonel Redruth; I will humble their haughty pride. I will compel them to accept as Tessa's hus band a man with whom they could otherwise not deign to associate. You would not think that a father could thus plan concerning his daughter? But all the milk of human kind ness in my nature turned to gall years ago. My whole scheme in life is to accomplish my sworn revenge. I have a taste for luxury, and plenty of money is essential to my com fort. I can bend my daughter's will, as I have nearly broken her mother's heart. By Jove, Todhetly, I think that a man who broke his mother's heart, as I did mine, and brought her to her grave, is capable of anything. I believe there is more fiend than man in me, anyhow." "I believe so too," said Todhetly, involun tarily. " But about my offer, Holm. Is it a bargain ? " " Yes; we'll draw up the papers in a few days. You can have the girl fer your wife." " And if she refuses? " "She won't repeat the refusal," said Holm, a diabolical light glowing in his eyes. "She'll find I am her master." "That is well. Look at her with that ex pression, and she'll give in in sheer terror. There is nothing like taking a decided stand at the outset." "I must go over to Heathstead, and see the girl at once," said Holm. "Her gov ernss days are over. I shall take her away from Mrs. Gwynne; but what am I to do with her?" "Bring her to the Grange, of course," said Todhetly, boldly. "'Why not ? You are my guest, and your presence protects your daugh ter from invidious remarks. Bring her here ard make my house your own. I'll court the girl under your sanction, and marry her be fore any one suspects what is going on. What do you say ?" " I agree to your plan. I'll fetch the girl here. It will be a very agreeable asylum, for the present, for I really did not know what to do with her. I suspect she will be a sort of white elephant on my hands, Td, and it is as well that I should make same one else her keeper. I must go over now, and alone, and do the affectionate and highly emotional father. I shall probably bring her back with me." " I will improve your absence, Holm, by ordering the best rooms in the house to be prepared for Miss Holm. I will send a man over for her luggage, after her arrival here." Captain Holm arose and glanced down at his attire. It was neat to dandyism. He smiled with self- complacence, and said— "I wonder how I shall please Miss Holm's romantic fancy. I will proceed to do the heavy father in my best style, and I will war rant you that she will take to me at once. Think of it—taking to a man who would gladly kill her mother if he were sure of never being found out! I wonder if any strange instinct warns Ignatia that a crisis has oc curred in the fortunes of her daughter. Addio, my friend, for an hour or more. I shall bring my daughter back with me, and with her in my power begins tho second instalment of my revenge. Ha, ha! Now to improve the good fortune my familiar demon has sent me!" He walked briskly away, letting himself out of the Grange grounds, and hurried along the bleak road toward Heathstead—the joy of a triumphant demon in his soul! (To be continued.) 