PEARL'S SACRIFICE. * (ConcludedJ.) A pauper! How the word stung ! Iiat was just what she—Pearl:— and now that these people, who d been so generous, so noble ward her, were depending upon yril to repair the family fortune, the uper was to step forward and aim him by virtue of lief own great ve. Something made her cheek burn, ^as it shame 1 Yet, she had d one sin. But to the great soul, selfishss is a baseness. And ofselfishss Pearl accused herself. What would she do if she were blef Go away, and leave Cyril free woo the" heiress ? Just to think of it made her gasp d shudder. It shut her life up so sely. All these years she had ed upon the thought of him, kept r soul pure, tried to make herself ble, lor him. But what did it ount to, if she let herself and her ak love stand between him and bis d? For Cyril, with all his fine ams, was what, most young men d in luxury are, unless they are ething worse—a dillettante in art, amateur in life. None of the in, brawny stuff in him which can e and take hard knocks. So Pearl d, perhaps mistakiiigly. .But such lie was, he was her soul's idol. To k at life without him was like king at death liss Macartney came. Pearl took trange delight in looking at her, ounting over her physical perfecin thinking a hundred cruel ughts which kept her on the rack, id Miss Macartney sing? How n those superb tones would make il lorget. Pearl's 'oldfashioned 'er smile was fascinating. When hone upon him, would he ever 11 the shy uplifting of eyes which lad declared the sweetest in the Id? liss Macartney's complexion was ething wonderful Would it ever est Pearl's evanescent, wild-rose at li, me! what is it to have one's t torn by the tiger Jealousy, earl's eyes got to have a strange in them. They were sunken in , purple hollows. In her slow e there was something that wrung s heart. great battle was fought out in e days, and a girl's soul was the efield. And no one knew. Per- Arthur Wingate guessed, partly, ny rate, a new tenderness came his nianner towards her. hat a fortunate girl this little 1 is, to h)ave captivated such' a !' said Miss Macartney. ' And say she has no fortune ?' T one!' iss Macartney lifted her straight k eyebrows. ut, then, the Wingates have money than they know what to ilh now,' she, said, reflectively, at is the delight ot being rich, r a - One can marry precisely as es.' ">g Cophetua may woo the ar-maid-just because he is King etua,' said Laura, a little^ bitterjarring through the sweet tone, iss Macartney bent her imperial • and smiled. How Laura hated She hated Pearl, too—all the <}. m fact, except her father, and ! m her heart bled daily, whether istened to the slow footfalls on oor by night, or saw him pass eebly, with his bent grey head, e work which was wearing away It was hard lines for Laura. She had veins of nobility in her—this girl —proud, passionate, as she was. She might have been settled years ago, only that, hid away in her heart, was an idol, a dream of something higher and better than the commonplace thing which calls itself by the name of love. What had her dreams brought her, she asked herself with bitter scorn ? Her golden days were gone. Spring was over, Summer was wellnigh ended, and all her life was to be one grey Autumn day. One night she stood watching for her father. Oh, how haggard his face was! ' Well, papa ! how goes the fight?' She tried to speak cheerily, and he tried to smile in answer. ' It goes hard ; but I may tide it over. If Cyril does as we want him, I mean. And he will—don't you think he will ?' His voice shook with anxiety. ' That is so necessary, then !' said Laura, with a little gasp. 4 Necessary ! It is all that can save me.' His voice was a sharp cry. It rang in Laura's ears late that night, when she sat all alone in her room. Her face had a look of resolution on it now. No more faltering—no more playing with circumstances. In a minute or two Pearl came in She looked so white and pure,' Laura thought. Her white flannel wrapper was only the outside symbol of that inner whiteness which made her a queen among womeu.. But Laura did not softfen. 'Sacrifices are for saints,' she muttered. ' Loss here, and infinite gain at the end.' Laura held an open letter in her hand, and Pearl seeing it, knew by a a revelation what had cotne. 'A letter from Cyril,' she said, carelesly ; but her keen eyes missed not one of the changes in Pearl's sensitive face. Pearl sat down, folded her hands, drew a long breath, and looked up at Laura with wistful eyes. ' He is dreadfully cut up, poor fellow,' Laura went on, ' about this news of papa's ! And chiefly—which you must you know I take very unkind of him—about you. He writes of some childish engagement.' 'Not engagement,' murmured Pearl. ' I would not let him bind himsell.' ' Very sensible of you, dear, and for the best! Because, you must see now that it would never do. Only rich people, like Rose Macartney and Arthur Wingate, can marry as they choose.' It seemed as though the very thought of Arthur Wingate steeled her heart, else she never could have resisted Pearl's piteous face. ' You mean, then,' said the girl, 'that Cyril and 1 must be parted.' ' I mean nothing about it,' said Lauraj coldly. ' You must manage as you choose. Only, you ought to know that papa looks to Cyril's marrying Miss Macartney as his only way out of his trouble. Her fortune, you know, is fabulously large. Cyril met her last Summer, and Hose was immensely taken with him. But it seems this ghost of an old sentiment stood in the way.' £ It need stand in the way no longer,' said Pearl, writh ashy lips. * If Cyril wishes to give me up, I have nothing to say.' The sight ol her distress wrung Laura's heart. To cover her pain, she said, almost angrily: e Oh, if you take that tone, of course Cyril will hold himself bound in honour to keep his promise! Only, I should have thought you would have felt under some obligation to my father—particularly as Arthur Wingate's home is open to you.' Pearl got upbri her feet somehow^ staggered to the door, and paused, there an instant. Never in her life did Laura. Steinway forget how she looked then- : ' You have Hurt ran cruelly, Laura; but I love you too well-to be angry. A.nd Cyril shall not be kept from Rose Macartney by me.' The door closed the 1 ). Laura crouched down by the fire, SDbbing. 1 ' It's all over now. Papa is saved, aad I have lost Arthur Wi igate, for erer and ever.' How the night passed, Pearl, lying sleepless on her bed, never knew Sle remembered afterward that the stars looked in at the window, and birned her like so mauy unpitying ejes. She did not rise in the morn- Aunt Jo came, drew the curtain close, and gave her globules of aconite. The su and feebl Her design Oaly one i remove herse low when she rose to make plans, all crude as yet. clear—she must m Cyril's sight. She threw open a window, leaned out, and the next instant shuddered as if she had got a blow. That was Cyril's voice, and there, strolling up and down the verandah was Cyril. Rose was with him. Pearl caught the curve of her white neck, saw Cyril's face dow,ncast to gaze on hers, heard the low, musical murmur of her words. Once Cyril laughed in his own sweet way. Pearl moaned aloud in her misery. He was gay and light of heart, while she—God help her ! Nothing afflicts us more when we are wretched than the sight of the happiness of others. Pearl arose, after a while, and began to put together a few articles of the toilet. Night fell when she was doin* this, and presently Aunt Jo appeared with a caudlc. Pearl hid her little valise with a palpitating heart. But Aunt Jo's spectacle eyes were full of concern for the patidnt. ' I think you are going to have the influenza,' she said. • If you're not better to-morrow, 1 shall send for Doctor Hahneman. Does your head ache ?' f Yes, ma'am !' said Pearl-, turn ing her eyes away from the blinding light. Aunt Jo passed her hand over her hot forehead. It was a thin hand— its touch was not specially soft, but it brought a rush of tears to Pearl's eyes. Poor child ! She had known so little of love, since that dark day, six years ago, when her father died. In the grey of the early morning a cloaked and hooded figftre went softly down, and out into the open street. Two letters lay on the table—one addressed to Cyril ; one, to Miss Jo. They were quiet, grateful epistles, betraying nothing of the emotion which tore Pearl's heart while she wrote. 'She never could have loved me !' said Cyril, bitterly. ' Else she never could have parted f rom me so coldly.' Can a life hide itself? Ask the hundreds of strange, silent people who find the heart of a great city the most impenetrable of all solitudes. Six months afterward, Arthur Wingate found himself listening, with a curious sensation, to a soprano voice, in the choir of St. Ignatius. The sound died away almost in a sob, then crept up again by sltAv degrees till it reach a triumphal height, and then broke out joyous and strong as the song of the morning stars. Arthur Wingate had started to his feet,' and remembering himself, sat down again, waiting impatiently till the throng surged out. Then he ^pushed his way to the choir, seeing tbeM vftiat he expected to see—the old divine beauty and sweetness which had enthralled him. ' Pearl,' he said, his hand clasping hers, ' your voice betrayed you—lor your good. Cruc) girl ! how I suffered when f found you had gone—when I thought of you buffeting fortune alone.' ' I said I would write to my friends, if I found life too bard for me,'said Pearl's caliu, low voice. But I knew your indomitable spirit. I knew that, having taken up the martyr's cross, you wou!d not lay it dowii till you had won the crown But I hdve fouud you now. you not know I .should know your voice any where ?' 'It does not matter,' said Pearl, gently. ' To-morrow 1 am going far away.' . His eyes questioned her. She told him her plan. It made the color come and go in his lace. ' Pearl, this is m-idness Come home to me. My heart is open to you. I will make you as happy a wife as ever the sun shone on-' Pearl shook her head. ' Such happiness is not for me. It is meant that some should suffer, and should show the way to others. God has given me my work.' The church was growing dark. The great vaulted roof overhung them in its majesty and beauty. The maguificeht organ towered near them, a sublime presence. The light filtered through an oriel window far off, shone on its silver pipes,'and, passing touched Pearl's bead with a wondrous radiance. The lialo of angelhood was upon her. Yet, still he pleaded. ' Pearl, think a minute. Have you counted the cost ? Can you give up the sweet, holy, woman's life that God meant for you ? The delight of love, the blessed sanctity of motherhood, the dear ministries of home ?' , A spasm crossed her face, but it left it pur,e and pale, and lighted by a noble resolve. ' It is best for me that I should go,' she said, serenely. And he, listening, seeing her there in that white, transfigured light, felt himself abased, and knew, at last, (hat he might not hope to reach her. ' Tell me about my dear friends,' she said, softy. He told her—good news, one would have called it. A wedding is good news, is it not 1 And Cyril had married Rose Macartney three months since. He watched her face wistfully as be spoke. Her hands clasped each other a little more closely, but no sign of passion or paiu marred that pure face. ' I am glad—I am glad,' he heard her murmur. ' They are all happy,' he said. ' I think disgrace would have killed Mr Steinway at that time. And Laura's pride would have fared hard.' ' She is a noble girl,' said Pearl, earnestly. 1 1 love Laura—don't forget, Arthur, that I always loved Laura.' A faint color suffused his face, and he smiled, a sad, incredulous smile. But Pearl had begun to guess a little at human hearts. They parted soon. He saw her grey nun's dress disappear in the dim light. Once she looked back, and waved her hand and smiled, her rare, sweet smile. And so Pearl slipped out of the world's knowledge. Rose Steiiiway, reading one day in a newspaper of the embarkation of a company of sisters of Charity for China, shrugged her round shoulders, and sighed. j ' How dreadful I I couldn't do it, I am sure!' j Her husband leaned towards her fondly. How lovely she was ! ' 'You were not meant for such things, dear ! But some people have a vocation for thfem.' 'It is very good of them!' said Rose, her "dark eyes shining softly, ' Oh yes ! I suppose they find a certain kind of happiness in it.' It was Sunday, and Rose put a golden eagle in the plate when it came round. It is so pleasant to be pious by proxy. A year went,and one wild, sobbing March night, Laura Steinway broke out, impetuously: ' I wish I knew where Pearl is !' Arthur Wingate was alone with her. He looked startled, hesitated a moment and then said: ' Really, Laura!' She looked at him. ' You know !' she cried; ' and you never told us. You shall tell me now.' ' I thought it would pain you,' he said. But he told story now very simply. * I knew she was living a noble life,' said Laura, at last, looking up through a rain of tears. 'But I shall never forgive myself. It was I who drove her away. Better we had been all beggars ' And she poured her confession. ' I was crazed in those days, I think. Ah, me ! shall I ever be happy again ?' Arthur stooped down, and whispered a word. ' You cannot mean it!' she sobbed. * I am not good enough — not worthy. The place wheie Pearl has been, is too sacred for me.' ' Pearl's place is sacred to her, and always will be,' he said, with tender gravity. ' But the place I ask you to, is a very dear one. Laura, will you come V Laura looked up. Was God good to her at last 1 Laura's Summer of delight had come. Another Summer flashed around, and one night there was black news in the papers. The outrages atTien- Tsin made every one's blood run cold. The barbarians had turned upon the gentle hands which dealt them only kindness, and by divers cruel ways those pure, saintly souls found heaven. And so Pearl's sacrifice was ended. 