EXCITEMENT OAUSED BY. THE MURDERS ON THEI PABERAATTA RIVER. (Ziom the Baulrst Awee Press.) The atroeioas and singularly planned murders atthe Parramatta river hare produced an excitement such as we have scareely ever known to exist in this oun try. We have all some recollections of fearful times in years that are past; but the feeling in the public mind on every such oceassion, so faras we can remem her, differed much from that which at present is manifest everywhbere in reference to the facts which have beenou brought to light by the of~eial inquiries as to the horrid deeds to which we are now referr ing. The agitated satao of public feeling during the protracted and murderous career of the most noted of the busherangers, it can be clearly distinguished, ws nothing like that which prevaila wrherever these schemes of death have been recited in detail. The depredations of Gardiner and Piesley and some others held the coun try in fear and suspense; eand the wishes and hopes of the community were, that the marauders might speedily be brought tojustice. And when Ben Hall was shot, a load was tabken from the public mind, and mutual congratulations were everywhere exchanged. Though Gilbert and young Duun were left, Hall's death was a general guarantee that the strength of the gang was gone ; and that his doom was a sure precursor to the ruin of his mates in crime. There wee, however, no impatience of revenge on the part of the people, or of the authorities. A gaol held some of the culprits, several of them had met their fate from the ofocers in authority: and the com munity were to some extent eatisfed, depending upon the law, which had the conflness in its grasp, that it would, in due time, mete out to them the due rewaid of their deeds. Besides this, there was in Hall's case for instance-desperate and dreadful as it was-a something which, in addition to an inward condemnation of his many crimes, produnoed no ineausiderable measure of deep sorrow and grief. There werp hundreds of people who, though they felt partially relieved from the most fearful appre hensions, when the desperado's earthly doom was sealedr were ready to weep when they thought of his histoiy from his early youth, and of the fatal course to which he had unfortunately and wickedly committed himself. And even in Gardinor's ease, though it was so awful and distressing, and, as we wrote at the time he was taken, it both shut out commiseration and closed every avenue to sym pathy, the public were satisfied that his incareeor tion and his approahing trial were a protection to the.public, and-a guarantee that he would wound, robs and murder no more. And, therefore, it was that no spirit of revenge-uno popular hatred--ani mated the people. A prison held him, and the law would justly deal with him, and they were con tent. We hve referred to these bnuebrsangers' oases as a?ong the worst which the colony has known fora humber of years; and to show that the dread ful and justly h?ated, and murderously destructive as were-the prineipals concerned in them, there was not the same horror, the same detestation, the same vengetul longing for the terrors of the law to fall where they woere due, in the case of the worst of the bushranging outlaws, as there is in these terrible, and calculated-upon murders. While the cases are -u-judice of course, we cannot say anything as to who are implicated. We have, however, quite suffeient to justify us is stating that there ware murder--that .they were planned as part of a system, not for retaliation or revenge-they were not "arrangemenst" or mmmittinag any given isn dieidual murder--the principals were not hirelings, or human blood-hounds, to seek out, or run down an enemy of dome one. It was a fiendish scheme, thrown as a net among the numerous class of people who are always to be found in large towns or elwes, who are seking respectable employment. An advertisement is inserted by the intending msur derers-applications pour in for the situation--the most likely applicUants are visited and questioned with a view to ascertain if they have any fundsa if they have they are invited to meet the family boat at a wharf at a uiven hour for the purpose or conveying them to business s and the unfortunate ap plicants are never seen more-slio-- their bodies are found in the spacious river, a rope round their neck or their feet, and a hundredweight stone at the end of the rope. It is searcely possible to put the facts is prose i the incidents themselves stamp the whole story as tragically dramatie; but a tragedy in reality. Alas l for the comparstive powerleessness of Christi anity in a Christian land. The means which the murderers in the Parramatta river ase resorted to (and we know not how. numerous those may have been) gare them a choice of victims whose only crime was the possession of a samnd df money. The river is chosen as the highway of the misoresant villai?n?, and streangulation as the mode of death, whilst proceeding home in te famlly boat. The secret yet bauineas-like means, which, in we know not how many sad and fatel instances, have been effective in this deadly scheme have roused-and no wonder-the righteous indignation of our common humanity; and hence the peculiarity of the present public ereitement. On reading the evidene given at the inquests one is struck with the troly English atniety to come at the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. The inquiries constitute a romance of uncertain life, and certain coolly planned death s aud we cau have no doubt but that both the detective and tihe ordinary police of the metropolis will be most actirve in unravel ing the mystery to its depths. May they be suo cessful. Not many years ago (the anaa Courier relates) a needy and somewhat seedy visitor claoimned the hospi. tality of a squatter in the Southern districts,and find. ing that he was welcomed, and not well knowing whpre to turn himself, enjoyed the kindness extended to him for a considerable time. The owner of the station showed no disposition to tire of his self-invited guest, and treated him cordiallyand generously throughout; but his thrifty "better-hall" ocasioanally exhibited symptoms of restiveness, and at last rebelled against the etrangeeo longer "loafing" on the squattage, and refused to supply his daily requirements at the do mestic board. One morning bin plate was removed from the brseaskfast table in his presence, and in terms distinct and unmistakable he was ordered off the pre mises, and told to go and work for his victuals. The stranger left the station at once, and the fores of cir oumstances turned his footsteps, as it happened, to fortune. He wended his way to Queenasland, suc coeded, in conjunction with another person, in estab lishing a business which required no capital, and was unusuatly seuccessful in the undertaking. In the course oea few years he amassed a fortune of £10,000, and retired. Meantime, a succession of bad seasons had brought the squatter to low straits--the station slipped out of his hands, and.he ended by becoming a resident in a town in the Southern districts, largely in debt, and altogether thoroughly hard up. The guondam " aloter" had not forgotten the kindness re ceived at his hands-thanked the apparently harsh command of his friend's wife for putting him " to hin mettle:'," sought the reduced squatter out, and sue oeeded in finding him. After a cordi?l greeting the now wealthy "loafer" invited his friend into the nearest hotel, told him he had to thank his wife's stern com mand for his soeces?s in life, and ended by informing him that if he could come across another station that he thought would pay, he had a few pounds which were heartily at his service. The slation was found, £5000 were advanced to purehase it and stock, and although only a year or two has since gone by, the squatter has been able to repay his friend nearly the whole of the cash advanced, and looks forward, with another year like the past, to being ablesto clear off every farthing of the amount. bnd we hope he may succeed, and have a lengthy and prosperous career after having done so. Sosetimes it has been apparent that " Jack" is somewhat erratic in his movements (eaye the Adelaide Olbserver) but when he makes up his mind for a bolt he is seldom thwarted, though now and then he finds he has his match. The fact of the barque Ayr becoming stuck up within a cable's length of the Lighthouas enabled a wife to regain hier recalcitrant husband. It appears "Jack" had taken to himself a wife, and had become tired of being a benediot. He, unknown to his wife, shipped on board the dyr, and absolutely was unfeeling enough to leave the little woman and his child without a cent. in the house. The detention of the vessel seemed like a providential intervention on her behalf, as thereby she receeived information of her husband's bolting. It was late on Friday when she reached the beach, but she was without money or means of any kind. She there told such an unvar nished tale that somebody gave her a passage to the ship, where sheb found her spoues, who little thought how much energy a woman can show in the prosecu tion of her rights. She bad taken her child with her; and no doubt on this account, after many pros a'id cons, the oaptain was moved to relinquish his hold of the man, and sent him ashore bag and baggage. In stead of being like Niobe, all tears, the little lady was as blythe as possible when she landed on the jetty with her lord and master in charge. The Sydney Mal of Marh 0 So ayes:--" On repre sentations from Queensland the Victorian Government has intimated its readiness to consider any feasible proposal for a duplicate telegrnphicable to the north. But it will not take any steps for a temporary line without the assent of the other colonies, and the con eurrence of South Australia. Nothing, therefore, is likely to be done at present, and we must patiently wait Mr. Todd's action, who may be trusted to do all he can with the material at his disposal. Atthe same time we must, sooner'or later, have a duplioeste line, and it is satisfactory to find that Victoria now recog. nises that ftct." A director of an insuranoe company tells me that be objeotod to the renewal of the Theatre Royal policies about September last. He then said that the place would be burnt down within six montlh. About a fortnight ago he was banteringly reminded of his prediction, and replied that the as monthe were not yet over. It is a singular coinoidence that three days short of the time named the theatre was in ashes. I have advised him not to tell this story often-for his own sake. People might (wrongly) suspect that he lied taken a hint from the detective system, and "put up" the fire to insure the fulfilment of his own pro phecy.-".3gles" in the Australasias. The following suggestive paragraph is from the letter of the Melbourne correspondentof the ?amiloa Spectator :-" A very nice youuglady, of the governess * persuasion,' some time ago, entered the service of a gentleman not a hundred miles from Melbouree, and associated with squatting pursuits somewhat sexten sively in the oldest colony of the group. This gentle. man, it appears, was not comfortably situated in a domestio sense, and though his daughters were of good aehg enearally took care that they alsould haves nice gr le instretrese learned, but young and pretty. Various stories are told of the Bluebeard-like manner in which these young ladies succossivel1 disappeared from the scene. The young lady who is the heroine of my story, however, appears to have been mor dif cult to dispose of, and at last she returned to her mother's house unscathed, but the possessor of a pro missory note, payable on demand. The young a has a mother--a sharp shrewd old lady--who ha. determined to test the market valueof this note in the Supreme Court, convinced that scandal has already done its worst. Of course one can guese the plea that will be put in if the case is defended, but it will be rebutted by the evidence of the defendant's own letter." Thefollowing ocounrs in the letter of a orrespondent of the Oiogo Pitnee of 8rd Pebrsiary :-The Rev. Mr. Voysey may be the most heterodox of men, bet it cannot be denied that in one point at leasthe has set an example whieh the most orthodox of divines may follow with advantage. In his revised litany, lately published, there is the following prayer.--" That it may please Thee to help all literary persons and editors of the punblio press,tht they may uaelathbir powers in the aeese of truth and righteousness, and rise above the praise and blame of men." Why those who have the direetion of the press, the most powerful engine of the day, are not prayed for in our churches, I, for one, am enable to divine. Royal infants and noodles, whose power whether for good or evil is very limited, members of Parliament and schoolmasters, are regularly remembered, while our ministers seem to think either that the conductore of the press are not worthy of such notice, or that they are past praying for. Baisx D A ?Riv?a.-During tile tour made by the Anglioan Bishop of Goulburn (mays the Goeu/brn Hertld), the following incident ocrurred:--In the afternoon, at 8 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was wit nes?sed in the immediate neighbourhood of Oomerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, admin istered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross River. Por some years the subject of their baptism had been under con sideration by the auccessive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to reepect their scruples, and to bap tice them by immersion. A congregation being as sembled on the margin of the Turons River, the ser rice for the "'public baptism of such as are of riper years" was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sullcient depth, lead. ing the male adult by the hand; as the Bishop pro-' nounced the words, "I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and "receijed him into the congregation of Christ's flook," tlhley pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly hold ing the adult by the hand, they dipped the oatehomen entirely in the water in oeordanoe with the alternative in the robric of the service for adult baptism-" and then shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;" It was a scene onever to be forgotten by any one that witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being him. self considerably immersed. The novelty and solem-' aitpeof the oeeurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected. Tot OVenILW) TnL?Gona.--The Melbourne Age publishes the following :-" More bad news respectiog the OerlandTelegraph,. Mr. Finitso, who has arrired in Melbourne from Port Darwin, having finished his work there, pronounces that even by horse ekpreess be twen the gaps existing in the telegraph line between Port Asgusta and Port Darwin we cannot have aom msuniestion with Europe before August, and a thorough wire connection cannot be established before ths end of the year. This being the case it is advisible for os to 'cansider whether asteps cannot be taken at once to utilize the ocean cable between Java and Port Darwin." The Leader gives precisely the same information a few daya later, and with an evident want of knowledge as to the facts, suggests that Mr. Finnis, before leaving telegraphed the bad news given ahoveto G-eat Britait. We have reason to believe that our Melbourne eontem poraries havre placed the matter in a gloomier light than from the representations of Mr. Finniss they were jus t.ified in doing. The hen. gentleman, who is now i Adelaide, says Kr. Patterson thought it unlihely that the line would be thoroughly completed until August, but that was before he had any knowledge of the rein foreements sent up under the charge of Mr. Todd. To say that tihe horse expeess service cannot be organ ired until August is a eimple nbsurdity. There cer. toinly had been a good deal of deao is connection with the establishment of an eutafette but we believe it will be very shortly in full operaeion.-Adelaid.e Oluereer. Tue NosTr~rN TEBRIonRY.-Mr. A. G, Burt ar rired in Adelaide a day or two ago (says the Oleerve of the 23rd ultimo) having travelled from the northern part of the telegraph line. He was accompanied only by one white man end a native, and the party has en dured great hardships. At one time, about the end of October, which is stated to be the driest time of the year, they were without water for 86 hours. This was between Frew's Ponds and Daly's Waters, about 1200 or 1800 miles from Adelside, but there was water at no great distance, which was afterwards discovered by the blackfellowe' fires being seen near. On three occasions the party was staoked by natives. The first time wee at Newcastle Waters, when the at tackiug party was about 40.in number. Mr. Burt had to fire on them, and thus warded them off. Anothler attempt to surround the travellers was after wards made by about 150 aboriginals, but they were again unsuccessful, and we are happy to say that Mr. Burt has arrived in the city without having sustained any injury. On once getting clear of the settled dis trieto, we are told, the country gradually improves as regards the grass, whibch is very lunxuriant. If the opening of the country by the construction of the telegraph line has the effeot of causing the settlement of the Far North country, it will certainly be worth a large portion of bthe outlay that has taken place. To the wess of Ashburton Range Mr. Burt discovered a vast lake of fresh water, which he named after Mr. Woods. All the rivers to the west of the Ashburton Roange, including the Newcastle Waters, empty them selves into this natural basin. A Pluarcen BlaTT.-lr. J. ?awrence contretor, of Stirling North, saw at Pandurra elation, on the a?restern side of Spencer's Gulf, a rather stri?king seneo -two armies of ante haring hapened to meet, a dare struggle ensued. One wasthe glossy blue sort ofant, common to the North; the other the jet black kind, rather larger. After a fight of some hours the blues won the victory, and then began satopping with clay al the holes they could find belonging to the blach tribe. Some hundreds of thouands lay dead tesxt morning. One ant, apparently a stranger, measuring above anu inch long, and provided with wings, passed through both armies without molestation during the fray.-Adelaide Observer. NEw arKAE FriLES.--A writer in the Neo York-k Herald recently called attention to the great value of a complete file of that journal, as containing minute but important items of intelligence frequently needed, but not to be othberwise obtained; and some idea of the estimation in which old papers are held may be formed from the faot that a file of the Tiswse was recently sold for B8000. 