OPENING OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH NELLIGEN. The Nelligen correspondent to the Braidwood Dispatch writes :— Sunday, November 24th, will be a day long to be remembered by the people of Nelligen, a day indeed which by the incidents should be a day of rejoicing, mentally, morally, and religiously. I mean the opening of the Catholic Church lately erected here. The building is 36 feet in length and 18 feet in width, of Gothic build, and very substantial. It is erected just above the township and com mands a fine view of the valley below and the surrounding hills above. It is built in a very nice position, and reflects the good taste of those who chose such a sight. The contract price for the building was about £100, but with internal fittings, ground transfer, Sec, the total cost will be about £190. The inside is fitted with an altar of the Corinthian style, and really re flects credit on the person who made it, as it would be a credit to a far more pretentious building than the one down here. Great fears were entertained that on account or the heavy rain we have had this last week that it would have a tendency to interfere with the attendance at the opening ; but I am happy to say that such was not the case, as long before the ser- vice commenced crowds of people of every de nomination could be seen wending their way to Nelligen — some in boats — from Moruya, Bateman's Bay, Braidwood, and other dis tant places. The unanimous mingling of other denominations which took place on this occasion must have been pleasing to the clergy men who officiated at the opening. The clergy men who officiated were the Right Rev. the Vicar-General, S. J. A. Sheehy ; the Very Rev. Dean White, of Braidwood ; and the Rev. J. J. Garvey. The latter rev. gentleman is labouring in this district, and has won the affec tion of both Catholic and Protestant by his kindness and zeal for the cause he so ably pro fesses. The opening ceremony was performed by the first-named rev. gentleman, assisted by his brother clergymen. The sermon (a most impressive one and well suited for the occasion) was delivered by the Rev. J. J. Garvey, in the absence of the Very Rev. Dr. Woods who was expected. It was very pleasing to see the co mingling of so many denominations in the chapel (which by the way was dedicated to Saint Mary) and seems to be a foretelling of a happy union of denominations. The Moruya choir sang very sweetly, Mr. Bolton of that place presiding at the harmonium. After service a collection was made, and a sum of £32 16s was collected, so that a very small balance remains to be paid on the building A lunch was held at 2 o'clock in Mr. Guy's store, when the chair was occupied by the Rev. J J. Garvey, the Very Rev. the Vicar General occupying his right. About 150 sat down to a most sumptuous repast prepared b the Church Committee. The following were some of the gentlemen present .— H. Manning, Esq., D. J. M'Leod, Esq., F. Guy, Esq., Cap tain Campbell, Mr. A. T. Gibson, Mr. Egan &c.; After blessing was invoked by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General, many kind compliments were proposed by several of the gentlemen. St. Patrick's, Albury.— -On Sunday, St. Patrick's Church was opened with great eclat. Over 170) persons were present at the con secration ceremony. The Rev. J. Kelly S J preached and the offertory collection amounted to over L12O0. St. Augustine's Girls' School.— The new schoolroom for the girls in connection with oS\ Augustine s, Yass, was opened on Monday -oth instant, on which day the teacher of the girls school (Mrs. Shannon) commenced her f« &e;* ^he^cl]°o1 is of the Gothi° style, and is 47 feet by 22 feet iu the clear. Art Union. — The Art Union drawing in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital took place on Thursday evening. Mr. R. Coveny and Mr. G. Phillips, J.P,, presided. The tickets and prizes were drawn by Miss Fitzgerald and Miss M'Guigan. New Publications. — We have been prevented from publishing, this week, our pro mised review of thePunch Staff Papers, by pres sure on our space. We received this week a copy of Mr. J. S. Moore's book, ' The Ethics of the Irish under the Pentarchy. ' The Hon. W. R. Piddington, ac companied by Mr. Newman, took his departure for Melbourne in the Raneratira steamer on Saturday last. It is to be hoped that the change of air and scenes will soon restore the hon. gentleman to his accustomed health. The Superannuation Act. — Mr. Fors ter, in the Assembly, has introduced a bill to re peal in part the Superannuation Act of 1S64. The bill consists of following clause : — ' So much of the Superannuation Act of 1864 as authorizes any reduction for the purpose of a Superanuation Fund under the said Act from the pay or salary of any person in the public service is repealed. ' The Government have intimated their intention to deal this Session with the vexed question before Christmas. The Permissive Bill.— The second reading of this measure was moved by Mr. Wearne on Friday, the 22nd instant. An amendment, moved by Mr. Driver, that the Bill De reierred. to a select committee for considera tion and report with power to send for persons and papers, and that such committee consist of Messrs. Wearne, Coombes, Hurley, CO., Teece, Tunks, Stewart, Neale, Macintosh, Parkes, and the mover — was carried on a division of 26 to 13. Public Education. — Mr. JTorster has .given notice that, on 10th December, he will . move ill thfi Jic.malaA-.iva AQaomHw ? ' That this House is of opinion that a bill for the amendment of the Public Schools Act of 1866 should be introduced during the present session, and that such bill, among other mat ters, should provide for the extension and stricter enforcement of the principle of secular instruc tion, and for the discontinuance, upon reason able notice, after a certain period to be fixed by law, of assistance from public funds for Denomi national schools.' Mr. Parkes has given notice of an amendment approving of the existing Act. Scene in '$£$ Assembly. — A scene occurred in the Assembly on Thursday night. Mr. Macleay had attacked Mr. Parkes in a short but bitter speech, in which the Kiama Ghost business was laid open, with a reference to the King-street insolvency list. Allusion was also made to Mr. Butler, who, 'knowing 'his (Mr. Parkes') guilt, had voluntarily joined him.' Mr. Butler, referring to these and previous uuservamons, saia snat ssiv. Macleay was in the habit of indulging in personalities. Mr. Macleay replied : ' It is a lie !' Mr. Butler then declared that he refused to reply to such an observation. ' It fell (he said) back on the man that uttered it.' He severely reproached Mr. MacleaV Who. as a centleman snif-nnaor+.iTro of birth and high position, should have had more respect for the character he assumed. Mr. Macleay then called Mr. Butler 'a low type of cabbage garden Fenian and a Fenian adven turer.' Mr. Macleay had the last word. Viceregal Visit to Goulburn. — On Monday last his Excellency Sir Hercules Robin son and the Hon. Lady Robinson, accompanied by the Hon. H. Parkes, the Hon. E. Butler, and his Excellency's Aide-de-Camp and Private Secretary, visited Goulburn. The Viceregal party were received at the station by the Mayor and aldermen of the city, a large assemblage of citizens, and a guard of honour— a number of the Goulburn Volunteers under Captain Rossi. An address of welcome was read to his Excel lency by the Mayor, to which an appropriate reply was returned. The Viceregal party then proceeded to the Royal Hotel. In the evening his Excellency was waited on by the Oddfellows, who presented an address, and afterwards visited the public buildings. On Tuesday the Hon. Lady Robinson and Mrs. De Roebeck, accom panied by the Hon. E. Butler, visited the new Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul and the chief auildings of interest in the town. His Excel lency held on Tuesday a levee, and afterwards a iuuuueun given in nis nonour at Payton's Com mercial Hotel. A ball took place in the evening at the Mechanics' Institute, at which the Vice regal party were present. ' Penny Postage for the Suburbs. — On and after the 1st January next, postage on all letters not exceeding half an ounce in weight, between the city and all suburbs within ten miles of the city boundary will be one penny. Tenders Accepted. — The following tenders have been accepted by the Government, viz. : — Mr. James Caples— Lease of Orange toll bar, 1873. Mr. James Caples— Lease of Guyong toll-bar, 1873. Mr. R. Wynne-Lease of Pen nth Bridge toll-bar, IS73. Mr. J. L. Meads Lease of Mount Victoria toll-bar, 1873. Mr ?; C.Colley— Lease of Rocks toll-bar, 1873.' Mr.W.lto-v- Lease of Annaudale toll-bar, 1873\. Mr. T. Corderoy— Lease of Bowenfells toll-bar, 1873. Messrs. R. Skinner and Soil supply of meat safes for Gladesville Asylum Mr. A. Davies— Erection of bridge over Goonoo O-oonoo Creek. Mr. J. Hammond— Erection of bridge over Stony Creek, near Yass. Mr. W. R. Kobmson— Lighting exterior lamps, Victoria Barracks, 1873. Council of Education.— Professor Sunth has been appointed to the seat in the Council of Education vacated by Mr. Arnold Detained for the Defence.— Sir James Martin has given notice that he will move in the Legislative Assembly, on the 3rd December,_l. That this House is of opinion that the omission from the Estimates of the sum necessary to maintain the Infantry force next year is a mistake. 2. That this House is of Jlffi* uat then foi\fcifi°ation of Port Jackson ought to be completed without delay. ' 