THE STORY-TELLER. A PERPLEXING VALENTINE. CHAPTER Ir. "I can make nothing of `it," said Mr. Stafford, impatiently. "I don't know :the man." Mr. Stafford sat by the fire in the room which was called, by courtesy, his study. A little stack of letters lay on the table at his below, and he held an open one in his hand, very much as if he would have liked to throw it into the fire, and the writer after it. "There are Valentines for the young sters, I know," said he; but I didn't look for one myself. 'P. Lamont!' It's cool certainly, in a perfect stranger, to ask a man for his daughter in this off-handed sort of way. I don't know the man, and I don't know the place he writes from; he must have seen the child at Dykewood, I suppose, for she is but. a child; and I'm not going to have her disturbed, just yet, with such notions, they'll come time enough. Oh dear ! am I getting such a very old man, I wonder? Reggie will be wanting a wife next." Mr. Stafford passed his hand over his forehead as though to remilnd him self how wrinkled it was, and how scant the gray hair that was pushed away from it. He was half inclined to think this Mr. Lament had made a mistake some how; or-was it a hoan ? His face grew a little redder atthe thought. No, that was impossible. He went back over the last few years of his life, with a some what dreary shrinking' from a future that must be different. But surley it need not come yet. A bright idea struck him as he thought this: Mr. Lament was a stranger to him, and therefore could be a little more, if anything, to his daughter. He might have seen and taken a fancy to her-that was not so wonderful,--while she would, probably, scarcely remember his . existence. "It's easy, however, to test that," said Mr. Stafford; "and I'll do it." A few minutes more Mr. Stafford sat there, knitting his brows over the fire and the stack of unread letter, and then he got up and went into the room where a couple of riotous boys were careering after each other round tables and chairs, and a young girl leaned agaicst the man tlepiece, reading. Her father stood at the door a moment to look at her, and his face grew grave with an expression that was half proud, half sorrowful; for she was in reality no longer the mere child he liked to consider her. He had never noticed it before, but he did now, and* he knew that other eyes than his would find her fair. She did not seem to care much about the letter she was reading; poetry it looked like; and an odd smile, which he thought had some thing of pity or contempt, or both, in it, was on her lip. He went up and put his hand on her shoulder quietly. "Valentines, Mildred ?" he asked. "Yes, papas. Such rubbish!" she re plied. The smile had changed its character now, but Mr. Stafford motioned away the verses she held out, and he did not, as he would have done an hour ago, take the hand from her shoulder to draw her closer to him. A strange, half jealous pain was at his heart. He must know first if the shadow of this unknown letter writer stood between himself and his daughter. He had held the first place too long for it to be easy or pleasant to give way to another, and a comparative stranger. Would any one ever care for her as he had done ? "Be. off, boys!" said Mr. Stafford; " I can't hear myself speak for you clat taer there; and shut the door. Mildred," hie added, abruptly, "how long did you stay at Dykewood; a fortnight, wasn't it?" " Yes, papa," she replied, promptly enough; but Mr. Stafford was conscious of a sndden s:artled movement of her face away from him,' and his heart sank. " Was there any one named Lament staying there ?" he asked. Mildred repeated the name specula tively, and without consciousness. "Lamont,-no,". said she; " that is, not that I remember; but there were so many people staying at Dykewood just then, you know." " Yes, I know," said Mr. Stafford. "Then the name is strange to you ?" "Quite strange," she replied; "except that I have seen it in a book." " A book ?" he repeated.-" A story, papa," she continued. " Oh," said hlie; " Well, then, if I was told that a Mr. ILamont had seen my daughter, and wished ,to marry her, I must say-what ?" " No, thank you, papa," said Mildred laughing outright. " Marry a man I don't know ! I would rather be a nun at once. That's how crowned heads manage it, poor things!" added the girl, more gravely. Mr. Stafford was going away; but he stopped when she said this. " Poorthings !" he repeated. "Yes, papa," said Mildred. "Isn't it a miserable thing for two people to be bound to each other, feeling that it must be for life,-that there's no possibi lity of change or relief,-and yet----" " Wall,'Mildred, and yet ?" "Not loving each other," said Mildred, very quietly. Mr. Stafford gave one uneasy look into his daughter's face; but it was turned away quickly. " Well my dear, you are right," he said sighing ; "but somehow, I feel very old beside you young philosophers. And now I'll go back, and leave you to your poetry." But Mildred cared nothing about the poetry. There had been a time, perhaps, when it would have had its value for her like other trifles,-that was along ago. Now she held it over the fire with an in different hand, and suffered it to curl up into tinder amongst the red coals. She was not thinking of it, or of its writer ; not even thinking of that strange errand which had brought her father from his study, to question her. The idea certainly did occur to her that this Mr. Lamont must be a very eccentric man; but be yond that he ceased to trouble her. A little time since, it would not have been so, of course; but when a girl sundenly opens the door of that new world on the threshold of which Mildred Stafford stood{ there is a poor chance. for outsiders to gain a hearing. They may try with eager .hands to draw her back; they may preach by the hour, and mean it, too, about the false glitter of the coin which will turn to dead leaves, if she grasps it; she will only smile at them with a little pity for the souls that are so barren and forlorn, and the eyes so piteously blind, The glitter is there--sunshine, flowers, and joy; she has had a glimpse of it. Counsels may be wise, or, may be, only the bitterness of disappointed hope, but they are not going to turn her back. Probably she did not realise all this herself. She knew, in a vague sort of way, that the fire on which her eyes were bent outwardly was no longer a fire-that there were trees in it-a moss-covered stone, on which she herself sat, listening to the musical babble of the little river and the song of birds. It was just three weeks since she left home for that Dykewood visit; and yet, looking back, the space and the difference in her life seemed so marvellous, that she could hardly believe the time was really so short. She had watched for the post man with an anxiety that instinct taught her to repress ; indeed she overdid this, as people are apt to do, to such an extent, that it drew a comment from Master Reggie respecting her improvement in matters of scrambling for letters; and every morning the little sting of disap pointment was scolded resolutely away. She was so young, and she had such per feet trust in the man who had behaved to her unmistakeably as a lover.. He would write or come, she never doubted that; and meanwhile - well, she had her usual occupations to- follow-small duties, and pleasures too, such as used to be sufficient for her. Somehow these were less absorbing now than they once were. As the days passed on they even grew wearisome and monotonous; and when February had glided into March, March into April, and April was growing old, a sort of dull shadow came down over Mildred's life, and she began to ask herself wearily if it would always be the same. Now and then-her father, look ing up from his book in the evening, in momentary wonder at the stillness, would see, with a startled sense of something wrong, that the girl's hands had sunk into her lap idly, and the absent eyes, looking away into regions he knew nothing about, haid-grown sad with an unaccountable sadness. At these times .he would ask if she were well, and complain that he never heard her laugh now, or sing the songs that used to be his favorites. Then Mildred roused herself. The bitterest drop in her cup would have .been the danger of any one's guessing how mad she had been-how worse than foolish how ready to accept a little courtesy this she called it now-for more than it meant. One bright morning in Summer, Mildred rose with a dogged determina tion to conquer the folly and be herself again. Very'easyin theory; not quite so simple in practice. Lately she had been idle and dreamy that should be changed. She would so fill up every spare moment that there should be no time for dreams. But then the day was very hot and wearisome. More than once a strange faintness seemed to seize her heart and stop its beating; and when the evening came, and Mr. Stafford settled down to his book -as usual, Mil dred stood at the open window, conscious that she had failed; seeing the objects before her confusedly, and gasping for air which still came hot and oppressive over the mignionette her hands had planted. Suddenly a light touch was on Mr. Stafford's shoulder, and Mildred said hesitatingly, " P'apa!" He started up, and the book fell from his hand. " Mildred-what is it-?" he asked. " I have been thinking-" "Thinking!" broke in Mr. Stafford. " I should say you have,7-to some pur pose. Why my dear child, you look like the ghost of yourself. And your hand give-it to me; I can see through it. What on earth has happened to you! and why have I never seen this before ?" " There is nothing really the matter, papa." " Then why do you look like that?" he asked impatiently, in his dismay. " I am a-little tired to-day," she re plied, '" and it is so hot! I have been wishing-" "Well, Mildred wishing what ?" he asked. " You make me desperately un easy. I shall have a doctor to you." "' No,: no; I don't want a doctor," said Mildred; " but I do think I should like to go away somewhere, just for -a little while,-a Week," she added quickly seeing that his face fell. " Away from me, Mildred ?" he said. "No, indeed," she replied: " you never thought that. I want you to take me somewhere. It.dosen't vex you, papa ?" " Yex me!" said Mr. Stafford. " Well, yes, I am vexed that I never noticed your pale face before. Cheer up, we'll soon bring theroses back. Where shall it be ?-that's all, and we'll start to-morrow." , - (To bo conlinued.) 