"BREAKING DOWN." IN TWO CHARTERS: CHAPTER II. BY JOHNNY LUDLOW. Mr. Stockleigh, the father, lived at Sydenham. She, the new wife, had taken him off there from his residence in Pim-<*> lico as soon as might be after the m ar- riage; and the daughter had never been invited inside the house. But she re solved to go there now. Saying nothing to her husband,' Mrs. Marks started for Sydenham the day after he was brought home ill, and found the place without trouble. ' The wife, formerly the cook, was a big brawny woman with a cheek and a tongue of her own. When Airs. Marks was shown in, she forgot herself in the surprise ; old habits prevailed, and she dropped a courtesy. " I wish to see papa, Mrs. Stockleigh." " Mr. Stockleigh's out, ma'am.'" " Then I must wait until ha returns." Mrs. Stockleigh did not see her way clear to turn this lady from the house, though she would have liked to do it. She made a show of hospitality, and ordered wine and cake to be put on the table. Of which wine, Mrs. Marks noticed with surprise, she drank four glasses. "Now and then we used to suspect her of drinking in the kitchen !" ran through Mrs. Maries's thoughts. " Has it grown upon her ?" The garden gate opened, and Mr. Stockleigh came through it. He was so bowed and broken that his daughter scarcely knew him. She hastened out to meet him in the path. " Caroline!" he exclaimed in amaze ment. "Is it really you? How much yon have changed." " I came down to speak to you, papa. May we stay and talk here in the garden i" He seemed glad to see her, rather than not, and sat down with heron the garden bench in the sun. In a quiet voice she told him all, and asked him to help her. Mrs. Stockleigh had come ont and stood listening to the treason, somewhat un steady on her legs. " I'd—l'd help you if I could, Caroline," he said, in hesitation, glancing at his wife. "Yes, but you can't, Stockleigh," she put in. " Our own expenses is as much as iver we can manage, Mrs. Marks. It's a orful cost, living out here, and our two servants is the very deuce for extravigince. I've changed 'em both ten times for others, and the last lot is always worse | nor the first." " Papa, do you see our position ?" re sumed Mrs. ____, after hearing the lady patiently. "It will be a long time before James is able to do anything again —if he is ever—and we have not been able to save money. What are we to do _ Go to the workhouse. I have four little children." "You know you can't help, Stock leigh," insisted Mr. Stockleigh _ lady, taking up the answer and growing more inflamed in the face. " You've not got the means to do anything: and there's an end on't." " It's true, Caroline; Pm afraid I have not," he said—and his daughter saw with pain how tremblingly subject he was to his wife. " I seem short of money always. How did you come down, my dear ?" "By the train, papa. Third class." "On dear !" cried Mr. Stockleigh. "My health's broken, Caroline. It is, indeed, and my spirit too. I am sure Pm very sorry for you. Will you come in and take some dinner ." '* We've not got nothing but a bit of 'ashed beef cried Mrs. Stockleigh as if to put a damper upon the invitation ; " Him and me fails in Our appetites dreadful; I can't think what's come to 'em." Mrs. Marks declined the dinner ; she had to get back tc the children. That any kind of pleading would be useless while that woman held the sway, she saw well. " Good-bye, papa," she said. " I suppose we must do the best we can alone. Good morning, Mrs. Stockleigh." To her surprise her father kissed her; kissed her with quivering lips. "I'll open the gate for you, my dear," he said, hastening on to it. Aa she was going through he slipped a sovereign into her hand. "It will pay for your journey, at least, my dear. I'm sorry to hear of your travelling third- class. Ah, times have changed. It is not that I won't help you, child, but that I can't. She goes up to receive the dividends, and keeps me short. I should not have had that sove reign now, but it's the change out of the spirit bill that she sent me to pay. Hush! the money goes in drink. She drinks like any fish. Ah, Caroline, I was a fool —a fool! Fare you well, my dear." " Fore you well, dear papa, and thank you," she answered, turning away with brimming eyes and an aching heart. After resting for some days and getting no better, James Marks had to give it np as a bad job. He went to the city house, saw Mr. Brown, and told him. " Broken down !" cried old Brown, —itching back his wig, as he always did "when put out. •"I never heard of such nonsense. At yonr age! The thing's incomprehensible." " The work has been very wearing to the brain, sir; and my application to it was close. During the three-and-twe nty years I have been with you I never had but one week's holiday—the one last spring." " You told me then you felt like a man breaking down, as if you were good for nothing," resentfully spoke old Brown. " Yes, sir. I told you that I believed I was breaking down for want of a rest, replied Marks. "It has proved so." " Why, you had your rest." ""One week, sir. I said I feared it would not be of much nse. But—it was not convenient for you to allow me more." "Of course it was not convenient; you know it could not be convenient," retorted old Brown. " D'ye think I keep my clerks for play, Marks? D'ye sup pose my business will get done of itself ." " I was aware myself, sir, how incon venient my absence would be, and there fore I did not press the matter. That one week's rest did me a wonderful deal of service: it enabled me to go on until now." Old Brown looked at him. " See here, Marios—we are sorry to loose you: sup pose you take another week's change now, and try what it will do. A fortnight, say. Go to the sea-side, or somewhere." Marks shook his head. " Too late, sir. The doctors tell me it will be twelve months before I am able to work again at calculations." " Oh, my service to you," cried Mr. Brown. " Why, what are you going to do if you can't work ?" " That is a great deal more than I can say, sir. The thought of it is troubling my brain quite as much as work ever did. rtsnever out of it night or day." For once in his screwy life old Brown was generous. He told Mr. Marks to draw his salary np to the day he had left, and he added ten pounds to it over and above. Some time after this I went to London to stay at Miss De teen's, while Tod stayed with the Whitneys. Mrs. Tod hetley had given me two or three com missions ; one amidst them was to call on the Marks ea at Pimlico, and see how Marks was getting on. Accordingly I went. We had heard nothing, you must understand, of what I have told above, and did not know but he was still in his situation. It was a showery day in April: just a twelve month, by the way, since his visit to us at Dyke Manor. I found the house out readilyj it was near to Ebury-strect; and knocked. A young lad opened the door, and asked me to walk in the parlor. i " You are Mr. Marks, son," I said, rubbing my feet on the mat; "I can tell by the likeness. What's your name F " William. Papa's is James." " Yes, I know." "He is ill," whispered the lad, with ; his hand on the parlor door-handle. " Mamma's down stairs, making some arrowroot." Well, I think you might have knocked me down with a feather when I knew him—for at first I did not. He was sitting in an easy chair by the fire, dressed, but wrapped round with blan kets ; and instead of being the James Marks we had known, he was like a living skeleton with cheekbones and hollow eyes. But he was glad to see me, smiled and held out his hand from the blanket. It's uncommonly awkward for a _oung fellow to be taken unawares like this. You don't know what to say. I'm sure I as much thought he was dying as I every thought anything in this world. At last I managed to stammer a word or two about being sorry to see him so ill. "Ay," said he, in a weak, panting voice, "I'm different from what I was when with your kind people, Johnny. The trouble 1 foresaw then has come.'' " You used sometimes to feel then as though you would not long keep up," was my answer, for really I could find nothing else to say. He nodded. "Yes, I felt that I was breaking down—that I should inevitably break down unless I could have rest. I went on till February, Johnny, and then it came. I had to give up my situation; and since then I have been very dangerously ill from another source —the chest and lungs." " I did not know your lungs were weak, Mr. Marks." " Pm sure I did not," he said, after a bad fit of coughing. " I had one attack in January through catching cold. Then I caught another cold, and you see the result: the doctor hardly saved me. 1 never was subject to take cold before. I suppose the fact is that when a man breaks down in one way he gets weak in all, and is more liable to other ailments." "I hope you will get better as the warm weather comes on. We shall soon have it here." "Better of this cough, perhaps: I don't know: but not better yet of my true illness that I think most of—the overtaxed nerves and brain. Oh, if I could have taken a sufficient rest in time !" " Mr. Todhetley said yon ought to have stayed with us for three months. He says it often still." " I believe," he said, solemnly lifting his hand, "that if I could have had entire rest then for two or three months, it would have set me np for life. Heaven hears me say it." And what a dreadful thing it now seemed that he had not! "I am beginning to dwell less on it now," he went on. " Perhaps it is that lam too weak to feel so keenly. Or that Christ's words are being indeed realised to me— * Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavily laden, and I will give you rest.' God does not forsake us in our trouble, Johnny, once we have learned to turn to him." [ Mrs. Marks came into the room with the cup of arrowroot. The boy had run down to tell her I was there. She was very pleasant and cheerful; you could be at home with her at once. While he was waiting for the arrowroot to cool, he leant back in his chair and dropped into a doze. "It must have been a frightful cold that he caught," I whispered to her. "It was caught the day he went into the City to tell Mr. Brown he must give up his situsition,"she answered. " There's an old saying of being penny wise and pound foolish, and that's what poor James was that day. It was a fine morning when he started, but the rain set in, aad when he left Mr. Brown it was pouring, and the streets were wet. He ought to have taken a cab, but did not, and waited for an omnibus. The first that I passed was full; by the time another came he had got wet and his feet were soaking. That brought on a return of the illness he had had in January." " I hope he will get welL" " It lies with God," she answered. They made me promise to go again. " Soon, Johnny, s_m," said Mr. Marks in a kind of eagerness that was sugges tive. " Come in the afternoon and have some tea with me." I had meant to obey literally and go in a day or two; but one thing or other kept intervening, anil a week or ten days passed. One Wednesday Miss Deveen was engaged to a dinner-party, and I took the opportunity of going to Pimlico. It was a stormy afternoon, blowing great guns one minute, pouring cats and dogs the next. Mrs. Marks was alone in the parlor, the tea-things on the table before her. " We thought you had forgotten us," she said in a half whisper, shaking hands. "But this is the best time you could have come ; for a kind neighbor has in vited all the children in for the evening, and we shall be quiet. James is worse." " Worse !" "At least, weaker. He cannot sit np long now without great fatigue. He lay down on the bed an hour ago and hhs dropped asleep," she added, indicating the next room. "I am waiting for him to awake before I make the tea." He awoke then: the cough betrayed it. She went into the room, and pre sently he came back with her. No doubt he was worse! my heart sank at seeing him. If he had looked like a skeleton before, he was like a skeleton's ghost now. "Ah, Johnny! I knew you would come." He ate one bit of thin buttered toast and drank three cups of tea —Mrs. Marks said he was always thirsty. After tea he had a most violent fit of coughing, and thought he must lie down to rest for a bit. Mrs. Marks came back and sat with me. " 1 hope he will get well," I could not help saying to her. She shook her head. " I fear he has not much hope of it himself," Bhe answered. " Only yesterday I heard him tell Willy—that—that God would take care of them when he was gone." She could hardly speak the last words, and broke down with a sob. I wished I had not said anything. "He has great trust, but things trouble bim very much," she resumed. " Nothing else can be expected, for he knows that our means are nearly spent." "It must trouble you also, Mrs. Marks." " I seem to have so much to trouble me that I dare not dwell upon it. I pray not to, every hour in the day. If I gave way, what would become of them ?" At dark she lighted the candles and drew down the blinds. Just after that there came a most tremendous knock at the front door, loud and long. " Naughty children !" she exclaimed. " It must be they." " I'll go ; don't you stir, Mrs. Marks." I opened the door, and a gush of wind and rain seemed to blow in an old gentle man. He never said a word to me, but went banging into the parlor and sank down on a chair out of breath. " Papa!" exclaimed Mrs. Marks. " Papa!" " Wait till I get up my speech, my dear," said the old gentleman. " She's gone." " Who's gone ?" cried Mrs. Marks. " She. 1 don't want to say too much j against her now she's gone, Caroline; bnt she is gone. She haul a bad fall down stairs in a tipsy fit some days ago, strik ing her head on the stones, and the doctors could do nothing for her. She died this morning, poor soul; aud lam coming to live with you and. James, if you'll have me. We shall all be so com fortable together, my dear." Perhaps Airs. Marks remembered at once what it implied—that the pressure of poverty was suddenly lifted and "she and those dear ones would be at ease for the future. She bent her head in her hands for a minute or two, keeping silence. " Tour husband shall have rest now, my dear, and all that he needs. So will you, Caroline." It had'come too late. James Marks died in May. It was about Hires or four years after wards that we saw the death of Mr. Brown in the newspapers. They made a flourish of trumpets over him, saying he had died worth two hundred thousand pounds. " There must be something wrong somewhere, Johnny," remarked the Squire, in a puzzle. " I shonld not like to die worth all that money, and know that I had worked my clerks to the bone to get it together. I wonder how he'll like meeting poor __.__, in the next world?"— The Argosy. 