TALES. TO THE BITTER END. by the author of " lady audlzy's secret," &c.; Chaiter IX— (Continued).— "Ae Fond Kiss, and Then TVs Sever." Tho morning came ; rosy-fingered Aurora in her opal oar, and Mrs. James Redmayne in a chaiso-cart. She arrived at Brierwood nbou fc breakfast- time — a metropolitan break- fast-timo, that is to say — having rieen at a prcternatnraliy early hour in order to do forty miles and bo at homo in timo for tho washing. All tho pootry of tho cool shadowy old homestead scorned to vanish at tho sight of hor. Thore arc pcoplo at whose coming all mystic creatures dis- perso ; peoplo who carry with thorn ovory- whero a delightful atmosphere of common place, whoso conversation is as interesting as a rulo-of three sum, whose countenances aro as expressive of toudor emotion as tho back of a ledger. Mrs. James was one of these. She gave her niece a meohauical kiss, with her eyes exploring tho corners of tho room all the while to see if Iho solemn rite of cleaning had been duly performed in her ab sence ; and finding nothing here to complain of, turned her scrutinising gaze upon the girl's face, and prononnced immediately that sho was looking "billons." "You've been lolling about indoors all day, I dare8ay,"ahe rcmarkod, "instead of taking a healthy walk every morning." "No indeed, aunt Hannah," protested Grace, blushing; "I've been out a good deal — for long walks." " O, you have, have you ?" said her aunt ; "and pray are those pillow-oases mended yet ?" " I've — almost — finished them." " Almost ! You've never done more than almost finish any work I ever gave you to do. But that comes of aonding girls to stuok-up boarding- schools. I've no common patience with such trumpery." "Is the baby a very nice one, aunt Hannah?" Grace inquired meekly, in tho hope of giving a pleasant turn to the conver sation. "He's got the red-gum," Mrs. James answered sharply; "I don't believe I ever 3aw a obild so speckled." "But he'll come right, I snppose, aunt?" ' O, he'll come right soon enough I daresay, but as for your monthly nurses, of all tho lazv lumber I ever had to do with, thoy're about the worst. If ohildren could only bo brought up to tho month by machinery, so as to got rid of them, it would bo a blessing to families. How's Mr. Walgry ?" "He's very well, aunt Hannah. Unole James told you in his letter that he was going away, didn't he ?" " Well, yes, bo said something about it ; but it was as muoh as I could do to make top or tail of It. Your uncle's a pjor scribe. When is he going ?" " To-day," faltered Grace, dragging one of the ill-fated pillow-oa3es out of her work- basket and studying a darn. " To- day 1 That's uncommonly (sadden. However, he's a good paymaster, and free to go when ho likes. If one must take a lodge ono couldn't have one that would give less trouble. And we've made a fair profit out of him. I Bhall put from ten to fifteen pound in tho savings-bank for your father out of whs.t he's paid mo." Mrs. Jamoa took off her bonnot, washed hor face at a sink in the baok-kitchon with the strongest yellow soap, and a most pro found indifference to theeffeot of such ablu- tionB on hor complexion, put on a cleau cap, and then went to pay her respects to tho de parting lodger. His portmanteau and oarpct- bag had been brought down into the old- fashioned low coilinged lobby, whioh servod as a hall ; the Kingsbury fly was at the door. Grace stood at tho parlor-window, pale as a ghost, watching. Would ho seok her out to soy good- bye ? or would ho leave her without a word ? Tho eyes of the world wero on him now — would he play his cruel part coldly, and without heed of hor an guish. Sho hoard his voice in the lobby, talking commonplace to her aunt, and listened as if every word had beon inspiration. "So sorry to leave you, Mrs. Redmayne," ho said, in his slow languid way. " I did not believe I could have enjoyed country life so mnoh. I have to thank you a thou sand times for all your attention ; nothing but an aotual necessity to perform other engagements would induce me to leave you. I hope to bo allowed to aome again some day." "Wo shall bo ploased to see you any- when, Mr. Walgry," raplied Mrs. James, in her blandest tones. " I'm sure there never was a gentleman gave less trouble." Mr. Walgrave smiled faintly. Ono poor little innocent heart had been sorely troubled by his coming. He wa3 a man of the world, but not quite iron ; and be had a guilty foci- iog that hi3 presence in that house had wrought evil. The fly was at the door, his portmanteau and book- box bestowed upon the roof, and he had only given timo for the drive to Tun- bridgo junction ; yet ho lingorod, looking round him doubtfully. " I think I ought to say good-bye to your niece, Mrs. Rsdmayno," he observed at last. "You're very polite, I'm sure, sir; and I daresay Grace might take it unkind if you went away without wishing her good morn ing. Sho's been brought up at boarding- school, and is fall of fancies. Bless my soul, whero iB the girl ? Grace !" The parlor- door opened quickly at that shrill cry, and Grace appeared on the threshold, pale to the lips, scarcely able to stand. Happily for her, Mrs. James's at tention was distracted 'at that moment 'by her son and heir, who had just contrived to smash a pane in tho half-glass door with one end of the traveller's fishiug- rod. For a long timo Grace Redmayne's image, 83 sho looked at that moment, haunted Hubert Walgrave. Tho pale plaiutivo look, the despairing eyes, with a kind of wilduess in thorn. Her image in many shapes was destined to haunt him all his life, but he never forgot that one look, that muto un conscious appeal. He went to her as she stood by the door, and took her hand. "1 could not go away, without wisbiug you good bye, Grace," he said. "Ihavo been telling your aunt how happy I have been here, and that I mean to come again — some day." He waited, half expecting her to speak, but she said nothing. Tho pale lips quivered Blightly, and that was all. "Good- bye," he repeated; and then iiia lower voice, "Good-bye, and God bltss you, my darling !" He turned quickly away, shook hands will) Mrs. Redmayne, and then with the cider of the lada, uu whom he bestowed a couple of sovereigns for , fishing tackle ; the house- servant had beeu alroady fco'd, ar>d \v;- smiling tho smile of gratitude from the background. In another minute the driver smacked his whip, tho wheels grated on the gravel, and Hubert Walgrave was gone. " It makes us a full hour late for begin ning tho wash," said aunt Hannah ; " bnt everything's in soak, and we've got a good drying day, that's one blessing." Grace dragged herself up to her room, somehow, groping blindly up the familiar old staircase, -with a mist of bitter unshed toai3 before her oyos. O weary liiubs ! O heavy, heavy heart ! Was thore nover again to bo any jny for her upon this earth ? Chatter X. —Mr. Wauirave is Satisfied with Himself. Tho ten a m. express whisked Mr. Wal grave up to town in something loss than an hour. The fair Kentish landscape shot past tho carriago window, little by little losing its oharm of rural seclusion, growing subur ban, dotted thickly and more thickly with villas, here nowly whitened stueco of the rustic Italian stylo, there fresh red brick of severely gofchic design ; for oaks oamo laurels, for mighty beeches of half a dozen centuries' growth, monkey trees planted tho day before yester day ; every house bad its glittering conser vatory, trim lawn, and geometrical flower beds, all ablaze with Tom Thumb geraniums and calceolaria ; everywhere the same aspect of common-place British prosperity. Then the bright well-ordered suburb melted into the crowded southern fringe of the great town. The air became flavored with soap- boiling, tallow, new boots — on the right hand a far-off odor of cordage and tar from Deptford ; on tho left, the dismal swamps of Beriuonds6y. Then a clang and a clatter, a shucking and puffing, and jerking and snorting ; a stoppage or two— apparently purposeless — and, lo, Mr. Walgrave was at the London-bridge Station ; and it seemed to him as if Grace Redmayne, and tho life that he had been living for tho last few weeks, oould scarcely belong to such a world as this. It was a dreary awakening from a delicious droam. He oalled a cab — a fonr-wheoler — since he had the responsibility of his luggage, and no ono but himself to take charge of it, and drove through the grimy miry streets. Even at this deadest period of the year the city was noisy with traffic, and full of life and motion, but 0, what a dismal kind of lifo after the yellowing corn-fields, ntudded with gaudy field flowers, and the rapturous musio of tho lark, invisible in the empyrean ! " 0. to bo a country squire with twenty thousand a year," he thought, "and to live my own life ! to marry Grace Red mayne, and dawdle away my harmless days riding round my estate; to superintend tho felling of a tree or the levelling of a hedge ; to lie stretohed on the grass at sunset with my head on my wifo's lap, my cigar-case and a bottle of claret on the rustic table beside me ; to have the renown that goes with a good old namo and a handsome ineome ; and to have nothing to wrestle for, no prize to pluck from the elow-growing tree that bears the sour fruit of worldly auceeea— sour to the man who fails to reach it, ashes to the lips of him who wins it too late ! And yet we strive — and yet we persevere — and yet we sacrifice all for the hope of that." Tho oah took him to one of the gates of tho Temple, and deposited him finally in King's-benoh-walk. Here ho had his cham bers, a handsome suite npon the first floor, where he ohose to live in defiance of fashion. Ho fully knew the value of externals, and that well-made ohairs and tables are in a manner tho outward expression of a man's mental worili. There wa3 no bric-abrac: nor wero the doors Bhadowed by those ruby velvet portieres which seem to prevail more in light literature than in tho housos of every day life. The rooms wore largo and lofty, and had all the oharm of fine old mantel pieces, deep window seats, and well-pre served panelling. Tho furniture was solid and in good order — a little old-fashioned, and therefore iu harmony with the rooms. There were boobs on every side, but no luxury of binding— such books as a gentleman and a lawyer should possees — in sober decent garb, and arranged with an extreme nicety in fine old mahogany bookcases of that Georgian period whereof the furniture seems always to bear on its front a palpable protest against any pretensions to beauty. There were two or three eomfortable eosy-ohairs, upholstered in russet morocoo, a writing- table with innu merable drawers and pigeon-holes, a pair of handsome brorz i moderator lamps, and over tho high mantelpieco in tho principal room ono picture, tho only picture in Hubort Walgrave'a chambors. It was a portrait, the portrait of a woman, with a face of almost perfect loveliness — arob, piquant, bowitehing, with hazsl eyes that had the light of happy laughter in their brightness. The costume, whioh the painter had made a little fanciful iu its character, was obviously old- fashioned ; between thirty and forty years old at tho loast. As a work of att tho picture was a gem, a por trait whioh Reynolds or Romney — " the man in Cavendish-square" — might have been proud of. A quiet-looking middle-aged man- servant received Mr. Walgrave, and busied himself with the carrying in of the luggage. Ho was hnlf butler, half valot ; slept in a closet off tho small kitchen which lurked at tho back of those handsome rooms ; aud with the aid of a laundress, who might often be heard scrub bing and sweeping in tho early morning, but was rarely beheld by human eye except his own, conducted Mr. Walgrave's household. He was altogether a model servant, the re sult of a good many experiments in the do- mostio line, was efficient in the dnties of a valet, and could broil a ohop aud boil a po tato to perfection, and conduced in no small measure to Hubert Walgrave's eomfoit. His name was Cuppage — Christian name Abraham — not by reason of any Jewish ele ment in his race, baton account of the bibli cal tendencies of his mother, to whom he still proudly alluded, on familiar occasions, ob au unequallod clear- starcher and a stanch Bible Christian. " Any letters, Cuppage ?" Mr. Walgrave inquired, flinging himself into his favorite arm-chair, and looking round the room list lessly. It was a very pleasant room, looking west ward, and commanding a fine view of that one feature whioh London has most reason to be proud of, the river. It was a comfortable roam, stamped with tho individuality of the mau to whom it belonged, and Mr. Walgrave was fond of it. His books, his papers, his pipes, all tho things which made life agree able to him, were here. In this room bu bad worked for the last seven years, ever siuco ho had begun to earn money by his profes sion ; and tho book-shelves had been filling gradually all that timo, every volume added by his own bauds, picked up by himself, and in accordance with his own especial tastes. Ho began to !» reconciled to tho ohango from that shady old house in Kent, with the perfumo of a thousand (lowers blowing in at every window. London was dull, and empty, and dingy, but ho had the things he cared for — books and perfect ease. "I think I was made to be an old bache lor," he thought. " I should hardly care to lcavs these rooms to inhabit a palace, unless — unless it was with Grace Redunyee. Strange that a farmer's daughter, educatod at a provincial boarding school, should exer cise more influence over mo than any woman I ever met — should aoem to me cleverer and brighter than the brightest I ever encoun tered in society. I don't think I am so woak a fool as to be won by beauty alone, though I would be the list to underrate that charm. I don't think 1 should have beeu so fond of that girl, if she wero not something more than beautiful." " I should iavo been bo fond." Mr. Walgrave put his passion in a past tense, tried to consider it altogether a thing of the past ; and then began to walk slowly up and down his room, now and then pausing by- one of tho three windows to look absently cut at the snnlit river, with its fleet of blaok Dinting steamers and slow coal barges, with here acd there a dingy tail flapping in the faint summer wind, thinking of Grace Red mayne. What was she doing just at this moment ? ho wondered. Wandering listlessly in the garden, quite alone and very sorrowful. "I shall nover forget that u hito despair ing face of hers," he said to himself. " The thought of it gives me aotual pain at my heart. If — if I were a weak mau, I should take my carpet-bag and go back by tho afternoon train ; I oan fancy how the sweet face wonld light up at sight of me. But I should be something worse than a fool if I did that. The wrench is over. Thank Heaven, I acted honorably ; told her the truth from tho first. Aud now I have only to make it my business to forgot her." There were letters for him. Cuppago had arrauged them symmetrically in a neat group upon the writing-table at the right hand of the morocco-covered slope on whioh Mr. Walgrave was wont to write. He ceased from his promonado presently, and directed his attention to these, as some sort of dis traction from meditations whioh he felt wero perilous. They were not likely to bo parti- oulaily intoiesting — his letter bad been for warded to hiui daily at Brierwood — but they would serve to occupy his mind for an honr or so. There was one, bearing tho Kensington post-mirk, in a hand which surprised him. A large thick envelope, sealed with a mono gram in gold and color, and directed in a bold firm baud, square and uniform in style, which might be masoulino or feminine. it was very familiar to Hubert Walgrave. Ho gave a little start of surprise — not alto gether pleased surprise — on seeing this lotter, and tore open tho envelope hurriedly, to the utter destruction of the omblazoned mono gram, in whioh tho initials A.H.Y. went in and out of each other in the highest style of florid gothic. The letter was hot a long one. " Acropolis-squaro, 19 ;h August. "My dear Hubert, — You will no doubt bo surprised to receive my letter from the above address. Papa grew suddenly tired of Ems, and elected to spend the rest of the autumn in England. So hers we are for a day or two, deliberating whether we shall go to some quiet watering-place or pay c ff some of our arrears with friends. Papa lent the Ryde villa to Mrs. Filmer before we went away, and of course wo can't turn hor out. Tho Stapleton3 want us at Hay ley, aud the Beresford3 have asked us for ever so many years to Abblecopp Abbey, a fine old place in the depths of Wales. But I dare say the question will resolve itself into our going to Eastbourne or B:gnor. " I hope you are getting qulto strong aud welL If there wore any chance of your being in town for a few hours— I suppose you do come sometimes on business — be tween this and next Thursday, wc should be very glad to see you ; but I do not wish to interfero with your doctor's injunotioas about rest and quiet. Ems was dull a /aire frimir. Half a dczen eccentric toilettes, as many ladies who were talked about, a Rus sian prince, aud all the rest the dreariest of the invalid spocies — so even Kensington Gardens in August are agroeablo by way of a change. — Always sincerely yours, Augusta Harcross Vallory." Mr. Walgrave twisted tho lotter round iu his fingers thoughtfully, with rather a grim smile upon his face. " Cool," he eald to himself. " A gentle manlike epistle. None of the Eloisa or Sappho to Phaon business, at any rate. I wonder what kind of a letter Graoe Red. mayne would write me if we wero plighted lovers, and had not seen each other for seven or eight weeks. What a gushing stream of tenderness would well from that fond young heart !" " 'Augusta Haroross Vallory,' " looking at the dashing semi- masoulino autograph with a half- scornful admiration. " What a fine straight up-and- down hand she writes — with a brocil-nibbed pen, aud a liberal supply of ink ! Ono could fanoy hor signing death warrauts just as firmly. I wonder b)io doesn't sign lerself 'Haroross and Vallory.' It would seem moro natural. Not a bad name for a barony, by tho way — like Stamford and Warrington. Her husband may be raisod to tho peerage seme day by such a title." And at the sug gestion made in bitter jest a dim faint vision of au crmino cap with six pearls arose before Walgrave's mental gaze. " Men have rat in the Upper House who began with Ainader advantages than mine," ho thought. "A fortune like Augusta Vallory's will buy anything in commeroitl England. Ouo by one the old names aro dropping out of the list ; and of ten new ones, eight are chosen for the extent of a landed estate, or the balance at a bank. And when mouoy is conjoined with professional renown, tho thing is so easy, j But it would be rather singular if I were to sit in the Upper House aiul Sir Francis Clovedon in the Lower." He looked at his watch. Thrco o'clock. Tbo day was eo old already, and he had dono nothing — net oven answered the three or four letters that required to be answered. Ho took a quire of paper, dashed off a few rapid re plies, left Miss Vallory's note unanswered, and lighted a meditative cigar. Cuppage came iu while ho was smoking it to inquire if his master would dino at home. "No. You can put my things ready for mo in an honr. I shall dine out this oven, ing, and I may want to dre.s early." The cigar suited him, That little com monplace note of Augusta Vallory's had diverted his mind in some measure — had sent his thoughts in a now direction. He was no longer depressed. On the contrary, he was pleased with himself and tho world — rather proud of his own conduct during the late crisis in his life— inclined to ap plaud and npprovo himself as a generous, honorable-minded man of the world. Ho did not consider that honor aud generosity and worldiiueBS were in any way incom patible. " Nothing could have been moro straight forward than my conduct to that dear girl," ho said to himself. " From first to last I was thoroughly candid. Come wiiat may, I can have nothing to reproach myself with on that score." Must/, on Sir Charles Dii.ke's Motion. —At a meeting of tho Birmingham Republi can Clob loiters wore read from Mr. Dixon and Mr. Muniz iu answer to an inquiry by the secretary of tho club why they voted against Sir Charles Dilko's moi'.od. Mr. Muniz wroto — "I havo merely to answer that na the civil list was settled by act of railiataeai for the lifo of the Queen, any in quiry during tha life of iho present Sove reign would be superfluous." A resolution was passed that the replies of Messrs. Dixon aud Muniz were unsatisfactory, aud contrary to the Liberal programme of re trenchment ' of expenditure oi thu public money. Tho cicluJvo riz'ut of republication ol this tr.lo in tnn Australian Colonies bu beenpurohascd by tho Proprietors ot Tub aos. 