TIIE FIGHT FOR TIIE CUP ; I OR THE B SLOGGER'S REVENGE. B A TALE OF CRICKET. B (Br AIercury.) k C Concluded .) K The match with South Melbourne referred B to had one decided peculiarity about it, B which I should imagine is native to colt B cricket. During a particular nortion nf H innings of the Colts one could not fail to note the changeful hues upon the counte nances of the inhabitants of the E. M. pavilion. The most vivid facial auroras' occurred at the time when the chances of East Alelbourne's retaining ye Challenge Cup appeared excessively shy. As the wiokets of theColtstookanelsngatedappearanceuponthe grass, and at the particular time when a South Alelbourne bowler seemed very fami liar with the bails of East Melbourne, the brilliant idea struck a few unbroken colfa that the bowling partook of a throw ! Ooe would imagino that their umpire ought to have been tho best judge upon the trundlbg referred to, but as East Alelbourne seems prolific in sucking umpires, in um pires with peculiar viows, and in umpires of considerable bias, I ought not to cavil at the dwellers in their pavilion holding singular notions of the regu lations affecting an umpire's duty. Hence the Yahoos, hootings, and remarks from the pavilion, in whioh colloquial busi ness much abuse seemed to be aimed at the head of this unhappy bowler for South Mel- bourne. This disgraceful and altogether novel way of receiving a crioketing defeat exasperated onlookers upon every side, and the friendly wipes in the shape of admoni tions which appeared in tho "dailies," let us hope, will teach these temporarily success- fnl boys that, after all, some of us remember English model cricket, and have probably viewed hundreds of matches regulated and played in gentlemanly fashion, in a tight little island across the seas— yea, ere these colts had drawn the paternal milk which nonrisheth. But verily the exuberances alluded to have taken a most sad and unexpected turn. Last Saturday's scene on the ground of the joumonters will be one upon whose anniver sary will sit a black line in the cricketing almanac ; yea, a mark aB indelible as the dark blue under an Octoroon's liair, for ye Cup whioh Challengeth took unto itself wings, and, jo and behold, it Tostoth with one Bunting, a truly splendid backer of cricket, the father of South Melbourne's successes, nnd the vigorous secretary of that clnb, whose flag proudly waves on the hanks of tt " remarkable awamjp on the hill. It was a fetching sight to live in memo); as tho pheosant-trimm'd Daniel poured or i his advice to the team of Colts mustered ft 1 trouble. Poor Clarke had suffered a horrii nightmare ; he viewed in disturbing drean his Clip of Challenge borne on tho shouldei of Whiteman John, a rabid South Me bourneite, as also poefc, etcetera; boBawi' his dreary visions a number of tails belongio t sundry colts, hanging bereft of curl ; h beheld his Darke smitten, and in sorrow; h - vicwed the point of hie pride, his William a8am taking to " footballs and all aboo' them ; ' ho tore his moBquito curtain witl- the waking cry of " A colt, a eolt ; my pavi lion for a colt and he kept aloof from tb ground on this its day of tribulation. But Dan, 3'ea, ho of tho twist, ahoulderet his bat, followed his unfinished innings, out the game went feverishly forward. Despite the manifold advantages whici encirole successes in this mundane hemi sphere, there appeared upon the ground thi writing which upset the ancient Belshazzar, and the Colts road for their own benefit thi " Aleue, mcno, tekel upharsin " lettering, they went to the wickets more in sorrow thai in anger. Mon cried to ono another. "East Alelbourne is about to receive soiue tying up," and the game waxed warm ! In the pavilion tho color of tho cmnton- ances seemed of a milky l.uo and about the ground friends of tho old woman," tho \f c C clung together and winked upon each other. Men from tho Carlton Club woro c-msidorablo quantities of grm upon ah.ir Oibsonian faces ; larrikins of tho noblo ante hkc D. S. Ctmpbeli, Hull, and othors, looked unutterably aviBO ; tlioy murmured, "This will do those boys much that is rood " a Mil still tho numbers went up. The East Melbourneitos required loss than ten runs to retain their honors, their Cup, and their overboarinp enthusiasm. Captain Dm aiul tho lost man of tho side were in at the finish ; another run had gone under tho pencils, wlion suuletily thoro went ud a cry of agony from a considerable num ber of colts, followod by a sorios of caps, bits of shirts, lumps of dirt, cheers, old hats. elc:tera. By tho sido of thrco s'nmps stood tho Horan-Btrickcn Dan ; he viewed with much anxiety ono particular bail, aud took no notice whatever of tho other. Tho ono which rivottcd his nnlmon-tiuted gazs lay upon tho crass and tho captain of tho discomfited colts'kepton gazing upon this comical bit of wood thus calmly taking i's rest on tho '"jjowould have been there yet undoubtedly, if I may j'"'S0 by theearncBt, thoughtful ex pression lie was wearing, had not a friend cnllod kis attention to tho fact that it was getting dark, and peoplo were going homo. Upon gnzing around ho found ho was out, dreadfully out; he softly whispered, "Where is Clarke ?'' " Tlioy told him gently Clarke was sick." Dan convulsed, and they carried him in I With tho fall of that wicket tho quotations for niivcr cups became irregular — one could hardly got at a real buyor j all tho previous holders of such stock seemed busy putting on mourning and taking off flannels and blue- striped shirts, there were numerous inquiries for Olarkes considerably below lato prices, and paid-up Darkea were offered at very low rates, Williams being the only declared buyor, on terras. » . . » Close upon tlio hour when Bick ghosts parade by virtue of vested interests on our sublunary sphere, and at the third ohime of our idiotic Post Office clock, two huge and well, developed cat3 faced each other in battle array upon tho East Melbourne pavillion. Both mcmbors of. tho folino tribe had received a fright simultaneously, henco their haggard and thick-tailed greeting. Tho oanso of their grievance slept underneath in the por- son of Dan, yea, he of tho tint and twi3t ; and as tho pale moon rose from a bank of windy clouds, tho rays which usually ac company a moon under such circumstances fell upon Daniel's frontispiece, aud it scorned to carry a heavy handicap of woo. Daniel murmured in his dreams, and being in great luck at this particular momont I picked up a few of hh mental writhings. "I changed my block ; forgivo me, boys seek ye another twister ; and for me, alas farewell tho chi-ike of M.C.C.'s ! Fare well the whole of this colt business ; Dan's bust !" Tito male and female inhabitants of the roof cried " Amen," in a shrill response, which partook of a wail ; and after sundry spits all round, they left the captain, pads and all, alone in his glory ! In the pavilion of South Melbourno ye Cup which Challengeth restcth — its brim saturated with champagne, its whole aspeot changed -aud Whiteman of John will sit for hours together gazing upon its wondrous beauty. A poem by Emefald Hill's Legisla tive laureate is half finished, and ere tho in voice is rendered for tho flowing and spark- I ling wino which " weut down " in honor of this victory, the old woman across the pad docks — the ancient and used-up M.C.C.— i wjii flivvB tno ornamental Slogging tropnv I safely under her Kowley's care. I This is tho prophesy of Mercury, therefore I John my beloved, yea thou whoso beard I floweth like unto the bards', keep one of the | empty champagne cases back, so that ye Cup | which Challengeth may bo packed properly | in its transit, ore it ia labelled I This sido up, | To tho Honorary Secretary, M. C. C. 