FICTION. [Sab* America»* «od other ía$HE FLOWER OF SUDA. America»* nd other P*rto41e«U-> o»ü--* ÍKate of the, Cretan MevoïuHon. ra 'ir-..' v « - i " -! .* ' " ' CHAPTER XXIII. C5U' V' ' ' THE GULF CHASE. Their hostess led the fugitive Greeks from the ?"^^ttJuaV'tntd ihVdnsfe shadows of a lower garden wMclriioi'dered on the water. The early evening vas full of light gloom, the moon not being visible. j&B;'&j;çr'glided like silent ghosts through the shrub bery, anU alongthö paths of this garden, gaining the Open)beach which formed its southern boundary, UtiimV this beach rocked idly a sail-boat, her looijójíe^ .canvas flapping idly in the rising wind, her ,, ipj?eSjtrailüig in the water. T*""* "'".4 little farther up-the beach a group of Turkish ;.'?*"''jtódjers .were approaching at a swift pace, and in'the ~° "f¿opposite' direction were visible a second similar *T^oifcroirp, also approaching. m1 T--^ iew^odafrom the first-named group of soldiers .*, woksaO-boat, about which a half-do2en Bailors were ."^-Ionííging. ', ' £ '" . Bown the'bay, ft mile or more, were Turkish stea '^'^ meta, and, from the seaward came the gleam of the ??''-;£-ggnt ofj a blockading vessel. > Captain Rolas swept the scene with a keen and ~* r^iiactised eye/niarking all these features which ren ./r1, 'deredthe situation desperate. , ^~ "I must leaWyou here,* said their guide in trem bung haste. " My husband ia admitting the soldiers. -E^T-nlUBt^be there tdiliaaniL their suspicions, or our house will be burned to the ground." 1 ,*iTtI"î iWîtH'a. murmured blessing upon her imperiled £c«l ¡guests, ehù turned and flew towards the house. ia f*>. ."Qaick! To the'boat!" cried Captain. Bolas, J i ; ; footing tile distance between himself and the coming ~Sl j-aoldiers. >,:.!?.! . Zaume and Maddalena obeyed, hastening to the Our hero followed more leisurely, as if feeling sgritb *£his ease. He sprang lightly into the boat, -shqc*fter Pushing off, and adjusted his sails to the willing I¿ a moment .the'boat began moving from the 0*0 : anare. . \----ü-Hallo, there !" cried the leader of the foremost group of. soldiers, hurrying his pace to a run. " Halt ! or wffÜTBl"~ - y^t-t. ^P^tain Rolas arose to his feet, and looked calmly x" àinifl-pursuerB, - His BküfuUy-disguised face, his padded figure, and "_biaTurkish uniform, combined to give him consider l'^áhl*lreeemblanc6to ColoneU Kelegi. In the uncer- tain gloom, in the.shadow of the sail, with some dis a » "tance between, it was scarcely to be wondered at that u a **>& aoîdiërs-believed him their commander. ; Captain Rolas saw1 his advantage and improved it. " 1rs all right, my men," be said* imitating the .(hush tones of his enemy. '^1 am going to take the girl bat of the way-that's aU P ^¿Çpvthe young Greek's Joy and surprise, this answer seemecl perfectly satisfactory. The soldiers checked their steps* and one of them exclaimed : f K5. ".Xou said j'ou should take the girl off in the other m 'iioat.' if yon found her," und be pointed at the little \- ^oopólifTiero "had remarked. ** You have got the" ><bjet±erbo*t though now, colonel." The " olsgulsea Greek nodded Tissent, and busied himself withthe management of his little craft, much "i Ü \"j «omforted by the last assertion of the soldier. Tfie wind had now seized the sails, and the boat went flying over tha waters of the bay, every instant -ii'J' uo£reaaing the distance between the fugitives and the "shore. r " It seems," said the Greek coolly, " that Kelegi in JJ tended to carry yon off in a boat, Znlime. He pro- bably intended to take you to a point nearer his bomerand there disembark. He did not want to ex* pose yon to the sight or the insults of the rabble. Perhaps ha thought it might not look well in the ,5-j'ijofliciflI reports of my capture that personal motive? .L: icfibfouId appear to mingle in his parrie tiara." .< ./Znlime and Maddalena crouched in the bottom of _ ihg boat, peering over the side at the shore they had : Tqmttéd, while their'young protector bent all his .T'jít- energies fo the extraction of the utmost amount of ."'?^.pèôd from his little craft. The women saw lights nashing from the upper «d' fr,%.***?n4owa °*tne leatter- mercbanrs dwelling, beheld a*ici\>.ö>e gleam of lanterns in the two gardens, and heard 2-.-'úr¿; Jahoats that every moment grew fainter and more indistinct. The soldiers on the shore-mere stolid machines ..saaeá-atnpidly after the receding boat that seemed " fairly "to leap over the'white crests of the waters; .^ ?. batdsPye^evidently no suspicion of the rose* that had *'- .. been played upon them had entered their heads. Captain Solas Jlung back his close-curling rings of -. .K?/fcairV which .had drooped over his brows from under Ins wig, and laughed at the imbecility of his enemies. .Tiírrífí "*-*«? If it were-daylight," he said; "I should like to * " '-'/-show those stupid fellows my Greek uniform, which .e^Li-í^g under this I Wouldn't they open their eyes P" t J iirj «How wo go Vcried Znlime, all glow and excite mest, her golden hair blowing in the wind, and her gray eyes full of leaping lights. "They will not -3» .^overtakauB.- Oh I Conrad, they have discovered us." cr. jj I ,iA wild cry came over the waters at that instant, ii:ed -Meonnrming her words. j The pursuers had emerged from the gardens upon »\¿»ch ^ tha beach, had marked the glimmer of white sails in the gloomy distance, and the soldiers had compre L^'i*jb hended; at flight Pf their master, that they had let the prize slip through their hands 1 : iv t&ds; ï.lZxmme marked, toe swiftly moving figures, heard the hoarse shouts of command, and beheld the Tur sviñt f. irish,sloop-move out slowly with uncertain J mo ve -dflSiixt'inemVber sails swelling slowly with the windi " She is getting under way 1" declared the mai *} "- ->r? ? ytw,?%***&»$|y, uSheiscorningon,Conrad,atapretty good rate. The soldier said truly-we have the best Boat!" ^WeAaU.outstrip.the,boat fast enough 1" said costo ûrjCagaun. Solas, quietly, yet with an anxious look. oí ion ' ^ifould'.not take long for the steamers to run us -JlrMrujIoipB« ¿thought Fortunately, the ;>eople' 0n the cz '-- <xf ;S-eamars have not observed us* or elie they fancy it «/ju>ccr*í«aasan£ race over the bay between two friendly crafts. We are not in range with their guns !fl he iiLïiîf "Added, his countenance brightening. "The breeze ?-J" (¿*j J"4tafcea as right along, and we have reason to hope !" p 3l, i j , !Ho bent anew to his task, and the boat responded ,« (¿Q'his urgúigj! flying as if it were a sentient thing, and'were inspired with the idas of escape. The purauüig craftrrailed to gain on the fugitive, ^.Y/iiJjTHe ahoutB and oaths and maledictions of Kelegi came over the waters faintly and indistinctly still. On the shores stood a group of soldiers watching the race, their figures no longer to ,be outlined in the distant shadows. I From an upper window of the leather-merchant's house gleamed a single lamp-a sign of encourage- ment tb ¿he desperate fugitives. The, steamers retained their sleepy look, and the blockading vessel to the seaward still displayed her Lu¿ ,h-n_«inglfl light, which gleamed as tranquilly as a star. " I think a mesaengerig being sent to the steamers Mere* aaidZiilime,strainmg ker eyes through the gloom. " I see a boat creeping along the shores against tia wind toward them Ah! they seem to have abandoned the boat, and 1 imagine they are send X ts ¡ <. nig messengers on foot" z-a.i i Captain Bolas looked m the direction indicated. " That is a row boat," he said, after a moment's keea aarvey " They have taken in aula and are nong oar*. They are bound for the steamers, sure . »i ¡»-S eTOUgh." Maddalena uttered a groan of dismay " The steamer« will run us down in ten minutes 1" \- %ra;-'j «h»exclaimed. " There is no help for us '" "You were not born for a sailor, Maddalena," ob c^ji.j j*arr»ithe young Greek, pleasantly ' What would yon tamk of incurring worse penis than this two n alghta a-week p This is a mere trifle to a blockade jnmser The vessels, after they get their news, which tiley can't; noder ten murates, have got to get their aa.>di.ateajaiip Thoee stupid Turka did not think of that And then, when the steamers do get under way, they have got to find us." " I don't understand yon," said Maddalena, won denngly " Won't we be here f " rid ,issr-.,"Not by agood deaL I intend that we shall be te the shadow of the cliffs opposite before the stea OrrijtiJBBrjgBta chance to fit» at us." " "üb* blockading-ship is under a full head, of «team." »aid gulune " I wonder they didn't signal to her If any one on board of her sees us, they m! ii arill think; na engaged m a friendly race." The young Greek gave up his attention tonis oon<-Jtoop, wbjfb had, as ne had mentioned, been built exclusively for speed. The two women kept up a Tigilant witch upon rea and shore, and reported at bnef jnte-jrals to their protector " Kgtegi ia standing upright in his boat, and his arm jsstretcneAout toward us," saidZuhme U know it jM Kelegi by his tall figure He seems to be shak- ing hu clenched hand atna He is shouting to us '" " He cant expect us to stop and Intento him'" observed our; hero, with a emile I won t mind _bearing what he bia to say when I have leisure " \- a1 ' =For ft-while-there was silènes between the fugi j f/CJii#TM. The j woman watched, with, fascinated ant} ,t ,-.,; «triising gaie, the signs xif excitement on the stea £0 rjjPMraj, and the progresa of preparations, seeing, mora " withjü» eye» o£ imagination in th^, shadows than mai the physical organ» of sight They noted, too, the progress of thepursuing sloop, and observed with Batidfactiun that it failed to gam an inch on its hoped for pre\ Suddenly, Zulinie uttered a cry that warned her lo\erof deepening pen! He glanced o\er his shoulder in time to mark it* Tlie steamers were slowlj moving out mto the bay, and the foremost had °ent up a rocket which was coursing its comet like way through mid air " Aeignaito the blockader'" said our hero, turn- ing his gaze upon the latter " Theref it is answered, and the blockader is moving m this direction. Too late, my friends'" be said, mockingly, directing ma glances to the pursuing sloop "Too late,M "Are they too late to overtake us0" cried the Greek maiden ?" ** How so sw Captain Bolas replied by pointing to the south wara. i The bold and rugged cliffs of the southern shore of the gulf 'were startungly near at hand, j Even while Zulime, who had been toopreoccupied to observe their progress, looked at these frowning, bluffs in amazement at their nearness, thehoat darted into the shadows, and slackened her speed in the stiller waters. Captain Rolas had guided his craft with the keen eye of a" -practised mariner. He knew every rock and crevice of the western shores of Crete, and could have landed on the darkest night anywhere he might choose between Rhetymno on the northern coast, and Lotrachi on the southern. , 1 Skilfully directing his boat, Captain Rolas shot into a narrow cove between two wall* of rocks, and ran alongside some low, half-sunken stones. \ Obeying his order, the women Bprang out and climbed the rocka to a little distance. The Greek captain then guided his little sloop into a crevice beyond, where she would be concealed from casual observation, and joined his companions. "We are safe now I" he said bnefly. " Yet, to be doubly safe, and, to be comfortable as well, we must go further among the rocks to a grotto, where I have more than once spent a night" He led the way half way up the cliff, bidding the women be on their guard against missteps. There ?were numerous crevices and fissures into which a fall would be certain death. The progress of the fugitives was therefore necessarily alow, but at length they gained a narrow rocky platform above, which was overhung with sheltering rocks. _ Here they paused and looked down upon the waters of the bay. The steamers were approaching the coast with abating speed, and Xelegi's sloop came flying on- ward-just missing the track of her intended prey. ** We may as well go on to the grotto," observed Captain Rolas, when his charges had rested. " It ia but a little way farther." Resuming their flight, the three hastened, along their perilous footpath, arriving; at a wall of rock which rose in broken masses far above their heads. But one outlet to their course was apparent, and that led down to a steep abyss whose blackness was enough to make even the most daring shudder. _*' What are we to do now ?" asked Zulime, pausing. ~ "Captain Rolas replied by Bealing" a section of the wall which seemed to be without foothold. . ** I am only five feet above you," he said, a moment | ' later, peering over the rocks at the two figures below, at the mouth of the grotto he mentioned. "There are niches in the rock which you can feel, not see. Give me your hand; ZuTime, and you will be up here directly.^ ' Zulime placed one foot in the lowest niche, and gave her hand to her lover. In a brief space she was- beside -him, on a rocky platform of tolerable width. Maddalena was then assisted to the same place of safety, and the three sat down on the cool rock, in the midst of the shadows, in that spot dense and almost impenetrable. "They will not think of looking here for vus," said our hero. "The grotto is just behind you, Zulime, and is a favorite resort for any of my spies or friends who need a secure retreat. One of my trusty friends sought refuge here last May, and was closely pursued by Turks, seven of whom sprang off into the abyss below in the darkness. The grotto was not discovered, but the spot has an evil name among thç Mussulmans, you may rest assured." At this juncture hoaraa shouts declared that the pursuers had found the cove into which the quarry Lad disappeared. There was a brief silence, and then other and wilder shouts announced the discovery of the sloop. " They are likely to come up this way with torches," said Captain Rolas, examining his pistols. " Let us retreat to'tbe mouth of the grotto." _ He conducted his charges to the rear of the little platform, and led them behind a jutting screen of rock into th** grotto, at the mouth of which they halted and waited,- - The grotto was buta neBtof darkness, so grim and ¿ôpulchral that Zulime ehuddered and clung close to her lover. Maddalena strove in vain to peer through the thick shadows, and sat down trembling and full of fears. ' But a few minutes passed before the words of the young Greek were ronfirmed by the glare of torches on the narrow ledge they had shortly before traversed, and rough cries calling upon the fugitives to yield themselves np. ' The fugitives peered out from their concealment. It was a*wild scene, that on which they looked made np of jagged rocks, overhanging cliffs, dark abysses, narrow fissures and crevices, lighted weirdly by the red ¿laxe of torches, held in the hands of wild looking men of savage aspect. Kelegi was at the head of the band, his colossal figure towering over the others, his scarlet trappings looking as if dyed in blood, and his face livid with all _ wicked emotions. "I am sure there is a hiding-place in this direc- tion." the fugitives heard him say. " One of those infernal Greeks was tracked here last May, when seven of our beat men were lost. Look on every side, my men, for a cave or crevice. The Greeks may;be looking out at this moment and laughing at Captain Rolas watched his enemy walk, with superabundant caution, to the end of the ledge, and peer over into the black abyss, waving his torch. " That is solid rock up there !" cried Kelegi, scan- ning the cliff in which the grotto waa situated. " There is no hiding-place in this direction. They must have continued the ascent, instead of coming along the ledge" After a last keen survey, he gave the order to re- turn and continue the ascent The command was obeyed^and the glare of torches and sound of voices died out of the wild glen. "Our enemies ha\e business enough ta occupy them the rest of the night," observed our hero. " As they climb up higher, tbey will find a dosen faths to pursue", and a dozen caverns to explore, will take a final look around, and we will then pro- ceed to make ourselves comfortable," He descended to the ledge and looked seaward. The blockading vessel was returning to her station. One of the steamers was puffing busily about the entrance to the cove, like a bee before the hive. The other was running along the coast, at a safe dis* tance from the rock-bound shore. The sloop in which Kelegi had pursued his enemies, rocked idly in the cove, between the walls of rock. The pursuers ware climbing the bluff, Kelegi at their head. Captain Rolas returned to the grotto with this re- port, and, passed in. From some crevice, he pro- duced a lantern and matches, and struck a light. The grotto, thus revealed, was capacious. The rocks were of calcareous formation, and their dull whiteness reflected the light of the lantern. , " You will sleep well here, I trust," said the young Greek, intent on hospitalities. " J have every con- venience for housekeeping, you see. He drew from another crevice a pile of blankets, which he proceeded to make up as a bad in one cor- ner, reserving one blanket as a screen to the impro- vised bedchamber. " I have a store-closet for food, as well," he ob- served, " and, fortunately for us, there are Btores re- maining for our use. So, you see, we sliall not need to venture forth in the morning. I Bhall lie down near the entrance with an extra blanket I awaken easily, so you need not fear our enemies will creep in upon us while we sleep." Maddalena retired behind the blanket-screen, and Zulime approached her lover, her exquisite face suf- fused with blushes, and her manner full of a shyness and timidity that was inexpressibly channing. She had com© to kiss her lover good-night " If you were going to sit up, Conrad, I should sit np too !" she said, in a low tons, when kisses un- numbered had been Bhowered upon her sweet brow» and lovely mouth. " I mean to share all your dan- gers when I can." " My brave little darling !" waa the lover's response. "You are beginning to know from experience some of the desolations our people have had to undergo. How many Cretans are to-day houaelens, homeless, and poverty-stricken as you are, my own Zulime. I pray Heaven that your experience of our national miseries may end here." " There ia a ghastly catalogue, Conrad," returned Zulime, with blanching face and trembling Ups, " and the crowning misery of all is death ! Thousands of girls no elder than I have perished, or been sold into slavery. Better death than that, Conrad. Bet- I ter death than to be Kelegi's slave." > She shuddered and shrank closer to him. A little further interchange of those pure and tender caresses, and then Zulime retired to her place beside Maddalena, and Captain Rolas wrapped him- self in his blanket, and lay down before the portal. In a little while, the three were sleeping peace- fully, while the wind brought into their very retreat the yella and oaths of those who wore searching everywhere and vainly for them. . 