AFFAIRS OF FRANCE. s. * ? TFroTri our Paris'torfesDondehfeTi';''1. „'_ ? ,. ... .EarJs-JQecember 30. The Assembly^ during its daily average sitting of four hours, costs the country— r in salaries to deputies and officials— the sum »f one huiidred francs ;pe.r minute. : It has/been asked to beartliis fact in xnihd,aB-well as'another bne— Siat';Oer- anany has .to-bepsad three-!'niilliards— ^so ias to economise time in legislating for the ?n'n.'finnn.l iwdfftrfi. ; W««»lr after we*ilr-: Tirh duces Its silly debates on puerile matters, over which ihe fractions composing Athe Chamber lash, themselves into fury, ex clalming mea mipk; after sobriety ensues, ;at the loss of time. -The admission of ihe Orleanist Princes to the Assembly occupiedin negotiation and discussion as much attention as would have sufficed' to make the excellent 'Bill1 for public and TCompnlsory education the law of the land, butTwhich appears to be as forgotten as thePrincses themselves. The time oon-i turned to determine whether a M. 'B&a.G; was or. was not a criaamal^Commuiiist would-: nave, been ample' to -discuss, the, project Jof . army: reform and * enableHHe people- to. know if ioiiitaty service^ ma^ uenceforth to be obligatory. Having been so active in minor matters, the' Deputies might afford a little industry to| thosBJof moment. Itls'^ieirbacksHding in this respect thai} is giving force +0 the demand of the Ultra-republicans for the election of a new Assembly. 1 Paris- is -in a sulky mood because the representatives,2 the ''country party,3' in the Assembly, will 'not consent jbo ;jje-'. Bume their deUperations in thecity. It! is a struggle between the capital and. the'. prpvinc^sU^etsireen tite: hgad'.arid ;the; extremities.' France can never be tranquil! while Paris is ; discontented^ and so open; ^to the calculations of all pretenders. ' M. . ^GHiiers' can be powert ul eaough to' reject the proposal. -for: an income-tax, but'lie cannot bring the Iiegislature back- toj Pans.1 :' j^' ?''.'' ''?':: ' _ ';'. '-\ '. The meanfe for raising the increased ^v^&e;'-a^not1'yeV'ifslei»ly.]'de^ed. ; The President^iarue.to:' economic ViewSj which have -never- changed siriw .1828^ rep_els free- iarade;; but prot& ''on is ibBirig gioundj and' commercial solation is re garded as the' ' happ^ ' iispatch' for -France. M. Thiers has * ?posed -'to . his protectiQnist ideas: i;lie . 7 undent heads and.clearest, minds in tl * country-— the same phalanx that has been defeated on the income- tax. Victories like this will b'e more fatal than ?.discomfiture. In 1760 lELdusseau, said of French taxation, he who .has little ;pays. much—he who has much pays littte ; but, provided the great be content,1 it ' matters' Ettle liow the poor live. Matters are iaot in such a state at present^ but there arejuaequalitiea that the taxation of /income Would re move. M. Thiers holds that' the rich are' over-taxed already, and the' wealth of tHe- Assembly naturally ravels a, projfept to' be ; further . squeezed. ' There is ^dmte thing wrong ^when a .man has to . p^y ^he same dues for selling a quarter of an acre 6i land as if he disposed of a thousand adres ; and if peopte have to be addi tibnally taxed, ft' is to meet exceptional demands. '- ' L ~ ' ? ' ' - ' ? ? ??, A speech from M. Thiers is now an event ; to condemn him to silence would fe§.lto,2kjll him. It is said that rarely does a Parliamentary orator win votes by his eloquence, but M. Thiers captures them en masse. He has a- wheedling manner for plucking a majority but of an irresolute Assembly. He has no out bursts of eloquence where sound might ;do the duty of sense. He is very small in stature, -and no one ever accused him lot 'possessing stentorian lungs ;- but bis gestures, the clear, penetrating style of his .arguments, addressed alike to the reason, prejudices, pride, and humor of jhis hearers, bears down resistance, though ^conveyed in a childish treble. He never unproviseB a speech — he prepares his dis jcourses like. pages of his histories. He understands his aim, and, be it right or_ 'wrong, marches to it.. He has thought' out the means, rhence there is no difficulty .jor ambiguity of expressidn. For nearly half a century he has. filled the public; eye,; there' is no Ticar °f : Brayism in hisi part ; he ,^eans to expediency, but che rishes . his personal views £he more. . Ffjs private life is without a stain;; bis public character without reproach. He is a patriot to -the Lbac]?:bone, jand never parades, his paiaipj^m.: He is plucky, ipr le has fought ;his dupj. H«_ Is rich swithoutr ostentation ; has no ambition for titles j his desire is to be king among, hot of, men. «uch a character has ccrn pequently immense ; weighty and his poli tical heresies are pardoned, for lie loves much France. ?:;.-?'? .?? . ; ? The Minister of Finance, Pouyer Quertier, is a very popular and able man. As a mill-owner he is a millionnaire. His jolly rustic look' is sufficient to inspire confidence, i It is said he: lives only on claret and soup, . with statistics for des sert. : After his chief informed the As sembly that -the finances of the nation occupied 7O,Q00 clerks, and the adoption of the income-tax would' entail some thing like a similar corps, the Minister of Finance begged that deputies would not deal with figures; they only confused a debate. * ( Notijing, ' observed Canning,' ''is I more deceptive than -facts, except ?figures' — rand then he commenced to deal with them .by; the iathoin. It was a mercy to finish, especially as the lady spectators were becoming impatient, and the young deputies were ijdgetty to form the hedge, as at a theatre, to see the. elegant fair sex depart. M. Ppuyer-Quertier has offered the ff prize for virtue,' or will^ give his influence to secure a vacant arm-chair in the Academ}', or secure a nomination 36 minister at a foreign Court, with the privilege to never quit Paris, as is now -the fashion, to any patriot who can point out any article that has escaped uataxed his Argus eyes. M. Xiachaud, the celebrated lawyer who; defended Tonnelet on the charge of kill ing a German soldier, and which produced the recent impolitic despatch from Prince Bismarck, states evidence yag adduced that his .client used the knife when the soldier drew his bayonet— it was a case pf sel£-;defence, -&a; All this is, however, secondary ; : Bismarck;: has produced ,an effect contrary to what he expected. Excitable as the French are, they have resolved to nurse their wrath. They will jio.t allow thejr hand to; be forced ; will assist the tax-gatherer £0 collect ihe .balance oi the indemmty 4 will turn ihe other cheek to-be smitten if . necessary ; will bow ip the seizing of hostages ; but 'will organise the country, and when the iime comes— when the blast of war will again blow =in ourears— they will 'Imitate the action of the tiger; ' ? Stiffen the sinews,' summon up the blood.' This remarkable -change in the French character ought' to inake even Crermany reflect. : ? There appears to be a fresh panic set ting in about the; Bank and J the silver' coin, which was. reappearing, is again re tiring tp its Mding-gEOund. The i?cause results from the Governmental demands on. the; National Bank, not from any com mercial pressure. The. Bank Has nearly reached the limit of its legal circulation of paper j and if iiot empowered by the Assembly to extend it, must draw on its gold, which isbeing treasured for Berlin. The auxiliary notes^ from one to iBLve francs, are generally received,'1 the Bail way .Companies exempted, _ because ^hey trade in tie premium on '^fche gEepious metals. The notes =an: question get very soilfid^filthy— after -a Uttle wear and tear. '?:'?'- ?'?''? '?? '}_ \'-- - '..'' _..' ^ . . Home politics ;are; calmeir. The pros pects .of royalty, and imperialism 'are getting small jby degrees.. The I^egiti mists Have thrownup the game, and the Orleanists have ; lost it.' . The Due L'Aumale is only' sreat in his chateau at ChantiUyj where the Prince de Joinville, shares an honorable insignificance, and following his nautical habits, prefers a hammock to a bed of down. , The Comte de Paris is believed to be 'somewhere in France. '-As f or, the Bonapartists, their struggles for public life are visibly weaker. The country has concluded they repre- . sent no political; principle, ; have only been a sad fact, and an* adventure in history. Bonapartikm is viewed as revo lutionaryjhasnothiiagcpnserved^— noteveh its own existence, which was shipwrecked m full calm.-^ ?_-.; ? .. .-? . ?' Like ships that have :gone -down at sea, When heaven-wa& all tranquilEty,' 1 and very nearly sunk France rwith it. The country will have no more Govern- ; ments of expedients, hazard, or occasion. The Republic is taking root, and the nation is feeling the advantage of 'directly managing its own affairs. M. Theirs devotes 18 Jiours daily to laboring at the good work. - ' ? , .' There are several vacancies for the As j^mbly to be filled up in. a few days. . The candidates so far are moderate repub licans.' Paris has a deputy to ^nominate, and the struggle between the t Radicals and Conservatives is fierce. The latter invited Marsh^.MacMahon -to, stand, but with his accustomed:. honesty and good sense he has declined, asserting, not only his. position as.. Commander in-Chief was an objection, but that a soldier best performs his duty, by eschewing politics. . The Radicals have held a series of caucus meetings where the old elements of 'the Gpmmune re appeared. ' Victor Hugo seems.:to be the idol. He subscribes to all the conditions required, even to submitting to a pro posed imprisonment, if. he ..breaks faith. It is objected that he is a 'vTacount, that he once sang, the praisesof that ' child of a miracle,l\the Comte -de Chambord, and might do so again. As he is 'a man of genius that illuminates the uni verse/' observed a speaker, it was pre sumption to discuss him: Ex-General Oremer was proposed 9 he too would subscribe to. anything 'required, , and among his plans for saving the country CU.C VU.O- iiuuiuuiaw j.i^u&iioii;, kjx. vu^ vv«wj with Germany, and the brigading of all the Jclergy as soldiers, to be commanded by -5aTibaldi, as an elec tor' suggested. Incidentally it was mooted that the 'world would be d&- lighted to see M. Thiers imprisoned for life, and 'the Commune revenged. An orator who commenced by observing that England had more 'horned . cattle' than France, was voted pub of order, and re, Iquested to retire to a lunatic asylum. !** General' Cremer was not objected to for having broken his word of honor with the Prussians, but it was regarded as a ispot on the sun that he vowed in 1870 jfco *' place his sword and heart' ever at the- jservice of the Empire. Thus Paris is not devoid of amusement ; the authori ties allowed these patriots to have their kay without- let! 9T hindrance,; and the Seine has escaped from being set on fire. : The army is grumbling at the slowness with which the Commission for revising the promotions made by Grarnbetta is working, and. desires much to see Bazaine's trial concluded, against whom' the proofs of not doing bis duty at Metz become blacker. The soldiers are a shade more comfortable in' the camps, though they undoubtedly long after the fleshTpots of Egypt — the barrack life of the cities. On Christmas Eve they kept high revels, plenty to eat and drink in honor of the time, and felt they were not only glorious, but o er a' the ills of Jife victorious. . . It Is currently believed the .Cpurts Martial are still, .sitting, but so fatigued is the public with their 'proiceedings that the journals only rarely notice : them, Howeverj the Goyerhment to its credit is freely liberating, after a light investi gation, numbers of -prisoners :oa the hulks. The ? official journal corroborates the dig CQvery of gold in'New Caledonia, so that tliose patriots who 'are to leave their country for their country's ^ood f or the *' fortunate' isles are to be envied. There is an intention to send Hossel's father as deputy to the Assembly — as was attempted in the case of Baudin's brother. - It is sad poUcyito trade on the dead, but in France there is nothing like having a 'body', to trail— a Banquo's ghost. ' Christmas was never more observed as. a holiday by : the French' than on this occasion — ordinarily a children's feast. It djd one's heart good to witness old times. come back again. The churches were well filled with worshippers ; duty,' not fashion, drew many. The '* micU night' masses of the Eve were 'low' onea ; the Government fearing to attract crowds, ordered there should be no musical pomp. The restaurants and toy shops remained opened all night ; it is the fashion to ' sup in' Christmas Day oysters and -sausages, onion soup, and. truffled delicacies, being the bill of fare. As the children expect le petit nod to de posit in their tiny shoes ranged before the chimney, some present,' the toy shops did a roaring trade. There never were taken up more drunken people, and 'thOBe who were able 'to stagger home, saved 'from drinking their week's earnings a few -sous to purchase the ex pected gratification for - their little ones, and no doubt felt satisfied they had done their duty. The annual fair on the Bou levards is well patronised ; the terrible weather has moderated, and there is no longer. occasion either for sledges or boats. ±0 pass along the streets. The 'Prussian soldier, ' looting the goods and chattels of the rGauls, forms the popular toy. How, every one is occupied in sending a card to friends and acquaintances in honor of the new year, which for many is the only evidence that you have, lived during the last 365 days. Of course a present is anticipated by; the youngsters if you de sire to be regarded as a friend ; and all those who have ministered to, your com- ; fort or discomfort during 1871 expect you are not a sufferer iby any ;mo'netary crisis ; they adopt Dantoii's iriaxim— audacity, audacity, always ' audacity^ The Post Office clerks work night and day to send off the mountains; oTE;1 cartes de visite to every part o£ -the world. One of ?the,: favorite dodgea io demand a gift is adopted by some characters who assert they saved your house and'property from being burned under the'Commumv M. Thiers will recognise the sovereignty! of the Assembly by first paying a visit to its President^ when the latter will drop in on tne Chief of Tfche State— royal fashion; —by the time he has reached home. It; is the custom in commercial houses to! adopt some emblem in honor of the sea son j which purchasers, take away with them. This year the 'etiquette' is a; photograph of M\ Thiers. -.-..' : ; There is a congratulatory address being, signed by the citizens to be presented to; the Prince of Wales on his recovery/ The; Prince is popular in this country, as .he is. believed to share in .the sorrows - of ! France, as he did in the good works to relieve her distress. The sriowrwhite: beard -of the Emperor of Brazil is tp_ be met with everywhere. Next week he can bid at the sale of the imperial kitchen utensils. Two chambermaids — negresses; — of his suite are stars in Paris; .-?'? 