CHAPTER Till. AN rfifEXPECTED ABHIVAL FBOil JAMAICA-THE CONSTEttSATION OF STEPHEN AND MALCOLM. I Another bleak February day-bleak everywhere, even in the valley of Glenfosk, over which the winter had swept since first we described it, and turned it into bareness and barrenness That is, m outward appearance, for we all know that the- desola- tion of winter ia but the prelude to, and necessary preparation for, the renewing beauty of spring a»d nature's annual fullness of life. Chilly and miserable, dark, and gloomy, as was this February day, lower- ing over the hills, and lying on the great and fertile strath i m a few weeks the buds ana blossoms would burst forth, th& landscape would brighten into greenest verdure, the bright sunshine would return , the music of rill and stream and grove would break forth with gladsome sound, and all tho glonea of summer would be renewed. Still it was February now, and blank ana bitter enough. A cold cutting east wind carne direct from the wa, and. Jue ¡nasses of heavy clouds foiling slowly overhead sent forth a mixture of rain «tul half frozen snow, making the air colder far than if a clear keen frost bad power over it. It was a day in which no one went out of doors from choice-a day when the greatest luxury was to sit by a brisk lire, and gaze forth ou the woods and fields but dimly seen thrrough the flying showers. And this was precisely tba luxurj which was be- in.* enjoyed by Stephen and Malcolm Gibson m the dining room at Ardgowan, where they had been all through the winter. Stephen was of course master there now, and had settled himself down as proprietor of the estate. A month had not elapsed from the night of the wreck, and the death of George, when he brought his wile and child from the garrison town m england where they were residing, and introduced them to their new and exattod position Mrs. Gibson was a quiet, delicate woman-very different in nature and dis- position from her husband, whose greatest pleasure was m the society of her one child-her boy Harry -then not quite two years of age, and a fine engag- ing little fellow, who promised to inherit his mother's qualities of heart and disposition. She had welcomed Stephen's accession to Ardgowan chiefly because it drew her away from the un- congenial atmosphere of garrison and military life, the society and fastness of which she was neither strong enough for nor could appreciate. The difference in all tilings between Stephen Gibson and his wife was so great that we might well ask why they should ever have become man and wife, but ill-assorted marriages are too common to afford matter for surprise, and we must just be content to chronicle the fact, without seeking to acccuunt for it A favourite room in the west wing of the mansion was where Mrs Gibson and Harry were generally to be found together, and there they were on this cold February afternoon, while Stephen and Malcolm sat 1 together in the dining- room. Stephen was no longer in the army-he had sold out, for why should a great landed proprietor undergo the drudgery and bondagj of " active , service?" Malcolm wished to sell out, too, and go to Jamaica to manage the plantation which George had left, and see to the right administration of the ' affairs connected with it. Stephen was boginmngto think this would be a judicious step to take, for Nathan Garret, who had been George's manager, had never replied to the letter which had been duly sent him announcing the wreck of the Eglantine, and the change of masters which that event had brought about. Ample time had now elapsed for a letter to have come from him, giving a full report of the property, its size, its value, and all its belongings But such letter had not come, and the brothers were beginning to be afraid lest Garret migbt intend to play them false. He had ample means of doing so, for, of course, no one in Scotland knew what pro- perty and possessions George had in Jamaica, so that if the manager was inclined to play the rogue he had a Bingular opportunity of doing so, and that he meant it, was a suspicion which his silence had caused to grow in the minds both of Stephen and Malcolm. As they sat engrossed in the discussion of this im- portant matter, the sound of wheels was heard in the avenue, and their attention being arrested there- by the} naturally looked forth, and saw through the leafless branches of the trees a post-chaise and pair rolling swiftly forward to the mansion. " Who the deuce can this be coming to visit us on such a miserable daj ?" said Stephen, testily. ** We want to be alone to decide on our course, and here is an ill-fated interruption. Who can it be ?" " Haven't the slightest idea," responded Mal I colm , ** but whoever it ia they mean to make their quarters good for a while. Only see what an amount of luggage is strapped on the roof " " Confound it, can it be an} of the fellows of my mesa 9" growled Stephen " Doig could not come at Christmas,}ou know, and he promised us a visit some other time, but to come nota is decidedly in- opportune." "Doig would never bring all these piled-up boxes with him," suggested Malcolm. " B} Jo\o, it's ex- traordinary shall we have to meet them in the hall?" " Certainly not Whoever it rcay be, they ara coming without being expected, and we shall stay till they are announced." BythiBtime the vehicle was sweeping across the spacious lawn, and at length it drew up at the grand entrance, full in the fcight of the brothers as they gazod from the window As the windows were closed and the blinda drawn, the inmates of the chaise could not be seen ¡Nor did they become visible till the driver, hav- ing descended from the box seat, opened the near door, when there stepped forth abroadl}-built, dark complexioned mau, elad in an immense furred great coat, with a skin travelling cap, who immediately turned about and handed out a lady, also enveloped in man} happinga, bearing in her arms a lot of furs which seemed to enclose a child "By Jove! a regular family party," exclaimed Malcolm, in the height of his astonishment. 1 But who is it?' added Stephen "I dont re- cognise the man " " ¡Nor I They seem Russians who have missed their way to Siberia. Ton my life, we had better meet them in the ball, and show them they have made a mistake See, they are unloading the roof r of that immense pile of luggage, and, as I live, they are directing it to be earned in. Come and let us in- tercept bun " | " We are too late now," remarked the other " They are in the hall already, and the servants are out." " Egad, yes," added Malcolm , " and he is giving his orders like an emperor Ah, here comes Thomas with a card, and, as I live, he looks as white as if a ghost bad scared him Well, Thomas, who are these arrivals 9 ' The question was addressed to an elderly serving man, who appeared holding a card m his band, bis countenance expressing total bewilderment and con sternation. Unable, evidently, to utter a word in an- swer to Malcolms question, he advanced to Stephen and gave lum the card The latter looked at it, and mechanically read the name aloud " Mr Nathan Garret " " Good heavens' the Jamaica manager'" exclaimed Malcolm. " Yes, sir," faltered Thomas, " and he says tbe lady with him is-" ' Iiever mind I will explain who elie is," inter- rupted a loud voice, and air Nathan Garret Btepped into the room, hissudden appearance striking Thomas dumb, and causing all three to look at lum m speech- less amazement. "lou can go," added the new eomer, addressing Thomas, and pointing to the door, " and see that the lady is attended to as I have directed." In the extremity of his bewilderment Thomas obeyed the stranger's order, and quitted tbe room, leaving the brothers still speechless with surprise When the door closed, their visitor, who still wore ins furred greatcoat, went np to the blazing fire, and held out hiB hands for warmth " hxcuse me, gentlemen," he observed, " tbe eli- mata of this country is so different from that of Jamaica that I feel the cold intensely, and tbe travel- ling has chilled mo to the bone. Ah, spirits 1" be added, seeing the decanters on the table ' I shall take a glass to promote internal warmth " And with the utmost coolness he poured out a class of whisky, and drank it off without a pause By this time Stephen s astonishment had abated so far as to allow him to speak "Mr Garret j our arrival m this country is utterly unexpected by me I certainly expected a letter from you but did not contemplate a personal visit " "So I understand by the contents of jour letter And I can tell you it gave both of us no end of sur- prise to find that you were in ignorance of the truth Poor thing 1 Of course she was in no state to think anything about that, the shock of the intelligence came so heavy upon her But fortunately I was able to see what required to be done and she did not hesitate to act on my advice " "Your words are a perfect enigma to me, Mr Garret," returned Stephen Why was it necessary for you to come to this country? A full report of my cousin s affairs in Jamaica was what I required, and surely that could have been forwarded by letter" "No doubt, sir, if things had been as you sup- posed. But theo they are not and I saw how necessary it was that when she came, I should come with her " When she carne," repeated Stephen, " who do you mean by'she? " " Mrs Marrar your cousm's widow " Nathan Garret knew well enough his words were to prove like the bursting of a bomb-shell, he was therefore quite prepared for the tremendous effect they had on his listeners and stood calmly regard ing them as they staggered back pole and thunder- struck " His widow I" ejaculated Malcolm, while Stephen was nuable to say even so much "Yes, his widow," said Nathan " Your cousin, Mr George Horrar, was married, and it amases rae to find that you did not "know it" "Mantear shrieked Stephen, with a sudden frenned burst "It is falseT he was never mar- ried" " Never I" roared Malcolm, with equal fury. "Keep calm, gentlemen praj, keep caira," said Garret. " It 13 natural that you should be exctted on learning this fact, seeing that you seem to have had no idea of it, and that it affects j on so much , but its reality cannot be altered by your denial, and you might see that. I tell you Mr George Morrar was married. His wife and child have come with me from Jamaica, and they are m this house, which is their oicn property " " Horror 1" groaned Stephen, sinking stupified into a chair, and growing livid with dismay "It's a hoax-a conspiracy!" roared Malcolm, foaming like a madman, and hoping, by a desperate exercise of lungs «nd vehemence of language, to stamp out the danger that had come upon them like an avalanche " A conspiracy is it?" repeated Garret with a rapid glance of his fox-like ejes " 2*ow, look ye, gentle- men, I might fire up at that, and speak of prosecuting for defamation of character, but I can make allow ance for the feelings which this intelligence has roused up in jour bosoms, and all the more as I have ample proofs here to establish the truth " And here Mr Nathan Garret drew from under his furred greatcoat a small tin box, the bock of which was covered with an enormous <*eal of red wax. " You seo this box," he went on, "and you see the seal that is upon it. Observe the stamp, gentlemen. It is the official stamp of the Kingston Court- house, and was put on by the judge's clerk at ray request, after he had deposited in it certain papers which I gave him No sooner had I got your letter, inform- ing me of the wreck and Mr George Morrar's death, and adding instructions regarding the plantation and other property, than I saw that you were ignorant of the fact that j our cousin had a son and heir, and saw also the necessity of collecting evidence to satisfy you. The evidence is here in this box, and I shall now produce it for your examination " " Aj, do-do," hissed Malcolm, with sudden eager- ness, at the same time giving Stephen a look which the latter was at no loss to interpret. Nor was Mr lVathan Garret, for, laying the box on hi* breast and folding his arms over it, lie regarded the brothers alternately -with a grim smile and a face expressive of great resolution. Ho stood thus for some moments, perfectly silent, and as he did so, it wanted only a certain pair of spectacles, a certain wig of grey hair, and a certam broad-brimmed hat, to make him uncommonly like a certain gentleman who, a day or two before, had paid a visit to the lunatic asylum, and called himself 3fr Jonas Sweet- bread. " Understand this, Messrs Gibson," he said, after thus silently regarding them for fully a minute " 1 ou have got to deal with a man wno has lived for years among men whose desperate character has taught me how to defend life and property, and it is not likely that I am not able to cope with yon. Let me see the least attempt to wrest from me the papers I am now to exhibit, and this pistol which I have m my breast, and which is loaded, shall speedily frustrate it." " By heaven ! this insolence is not to be tolerated," exclaimed Malcolm " Who are you that you dare to come here and speak m this threatening fashion ? -j ou, the paid hireling of our late cousin, whovfor aught we know, may have embezzled the property which his death has made ours. Were I master here I would quickly have you turned out of doora, and leave you to prove, if you can, the he with which you have ventured hither "Just s«,"sneered Garret. "But as you are not master here, your brave words must pass as mere, bravado, and if your elder brother, who has been considering himself master here, should try such a course, he will quickly learn how impotent-he is Tis true I was but your cousin's manager m Jamaica, but now I am the guardian of his widow and child, and doubt not I shall fail to secure their rights Bah, don't play the fool any longer, but wait till you leam the particulars which I can furnish, and these will convince you how thoroughly your chance is gone But, sir, he added, addressing himself to Stephen, " have you reall/ been in entire ignorance up till now of your cousin's marriage ? Mr Morrar told me before be left Jamaica that, m a letter he had just despatched, informing 3 ou of his coming, he had given 5 ou an indication of the truth " u Ha ! was it thal he meant by the ambiguous sentence?" cried Stephen, with a sudden start. " You remember it, Malcolm ? We could not under- stand it lou remember what we thought it would mean ? Hand me that writing desk-the letter is there " It was with difficulty that Stephen's shaking hands could open the desk, and when he at length came upon the letter, his fingers could not for some time unfold it Nathan G irret atood before the fire the while, re- garding him with a quiet and confident smile At last Stephen's reeling e} es caught the sentence, and he read it aloul " When I arrive } ou will learn something concern- ing me of which YOU have bad no knowledge hitherto, and which I bavo no doubt will surprise } ou not a little I will notBay what itis, butprepare for an astonishment." * Good heaven, and was this wEat he meant P" fal- tered Stephen, looking up " This is just what he meant, " said Garret. " Had . he lived to reach this place, he would have told you : that he had been married for nearly three years, that he had a child ten months old-a boy, and \ that his wife and it bad been left m Jamaica in my charge " I " M} God, a boy-an heir to Ardgowan-and I cut 1 out," said Stephen with a hollow groan. | " It's not the best of news for you, I must own," I observed Nathan. " When a man fancies ho has come into a fine estate like this, and learns in a mo- ment that it is not his after all, it's enough to take the wmdawa} But when such things are, they have to be put up with. And you are no worse than you were before the wreck " " Worse I" saouted Stephen, with darkening brow and flashing e>e " Is a shock like this not worse ? Curse it, man, I am ruined. I ha^e sold my com- mission, I am overwhelmed m debt. I, too, have a wife and child, and this news beggars both them and me" " And so it does me," roared Malcolm with savage fury " I counted on receiving the half of the per- sonal property, and now, confound it, I shall receive nothing-at least I suppose BO " " Your supposition is quite correct»" rejoined Gar- ret, with provoking composure. "The widow and child inherit everything" " D unnation," hissed Malcolm through his set teeth " Well, no-not that, I should hope," said Nathan, with a chuckle, the sound of which and the sight of his satisfied faco drove the joungmannearl} friratic His first impulse was to spring forward and knock the manager down, but the sight of the pistol peep- ing from his breast hid a restraining effect, and he ga\e vent to his ungovernable passion by stamping about the room Stephen was no Ie«s enraged, but he had more command o\er himself Of the two ha was most dangerous, and that hy reason of the very power of self-restraint which he possessed A very hell of concentrated passion burned in his breast, but be kept back its surging force, and said in a voice hoarse, yet unbroken " If this marriage is on absolute fact-if this boy of whom you speak is really mj cousin's child, and lawfully begotten-then of course my claim to Ard- gowan is untenable But, mark you, I shall demand the mo3t irrefragablo proof-the most indisputable evidence If there is the least doubt, or the least possibility of raising a doubt, I shall take every possible means to resist the claim Everything is suspicious-the secrecy, the silence, the concealment -and if the whole is not cleared up, aje, made clear as noonday, I will not relinquish the contest. You know as well as I the magnitude of the stake, and may understand how inflexible is my determina- tion" "All right, sir. I accept your challenge, knowing how fully I can satisfj j ou We shall proceed now, if j ou please, to look at the contents of this little box, and after the hint I have given our young friend here, I don't expect that any foul play will be attempted. In the first place, inspect the seal and see that it is intact" He held the front of the box towards them, keep- ing firm hold of it at the same time, and they saw that the judicial colonial seal was unbroken. This, however, seemed a matter of no consequence, it was the documents within which were to decide the question, and the brothers were eager to get at and examine them t Oh, yes, I have no doubt the seal is all right, but that proves nothing," said Stephen curtly. Under the seal was a string, and from the string depended a key, which, when the wax was removed. Nathan inserted in the lock, and turning it the hd flew up with a jerk, revealing s packet of papers within, tied together with red tape. This packet Nathan took out and laid on the table beside mm, the brothers at the opposite side regard- ing him with keen and silent attention. " " Before 1 open the first paper" said the, manager, '* I had better tell the story of Mr. Mortar's courtship and marpagu, and it will let you see why ho kept it secret One reason was that he did not wish It to come to his uncle's knowledge, lest he should be dis- pleased, and alter the settlement which be know he bad made m bis favour " "How do you know thatp" sharply demanded Stephen * " Because he made me his confidant in everything Though only his overseer, he treated me as his most intimate fnend, and by the time I am done 5 ou will see how entirely he trusted me " " Go on," returned Stephen, with an impatient nod " This was not the only reason he had for conceal- ment," resumed Nathan "There was another and a stronger one. He had a rival-a planter, whose place was at a different port of the island He was a Spaniard, anJ so madly was he in love with the lady to whom } our cousin waa betrothed tbnt he swore if she did not marry bim he would kill her Poor thing, she was an orphan-Felicia Wentworth, she was called-her parents had died suddenly, and she was left friendless Don Jose loved her, and so did Mr Morrar She bad no affec- tion for the Spaniard-she feared lum too much for that-buc to your cousin she was ardently attached, and when the Spaniard came to know this he was furious, and swore that if she married George Mor- rar he would have his revenge by taking her life, and those who knew Don Jose knew that he would do as he said. Suddenly, Felicia Wentworth disappeared, and it was given out that she had loft the island Every- one believed this, and so did the Spaniard But she bad done no such thing, she had married George Morrar, and he had secretlj taken her to a secluded, house two miles from the sea shore, and five miles from hingston I was his assistant m planning the whole thing I, and a man who had been a servant to the lady's father, were present at the ceremony It took place in a little English church in the suburbs of Kingston, and everything was managed with such secrecy that the affair was known only to the minis- ter and to us, the witnesses, and the young wife, with her attendant, was placed in the secluded house, unseen by any one who could suspect the truth Your cousin visited his wife as frequently as possible, and the fruit of their union was a boy, born a >ear ago " "And still the marriage never became known?" said Stephen, incredulously " Not to those who knew theparties They lived m terror lest Don Jose should discover it and learn where Mrs Morrar resided, but he never did " " But did my cousin intend to maintain this secresy for ever ?" queried Stephen " A likely thing indeed," supplemented Malcolm. ** No," answered Nathan " Don Jose was to leave the island in another year, after which Mr Morrar expected to be able to proclaim his marriage, and perhaps, also, he looked for news of his uncle's death, when he meant to quit Jamaica at once, carry- ing his wife to Scotland, where she would be safe from the Spaniard's wrath " 1 Well ?rf said Stephen " Go On," cried Malcolm " Well," continued Garret, " the news did come to Mr Morrar of his uncle s death, and a lawyer s letter told him that the estate was his. You wrote the one letter?" " I did," said Stephen, " and asked if he meant to come to Scotland then, or if he had any instructions to send regarding the property " " I knew," said Natbat " for I read your letter, and I also saw-I mean Mr Morrar tola me he had replied, asking yon and jour brother to remam at Ardgowan till bis arrival It was then he told me he had given you a hint of his marriage." " Well, and then he-?" " Then he made arrangements to leave the island, and sailed m the Eglantine " " Leaving his wifo and child in Jamaica ?" ex- claimed Stephen " Oh I as if ho would " put m Malcolm, with the air of one who proclaimed the impossibility of such a thiDff a Nathan paused for a moment, and his olive com- plexion grew a shade paler, but in another moment he returned, with jrreat deliberation " Yes, leaving bis wife and child in Jamaica under my care" " And why," hastily demanded Stephen, " why did he not bring them with him ?" " Because the child was delicate, and it was feared be could not stand the voyage," was the unhesitat- ing answer *' Hum," muttered Stephen, dubiously. "Hah," added Malcolm, in the tone of one not ready to believe. "Do you doubt my word, gentlemen?" asked Garret " I am determined to doubt everything," replied Stephen. " So am I," reiterated his brother. "Very good," was .Nathan's composed rejoinder. "But I have papers here which you cannot doubt. You know your cousin's handwriting--how peculiar it is-how impossible for any one to imitator" Garret watted for a reply to this, and Stephen, after a moment's hesitation, nodded nis acquiescence " Than be good enough to look at this letter," said the overseer, drawing a paper from the packet, and unfolding it on the table. " It was given mo by Mr. Morrar, who wrote it on the day, almost at the very hour, he sailed. Bend forward and read it." They did so, and read as follows : " My Dearest Wife-The Eglantine sails to-night - a day sooner than I expected I fondly hoped to be with you again before sailing-to see you once moro, and for the last time, m the place where we have en- joyed such great happiness, but this sudden sailing of the vessel prevents me, and we must, my darling, forego this sweet sadness I give you m charge to Nathan, who will protect you and direct you m everything. This is my special wish God bless you, my dearest Felicia, and our boy, till we meet Ever jour devoted husband, "GBOBGF MOHBAH" The faces of the two brothers fell considerably as they read this letter That it was in their cousin s handwriting they could not doubt, being well ac quainted with it, and its peculiarity rendering it almost impossible of imitation. Nathan Garret noted the effect, and his face brightened as that of the others clouded While Stephen and Malcolm were intent on the perusal of the letter, his fox like ejes were directed obliquely towards them, and ho saw with satisfaction that the marriage of their cousin was a fact which, however unwelcome, was forcing itself into their minds And as he saw this, an expression of triumph flitted across his features " Well, gentlemen," he quietly asked, " are you satisfied that this letter is in your cousin's hand- writing ?" Stephen turned aw lyïn gloomy silence, while Mal- colm looked as if he could tear the paper to frag menta. ' I see you do," added Nathan, as he slowly lifted and folded it up " You see, therefore, the authority on which I have been and am acting. Your cousin gave Mrs Horrar and her child into my care, and I accepted the charge I was to take measures to send her Bufel) to Scotland when the child was thought strong enough for the voyage. None of us dreamed of the terrible catastrophe which was abont to take place, but when the news reached us the contents of your letter showed me the necessity of prompt action More than ever did I consider Mrs Morrar and her boy in my charge, and, as she endorsed her husbands confidence by requesting me to take hert* Scotland, and see to the rights of the child, I con- sented to do so Thus am I here, and here to act as I am doing " I Stephen made no response to this explanatory speech, and neither did Malcolm, though his face was sullen and gloomy in the extreme. " Now," went on Nathan, " here are other two papers which j ou had better examine-the certifi- cates of the marriage and of the baptism of the child." These were unfolded on the table, and the brothers looked at them with a dispirited air. Stephen made no remark, but Malcolm, with a slight revival of suspicious hope, laid his Unger on the certificate, and exclaimed-" That ia not my cousin's signature " " Of course not," said Garret. "These are copies. The originals are in the books of the church, as is asserted by this paper, written and signed by the minister who married the parents and baptised the child" .* Who is this Walter Colville whose name ia down as one of the witnesses ?" asked Stephen in a listless kind of wav. " That ia the faithful attendant of the joung lady. He had long been her father's servant, and waa greatly attached to her " " Where is he now ?" " He is deadn " Unrph," muttered Malcolm, and then there was utter silence in the room The other certificate, which was to the effect that the child of George Morrar and his wife Felicia bad been baptised m the name of George, was hardly looked at, and Nathan, retieing the packet, deposited it in the tia box, which he locked and retained m his hand Stephen had gone to the window, and Was stand- ing theie silently ruminating, At length he turned -:-:-TTS-..; ' x. ' suddenly round with this remark, "I think we should now proceed to the presence of the lady." Nathan stood for a moment and gazed at aim keenly. "Yes, certainly," he rejoined. " Mrs. Morral «dil, I have no doubt, be glad to sea. her husband'« cousins." " Come, Malcolm, Thomas will inform tis in what room she is to be found. Your presence, Mr. Garret, will not be necessary." " Pardon me, sir, I think it will be necessary,' answered Nathan, preparing to go with them. " Look you," said Stephen, turning quickly upon him. "Your charge was ended the moment you brought Mrs. Morrar over the threshold, of this house. She is now under the natural guardianship of her husband's relations, and 1, as the repreaeqfá tive of these, will notallowyou to usurp royplsÓBy" " That is for her to determine," answered, Oariql » "she has it in her powor to choose whom she, will have as her guardian, and if she declines my ser- vices further, I have nothing more to say, but until she does this, I will stick to my post Therefore, gentlemen, 1 mean to go with you." The resolute and determined tone in which tiia was said left no room for further discusssion, said turning haughtily round, Stephen strode to the dmr. The overseer was following close behind, when Mal- colm jostled bim aside, and went before him, saying angrily "Keep your own place." Nathan smiled grimly, and took a step back. "You will speedily find what my place ¡j," he muttered under his breath, as he followed them q«t into the passage on their way to the room in which sat the lady wno had come to them as theil cousin's wife. : ( To be conUnuedJ 