THE LAST EFFORT. Wjikn the General Council assembled at Rome, iu the last month of 1869, a programme was Bubniitted to it which had for its object, as was stated by a liberal Catliolie at the time, the annihiliitioii of all the rights of science, the deification of the Pope, and an aggressive war fare against national life. Temporal power was felt to be slipping out of the hands of the Pon tiff, ami tlierefore a desperate effort was deter mined to be made for the purpose of, re-establish ing the spiritual authority of the Papacy. Bishops were every where admonished that "the power of kings is not bestowed merely for the government of the world, but chiefly for the jjrotection of the Church, " in confonnity with the declaration of foi'mer popes : iis, for example, Inuosent the Third, who allmned that "the Roman high priest takes upon earth, not the place of a mere man, but of the tiuo God Bouificetbe Eighth, who maintained that "God had placed him over kings and kingdoms, and charged him w'th the <luty of destroyiii" iuul building, of rooting out and planting agui and Leo the Tenth, who expressly stated in Ins bull against Lutlior that it is a work of the Holy Ghost to burn heretics — under which de nomination the Queen of England and the Emperor of Germany would fall. But inasmuch as couteniporary sovereigns and rulers care very little for the Pope of Rome, and are perfectly indifferent to both his ban and his heiiedictioii, the head of the Catholic Chiircli and his advisers are driven to have roeour.sG to some other method of controlling human thought and political life. This is sought for iu the education of the people. One ofthe objects contemplated by Syllabus brought before tlie Council of 1869 was the comidete subordination of the school master to the priest, so that the rising genera tion might be educated as docile elmrchmen, and be taught to regard the claims of the Pope upon the fealty and obedience of the people ,13 para- monnb to those of the state. , But, as Professor Frohschammer pointed out in an able article iu the Fortnighily lieriew, two years .jigo, "it is impossible that modern states can endure such an ecclesiastical authorit', or enter iiito union with it, if they arc to, execute their own f\mc- tions and be true to their mission of culture." These functions arc, to bring the entire bemg of Imm'anity to' its highest development and per- fectiomin matters spiritual as well as material. Even if they agree to- the most iextreme conces sions as to the absolute power of the hierarchy, which 'claims an /unlimited plenitude of divine power, yet they will not satisfy the Pope so long as they - do - not renounce their 'soverei<nity, acknowledge Papal supremacy, and reganl its highest privileges as a gift of gi-ace. Unless this IS done, they will find the Papacy and the Jesuits always aggressive, and always ready, as far as possible, to e.xcite the ignorant aiid credulous people against the civil governments iu favour of church domination." This Ls precisely what is being done in, most, of the countries of We.stern Europe. In France, the Cowjreganistes, in whose hands the education of the people has been placed ever since 1850, are preaching disorder and revolt. , The teaehere are, 111 reality, politieal iiropagandists, receiving their mot d-ordre from Rome ; and they distribute as quarterly prizes to their pupils defamatory 'pamphlets iu which the Ministers of the Republic are, .calumniated, .as (also their wive.s and faniilies,, and the children, are admonished that this form of government ruins tlie work men and middle/classes. As a matter of course. Napoleon 111. was a model ruler, for was not the Empress a xdastic pupxiet in the hands of her siiiritual advisers ? In Siiain, where the schoolmasters have been almost entirely emaiicip:itod from the tyranny of the clergy, we find a' Carlist insurrection fomented itiul encouraged by tlie parti pretre ; .'dtliough it would, no doubt, prefer the restora tion to tlio throne of that good Catholic, but bad queen and depraved wCnian, Is.abella. Austria has broken with Rome by jiaasing the so-called ".Confessional Laws, for the emancipation of conscience and intelligence ; and m Prussia, Iriuce Bismarck has Bucoeedeil 111 forcing through both branches of the Legislature an Education Bill which removes the inspection schools entirely from the Church, and confers it on the state ; and he seems inclined to deid very summarily with a refractory prelate who has had the impertinence to excommunicate a cleric who happens to be a Govemmcut aificiaL In Italy the free schools arc being taken out of the bands of the priesthood by the Government of a king, whom the Rev. W. E. FitzgerM R.C.P., of Hoburt Town, publicly stigmatised as a "bandit monarch," a "robber-chief," and "an alien from heaven with iiassioiis foul obscured." In those colonies, if we mistake not, there irevails a strong feeling of deteiminair- tion to admit of no sacerdotal interference with public education; and we have seen what e " counterblast " this has jiro voiced in the now celebrated pastoral of Bishop Goold. But in proportion to the desperation of t circumstances in which the Roman Catho Church finds itself placed with respect to its loss of authority in matters connected with science and civil government, will he the violence and vehemence of the efforts which it will make to regain some xiortiou of its former inffuence over both. To comxiensate them for the loss of their temporal possessions, the Pope and his cardinals, with the assistance of the Society of Jesuits, will leave uo stone unturned to strengthen the spiritual sway of the Pontiff. And they can discern no method so effectual as that of getting jiuhlie instruction into their hands wherever an opportunity presents itsclL This is the danger to he guarded against in these colonies, and we should be equally earnest in doi)recating the evil if it were likely to be in flicted upon us by any other ecclesiastical organ ization. The progress of civilization and- eidightcument has bcoii retarded and obstructed to such a frightful extent in Europe, for cen turies past, by tbc subjection of education and of civil government to the authority or influence of the j)riesthood, that we cannot too vigilantly w.iteh, and toost.rnly discountenance andrepcL any and every attempt wliich may be made to resuscitate that authority here, and to blind the faith and knowledge of the jieoxde to the will of any .Poi)e, priest, nii'sou, or xjresbyter.— - Amlratusiun. 'Phk PiUKST ani> TJiJs Oakwinal.— We lately mentioned the case of Mr. O'Keefe, an Irish priest, whose parishioners had xotitioncd the House of Commons against the alleged illegal proceedings taken against him by Cardinal Cullen. This case, "O'Keefe v. Cullen," involves an important question affecting the authority of- bishops on the one hand, and the supremacy of the Pajjal power in ecclesiastical matters on the other. It lately came before the full Court of Queen's Bench in IreLand. The action was one of libel, brought by the Rev. Mr. O'Keefe, of Callan, in the county of Kilkenny, who claims to be parish priest, but has been siibjected to' suspension by Cardinal Cullen, the defendant, in conse<xueice of his having incurred censure by bringing an action for slander against the bishop' and his two curates, contrary to an express' prohibition. Damages are laid at £10,000. ' Several defences were pleaded on behalf of the Cardinal, the substantial averments eing that the plaintiff, when he became a priest and parish priest, was subject to the laws, ordinances, and disciidine of the Roman Catholic Church, and as such wiis guilty of a violation of them, and thereby became liable to ecelesiastieal censure ; that he was prohibited from exercising functions as a x>arish iwiest ; but tiiat, uotAvithstanding, lie continued, in defiance of ecclesiastical authority, to act as parish priest. Mr. O'Keefe's reply by his counsel was that as priest and parish X)rie8t he.became sul)jecttothelaw.s, ordinances; and diseix)Iiuc of the Church oidy so far as they , wore not contiaiy to the laws -of the realm; that the suspension was not binding, and that it was not competent for the Cardinal, being the complainant, to pronounce judgment in his own cause ; that Mr. O'Keefe wiis not duly cited to appear ; that the sentence of suspension was illegal, being xn'onouncod solely because he had disxdeased certain ecclesiastics ; :uui that, not having been legally susx>euded, he was not dex)rived of liLs functions as i)arish xn'iest. Mr. O'Keefe's coimsel having ai)XJlied to the Court to bo permitted to file those replications, the Cour after taking tiino to consider, allowed the application. Another ax)plication made by Air. O'Keefe's counsel was withdrawn, in consequence of Cardinal Cullen achnitting the x'ublicatiou of the libel. Subscriptions have been opened among well-known i'rotestaiits to enable this courageous priest to uiaiutaiu his suit. Air. O'Keefe himself writes : "I am really tightiug a national battle. The civil rights of every subject of the kingdom are nivaded, and in repelling aggrsion from myself, I drive it L-om every mail iu the eomnumity. 1 am willing to receive aid, ijublicly or privately, from anyone who chooses to extend a helping hand. Religion as such is not concerned at all in my quarrel. I hold Hnidy every tenet of the Roman Catholic faith, hut I belong to the Cisalxiiue schools of divinity, and abjure the temporal supremacy of the Pope as cordially as any Protestaut in the kingdom." PnoTESTANT PkIKSTS AND CONTKOVEKSV, The, number of Itoman Catholic priests and bishops iu Great Britain in 1851 was 958 ; ten years later it was 13SS ; and in 1872 the number has reached 1824— there being an increase of double in twenty year-s. In 1851 tlie number of Roman Catboiic cathedrals, churches, and chapels was 683 ; in 1862 they rose to 1019 ; andiu 1872 thoy are 1227. The monastei-ies in 1S51 were 17 ; in 1862 they were 50 ; and in 1872 they are 72 — illegal though they are, according to the laws of the realm, but upheld by the Roman Catholic Church, and connived at by ciuiiieiit statesmen; who ought to know better. In 1851 the cou- vents numbered 53 ; iu 1862 tbey rose to 162 ; and ui 1872 there are 2.53 convents in England and Scotland alone. 'We give these staiistics m we find them rexKirted in a speech delivered by the Rev. Dr. Cumniing at the annual meeting of the Protestant Reformation Society. There are now attending the schools of the Irish Christian Alissiuns to the Roman Catholics about 3000 children. Amongst the results of these schools it is shown that of the former piqiils there are at present to bo - found-rrlT clergymen, of, the Church of England or Ireland, all, save one, converts from ' Ronutnism 75 leachers in English and classical schools, nearly all of whom are converts ; 11 lay missionaries, tdl converts. 