STANDnmG UMTIRE AT A FooT-oucs. The occasion on which I felt the difficulty and the delicacy of this position occurred to me one morning in the beginning of March. When driving to cover on the turnpike-road between Birmingham and Bromsgrove, I behold before me at a certain celebrated level half-mile some two hundred or three hundred men, from whose boisterous de meanour and peculiar garb, although distin goihed by much variety of detail, I inferred they were of active habits, and moving some what rapidly in the lower sphere of society. I had no desire to become intimate with them, and fully intended to pass them un heeded; but I was frustrated. Forming across the road they summoned me to stop, enforcing their peremptory mandate by seizing my horse's head. Feeling that the odds in the event of a personal encounter were against me, I made a virtue of neces city and pulled up. Surprised, but retain ing my natural politeness, I inquired the meaning of so uncivilisod a proceeding. A gentleman in a fir cap enlightened me at once, " whoy, eur, we have gotten a bit of a ra-ace 'twixt a Wolv'rampton mon and a, - Brnm'agem mon, and want a humpire: the. Wolv'rampton men won't have a Bram'a gem men, and the Bram'agem men won't. have a Wolv'rampton mon; so we've 'greed: to stop the first gen'leman as comes along the road; and your the fast we've seed, and' you'll have to do it." "It's all very fine," I said; " but it's out of my line altogether.. I know nothing about such things, and fear I should not give satisfaction." "That be blowed," said furry cap, " any fool can tell who's fast." "Just so, my friend," said I; " any fool can tell who's fast; but as I do not at present set myself down in that cate gory, I may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity of the transaction, disappoint you." "None o' yer patter, gav'nor," said a thin, white-faced fellow, who I fancied was from town. "Stow that! "said half a dozen others; "you're right enough." " You ain't such a fool as you look.". "You'll be right enough; you ain't got nothing on it, and there ain't toime to square yer now." " Out you come." And amidst such flattering and encouraging remarks, I. reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best. I took, or rather I was shoved into my post. "It's a hundred yards' race," said a gentleman who took upon himself the office of my instructor. "A cove down yonder 'll fire a pistol ; and you've got to see who touches this 'ere string faost." "I understand," said I; " understand; thank: you very much." " The Bramuager mon's. got a red handkercher tied round his 'ed: the Wolv'rampton mon's got a blue 'nn." " Ay, I see; very good." The pistol was. fired, and off they went at a rattling han dred yards' pace. "Now blue!" "Now. red!" Now one's nose is half an inch first; now the other's; wriggle wriggle,: bound, step out, wriggle wriggle again, and amid uproarious shonts and cries of " Blue !" \- "Bed! red! red!"-"Blue! blue!" the string was borne away, and the goal was' passed. One was first, I am sure of that, but red and blue passing and repassing each other in quick succession dazzled me, and for my life I could not say which. Had I been a man of firmness by nature, or used to such affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on the instant; but, alas! I was neither. Conscientious withal, I took time to consider. We know what place is paved with good intentions, and I was thinking of it, and really meaning to be very just, when I was rudely roused by a push; and, "now then !-who's fust?" from fifty voices, pro ceeding from as many bony jaws. " Let me consider," said I. "0, it wants no con sidering." "Say red, or Ill fill yer eye up! " " Blue, you fool! say blue I" said a collier-looking man; " blue, or Tll crack yer nut!" and so on, till quite bewildered, I bethought myself to say, " dead heat! "- bethought myself, I say, and luckily I did no more. They read it in my eye. "None o' yer dead heats," said about a hundred, " or we'll kill yer ! None o' that, mind." I tried to smile benignly on my persecutors, but fancy I looked very like a ghost, and should have abandoned myself to despair had I known how to set about it, when sud denly a voice, friendly, but unmusical, whispered gruffly in my ear; " Mister -- 1 I know you; you know me--Im Ben Terry. Say red-that's Brum'agem; it's all right -there's 'nough on us 'ere to pull yer through it. Get in the middle on us, and say red." I looked at my friend, and trusted him-I would have embraced him- but I had not time. So, following his ad. vice, I got behind him, and shouted "red I " with might and main. "Bed!" shouted Ben, echoing my decision in a most confirm atory tone. "Red, you -- ! Any on yer want anythink ?" As I was hoisted into my vehicle, the little crowd was surging con siderably, and I thought I saw a fight:or two, but having something else of more im portance on my mind, namely, my own safety, I drove away. Since that time I have avoided level half miles on my way to cover.-Bailey's Magazine. EDGAR MouSTEA.- The following is an extract from a letter that appeared in the Roman Times, dated Rome, April 2, 1872: -" Among the ecclesiastical personages made conspicuous by their absence this year from the feasts and fasts of the Church irk Rome is ' the young Mortara,' who formerly divided with the Pope the attention of foreign visitors on the occasion of a grand procession at St. Peter's. Perhaps it is not generally known that he was sent out of Italy soon after the occupation of Rome by the Italian troops, and, after remaining a short time in Belgium, left Europe foi Australia, via the United States. He is now a man and a priest, and, obedient to the long course of training which he has received at the hands of his teachers, he voluntarily refuses all communication with his Jewish parents. Immediately on the establishment of Victor Emmanuel as ruler of Rome, the father of the young Mortara hastened hither, and endeavoured to obtain an interview with his son; but his request was denied, the youth himself sending him word that hence forth he acknowledged neither father nor mother, nor any earthly tie. Still the old man lingered, and watched in hopes to see his child, and at last he met him in the street in a procession of young priests, and spoke to him. The son vouchsafed to return his greeting, and then they parted, probably never to meet again." A New Yorker visiting Charleston says if the mosquitoes there were only coloured to the right shade, and domesticated, he should take them for canaries, they are so large and musical. A London clergyman, who preached in a village where he had gone to spend the sum mer vacation, flattered the pride of the people by saying, "I am satisfied that there are fewer wicked people in this village than in my native city;" but cruelly added, "simply because there are not so many in habitants in this village as in my native city." 