? 'BEWITCHED' FARM. Chapter i.— (Continued.) the mysterious depredations. ., ' ' Isn't it wicked?' asked Mrs Treddopk' dignantly, as she and Tom finished heir joint narrative, the latter once more retending to laugh the whole affair off. ' We have been as kind to everybody sit is possible to be. Thomas gives the rbest wages; Mr Jenkins, who lives at j Firs, says we give too much; and last hristmas I made twelve gallons ofi scellent sonp for the poor villagers.' T early all the skimmed milk is given way to anybody who comes; and we ever turned a beggar back, without ither giving them relief, or else putting em to a light job,. if they were;, yojothgi nd strong.' The good lady finished tatement with her handkerchief . pressed j her eyes; nor did I wonderat.it/forlj ad myself grown as aiigry'in listetfirig the recital, as she was indignant at the tual events. . ' A very nice kind of sport you have me down for, old friend, and I hope l'll enjoy it; but we'll try and find ne of the other sort as well. Theyhaven't nocked all the hares on the head, nor etted the last of the birds, I hope,' ked Treddock. ' It is not poachers, is it?' 1 inquired pon this last hint.. ' Have you prosecuted ybody for poaching ?' ' Not for months, and I wink at it more an anybody else,' was the repjy. 'Yes, that makes it so vexjpg, 5 interpted his wife.'But I really would do as ther people do, in future; I would not let pybody off. Though I cannot think it is ither of the Baggaleys, and there is but avis besides them now, and I took his * "d some preserves myself -when it the scarletina. We have but those ree poachers,' she informed me, shaking er head, 'In a mysterious case like this,' said I, one just says whatever comes into ne's head, without thinking if it is likely, t can't be any of the family —I mean, ny of the servants, or the labourers on •he farm, can it?' i The reproachful look I received from ach of them, and the simultaneous xclamation: c 0 dear, no!' which issued o m >th, ag if the idea of suoh gratitude was perfectly incredible, made e feel ashamed of httfriiig hinted at the otion. 'Whocould it be?'inquired MrsTred- 0c k J and she was beginning to capitulate the list of their dependents, . h anecdotical instances of the good ^position of each, no doubt for the U ' pose of satisfying my wicked ^science, but her husband, faithful to 0f maki errt n t S the least of it reminded ^ mat she had not yet shewn me the menlio n > or/V u instantly got all the disasters, and hurried away didj P rodi Sy j he was their first ? and premier babies are ve r y queer altogether,' said Tr.ed : s we n B ow w Wsper to me, as soon ^ere left alone, and his face seemed oSv quite Pallid as he l gpoke. 'I ou at 0 to Mother yon about it, now; n t u come down for. a bit of a run J ne a11 can'tvi 1 could to find it out arid aol-^ i!- on , atra ce.. See'-—andleaning lectin f hair ' ho elevated Bis boots; 'we i,? at T, ntioQ to the,strong soles attern T • got nails €riven cjn thbt a lie lade ® B , well aa the J m.eji arid S ' everybody but 'Nell. ; I had the village shoemaker np on purpose the day before yesterday.' f In order to know the footprints of those belonging to the farm from others?' I asked, for I saw that rows of superfluous nails were arranged in a kind off diamond pattern. 'Yes, but I can't find a single footmark • it is that which staggers me. But Nell is coming back,' he s'aid, as the maternal voice made itself heard in the distance, ! talking'to babyin the customary crowing dialect. ' Don't say anything before her. I try to make nothing of it when We are talking, but I wish she and the child were at her mother's.' I should not care much what came then; it would find me a match for it.' Big Tom Treddock, I knew, waq no coward, butrthe good soul was afraid of some mysterious -disaster involving hid wife and the baby. j 'I am very glad I am come down' Tom,' I hastily answered, c since.it is ust possible I may help you. Two heads,: they say, are better than orje; arid I shall like the sport of huriting b'nt this villain " better than even shooting partridges.' ' Thank you, old fellow/ murmured Treddock, with flashing eyes, leaning across the hearth, and shaking my hand. ' But let it drop now: she is here.' Mrs Treddock had clean forgotten all annoyances in gazing into baby's bine eyes; and scarcely the renewed sounds of crashing windows, or the sobs of furtherexpiring sheep, would at that moment have distracted her attention. . Master; f % a Charlie Treddock; I may freely say; even! allowing something "for the prejndice' of my friendship; for his parents, was a charming little fellow for his time of life, and I thought his father was not without some justification, for wishing hiin out of the possibility of harm's reach. The young gentleman was pleased to strike np a friendship for me forthwith, and the occasion was rendered memorable for the remainder of his mother's existence, by his giving a clutch at my beard, and uttering a sound to me unintelligible, but which the good lady confidently asserted was : ' How do ?' She was quite overcome by the circumstance, for he had not articulated to that extent before: and as not even his sire seemed to be sufficiently impressed with the wonder of the thing, she hurried away again in great excitement to communicate it to the female domestics, among whom a triumphant chuckling, as w.e could hear from a great distance, was at ,onpe set'tip. All troubles were lost sight of in this glorions achievement, and I myself began to take a vague pride in the affair, for it was a kind of joint transaction between baby and me. Mrs Treddock became qriite gay, Tom grew almost cheerful, and tne conversation entirely changed in its character. They dine very early in the ; feountry) even gentlemen-farmers. One o'clock was the hour at Red Hill Grange, and our chat soon brought us to that r time. Mrs Treddock lost a little of her spirits on the serving of the meal, lamenting that, she had not known I was coming, and making more apologies for the absence of dainties than the well furnished board rendered necessary. But the journey had giventoe a famous appetite, and, possibly.influenced by my feats as a.trencherman,7 she lost this new trouble by and by, arid the meal passed very pleasantly. A bottle of spefcialljr oja 1 pbr t was subsequently produced, in honour ofmy visit, and we had just broken'the seal and dtawn'tWcork, when a; shrill scream was heard + in the J^ftfefaffif'lie'idicben, instantlv 'buc- 1 ceeded liy agreat hubbub of jfem^le (rtficgsJ We stared blankly into each,other's faces.' ,•••!;••' 'There'esotaethihg else !'. shouted Tred-' I dock, flinging the corkscrew upon the table with a bang, and starting up in his chair-as the door of the room opened. ' Please Tom Jackson says as he's found the owd hayrick just pushed o'er,' said a wide-eyed dairymaid, mechanically wiping the curd off her arms with her apron. The yard isn't a-fire ?' demanded Treddock in a roar, hurrying across the room. ' I dunrio,' was the doubtful answer. 'Lord save us! What is to be done?' moaned Mrs Treddock, as she and I followed her husband, who dashed past the girl, and made for the back premises. Bat the stack-yard was not on fire, nor did' it present any very alarming appearance. Tom Jackson, a white-haired u^llinj was pointing rather theatrically to a kind of skeleton of. a hayrick, which lay on the ground instead of standing upright; and vociferating to his master that it was not in that condition an hour before, when we went away to dinner. Treddock carefully examined the fallen hay, but did not make many remarks; and hiB wife, who iSefcmed much relieved'to find that this was the extent of the disaster, went back again into the house. The remains of the rick, judging from its appearance as it lay, most, when standing ripright, have had the look of one corner of a dilapidated house left behind in some dismantling process; and its tumble suggested nothing arming to me; for I should have fancied et a puff of wind would have sent it over t any time. : ' Wet the Btacks again,' was Treddock's erosive remark, in reply to an observation from me to that "effect, addressing the order to the laid, who instantly fetched from somewhere in the vicinity the' nozzle-end of a gutta-percha pipe, and turning a cock, began to throw water on the oat and wheat stacks. ' It will be sure to injure therii,' my friend went on, turning to me ; ' but there is no knowing now what may happen, and so once every hour I have them damped. They, wouldn't burn so quickly. Go round to the other side; and if you leave the yard again before somebody else comes in, I'll settle with you,' he said to young Japkson; whereupon that yonth instantly hobbled out of sight and hearing. ' It can't have been the wind, for there isn't enough to blow a handful of chaff away; and, besides, it comes from the wrong side,' remarked Treddock, in answer to my previous observation. ' The rick has gone over that way,' he added, and then he put up his open hand to indicate that the soft wind only just breathing blew from the exactly opposite quarter. I saw at once that I was mistaken in my off-hand guess. ' Nor it isn't the props that have given way—the biggest is still standing, and the others have gone with the rick—see;' and he pointed from one to another of some pieces of wood which had supported the hayrick. ' It has been pushed over,' he oracularly concluded, in the pievious hollow whisper ; and then he began looking carefully about on the ground, w;hich I'now noticed was covered with a white dust. 'Has it done much harm ?' I asked, for he seemed to be very serious about the matter. 'No, this/isn't much; but it is one more affair like all the rest. That footmark is yours, I know, though it hasn't got a diamond. Just put your foot down in a fresh jplace. Those marks are minej and these are the, lad's. Nell's slijppers only cbme there,' :he continued, rapidly -glandrig. about Vthe 'enolosnre. ' Ah,' hej Said vyith a"^a}f r v^ed.Sgh, as I made aj i&^.a^^onjpf.a^^ot^n the white dust," ' I-.kjiew -it wbsj your mark,; .It-is that that puzzlesmemosfi ; £ and h'ethriistj his hands into his hair till it stood up all ways, in sign of his perplexity. ' How could anybody come to the rick and go away again, without leaving foot- prints?' This was the question I could not answer. I could only examine the ground for myself, and shake my head dumbly. 'It is lime,' Treddock said, kicking the white dust; 'and you can see it shews everything. Those little scratches ara marks where the hens have been ; and that horseshoe print is from Nell's new mare's feet. I have used two or three bushels of it, and had it scattered about the gates leading into the fields and everywhere ; but there isn't the trace of a footmark beside our own. How can that be ? That is the thing I want to know,' he repeated, with just a little expression of scare on his face. ' If it was only noises, I should think the place was haunted—I should, upon my word ; though you must not mention that to Nelland he laid his broad h^nd on my arm. ' But ghosts don't kill sheep tvith blows, nor beat does to death.' ' No, it isn't a ghost which has pushed the rick over, if it has been upset,' I said as cheerfully as I could; for the mystery of the affair, I confess, was beginning to have a little effect upon me. 'But you have n<$t shewn me over the place vet,'-1 added, trying to be brisk. 'We'll look at it now,' he rather lugubriously answered, walking away. We, however, wanted our hats, which had been forgotten in the previous hurry ; and going first into the house to procure them, Treddock apprised his wife of what we were intending, and thein we set out to survey the'farm. It was a large holding, and everything appeared to be done in a severely scientific manner, and upon a proper scale. Treddock again partly recovered his spirits in pointing out to me, with pride, how clean the hedge-bottoms were; the irrigating contrivances he employed for making the most of their rather scanty supply of water; how free the grasses were from burdock and colt's-foot; and went on to talk most learnedly of subsoil drainage, deep-ploughing, chemical manures, the rotation of crops, and the st°.ll-feeding of stock. It was only at the entrance of the fields, where around every gate, both within and without, had been plentifully dusted the white lime, that he grew solemn ; and there he never failed to shew me that no trace of a footprint prior to mine could be fouud which did not leave the merk of nails arranged in a diamond. Treddock seemed as badly perplexed from the want of a footprint as did Robinson Crusoe with the one he got. We came, here and there, upon the farm- labourers, busily at work; but Treddock told me they were stationed where they could watch as well as labour; and that it was scarcely possible for any one to approach the house from any quarter without being Been /by some of them. I learned that I had myself been observed, and, as I was led to infer, not without a little suspicion, when I arrived in the forenoon. Negative answers were invariably given to my friend's inquiries; no strange persons had been seen about the place. The workmen looked like jolly fellows, not of the sort to indulge in malice of this kind, and the terms they appeared to be on .with their toaster seemed very satisfactory; while, to jitdge from their manner when alluding to the sheep found dead that morning, th^y felfc equally indignant with himself at this Style of doings; and any offender who fell jiito hands was not unlikely, according to some of their remarks, to receive rough treatment. v iyffreddock shewed me the field in which iheanimals had been killed; and certainly it was difficult to see how any miscreant could have escaped being seen either in approaching or in retiring, even if not caught in the act, for men were at work all around the meadow; and the fences there, as all over the farm, -were kept very low. Really, it was most mysterious, and I could not help my thoughts now apd then suggesting that the enemy must be among the men themselves, however innocent they all looked, but I did not mention that idea again to Treddock. As we rambled about, Tom shewing me where he was lightening this soil by burning it; and making that stiffer by ploughing clay in with it, wo occasionally startled a covey of plump partridges, and once or twice a hare dashed away from our side. Wealso came upon a few rabbits, which my companion treated with great disrespect, declaring they were the pest of a farmer s life, promising them traps, ferrets, diggings-out, shootings, and I know not what. The prospects of sport were altogether decidedly better than I had anticipated, if it had not been for the perturbing affair of these malicious depredaious, which put thoughts of mere pleasure out of the question. But for all that, Treddock persisted in saying I should ride with him to the meet of ihe hounds the next morning, which, it appeared, was fixed to take place not very far distant. I was but a light-weight, he said, and his wife's new mare, a recent purchase, on which I could see he plumed himself much, would carry me nicely. I answered that we must see how matters went on betwixt that and morning, for I should not be satisfied if I did not in some way help in finding out the puzzle of these queer doings. He was not going to have all-the pleasure of my visit spoiled in that way, he vowed; and if Nell and the child were away, he would not care much, for he had not" done badly the last year, and the rascals whoever they were, could not easily ruin him. ' They want me back at the house, 5 he rather nervously said, looking intently in the direction of the farmstead, as we finally emergeci from a little plantation into which he had taken me to shew me a small preserve of pheasants he was raising by hand-feeding. ' The flag, as I called it, is out of the window. When. I am out in the field, and am wanted, that is the signal and, as he spoke, he quickened his pace. A white streamer of some kind (perhaps the half of the window-curtains) was visible floating outside a casement in an upper gable of the Grange. 'Nothing fresh is amiss, I hope?' I could not resist saying. ' No, I think not, or else they were to let a gun off,' he answered, taking huge strides across the broken soil. ' But Nell is such a good creature, and she would not like to frighten us for a little thing,' he added breaking into a trot, in trying to keep up with which I nearly dislocated my ankles. (To be Continued.) 