EXTRAORDINARY HOAX Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual conference held in Chicago at the University:, on Cottage Grove avenue, were lately thrown into a terrible state of excitemeut. To understand the situation, it is to be known that' the committee of reception, iu order to accommodate the nearly 1,5C0 delegates expected, were driven to every expedient to provide for their entertainment. Among the other ways and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend strangers were consigned to the hospitality of the University, The boarding department of this institution is under the care of the Sev. W. W. Smith and his efficient wife, who, being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to minister to the comfort of half a hundred ministers —but where to deposit them of nights was a grave and difficult question. The matter was mastered, however, by Mrs. Smith with her well-known energy, who ordered the large chapel in the upper \- part of the building to be cleared out, and despatching messengers hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs, Ac., soon transformed the appearance of the room into that of a country tav< r.i in'fair time. Fifty beds were -made on the floor, and live nights passed by and the brethren were happy. Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to their quarters and prepared to retire for the night, little dreaming of the calamity overhanging them. The ni^ht passed. It was about ha!f-past 4 o'clock in the niori ing that an " early bird" began to thiuk about the wotons. Halfasleep, he felt about in the accustomed place for his pants—they were gone; his vest and coat were also missing. Nothing was to be found. The unhappy confused man sits up in bad, and is puzzled t<S kuow what has happened to him. Has he been robbed? Has anybody been murdered? Gradually these thoughts passed through his roiud and flashed upon hiin. Then he looked round. Where are brother B.'s clothes ?—gone! Brother T.'s big boots ?—gone! Where are all the pieces of clothing usually adorning the chairs and tables about the the room ?—gone!—gone!—not a vestige remaining. The frightened min- Ver, with screams of alarm, shouting 114 Robbers! Thieves! Burglars!" sprang from his bed, and soon the whole fifty were made aware of the doleful situation. The scene that followed beggars description —indeed, forbids details. The fifty unclothed rushed hither and thither in the excitement of the moment, vainly seeking sometbiug they could not fiud. Considerable amount of money, railroad tickets, watches, &c.;, were gone, and consternation dire sat upon every brow. One could not but have piiied these distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughed at their embarrassment would have been •impossible—it was ludicrous in the extreme. A single white garment wra® tiie entire -of.tlwMr Uii.dijitbioijjiiico, with a very few exceptions. It looked like a lot of ghosts- -torUing a grand carnival in the early dawn. Here there .could be seen a preacher with one boot on—only that and nothing more Another rushing round, dress as abovementioned, with the addition of a tall black hat; and some only the addition of a necktie. Some wrapped a sheet about them and strode solemnly up and down the Toom, adding greatly to the'ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of the sceae. " How shall we ever get home ?" one. "Oil, dear me, what will my wife say when she hears aboutj this?" says another. Iu the mean time the startling news of this sacrilegious burglary had spread through the building, and professors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathise, and devise ways and means of dressing the unfortunates. All . were in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enongh and vests big enough for that number of ministers could hardly be found in a moment. At that instant a discovery was announced. A pile of clerical cut garments had been found in the University chapel —a number of boots under the* stairs. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled souls—it was a college trick. The room had been entered in the night by some mischievous students, who had played the practical joke upon the reverend "gentlemet. When the news was u«&e; known and the prospect of recovering their lost property;—of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments—such a shout of laughter -went up as never fifty Baptists ministers shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for all parts of the building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, hats, coats, pants, &G.; The ladies boarding in the building prudently retired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministers could be seen exploring every nooTc and corner where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted. The search was in the main successful, and when our reporter left, everything loRt, but a simple coat, had been recovered. No money, or watch, or otVer valuables had been purloined.— WiEtKC FEOM A TBAXCE TO DLE EK Re.vltty.—Six or eight weeks ago, a family named Yhestwy, consisting of husband, wife, and child, came to this Gitv from Mostcomb County, and rooms •were engaged at the house of a Bohemian named Loidwest. Vhestwy, up to a week ago, worked in a lumber yard, but he was taken ill one day, and had to go home. The doctor pronounced the case typhoid * fever. The patient received no help frbm the medicine, and soon after died in sdtae sort of spasm. James Havlemyer and August Wolb dressed the eorpse ; for the grave. It was the intention to hare the body conveyed to Macomb County and ' interred beside a dead son, and a team was engaged for that purpose. Vhestwy had a week's growth of hard beard on his chin, aud a young man named Fremm volunteered to remove it. He had worked with the dead man at digging a cellar, and the two had something of an acquaintance. The body had not been put iato the coffin yet, aud there were i u the room when Fremm commenced operations with the razor the men who dressed the corpse, the widow and a neighbor woman. Fremm applied the lather, and at leugth began using the razor. He had not taken above three or four strokes when the dead it an raised his arms, moved his body and tried to sit up. The women ran but one of the men put his hand uuder Vhestwy's head, and helped him so that he sat up. He opened his eyes, looked at Fremm, and distinctly uttered the words, " What's the matter with me, Fremm? I feel very queer ?" One of the women, who bad returned to the door, twelve feet away, plaiuly heard the words. He seemed to want to speak further, but gasped for breath, closed his eyes and fell back. His heart continued to beat for three or four minutes after, and then the man died for the second M E tune.—D A Characteristic SxoRr.—The Canadian Pharmaceutical Journal quotes a pathetic story from -a Western contemporary :—" Mr. Gray, of Boston, recently discovered a non-explosive illuminating fluid. To show how safe this new compound was, he invited a number of his friends to meet him in his rooms, whither he had brought a barrel of the fluid, which he at once proceeded to stir with a red hot poker. As he went through the roof, accompanied by his friends, he endeavored to explain to his nearest companion that the particular fluid in the barrel had too much benzine in it, but the gentleman said he had engagements higher up, aud could not wait for the explanation. Mr. Gray continued his ascent until he met Mr. Jones, who informed him that there was no necessity for bim to go any higher, as everybody was coming down, so Mr. Gray started to go back with the party. MivGray's widow offers for sale the secret of the manufacture of the non-explosive fluid at a reduced rate, as she wishes to raise money enough to buy a silver-handled coffin with a gilt plate for Mr. Gray." Earache.—There is scarcely, any ache to which children are subject so bad to and so difficult to cure as earache. But there is a remedy never kuown to fail. Take a bit of cotton-batting, put upon it a piuch of black pepper, gather it up and tie it, dip it in sweet oil, aud insert it in the ear. Put a flannel bandage oVer the head to keep it warm. It will give immediate relief. Habd on the Profession.—A country paper says that during a trial in court, a young lad who was called as one of the witnesses, was asked if he knew the obligation of an oath, and where he would go if he told a lie. He said he supposed 4i«- «bouU -go -wtoso -all Inn^nrc went. Josn Billtitgs say--?, " If a man hain't got a well-balanced head, I like tew see him part his hair in the middle!" New York Gazette. etroit Journal. 