A GHOST IN MANCHESTER. For several nights past immense crowds have been collected in and about the Feathers Hotel, in London-road, Manchester, attracted by a story so singular, and on the face of it so incredible, that the most remarkable cir cumstance connected with it is that so many people should, instead of laughing off the matter as a joke, have been excited by real cariosity about it. The story is that for five weeks past, the inmates of the hotel have been disturbed at all hours of the night by strange and unaccountable noises. When the weary waiters have gone to sleep their dreams have been disturbed by the unwelcome tinkle first of one, then of two or more, and sometimes of all the bells in the house — 14 in number — clanging together. A strict watch has on several occasions been kept, and when this has been done the watchers have seen and heard nothing unusual ; but so surely as the lights in the inn have been extinguished and quiet has been maintained, the strange noises have commenced. About a week ago bellhangers were got in the house, who rearranged the wires and muffled the bells, and by this means it was supposed that the purturbed spirit had been laid at last to rest, an idea which was confirmed by the fact that for six nights there after the ' ghost ' made no manifestation. In the ' wee short hour ' between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, however, the sound of bells again broke forth with uadiminished violence, and in defiance of bellhanghers and special detectives. An indescribable presence is said to have made itself manifest on the stairs of the hotel, dressed in most unghostly habiliments of black, to a couple of boys and a policeman, who were so much frightened by the sight that they ai'e unable to give any account of the spirit's disappearance. Of all the inmates of the house, the cook, whom one would have thought the most material and unimaginative, has been most affected by the spiritual influence, and on Wednesday resigned her comfortable situation with all its perqui sites, and, we believe, has taken to bed se riously ill. Meanwhiie the house is nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors, who, excited by curiosity, thirst of knowledge, or other desire, have been exhorbitant in their demand for spirits, to the no small profit of the land lord, to whom the presence of this singular guest has been as lucky as angel's visits. At tbe same time hundreds of people have thronged the streets and lanes outside, anxious to obtain sight or hearing of the ghost. What ever else may be thought of it, the revival of the Cock-lane spirit has been and continues most successful as a sensation in drawing crowded houses. — Manchester Examiner, 