A. WHISPER TO GENTLEMEN. Jupiter A.mmon ! Don't 1 wish f was a man ! juat to show the masculines how to play their I part in the world a little hotter 1 In the first nlacc there ain't a mother's son of you that has got as far as ABO in the art of making love (and I've, seen a few abortions in that way myself, as well as the rest of my sisters). What woman wants to he told that "her leet and eyes are pretty,'' or "her form and smile bewitching?" Just as if she didn't know all her fine points as soon as sho was tall enough to peep into a looking-glass. No, you ineffable donkey, if you must uso the small coin of flattery to pay toll at the bridge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long ears. Compliment her upon some mental attrac tion she does not possess (if you can find one!) and don't wear the knees of your pet pants tlnead-harc at her feet, trying to make her be lieve she is your " first love." Wo all know- that is among tho things that were, after you nro out of jackets and trousers. What a splendiferous husband 'I (Fanny)- should make, to he sure, had Providence so ordained it. 1 " Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious hoys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe- strings, I'd scowl at her like a hyena, and pull my portmonnnio out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth ? Do you suppose, when her blue eyes grew lustreless, and tlio rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the domestic tread-mill day after day, that I'd come homo at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her face till her eyes'" wero as rod as rabbits'? or lake myself off to a club or a game of ninepins, or any other game, and leave hor lo the oxhilirating relaxation .of darning my stockings ? Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in tho street, and leave her to keep up with mo or not, ns her .strength would permit? Do you suppose I'd fly into a passion and utter I words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her a healing plaster in the shape ot a new bonnet? And don't you suppose, when tho anniversary of our wedding-day came round, I'd write a Dainty little not, and leave it on her toilet- tiihle. to let her know 1 was still a married lovpr ? Pshaw ! T am sick of yon all 1 Yon don't deserve the love of a generous, high-soulod woman. If you want a housekeeper, hire one, and be done' with it. If you want ft wife hut you don't. One woman will answer just as well as an other to sew on your buttons, and straps, and strings, and make your puddings, and — so on and so forth. Do you suppose wo have cultivated our minds and improved the bright nnd glorious gift of intellect to the host of our capacity, to minister only to your physical wants? When that's over we want something rational. Do you over think of that, you selfish wretch ? when you stretch your legs right across tho fireplace, reading the newspaper all to yourself, or sit from tea-time till ten o'clock, staring the ashes of the grate out of counlonance ? Lord Harry ! if I had such a block of a huslmiid, I'd scare up tho ghost ofa lover some where, if there's any wit in woman? > Fanny EeiinA 