CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. DIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. OPENING OF THE NEW CHURCH OF SS. PETER AND PAUL, EMERALD HILL. The handsome new church of SS. Peter and Paul, at the corner of Montague and Dorcas streets, Emerald Hill, was solemnly blessed and opened on Sunday by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, O.S.A., Bishop of Melbourne. A procession, consisting of altar attendants, clergy and the Bishop, entered the church and jroceeded up the nave to the high altar at 1 o'clock, when Pontifical High Mass was c lebrated by his Lordship, the Very Rev.! )r. Fitzpatrick, V.Gr., acting as assiatan: priest; the Rev. P. O'Meara, St. Francis deacon; the Rev. Mr. O'Connell, Emerald ] [ill, subdeacon ; and the Rev. J. P. O'Sul ivan, St. Patrick's, master of the ceremoni s. The Rev. J. O'Driscoll, senior pasto of the district, was present. Haydn's 2J). 3, or Imperial Mass was performed b/ a full band and chorus, under the dirition of Mr. O'Grorman, the organist. The solo parts were sustained by Miss Spiller (soprano), Miss Richardson (contralto), Mr. T. Ewart (tenor), and Mr. T. B Brown (basso). The music was rendeni in a really splendid manner. Admissi n was by ticket, those admitting to the nav i being 5s. and to the aisles 2s. 6d. We und irstand that about £100 was obtained from he sale of tickets alone. Every arrangeme it was made by the building committee sr the comfort and convenience of those {'esent. Indeed the committee deserve the m ist unfeigned commendation for the mai ler in which everything was carried out The courtesy exhibited by the gentlemen of the committee towards all who visital the church rendered things very agreeane. After Mass, the Rev. Wm. Kelljl S.J. preached the occasional sermon, takiig for his text the gospel of the day—J< tin x, 11, 16—in which our Blessed Ssriour describes himself as the Good She]ierd. The rev. preacher said that the $ ispel which he had just read to them was peculiarly appropriate to the occasii i of the blessing and opening of that beat ;iful church, dedicated to the • two illust; ous Apostles, to one of whom Christ had sf d— " Feed My Iambs, feed My sheep," an in the other of whom had been so lai ely realised the promise concerning o her sheep which were not of the fold of Chjist, but who should hear His voice ana be gathered into the fold under the lne shepherd. Amongst us there was no sich love between the shepherd and hfa sheen as existed long ago. At the present dajj it was deemed no disgrace for a shepherdlto receive payment for the duties which pe had stipulated and undertaken to perforin. In ancient scripture, the love of,the shebherd for his sheep was referred to in mist pathetic terms. In prophetic scriptuie, Ezekiel compared the office of the future Redeemer to that of a shepherd. The fiist duty of the shepherd in ancient time wis, if necessary, to lay down his life for 1 is flock, and his second to feed it. O r Saviour had performed the first hip function by laying down His life for is upon the Cross. The sanctity of tie House of God was chiefly derived from tl 5 constant repetition therein of the solen: l act which commemorated the event of tl; Good Shepherd laying down His life for H i flock. It was an instinct of the human heai; in all times to offer oblation to the Supreir > Being. Cain as well as Abel—the sair and the sinner—both offered up sacrifice to the Almighty. The Jews and th Gentiles, though differing in many point; agreedin this—they offered up sacrifice: th onetothetrueGod, and the other,indeed, ti false deities, but still both recognising thi supreme worship of sacrifice. We read ii the portion of the life of St. Paul narrate in the 14th chapter of the Acts of th Apostles that when a multitude was listening to the inspired words which fell from his lips, a man who had been a cripple from his birth appealed to the Apostle's pity. St. Paul saw the faith which was within the man, and commanded him in the name of Jesus of Nazareth to arise and walk. The cripple instantly responded to the command, and the witnesses exclaimed that the Gods had descended upon earth in human form. They brought animals to sacrifice at the feet of the Apostle, who vehemently assured them that he was only a mortal man like themselves. Notwithstanding his fiery declaimer, however, it was with the greatest difficulty that he prevented them from offering sacrifice to him. Jew and Gentile, Greek and Roman, siiint, and sinner, considered it right and p to per to offer up sacrifice. Christ once offered Himself as an all-sufficient vie; im for the sins of the world, but, it .was meet that the commemoration of that offer ag should be'"also a sacrifice, which shoi Id bring back to our hearts and our very ej'es that which was once offered up for us on Mount Calvary. As Christ was ceclared in Scripture to be a priest for e\sr according to the Order of Melthisedecl," we would expect that' His sacrifice wou d be bread and wine, to correspond with t le offering of tb&t; high priest to whom he was likened, but that Christ's sacrifice would surpass in value that of Melchisedech as the real surpassed the shadow, as the Divine Pontiff excelled the human priest. T^hat was foreshadowed by the patriarchs was foretold by the prophets. Malachi announced that from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof a pure victim should be offered to the name of the Lord of Hosts, and His Name should be great amongst the Gentiles. From the farthest East to the remotest West there should always be presented to Almighty God a victim, clean, !pure, and pleasing in His sight—of whom He had said " This is My Beloved Son in Whom I am well pleased." In the narrative of St. Peter and St. Paul, which formed part of the Holy Scriptures, it was observable that Christ's Body was represented as broken like bread and His Blood offered up for us. Prelates and pontiffs in all lands and times had zealously reared temples and fanes as worthy as anything human could be, of being the scene of that, the great commemorative sacrifice which had been offered up that day for the first time in the church in which they were then assembled. Thus the House of Godderived its sanctity, in the first place, from the commemoration of the great Sacrifice of Calvary which was there constantly celebrated. The other purpose in which the Church of God played a prominent part, and which formed one of the duties [of the shepherd, as alluded to in Holy Scripture was—it fed the flock. It was customary in our time for the owners of flocks to place a brand or mark upon their sheep or lambs, so that if they were stolen or went astray they might be readily recognised. When we were born of water and the Holy Ghost we were marked—as St. Paul and the Holy Fathers termed it— with a si n which rendered us members of the flock of Christ; so that no matter how far we went astray or allowed our hearts to be stolen away by him who was a liar and a murderer from the beginning, the mark remained as a shame to him who stopped away from the shepherd and master of his soul. When tin-earthly shepherd found his lost sheep he did not renew the brand which he ' ad originally impressed upon it; it would Ire unnecessary, and perhaps suspicious. So when the wandering member of tl c fold of Christ was followed and sought jut by the pastor of his soul, it was only necessary for him to repent and allow the Good Shepherd to take him back on His shoulders to the fold. In the next place the shepherd fed his flock. But the soul needed its food more than the body required its. If, as St. Paul said, the goodness of God was shown forth in His providing the sustenance for man's body, how much more were His providence and power manifested in the giving of that food, without which the immortal life of the soul could not be sustained! The food of the body preserved the brightness of the eye and the strength of the limbs; it satiated hunger and quenched thirst, if wholesome and sufficient. The spiritual food produced similar effects in the soul. Man on a journey upon earth needed light to pursue his path, and strength to reach its termination. The light of reason which flashed upon man's soul at an early period of his journey from time to eternity, showed to him that sin led to sorrow and destruction. Man needed spiritual food on his way from earth to heaven. Blessed were they that hungered and thirsted after justice; and as the hart panted after the fountains of waters, so should the soul pant after God. Everywhere we were at liberty to petition for that light and strength of which we stood in need, but it was particularly in the Church — the " bouse of prayer"—that we should make our requests to Almighty God; where not " two or three" were gathered together in the name of Jesus Christ, but hundreds or thousands. The preacher, in conclusion, urged upon his hearers to contribute towards the liquidation of the debt due on the church, and thus complete the joy of their honoured Bishop, their esteemed pastors, and their own hearts. After the sermon a collection was made in liquidation of the debt of £700 due on the church, which realised £84. A luncheon was provided for visitors in the schoolroom. The zealous and respected pastors of the district and the Catholic residents are to be cordially congratulated on the handsome church which is the result of lengthened anxiety, unflagging zeal, and unlimited generosity. The church, is within the ground originally granted to the Catholic congregation of Emerald Hill. The old church still stands, and will in future be wholly retained as a schoolroom. It was erected in 1855 by the late Very Rev. John O'Connell, and has thus been occupied by the Emerald Hill Catholic congregation for a period of seventeen years. The present church was commenced about two and a-half years ago from designs originally furnished by Mr. T. A. Kelly, of Elizabeth street, but subsequently modified a little as regards internal design by Messrs, Reed and Barnes. The design is what is, known as the pointed gothic, audits finished cost is expected to bo about £10,000. The portion already erected is the western navs —i/utver portion of the hniu- ° This latter edifice has already been caS® 8 " to the height of the main bidding i? dn P access to thechoir and adjaoents b'vZT'? a winding stone staircase. In the eS corner of the choir is placed a fi ne «« originally made for the old church W gan ' fitted up in the new. The roof is a, lofty one, assuming the shape of a noS gothic arch so far as it extends oyer the n and rests upon stone pillars, which fonTtt?' division of the nave from the aisles Tk external roof is covered with Welsh sl.t and the internal roof is formed of vaiJS Kauri pine, hanging upon interlaced Lfl double-bearing cedar beams, which snri from the stone pillars already mention^ These pillars number five on each side anH their shafts in every inea consists of onesolM chiselled round block, and, with their nedi ments and base, are a little over 12ft height. Between each pillar springs un'i massive stone arch. The roofs of the aisles are also of Kauri pine, and are carried from the external walls up to the pillars formic the supports of the nave. Above the choir and occupying the whole of the end of the church, is a wheel window of beautiful de. sign, divided into compartments by light stone scroll work, and fitted up with ricllv coloured stained glass. The choir itself, with its massive stone balustrade pierced in ornamental designs, forms an excellent termini tion to its end of the building. It is fitted up to contain a full band and chorus as well as the organ. The altar (and fittings)is white in colour, with gold ornamentation, and pre. sents a very fine appearance when the fading rays of a western sun, entering at the large window and playing through the cedar beams of the roof, rest upon it. The contractors for the stone work were Messrs. Lilley and Bowen, and Mr. Woods fitted up the interior. The stained glass work and altar decorations and wood staining were the work of Mr O'Shea, of Hotliam. ACKNOWLEDGMENT. The Sisters of Mercy gratefully acknowledge the following donation in aid of St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage:— — Peterson, Esq., per Dr. M'Carthy, £20 • J. M'Evoy, jun., Esq., £10. ' 