THE BETHLEHEM LUTHERAN CHURCH, FLINDERS-STREET. The opening services connected with the above newly erected and handsome church were conducted on Sunday, June 23. At 10 o'clock the Lutheran ministers ascended the steps in front of {the Church. A short prayer having been delivered, a hymn was sung by the choir, after which the Rev. P. J. Oster, of Rosenthal, delivered an address to a large assemblage of hearers in front of the Church, the words chosen as the basis of his remarks being " I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the House of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem."—Psalm cxxiL, verses 1, 2. Having referred to the services connected with the laying of the foundation-stone of the building, he con- gratulated the congregation upon the fulfilment of their desire in having a suitable edifice in which, to conduct divine worship. The occasion, he said, was an important one for his German fellow-colonists, who were about to enter the building and assemble therein for divine wor- ship. The edifice, by the blessing of God, had been erected without accident to those who had worked on it. The duty and honor had fallen to him to open the church door—thus enabling its congregation to assemble and hold the first divine service within its walls. After remarking briefly upon the principles of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, the key of the church was presented to him by one of the Wardens, and the rev. gentleman opened the door of the building in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. He then entered the church, the assemblage follow- ing, and the organ playing till the congregation was seated. The Rev. C. A. F. Strempel, of Hahndorf, then delivered a short address, ex- pressive of thankfulness to Almighty God for blessings which had been vouchsafed unto the Church, after which he offered an appropriate prayer, and conducted a brief service at the altar. The dedication sermon was then preached by the Rev. Mr. Heidenrich, from Rev., chap, xxi., verses l-5. In alluding to the success which had attended the building of the church, he gracefully acknowledged the liberality shown by both English and German colonists through- out the land, and then spoke of the duties of the congregation and the customs to be observed in the church. A collection realised £26 17s. 7. The afternoon service was conducted in Eng- lish. The church was crowded, and the con- gregation comprised a large attendance of repre- sentatives from the various Evangelical Churches in the city. The Rev. Chr. G. Teichelmann conducted the service, and delivered an address. He observed that the opening of a building like that in which they were met for public divine worship— the dedication of a house of prayer— could not otherwise but be an occasion of joy and pleasure unto them, as even in ordinary life it gave them pleasure when coming into possession of a nice comfortable dwelling-house, after having lived perhaps for years in a primi- tive colonial style. As it was quite lawful to strive after a comfortable dwelling, it was also just and becoming to their Christian profession that they should exert themselves to raise nice and comfortable buildings in which to meet as fellow Christians, there to worship God, and to offer up unto Him their united prayers and sup- plications ; and after having thus realised the desire of their hearts, to be glad and rejoice. He still remembered how, at the com- mencement of the colony, they had to content themselves with places for public worship built of broad palings and suchlike materials, and that the first German sermon was preached in a broad-paling church. But those times were past. If they would yet neglect to erect goodly buildings for their public Christian worship, God might well say to them, as he once said to Israel of old, " Is it time tor you, O ye, to dwell in your ceiled houses, and this house lie waste?" after God for 36 years had showered down upon them the blessings of Heaven and opened unto them the treasures of the earth. It was true they might even err in that direction, as Israel did when they said, "The temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord are these," trusting more in their outward worship than in God's mercy through Christ; drawing nigh unto God with their lips, whilst their heart was far from Him. However, they ought not merely to rejoice in seeing another temple for divine worship raised and added to the number they already possessed, but they ought more par- ticularly to be grateful to the giver of all good and perfect gifts that He had granted the desire of His servants, and enabled them by assistance to complete that house thus far, and that thereby an additional, though but external, proof had been given that God and His Christ was still believed in and honored in South Aus- tralia as their God and Saviour. Might God in His mercy prosper and bless with all heavenly and spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus every one who had brought a free-will offering towards building that house of prayer, and might nothing be preached within its walls but repentance towards God, faith in the name of Jesus Christ unto remission of sins, and sanctifi- cation through the Spirit. He then read as the text of an earnest discourse the words—"To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious;; ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable unto God by Jesus Christ" —I. Peter, ii. ch., 4 and 5 v. Having pointed out the intimate union and communion of God with the believer, and of the believer with God, he remarked that, as believers in Christ, they were appointed and destined to be built into a spiritual house—a habitation of God—through continually coming unto Christ; building their hope and trust upon him for pardon and forgive- ness of their sins and acceptance with God for their sanctification and meetness for Heaven, and for their final redemption and admission to glory. •f they were living stones indeed, then they ought in all humility to cement themselves, by practical love and forbearance, to each other, and as a duty arising from their privilege in having been made and jonsecrated in and through Christ an holy priesthood, they ought to offer up spiritual sacrifices to God acceptable through Christ. He then spoke of the kind and nature of some of the spiritual sacrifices and offerings whiah God expected of each in dividual believer, dwelling upon the importance of their united thank-offerings and praises being given for wh it He had done merely] in this colony-for the-spread and—maintenance of His pure Gospel, and pointing -out how mi^oh more availing would their united prayers £}nd supplications be for the extermination of in fidelity, priestcraft, superstition, and rational ism. Having concluded the address with a brief exhortation, the rev. gentleman offered, an 1 appropriate and comprehensive prayer, after which he pronounced the benediction. A hymn | was then Bung, and the Bervice terminated. ( In the evening the Rev. Mr. Oster preached an able s3rmon from St. Luke, chap, xix , verses 1-4. The total proceeds from the three services amounted to £66 2s. 7d. The building has -a very handsome appear, ance, both inside and externally, and ranks amongst the most pleasing designs of oar ecclesiastical edifices. We understand the gas fittinga were a gift from Mr. H. L. Vosz , and that the'ailver vessels nsed in the administration of the Sicrament were generously given by Mr. Steiner, of Rundle-street. T&e; organ, an ex ceedingly rich-toned instrument, and which was purchased from and built by Mr, Wolffe, was presided over by Mr. J. 0. Hansen, the choir being under the efficient leadership of Mr.i 0. Piittmann. It is intended to place in the bellfry three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon taken from the French during the late war, and presented by Prince Bismarck on behalf of the Emperor. " | The following is a description of the builditag, kindly supplied us by Mr. Gumming, the archi tect:—The Btyle of the building is Gothic, of an early period. The exteiior is of dark rubble, with rustic ite>l quoins and dressings of cement. The looting is of slate, surmounted by a cast-iron cresting. The principal entrance is, in the centre of the front, and through a vesti bule under the tower; thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total lenth of the interior is 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling is 30 feet. The seats and other fittings are of cedar. At the farther end is a dais, on which are the altar J and pulpit, which are of cedar, enriohed with bronzed metal work. A gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this, on each side of the vestibule, is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear of the building is a hall, measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height. The churoh is lighted by lancet win dows at the sides, and rose windows over the gallery. The gas- lighting is chiefly by starlights, suspended from the ceiling. All the metal work and the principal gas-fittings are of Adelaide manufacture, from designs by the architect. The church is designed to accommodate nearly 500 persons. At the back of the pulpit, and within an arched alcove, are written in German letters the words—"The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth"—Romans, i., 16; and upon the cloth covering the Sacrament-table the following ' words are inscribed:—"dome, for all things are now Teady'V—Luke, xiv., 17. The bell-tower and spire are of a Continental character, and rise to a total height of 118 feet from the ground. The contract has been~satisTac£orily carried out by Messrs. Brown & Thompson at a total cost of about £3,200, exclusive of the foundations/^, t 