THE DERBY. . Tiie raco for the Derby was run on Epsom Downs about half-past 8, on May 29. Little more then five minutes afterwards — (ti.80p.m., Bombay time)— Mr. Stuccy, Superintendent of the British-Indian Submarine Telegraph Company, court eously forwanlud us the telegram, an nouncing uie result, wuiou was as fol lows :'— Brother uriUTT - - Z J Quart MeocaiRr ? „' I Twcntr-lbrM borwa no. Thug, Mr. Bavillu's colt has proved himself the good horse which bisadmircrs, who stuck to him through thick and thin, always believed him to be; -and Msidmcnt, the lucky ' Chncbwardeo ' jockey, has nvuii:u.4iiiuuicr,is6ruj wuucreuiu AUC discomfiture of Prince Charlie will sur prise no one who has given the matter a thought A 'roarer.' hsinsvcryotwon the Derby, and the infirmity of the giant son of Blair Athol is admitted, e'en by his own stable. The -? Blue fliband '' is contested for this year, for tiro first time, on the new conrse, and the ' prophets *' have all along predicted that the descent of the hill bofore teaching Tattenham Corner would prove fatal to Prince Charlie's chance. We have not yot heard the distance between the first and second horses, bnt it would seem as if tho race has almost resulted in a mupme tn backers and all concerned. The ' dark' Brother to Flurry has not even been men tioned in the betting — at least, remem bering thci case of the Zephyr colt last year, not by that name— and wo can well imagine the frnntic excitement of the ' bookmakers ' daring the final struggle for victory, and howcrestfallenthoy would b« on finding that the rank outsider had had to succumb to what we might venture tn say was tho favorite. Brother to Flurry ran very well as a two-year-old, but it was never thonght by those not in the secret that be stood a ghost of a chance for the Derby. Lord Fnlmonth's colt, Queen's Messenger, was unbeaten till he ran third to Prince Charlie in the Two Thousand, and he has not disgraced hiinBelf by running into a place in tbe Derby. Mr. Savillc's good fortune, will be cordially received by sportsmen; he ib one of the most honorable of racing men, and is to be congratulated on winning his first Derby. 