f Tfi& BENDIGO STEEPLECH^ES. ^-,:''.'.'.;,.i' '.'.; ? By. Beacon., 'um-i' )????'? ??? xThe last day's sport of the season was at Bendigo last week, and it goea to show how popular jumping races (might be made during t^f^Uitec^iiMUtix^'/.'wlien/'thQ;. course is adiaqeiili ' '=? to ' a railway station. ' Apropos winter sfceeploohasing, J observed a week or two baok in the columns of our contemporary, tho Australasian, a leading sporting article, adyooating the aboliiipn of sunimor steeple. diaBingasifit wore an original idea. I have not,the\,8lightest objection to our contem porary holding views aimilar to my own, bat' Ircertainly do objeot to their claiming origin slity :'t6r. ? jvan .idea .which I suggested' Borne; threelv; years ' Baok : at . least,' ' ', and ttie '?. peduliair [advantage [of -which -I -have since been ; continually . urging and bringing under the i notice of tho various clubs and1 their Beoretaries. It however is so much time and paper lost, for the . V. R.O. have determined not to abolish summer ateenle ohaaing. It is considered by the seoretary to, be,i the trump oard of a meeting, and to; attraot scores to the course on the Saturday afternoon who would not undertake the journey to Flemigton to witneBB flat racing only. Iftheohief club in the colony does not set the example it can soarcely be ex peoted that other clubs will expunge steeple ohasing from their programmes, so for a time it muat continue. ! As far as ' the sport is concerned I also could wish it still to re tain Its place, but being satisfied that summer ateeplechasing is destructive toborse- flesh, andspeoially damaging to the logs, I feel justified in working for its abolition. There is no sport in this colony so thoroughly appre ciated as bross*oountry sports. Flat raoing, unless a Melbourne Gup or a Dorby, is only second in tho people's regard, and in many places where flat race meetings might be a queBtionablepecaniarysuooess, asteoploohaso would be sure to prove remunerative, if oIobo to a line of railway. It is possible that, it might not be attended with the happiest ro suits juat now, because thore is a Boaroity of horsbflesh, but as a rule winter Bteeploohas ing would pay well enough. For the Bendigo Hurdlorace eleven out of twenty-two nomi« ? w« M4.«k*3 '.«««««.« 4*.% .^l« a ««-«nl. m*'*l 4*\m \\*i*nt% imAfl «rf A*- UBuuuuauiuuu'iiuuMuaV} iiuuuiaiwiiinwj huu by the highest weight that started, while a rank outrider scoured theseoondplaoe. When the i bandtoap first appeared it was thought to be a moral certainly for Brownie, whioh no amount of reasoning could alter. Then Polka was oaid to be turned loose with 8 at 4 lb., the faot of her being but four years old being quito lost sight of. Fair Nell was on the other hand voted out of tho race, not even being left with tho ghost of a ohanos; the running, however, quite upset nil fhnfiA nnininnn. f/ir TTftir ^aII nrnn. An outsider, Roger, was seoond, and tho two favorites, Brownlo and Polka, wore only just enabled to secure tho third and fourth places. Now. it is soon that Brownio was an over* woightod horao, and that he had aqoomplished nothing previously to entltlo him either to moro weight or to tao partiality shownfor him. Ho has boon enshrouded in mystery and some of his porformanooa hiwo boon ouBpioiously roooivod, wh^uh conjointly lod parsons to think ho was a eooond Darkio, to whioh plass he has no pretensions. Polka wants anothor year. Her proaout fault is eho cannot atay, but oho is a nno mate, and will ono day bo moro dangorous than she now ia. Prlostoss ran a good mare, and had oho oarrlod 8 at. 10 lb., (her proper woight, ) instead of 0 at. 3 lb. oho might havo won tho race. Of what uno is a favorable woight if an Additional 7 lbs. is put on ; the animal's Imoli, and who can say whoro Prlostona might havo boon had she oarrlod her piouor woight only t On,o thing it would havo dono boyoud a doubt, and that ia tb hftvo loft 'Brownio without a plaoo. Ilogor carrlod 2 lb. over, ? ana Sir OUarlos 3 lb. over. Aa rogards Oruiskoou, Nativo, and WiU-lM-oan, the raoo waa uh» Buitod to thorn. Tholr ohanoo would bo in finitely bettor in a Blow throe mile raoo, to a burnt at two mlloo and a diutanoo j whilo Voluutoor and Jlooawing woio wanting in oouilitlon. If wo tako this ruuning aiul t -o woighta unrriod, and contrast thorn with tho Hunt Club Hurdlarnoo, wo shall soo a wide dllTorunoo. To uoinmonoo, llotamn1, 10 lib. lUlb., ia oorroot. but 8 lb. penalty on Fair Noll in coo luuoh by Hlb. Hut Brownio haa moHt oauuo to ooinplnin, booauBO ho mootu IMs Noll on tUo uamo torma na lioforo, My notion would luvvoboon llote\n\r, 10 at. 1211)., r»l-'Noll, 10 ut. 7 lb,, .Hrownk-, Dat. 10 lh, , Firuior'a Dmif{htor, Oat., and tho rest m they nro. Browulo oau havo uo oh«uoo. Indeed, my proforenoe v^jU' ^lie1 witbV Mr. JellfeWs pair - and1 : PrieafesH; : ' The ateepleonaBO ftt^BradigoVVaS Won ,by Monkj, . but /had .-not- J Eoyfltpn \ balked, tte^ probably, .; would: i' not . ;haye ialjenrf . Jnd :had ho;not fallen, he would have, won the race. ' TBo' pair were too good forthe: others, and; had bbth.stood up tho field would never havo troubled, them in the last' I m'0^;.:N9?«an.S':flee«nything.in the field to: ? woubleMouk in, tho Steepleohase to come. «»ruiHBe as i statea, lasc weeK was only put in to depress theirjBJgUslEbrMonk; running mm was never dreamed of,, other wise, Monk is not far enough' away; from Naroie'so, for with the latter fif'ho Ts '21 lb. better than Monk, who is only -& good ' horse hi moderate company, and I .should like to have seen 12 |Bt.|71b.;on him now. , What is the .field opr \- posed to him? Babbler's legs .have gone.,. iClunie isno.good. It is any odds, againBt: Typo' getting round, as he is 'a 'notorious balker. , Inglesido is an old horse, and in the Bame stable with Monk. : The Bake is a very unsafe and uncertain fencer. - Then what is left but Blaokthom.and Nankaboo. Ono or both may beat him, but it will Ho by a fluke., only. Since ' the running of the'latter at Heidolborg his chance must indeed bo small, for if ho cannot be persuaded' to negotia'te the moderate fences of the Heidelberg farms he! is, infinitely less .likely to face tho; Mel- bourne fenaes. Blaokthorn I muoh prefer, ho sodms a good' game constant horse, but ho too can balk at times ; at any rate I esteem' hiB:chanco second only to Monk; ' ' ' ? ? ? ? ? 