A TALE OF HORROR. A gontloraan named Lcadbotter, a hop- merchant residing in ono > of tho western counties, bad fur many years mado jo practice of attending tbe groat annual offair aVWeybi'l), as a purchaser of tho commodity id which ho nbSnflv dealt. It hontiGlicd on ono occasion that ho went somo hours iutor than usual ; and ' on going into tbo houso ho -learned, to his r<s grot, that so inueh company had arrtvod beforo him that ovcry bed was ongnged. ltatbor than go to any house to whioh be was it > stranger, ho determined to have a bed mado, op oo Bomo chairs in the travellers' room. .Mtb. Symonds, tbo landlady, was about to carry tbisarrongomcntratoeiToat, when she happened to recollect that there was an ostler's room in tho yard, wbioh possibly Mr.Leadbottor niigl.t prefer to sleeping in a room whoro be would bo'liahle to bo disturbed very early in tbn morning. To this tho gentleman willingly nocodod ; and oftor somo short timo'ho passed up tue gallery io tbo yard, which; led to mo npartmont, and retired to bed. Sleep loot lis leaden influenoo soon to tbo weary traveller, and bo reposed soundly, until -a strange noiso in tho gallery which bo had nsconded refused him int-i sense again. Tho noise was that of on extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Loadbetter oountod ovory step; and, to bis alarm, tbo sound ioorcoAcd, until .tho causo of - it reached , the door of bis opartmont. In on instant a tall and gaunt figure entered. tho room, with a candle in ono hand, and a butcbor's knifo in tbo othor. Mr. L. attempted to speak, but his voico failed him, aod tho figure approached tho bed. It shook tho borror-striokoo man ; then drew tho knifo several times across bis. own threat ; wont to a tablo in tbo room, sot down thb light, and immediately quitted tho nlaco. Mr. L. becan to breathe again ; ho imnginod, oftor a few minutes, that ho had bcou dreaming; and yet tbooandleand candlo- stick on tho tablo were, no phantoms, thoy wcro palpable realities. Ho instantly rose . ; with ao intent Io lock tho door, but found that it was without -look or bolt,' and that tbero was nothing else id tbo room but tho - bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran oo castors, bo rolled It to tbo door, and thinking bimsolf tolerably safo from further intrusion, he endeavoured to go to Bleop ogoib. Hut sloop would no inoro revisit his eyelids; and bo lay tossiog about until, io about an hour, he heard tbo samo sounds which bad before alarmed bim rcnowcd on tbo. gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, tbo door of his room boing pusliod with great violence, bis bed was rolled into tbe middlo of, tho apartment, aod ogain tho horrid figure stood before him 1 Tho faoultios of apoeoh and motion now forsook him quito; tho figure shook him' again, with fierco gesticulation, and again drawing thb knife across its throat, Mn Loadbetter ob served that tnorks of blood woro on the blade, wbicb wero not tbero before ! It then passed away from tho room, and tbo remainder of Mr. Loadbcttor's senses flod with it; bo swooned,' and remained for snmo timo insensible. Afl Boon as ho camo to himself bo put on tho best' speed bis agitation would allow, and dose'ondod- into tho yard of tbo inn. In a stable there bo saw a light, and- on Approaching it, found A- man dressing down somo horses, to whom bb . communicated that something particular had' . happened, and that ho must have Mr. aod< Mrs. Symonds cailod up immediately. Tbo . landlord camo down ; aod on expressing HU' apprehonsidn that Mr. Londbotterwas very it), as bis looks seamed to indicate, was informed that iodoed bo was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relato all that bad happoned to him, and' concluded by expressing his firm conviction that somo borrjblo murdor.had boon ooinmitted on tho promises in tbo night. Mr. Symonds on bearing tho tolo was eoarcoly loss alarmed than the relator. The bouse wos quickly1 roused by tbo.torrors of tbe host and hostess y and tho business of tbo fair was almost for gottco in tho wonder excited by tho story, WU1CU lost Doming Dy repotmuu to me ouvcrui' guosts of the inn, as they successively inquired into tbo causo of tho early disturbance. At. six o'clook the ostler, wboso room Mr. L bad occupied, arrived from a lodgtng.wbiob bo had' . got in tho town, on being turnod out of his. osuol bod- Muob pleasure was expressed on - seeing him, " Why," said be, " I'll lay my lifo; I know tbo ghost very well it was. tho deaf and dumb fellow that comes to helpline to kill tho pigs, and who always comes up tn my. room to call mo when wo bavo ono to kill !" .'Tho murder was out I It was indeed tbo deaf and dumb fellow, who had made an appointment with tbo ostlor to kill a pig at four o'clook' ia the morning, and who, thinking tbo ostlor luzy, had eono first to awokon him, and a socond time for tbo samo purpose, afior bo bad stock tbo pig. Great American Bridge —It is stated that tho Now York and Brooklyn Bridge, whon completed, will bavo a total length of 5 862 feet und width of 80 feet ; tbe centre! span will bo 1,000 feet long, with an elevation of 130 feot abovo high wutor ; tbe towers will bo 2tiS feet in height ohnvu the surfaooof Inch water, and at tbo baso will bo 131 feot by 50 feet. 