THE SUEZ MAIL. (lEOlI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) London, January 5. The bulletins respecting the health of the Prince of Wales continue to be satisfactory. He is daily regaining strength, and the local affection is subsiding. Her Majesty has commanded the following letter to be made public : " The Queen is very anxious to express her deep sense of the touching sympathy of the whole nation on the occasion of the alarm- ing illness of her dear son, the Prince of Wales. The universal feeling shown by her people during those painful, terrible days, and the sympathy evinced by them with herself and her beloved daughter, the Princess of Wales, as well as the general joy at the improvement in the Prince of Wales' state, have made a deep and lasting impression on her heart which can never be effaced. It was, indeed, nothing new to her, for the Queen had met with the same sympathy when just ten years ago a similar illness removed from her side the mainstay of her life, the best, wisest, and kindest of husbands. The Queen wishes to express at the same time, on the part of the Princess of Wales, her feelings of heartfelt gratitude, for she has been as deeply touched as the Queen by the great and universal manifestation of loyalty and sympathy. The Queen cannot conclude without expressing her hope that her faithful subjects will continue their prayers to God for the complete recovery of her dear son to health and strength." The Revenue Returns up to the end of 1871 show a very satisfactory condition of the Exchequer. The last quarter of the financial year has yet to run, and it is the most important to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who between Christmas and Lady Day claims the annual income tax in a lump sum, as well as other imposts. It is surmised that the Chancellor will have a surplus of three millions sterling, so that Mr. Lowe will be able to dispense with at least twopence of the income tax of sixpence in the pound. The general condition of Ireland is upon the whole satisfactory. " In many coun- ties," says Mr. Heron, M.P., " the practice of serving notices to quit has altogether ceased, except for non-payment of rent. Large sums are being expended by tenants on the land, and the value of the fee-simple to owners has increased Agrarian crime, as a consequence of evictions, has nearly ceased, and the system of half-yearly notices to quit has gone for ever." The " Home Rule " party, who desire an Irish Parliament to meet in Ireland for the discussion of Irish domestic questions, held a meeting last night at the Liverpool Concert Hall. The Times' correspondent, in reviewing the state of the country, says, the mass of the community appreciate the substantial advantages they possess, and desire more practical objects than " Home Rule " agitators have in view. With regard to the Alabama claims, the Times says : " In this, as in each of the other cases, the British Government denies any breach of neutrality, either wilful or through negligence. We must not omit one important plea on our side which will be found in the recapitulation of facts near the close of the volume : ' No serious endeavours to intercept or capture any of these vessels during the times of their respective cruises appear to have been made by the Government of the United States and the losses inflicted by them would probably have been in great measure averted had reasonable activity and diligence been excited by that Government and its officers for that purpose. We contend, generally, that England did her best to perform her duty as a neutral." Dr. Dollinger has delivered an inaugural address to the students of the Munich University, which was very numerously attended by them. Many persons of note were also present. The speech, which lasted an hour and three-quarters, evidently made a deep impression on the audience, who frequently evinced approba- tion during its delivery. Speaking of the relations between France and Germany, Dr. Dollinger said " Unhappily, Germany cannot yet disarm, but must still keep her hand on her sword. The French proclaim that they will henceforth educate their children in hatred of Germany, as former generations were taught to detest England. It appears to be a necessity for the French to have continually some people or other to hate. This hatred Germany does not return ; she holds fast the conviction that all Christian nations are members of one grand confederacy, and that every great people has its own share to perform in the moral development of the human race." Dr. Dollinger considers the existence of France as a blessing to Europe and especially to Germany-the two nations are indispensable to each other. He cannot withold a tribute, though apparently somewhat grudgingly given, to the genius of France as the interpreter and populariser of ideas and discoveries. The Rector spoke at great length on the mendacity of French literature, especially denouncing Lamartine, Thiers, Michelet. French vaingloriousness has been fostered by historians, who have raised lying to the dignity of a fine art. He considers her public men guilty of false patriotism when they place the whole world under the feet of France, and says " the historians of that nation have inoculated it with a deep unfaithfulness." In another portion of this address the Rector of Munich considers that the conquests of German armies and the unity of the Fatherland would be worse than barren spoils and trophies if the universities should fail in maintaining and extending the dominion of sincere historical research and of free scientific investigation, and in resisting against all anathemas, the demands of infallibility upon the passive obedience of the human soul. Germany must accept the conflict in behalf of natural science, of the truth of history, and of the rights of conscience. M. Pouyer-Quertier's supplementary bud- get is one of makeshifts and expedients. An income tax has been rejected, and re- course is had to indirect taxation, which may fetter industry, restrain enterprise, and restrict the purchasing power of the com- munity but then it provides ready money. France has heavy liabilities and she seeks to meet them by consuming capital as well 05, interest, a plan which, while it provides feV present difficulties, leads to ultimate impoverishment. There is to be an import duty on raw materials, which will, of course, enhance the price on manufactured articles ; an import duty also on textile substances ; an increase of the impost on sugars and a tax on all dividends, except those on rents and the funds of co-operative societies. Not only does France cripple her productive power, by drying up the sources of national prosperity, but at the same time she determines to maintain a colossal army ; she cannot be satisfied with less than 800,000 trained soldiers; 450,000 being the standing army in time of peace. The affair between the Germans and the inhabitants of Revin, arising out of the murder of a Bavarian soldier, has been brought to a satisfactory conclusion. The rigorous measures adopted by the Bavarian general will cease to be enforced. The other analogous incidents which occurred at Luneville and Ponti-tt-Mousson are on the point of being settled. A moderate Republican, M. Vautrain, has been brought forward for Paris in opposition to M Victor Hugo. M. Yau train says : " That so far from placing the Republic above universal suffrage, he thinks now, as in 1851, that Republican institutions can alone extricate the country from its present difficult position." He energetically denounces the Commune. It was noticed at the New Year's Day recep- tions at Versailles that Count Arnim, the Prussian Minister, was not present. In a complimentary letter to the President the Count explained his absence on account of his not having been yet officially accredited to join the diplomatic body. On New Year's Day M. Thiers received numerous congratulatory telegrams, among them one from the Emperor of Germany expressing his good wishes for the success of his patriotic efforts. The Budget for 1872 of the various Government departments in Austria has just been presented to the Reichsrath. The Budget shows a deficit of «£4,000,000. Brigham Young has surrendered to stand his trial for murder. Bail was refused. He is kept as a prisoner in his own house, in the custody of the United States Marshal. The project of a steam ferry between Dover and Calais has been considered this morning at a meeting held between some railway authorities and the projectors of the steam ferry, with a view to the practical adoption of this scheme. It is proposed to construct gigantic ferry boats, on to the deck of which the train may be run at Dover, and carried across to Calais, where it will be lifted on to the rails, and resume its journey. The Tichborne case will be resumed next Monday week, before Chief Justice Bovill and the eleven special jurors, when the Attorney-General will open the defence. The dredging of the Tiber is at length to be begun in earnest, and the authorities have announced that the recovered treasures are to be kept in Rome for the benefit of the world. in the bed of so rapid a river as the Tiber it is not certain that much will be found, but still, on the other hand, there is the possibility, and the search cannot fail to be watched with interest. Signor Castellane, Prince Odes catch, the Marquis Vitelleschi, Mr. Story (the eminent American sculptor) and the historian Mommsen, are some of those who have taken the matter up. January 12. The convalescence of the Prince of Wales is so far established that it was announced on Monday that no further bulletins would be issued until next Saturday He has been enabled to leave for a few hours the room to which he has been so long confined, and the constant resi- dence of Dr. Gull at Sandringham is no longer necessary. The Secretary for Ireland, in addressing his constituents, insisted that members ought not to tolerate any projects for a dismemberment of the Empire, and he contended " that they must have firmness in showing to the people of Ireland that they were not willing to hand over the control of education entirely to the priests ; no more than they were willing to hand it over to the denominationalists in England." On the University question his lordship insisted that a system of higher education, which might be perfectly well fitted for the wants of a Protestant community, would not be in all respects fitted for the wants of what was mainly a Catholic community. This is in effect evading the question and paving the way for a vicious compromise. His lordship's reference to the demands of the Roman hierarchy has excited no little stir in Ireland. A great demonstration was held Limerick on the 10th in favor of Home Rule, on the occasion of a reception and banquet to Mr. Isaac Butt, Q.C., M.P., the newly-elected Home Rule member. At the railway station Mr. Butt was met by his supporters and a vast crowd of 5000 or 6000 persons. Few traders of the city were present, although they had been requested to assemble in their thousands. A procession was at once formed which passed through the leading thoroughfares of the city. It was accompanied by bands of music playing national airs, besides a profuse display of banners bearing the inscription, " Home Rule for Ireland." The procession halted opposite O'ConnelTs statue in George-street, where Mr. Butt addressed the vast Assembly, he thanked them for their reception and support of the Home Rule movement. He alluded to the late speech of the Marquis of Hartington and said that he, as the representative of the Government and the Chief Secretary for Ireland, had used expressions which tended to show that they in Ireland were to be dictated to as to the education they should give their children. Mr. Butt expressed f a hope that the Irish nation would [ meet the English Government with patience and firmness ; with a determina- tion that their country should be free, and with a patience that knew how to bide its time. The banquet was held at 9 in the evening in the theatre. The chairman J gave as the first toast, " The health of the Queen." The band attempted to play the National Anthem, but it was received with such groans that they were obliged to A desist. A number of toasts were given and responded to, in which the speakers said that nothing on earth would ever content the Irish people but the restitution to I them of the right to govern themselves. The O'Donoghue has addressed an able letter to the Coi7t Examiner on the subject of Horrie Rule and the Kerry election. He argues that it was because O'connell could not obtain justice for Ireland that he demanded repeal; but the followers of Mr. Butt, who echo the cry under very different circumstances, are unable to say what special evils they have in view. He is filled with loyal attachment to England, and above all he is convinced that " the first duty of an Irish patriot is to advise his countrymen to accept the good offices of to-day in satisfaction of former miss government." The Lord Advocate has been explaining to his constituency the views of Government on Scotch Education. His labored argument on the subject resolves itself into this-that purely secular education may be a good thing, but that Presbyterian Scot- land will not have it. The Earl of Derby has made a comprehensive speech on the political situation, the occasion being the annual meeting of the Liverpool Conservative Working Men's Association. His Lordship's address was marked by characteristic moderation, and an almost judicial impartiality. He gards the Conservatives, though weak in numbers, as exercising an important control over the divided Liberal party. It was they who helped to make the Education Bill what it was, by " backing up the Minister against his own followers. On the subject of disestablishment, The dis- regarded the majority plea. Logically, the Irish and English Churches were on the same footing, but at present the Angli- can State Church is unassailable, unless contending parties in the Church fall out, and secession ensues, when " the end would not be far off." His Lordship would strengthen the House of Lords by creating a limited number of life Peers ; would let the Education Act have some years trial before attempting to amend it, and will assist the Government in carrying a moderate licensing bill, though trusting more to time and teaching to put down in- temperance. The ballot he pronounces a fallacious remedy for bribery and corrup- tion ; but Lord Derby urges the imperative necessity for reform in one judicial administration. He wants Mr. Lowe to give us " a common-place budget," and to operate on the national debt, as " our present prosperity will not last for ever." His Lordship sees no reasonable ground for expecting foreign complications, and thinks we ought to maintain our neutral position. Ireland is the weak point, and requires to be treated with patience and firmness, but he scouts the idea of governing that country through the Catholic clergy. The noble Earl is a power in the State, distinct from parties, and his speech gives the assurance that he will offer no factious opposition to the Government, and that he for one is not at all anxious for office. Mr. James Fisk, the notorious manager of the Erie Ring, has been stopped in his disreputable career, having been assassinated in a New York hotel by a person named Stokes, who had been the defendant in an action for libel brought against him by Fisk. Count Arnim, after presenting his credentials to M. Thiers, had a long private interview with him. It is stated that the interview was very cordial, and that the relations of France with Prussia are as good as the present attitude of affairs will allow. In reference to the presentation of the credentials of the Marquis de Gon and in Berlin, and Count Arnim in Paris, the semi-official Provinziell Correspondent writes as follows:-" The re-establishment of the former diplomatic relation between Germany and France may be reckoned as another proof that both Governments not only wish but also hope that they may more and more succeed in again strengthen- ing the relations between two neighboring States." M. Vautrain has been elected for Paris instead of Victor Hugo. The choice of M. Vautrain, a Republican who can wait and who recognises the need of order to liberty, and of repose to recovery, is a healthy sign. Victor Hugo has published an address to the people of Paris, in which he demands an amnesty as the only mode of terminating party strife and assuring order. The question of the Assembly's return to the capital is once more on tapis, and before many days are over must be decided. A telegram from Rome announces that the Indian mail arrived on Monday morning, at Brindisi, passing for the first time through the Mont Cenis Tunnel, and thus realising a saving of twenty-four hours on the previous route. Sir Francis Crossley, Bart., M.P., has breathed his last. His munificent benefac- tions, and the rank he took as a leading manufacturer, have made his name a cherished one throughout England. Sir Francis was a self-made man. He was born in 1817, at Dean Clough, where stand the great works with which his name and that of his brother are associated. Up to 1838 the carpet manufactory at Dean Clough was on a very small scale, now it is perhaps the largest in the world. It gives employment to between 5000 and 6000 persons, and the various buildings cover an area of about twenty acres. The firm was changed into a company under the Limited Liability Act, in 1866\. The capital was then fixed at £1,650,000, and the workmen were admitted on easy terms as shareholders. In politics Sir Francis was an advanced Liberal. His distinctive characteristic was his princely munificence. Though a sturdy Nonconformist, his eagerness to assist in every good work overflowed all boundaries of ecclesiastical or denomi- national distinction. He gave as a free gift to the town of Halifax " The People's Park," at a cost to the giver of £40,000. About this period was commenced the erection of the Crossley Orphan Home and School, which was built and endowed by the Messrs. Crossley at a cost of £6500. In 1871 Sir Francis gave £10,000 to the Corporation as a loan fund, for the benefit of deserving inhabitants. Then he gave £10,000 to the Congregational Pastors' Retiring Fund, and £20,000 to the London Missionary Society. These are but some of his public benefactions, and there is every reason to believe that no man did more good privately than he did. Joseph Gillott, of Birmingham, has just died. Mr. Gillott was the first to use machinery in the manufacture of the steel pen. The annual produce of the factory he established is estimated at a hundred and fifty millions of pens, he has left a' large fortune, and a picture gallery valued at from eighty to a hundred thousand pounds. January 19. The last of the series of bulletins relative to the health of the Prince of Wales has been issued. The first bulletin was issued on November 23. Though some time must yet elapse before recovery is perfected, the progress towards health is so satisfactory that the public may dismiss anxiety. There are many signs of increased political activity. Members of Parliament are still busy addressing their constituents or otherwise expounding their views. Professor Fawcett has made a speech at Brighton, which reads like a Radical manifesto, and indicates that the honorable member will continue to be the assailant of the Treasury Bench. Arrangements are being made for the holding in Manchester of the Conference on International Arbitration and in support of Mr. Henry Richards' motion (postponed from last month in consequence of the illness of the Prince of Wales) on Monday, January 22. The appointment of international arbitra- tors to meet at Geneva, under the terms of the recent treaty between Great Britain and the United States, has excited much attention on the Continent. In Spain, Senor Marconi, a member of the Cortes, has given notice of his intention to introduce a motion very similar in its nature to that which will be shortly brought before the English House of Commons by Mr. Henry Richard. In Sweden also, a member of the Legislature, M. Hedland, has recently spoken and written much on the same subject. In France it is being discussed with much ability in some of the public journals, and a new society for promoting the spread of International Arbitration is being founded under the presidency of M. Martin. The members of the Dutch Peace League in Holland have sent an address to Mr. Richard, expressing their lively interest in his intended motion. That body includes some of the most influential men Holland. Its president is Herr J. A. Jones, of the Hague, a jurist of European reputation, and now Minister of Justice for the Netherlands. In their address to Mr. Richard they say : " The General League of Peace in the Netherlands testifies its sympathy with you for having at this moment, when peace is not menaced and the minds of men are again calm, taken the initiative, and at the same time the first practical step in the way leading to the reform of international law. At the annual meeting of the Sheffield Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Mundella, M.P., expressed his confidence that all the details of the Alabama difficulty would be amicably settled. He thought the American people were far more grieved at the manifestation of British opinion than by the actual damage done. Cardinal Cullen presided, on Wednesday, over a meeting held in Marlborough- street Roman Catholic Cathedral, Dublin. Lord Hartington's declaration that the Government will not hand over the education of Ireland to the priests has settled the Roman Catholic prelates, and the twelve declarations which this meeting adopted are equivalent to a proclamation of war. In his speech Cardinal Cullen curses the National system of education which exists, with " bell, book, and candle." He anathe- masses the friends of unsectarian education, just as Bishop Dupanloup the other day anathematised M. Gambetta when he proposed to take the education of French youths out of the hands of the priests. In regard to the education question the Ultra- montane clergy and the Home Rule leaders are likely to be as one, and while not asking all that the latter ask, some of the bishops, such as Bishop Moriarty, are against Home Rule. The Roman Catholics will get powerful help from the new agita- tion. At a meeting of the Home Rule Association held in Dublin, Professor Galbraith denied Bishop Moriarty's allegation that the agitation was got up by the Fenians and spiteful Tories. He alluded to The O'Donoghue as a ghost the ghost of a young Irishman who once loved his country. The Kerry Post says that the signatures appended to the document calling on The O'Donoghue to resign are as yet very few. The Rev. John Selby Watson, of Stock- well, has been sentenced to death for the murder of his wife. He has been strongly recommended to mercy on account of his age and previous good character. A ver- dict has also been given in what is popularly known as the Brighton poisoning case. Miss Christina Edmunds was found guilty of the death of a little boy named Barker, and also of the attempt to poison several persons at Brighton, by giving them chocolate creams into which she had put strychnine. The case against the famous claimant in the great Tichborne suit before Lord Chief Justice Bovill, was opened last Monday. Long before the hour of meeting the approaches to the Court were most inconveniently crowded. Of course the attraction was the desire to bear the speech of the Attorney-General, who, on this the seventy-first day of the trial, was at length to open the case for the defence. Sir John Coleridge, in foreshadowing the line of the defence, told the jury that it was the plaintiff's duty to satisfy them that he was Roger Tichborne, and it was no part of the defendant's duty to show who the claimant really was. It might be possible that nobody could say who the plaintiff really was, whilst it was clear that he was not Roger Tichborne. He would not conceal that he had a great body of evidence to show that the plaintiff probably was Arthur Orton; but still it was no part of his duty to show to demonstration that he was that person. He should, however, contend that the plaintiff's own story and what he had written showed that he was not Roger Tichborne, and that the conclusion was almost inevitable that he was Arthur Orton. The speaker then placed before the jury an outline of the case supporting the Orton hypothesis. Subsequently the Attorney General's speech was occupied in great part by an analysis of the Australian correspondence, because in his view the initiation of the alleged fraud was of the utmost importance for the consideration of the jury. He pointed out that the claimant's information had grown with the progress of his correspondence, and it would appear as though an impression at one time existed that if Lady Tichborne acknowledged him, there would be an end of all difficulty in the way of recognition, and he could settle down in the colony to enjoy the proceeds of the Tichborne estates. He also gave a history of the Brighton card case, which has been so often referred to during the trial. In dissecting the testimony on the other side, Sir John Coleridge called attention to many inconsistencies in the letters of the claimant with the facts which Roger Tichborne must have possessed, even had he been, as sought to be established, absent twelve years from his native land. The case is proceeding. Professor Huxley is unwell, and is said to be going to Italy and Egypt. M. Thiers' proposed tax on raw material continues to meet with much opposition in France. The delegates from the Chambers of Commerce at Marseilles, Roubaix, Havre, Lyons, and other towns have arrived at Versailles, to protest against the proposed tax. Great uncertainty is said to prevail in Parliamentary circles on the question, and best informed persons hesitate to forecast the result of the debate now going on in the Assembly. The real difficulty of the Government in relation to finance seems to turn not upon the results of the struggle which has exhausted France, so much as upon the war policy of the future. M. Thiers assumed the re- sponsibilities of office with a deficit of .220,000,000, But the deficit is, in part at least, one of his own creation. He has insisted upon a military expenditure, larger than the largest ever asked for, or submitted to, under the Empire. Not content with this, he calls upon the impoverished people of France, in the moment of their greatest exhaustion, to contribute some eight millions sterling a year towards what is decisively designated a Sinking Fund, which, on the pretext of paying off the debt to the Bank, and thus enabling it to reduce its paper circulation, ho characterises as a tax of necessity. Towards furnishing the revenue required for this factitious outlay, he has at length laid before the Deputies a scheme of duties on raw material, and in a speech of three hours' duration, as full of economic blunders as of intellectual power, he has, to all appearance, impressed his own will upon the House, and will probably obtain what he demands. The policy of M. Thiers may be described in a few words-a dis- united Italy, a divided Germany, a French ascendancy over the Continent. This is to living no dream, but a purpose, and to carry France back to this position he is taking the initiatory steps., The pence of France and the peace of her neighbors is but a small matter, so far as his estimation is concerned, compared with the glorious privilege of keeping Europe in awe and dictating to nations how they shall live. He evidently looks upon the antagonism of Germany and France as suspended only, and not concluded by the late war. But M. Thiers is not the Republic. His dictators is beginning to be obnoxious, and the opposition he meets with more serious. The Chamber is crying out about the President's frequent appearance there, and asks, with some reason, too, of what use are the Ministers if His Excellency is determined to do everything himself. The French Government has a prohibited the sale in the streets of two Paris papers the Constitution and the Gaulois. This act is viewed with much disfavor by the rest of the Press. The Gaulois announces, as one of the consequences of its prohibition, that it has received no less than 437 fresh quarterly subscribers. By the death of the Duke de Persigny the ex-Emperor Napoleon has lost perhaps the most enthusiastic as well as one of the ablest of his partisans. The late duke obtained his rank for services to the Bonapartist cause, extending over twenty years. January 20. The convalescence of the Prince of Wales was marked on Sunday by a special thanksgiving in the form of a prayer, ordered to be prepared last Thursday by the Privy Council, and to be used in all places of worship of the established Church the following Sunday. Soon after Parliament meets there is to be an imposing ceremonial at St. Paul's, whither Queen Victoria, possibly the Prince himself, and the great bodies of the State will assemble, to give thanks for the recovery of the Heir Apparent The great Cathedral already to sounds with preparations for this public and unique event, and the Lord Chamberlain is obliged to deprecate the urgent demand for orders for admission which are thus early pouring in upon him. The Queen has appointed Sir William Jenner, Bart., M.D., to be an ordinary member of the Civil Division of the Knights Commanders of the Bath. The Queen has also granted the dignity of Baronet to Dr. Gull. Mr. Gladstone has issued a circular relating to the meeting of Parliament. His allusion to " the Speech from the Throne " is the official confirmation of the news that the Queen intends, if possible, to open the session in person. The remainder of Mr. Gladstone's circular is occupied with the retirement of the Speaker. In all probability Mr. Brand will be elected as the successor of Mr. Denison. Mr. Bright has written to The O'Donoghue his views on Home Rule in Ireland, as some have said that he was an advocate for it. He writes : " If it has been said by any one of any authority in the country, I shall be glad if you will contradict it. To have two representative Legislative Assemblies or Parliaments in the United Kingdom would, in my opinion, be an in- tolerable mischief; and I think no sensible man can wish for two within the limits of the present United Kingdom who does not wish the United Kingdom to become two or more nations entirely separate from each other." This letter of Mr. Bright's will, we trust, remove the last illusions of those Irish Nationalists who profess to have the sympathy of English Liberals, with their latest agitation for the dismemberment of the British Empire. The Nonconformist Conference has held meetings this week in Manchester The first evening the magnificent Free Trade Hill was crowded in every part, and a supplemental meeting was held in the Ti lends' Meeting House a large building with spacious garden lies It is s ii 1 in Manchester that nothing has been scenlikethcsemeetings since the days of the Anti Corn aw T League, when Mr Cobden Mr Bright and Mr Fox used to appear together in the Oil Free Trade Hall Some loOO 01 2000 delegates from all parts of the kingdom were present, and Mr Richard, M P, was in the chair His address was full of telling point", made late vise yet thorough and decided It was very soon evident, from the echo of the meeting that the thousands represented at the Manchester Conference had made up their mind on the education question Dr Mellor s was, perhaps, the speech of the evening he, made a most earnest appeal on behalf of a purely secular national credit nation The meetings held the next day were marked by great force and earnest- ness Mr Miall presided One of the resolutions pledged the Conference to support Mr Imcetts forthcoming motion re spectingUnneisitj Fellowships and another declared that the policy of the Endowed School Commissioners find conti evened the spirit of the Act of 1869, and the pain | ciple of religious equality The proceedings of both morning and evening meetings were characterised by unanimity and enthu 31118111 A heavy gale visited the metropolis about 3 am on Wednesday morning January 2 J accompanied with some cuts of nun Many accidents are reported and amongst them is the full of one of the huge pinnacles upon the central tower of the Westminster Palace The mass, weighing about two tons fortunately fell outside the beautiful mosaic fiasco ceiling of the con hall hall In the Electric Telegraph often, on the floor of which office the principal portion of the mass of fragments eventually lodged, the damage done is estimated at several hundred pounds Dostiuctn o floods are reported from many parts of the provinces A Hood of greater extent than has been known for forty years is now eos ering the Vale of Glamorgan Some of the Air Inges alienate the Severn are deluged Great damage is also done to shipping The Tichborne case continues to excite I unabated interest The Attorney General, in continuing his defence, has endeavored to show that the real Roger Charles Rich borne, though a young man with several ings, and a certain propensity to drink was a real gentleman at heart utterly incapable of le along the life of " a common Aus tralian thief, that his own instructions to Mr Slaughter for his will showed a complete knowledge of the family property and affairs before leaving England, of which the chum nt has shown a complete line lance The Attorney General his labelled to show that the claimant while entirely ignorant of the most elementary facts to lating to the harbour family and pi 5 per by willie sending a message to a grand father who had long been doing and beg ging for money, in Australia while he had a huge balance it Glyn's has also shown a curiously minute knowledge of facts in connection with the Orton family of which Roger 1 left home must have been ignorant One feature of the case according to the learned counsel was particularly striking The life of Roger Tichborne while he was in 1 dance was almost iltoLothci a st and book to the plaintiff, except as to one or two things that he might have learnt from the Dowager His absence of knowledge concerning his companions and course of education at Stonyhurst was likewise so marked on In fact, Sir J D Cole ridge proposes to show by vast cumulative evidence that the claimant hardly knew anything that Roger 1 left home must have known-especially how to spell his own name and in what county Tichborne Park was situated-but knew a great deal that Roger Tichborne could not have known His speech is producing a profound impression, and it has yet to be concluded A reprieve his been granted to the Rev. John Selby Watson and he will be sent to the Convict Prison at Portland Christina Edmunds has been pronounced insane and therefore the sentence of death will not be carried out M Aries Dufour is dead. He was an ardent Socialist but opposed to the method by which Socialism has generally been pursued a behoves man Arcadian future , a man who had raised himself from a comparatively humble position to be the head of the great silk firm of Lyons and London which has for so many years borne his name. He was never tired of repeating his belief in progress , the con- densation of all his favorite St Sinionian doctrines into one sentence " The Golden Age is not in the origin of humanity, but in its future " An honored guest at the last dinner of the Cobden Club he was full of talk of Pere Enfants tho master as he called him, of his youth, when he had been one of the hand of young and visionary enthusiasts who wore the dress and lived the strange life of Merri moment He believed in a time when there should be no more war, and considered that Free Trade would do more than any thing else to abolish it The policy of M J Thiers had no more determined opponent M Miles Dufour abhorred the retrograde commercial ideas of the President of the French Republic, as he hated the revival of militarism, which M liners' Budget implies . M Thiers and his Ministers have been twice defeated in the divisions on the subject of the taxation of raw material the Chamber has no longer any confidence in me " said M Thiers, ' we must therefore part he sooner had the President resigned and sent in the message to the Assembly than M Burne, in the name of the Right Centre rose to say that the previous day's Tote did not imply distrust After some discussion, an order of the day, refusing to accept M Thiers' resignation and appealing to his sense of patriotism, was carried unanimously, and a deputation was appointed to inform the President of the result When the Chain her re-assembled it was announced that M Thiers had expressed his willingness to resume the direction of affairs. Marshall McMahon solicited M. Thiers to withdraw his resignation in the name of the army, which would respect the orders of the majority of the Assembly, but would not obey dictatorship. One of the results of the last crisis in France is the annihilation of all hope of the Assembly's return to Paris at present. Fresh efforts are being made to effect a fusion of the branches of the Orleans family ; the Comte de Paris, it is said, shortly intends visiting the Comte de Chambord. A new Govern- mental scheme for the taxation of raw material, slightly differing from the first proposal, has been distributed to the depu- ties. It is only applicable as a last re- source. The Committee on the Budget has rejected the tax on salts of soda. The Government is very uneasy about the re-election of Prince Napoleon to the Council-General of Ajaccio, and the probable success of M. Rouvier in the coming election for deputy. The return of that clever and influential Bonapartist is feared by all the enemies of that fallen dynasty. The Liberal papers speak of M. Rouher's address to the electors of Corsica as impudent and audacious. The nation may not have pronounced upon its destinies, but it has certainly, the Debats maintains, pronounced against Bonapartism in every election that has taken place since the 8th of last February. 