\- ' LATEST -FROM NEW ZEALAND. ' . .A-msauamed Haley sticds charged vritb at tempted murder aod iDcendiarism. - Tho first charge whs shooting at a Mr. Ruasell while he was .sitting in bis own house, and tho second for burn ing down tho -Musio . Hull &t; Auckland. Tho. following particulars are taken from tho New Zealand RUrald of the 3rd instant:— - - On Monday night last, shortly after 12 o'clock, Mrs. Thomas Russell, who Is residing with her husband and family at tho Pa farm, situated about two miles to the north of Onehunga, heard a noise upon the verandah' as though some person 'was c-iotionsly creeping along it. Mr. Russell ;wna absentat tho time,' being in Auckland.. Wifmight horo shortly describe Mr. Russell's premises.' The Pa farm stands upon tho brow of a hill, the dwell ing-boose is at tbe very top, and there is a good deal of cover in the immediate neighbourhood, by moans of which any person might creep to withio a few yards of the bouse, even on a bright raooo. light night, without fear of detection. Tho house itself ia fully a quarter of a' mile from tbVpublio road, and is some hundred yards from any other dwelling. Mrs. Russell, hearing the footsteps, at once called out to her son--a, lad sleeping in the next room — that thoro was some, person about. The son got out.of bed nod went to.tho window. The windows of the house are glass, opening on tb'tho verandah in the French style. He drew aside the certain and put bis face close to the glass to look for tbe intruder; as he did so he saw the face of a roan peering in, and he at once draw back. Almost at the same .instant the man outside presented a revolver at hitn atld fired. The ballet was fortuoately aimed ' high, but narrowly missed Master Russell. Had be been somewhat ; taller— as tall, for' instancbV da' his father— bo must inevitably -have been. ahoVde'sd. Tho i>erson outsido then proceeded, without wait ing, to tbo next bedroom (tb&t; occupied by Mrs. Russell) and fired two shots In, succession through tho window, fortuoately nils'sing ,Mrs. Russell. Ho then went to the next room (the sitting-room) and fired two shots tbrough.'tbe window there; but without doing any horm. These threo rooms constitute the front of tho bouse. There was then a cessation. of the firing for a minute,-, when it re- commenced'at the back of - the house.'" One shot was fired Into one of the back bed-rooms which was occupied at the time, and two shots were fired into the kitchen, thus making in all eight shots. During the. whole time the occupants' remained close within, for there were no men. on the pre mises, and thoy dared not venture forth. Tb&t; so (many shots should have been fired into the house, and no one damaged/is iodeed w wonder. The assailant, haviog thus discharged eight shots, made off, leaving himself two barrels to spare in esse, we presnme,.of emergencies, and for bis own defence. It is thought that bo bad but one re volver, which ho' loaded between the-fusilladss upon tho .back -and front , of .tho house. OIoso to tho kitchen thoro is sorao shrubbery, -.and after firipg. five barrels against < the front of tho houBe, as described, the miscreant probably coocoalcd himself in this shrubbery" and reloaded to blase away again at tbe back. The firing appears to bavo.alarmcd a Mra/Parfitte, who lives in a house belonging to Mr. Russell, some., three or four hundred yards away. Oo getting up to see wbAt was the matter, she observed a man running down the hill from the direction of Mr. Russeirs house towards tbe road, and skirting" by the> shrubbery. We now proceed to speak -of the otttrage of Saturday night, which ended ia the capture aod imprisonment of Haley. ' . /'.: .> 1 Of course,' on learning what rhad occurred on Mooday night, Mr. Russell resolved to strengthen his position.. There' were oo ,tbe night' of tho outrage do men on the premises. He; however, tbo next day, engaged two strong follows to remain on watch atnigbt; forhe/eltOonvinced thatanother attempt would be mado on tbe house. On Satur day ho obtained information that an attempt would probably be made to-burn bis. house or haystack that night. How he obtained this information we are not at liberty, to make known, but it will come out In the evidence. Sitonted about eighty ore hundred vards from the bouse, were, three large stacks of hay,1 valued together at about £200. The men on duty were suddenly startled by the glore of fire, and looking in. tbe'directibn of' the stacks, saw them all three in a blaze. They were sUuaied.epart, and muBt, therefore, have been set on fire. at tho same time. An : alarm was' At once raised, and a search made, but no trace could be fonnd of tbe incendiary. Mt is thought.that the house was his M object of attack, bat-it was too well guarded for him to approach. 'Although nothing could be seen of tbe incendiary, wo should state that his whereabouts was atono time known, for a number of turkeys Bet up a great cryim. mediately after the fire was first observed. The offender is supposed to have scattered them as he clambered over the fence when making his escape; Mr. Rub9oU at once dispatched a mounted moscngcr to Auckland to give information to the police, and to ask Inspector Brobam to send out some of his roeo in Beach of. tbo incendiary. .It .was past 1 o'clock when the messenger, reached, town. Tbe inspector was at once aroused, and was soon ready with a number of constables to take the road. He and! detective Jeffrey , went on ahead, they being mounted. The inspector' gave thorn in structions' to spread themselves out andjproceed to Mr. Rouelrs by.aa many roads as possible, in the hopes of meeting the scoundrel on his return from the fire.' Jeffrey went down the Kyber Pass road — the Inspector proceeded along the Mount Edon road, intending to go by tbe mountain. It was at this time very misty io. consequence of a drizzling rain, and nothing could be distinguished at a abort distance. As tho inspector was.paBsiog along the road leading, to the gaol, he observed some one coming from the opposito direction. He nt once reined in his horse, when the man leapt tbe fence near Mr; Mear's property, and bounded away among the 'scrub.' The inspector imme diately dismounted, hitched his horse-rein over the fenco, and followed swiftly In pursuit. The fugitive gained theopeo, and rah as' though for bis very life; but. the inspector. It . seems, gained upon him. He tried hard to escape. He polled off his coat sod threw it on the ground. So did the inspector. At last, finding, he was fairly over-, come in point of speed, be drew a revolver and turned to present it. The turn proved an unlucky one for- him-at least, -for his foot caught.in a stooe sod be rolled over, droppiag'the pistol ihhs fall. Inspector Broham at ooce grappled with qiih', and they bad a desperate atrnggle on the sward. In Bis own defence the inspector was obliged to use his riding whip, which he laid pretty freely about tbe head of his opponent.' 'At this time therein ceased, and the raooo coiuiug out disclosed to the inspector the face of. Mr. Cyrus Haley,, the 'specu lator in shares; and 'lately proprietor of ibo-Ex- cbange Reading- rooms, .which wore so mysteriously burnt down a few months ago. Haley found be wm unable to cope with tbe welUraincd inspector of police, and after a few blows from the ridtog- whip be gave in; saying, " Take me, Mr. Broham ; 1 aorrendeir.".' He waa at ooce secured. He tbeo said, 4 Ah I no doubt you think you have done a vary fine ibing—a very fine thing it will be for you "—or words to that affect. Io answer to a remark' about Mr. Russell's stacks, be "replied, " You' would have done as much if it had been you." He was tbeo removed to the station. Tbe pistol dropped by Haley .was afterwards picked op bv .the police, but if was minus tbe chamber. Whether this was In. it or not when presented to Mr. Broham that goutlomao is unablq to say. A reward of £5 is offered by tho polico for Us re covery. It was subsequently, found by a man, and surrendered to tbe police nt tbe gunrd room.j By the timo Haley was removed to the lockup it was nearly 3 o'clock. 'Ho was bleeding profusely from the cuts on tho, bead.' Dr. Mak E. B. Nicholson was sent for to attend to his wounds. While doing so the doctor asked him what be had been doiug on the Onehunga Road. The reply was, " Youd have. bad your wbsck- if you'd been there. There are fifty ot us, sod I'm captain of the band." When speaking of the police, he said. Ah, they are verv strong, biit .I.havo something that will crash' them." He made several other remarks bordering on in'aauity, but tho' doctor docs not give an opinion "whether It was real or affected insanity. v Wo now come to that portion of our story which conndots Haley with tho burning of the Music- Hall and with the outrage on Uio Fa! farm on' Monday night. /' Early in tho morning the pollce proceoded to his- residence, and mode a mlcute sonrcb. In the way of firearms, they found abundance. Three revolvers, ono air-gun, and one breech-loader, besides 600 ronnds of ammunition— -all kopt in splondid condition. Hayloy Jived in Nowton, and "was" a ' married roao, .with four children; A quan tity of cloth was found exactly identical in quality with that which >was produced at tho'inqucst on the fire at tbe Music-Hall; and which was shown to have 'set that boiidlng on fire. There were besidcB several tnmblors found of o very pocullar pattern. A tumbler of preeisoly similar pattern was discovered under the nrchwAy of theMusic- Hall on theinight of the fire. It had'appnrently beeu used in throwing ker03ine oil upon the walls. A search was made by the police throughout the town at tho time; but' they could not find any- whore another of the samo pattern— yet several -snch -wore found at Uayley'a lodgings. There are also' other bits of circumstantial evidence which we ere not in a position' to relate. The bullets which had ,been fired into Mri Russell's house. on Monday, and which have since been in tho keeping of Detective Jeffrey, were producod. They were found to fit the pistol used by Hayley exactly. There, are alto other and muoh stronger links of circumstantial, evidence to connect Haley with that outrage, whtoh .we are not at -liberty to meo. tioo, and which we prefer not to mention. .When searched at the station-house yesterday morolog'a number of matches , were found in his waistcoat pocket. In the easo of a smoker this would not even bo presumptive evidence. Strange rumours are abroad with regftrd to other fires, but we do not care to repeat them. Haley will be brought up at the Police Court to- morrow. We bolieve that three charges have been entered against Mm, viz., for firing the Music-Hall, for shooting at young Mr. Russell, at the Pa, and for burnlog tho hayricks on Saturday night. , It ia said that Hayley has some animosity against Mr. Russell, inasmuch as after the fire at tbe Insurance, Build, ings,- Mr. Russell, as one of the directors of tbe Insurance Company, opposed Mr. Haley's being again allowed to occupy the premises. . Of course the destruction of the Mosic-Hall could only injure Mr. Russell by touching his' pocket as a shareholder. Whou confronted with that gentle man yesterday Haley aald, " Why should vou bAve so much gold? Why should it not be divided ?" He has also given vent to other communistic ideas, and has indeed been behaving in a very extraor dinary manner. With regaid to tbo firearms, they have been in. bis possession some time according to the statoment of Mf. Jones, of the Royal Office, In which office his furniture was insured.' -When the Exchaogo Reading-rooms were destroyed; the insurance monoy was paid to Haley, and it is said that since that time he has been very recklessly revesting in Caledonians, which ho is known to havo' bought at £160 and sold at £30. ' A curious scene (says the Melbourne Argus) was witnessed at' tho departure of j the steamer Daodenong for Sydney on tho 2nd instant. 'Alex. M'Croa, the Sydney storekeeper, whose wife eloped with ,a young squattor named Cass, pro, cccded down .to the vessel'at the wliacf, and went on board with his luggage, being accompanied by his wife, who, he believed, intended to return with him, but who it sppo8rs had taken her boxes, containing dummy luggage, to the wharf, leaving her real property bohino; as she purposed to leave the vessel at tho last moment, and remain in Melbourne. She accordingly induced her husband to go below to look after bis berth just as the vessel was about to haul off;- but apparently her intentions flashed across her husband's mind, as he anxiously— oalled her to coma- below, for -a minute to look at bis. bonk. Unsuspectingly sbo went below, to tbo -amusement 'of a number of spectators who knew tbo relations between tbo two and saw both sides of tbe game; but when she attempted to come up again her husband prc vonted her, and a considerable commotion' was heard. At last she broke loore, rushed upon deck and to the.;side of the vessel; hut here she was foiled, for there was a large gap of water between the steamer , and r the whan. : Seeing a lighter moored near aho was about jumping upon it, but hositnted, and In a moment it was too tate, Finding she could not get ashore, ".she turned her attention to ber husband, < who was, the least amused of any of tbe passengers, while tho vessel went down the river, as tbo woman had to revenge not only ber disappointment, but tbo Iosb of ber bond fide luggage, which remained stowed away. In.Melbonrno. . At the Sandhurst City Police Court, on Monday, a scene occurred which will never be forgotten by those who witnessed it ; it was", one which conld not fail to oxcite sorrow and sympathy in tho hearts of those who are most accustomed to see strange things in this country. Two meo named George Peters aod Edwin Giyde . were brought be fore the Conrt by tho mounted constable stationed at Kerang, near Swad Hill. They were Inoatics ; they were clothed in rags of tbe filthiest descrip tion, and ono of them nearly half naked, having oeitber boot to his foot nor. hat to his head. The rags which they had oo wep old and rotteo, and they seemed as If they bad been mended a'hundred times, each attempted improvement, making them woreo than before. Their hair was hanging down to their shoulders as If It had not been cut for many years, and this combined with the length of. their whiskers, tbe filth .of their bodies, and ' their/ general appearance, formed a spectacle alike shook- "ing and hideous to behold; It appeared as if they had just emerged from aome mountain . cave, and never before knew what was/civilization ; or like Rip Van Winklo bad. woke from the sleep of twenty years to find themselves, miserable, desti- tuto, and mad. The men were 'fonnd 'wandering about the. bush near , Kerang. .When first dis covered by the police they looked wild meo ; or rather, as the trooper put it, more like gorillas than human beings. One was first seen walking round a tree. He had bean obseryed.by a shepherd on the ran, who took oo. notice.' of/Mm fora few' days ; but seeing the poor creature performing tbe same endless task for two days, ho went and asked him what he was doing, to which he replied that be might as well bo walking as sitting down. Of course the shepherd tben saw that he was speak ing to a lunatic; and noticing his desperate con dltioD, he went to the police station and gave in formation. The trooper io charge rode out to the rub and took tho lunatic into custody, lodged him in the watch-houso, aod went in search of the other. The same evening as he. waa riding through the scrnb be- saw a small firo at a -distance; be pro ceeded in that direction, and on coming up to it he saw a man bending over the firo on his hands and knees, doing his best to warm his unprotected body. On . tbe constable epeakiog, the laoatlc jumped up startled, as if be aaw an apparation, and was about to flee, when be was safely secured and hurried awisy to the . watchhonse. s Oo Satur day both men were' conveyed into Sandhurst from Kerang, after having.travelled a distance of oearly 80 milea; and yesterday they wpre.bronght Jip be fore the conrt and wore ordered' to. be sent to the Yarra Bend. NotMog ia known qf their past careers, nor can anything be learnt . respecting tho manner in which ibey lived in the bush, or how long thoy have been there; but their exterior alone tells a tale of horror , and privation which word cannot describe. — Bendigo Advertiser »: February 10. Love.— -Ho took bor (ancy when be camo ; ho took ber band, he tootajkiss; ho took no notice of tbe shame that glowed her happy cbeeck at this. He took to coming afternoons' ; he took an oath he'd ne er deceive ; he took her father's silver spoons ; and after tbst he took his leave, ' A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of tho. 8th January, " About 9 o'clock, as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompaniod by two of ,Mr. Hughes' daughters, was drivlog towards Mill haveo, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near tho Lake Hotol, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed io flowing whito robes, riso .out of the grouod fthd ' oxtend her. arms right-in front of the horse.- Ti&animal; became frightened, and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, Dear me what was that?' Mr. Bayley eudesvoured to pull the horse up; baton be dashed, por could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven. Exciting Chase.— A man named Parker was taken into costody by Constable George Sparkera for Btealing two' pair of booto from Mr. Jenkin's store at Pyrmoot. After .some troublesome be haviour, Parker broke away from the coostablo near iho Sydney side of tho Pyrmont Bridge. Ho stepped on to a wall and jumped thehcetbthe Bftftio Wharf, o depth it is said, of sixteen feet. Tho constable followed Parker; who ran to the end of the wharf, turaod round, and sword; that . if Spnrkes followed, ho would drown them both to gether. The coostablo, however, nisbod at his late prisoner, who then jumped into the water and sworn towards Wright's wharf. Sparkcs followed him through tho water. Tho chase was then con tinued on the land, tbo thief running from Wright's wharfinto Sussex-street, and again taking. the water from a wharf near Druitt-street. v But Sparkes stuck to hla man, and followed him to a schooner About thirty yards to the harbor. There ho held Mm by the leg.' The man promised to. surrender if allowed to go ashore,: ana both then swam towards tho wharf. The thief determined to make another run. Getting ashore first he got on to. a lime-kilo at tho foot of' DrnHt- atreet. Ho jumped off this to tbo'ground, and then laid com- Jiletoly exhausted. Sparkes, who followed to the ast then took him into custody and marched Mm off to tbo, lockup, -Tbo chase took ' place in the presence of. several hundred people. .The most unaccountable part of the proceedings was that tho constable appears to have received no effective assistance wheroamoog somaDy, it might 'reason- ably have been looked for. Indeed, it is alleged that tbe sympathy appeared the other way, and that several stones were thrown at the constable while he w&sip; the water. — S.M. Heixtld. According to the Independent a Chilian jonrnal, the authorities of that country have Bit upon a shrewd expedient to protect the telegraphic wires and posts from the IndiaoB who were perpetually injuring them, as much from the lovo of destruc tion as from a wish to interrupt the commnnica- tions between the military posts on tho frontier.' About fifty of these Indians hod been captured by the troops of .Geoeral Pinto. This officer had them taken to the wires whith had been laid along tho ground. You see these wires 7. said ho. 4 1 have bad them laid 'down thai you may: not touch tho posts or come within reach of tfaero ; for if you touch thorn you will not be able to lot them go.' Tho/ Indiana smiled , incredulously. 4 You do not believe it?' said the General. 4 Well, you will see. Put your hands on the wires.' Tbo Indians obeyed, and at n signal from tho General an olectrio battery with which tbe wires communicated was brought into play. . Now, let tbem go if you can/ said the General. 4 It is impossible/ said tbe Indians. 4. You see that I am right; do you swear to me never again to tonch those posts?' 4 Yes, yes T said the Indians. Tbo battery now ceased to act, and the redskins were able to draw away their bands. The General, then set them at liberty, at the same time enjoin- log secrecy ; but, as : as be confidently expected, - the prisoners made all baste to inform their breth-' ren of tbe mystorions properties of the wires, and since that time tbe telcgraphio service has had nothing to fear. Constancy of Affection.— A' gentleman who had a dog of a most endearing disposition, was. obliged to go a journey periodically once a month.. His stay was short, and his departure and return ' very regular, and withont variation. Tbe dog always grow uneasy when he first lost his master, and moped in a corner, but rccoveredhimself gradually as tho time of Ms return .approached; which he koe w to auliotir, nay, to a minute. When he was convinced that Ms master was on the rosd, and at no great distance from home, he flew all over the house, and if the street door happened to be shnt, be would suffer no servant to nave any rest until it was opened. The moment he obtained his free dom, away he woot, and to ,a. certainty met Ms benefactor about two miles from town/ He played and frolicked about him tUl he' had obtained one of bis gloves, with which he ran. or rather fiew home, entered the .house, laid it down in the middle of the room, and danced round It, "VVhen ho had sufficiently amused himself io this man ner, ont of the house he flew, returned to meet his master, and ran before him, or gambolled by his , side, till he arrived with him at home, I know not (says Mr. Dlbdin, who relates this anecdote) how frequently this was repeated, but it lftBted till the old geotleman grew infirm and iocapable of continuing his journeys. The dog by this time was also growo old, and beeame at length blind; but this misfortune did not hinder. him from fond ling his master, whom he knew from every other persoo, and for whom his affection and solicitude rather increased than diminished.1 The old gentle man, after a short, illness died The dog knew, the circumstance, watched the corpse blind as he wus, and did his. utmost' to prevent tbo undertaker from screwing up tbe body to the' coffin, and inost .outrageously opposed its being taken out of tbe house. Being past hope, ho grew disconsolate, lost bis flesh, nod was evidently verging towards bis end. One day lie heard a gentleman come ib> to the house, end he ran . to Mm. His master be ing old and infirm, wore ribbed siookings for warmth. Tbe gentleman had stockings on of the same kind. The dog perceived it, and> began to exhibit the most extratravagant signs of> pleasure ; butuponfartberexArainatioo finding his mistake, he retired into a corner where in a short time he ex. pired. ... . , Abtatob of 8hftkespesre is to be erected at the corner. of Park-lane snd Hamilton-place, London. Underneath there is to be a driukiog fountain I 