THE EUSTACE DIAMONDS.* Bi Ahthont Tbollopb. Chapter UIL uzkl's sick-room. When the Hertford-street robbery was ttwe dsys old. and was still the talk of all fcetown, lime Eusiaoe was really ilL She k»d promised to go down to Sootland in com* Plkue with the advice given to her to her ttmfe Frank, and at the moment of pro* ekingwouldhavebeen willing enough to be 1 at once to Portray, had rant been j as to be beyond the visits of ^, and the authority of lawyers and aiqitTates; bat as the hours passed over her wM,and as herpreeenoe of mind returned to us. dte remembered that even at Portray she *nu. not be ont of danger, and that she «Wa op nothing in furtheranoe of her plans umne immured then. Lord George was in muapn, Frank Greystook was in London, ma Lead Fawn was in London. It was more over necessary to her that she should I husband among them—a husband,. M*wud not be leas her husband when the gwcQf that business at Carlisle should be j®»jm toali the world. She had, In fact, towi notbUkg. She endeavoured to com SS-SrShlhrT&B; ^^F^bmentfor those false oaths Wtotdh ' thonfltkfc 39. 1 hot touch that; So she '^jeaak-oppressed by some slight tn ^r.y^mnwin that respect. Were she ^ «u«o&9eto Sootiand. she must for the "**• altogether. TI to become her ...... ur, or even Th six go at once. She had more tiun< even in liopd _ shewonldaometttnes ie was violenti* % tot ( Which. •. „ «. s wMchT fiytoe^toDrese^tattvet ton tor dreams badee i regard to working life, ibrnimm:. . DiaaSoaOi" -%■■■*»>• - poyriatoc* o€ "Xhr she thought that she liked her cousin Frank better than she had ever yet liked any other human being. But, in truth, she was now in that condition, as she acknowledged to her self, that Bhe was hardly entitled to choose. Lord Fawn had promised to marry her, and to him as a husband she conceived that she still had a right,' Nothing had as yet been proved against her which could justify him in re pudiating his engagement She had, no doubt, asserted with all vehemence to her cousin that no consideration wonld now induce her to give.her hand to Lord Fawn; and when making that assurance she had been, after her nature, sincere. But circumstances were changed since that. _ She had not much hope that Lord, Fawn might be made to succumb, though evidence had reached her before the last robbery which indnced her to believe that he did not consider himself to be quite secure. In these circumstances she was un willing to leave London though she had pro mised, and was hardly sorry to find an excuse in her recognised illness. And she was ill. Though her mind was again at work with schemes on which she wonld not have busied herself without hope, yet she had. not recovered from the actual bodily prostration to which she had been compelled to give way when first told of the robbery on her retnrn from the theatre. There had been moments, then, in which she thought that her heart wonld have broken, moments in which, bat that the power of speech was wanting, she would have told everything to Lncinda Roanoke. When Mrs. Carbuncle was marching upstairs with the policemen at her heels she wonld have willingly sold all her hopes, Portray Castle, her lovers, her necklace, her income, her beauty, for any assurance of the humblest security. With that quickness of intellect which was her peculiar gift, she had soon understood, in the midst of her sufferings, that her necklace had been taken by thieves whore robbery might assist her for a while in keeping her secret, rather than lead to the immediate divulging of it. Neither Camper perdown nor Bnnfit had been at work among the boxes. Her secret had been discovered, no donbt, by Patience Crabstick, and the diamonds were gone. Bat money also was taken, and the world need not know that the diamonds had been there. But Lord George knew. And then there arose to her that question. Had the diamonds been taken in consequence of that revelation to Lord George? It was not suprising that in the midst of all this Lizzie should be really ill. She was most anxious to see Lord George; but, if what Mrs. Carbuncle said to her was true, Lord George refused to see her. She did not believe Mrs. Carbuncle, and was, there fore, quite in the dark about her Corsair. As she could only communicate with him tbrough Mrs. Carbuncle, it might well be the case that he should have been told that he conldnothaveaccesstoher. Of course there were difficulties. That her cousin Frank should see her in her bedroom—her cousin Frank, with whom it was essentially necessary that she sbould hold counsel as to her present great difficulties, was a matter of course. There was no hesitation about that. A fresh nightcap, and a clean pocket handkerchief with a bit of lace round it, and, perhaps, some pretty covering to her shoulders if she were to be required to sit up in bed, and the thing was arranged. He might have spent the best part of his days in her bedroom if he could nave spared the time. But the Corsair was not a cousin—nor as yet an acknowledged lover. There was difficulty, even, in framing a reason for her request when she made it to Mrs. Carbuncle; and the very reason which she gave was handed back to her as the Corsair's reason for not coming to her. She desired to see him because he had been so much mixed up in the matter of these terrible robberies. But Mrs. Carbuncle declared to her that Lord. George would not come to her because his name had been so fre quently mentioned in connexion with the diamonds. "You see, my dear," said Mrs. Carbuncle," there can be no real reason for his seeing you npin your bedroom. If there had been anything between you, as I once thought there would——." There was something in the tone of Mrs. Carbuncle's voice which grated on Lizzie's ear,—something which seemed to imply that all that prospect was over. "Of course," said Lizzie querulously, "I am very anxious to know what he thinks. I care more about his opinion than anybody's else's. As to his name being mixed up in it —that is all a joke." " It has been no joke to him, I can assure you," said Mrs. Carbuncle. Lizzie could not press her request Of course die knew more about it than did Mrs. Carbnnoie. Thesecret was in her own bosom,—the secret as to the midnight robbery at Carlisle, and that secret she had told to Lord George. As to the robbery in London she knew nothing,—except that it had been perpetrated through the treachery of Patience Crabstick. , Did Lord George know more abont it than she knew ? —una if so, was he now deterred by that knowledge from visiting her? " You see, my dear," said Mrs. Carbunde, "that a gentle man visiting a lady with whom he has no connexion, in her bedroom, is in itself some thing very peculiar." Lizzie made a motion of impatience under the bedclothes. Any such argument was trash to her, And she knew that it was trash to Mrs, Carbunde also. What was one man in her bedroom more than another? She could see a dozen doctors if she pleased, and ifeo, why not this man, whose real powers of doctoring her would be so much more efficacious ? "You would want to see him atone, too," continued Mrs. Oarbancl& "and, of oourae the polioe would hear of it lam not at all surprised that he should stay away." Lizzie's condition did'npt admit of much argument on her side, art she only showed her opposition to Mrs. r^'be^aUthat he knew orheard. When three days had passed —when six days, and even-when ten days were gone, nobody bed been as yet arrested. The polioe; acoording to Frank, were much on the alert, but were very secret. They either would not,** oould not, toll anything. To hjUn the two robberies, that at Carlisle and i thelastaffalt inHertford- street, were of course < thieves were not only the same, bat that I they had been in quest of the same plunder^ ana had at-lest succeeded. But Frank was J not one of these. He never tor a moment doubted that the diamonds had been token 8S^TbS?«a^ty 7tith too thieves, toffi mtobltsjyd had led to robbery.' Lizzies toes in that second robbery • tod amounted to some hundred pounds. This t^,®ory»^n501 ooturse it a|s to Lizzie. thati "Mr. Oamperdown cares abont them. I'm told he says that he can make yon pay for them ont of yonr jointure." "That .would be very terrible, of course," said Lizzie, to whose mind there was some thing consolatory in the idea that the whole affair of the robbery might perhaps remain so mysterious as to remove her from the danger of other punishment than this. "I feel sure that he couldn't do it," said Frank, " and I don't think he'll try it. John Eustace would not let him. It would be persecution." "Mr. Camperdown has always chosen to persecute me," said Lizzie. " I can understand that he shonldn't like the loss of the diamonds. I don't think, Lizzie, you ever realised their true value." "I suppose not. After all, a necklace is only a necklace. I cared nothing for it, except that I could not bear the idea that that man should dictate to me. I would have given it up at once, at the slightest word from yon.'r He did not care to remind her then, as she lay in bed, that he had been very urgent in his advice to her to abandon the diamonds, and not the less urgent because he had thought that the demand for them was unjust "I told you often," she con tinued, "that I was tempted to throw them among the waves. It was true; quite true. I offered to give them to you, and should have been delighted to have been relieved from them." "That was, of course, simply impossible." "I know it was—impossible on your part; bnt I would have been delighted. Of what use were they to me ? I wore them twice because that man"—meaning Lord Fawn— "disputed my right to them. Before that I never even looked at them. Do you think I had pleasure in wearing them, or pleasure in lookwg at them ? Never. They were only a trouble to me. It was a point of honour with me to keep them, because I was attacked. But I am glad they are gone—thoroughly glad." This was all very well, and was not without its effect on Frank Greystock. It is hardly expected of a woman in such a condi tion, with so many troubles on her mind, who had been so persecuted, that every word uttered by her should be strictly true. Lizzie, with her fresh nightcap, and her laced hand kerchief, pale, and with her eyes just glitter ing with tears, was very pretty. " Didn't somebody once give some one a garment which scorched him up when he wore it some woman who sent it because she loved the man so much ?" " The shirt, you mean, which Deianirasent to Hercules. Yes—Hercules was a good deal scorched." "And that necklace, which my husband gave me because _ he loved me so well, has scorched me horribly. It has nearly killed me. It has been like the white elephant which the Eastern king gives to his subject when he _ means to ruin him. Only poor Florian didn't mean to hurt me. He gave it all in love. If these people bring a lawsuit against me, Frank, you must manage it for me." "There will be no lawsuit Your brother in-law will stop it." " I wonder who will reallyget the diamonds after all, Frank ? They were very valuable. Only think that the ten thousand pounds should disappear in such a way." The subject was a very dangerous one, but there was a fascination about it which made it impossible for her to refrain from it "A dishonest dealer in diamonds will probably realise the plunder—after some years. There wonld be something very alluring in the theft of articles of great value, were it not that when gob they at once become almost valueless by the difficulty of dealing with them. Supposing I had the necklace 1 " I wish you had, Frank." "I could do nothing withit. Ten sovereigns would go farther with me, or ten ■hititngn. The burden of possessing it wonld in itself be almost mere than I could bear. The knowledge that I had the thing, and might be discovered in having ib would drive me mad. By my own weakness I should be compelled to tell my secret to some one. And then I should never sleep for fear my partner in the matter should turn against me," How well she understood it all! How probable it was that Lord George should tarn against her! How exact was Frank's description of that burden of a secret ati heavy that it cannot be borne alone! "A tittle reflection," con tinned Frank, "soon convinces a man that rough downright stealing is an awkward, foolish trade; and it therefore fills into the hands of those who want education for the higher efforts of dishonesty. To get into a bank at midnight and steal what little there may be in the till, or even an armful of bank notes, with the probability of a policeman catching yon as you creep ont of the chimney and through a hole, is clumsy work; but to walk in amidst the smiles and bows of admiring managers and draw ont money over the counter by thousands and tens of thousands, which yon have never putin and which you can never repay; and which, when all is done, you have only borrowed;—that is a great feat" "Do you really think so?" "Thecourage, the ingenuity, and the self confldenoe needed are sertainly admirable. And then there la scringing and almost contemp tible littleness about honesty, which hardly allows it to assert itself. The really honest man can never say a word to make those who don't know of his honesty believe that it is there. He has one foot in the grave before his -neighbours have learned that ha is pos sessed of an article for the use of which they would so willingly have paid, could they have been made to see that it was there. The dishonest man almosts doubts whether in him dishonesty is dishonest. let It be practised ever so widely. The honest man almost doubts whether his honesty be honesb unless it be kept hidden. Let two unknown men be com petitors for any place, with nothing to guide the judges but their own words and their own looks, and who can doubt but thedishoueet San would be chosen rather than the honest ? onesty goes about with « fcaqg-dog look about him. as though'knowing that he cannot be trusted till he be proved. Dishonesty Carries his eyes high, and assumes that any gutotion respecting him must be considered tobe uhUecbsaaty.' ] "Oh, Friuak, what a phllosopher you are." ■ "Well, yeaj meditating about your dia monds hasbtought my philosophy out. When do yOn think you will go to Scotland f' I euhttd|y strong enough for the journey Ife&toetaldsomiacn.;" ," Yoti Would not find it cold there by the sea-aide.1 To toll you the truth, Lizzie, I want tk get^bnfttfthis house. Tdon't mean to sayaword against Mrs.€arbancle; but after all that has Occurred, it would bebetter that you Bhould be away. People talk about you «bd LotaGetnito." . i "Hbw can I help it, Frank !" j"By gdbwaitoythat is, if I may pre tame one thing. 1 don't want to pry into ibur secteto.wT? ■ J" I bate hoho bomyok." j"Unless therTbe truth in the assertion ~ tomanyLord George "ft; it* _ 'onotWbhto atay hereinoider may be engagement! 1 w obliged to uk yon home questions, Lizzie, as I could not otherwise advise you." "Yon do, indeed, ask home questions." "I will stop at once, if they be disagreeable." " Frank, yon are false to me." As she said this she rose in her bed, and sat with her eyes fixed upon his, and her thin hands stretched out upon the bedclothes. "Yonknow that I cannot wish to be engaged to him or to any otheT man. Yon know, better almost than I can know myself, how my heart stands. There has, at any rate, been no hypocrisy with me in regard to yon. Everything has been told to yon—at what cost I will not now say. The honest woman, 1 fear, fares worse even than the honest man of whom yon spoke. I think yon admitted that he would be appre ciated at last. She to her dying-day must pay the penalty of her transgressions. Honesty in a womanthe worldneverforgives." When sbe had done speaking, he sat silent by her bedside, but, almost unconsciously, he stretched ont his left hand and took her right band in his. For a few seconds she admitted this, and she lay there with their hands clasped. Then with a start she drew back her arm, and retreated as it were from his touch. "How dare yon," she said, "preas my hand, when yon know that snch pressnre from yon is treacherous and damnable?" "Damnable, Lizzie!" " Yes—damnable. J will not pick my words for yon. Coming from yon, what does snch pressnre mean?" " Affection." "Yesand of what sort ? Yon are wicked enough to feed my love by such tokens, when yon know that yon do not mean to return it. Oh, Frank, Frank, will yon give me back my heart? What was it that yon promised me when we eat together upon the rocks at Portray T It is inexpressibly difficult for a man to refnse the tender of a woman's love. We may almost say that a man shonld do so as a matter of course,—that the thing so offered becomes absolutely valueless by the offer,— that the woman who can make it has pat herself oat of court by her own abandonment of the privileges dne to her as a woman,—that stem rebuke and even expressed contempt are justified by such conduct,—and that the fairest beauty and most alluring charms of feminine grace shonld lose their attraction when thns tendered openly in the market. No donbt snch is onr theory as to love and love-making. Bnt the action to be taken by ns in matters as to which the plainest theory prevails for the guidance of our practice, de pends eo frequently on accompanying circum stances and correlative isenes, that the theory. asoftenasnoMallstotheground. Frank could not despise this woman, and could not be stern to ber. He could not bring himself to tell her boldly that he would have nothing to say to her in the way of love. He made excuses for her, and persuaded himself that there were peculiar circumstances in her position justify ing an womanly conduct, although, had he ex amined himself on the subject, he would have found it difficult to say what those circum stances were. She was rich, beautiful, clever —and he was flattered. Nevertheless he knew that he could not many ber ; and he knew also that much as he liked her he did not love her. " Lizzie," he said, " I thinlr you hardly understand my position." "Yes, I do. That little girl has cozened you ] ont of a promise." "If it be so, yon would not have me break it." " Yes, I would, if you think she is not fltto be your wife. Is a man, such as you are, to be tied by (die leg for life, have all his ambition clipped, and his high hopes shipwrecked, because a girl has been clever enough to ex tract a word from him? Is it not true that you are in debt ?" " What of (hat ? At any rate, Lizzie, I do not want help from you." " That is so like a man's pride. Do we not all know that in snch a career, as you have marked ont for yourself, wealth, or at any rate an easy income, is necessary? Do you think that I cannot pat two and two to gether? Do you believe so meanly of me as to imagine that I should have said to you what I have said, if I did not know that I could help yon ? A man, I believe, cannot understand that love which induces a woman to sacrifice her pride simply for his advantage. I want to see you prosper. I want to see yon ' a great man and a lord, and I know that yon cannot become so without an income. An, I wish I could give you all that I have got, and save yon from the encumbrance chat is attached to it!" It might be that he would then have told her of his engagement to Lucy, and of his resolution to adhere to that promise, had not Mrs. Carbuncle at the moment entered the room. Frank had been there for above an hour, and as Lizzie was still an invalid, and to some extent under the care of Mrs. Car buncle. it was natural that that lady should interfere. " You know, my dear, you should not exhaust yourself altogether. Mr. Emilias is to come to you this afternoon." " Mr. E milius!" said Greystock. "Yes; the clergyman, Don't you remem ber him at Portray? A dark man with eyes i dose together! Yon used to be very wicked, and ray that he was onoe a Jew boy in the streets. ' Lizzie, as she spoke of her spiritual snide, was evidently not desirous or doing him much honour. " I remember him well enough. He made sheep's ewes at Miss M&cnulty;, and drank a great deal of wine at dinner." "Poor Macnulty! I don't believe a word about the wine; and as for Macnulty, I don't see why she shonld not be converted as well sa another. He is ooming here to read to me. I hope yon don't object" "Notin the least; if yon likeib" "One does have solemn thoughts some times, Frank—especially when one is ilL" "Oh, yes. Well or HI, one does have solemn thoughts; ghosts, ss It were, which will ap pear. Bntis Mr, Emilias good at laying snch apparitions?" He is a clergyman, Mr. Greystock," add Mrs. Carbuncle, with something of rebuke in herYotOSL , 1 "So they tell me. I trad not present at his ordination, but I daresay it was done acootd ing to role. When one reflects what a deal of . harm a bishop may do. one wishes that there ^as some surer way of getting bishops." ' "Do you know anything against Mr. EmMasr*akedLMe-T^ : "Nothing at jdlbut hislooks, and manners, . ^ preaches ..., s too hunch wine, ifetfa eyes at Miss Macnulty. ver spoons, Mrs. Carbuncle a have left you any. Yon the fate of your diamonds, they will endow a Protestant minora native land." 1 Mr,1Emilias did opine and read to Lady Eustaoe that afternoon. A clergyman is as privileged to enter the bedroom afasick lady arba dMotor acothdn. There was another, cleancap, and another laoed handkerchief, and tin sua occasion a little shawl over Lizzie's shoulders. . Mr% Emilias first said a prayer, wgiJSBvC. 