LADY THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER. BY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XXI. BOTH listened in breathless suspense. The sound the marchioness had heard had but been caused by the opening and closing of a door below. Martha brought her mistress' desk. Lady Thornhurst, now fully dressed, emptied the contents of her purse into her lap and counted them. There proved to be a hun- dred and fifty pounds. She counted out the sum Holm had demanded and put it in her pocket, and dropped the remaining money into her desk. "If Lord Thornhurst comes up to my room while I am out to inquire after me, do not allow him to enter," said the marchion- ess. "You must keep this secret as you have the others, Martha." "Yes, my lady," said Martha, her homely, heavy face lighting up with a glow of love and fidelity. "I would die for you, my lady, as you know, and wild horses couldn't draw from me a secret of your lady- ship's." "I wish—O, I wish that I dared tell Lord Thornhurst," said the anguished wife, wringing her jewelled hands. "He would save me from the persecutions of Captain Holm, but at what a fearful price ! The revelation would cost me all I value in this world." "It isn't necessary to make it, my lady," said Martha, soothingly. "Captain Holm will go away when he gets the money he wants, and you'll see no more of him. My lady—" "Well, Martha?" "Did Ciaptain Holm speak of little Miss Georgia ?" The mother caught her breath sharply. "I asked him about her, and he refused to answer me," she said, drearily. "I don't know whether she is living or dead, but I think she lives. Think of it, Martha, my pure little golden-haired girl in the power of that bad man! He has no love for her, and I fear he will wreak upon her the vengeance he has vowed against me." She moaned with a fierce despair. Controlling herself by a stern effort, she drew her shawl about her shoulders, un- locked the door, and passed out into the hall. Martha immediately locked the door behind her. The marohioness crossed the long upper hall, lighted by a hanging lamp, and looked down over the balusters into the lower hall. The hall porter, who usually lounged near the door in a carved, high-backed Gothic chair, dedicated to his express use, was ab- sent from his post. He was, in fact, flirting with a pretty housemaid at that moment on the basement stairs. Lady Thornhurst glided down the stairs as silently as any ghost, flitted into the morning-room, thence into the conservatory. The garden door was locked, but the key was in the lock. She opened the door, and sped softly and silently out into the night. The gardener was gone to the lodge, and there were none to question or wonder at the lady's movements. She kept off from the walks, that she might not be seen from any window, and ran over the damp grass to- wards the appointed rendezvous. About midway of the wide tree-arched avenue, she came upon her enemy. He was walking to and fro, his cloak folded tightly about him. At her approach he slunk be- hind a tree at the side of the avenue ; but when she halted and called to him softly, in a low, frightened voice, he came forth sulkily. "Here I am," he said. "I supposed you were never coming. I was just on the point of going up to the house and asking to see you." "I came as soon as I could," said Lady Thornhurst. "I have brought you the money you wanted, Digby. Here it is." She gave him her purse. He put it in his pocket without looking at it. "I must go back now," she said, hur- riedly. "But I have one thing to say first. I have money, Digby, and I will buy your silence as to our mutual past. Heaven knows I was the one who was wronged, but I have to bear the whole burden of sorrow. Do not come to me again. But if you need money, write to me under cover of my maid, Martha Bates." "Martha is with you still, then? I'll think over your suggestion. If I should need money, I won't hesitate to apply to you." Lady Thornhurst drew a little nearer to the man who had been her first husband. "Digby," she said, tremulously, "I want news of my child. Give me news of her, and I will pay you well. Let me only see her face again and I will give you any reward—even a thousand pounds. Only one look at her face, only to hear her voice call me mother. Digby, have mercy ! My whole soul cries out for my child. Let me see her, in the name of heaven !" "You would give a thousand pounds to see her ?" asked Holm, meditatively. "Willingly—gladly." Holm became more intensely thoughtful. "It would not do to bring her here," he said. "If I'll agree to let you see the girl in a fortnight from now, will you come up to London for the purpose ?" "Yes, yes ! You will let me see her ? You are not so bad and hard, after all !" sobbed the marchioness, hysterically. "Say that I shall see her in a week—" "A fortnight !" repeated Captain Holm, decisively. "I'll send you a note first, under cover to Martha Bates. You need not think to take the girl from me, or to prove your- self keener than I am in this business. You may see her for a thousand pounds cash. You may have her to yourself for a whole hour, and not a minute more. You agree to this ?" Lady Thornhurst assented dumbly. "Then that is settled. Now about your- self, Ignatia. I heard your interview with your husband in the conservatory, as you know. He's a fiery-souled man, is he not ? Why has he the soul of an Othello under his fair Saxon exterior ? He hates divorces. Ha, ha ! He hates divorced women. He, he ! And he won't allow his wife to associate with an innocent woman who has had to procure a divorce—not he! Ha, ha ! I should be afraid of offending him if I were you. Why, he's like a seething volcano whose sides are encrusted with snow. Your happiness with him is built on a precarious foundation." The marchioness did not reply. Possibly she could not. "Between two fires—jealousy and hatred —you are in danger of being scorched," observed Holm, with a sneer. "I will agree to keep your secret for the present. I find a sweet joy and revenge in seeing your sufferings at the hands of your second husband. I was delighted to hear him ex- press sentiments in regard to divorce pre- cisely similar to those I entertain. I wonder what he would say if he knew how you had deceived him ? I wonder what he would say if he knew that his own wife was a divorced woman ? I wonder what he would say if he knew your first husband yet lived—that he loves you still—that he is jealous of my lord's claims upon you, and that he sees you by stealth on the lawn of Thornhurst ?" "I never meant to deceive my husband, Digby Holm," said the marchioness, tremu- lously. "When I married him I called my- self a widow, for I had heard that you were dead. Your letter announcing your re- covery from illness came on the very day of, and after, my marriage to Lord Thornhurst. I dared not tell him then. I lived in con- stant terror until I heard that you had died in the war of rebellion in America. Then I dared to breathe freely. If you seek re- venge upon me, Digby Holm, for seeking a divorce from you, and refusing to share with you my father's wealth, you should be con- tent. I have been very happy and blest in my second marriage ; but there has been one void in my heart that none could fill. If I only knew that my little Georgia was dead and safe in heaven—innocent, pure, and happy ! But fearing that she lives, I am tortured continually." "We will not talk of her now," said Holm. "Lord Thornhurst has some peculiar idiosyncrasies, and some eminently just ideas. For instance, he spoke of that Mrs. Falconer as 'the wife of two husbands.' The clergyman said over us 'whom God has joined together, let no man put asunder,' and I do not recognise the rights of the divorce court in the matter. You are my wife still, say what you will. You may con- sider yourself as only the wife of Lord Thornhurst ; but even you must feel that I have a peculiar claim upon you. The father of your first-born child can never be to you a stranger. You may hate him, but will always have a keen and peculiar interest in your sight. You cannot deny this." Lady Thornhurst looked back towards the house. "I must go," she said ; "they will miss me." "One word, Ignatia, and you may go. We have been lovers—husband and wife. We are enemies now. Yet I tell you frankly my hatred for you is half perverted love. Your beauty fires my heart. Kiss me, wife, as in the old days before I was fickle and you were implacable and remorseless." He sprang to her side and put his arms around her supple waist. He drew her to him, and tried to kiss her. She struggled with him, panting and breathless. She beat him off with her clenched hands, saying— "Do not dare to call me wife. Take your hands off me, vile wretch. Dare you insult a lady—the wife of an honourable man? Back, coward and villain !" Holm laughed, mocking at her. Then, putting her hands down firmly in his fierce clasp, he covered her face with kisses. She fought him vainly. When at last he re- leased her, still gasping, she struck him fiercely full in the face with her hand, and darted away, sobbing with anger and shame. Holm looked after her with a glow of sinister joy, and then turned to find egress at a small gate in the distant wall at which foot-passengers were wont to enter. And as he went, he muttered— "I've had the first instalment of my re- venge. How I humbled her haughty soul ! I believe she could have killed me for my daring. How my face tingles ! She has found her master. And I found how to lengthen out my revenge—how to torture both him and her—how to make her life a burden, so that she will be tempted to des- troy herself. Before I work matters up to the crisis I intend, I will manage to secure a good share of her property. She will be my gold mine." Laughing softly, he made his egress froin the Thornhurst grounds, and set out upon his return to Collingham, there to take the morning train for London. Lady Thornhurst walked about in the night air upon the wet grass until she had grown composed. Then she re-entered the conservatory, and secured the door. Crossing the morning-room she looked into the hall. The porter was absent at his dinner. "I have not been missed," thought her ladyship. "I can slip up to my room un- seen." She flitted across the great hall, and be- gan to ascend the great staircase. Half-way up she paused, clutching at the balusters. Lord Thornhurst was outside her chamber door, holding parley with Martha. "Let me in, Martha," he was saying. "I must see whether her ladyship is worse or better." "I cannot, my lord," the marchioness could faintly hear in muffled response. "My lady cannot be disturbed. If your lordship will allow her to finish her sleep, she will soon be quite well." "She is asleep then? Why didn't you say so at once ?" exclaimed Lord Thorn- hurst, in tones of relief, speaking lower than before. "I will come up again in an hour. If she wakens, call me." He came along the hall to the stairs. At the sight of her ladyship's draggled gar- ments, her wet shawl, her ghastly face, the marquis started in amazement. "Ignatia!" he ejaculated, "what does this mean?" "I have been out into the fresh air," said Lady Thornhurst, wearily. "I told Martha not to let you know, lest you should be alarmed, or seek me. I am tired, and will go to bed." She finished the ascent of the stairs. As she essayed to pass him, he put out his arm to clasp her to him ; but she broke from him, his caress recalling the insult she had just received from Holm. She brushed her cheek with her hand, as if to brush away the unhallowed kisses her enemy had forced upon her, and moved towards the door of her room. "Ignatia !" said the marquis, in tender reproach, "my wife, why do you shrink from me ?" "I am not well—I am not myself," she said, pantingly. "Don't be angry, Antony. To-morrow I shall feel better." She knocked at her door. Martha opened it. Lady Thornhurst entered her room, and when her husband would have followed her, closed the door almost in his face, and locked it. The marquis stood a few moments watch- ing the door of his wife's room in perplexity and alarm, and then turned and slowly des- cended the stairs, sighing heavily. "I feel as if trouble were brooding over us," he thought. "Can that frightened, sorrowing woman be my bright, loving Ignatia ? She looks as if she had suffered some great mental shock. Can her mind be suddenly unsettled ? Or is there mys- tery in her sudden illness which I cannot guess ?" At the foot of the stairs Lord Thornhurst was met by a housemaid, who informed him that the chief keeper of the conservatory wanted to see him immediately and very par- ticular. The man was waiting in his lord- ship's private business ofice, and thither the marquis turned his steps. CHAPTER XXII. Captain Holm, well-pleased with the train he had laid for undermining the happiness of the Marquis and Marchioness of Thorn- hurst, leisurely pursued his journey through the gloom of the dark December night back towards Cottingham. The wind still blew in strongly and with a salt odour from the sea. The air was heavy and moist, with a strange, penetrating chill, that made its way through all his wrappings to the very bones of the traveller. The gloom was barely light enough to permit Holm to see his way. In that portion of the road bordered on both sides by the woods of Thornhurst the darkness was al- most impenetrable ; but a mile or two farther on, where fields and meadows, separated from the highway by tall hedges, stretched on either hand, the dense gloom greatly lessened. Holm walked on, swinging his arms, over the rough Yorkshire roads, passing now and then some pleasant country lane of which the December winds had stolen the bright- ness and verdure. Three hours of steady exertion brought him to Cottingham. It was then about ten o'clock, and Holm had no difficulty in finding an inn and securing a lodging for the night. The next morning he departed by train for London. On arriving in town, he proceeded to a quiet hotel at the West-end, which he had formerly patronised, and settled himself into agreeable quarters. His next movement was to begin a search for little Georgia, or Tessa, as he had chosen to name her. The task was one of peculiar difficulty. Nine years had passed since the pale London clerk had rescued the child from the cruel hands of the repulsive Mrs. Kiggs, and not a trace or clue to his name or identity could be found. He might be dead. He might have emigrated to New Zealand, or some other distant British colony. The girl, too, might have died ; or she might have aban- doned her protector, and gone out upon the world to earn her own living. Holm made those reflections, in his pleas- ant chamber at his hotel, with a bottle of wine at his elbow, and a pipe and a jar of tobacco in front of him. "I am sure I don't know which way to turn in looking for her," he muttered. "I don't like to employ a detective. I should have to pay out money no end to one of them, and get no good by it. I'll stake my- self against any detective in the matter of sharpness and intuition. I outwitted them pretty well when I carried off the child fourteen years ago. Let me see. She must be seventeen now. Makes a fellow feel old to have a daughter of that age. I think, as the clerk was no doubt an honest, plod- ding chap, I'll come out openly and advertise for him. He actcd upon the idea. He rang his bell and ordered up writing materials. They were brought. Holm placed them upon a small table, which he wheeled up to a window, the day being grey and gloomy, like most winter days in London, and sat down, pipe in mouth, to concoct an advertise- ment which should effect the object he de- sired, without betraying him to Colonel Redruth or Lady Thornhurst, should either chance to read the advertisement. "I have no fist for this sort of business," thought Holm, as he spoiled sheet after sheet of Bath letter-paper ; "but I'll get it to suit me before I give up the task. The difficulty is just here—to say enough, and not say too much. In this delicate affair I can't be too guarded." After nearly an hour's diligent labour, oc- casionally relieved by puffs at his pipe and sips from his wine-bottle, he achieved what he considered a decided success. Withdraw- ing his pipe from his mouth, he read aloud the notice he had penned. It was brief, and to the following purport :— If the London cleric who removed little Tessa from the Pig and Thistle nine years ago—in April, 1855—will send his address to D. H., Chapley's Hotel, Piccadilly, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage. Captain Holm studied this advertisement closely, and could find no flaw in it. "Ignatia might read that and never think that it in any way interested her," he thought. "That was a good idea of mine —that of changing the child's name. Ig- natia was insufferably insolent to tell me that day at Twickenhlam that she had named the child Georgia Redruth, after, as she ex- pressed it, 'an honorable man'—the doughty, war-eyed colonel, of course. No child of mine should be named Georgia Redruth, I can tell her. I preferred to give the child an odd, piquant little name by which I might know her if I met her at Spitzbergen. She is known as Tessa to-day, and her name will, without doubt, assist in the identification. One may find a hundred Georgias where there is not a single Tessa." He put the notice he had written in his purse, after duplicating and re-duplicating it, and donned his topcoat and hat, seized an umbrella, and made his way down into the street. Standing at the corner, he hailed a hansom cab, and gave his order "Printing-house- square." It was a long, jolting ride, through streets more or less impeded by traffic ; but Holm reached the grim square at last, and alighted, making his way to the Times office. He presented his advertisement at the proper office, but found, to his dismay, that it could not appear in the paper under three days. "Of course the advertisement has got to appear in the Times," he thought. "All merchants take the Times, and the fellow would be sure to see it. I shall have to be patient, that's all." He procured the insertion of the "per- sonal" notice in the famous second column of the paper, and having paid for it took his leave. "The fellow may be a radical, a red re- publican, or a pot-house brawler," thought Holm, making his way back to his hansom. "I shall have to insert the notice in a few of the penny papers of the various kinds a person of any of those characters would be apt to see. Jehu," he added, aloud, pausing by the side of the cab to address the driver, who sat perched up behind, wrapped in a coat with multitudinous capes, "drive to Fleet-street and the Strand." "Yes, sir," said the driver, gathering up his reins. Holm entered the cab, and continued his journey among the printing-offices. The Telegraph and three other dailies received his advertisement, promising insertion with- out the delay of the Times. Well pleased with his day's work, Holm returned to his hotel. The next day, having nothing to do, he set himself to learn the whereabouts and condition in life of his former friend and admirer, Ensign Todhetly, who had sold out of his regiment and quitted Canada at about the same time Holm had sold his commis- sion and began a roving life upon the American continent. Captain Holm only knew that his old friend had returned to England. A study of the manual of the County Families re- vealed to him the fact that Todhetly had succeeded to his father's estates in Dorset, and that he was unmarried. Acting upon the impulse of the moment, Holm wrote to his former friend, announcing his own return to England, and expressing a desire to hear from Todhetly. He despatched this letter, albeit with some fear that his old friend might have changed his mode of life, and be- come steady and quietly respectably. The week wore on. The advertisements in which Holm hoped so much were not answered. No pale clerk appeared at Chap- ley's Hotel, and demanded to see "D.H." sad learn "something to his advantage." Holm repeated the publication of the notice without effect. He began to despair, making up his mind that the clerk had emigrated, or that the girl and clerk, one or both, were dead. He was sitting in his room one morning sulkily despondent, and quite at his wit's end to know what to do next, when a thundering knock was heard at his door, and a man came boisterously into his room. Holm arose angrily to resent the intrusion, when the man uttered a loud laugh, which Holm instantly recognised. "Todhetly, by all that's wonderful !" ejaculated Holm, springing forward and ex- tending his hand. Todhetly grasped it with a force that brought tears to Holm's eyes. "You've changed, Tod, since we parted," said Holm, surveying his friend critically. "But for that horse-laugh of yours, I shouldn't have known you. How are you, old boy ? You've come into your property at last, eh ? The old gentleman can't cut you down on your allowance nowadays, I under- stand ?" "No, indeed," said Todhetly, with another laugh. "I'm my own master now, Holm. Not a soul in the world—not even a wife—to hamper me. Glad to see you back. I heard you'd got shot out in America, and, by Jove ! when I was up in Lincolnshire I told that grenadier of a Miss Jacob Redruth that you were done for at last. How has the world served you, my boy ?" "Nasty, as usual," answered Holm. "You seem to have all the luck. My governor cut me years ago—took my name out of his will, and all that, you know. But I've fallen heir to a little property since. I came back—a regular fine income, you understand—and I can afford to snap my fingers at the Holm family. Have you turned 'proper,' Tod ? You hav'nt put on your father's cant with his shoes, eh ?" "Not I," declared Todhetly, flushing as under an insult. "Do I look like a Methodist ?" Holm could not say that he did. Todhetly was a tall, florid man, nearly forty years old, with a round, ruddy face, and light-coloured eyes. He was heavy in form and feature ; not too quick of apprehension fond of his table and his wine, given, as of old, to riotous living. In Dorset, where he lived, he was known as the "wild young squire." He had been justice of the peace, and still held that office, unfit as he was for it. He was fond of follow- ing the hounds, was a skilful fox- hunter, and kept a yacht off the Dorset coast. He was a better at every race of note in England, and generally entered a horse at the minor races with a greater or lesser degree of success. People in Dorset said that he was doing his best to fritter away a fine estate. He was, in short, boisterous, rollicking, wild, and not at all troubled with scruples of conscience. There is an old saying to the effect that a man who is given to laughter can never be a villain. Yet every rule has its exceptions. The greatest apologist for Tom Todhetly could not deny, despite his boisterous laugh, that he had a capacity to become a villain of a decidedly ruffianly description. "Sit down," said Holm, proffering a chair. "I'll ring for brandy. I suppose you enjoy life down in Dorset ?" "I manage to," answered Todhetly. "I've got a young horse in training for Ascot— regular stunner. Perhaps you've heard of him. Name's Blue Jacket. No ? What a benighted region those Southern States of America must be ! Blue Jacket is sure to win the Cup this year. Nobody suspects his speed. Dark horse, you understand." Holm rang for brandy, and the two men spent hours in drinking and recalling the past. It came out that Todhetly had come up to London for the express purpose of taking back with him to his bachelor establishment his old friend. Holm could not go at once, desiring to keep his appointment with Lady Thornhurst, and to win the thousand pounds offered him for an interview with Tessa ; but he promised to run down to Dorset in a fort- night's time, and with this promise Todhetly was forced to be content. The Dorset squire remained in town a day or two ; but fearing to leave his beloved Blue Jacket too long to the care of trainers, re- turned home, urging Holm to follow him as early as possible. "Business before pleasure," soliloquized Holm on being left again alone. "Friend- ship must wait upon revenge. I've got a big game on hand, and although I am will- ing to amuse myself in the interludes, I must adhere to business." His advertisements having availed him nothing, he set to work to devise some new plan for discovering Tessa. Some two or three days thus passed, and his mind was still in a state of chaos. At last the idea came to him to visit the inn at Plymouth, the address-card of which Dennis had innocently given to Mrs. Kiggs in the stead of his own. He fancied that by turn- ing over the books at the Plymouth inn, he might find the name and address of the London clerk who had befriended Tessa. He went down to Plymouth at once ; but he found that the inn had been destroyed by fire some years before, and that the books and registers had been burned with it. Its proprietor had emigrated to Australia. Nothing remained but to journey back again to London. Two weeks passed, and still Holm sent no message to Lady Thornhurst to come up to town. He began to fear that after all he should be balked of his revenge. He grew nervous, irritable, desperate. It was about this time that he strolled into the Haymarket Theatre one evening to lose his burning sense of disappointment in witnessing a new play. He sat out half the performance, and then arose between the acts, wearied and disgusted, and made his way out into the street. He paused at the entrance to the theatre, uncertain whether to return to the hotel or to take a stroll through the streets. In the midst of his uncertainty, his wandering gaze rested upon a group of unfortunate women, such as are accustomed to haunt the doors of theatres by night. Looking beyond those women, Captain Holm beheld, standing upon the side-walk, a young girl with a basket of flowers upon her arm. She held in her hand two or three buttonhole bouquets ; and as she met the captain's gaze, she held them up, soliciting his patronage. Holm walked slowly towards her, looking at her closely. She was about seventeen, if one might judge from her features, which were how- ever half hidden in the shadow of a thin shawl, drawn tightly over her head, and pinned together on her breast. She was hoopless, and her garments were old and coarse, and hung in tatters. Her toes peeped through her worn shoes, of which latter the strings dangled upon the ground. Her flowers were of a cheap description. Captain Holm bent over her basket and en- gaged in the selection of a bunch of violets that were not utterly wilted. Looking up abruptly, and with a purpose, he met her full gaze. "Her eyes are blue," he said to himself ; "I thought so !" He selected a penny bunch, and dropped a sixpence in the basket, declining to receive any change. "This is a hard way to get a living," he observed, sympathizingly. "Indeed, you may say so, sir," responded the girl. "Some of these flowers are left over from yesterday, as you see, sir, and they're a dead loss, though I offer them for a ha'penny the bunch. They help fill out the basket, and that's all, sir." "Do you have anybody to support besides yourself ?" asked Holm. "No one, sir ; I'm all alone." "What, have you no father nor mother ?" "No, sir," answered the girl, bitterly. "I s'pose I had once, like other folks ; but I don't remember 'em. They didn't care nothing about me, anyhow, nor I don't care nothing about them." "With whom do you live, then ?" "I live alone—that is, I lodge with an old flower-woman along with some other girls in this business. The old flower- woman brought me up ; but she's no rela- tion to me." "Ah !" said Holm, thoughtfully. Then, as one member of the group at a little distance came near, full of curiosity to overhear the conversation, Holm added, abruptly— "Walk down with me towards Trafalgar- square. I want to talk with you, and I don't want these women to overhear us." The girl's face flushed. "I-I can't go," she said, sturdily. "I am an honest girl, sir." "So much the better !" exclaimed Holm. "I'm an honest man too. I don't mean you any harm. In fact, if you will do as I say, I will do you a great good. It will do you no hurt to come down the street with me. If you don't like what I say, why, you know the way back. No one can harm you in the street. Will you come ?" "It can do no harm for me to walks along of you, sir," muttered the girl, after a search- ing glance into his bloated, satyr-like face, reading neither admiration nor insult in it. "It would look better for you to go ahead, sir, and I will follow." Holm lead the way through Pall-mall to Trafalgar-square. He halted under a gas lamp at Charing-cross for the girl to come up. She advanced and stood beside him, with something of wonder and something of ap- prehension in her features. "What is your name ?" asked Holm, pretending to explore her flower-basket. "Jina Galgy," was the response. "Jina what ?" ejaculated Holm. "Why, that's a heathen patronymic. Jina—" "It's the best I've got," snapped the girl, sulkily. "Poor folks have to have such names as is give to 'em. My whole name was Georginy Galgy, but it got shortened to Jina. If all you wanted of me, sir, was to poke fun at my name, I'll go back to the Haymarket." "I wasn't laughing at your name, girl," protested Holm, aloud, while within himself he mentally added, "Georgina ! that's a coin- cidence ! For all I know, this girl may be my own daughter. Her history is certainly am- biguous enough." Dropping the flowers he held, he said, coming to the point at which he had been aiming— "Drop your shawl on your shoulders, my girl, and let me see your face. If your face suits me, I'll tell you something. If it don't, I'll give you a shilling and send you back." The girl felt relieved. "He's a painter chap," she thought, "like the one that painted my picture last year. If my face suits him, I'll get a guinea for sitting for him, I'll be bound !" Smiling at the prospect she had conjured, she dropped her shawl from her face and neck, and stepped into the full glare of the gas- light. CHAPTER XXIII. The face which the flower-rgirl thus fully revealed to Captain Holm for the first time since their chance meeting was certainly pretty, although it was marred by a bold look, and an expression of shrewdness, and cunning. Her prettiness was of a pure blonde type. Her complexion must have been originally very fair, but was now tanned and roughened by years of exposure to the weather. Her hair was of a pale golden hue, a little faded in tint, and gathered tightly into a hard knot at the back of her head. Her eyes were blue —a bright China blue—and bold and un- winking. Her beauty had a washed-out look, but was sufficiently marked and distinct to make a profound impression upon Captain Holm. "I think if she were rightly got up," thought Holm, "that she could be imposed upon Ignatia in the place of little Tessa. Why not ? Blue eyes, golden hair, and originally delicate complexion, she may look precisely like little Tessa. Who is to know the differ- ence? '' The girl's figure was good, although giving promise of stoutness. Her hands and feet were small. Holm regarded her in the light of a speculation, and did not fail to notice all these points. "Well," said the girl, brusquely, "will I suit ?" "I am looking, and have been looking for the past fortnight, for a girl of your age and appearance," said Captain Holm, with seem- ing frankness. "You may be the very girl I am searching for. Your hair and eyes answer the description." "Do you want to paint a picture ?" de- manded the girl. "No ! The girl I'm looking for is the daugh- ter of a rich lady." T'he girl's face flamed suddenly ? her lips quivered with eagerness ; her bright blue eyes shone and glittered with a fleeting radi- ance. "Do you think I'm the girl ?" she ejac- lated, laying one grimy hand upon the delicate kid glove of Holm in her anxiety. But no, I cannot be. The woman I live with says my folks were somebody, but they 'bandoned me —hired Mrs. Walters to keep me, you know. They paid her a year or two, and then dropped off, and never so much as asked if I were livin'. I don't remember none of my own folks." There was a vein of romance in the flower- girl's nature, as Holm thus perceived. 'He was the man to takle advantage of it in a manner to benefit himself. He did not quite credit her rpmanti6 story of herself, yet it was quite evident that she believed it. In good truth, the flower-girl's history was simple, and without a spice of romance. She was the daughter of hucksters, who lived in Whitechapel. The mother had died in the girl's infancy. The father, with an eye to dis- burdening himself of his offspring, had hired the flower-woman, Mrs. Walters, to take charge of her, and had paid her for doing so for a year or two. At the end of that period, he had moved suddenly to new quarters, pur- posely neglecting to inform Mrs. Walters of his change of address, and he was at that very moment somewhere over in Surry, living in a crowded alley, with a vigorous, snappish, second Mrs. Galgy, and a crop of red-haired children. Mrs. Walters had kept the girl to sell flowers, her pretty face attracting customers. Mrs. Walters was a woman given to drinking gin, and although she well knew Jina's pedi- gree, she kept it to herself. The girl had attended a theatre several times, and her imagination, thus stimulated, had con- trived a very pretty romance of which she was the heroine. As her fancies in no way interfered with her attention to business, Mrs. Walters did not take the trouble, if she was aware of them, to undeceive her. "You may be the girl," said Captain Holm, artfully. "I don't see why not. The girl I'm looking for is seventeen." "I'm seventeen," interrupted the flower- girl, eagerly. "The girl I'm looking for was stolen from her mother by her father, who put her with a poor woman to board, and then abandoned her." "That is something like me," cried the girl. "The girl I want is named Georgina." "My name is Georginy." "I think you are the girl," said Holm. "I'm willing to risk something in the matter. The lady who wants to find her daughter is rich and noble." "Like the ladies who sit in the boxes at the theatre? Does she wear diamonds, and lace, and silk ?" "Yes, all of those. She lives out in the country, but is coming to town to see her daughter. Here is a chance for you, Geor- gina. If you choose to abandon your present mode of life, I can promise you a better. But you must agree to cast aside your basket of flowers now and here, and not to go back to Mrs. Walters, nor to attempt to see any of your old friends." "Not to see any of my old friends" re- peated Jina, thoughtfully, half regretfully. "Is there any old friend you want to see ?" asked Holm. "Only Kit Asko. He's a theatre carpen- ter, and as handsome as a picture. He and me is engaged—but, of course, if I'm a great lady I can't marry him," and a shadow crossed the girl's face. "Kit was always good to me. He never comes to see of a Sunday without his pockets full of winkles and prawns and shrimps. He's free-handed, is Kit, and he sets the world by me. I don't know as any rich relations would be to me as Kit is. I should like to see Kit." "Oh, very well," said Captain Holm, coldly ; "if you want to go back to your miserable home, go. Our negotiations end here in that case." He turned to go away. As he expected, the girl detained him. "Wait, sir," said she, irresolutely. "Sup- pose I give up Kit, and then should prove not to be the lady's daughter—what then ?" "Then I'll give you twenty pounds, and let you go home to your humble friends," said Holm, promptly. "The lady must see you, and if she accepts you as her child, you'll be provided for. If not, you'll be the gainer any how." The girl meditated. She was vain, and had an absolute longing for dress and jew- ellery and ease. In her heart she had little or no faith that she was the girl of whom Holm was in search, and she was shrewd enough to see that he desired her to play a part in some imposture to be practiced upon the lady to whom he referred. But she had never possessed a whole sovereign in her life. The promise of twenty pounds in the event of her return to her present mode of life, actually dazzled her. The possibility of rejecting Holm's overtures after receiving that promise did not occur to her. "I'll go with you, sir, since I am to lose nothing by it," she said, slowly. "Shall we go now ?" She dropped her basket of flowers upon the pavement in readiness to start. "You are not to go with me to-night," said Holm. "Do you know of any cheap lodging-house where you can stay till morn- ing, and where no one will question you ?" The girl nodded. "Go there then. In the morning buy for yourself decent shoes, and a fresh gown and bonnet, and so on. Make yourself look like a lady, if possible. If I give you two pounds will you dress yourself in the morn- ing, and come to me at midday at Chapley's Hotel, Piccadilly? You will not cheat me ?" The girl faced him honestly, promising to be at Chapley's Hotel at the hour appointed. "I'll trust you," said Captain Holm. "It's a risk, but I'll take it. Here's your money," and he handed her a couple of sovereigns. "Ask for Captain Holm, room 80\. If you are the girl I want, or if the lady takes you without question to be that girl, you shall have silks and jewels like any lady of them all. If she refuses to be- lieve that you are the girl, you shall go back to your flower-woman and stage carpenter with your new clothes and twenty pounds in your pocket. You must ask no questions. You must obey me. Is it a bargain !" "It is, sir," the girl answered, jingling the two coins in her hand. "You may depend upon me, sir. I'd like to be a lady, and I do hope the lady will take me for her daughter." Holm talked with her still further, and then dismissed her, returning to his hotel. "A good idea, if it will only work," he thought. "It all depends upon Ignatia's motherly instinct. This flower-girl has a look not unlike Tessa. As to her vulgarity and ignorance, they may disgust Ignatia. I'll try the experiment anyhow. The girl is vain and shrewd, and would do anything for money, except sell herself. The instinct of virtue is strong within her, and that may commend her to Ignatia. I can train her— yes, I'll try it." Having thus decided, he went out the next morning and secured lodgings for the girl in a quiet street opening out of Piccadilly, des- cribing the girl as his daughter, and paying a week's rent in advance. He then returned to his hotel. At noon precisely a knock was heard upon his door, and in reply to his summons the flower-girl entered. She was looking anxious and somewhat haggard, as if she had slept little ; but her air of complacency and self-satisfaction was very marked. She had attired herself after her ideas of elegance in coloured shoes, a thin and flimsy silk of ancient pattern, bought at a second-hand clothesdealer's, and a white crape shawl, which had been often cleaned, and which was of a most dazzling whiteness. A round hat, ornamented with a long white feather, very tight and very cheap white kid gloves, and a gold-plated chain that fell be- low her waist, completed her costume. Holm looked at her in dismay ; but as she came forward with the vain air of a peacock, he recovered his equanimity, and greeted her politely. "Is the lady here?" asked Jina, glancing curiously around the room. "No ; she is still in the country. She may not come to town for a week. I have secured lodgings for you, where you are to remain until she comes. Remember that you are to be called Miss Holm." The girl assented, and Captain Holm, put- ting on his hat and top-coat, took her round into Albermarle-street. The lodgings he had secured were quiet and respectable, consisting of a sitting-room and bedroom. Jina's meals were to be served to her by her landlady. The girl's wonder and delight were worth witnessing as she entered the well-furnisthed lodgings and com- prehoended that she was their mistress. That she had done well to desert Mrs. Walters and her lover, became no longer a question with her. She was delighlted at her good fortune, and would not have deigned to recognise her humble friends could they have but intruded upon her at that moment. In short, her hend was completely turned by the change in her life, and she was beginning to reason herself into the conviction that her good fortune was all deserved, and that she was some great heiress who had been all her life defrauded of her rights. Holm called up the landlady and intro- duced Jina as his daghter. When the portly woman had gone below to her domain, after a long interview with her lodger and Holm, the girl fixed her bold eyes on the captain, and said— "You told her I was your daughter. What was that for ?" "Because I desire you to be thought such," was the reply. "I do not wish to enlighten you too much concerning my plans, my girl, and you must remember that you are not to ask questions. When the lady comes whom I expect, I want you to rush towards her and call her mother. You must do it naturally, as if you believed her to be your mother. If you can persuade yourself so, so much the better." He remained an hour or so with his pro- tegee, and then returned to his hotel. He sat down in his room and wrote a note to Lady Thornhurst, under cover to her maid, Martha Bates, in these words :—"The child is with me. Come to the inclosed address within a week. Telegraph." To this missive he appended his name and Jina's address, and despatched it at once. The scheme which he had now in progress required considerable finesse, and the decep- tion involved in it gave him a keen and savage delight. It seemed to him that if he could succeed in imposing upon the Marchiness of Thornhurst this street waif as her offspring, and receive pay from her ladyship for so doing, he would be securing the first instal- ment of that vengeance to execute which had become the mania of his life. "Let her lavish her kisses upon this vulgar and ignorant little beggar," he thought, with a diabolical glee. "Let her clasp her to her heart and weep over her. If she don't know of her own instinct that the girl is of alien blood; I shall not tell her. And she will not know. Instinct is a humbug. She will see a girl with golden hair and blue eyes. This girl will call her mother. There will not be a doubt of the truth, and I shall make a pretty little fortune !" He laughed at the prospect. He spent the evening in Albemarle-street with Jina, instructing her in the part she was to play, and half persuading the simple girl that she was a rich lady's daughter. He fostered the girl's vanity and silly romance, and promised her all the luxuries of which she had ever heard, if she would only succeed in making a favourable impression upon Lady Thornhurst. And Jina, quite willing to act the part of a heroine of the stage, promised to do her best and grew nervous and anxious, in expectation of the mysterious lady's coming. Holm called upon the girl the next day, and the next. She proved herself a willing pupil, and he began to look upon the promised sum of a thousand pounds as already won. On the third day towards evening, as he re- turned to his hotel from a visit to the flower- girl, he found in his letter-box at the hotel a letter stamped with a Lincolnshire postmark, and addressed to him in the coarse and gnarly handwriting of Martha Bates. He tore open the envelope hastily. Within was a letter, without date or signature, in the neat penmanship of Ignatia, Marchioness of Thornhurst. She wrote simply—"I will call at Albemarle-street on Friday, at four p.m." Captain Holm uttered an exclmnation of satisfaction, and a glow of triumph overspread his face. "She will be here on Friday," he muttered, "and this is Thursday. The question now is, if the imposition I intend to practise upon her will be apparent to her? Will she receive the girl, or not, as her daughter ?" (To be continued.) 