I GROWLER'S COMPLAINTS-No. life. "Hear what an unskilful friend can say, As if a blind man should direct your way So I myself, though wanting to be taught, May yet Impart a hint that's worth your thought." TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR, Since I last wrote we have closed a bad year (politically), and as far as can be seen, entered upon a worse, for unless our members of Parliament have schooled themselves to business, the prospects of the next session are poor indeed," if judged by the uselessness or foolery of the past. The pressure of my own affairs has prevented me communicating, for after the great example set by our Government, I have been trying to make both ends meet but bear in mind I have not the power to call in aid the Wilson-Dunn-Chapman system of making the Customs subserve my purpose, nor have I opportunity to command the do-as-I-bid-you members of Parliament to assist me in the process. Retrenchment and reform were election cries at the last general election. And our new Parliament, at its maiden session, made an attempt at the former, when getting as far as the Government Printer, they stuck in the mud, and whether frightened at the printer, or the printer's ghost, I know not, but at any rate they ran back, and as they went built up all they had knocked down ; whilst our Colonial Treasurer was laughing in his sleeve at the bandy lot of gentlemen the people had given him to work with. Now what difficulty was there in the office of Government Printer insurmountable to retrenchment, which they had not experienced in the other departments where they had proposed and carried the use of the pruning knife P Is the officer too poorly paid at £575 per annum P Has he suffered during his tenure of office under difficulties and bad pay P How stands the case The Treasurer stated that he came out with Sir John Franklin at a salary of £300, and house allowance £200 ; a very nice little allowance for house rent, certainly a sufficient rental for the then Government House. In due time he was handed over to our Colonial Government, under whose extravagant notions his salary was first £450, and in the year 18-34 £500, with house allowance £100, and £150 for a printing office in a shed on the premises, for which he was already allowed £100 house rent. I am at a loss to conceive what caused our retrenchment pledged members to flinch at this department, and why from this point run bank. undoing all they had done, or rather doing up all they had undone I can imagine the Treasurer thus soliloquised : " So the boats brawny crew the current stem, And, slow advancing, struggle with the stream i But if they slack their hand;, or cease to strive, Then down the flood with headlong haste they drive." Retrenchment by amalgamation of offices is the principle upon which the Wilson-Dunn-Chapman Ministry profess to act, but the making ready now officials throws doubt on their sincerity and I believe the people will have to speak louder and in stronger terms, before either the ministry or Parliament will listen and attend to their just complaints. In most cases, where retrenchment was demanded, the Treasurer put me in mind of the school boy who was threatened with having his pudding stepped because he had not performed his duties, when he cried, " ph ! please give it me this time, and I will have my lessons ready for to-morrow." Indeed, the Treasurer appears to have a very extraordinary power over the House, for he had only to say, " Pass it now, and I will see to it before next session," and it was done. He appears I ever ready to promise to do, but not to perform, he knew that it was expected of the Ministry that they should devise some plan for doing away with Port Arthur, and retrenching in that direction. He knew that it was expected that the Ministry should overhaul the charitable institutions of the colony, and, if possible, reduce the grants in aid!'' He know that the Ministry were expected to reduce, if compatible with the efficiency of the public service, the number of the paid servants of the people, instead of finding excuses for new appointments. Hu know that it was expected of the Ministry that they should bring forward some useful and reasonable measures for the improvement of the colony, such as irrigation and drainage of the land ; an amended land law for increasing the facilities for trade, and the removal of retaliatory or protective duties i hut all these expectations were in vain, and when either of the above subjects were brought before the House it was met by the Treasurer (in the plenitude of his assurance in the condescension of the mern Dora) saying, "Oh ! never mind now ; I will see to it during the recess." If this sort of legislation satisfies Parliament, let me tell the Treasurer that it will not satisfy the public. Reform is called for, and reform is wanted, but what reform ? I think the reform of our members of Parliament is the first needed, for the schoolboys exhibited during the last session has brought upon our legislature just peps sure, if not ridicule ; their doings and misdoings have proclaimed their want of statesmanship, and proved their incapacity as a governing body. I have often heard a friend of mine say that he thought " the Almighty kind and wise in dispensing his benefits to some He gave wealth, to others brain, and to a few both wealth and brain." We may point to some of the three classes in our Parliament, and I think we may add a fourth some with neither money nor brains. Perhaps you will say I am too hard, and would remind me of the words of Dryden, " Errors, Uko straw a, upon the surface flow ; i(o who would search for pearls must (dive below." If I am too hard, I hope that the proceedings of the members during the next Sitting of Parliament may be my reproof, for I now think that some of them should have resolved to remain without attaching M.H A. to their names, as expressed in the following lines, " In public walks, lot who will alone or stray, I'll silent steal through Ufo In my)' own way." Reform has been called for, and loudest by the seven pound voters in Hobart Town, who wish to have a greater privilege than the seven pound voters in any other district in the colony. They demand the right to vote for five members of Parliament, while the seven pound notes in other districts has the right to vote for one only ; they wish the tinkering of the Constitution Act by the Reform Bill of the session before last to be rescinded, and that Hobart Town be again placed as one whole returning five members, instead of five districts returning one each. Now this demand on the part of the electors of Hobart is unjust and ungenerous. If we are to have reform, and I have already said it is needed, let it be based upon an equitable and liberal foundation. For some time past I have endeavored to find out upon what principle the franchise for electing members of this colony is based, especially to the House of Assembly. I do not find it on the basis of population, of area winners, or on stock or other property, but on an amalgamation of the whole, and upon no fixed rule or proportion. I presume that the framers of our Constitution Act took the British constitution for the model orguide, our Governor representing the monarch, the Legislative Council the House of Lords, and the Assembly the House of Commons. By having two Houses it is intended that the Legislative Council, or upper house, being composed of, and elected by property holders, should be a check upon any extravagant or improper legislation by the lower or House of Assembly, which is, or should be, composed of the people's representatives. By the census paper of 1871 I find that the member for Westbury represents 5,839 heads of the population, of whom there are 1.083 Edith miles it and over twenty years of age the member for East Devon represents 5,956 bends of the population, of whom 1,559 are male adults ; while the member for Glamorgan represents only 1065 heads of the population, of whom 288 are male adults and the member for Clarence only 1,00. bends of the population, of whom 56 are male adults. Thus we see that 2,000 persons, residing in the districts of Glamorgan and Clarence, of whom 204 are male adults, have the same power in the Assembly as 11,795 of the population, or 3,542 male adults residing in the districts of East Devon and Westbury notwithstanding that Devon was divided into East and West by the tinkering Act of the last Parliament, Now, if it is contended that the members of the Lower House are the representatives of the people, the above shows that they are unequally represented ; hence the necessity of reform, I am an advocate for manhood suffrage in all countries having what is called a free constitution, as I believe that every man who pays rates or taxes towards the support of the Government of his country, or who is liable to be called upon to take arms in its defence should have a voice in the election of its members of Parliament. But it is questionable if it be politic to extend the franchise thus far in new countries like the Australian colonies, as a large number of their male population may be looked on at migratory ; but I think the franchise should be extended to household suffrage, as I do not see the justice of the line being drawn at the seven pound householder, for there are many men who do not pay seven pounds per annum quite as capable of exercising the franchise, if not more so, than some who are rated at or above that sum and household suffrage should be protected by a six or twelve months' residence prior to the time of making out the electoral roll on which the elector's name shall appear. No one should be allowed to vote for a candidate for a sent in the Lower House in more than one district. Any person having a qualification for voting in more than one district should be entitled to elect upon which of the rolls he would have his name inserted, and should be bound to vote in that district, and that only. But for the men of Hobart Town to clamour for the restitution of the privilege of voting for five members in asking for unequal representation, and is unfair to the voters in other districts who have the right of voting for one member only. Reform has been mooted for protecting the public funds against being wasted in uselessly contested election!, and the defeat of air. Richards a second time for West Hobart, called into requisition the part of a writer who advised the deposit of £50 or some such sum by each contesting candidate. such sum to be forfeited in the event of such candidate not polling a certain number of votes, Such a principle, I think, would be inconsistent with the freedom which ought to govern elections, both as regards doctors and can didates and as some of the contested elections take place for the purpose of making the richer candidate "hell out" (colonial parlance), the best way to put an end to such a proceeding would be for each candidate to resolve not to expend a single sixpence during his candidature and election when the memborolect if rich could entertain his constituents to his heart's content whether his election was contested or not, and if con tsttedcouldthenrcimburaohiaconttltuenUany expense they IHMI loco put to as WOMO/WOCC, Jar. Bkmii J ~ ~~ ~~ after the declaration of the poll at his second defeat said " He had endeavoured to work his way up, and tried to break through the barriers which kept the working classes down, but he found it impossible It was the same here as in the old country, the working man could never get upwards." Now this assertion is untrue, and its effect can only be to ruffle and disturb the minds of the working classes. Being a native of London, it was my happiness to know a gentleman (the type of many more who held a seat in the House of Commons, and was knighted by his King. He had risen from the working class and by industry and perseverance had ascended the social scale through an Aldermanic to the Mayoral Chair, and thence to the high position of Member of Parliament for the city of London. This gentleman frequently made it a boast that when a young man he walked from Scotland to London with all his worldly goods tied in a handkerchief and slung across his shoulder at the end of a stick. And during the few years of the working of parliamentary institutions in this colony, I can point to two or three individuals whose ambition or misfortune in being thrust into a seat in Parliament has ruined their position and future prospects in life. Such barriers as spoken of by Mr. Richards are only imaginary, or theghoBtlike forms arising from disappointed ambition. Mr. Richards will permit me to tell him that a seat in the House of Parliament is not a fit place for the working man, for he cannot afford means to uphold the dignity of that position ; he cannot afford to devote the time necessary for the study and labour of a legislator, and if he submits to be assisted by his constituents, he becomes the tool and servant of his paymasters. The franchise for the election of Members of the upper chamber being as now a property qualification a voter having property in several electoral districts should be entitled to vote in each and every one where his property lies ; but I do not see why the line of qualification should be drawn upon the thirty pound freeholder ; why those possessing property below that value should be disfranchised ; why the property of five pounds value, should not be repre- sented as well as that of thirty pounds and upwards. The basis of a freehold qualification regardless of its annual value, should be sufficiently conservative for the Upper Chamber, and I believe that if the franchise was extended, that the class of men who would be elected under it, would be less likely to cause a deadlock between the two Houses. The conduct of the Members of the Upper Chamber during the last session displayed a greater aptitude for business than those of the Lower House, for they exercised a wholesome check In the extreme onslaught by the Assembly upon the Governor's salary ; but they were not proof in the case of the Director of Public Works, against the contagious turn-coat fever, which seized the Members of that House for after knocking off the item for the Director of Public Works, who returned " like dogs to their homes" and put it on again. But the wise discretion they exercised in refusing to pass the Governor's Salary at £2,000, instead of £4,000, as reduced by the members of the Assembly, must I must wind bill nppfuvm an early ullin p-UBPtjnBiuff even a slight acquaintance with the status of the Queen's representative, not but that I think £2,000 is sufficient for a Governor of Tasmania under the present circumstances of the colony, if the surroundings were in keeping with the salary ; but who could expect that a gentleman holding the office of Governor, at a salary of £3, (100 per annum, could afford to live in that extravagant palatial vice-regal residence in the domain, and dispense the usual hospitalities of the represen- to li vo of royalty. Mr. Douglas, the member for Westbury, in his speech upon the Governor's Salary Bill, was pleased to say " he hoped that before long they would not be appointed and sent out from Early land, but that they would be chosen from the colonials." I say, God forbid j for if we may judge of the Governor chosen from and by the colonists, by the sample of the members of Parliament elect, we should find that he would be but a sorry apology for gentlemen of that class usually chosen by the home authorities, and sent out as colonial Governors, for we have local members who cannot see beyond the boundary of their own district. We have northerners and southerners, and we have some are auditors of the liabilities of their own voluntary engagements on behalf of a railway company. No, no, Mr. Douglas. May the day you hope for so far distant ; may I for one never live to see it. Such a hope as that of Mr. Douglas may suit republicanism, which leads to communism, hence to anarchy and confusion. A free constitution like the British with its Queen, Lords and Commons, coupled with her municipal institutions, give true liberty and freedom to her people they can speak and move without fear either of the bowie-knife, the revolver or the lynching rope. The people living under her flag can express their religious or political views without fear of the assassin. I believe an, hereditary monarchy which prevents that battling of man against man, party against party, and district against district for the chief presidency ns is the case in all countries ruled by a republic. I believe in our Governors being chosen by the Home Authorities until we are in a position to accept a ruler or a prince who shall be progenitor to a long line of kings. Reform is needed in our shipping ports. Our extortionate charges should be done away with. The best retaliation our Trenaiiror can play against the protective tariffs of the neighbouring colonies is to throw open our ports, and lot their shipping come and go without charge, which will enable them to buy our produce, and to carry freight at a less rate than at present. The saving thus acquired would act as a set off to our merchants and consignors as against the protective duties collected in the ports to which the shipping belong. Reform is needed in our Custom-house. Do away with it. We pay twice the amount of duty on tea and sugar paid by our protectionist neighbours in Victoria, and the Customs duties collected here press unequally on rich and poor. Take the article of tea for instance. The rich man purchased the best or highest priced tea, and the poor man the low priced or common sort and tea to the poor man especially to him in the bush, is his chief if not his sole comfort and beverage. He has tea in his hut, tea in the field, tea when at work and tea when off work. But the rich man fa more sparing in tea, as he has other articles, his ale or his elder, his milk or his home browed, so that he does not rely so much on tea as a beverage as does his fellow-colonist but poorer man. The rich man's ton being of the better sort goes further than the common sort used by the poor. Say one pound of the heat is equal to two of the common, and each is liable to the same amount of duty per pounding. sixpence- it follows that if the rich man took cup for cup with the poor man, the latter would pay to the Customs one shilling to sixpence by the former. The same argument will apply to sugar, clothing, and other articles. When Mr. Meredith so frequently twitted the Treasurer during the last session about taxing the poor man's salt, he was thought by many to be frivolous and obstructive, but I believe he was justly condemning the act of the Treasurer in taxing the chief article in the class of necessaries for animal life. We want salt not only for man, but also for the lower animals ; we want salt for manure ; we want salt for our cattle and horses we want salt for our haystacks while building them and we want salt for curing our bacon, ham, and beef. The Treasurer during the previous session had not only taxed our beef and mutton, but he had also taxed the salt required for curing the storage parts. England placed a duty on salt as a war tax during the Peninsular War ; but our Treasurer imposed, it for tV-osiippoitaf an extravagant Government and the payment of interest for monies expended for previous extravagancies. I have read somewhere that every now duty imposed is equal to adding another ship to the blockade of a port against its commerce, and that the Custom-house is a means and an excuse for shifting the burthens of the state from the rich on to the shoulders of the poor. When the deputation from the Public Library waited upon the Colonial Iron since a few days since, and asked for a portion of the escheated estates fund for the support of that institution, they were told by that fiipctlRnary that that fund " was required in aid of the public revenue, and I (here was) considerable taxation looming in the dis- tance" How long will this increasing of taxation be tolerated P for the Treasurer seems determined to follow up his old course of adding tax upon tax until he has squeezed every penny from an overtaxed people, crippled their trade, and rendered the public estate hopelessly insolvent. It is time we had reform. We need it, not as expressed by the player " indifferently," but in the language of Hamlet l' O t reform it altogether." Reform is needed in our land regulations, which have from time to time been tinkered up under the hypothetical idea that our lands in a state of nature are worth one pound per acre, We need a complete reform in the system of parting with the lands of the Crown, which are the property of the Crown only so far as being trustee for the people not only for the people at present residing in the colony, but for all who may arrive in all time to come, either by birth or migration. The land should not be sold, but its use and occupation should be lot to the people at the lowest possible rental, I have already shown in my letters Nos. 6 and 13 how a sufficient revenue can be raised on the land without soiling it, and without any aid from Custom's duties or port charges and in lettorNo. ltd showed surpluses i06,!)29 18s. 10d , which could be devoted to the payment of interest of debentures issued on account of railways and other public works. It has been repeatedly said in my hearing that " Growler " is wrong in advising the doing away with port charges and Customs duties, and looking to the poor farmer or landholder for a revenue, especially in those times of agricultural depression. Now this arises from a misconception of my mind. I do not advise any additional taxation or pressure upon the poor farmer or landholder, but on the contrary, a relief, and the only persons who could feel the pres- sure during the changing of the s) atoms would be the large landholders, or speculators, so aptly described by the late Sir Eardly Wilmot as " lords of wastes and princes of deserts." The land jobber would have to lot or sell In land, and the 10,000 sore man would have to subdivide and lot or soil, or pay for running shop, where a thriving population should reside. I will illustrate the advantage of the amelioration system by stating a case or two. Now, under the system of selling the land and imposing Cuaterna define, a man whose ambition does not exceed the possession of twenty acres, having twenty pounds, buys twenty acres of land at the hypothetical price of one pound per cent. He pays his twenty pounds, and us that money is worth five per cent, it follows that his land coats him twenty shillings or one pound per annum, besides paying Customs duties on everything he eats, drinks, or away whoM . me under date by item of leasing land and paying no Customs duties, is debtor and creditor to that system, as under Dr. 45 s. d. To interest saved on £20, being the upset price of twenty acres of land at 6 per cent. 10 0 To average amount of Customs duties saved which are now paid by each adult member of the population, taken as an average upon both males and females, above the age of 15 years, calculating that the duties incurred by those below the age of 15 are paid by those at and above it, I find it £2 8s. 2d. per head.,. 2 8 2 On. £3 8 2 By payment of rent for twenty acres at one shilling per Bore. 100 £2 8 2 Thus a settler with twenty shillings in his pocket could go upon his twenty acres of land, under the leasing system and no Customs duties, pay his twelve months rent and, if single, eave £2 8s. 2d., if married, £4 16s. 4d., which he has now to pay through the Custom-house. The tenant on pastoral land would be still more largely benefited. We will say he selects one thousand acres of pastoral land, the rent of which would be, at threepence per acre, £12 10s,, whereas the interest on the present upset price of one pound per acre would be £50, so that the pastoral tenant occupying 1,000 acres would save by leasing instead of purchasing £37 10s. per annum, in addition to the saving of Customs duties for self, wife, good servants. If we are to people the colony by retaining the native born and inducing immigration, let our land law be liberal and simple ; let Tasmania be made the cheapest place to live in by doing away with Customs duties and port charges. We are reminded of our present uninviting condition in an article published in your journal of the 22nd ult., taken from the Glasgow Star, which, after describing the salubrity of our climate ; our geographical position ; the resources of the colony ; the public improvements and the rate of wages offered immigrants of various grades, winds up with the following : " Until the Tasmanian Government can offer a more tempting bait, we are afraid they will not catch many fish in canny Scot land." We may depend that this sentiment is not con I finodtotho people of Scotland but that it pervades the mindsofpooplo in other countries. It behoves our public men then to put the State in order to do away with Customs duties; to simplify our land laws; to open our ports; to remove imposts on and to facilitate trade; to remodel our public departments and lessen the expense of Government and to improve our highways by means of bridges and railroads. Then Tasmania may be what nature intended her-the sanatorium for our heat oppressed neighbours, the happy home and cheapest place of living for artisans of every denomination ; a country of which the native born might well be proud a country where prosperity should advance, and poverty retire, a country where intelligence should shine, and crime hide its head ; and a country of which it might be said, Tasmania is the pride of the south, where Providence seems to shower his choicest blessings broadcast on the land. GROWLER. 