[?] "1. , . r-\ 1 » . - i i » ; '"V.- J - Master of Arts— A male flirt. 7 EpuCAiBD on a " sound" basis— The drummer. » What fruit is the most visionary P— The apple the eye. " Orphan Elixir is an oil-region synonym ; for nitro-glyeerine. , Query.— Mayyoung ladies who can swim be called diving belies? , . ; In Minesota recently a coroner a jury aecforoa a man to have been "severely frozen to death. _ " I follow in the wake of the baby, as the mother said when disturbed by her infant at night. An American contemporary says of a very pro minent militia general that " his never drawn but onco — and then in a raffle. A BOY named hi. dog "Wtydo Joa giro him 8uoh a name?" he wae Baked. Became I want him to stick to me," he replied. A Paris paper describes Lord Chesterfield as a famous boxer, who " once fought with Tom Bayers, the husband of Adah Menken."- Such is fame. Irritable schoolmaster. — " Now, then, stupid, what's the next -word? What comes after cheese?" " A mouse, sir." Queen Elizabeth always displayed her worn temper in her best clothes. She was dreadfully ruffled then. The Carolina suicide who swallowed some pounded glass, not long ago, died of a pane in his stomach. . _ T A genuine lion is sauntering around Ban Jose, California, and the cilizenB are keeping remark ably good hours. , , ' . . A YOUNG lady has brought a libel suit against her mother as the only means to get a mother-in- lftWe Precocity. — Wendell Phillips says : "Put an American baby, six months old, on his feet, and he will immediately eaj, ' Mr. Chairman, and call the Bext cradle to order." An American paper says : "We have adopted the eight-hour system in this office. We com mence work at eight o'clock in the morning, and close at eight in the evening." A conscientious glover says that dogs are the best detectives of spurious " kid" gloves. They are attracted by genuine kids, but naturally shrink from those made of dog skin. A country paper remarks that Ann Dante, the composer of so many popular but rather solemn pieces of music, is not the descendant of the poet bearing the same surname. Aw Indiana editor makes a pathetic appeal to his readers, saying, " If there is anything you know, that is worth knowing, that we ought to know, and you know that we don't know, please let us know it." " Good morning, gentlemen," said a ticket col lector, on entering a railway carriage. No one responded. " Beg pardon, if I have said too much," he thereupon added j " I withdraw the last expres sion." There was lately residing in Connecticut-, U.S., a widow who had buried no fewer than four hus bands. The only fruit of these marriages was one child, a son, and he also died, and was gathered te his four fathers. Rowland Hill made a good remark upon hear ing use of the letter " h" discussed, as to whether it were a letter or not. ' If it were not," he said, " it would be a very serious affair for him, for it would make him ill' all the days of his life." A doctor and a military officer became en amoured with the same lady. A friend asked her which of the two suitors she intended to favour. She replied that " it was difficult for her to tell, as they were each killing creatures." " I believe that mine will be the fate of Abel," said a lady to ber husband one day. " Why so ?"' inquired the husband. " Because Abel was killed by a club, and your club will kill me if you con tinue to go to it every night." A young lady at the Ohio camp meeting asked the prayers of the assembly because sbe could not set her eyes upon a certain young man in her neighbourhood without feeling as though she must hug him to death. Caution to Gabottees. — The following de scription is given by the representative of a medi cal journal, who witnessed the flogging of two scoundrels in a London prison last week : — " As to the stripes, surgically speaking, we can only describe them as a compound of bruising, cutting, and tearing of the most horrible description; and, familiar as we were with surgical operations before the days of chloroform, we believe that not the most serious and protracted, including ampu tation, trephining, lithotomy, tooth-drawing, or all of them put together, were half so painful as flogging." Origin of the Wedding Bing. — Some doubt seems to exist in the minds of antiquaries and others as to the origin of the sanctity of the ring, that most important feature in our marriage service, as in bygone ages it waB given to the bride only as a gift amongst other presents. The form of it was doubtless a symbol of eternity. It was the custom amongst the Anglo-SaxonS for children to be betrothed at an early age, and at such ceremonies the bridegroom gave the " wed" (whence our word wedding) or pledge, which consisted of a number of valuables, amongst others a ring, which was placed on the girl's right band', where it remained until it was trans ferred to her left when ehe was married. "On that occasion the bridgroom put the ring on each of the bride's left-hand fingers in turn, saying at the first, "in the, name of the Bather," at the second, " in the name pf the Son,'' at the third, f in the name of the Holy Ghost," and at the fourth, " Amen after whioh the father, presented the husband with one of the bride's shoes as a token of the transfer of authority, while the bride was made fully aware of the foot by a blow on ber head given with the shea. ' The husband' bound, him self down by oath to use his wife well, in failure of which ehe might leave him, although he was allowed by prescriptive riehfc to bestow ; ->n her and bis apprentices moderate caetigation. Popular opinion in time formed itself into lair, and eiven now-a- days there is an idea current in some parti1 bf the country that a husband may beat his wife, provided that the stick be no longer . than the wielder's arm and no thieker than his middle finger. An old Welsh law con sidered three blows of a broomstick a fair pun ishment upon any part of the lady's body except her head. Those were queer homely days, when people believed in the truth of the dog- gerel— "Aweman, a whelp, and a walnut tree, __ inoro they re beaten, the better they bo." Now, however, there Are such personages as polierinen and stipendiary magistrates, such punishments as the treadmill and the eat, as 1 many a ruffian wife-beater has found out to Ids oplt.— ffo Ladies. busiuesB. . The following is concise enough :— acu- nessee negro had a quarrel with a locomotive. AgS'gPhnOWB. . 