SCRAPS FROM THE HOME PAPERS. CoAii. — It is stated that tlio high prico to which steam-coal has been raised in this country lias drivou one of the loading steamship companies trading bo tweon Liverpool ntul New York to transfer their pur chases from this country to tho other side of the Atlantic. It is affirmed that coal can bo nut 011 board at Tieton at 8s por ton for whioh 35s is charged nt Cardiff. Other steam companies trndiug from Liverpool have been forced to lay up a number of vessels, in consequence of tho increased cost "of coal having taken nwny the margin of profit whieli en abled them to carry ou n remunerative trade. It is announced by telegram from Dunkirk that tnc pro prietors of the Pas de Calais have undertaken to fur nish FJttjlish firms with 250,090 tons of conl, nud that tlio siiWJicnt lias already commouccd. This is, it is stated, , from Dunkirk to England. Tho lloyal Mail steamers plyiug between Kingstown nud Holyhend will soou be coaled 011 the Irish side of tlio Channel. Tlio quantity of coal in Irish coalfields nvnilnblc for uso was estimated by tbo Royal Commission at 182,280,000 tons, of which nbout 16, 000, 000 tous are nt Bally castle, County Antrim, 32,000,000 in Tyrone, 77,000,000 in the Cnrlow, Kilkenny nud Queen's County district, 25,000,000 in Tipperary, 20,000,000 in Clare, Limoriek nud Cork, and 10,800,000 in Conunught (Arigua distriot.) Shooting an Apparition — A miracle-mongor in the annexed province of Alsace has come to grief and nearly lost his life in a singular manner. The Jesuits, furious at their expulsion from Germany, resort to all sorts of devices to persuade tho ignorant that their enemies are threatened with the wrath of heaven. For some days past, shortly aftor sunset, a phantom bearing a white flag appeared in the village of Chantenois, near Strasburg. The rumour ran that the ghostly visitor was the Virgin Mary, who had come to rouse the people to fight for the Jesuits. So great was the excitement that a detachment of dragoons was despatched from Strasburg to occupy the Chantenois. The Virgin, nevertheless, appeared at the usual time, but a matter of fact German sentry challenged the apparition, and receiving no answer, after three "sommations," fired upon it. He brought down his game, and instead of a ghost it proved to be a very fat curé. The ecclesiastic, roaring lustily from a painful wound, was put into a cart, and carried off to Strasburg Hospital. Three other priests suspected to be his accomplices, were subsequently arrested. ASTRONOMICAL PREDICTIONS — The Charivari pub lishes tlio following, whioh somo pooplo linvo tnkon as serious: — " M. Fhmtnmour, tlio colchrated astronomer who had predicted tho dostruotion of tlio globo for tlio month of August, now admits tlint ho wns mistakou in his calculation, but ho has just inado anothor with incontestable proofs, and and nnnonncos that tlio world will ond on tho 21st Oetobor, 2011. On this oconsion tho earth will not npproneh so noar tho sun as to he set on firo, hut will donnrt so far from it that a gonernl congelation will tako placo. People arc already laying in a stook of wood in provision of that event." COLONIAL WOODS — Some Colonial Woods tlint have for tho past .three or four years boon lying idle in Loudon, have within the Inst few weeks bccu put to most useful purposes. The wood in question, ve neers, wns shipped by Mr. Alcoc.k, of Melbourne. Tho consignee failed to make it available, nud from him it passed into the bauds of a broker, who for tlio time named failed to find a purchaser. Beccntly, however, Mr. D. Tnllcrman became its owner, and utilised it nt once. The vceucrs comprised black wood, myrtle, cedar, satin-wood, nnd Huon piuo. These, or a portion of these, Mr. Tallermnn lins made up into a wardrobe, a secretaire, nud a book-ease. They have been on view at the Australian Meat Agency in Cannon-street for some weeks past, and have boon greatly admired by all who have seen them. Most of tho visitors had 110 idea that such woods were produced in Australia, nud if there wore a stock of them ou hand here they would ho quickly used up for cabinet purposes. Tho seoretaire is made entirely of blackwood, and has a remarkably hand some appearance. Several of the panels of the ward robe are of cedar, and marvellously handsome pauols they arc. This success should hnve tho effect of opening up a trade in tho ornamental woods of tho colonics. Shetland Immigrants. — Mr. Thomas Birch, who for some time past has hoen busily ongaged in the northern parts of the island in endeavouring to persuade his stalwart countrymen as to the good things that await them in Now Zealand, recently paid a visit to London for the purpose of seeing a number of his Scotland proteges off for their now home in the South. The ship prepared for their passage was the Christina McAusland, and the simple Shetlanders seemed to see an omen of good in the homely name of the ship in which they were to sail. Judging from impilflnieriil appearances and conduct of the emigrants, they should make capital colonists. Half a score of the Shetland women are noted for their skill in knitting, and this surely represents an industry that might be largely and profitably pursued in New Zealand. Immediately after the sailing of the ship, Mr. Birch turned his stops north again. He proposes paying an early visit to Orkney, returning to Shetlaud by-and-by, where several families are preparing for a journey to New Zealand. Natal Railways. — A contract has recently been entered into by the Crown agents for the colonios, on behalf of the Government of Natal, and Mr. Wal- borue, Sir James Anderson, Lord "William Hay, Mr. Kuypers, and Mr. M. C. Torreus, for tlio construction of 345 miles of railroad in that colony. Tho Colonial Government, when tho requirements of the contract have been fulfilled, is to pay to the company n sub sidy of £40,000 per annum (for twenty years), nud to make a grant of 2J million acres of land ; tho latter is subject to tlio condition that tlio company introduce within a certain time 7500 immigrants. Sundries. — Tlio prico of household conl was raised Is. a ton 011 October 1. Mr. Delaliunt, one of the members for'Waterford, writes to contradict tho report of conl having been found iu Waterford. — The latest accounts of the harvest in Ireland arc much more re- assuring, especially in the uorth j hut the potatoe crop, though in somo parts hotter than ex pected, is in many districts a complete failure. — Two of the largest mill owners in Preston liayc given notice of their intention to work their mills only four days a week, and it is cxpeotcd that other firms will follow their example. — Alderman Sir Sydney Wnterlow was, ou Saturday, elected Lord Mayor of London for tho ensuing year. A Father's Love. — A few doys ago, says the Swiss Times, a fearful crime was committed at tlio village of Ergisch, distriot of Locclic, Vnlais. Iu a moment of rage, caused by drunkeness, a young man killed his father by stabbing him with a knife. Tho father, feeling liis cud to be nigh, caused his sou to he brought before him, when lie forgave him for what lie had clone, pointed out to him the surest means of escape, gave him somo money, anil expired a moment afterwards. The same paper reports that on the evening of .tlio 1st, aftor dark, a wntohmakcr of Biel named A. Girardin was returning, together witli his wife and four children, from Reuchcuetto, where ho lind been for cxcrciso with tho Biel rural guard. Ho had a child on his nrm and wns carrying his still loaded gun on his back. Girardin rcmnrkod to liis wife that ho had better discharge the gun before nny accident took place. No sooner hnd lie dono so than than three Italians rushed upon the unsuspecting man and gave him three wounds with their knives. Two of the men were iimncdintelyi taken into custody by some members of the ruro guard and conveyed to Biel. The people of tho neighbourhood are deeply embittered against those aGsnssins, who, it appears, lately took the lifo of a father of a family in Villeret. Melanesia. — The Rev. John Richardson Solwyn M.A., who lias been nominated to tlio bishopric of Melanesia, vacant by the death of the Right Rev. Bishop Pattcson, is tho son of the Bishop of Lichfield, so well known as tlio activo Bishop of Now Zealand from 1811 till 18G7. It is understood that Mr. Sol wyn will proceed at onco to tho sceno of liis mission ary labours, but that I10 will not be. consecrated for some time, as ho is under thirty yoars of age. Tho diocese of whioh I10 will liavo tlio supervision ombrnces tho Nortli-Wostern Islands of tho South Pacifio. A Swim for Life. — At the "Woolwich Police-court, n (jJKnys ago, a wntormau named 1 homes B. Jamos mnderan application to tho magistrate to grant a summons under vory extraordinary eireumstnneos. He stated that at half-past olovon tho previous night, after tlio last ferry boat hnd erossecl to North "Wool wich, two men, whom ho named, living at Silvortown, engaged him to row them over. Ho told thorn tlio fare would bosixpenco each, at which they demurred; but at longth ono of thorn Baid in an undcrtono to tho other, " Promise him tho shilling, and when wo got into tho middle of tho river wo will throw liim over board, and sell his boat to-morrow morning." Ap plicant thought it was spokon iu jest, and all three got into tho boat ; but ou approaching mid stream, they lnid hold of him and really throw him into tho river. Ho had a narrow oseapo of boing drowned; for, couplod with tlio darkness of tho night, ho was encumbered with a heavy coat, and being a long woy from shore, oseapo soomod almost hopoloss. The thought of liis wife and ohildrou, liowevor, mado him dosporato ; and, rccovoving iris prosonco of mind, and being a good swimmor, ho mado for tho shore, whioh lie ruiichod witli groat difficulty. Oil gotting nshoro ho vomitoil n largo quantity of rivor water, and it was somo timo before lie recovered. Tlio magistrate, who appeared to bo astounded at tlio applicant's stato- inont, immediately granted a summons. Whon tlio ease was oalled ou boforo tlio magistrate at Woolwioh Polioo-court, it was stated that nono of tlio pnrtics to tho affair wore presold, and that it had boon arranged satisfactorily by a payment of money. 