Verily we are a strange people — we of Avoca. Whether the air of the pretty valley breeds a nitrogenic spirit, or these autumn morning dews distil oxymel, deep-thinking philosophers and alchemists may be able to say, but certain it is that we are at times apt to be inflammable and exibit the ancient compound of vinegar and honey on occas ions when neither of the terms mentioned above ought by any circumstances to apply. In some senses we are all but enthusiasts — in the matter of tea meetings for instance. When some new projects are started they go up like rockets, but are pretty certain to come down like the sticks, as the trite simile goes. Our likings and proclivities are occa sionally of the gushing order, only to be succeeded by the chilling frosts, such as upset Cardinal Wolsey. Patriotic young men don uniforms and blow music out of brazen instruments to careless or absent ears, and the refrain of the melodies may be likened unto tho words in the "Lady of the Lake," " Blow bugle blow, Set the wild echoes flying, Blow bugle, Answer echoes, Dying ! dying ! dying !" Is it that our loyalty or patriotism have become echoes only, or that the ghost of "Mrs Grundy" haunts us? Let us hope not, but we find some difficulty in framing our unbelief in direct proportion. What ever the cause, however, certain it is that the proceedings on Her Majesty's birthday, of a public or semi-publie character, were a lamentable failure, and involved, we regret to say, a dead loss to the object intended to be served — the establishment of a mechanics' institute at Avoca. It is difficult to believe that any small clique can pull the strings of retrogression in this respect, and still more puzzling to understand why the pro ject is not taken up with much greater warmth and earnestness than it is, for such a thing has been regarded as a necessity as well as a haven where mental shins may steer to for safety, solace and improvement. We reject with indignation the least reference to the bloekheadism of our now remote forefathers that it was dangerous to teach a hoy to write because he might com mit a forgery, or to read because "book- larning, mind 'ee, ud mak a waastrel on him." It will not do in these days, and yet, when opportunity offers to combine amusement with the advancement of a good cause we cannot fail to observe that a veil of indifference comes over us like a cold fog. There were certainly some pleasant private exceptions to this rule on the Birthday evening, but the " sports" so called, were emphatically what we have described. We are by no means advocates for some of the 1 1 vat7 9 1 ati i mlohlavlq patiia a+ riitu £ v v j.n.wMj.xv/juo vi ouuiu \jx uui muouuiar youth, and we think they may merge into better and brighter achievements. There are many hopeful sigos of emulation to he observed now-a-days, such as never existed before in this country of our adoption, not the contests about the depth and contents of a man's purse, but those which elevate the mind and strengthen the genius. We have, with a few honorable exceptions in our young men, been dull -in this respect. We are pretty sure the estabishment of a mechanics' institute would go a long way to effect a change in this respect, and would earnestly and sincerely recommend the Committee to begin their work without the least delay. Thanks to one or two. who have the welfare of Avoca at heart we have the ground, and we ought to see a commencement before the winter well sets in. There is a fund banked which forms a fair nucleus although trenched upon by the late loss; offers have been made to deliver lectures upon popular subjects by gentlemen we believe to be competent to fulfil their promises, and wo know of intend ing donors of books and other means of im provement when the time arrives. It occurs just now to impress upon our friends of the town and district that they should actively exhibit their approval of the great good we advocate and not _wait to see who begins. An opportunity presents itself for this in attending the public meeting to be held in the Town Hall on the 12th instant, when, as some small incentive, Mr J. Cooke will deliver his lecture on " Superstitions" in an abridged shape, after which the business of the establishment of a literary and me chanics' institute will bo entered upon in real earnest, and wo may further add a hope that as many ladies will attend as can con veniently do so. As wo have before said, we can point to other places of far less im portance and calibre than Avoca which have had institutes and public libraries for years past, and when our own is fairly set going we shall have less tittle-tattle, fewer scan dals and infinitely more self respect in the . young as time unfolds the many advantages to be secured. majtw .uj'-uwiwjw t —mw —ft The political situation is becoming more and more complicated, and a dissolution would seem to be the only practical solution to the difficulty. From telegrams received last night, given elsewhere, it will be seen that the Chief Secretary did not attend in his place in the House; advisedly, no doubt, keeping away. Hence the expected Minis terial announcement of dissolution or resffi- © nation was not made. Mr Duffy visited tho Governor at Toorak on Thursday. His ' Excellency is withholding his decision, and ; giving time to the Ministry to allow the coun- 1 try to speak out. The telegrams allude to a large Ministerial meeting held last night ! in the Town Hall, Melbourne, and state that - public feeling is strong in favor of the ; Ministry. If public feeling runs the same! in the other large centres of population, it ' will undoubtedly influence the Governor's j decision, and thus it may happen that a dis- \ solution is quite on the cards. By the pro- ! posal to adjourn until Tuesday, the Govern- j ment sought to gain time to allow the coun- j try to speak. By the unprecedented meet- ; ing of the House to-day at noon, the Opposition hope to force a resignation and ! prevent a dissolution. The very general ! feeling that the Ministry have not had lair j play, but should have been allowed time to bring forward their measures, and by those i measures have been judged, will have con- j siderablo influence on many constituencies i in the event of a general election, and tho 1 places of some of the representatives will know them no more. Messrs Grant and ? Davies are, at auy rate, safe for Avoca. j A meeting of the Mechanics' Institute Commit- ; tee was held at the Victoria Hotel on Monday night, and the balance sheet of receipts and expen diture in connection with the late sports was brought up by the hon. secretary Mr Lawrence, and showed a loss to the extent of something over £y. It is as well to state that this deficiency arose from no fault of the Committee, the members of which used every endeavour to make the affair a success, but must be attributed to the public not taking the interest in the proceedings they certainly should have done seeing that the effort was made for the commendable purpose of adding to the : fund already in the Bank of Victoria for erecting a i mechanics' institute. After the various accounts ! had been passed for payment and a unanimous vote of thanks given to the ladies for their valuable ( services at the bazaar, it was determined to call a public meeting, to be held in the Town Hall on the 12th instant, with the view of electing a new committee or adding to the present one, and to devise other means for raising the necessary funds I for carrying out the object. As this matter concerns j everyone living in or about Avoca, we hope to see \ a large gathering on the occasion, J twill be observed by an advertisement appear ing in this issue that occupiers and owners of property are required to pay their rates on or before the twentieth instant. As under the existing law defaulters forfeit their right to have their names | placed on the roll of voters for members of j Parliament as well as on the Shire Roll it will be j well to pay due attention to the notice given, We remind all persons interested that Mr De Saxe, dentist, of Ballarat, will visit Avoca on Wednesday next, and may be consulted on the day named at the Victoria Hotel. W e have to notify the receipt of a copy of the second progress report of the commission appointed to collect evidence and report upon the subjects of foreign industries, forests, &c.; We will review the document in our next issue. Uur Elmhurst correspondent writes: — "The Elmhurst Cricket Team celebrated Her Majesty's birthday at Crowlands, where they played a friendly match, and were most liberally entertained by their opponents. The Elmhurst team were as usual suc cessful, beating the Crowlands champions in one innings and forty runs to spare, Elmhurst first innings being 161. This, I believe, will close the season, and next season we hope to hear from some of our neighbors." We have to notify that the subscription made in behalf of the widow of the late Mr W; Smith amounted to the sum of £26 3s 6d. That sum has been handed over to Mrs Smith, who left Avoca for Melbourne on Monday last, being conveyed as far as Ballarat by Messrs Martin and Flowers free .of cost. Previous to starting Mrs Smith requested us to state her grateful thanks to all those who have kindly aided her in her distress. We are reluctantly compelled to hold over a letter on School matters, signed " An Indignant Mother," until next issue. The neighborhood of Avoca has been visited of late by a marauding and plundering fraternity, unless some of its inhabitants have turned thieves. Within the past week several robberies have been committed. Mr Snell had a saddle and bridlestolen from his premises. A saddle and lridle were also taken from Mrs Holland's, and by way of com pleting the arrangements, the thieves, for there must have been more than one, managed to clear off with a couple of horses from the paddock of Mr W.Smith. Our police, at all times on the alert are possessed with the idea that the knights of the light finger may be overtaken and punished. We have pleasure , in announcing more favorable results from the Golden Lake Company's. .claim at Hom'ebush, The mining manager reports the yield for the past fortnight to be 60oz 15dwt, and further states that everything is going on satisfac torily. There is not much to report in the way of mining in other .portions of the district, . A prospecting claim has been taken up and registered in the names of Messrs Sayle Brothers at Number One Creek. The brethren named obtained the favorable prospect of ldwt from two nailcans of dirt at at a depth of 36 feet. The ground is situated about a mile from the Racecourse, towards Number One Creek. We should not be surprised to find the new rush turning out better than the ordinary ground in the Pyrenees Valley. Two of our local sportsmen, Messrs Allanson and Whitcombe, have had a most successful excursion within the last few days, the scenes of their opera- tions having been at Mr Donald's station and the plains and waterholes about Cope Cope. They made the gigantic bag of twelve black swans, eight wild geese, sixty wild duck and teal, and two kangaroos. The appearance of this rather remote country is described as beautiful, but the want of rain is seriously felt. The smaller lakes are all but empty, but the large ones are pretty full. If, as is stated, "the child is father to the man," the chief characteristic of the future men and women of Avoca will assuredly not be that of ingratitude, in proof of which we may point to a very interesting circumstance that occurred at the Common School yesterday afternoon, namely the presentation of a very handsome gift to Miss Ritchie, one of the lady assistants. Miss Ritchie has been connected with the school for about three years, and during that time has succeeded in winning the esteem of the parents by her efficiency and the love of the children by her j universal kindness to her young charges. When the fact of Miss Ritchie's resignation became known, the children determined that she should not he allowed to depart without a memento of regard, and wifh the promptitude of action which is one of the best characteristics of our Australian youth, collected the necessary funds amongst themselves and their parents to purchase the gift thought to be most appropriate.. The ceremony of presentation took place in the schoolroom, the set vices of the Rev G. Mather being secured as chairman. Master James Smith opened the proceedings with a short speech to his fellow scholars, as follows—" You are all aware that one of our teachers is about to leave us. Miss Ritchie's connection with our School ceases to-day, and as we have all a high regard for our teachers and a deep interest in their welfare, as we are assured they have in ours, it occurred to myself and others that we should mark the occasion of Miss Ritchie's leaving by the presentation to her of something that she might carry with her as a pleasing remembrance of the time spent by her in Avoca, and an assurance that she carries with her the best wishes of those with whom she has been associated here, and for whose good she has so faithfully labored." The youthful speaker then handed to Miss Ritchie a handsome and very costly Bible anil a neatly bound copy of " Pollock's Course of Time" with these words — " This Bible and book are the gifts of the children attending this School, and I, in their name, beg your acceptance of them." The Chair man then responded in suitable terms in Miss Ritchie's behalf. Three hearty cheers were then given for Miss Ritchie by the bays, and the pro ceedings terminated. .The final adieux of the teacher and the younger children were most affect ing, the tearful upturned faces of the little ones speaking eloquently of genuine regret, while the kindly words of consolation and counsel from the young lady, mingled also with tears, will, we are sure, be treasured in those young memories through out all the varied scenes of the future, We have received the following circular with a request that it may be published : — " The Minis terial Association ; Offices, 62, Collins Street Hast. — The Ministerial Association is organised to meet the present political emergencies, and its objects are : 1st. To support the existing Ministry, and to assist it to carry out the policy propounded by the speech of His Excellency, as delivered at the open ing of the present session of Parliament. 2nd. To secure a Reform of the Lower House, by the exclusion from it, at the impending General or Ministerial Election, of those members who are the leaders of the present factious and selfish oppo sition to the Ministry, and through whose instru mentality the public business has been impeded, the Parliament degraded, and the Colony injured. 3rd. To assist in obtaining the return of Members to Parliament pledged to maintain the present Tariff undisturbed, unless with the view to the further development of our industries. — B. Doug lass, Secretary. May 29, 1872." In the Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday evening, Mr Longmore informed the House that the Board of Land and Works had that day accepted tenders for portions of the Castlemaine and the Dunolly and Ballarat and Ararat railways. With respect to the firstnamed line, the length of contract was fourteen' miles and a little more. The lowest tender for the whole of this work on the oft Sin gauge was that of Mr T. Doran for £49.509 3s 5d, or at the rate of £3,472 12s 5d per mile. Hon members would understand that the rolling stock would cost some £1600 or £1.700 more per mile, and there would also be about 80 tons of rails per mile at £10 per ton, which would make the total cost about £5,100 per mile, and this over the most difficult portion of the line. The lowest tender for the works on the 3ft 6in gauge was that of Messrs Overend and Robb, and the sum £49,933 13s od, or at the rate of £3,291 19s 6d per mile. The works included in this contract comprised everything required for the construction of the railway, except the supply of rails and fastenings, and station works, which were the same for both gauges, The difference in cost between the works of this contract on the 5ft. 3in. gauge and the 3ft. Gin, was, according to these tenders, £2,5/5 10s., or at the rate of £180 12s. lid." per mile. The length of contract taken on the Ballarat and Ararat line of railway was fourteen miles, for which sixteen tenders had been received. The lowest tender for the whole of the works on the 5ft. 3in. gauge, and on the 3ft, Gin. gauge, was that of Mr Niel M'Niel — on the 5ft. 3in. gauge, £33,)94 10s. 7d., or at the rate of £2,413 18s. 6d. per mile, and for the 3ft. Gin. gauge. £31,696 2s. Gd. per nile, or at the rate of £2,264 Os. 2d. per mile. The difference in the cost between the works on the 5ft. 3in and the 3ft. Gin. gauge was, according to these tenders, £2,098 17s. Id., or at the rate of £149 18s. 4d. per mile." If. to this contract was added the cost of rolling-stock, the average per mile would be about £4,000.. News from Fiji has been 'received to the 4th of May. The schooner Nanoba was wrecked while leaving Levuka. The Matntobau natives, who killed the Rev Mr Baker, five years ago, have made another attack on the coast tribes and killed num bers. CaptairLMuir, of the schooner Alcanty, was murdered by Antony Franks. It is stated that the captain had been drinking, and went on board the Marion Renny, where he quarrelled with oue of the crew.' The man sharpened his knife, and stabbed Captain Renny, who dropped down dead. The murderer has been tried by the Supreme Court and sentenced to death. The settlers of Soma Soma held a meeting, . at which the lawlessness preva lent at Levuka was condemned, and a resolution arrived at to support law and order, The British consul has seized ninety natives, recentlyjanded, on the ground of their having been kidnapped. 