SIR CHARLES DILKE AT LEEDS. At the Leeds Town Hall, on Wednes day, the 25th November, Sir. C. Went- worth Dilke, M.P., made the following speech before a large audience : — As your chairman and borough mem ber has invited me to speak upon the same subject upon which I spoke at Newcastle, I cannot do better than begin by explain ing what that subject was. Those of you who have drawn your ideas of my New castle speech from the denunciations of it in Whig newspapers, are probably under the belief that it was an attack di rected against Monarchy, on the ground of its excessive cost. It was nothing of the kind. I spoke upon " Representation and Royalty." I pointed out the inade quacy of our representative system; I showed its hearing upon divisions in the House of Commons, and especially upon the divisions that occurred upon the dowry and annuity votes ; and I thep went on to defend those votes, which can only he de fended on the grounds of cost and economy. I then discussed the tenure of the Crown lands ; and finally invited the attention of that meeting to a widely cir culated pamphlet, in which allegations had been made which I called upon the- proper authorities to disprove ; and im this concluding portion of my speech, I made reference of a general character to- monarchy, which had neither in fact nor in my intention any connection with my previous observations on the score of cost. Sir Charles then proceeded to show ther inequalities, and discussed the salaries and emoluments received by the royal princes. He said — the statement is that the Duke of Cambridge draws AT 6 a day as field-marshal, and £7 a day as general eommanding-in-chief, or £23 a day in all, amounting to £8,395 a year. In addition to Mm, there are six other princes connected with the royal family drawing military or naval pay. Now, let us take one of the most harmless of these cases for examina tion — the case of the Duke of Edinburgh, who serves as commander in the navy, and who is not merely ornamental, as some of the princes are. Now, at first sight it might be thought that there is no parti cular evil in the Duke of Edinburgh nerving as commander in the navy. But the Duke of Edinburgh has not been through the same training- as the other officers. His training has been a mere pretence, and will any one seriously main tain that an amount of harm which can not be measured by the sum paid to that officer, but which it would be worth our paying ten times that sum to avoid, is not done to the navy by the promotion to an independent command, merely on account of his birth, of an officer who has not the training to fit him for his post ? I do not . wish for a moment to contend that the Duke of Cambridge may not be an admi rable officer. It does not matter for the purpose of my argument whether he is a good officer or a bad. The point is, that he and the other princes have been se lected for their posts, not because of their fitness for them, but because of their rela tion to the occupant of the throne ; arid it was for this reason that in my speech at Newcastle, after- showing that the Uourt expenditure amounted to a million normrls a. vad/K T wont nn l,r> l'Amnvlr — j y — " iwu ' the expenditure was not so much waste as mischief— mischief in its direct effects, wrought on the one hand by recognizing birth in the place of merit, and, on the other hand, by representing the Crown as guarded by the holders of the sinecures. But now we have to consider whether there is any arrangement by which we are bound that, in addition to this expendi ture, further grants should be provided during the present reign. Mr. Arthur Wellesley Peel, in speaking at Warwick to his constituents the other day, alluded to the existence of a " solemn compact" between the Queen and the people, which lie accused us of desiring to break. Now, it might be enough to simply deny that any such compact at all exists, and. to challenge those who mention it to produce it. There is no arrangement that has vVCl. UtJolx vJ-A. JJi ftfttJU. 111 VY Ux Lift y fjUl tlJ(3 Icttl question is, whether there is one implied in the handing over, as it is called, to the people of the Crown lands, the private property of the royal family. Their history proves that Parliament in past days never so treated them, and that they belong only to the Crown as the representative of the nation. No one can deny that those who fill prominent places in this country — whether they be -called kings or presidents — set something of a tone to all society ; but while that tone has been far worse than it is at pre- ' ent, it has been better, too. There is no security that in the . future we may not have a repetition of the past. I have said tnat i sriouid be sorry it 1 could not make a defence for the principles of Bepub- licanism very different to that which I am falsely supposed to have made in New castle. - Those who thought that my speech contained an argument for a Be- public founded on the cost of Monarchy are mistaken in their view of its inten tion and its scope. I speak not for others — I do not pretend, in saying this, to represent the views of any man — but speaking for myself, I should be a Bepub lican if a Bepublie were more costly than a Monarchy. I think that the training you jean give to the young under a Bepublie is nobler — in its absolute substitution of merit for both — than any training that is -compatible with Monarchy. I consider that the mere fact that every place in the : , government ot a liepublie is accessible to .every citizen, is of itself of enormous yalue as a moral lever. I believe that we can love and worship the idea of the State of which we are the citizens less well in the form of a kingdom than in that of a Bepublie. I am of. opinion that a Monarchy, is a good government for child ren, and a Bepublie a good government for grown men. I am aware that we no longer live in a despotic or king-stricken country ; but we are lord-stricken. We are slaves to flunkeyism, and to the wor ship of gold, and of caste, and of success. We have before us no sufficiently high ideal, and if we are to be judged by the writings of many of our papers, we are no longer the Englishmen of Milton s England, but only the accidental occupants of the richest spot upon the surface of the globe. The form of the Monarchy might doubtless in this country long exist, but that of which I complain is not the mere matter of form or name and those men are the worst enemies of monarchy who are the upholders of the corruptions that have gathered under the shelter of its wing. It is not so much of the name of monarch that I complain, as of " These honors without honor ; These ghost-like gocls of gold : l nis earth that wears upon her, To keep her heart from cold, Ro memory of men that brought it fire of old." 