THE WORK OF GOD IN ROME. THE FOUNDATION OF THE PAPACY GIVING WAY. A Lecture delivered in the Presbyterian Mis sion Church, Jervis-street, Dublin, on Satur day evening, March 10, 1872, by the Rev. Hamilton Magee. unless he has abandoned himself to infidelity, that the hand of God has been against him, as to the outward dispensations of His all-compre hensive providence, during recent years. He has allowed the "gates of hell to prevail," at least for a season — which they could not do had He not permitted. When the sceptre of the Emperor Napoleon was dashed from his hands at the capitulation of Sedan, the Roman Catholic bishops and their obsequious servants, the writers for the Ultramontane Press, saw no difficulty in recognising the intervention of Heaven. The disaster at Sedan was a just and not unexpected retribution upon the author of the Convention with the excommunicated Italian usurper and persecutor. But the providence of God takes charge of Popes no less than of Emperors j and those who were so swift to interpret the scroll of the Divine judgments, when it mainly referred to Napoleon 111., must bring the same principles of interpretation to that mystic scroll, when it more especially relates to the Pone. If thev have not couracre " Take away her battlements, for tliey are not the Lord's." — Jeremiah v., 10. I begin by correcting a mistake that crept, through inadvertence, into some of the announce ments of this lecture. It was stated that the subject of the lecture was to be "The Work of God in Rome ; the Papacy tottei'ing at its Foundation." The idea I wish to convey is, not that the Papacy is tottering at its foundation or to its foundation, but that the foundation itself is being shaken, and is, in fact, giving way. The work of God in Rome may be viewed under various aspects. 1\. It caimot be denied, even by devout Roman. Catholics themselves, that the recent loss of the Temporal Power of the Pope is, in a very impor tant and real sense, the ' ' work of God. " They, of course, refer it to a different authorship and origin. They" say it is the work of the devil, and of his too willing and numerous agents of the Italian nation. But Satan could not lay his hand upon Job without God's permission ; neither, it may be presumed, could he upon the Pope. Even the Pope himself must admit, to do so, they cannot expect that wo shall be so easily daunted. And they caimot expect bnt tfiat we should notice, and that all the world except themselves should notice, the coincidence between these overwhelming judgments of God that have fallen upon the Papacy, and the claim it has made to the possession of the Divine attributes. It is mentioned by the inspired author of the Acts of the Apostles, as an unmistakable work of God, that " upon a set day Ilefod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them the people of Cresarea. And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man. And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory ; and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost. But the word of God grew and multi plied," — Acts ii. 21-24. In the case of which I am speaking, it was not the people who said it at all — most of them repudiated and loathed the blasphemy — it was the Pope himself who said his voice was the voice of God, and not of man. " Immediately the angel of the Lord smote him." Almost at the very moment that the Bull Pastor sMernus was being read by the Pope, amid the lurid glare of the thunderstorm that at that moment swept over the city of Rome, the pro clamation of war was made which in a few short months annihilated the last remaining prop of the Papacy, and left the Temporal Power a record of the irrevocable past. Bear in mind that the Pope has committed himself — committed his infallibility — to the Temporal Power. The opinion of Dr. Newman and others, that he may get on as well without the civil supremacy of Rome as with it, the Pope, him self, speaking ex cathedra,' has condemned. In his Allocution, spoken on the 29th November, 1866, and, of course, before the entry of Victor Emmanuel into Rome, he declared that the Temporal Sovereignty 'was "absolutely neces sary" — so it was translated in the Freeman's Journal the original words are "necessarium omino" — "to guard and defend the full liberty of the Roman Pontiff in feeding the universal Church, &c.;" Of course, it follows that if the Temporal Power of the Pope be finally lost, 'the gates of hell' have, so far, 'prevailed' against the Apostolic- See, and that, too, at a moment when the Apostolic See was pre eminently showing its determination to uphold what it declared to be the truth before an unbelieving and scoffing generation. "The dissolution of the twofold authority of the Pontiff," says Dr. Manning, "would strike out the key-stone of Christendom." It must seem marvellously and inexplicably strange to sincere members of the Church of Rome (of whom there are many) that the loyalty of the head of their Church to God and to His revealed will should be thus strangely rewarded. It is true they persuade themselves, or try to do so, that the Temporal Power is only lost for a season. But their hope of its return — ay, even the hope of his Holiness — every day waxes feebler and feebler. It is evident to all the world, and though they shut their eyes, yet some glimmer of the unwelcome conviction must flash across even their vision, in the natural course of events, the Temporal Power never can return, except through the intervention of war — war that will turn the nations of Europe, perhaps of the entire civilized world, into one huge battlefield ; that will arrest and roll back the tide of human liberty and progress ; that will reduce society to a con dition of utter disorganisation, and reconstruct it on the basis of the old and almost forgotten despotisms. Such is the only hope for the Papacy, at least as regards the Temporal ltule. To' such a strait has it been reduced. It can only live as the Power it claims to be, by the disintegration and ruin of human society. We have hope that the future — that is to say, the God of the future — will be on the side of human society (for which, after all, a glorious destiny is reserved), rather than on the side of the Pope dom. 2\. In directing attention to the work of God in ltome, I cannot but speak very specially of the efforts that are now being made in connec tion with Bible circulation, and the preaching of the grand old Gospel of a free salvation. Now, after many centuries of proscription and banish ment, the sublime Epistle of Paul to the Romans — which, as Dr. Philip Seliaff, of America, truly says, "prophetically anticipates and positively overthrows every essential error of Romanism " — has at length got into the hands of the Roman people. We scarcely know a fact that on the face of it more clearly stamps the Papacy as both a tyranny and an imposture than this — that until the 20tli of September, 1S70, the Roman people were not permitted to read the inspired Epistle of Paul addressed specifically to the Romans. On that memorable day, among the very first to enter through the breach of the Porta Pio, was a colporteur of the Waldensian Church, holding out in his hands, as he ran for ward, an open Bible — a noble and Christian revenge for the cruel persecutions his venerable and Scriptural Church had long Buffered at the hands of the Papacy. Our great historical painters have often committed to immortal can vas incidents less significant and sublime. The entry of that Italian Bible in the hands of the Waldensian colporteur, through the breach made by the cannon of the Italian people, was the work of God ! It is so regarded by the Roman citizens themselves, and by the great bulk of the Italian nation. Here, again, the Pope and his clergy, by no means contrary to what we would expect, tell us that it was the work of the devil. But the devil appears in a somewhat new character when he appears as the patron of the Bible circulation. It is generally supposed that the Princo of Darkness does not like this Book of Light. It is an important part of the Chris tian panoply which the Apostle Paul urges the Ephcsians to " put on, that they may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil." But, if the Pope is to be believed, there is nothing the great adversary of man is more anxious for than the free and universal circulation of the Book of God. I do not stop to discuss this question. I merely mention the fact, that now, perhaps for the fiyst time since the invention of printing, the Bible may be had as easily and as cheaply in Rome, as in Louden, or Edinburgh, or Dublin. One of the very first things the British and Foreign Bible Society did," after the Italian occu pation of Rome, was to , open a Bible depOt in the Corso, the principal street of the new capital. An eminent Scotch clergyman, Dr. Lewis, died the other day 'in. Rome. He had, some years ago, amid great difficulties and oppo sition, at length succeeded in erecting a Pro testant Church outside the city walls. Had his church to be erected now, there is no law to prevent its being built under the very shadow of the Vatican. Indeed, churches are springing up in all directions, and it is said that it is impos sible to obtain sufficient accommodation for the crowds that flock to the Evangelical preaching. At the end of the year ISfiB, when there was considerable agitation in Rome and elsewhere, in prospect of the dissolution of the Convention between Napoleon III. and Victor Emmanuel, Dr. Manning, in appointing a day of prayer, (Rosary Sunday) in England 011 behalf of the Pope, informed the faithful for their encourage ment, that the "Rosary that is, the Rosary of the Virgin was stronger than weapons of .war !" For so far, the weapons of war have been stronger than the Rosary. The Rosary was used to keep the Bible and the Evangelical preachers out of Rome ; "the weapons of war" were employed to get them in. Eor the present, the weapons of war have gained the day. Not that we are unbelievers in the efficacy of prayer. The prayer of faith has often "turned to flight the armies of the aliens ; " and, if need be, it will do so again. But the Rosary of the Virgin is not the prayer of faith, but of unbelief ; for it is a fleoing from God to one of His creatures, which is the very essence of unbelief. And the cause of the Pope cannot be sustained by the prayers of true faith, even in God; for faith must have the word and promise of God on which to build. _ But God has nowhere pro mised to maintain the Papacy ; but He has pro mised to "consume it with the Spirit of His mouth, and destroy it with the brightness of His. coining." And it would appear as if we had seen at least the beginning of the accomplish ment of this ancient and inspired prediction. 3\. I proceed to bring before you another aspect of what I cannot but regard as the work of God. I refer to _ the 'recent discussion in Rome, between the priests and the evaimelicans, on the question "Was St. Peter ever in Rome ?" This, as you are aware, though regarded by us as a point of great historic interest, is a question to which we cannot assign anything but a sub ordinate )laee. It belongs very much to the same class of inquiries as whether Paul ever visited Britain, or whether the Apostle John' suffered martyrdom by being thrown into a cal dron of boiling oil. Neither our doctrinal nor our ecclesiastical system is affected by the decision of the question one way or the other. But it is altogether different with the Church of Rome. Not only, is "the Primacy" with her, as Cardinal Bellarmine expresses it, "the germ of Christianity," but the liomun Primacy. She has staked her all not only on the allegation that Peter was the first Pope, but that he was the first Pope of Rome. "I acknowledge," says the Creed of Pope Pius IV, by which every Roman Catholic is bound, under pain of; damn ation, "the Holy, Catholic, Apostolic, Roman Church for the mother and mistress of all churches ; and I promise and swear true obedi ence to the Bishop of Rome, successsor to St. Peter that is, in the See of Rome, Prince of the Apostles, and Vicar of Jesus Christ." Rome is therefore called "the Apostolic See." The Church of Rome claims to be the mother and mistress of all churches solely by reason of her connection with Peter. Therefore, the testi mony _ of Father Guidi, who closed the discus sion, is not too strong — " It is by the coming of St. Peter to Rome that the Roman Church exists." Most of you have heard something of this discussion, which, considering the subject in debate, _ the place where it was held, and the entire circumstances under which it was carried 011, is, perhaps, the most remarkable and signi ficant, if it does not also prove to be the most influential in its results, that has taken place since the great Reformation. The lecturer here gave a detailed account of the discussion ; the circumstances in which it originated ; the interest and expectation of the Roman peoply ; the assemblage in the hall of the Academia Tiberina ; the main arguments used by the evangelicals on the one side, and by the priests on the other ; the close of the discussion ; and the results as exhibited in the city of Rome. The enthusiasm which the mere prospect of the discussion awakened in Rome may be judged of from the words of La Capitals (one of the lead ing secular newspapers of Rome) on the morning before the debate : — "An event is to take place in Rome to-day which will re-echo throughout all Europe." After the discussion, the same paper said, ' ' Y esterday the whole Roman edifice was overturned in 'the hall of the Academia Tiberina with a great crash. We have been truly astonished at the incapacity of the clerical orators, and by their total deficiency of reasons. Never was it verified as yesterday and the day before that thejSCatliolie edifice is a Colossus of chalk." The lecturer also adduced the testi mony of other Italian newspapers on the subject, and road some interesting correspondence he hacl had with friends residing in Rome. All went to show that a most profound impression had been made upon the minds of the Romans by what had taken place. Some may think that, notwithstanding all that has been said, there is 110 room for the strong statement that the foundation of the Papacy is giving way. Well, I do not say that the hoary fabric is on the point of an immediate overthrow. But innumerable facts warrant the assertion that its prospects are much worse' now than they were even at the time of the great Reformation. Should the loss of the Temporal Power be permanent, and should the Word of God continue to "have free course and be glori fied" within the city of Rome — and these tilings seem to be as probable as any other human con tingencies that can possibly be named— and should the conviction take hold of the minds of the people of Rome, and of the thinking people of other Roman Catholic lands (including Ire land), that the historical fact, or rather allega tion, on which the enormous superstructure of the Papacy is built is incapable of proof, and is in reality capable of the most positive disproof — the foundation of the great Roman temple shall have already begun to slide. The boasted rock of Peter shall be seen to be but a heap of incohesive and treacherous sand. The "battle ments" that human pride and j>resumj>tion and self-rigliteousness have erected shall be. "taken away," for they are "not the Lord's." But the foundation of Divine truth shall remain. What is:- "Roman" will be displaced ; what is truly "Catholic " will endure. The one is among the things that will be "shaken" — that, as I have said, are being shaken; — the other belongs to the kingdom of truth and righteousness and grace, that "cannot be moved." And now that I may not conclude without a message of Gospel truth to you all, I remind you of those beautiful verses of Paul (Rom. i. 15-17), which constitute what may bo called the text of the Epistle to the Romans— an epistle which is a more formidable enemy by far to the Papacy than all the military resources of all the nations. In these verses our brave apostle expresses his readiness to preach the Gospel in the proud capital of the world. He was not ashamed of the Gospel of the Nazareno. It was "the power of God unto salvation." Why was it the power of God unto salvation? He tells us: — Because it revealed "the righteousness of God" — a righteousness, obedience,, merit, which is God's — provided by Him, and offered by Him to every soul of man, Jew or Gentile, to whom that Gospel is proclaimed ; and 'which is unto all and upon all that believe.' If you, are not clothed in that righteousness, not matter who you are, whether. Protestant or Roman Catholic, you are spiritually naked. But clothed in that Divine garment, you are fit to enter the King's palace — the palace of His grace here, the palace of His glory hereafter. May the Lord grant this infinite blessing to us, each and all, tliroudi Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.- — Warder, March 23, 1S72. 