THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY AT NOTTINGHAM. -? The Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney attended the Church Congress at Nottingham, assembled in that ancient town under the presidency of the Bishop of Lincoln and the Bishop Suffragan of Nottingham, to discuss ''The Evidences for Christianity in relation to the current forms of scepticism." The proceedings have been pretty fully noticed in the Guardian, and in other newspapers, but many of the speeches appear to have been little more than summarized, the notices being often more graphic and descriptive than characterized by duo impartiality-especially when the subjects touched upon contained most points on which thinking men are wont to differ. The Congress opened in the beginning of October last, when on able paper was read by Canon Lightfoot. In the evening Session of the first day of the Congress the subject was " The promotion of a deeper unity within the Church, and among Christians generally." This discussion was opened by a paper from Bishop Claughton (the President), and spoken to by the Rev W. Cadman and the Rev. W. D. Mac Lagan the speech of the latter being described as a stirring and effective address. Chancellor Massmgbrcd followed, with an account of what the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury had done in the matter of reunion with the Wesleyans, and new is succeeded by the Rev Emilius Bayley, who recommended, as a first step towards unity, the rope ii of the Act of Uniformity He end he would like to add to that the power of interchanging pulpits with other bodies, but he feared the majority of the Church were not yet ripe for this " I re voice," he continued (with an evident allusion to Archbishop Thomson's quasi Proby train service at Glen- garry), in the small tentative efforts that have recently been made in this direction," but the coroner added, " the storm of disapproval that followed showed him that he had rightly estimated the sentiments of the majority." The Bishop of Sydney then addressed the Congress, but an exact report of his speech has apparently not yet come to hand. What he did say is thus summarised, with considerable asperity, by the correspondent of the Guardian, from which it would appear that he dissented (with some warmth from an exertion of the Rev. W. D. MacLagan, who had said that " Ritualists, though he did not agree with their peculiarities, preached the Gospel as fully as the Evan- generals The Guardian's correspondent says , " So far all had gone on well, when the Bishop of Sydney rose, and in a deliberate and emphatic tone declared that a man must defend the truth, even, if need be, in a court of law, " that unity could not be had without Bubordu, tion, that, if he loved a Roman Catholic, it would be not for his religion, but in spite of it, and that, for his part, he would rather worship at Geneva than at Home. His words were smoother than oil, but they had a peculiar ring of bitterness, and when he sat down it was felt he had succeeded in scattering a. half-dozen apples of discord about the floor of the platform. Happily," continues the writer, " no one stooped to pick them up. The Bishop of Sydney's speech is elsewhere " reported " as follows - The Bishop of Sydney. was very much afraid that the differences of opinion which had been expressed that evening were but a small portion of the didicultie8tu.it beset the cause of reunion. There was no doubt that we ought to seek peace , but we found it almost impossible to give oppression to the real feeling which animated us. Two things seemed to him to be necessary conditions truth and love Of course, where men differed, it was impossible for them not to stand up for their own opinions, and even to maintain them by a resort to courts of law, but what he could not understand was, that when the law had been declared, and when the voice of the episcopate had been heard, there should be such a manifest determination on the part of clergymen to resist the law, and to disregard those whose godly admonitions they had promised to obey. (Cheers ) There could be no unity without subordination, (Cheers ) As to the Non-conformists, he knew and loved many of them, not because they were Non-conformists, but because of the grace of God which he could not but see was in them. He thought the best way of promoting peace would be to abstain from controversy. He did not, however, be- have i bat any approximation to unity could be made by anything that tended towards Rome, and if he were at Geneva, he would rather worship with the Presbyterians there than with the Roman Catholics. (Oh oh') He would rather stand with Howe and Baxter, Chalmers, the Wesley, and Whitfield, than with any Greek or Latin divine that had arisen since the separation of the East and West. (Cheers ) The subject was further discussed by Lord Nelson, the Rev J H. Ryle, the Rev. C. F. Lowder, the Rev. W. Lefroy, the Rev. W. Edwards, and the Rev. W. R. Freemantle, but no vote was taken upon the question, there being obviously a wide diversity of opinion. At a subsequent session of the same Conference, on the 11th of October, a discussion arose upon a paper read by the Rev Ox H Wilkinson, of Pimlico-" The Deepening of Spiritual Life its Hindrances and its Helps among the Clergy and the People." The chief speakers in the discussion that followed this paper were Dr. Winslow, Mr. S A. Blackwood, the Rev. G. Body, the Rev. W. D. MacLagan, Lord Harrowby, Mr Hamblin, the Bishop of Sydney, and the President. The Bishop of Sydney's speech on this subject appears to be fairly reported, and will be read with interest by all. He said We were too apt to forget that the Holy Ghost was a Divine Person, and toe apt to neglect prayer to Him for that sanctifying and comforting influence which He had promised to impart. An old friend of his now gone to his rest (Mr. Haldane Stewart) used to set apart one day in the year at least to pray for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. He would remind his Evangelical brethren that many of the practices which the younger speakers had advocated had long been known in the Church. Confession, if it was termed sacra- mental confession, was a term which the Church did not give or recognise. (Cheers ) The Church knew no sales ment but Baptism and the Lord's Supper, and a great deal of prejudice he believed had been created against a thing good in itself by the adoption of the expression ' sacramental confession -a term which the Church did not sanction " (Cheers ) The President (Dr C. Wordsworth) said It was a matter of inconvenience that any one should come to the Congress so filled with his own personal views that he could not consider the views of others. Contrasts had, during the discussion, been instituted between things which ought always to be taken together. He had heard it said by one speaker that we were to place the Cross before summer, and not the sacraments. For himself, he did not know how they could exhibit the Cross of Christ without the sacraments. When they administered the sacra- ment of the Lord's Supper, they used these words-' This is My Blood which is shed for you and for many for the remission of sins ' As far as he understood the nature of the sacraments at all, they were the application of the merits of Christ crucified, and he therefore did not understand how people could be said to preach Christ crucified without the sacraments. He would speak, too, of hindrances and helps. There had been a hindrance which did not seem to him to be touched upon. He was going to put, perhaps, a aoarohing/ruestion to some present. Were there any of his brethren who were editor, of what was called religions noweapers, er contributors of anonymous letters ? He could only say when he saw, at his often did in the houses of some of his rev. brethren who laid chum to a spiritual life, papers which teemed with anonymous slanders and calumnies against our rulers in Church and State, his own impression was that the spiritual life of that household was not very deep and if it should be the case that there issues from that household those anonymous slanders and calumnies, it showed a great shallowness of the spiritual life in the household. It was a very solemn thought that Michael, when he was dis- puting, did not even bring a railing accusation against Satan himself. How could there bathe deepening of sp» round life in any man who brought railing accusation-,, I am that anonymously end clandestinely andsumpritinuslv even of against the angels of the butcher J How could that be a preparation for a religious and spirits d life-a preparation for dwelling with the angels and archangels ux glory when we did not lead the life of angels upon earth, but were imitating that which was the express characteristic of him who was called Diabolus, for we should ever remember that the word devil meant slanderer and calumniator He would put another searching question to his rev. brethren He behaved a good many of the clergy spent a considerable time in reading, and perhaps writing in, what were called religious newspapers To them he would put this question- Vi whilst they were so doing, had they road the Daily Lessons of that particular day *' Was it their regular practice the first thing to commune with God in His most holy Word .' If it was not, he did not hesitate to say there was no deepening of the spiritual life One who was inspired by the Holy Ghost said,-' Give yourselves to reading, and to exhortation of doctrine He was sorry to say it, but he must confess that the Biblical learning of the clergy at the present time was far below the ra quirements of the ago, and some of those who preached to men, and, he was sorry to add, some of those who spoke. most of spiritual life, were very little familiar with the oracles of life-viz , the Holy Scriptures. The reading of the Scriptures was one of the principal instruments for quickening the spiritual life Let them meditate the first thing in the morning and the last thing at night upon the writings which Booke of Christ. He besought them to abstain from thinking, speaking, or writing evil Lastly, he repeated his hope that there would he owes deliberate study of the oracles, of God, and for his younger brethren he would recommend the study of God a word in the original tongues. ' 