extremely awkward fix. Concluded. las! alas! I find that doublej villain slammed the dhi»r, but CJ it as well I give up all hope cing let out for many days, for I w tberc arc few people come up down this staircase, and none venture so high as thfe tliird floor, under what time,it is. My watch stopped, I know; lor the glass is ashed, and I can feel bits of it king through mv waistcoat lining pricking me. lam quite losing power of spelech. % , breath is ing so short that I could not sibTy scream if I fried. I hear steps ascending the staircase. ' 1 w they will not come so far as third floor. I listen anxiously. , they are coming up.;. Slowly, dily, wearily, clump, clump, ip. It is the postiiiah. He roaches Quisby's door.. He ; pops tier through the slit. The corner t goes right into my eye, and it (crs right down to my feet. It is tter from Pet I know it is It cented with her favorite perfume, collect now she said she would me a letter round to Quisby's aining something of the utmost ortance. Here's a nice position ! in ! With an important letter your lady-love within a yard of r hand, and yet you are unable to h it; I try to speak to the posti, hut iny tongue refuses,to articu- 1 give a faint groan. He stops, something about" Harden lie's ; again," and trip* lightly n the staircase. I recolhaving read somewhere of an being bricked up, and of his ing one gigantic exertion, where iscovered the weak part of the kwork, and bringing the whole ic about his ears, and escaping I his prison. I wonder if I were ex all my muscles at once, and end my body, should I be able to t one door or the other ? I am rinined to try it. 1 put out iy strength, but it is of no use lever. By back becomes more ned than ever, and I feel altoer exhausted. A nice position^ y, iW a respectable gentleman in nineteenth century! Here I am, lintwo minutes walk of Fleetet, within five of Bow-street ice Station, in the very centre of finest legal talent in England, yet I am as much a prisoner as were immured in the Pozzi, wthe Grand Canal of Venice. even hear the monotonous P of the policeman on the flags w> I can hear him chattering n the ticket-porters, and yet I am hie to summon him to my assistc- It must be getting late, lor 1 not see any daylight through the er-slit. Ah ! there go the chimes II the various surrounding relies; as far as my confused ses will permit me to count, it 81 be seven o'clock—the very time "ght to be sitting down to dine " Pet's papa in Russell- square, now he will get into'a terrible rage waiting. I wonder how long he wait? By the way^, talking of r reminds me that l am terribly 8 y. There is a very savory r 1 sausages wafted up thestair- • f t is some of those rascally .clerks below having something a 'or tea after their masters have • l see a glimmer of light fcoming ine staircase. A ray or hope and aL? J lamplighter; ^ I seehim g h t i t i through s t h e the letter^ rdlc , ?ar him breathing ly> and C a weezing a h and grunting. I attempt'to Wout.' I only succeed in making a lioise iike a badly-oiled pump trying to yajvn. The lamplighter does not staiy.a. moment; he has probably heard of Hardenne's ghost, for he rattles down stairs, never once stopping till he reaches the bottom, and I can hear him pattering up the lane at the top of his speed. Afterwards I doze off into semi consciousness; 1 do not know whether I fed' very sleepy, or whether my nthid is givitig way altogether. I rouse a little when I hear a footstep coming up the stairs. I think I shall be able, to speak this time, for I have somehow twisted myself so that my mouth is just opposite the letter-slit. Ah ! I thought so; it is the late postman. I am just about to speak to him when he jjosts a particularly hard newspaper almost into my mouth. Of course it wilj not pass through, whereupon he gives it a savage drive, 1 and says, 'f Yfah;! /go in, yer beast!" 1 and leaves it sticking in the slit. From this circumstance I infer that Mr Quisby isnot very profuse in the matter of Christmas boxes. It is all very well, but .this inconsiderate postman has not only mademy gums bleed, but has entirely stopped up the aperture whence I obtain my supply of fresh air. I cannot reach as high as this with;my hands, so I have no rescources left but to nibble the news paper off J)it liy bit, and this is no easy matter to ; do with vour front teeth all loosened. But it is a matter of life and death ; once stop my supply of fresh air, I knew, in my enfeebled condition, that 1 should soon collapse altogether. So I nibbled away at the paper; it gave me some amusemeut, and I dare say I derived considerable nutriment from the size contained therein, albeit I love not the flavour of printers' ink With the greatest exertion, and witli a feeling of faint exultation, I managed to chew Quisby's newspaper all to pieces, and once more establish a current of Iresh air through thclcttcrslit. It was a cold, chilly night-air that came through Everything was silent except the chimes of the neighbouring clocks. My reason was too far gone to count tbem, but I knew from the feeling of the atmosphere that it must be far into the middle of the night, and that I must have been at work on that miserable newspaper for many hours. There was a deathly 'chilliness coming over my forehead ; .my brain-felt on fire ; my feet were icy cold ; 1 had " pins and needle*'' down my back, and cramp in my left arm. 1 felt painfully wakeful, and yet occasionally I dozed off into delirious dreams. I dreamed I was being crushed in one of the old torture-chambers of Venice ; I dreamed I had been bound up as a book, and was so afraid that some one would attempt, to cut the leaves; I dreamed 1 had been put to bed in a printing press,'and was fearful some one might want to take a pull before I was quite level-; I dreamed 1 was pinned out as ^n eutomological specimen by the King: of Brobdignag ; I dreamed that I had been squashed as a ble.ckbeetle by the Queen of the same country; that my back was a rough deal board, and that somebody was going to plane it; that Quisby, laden with my uncle's gold, was dancing a mad saraband on my prostrate body. When I at|akened .from these wretchcd dreams,Ht was only to find my heart beating like the hammers of a busy ship-yard, my tongue hanging out of my mouth, and my hands almost paralysed. At fast ray heart seemed to stop altogether; my head swam ; [ had no fieeling left; I seemed to float out through the letter-slit; thought heard a rattling of keys; fancied I saw a flash of daylight; I am certain I, heard: some one say, " Lor' 'a mussey !" aud 1 remember uo more.; Many, many weeks afterwards I awoke. I came to myself in " the Charing -Cross Hospital. Since I tripped up the stairs to Quisby's so blithely two months ago, I had become quite an old man." I was grey, hagjjered, battered, and dilapidated ; and I could still fee I the impression of the wood-work of Quisby's infernal door all down my back. I was informed that I was not discovered till late on the Wednesday, which was to have been my wedding-day. The old lauhdress, coming to clean the chambers, had opened the door with her own key ; I had fallen upon her, nearly killing her with my weight, and frightening her almost to death. I had yet to hear the worst of my position. Quisby had bolted with the whole of my uncle's property; he had converted everything into cash, and no trace could be found of him. Pefs papa looked upon me in the light of a swindler, aud Pet herself is married to somebody else, as she absolutely refused to wed a man who was not only a besrsrar, but who was "grained' for Lite.''— From Tom Hood's Comic Animal. 