the mmm. It is notified that the «l«ctrio telegraph baa be*n extended to Fryerstown, acd tHa* the otfico at that placet is cow available to the public The G»*loag Msat Preperviog Coaspaaj has iss\:«d a raosk enoeuraginc rorwrt Dur ing th© fear mctnths tbe vrorks hvre b««n in «x*r&ti-sn; 40, 197 siheop have oeen slftmhUnsd and preewved. Thcss sheep cost tceoME' p&ny; £l«S15i- 9*. 6d.. acd ihtro are «tall shwp to the value c£ £ilSS in. kind. Of caiile1, 274h«*i caK-h&vabeea; kiiiod, Forfcia plate*. £4SS) 6at 3d. hsa bcea p*id ; ««m, £2174 1S&. M.» aadfSIS l^s. 'd. inialm«»; tallow ca&la;, £t-SS 17s. The totel expeasij ktreof the oootpa&ybas; be--a £2^iSffi -Sa. 43. Th* sums to the cwdit ot Ui* ctacpaay «» as -o5k-w» ; — Talkvw s?o\d to tie assssaot of £10,2208*. IW,, Jk»4iar* a *tcwj; ia baud v»lu^d £42is PwsswsjTtsitaeat* to th» asoaaot d £§*SS 6». S3, in rahi« hax« boeaa tiiippex', aud»«tocki» ialuuMl«-ad^i^2Si6ft. id. Sh*ec«kitt» aad bid« acid aad ia k&ad; «r« aa«mooa%oi ij-41719».24 Sai^ctn&tM; brings up tho total receipts to£26,27E 1£ '7d.; leaving a balance to the credit of tht obmpanVof £2072 15a, 3d. for four months Trorfc^This Bum wil bo carried to the oredii of the reserve fund. ? ? ? ? , ?:??'. Mr. Henry Clarke, at Ballarat, is ah tin fortunate man. Not long iirioe his saw-mil] w&tj; burnt down; and on Slonday the boilei at hiB now mill burBt. , ;: , '' iTh'e M. 'A. Mail states that wino making is over in tlie Guildford district The Jjrapes hare been muoh so&roer; and dearer than lasi year, but tho quality of the wine ia mnoi better thaan former years. ' ' ,, , An inquest was commenood into the cause of death, of Ah Susy, , at Newtbwu, , near Beeohworth, on Saturday. There' is suspi cioa of poisoning and cruelty, and the inquost was adjourned for the purpose of an analvsie of the Btomaoh. -r . ?? ? *The GiripsLand Times, 30th April, says that a shoemaker named Smithyat Port Albert, who three years ago was lost for eight daysin the ranges,- has again Buddenly disappeared. He had a largo anm of money in his possession, and ia subject to occasional fits of mania. ' ' i ! ''' , A man named Samuel Lowe,' arrested by the Hoithoote police, has been identified - by Edward M'Tighe as the man who bn Satur day last stopped him while he was driving from Knowsley, presented a double barrelled gun, fand robbed him of twenty-five ahill ? Inge. . ? - : '?-?' '? ' ???:???? ?' \- At the Geelong Circuit Court, Monday, the trial of Michael Clarke and John Clarke, charged with cattle-stealing, lasted all day. Mr. Molesworth appeared for Michael, and Mr. M'JDermott was instructed for John Clarke. The prisoners exhausted the panel,, having challenged no less than forty jury men. The jury, after half, an hour's de liberation, found both prisoners guilty, with a recommendation! to . mercy. Judge. Wil liams sentenced each of them to four years' hard labor on the roads of the colony. . The man named Frederic Ostercamp, who was brought up lately charged with the mur derous assault on a young girl, named Chris tina, .Farkins, residing near .Amphitheatro, and also for assaulting .the girl's father,' was again brought up before Mr.'Carr, P.M., Avoca, and evidence taken iu regard to the . assault on the father, and again remanded, the girl being unable to appear to giye her evidence. It ia reported, that Ostoroamp's mother has beeu in tie uio-dhouBe for the last ten years, and prisoner's conduct in gaol has been very eccentric. ....... . . V ,..'.. . The experiments recently made at Bal larat in the manufacture of earthenware and other classes of pottery were so successful that it has been determined to form a com pany forthe establishment of a pottery. Tho Cmrier Bta'es that as the material cannot be obtained in the neighborhood of Ballarat, this will necessitate the erection of the works near Melbourne^ where the clay was origin ally got. The land bis boen secured . and other arrangements made, and it is intended shortly to float the company in Ballarat. ' To what actor in Melbourne Can ; tho fol lowing, from the' Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Courier, apply?— 'It is rumored in theatrical circles that a well known and popular actor, whose name has been before the public of the Australian colonies for many a long year past, is en gaged upon the preparation of a volume of personal reminiscences of his experience in connection with the stage, which, compris ing, as it most likely will, a large store of racy anecdotes of his fellow professional' — as well as of his own- — adventures, can scarcely fail to prove most attractive reading to the public. I understand that the book in question is likely to appear within the next four weeks.' At Castlemaine on Thursday about three o'clock, the grocery store of Mr. J. Aisken, of Barker-street, took *ire. The conflagration was not extinguished until Mr. Aitken'sshop and that of Messrs. West and lore were destroyed. Tho boBB,' after Borne twenty minutes delay, was attached to the hydrant,' bat no water was ' obtainable, and the fire-., engine had to beset at work. The jRepre eeiualive states that Mr. West ia insured for £800, but he allegeB the value of . -his gopda to be £1500, and that the whole could have been saved if a few, buckets of water had been available in the .first instance, and he is' all the more rendered pcnnileB% inasmuch as ho owes, he says, money to that amount. Mr. Iors is totally uninsured, and Mr. Aitken, the chief imfferer, only partially. ? A correspondent of the Hamilton Specta tor writes that ' a catastrophe occurred^ at Kewarpur station a few nights ago, by which a married woman and family narrowly ca pped bewg burnt to deoth in thoir bedfl. It 'Appears that the woman retired to bed about the usual hour, and some, time during tbo night she was aroused from her slumbers by some crackling noise, and on looking up per ceived to her horror that the |hut was in flames about her. Upon this, she made every possible speed to save herself and family from the destructive influence of the confla gration. It Is really miraculous that tho wo man awoke in the nick of jtime for the pre servation of herself and family. The fire is very likely to have been caused through a log of burning wood rolling againsit the wooden material of which bush huta are usually constructed.' A correspondent vnritea to tho Oniony Advertiser :—' The Inverleigh people are evidently determined that tha Ballarat folks shall not have all the sensational stories about wild men to themsel vea, It is reported [ that a ghost, apparently that of a man, butj with tho alight difference that tholnverlelgh, f^xont, ha« no head, has been seen ?wandering ; about that township for tho last tew even ings. It has been ohaaod by several of the: fleetest of the residents, the oxfefiions of the police have also been secured, but up to the present without success. The last that was; seen of it, 'eo nayoth rumor,' was on the ' bridge making towards Geelong, but it« dis-' appearance was so sudden that tho only way. to account for it was that tho ghost had taken a header into thenludgo for Wai oh the Biver -Leigh is so justly celebrated. One «aroo«tio individual remarked that 'Perhaps it wastbe ghost of the (ireen line.' So certain are a portiori of the Invorleigh people of the appear ance of tbis apparition, that one of its most courageous residents, whon visiting the tieigh Koad last nigkt, brought a double barrelled gun with him, as it would bo after dark when he returned. I have pot yet heard whefchor he suooeeded ia bagging the i The profit* of tho Warraambool Steam Navigation Company for tho half year end ing 31st March, 1872, havo beou £804 9s. 3d. A sum of £15,312 0a. Cd. has ? been paid on account of a now Bteamer ordered from London.: '''? ;'?/; ' __? ;-';'?' ';' '', :'? ???? ? :';;' :'^ j A movement is on foot at Sandhurst; for' the establishment of a loeal bank, under tho title of the Bendigo Banking Corporation, , The Advertiser baa been informed that the whole of tho shares will be immediately dis«' posed 6fr ' ; '? ;; . '.V ; , ' . ' :';u''':': ''' ' The Border i'ost gives as an. example of what may happen In thoao days of border duties, that a person cannot purchase a piebe of Beoond-baud furniture in Albury and talto itinto Victoria without paying some 26 to 30 per cent on the value.1 ; ' ' ?'' '' On Tuesday evening it was reported to the police' at : Hamilton'that a mnrdor1 had been'' committed nt -5rcen Hills.' This baro otato mont is all that was 'known, but a mounted constablo ban been sent in pursuit of tho supposed murderer. ? ,.i j The beautiful lifctlo island in Western Port Bay, Churchill Islaud, has, wo flro 'informed, beoomo the property of Mr. Samuel Amess,i , thelate Mayor of Melbourne, having been' Bold to him for £1450, by the agents of tho owner, Messrs. Stubbs and Co., Collins^ street west. ? ? ' : A coroner's inquest was held at Wan garatta on Thursday, 2nd May, upon a skeleton found on Sunday, at Boughyard'a oat station. The remains wore identified as those of Charles M'Lean, overseer, who dia appeared from Killawarra station in Dooem her, 1869. , The Riverine Herald states that 'Mr. Barbour has just completed a now steamer,.; which he has named the Frne Trailer. He has bIbo purobaaed an old locomotive from the Victorian Government for tho purpose of adapting her to propel tho now boat. Tho engine (No. 38) was one of the first that ran on the Geelong line, and seems little tho worse for wear. ' ? It is suspeoted that a man named William Thompson has committed snioide at Swan-. hill. He has been drinking for Rome days past, and on the 25th April he told a frieod; that ho had the 'blues' coming on, and re quested his friend to stop with him. Since Friday he has not been seen, and a hat and scarf, identified as his, have been found on the banks of the Murray. \- At Ballarat recently two young men named Graham and Grimley had a dispute over a young woman who was servant in the same establishment, and they resolved to see which was beat man by lighting it out,. They were brought before tho pohoo court, when tho benoh took a lenient view of the imatter, and bound them over in rocognisanoes of £20 ; each to keep the peace for six monthq. - ? Lance field is on the tip-toe of expectation. The Chron icle states that 'it is the intention of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Trollope to pay our district a visit. They intend joining an excursion party to the Hanging Rook, and afterwards becoming the guests of a rev.' [gentleman in.thid neighborhood. If such should, bo the case, wo may expect to find' ' mention of our distriot iu some futnro work ! emanating from the pen of this gifted writer.' ? The Wyndham bread -poisoning case,' it seems, is not yet dono with. It was alleged .that tho flour of which the bread was made : had been conveyed to Wyndham in - a truck (having arsenic in it as well. In this way: the poison beoamo mixed with the flour. : Some correspondence has taken place botween the Railway department and the residents of Wyndham on the matter, and tho reply from the Commissioner is to be taken into' consideration at a puhlio meeting at Wynd ? ham on Monday next. - ? Considerable exoitemnnt (says the Bealiba correspondent of the Duiyolly and Bet Bet ? Shire' Express) was occasioned . on Friday! ' ovening, when it became known ithat a little ' girl of about ten yearH, prandaughtcr of Mr. ; Sutton, son. , of this town, was missing. Ifc : appears that on that day, about two p.m., tho child left home to look after some cows, ' andj not returning at night, a search was. in stituted, but without success, till midday on Saturday, when rho ? child, was found at Potty-foot-hill, havinp; jusk clamljered out of an old holo unaided, boibo thirty feet deep, whore aho had passed the night. The poor child was fortunately unhurt, with tho ex ception ot a fow brulaos and aovcro fright, and her friends moist be very thankful for her merciful escape and tho active search kept up all night by so muuy anxious friends. Tho Learmonth correspondent o£ tho Cm wick Advarlifur writes : — ' Thoro arc eomo complaints about tho procrastination of busi ness in connection with, tho Board of Educa tion, Melbourne. . The committee of tho sohool at tho Weatherboard, in tho early part of 1871, executed and paid for, soino necessary repairs iu tho HohooL Towards the liquidation of tho amount a collection was ioado, and subsequently a concert pivou by the Learmonth amataura, which realised an amount nearly equal to the Bum expanded. As for every two ponndu collected by tho local residents the board gives one pound, partioulars wore in duo time fo^ward^d to the secretary in Melbourne, and al though fifteen month* bavo since elapsed, and ropeatod applications made, no money, bat ovaaive answers, have besn reooivod. This unnecessary delay places tho looal oommitteo in an awkward position, as thoy had to borrow money from tho bank to, pay off their liabilities, and are now and' havo for some time boon paying intorost for tho accommo dation. In answer to the latunt: application by the local correspondent, a letter «i» reooivod on Saturday, .the 27th, stating that the matter had bean roforrod to the i» npectbr to report upon. Tho' amiiaing pnrt of thocaao is not only that the matter . ban ; already boon reported upon more than nix ? months ago by the identical inspector, but that tho money haa aotually been granted but not yet forwarded to tho local com- | mittoo.' ? '' ' ; 