HAMLET AMD "PEEPING TOM." | TO '£BE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-I perceive in a contemporary of last Sat lrday that your old turf contributor, "Peeping Tom, comes oat rather strongly 1 in ' be crowing line with respect to Hamlet, anc assumes to himself the sole credit of haying found oat that Hamlet was a great coli Granted tbat "Peeping Tom" discovered Hamlet's great qualities, I wonld refer that "clever" individual to The Avatralasian of Nof. 4, 1871,. jast before the V.R.C. Derby, in jwhich he can read and swallow the following and digest it, if. he can. "I am still inclined to think that Hamlet^ although he palled ap sore after his gallop on Wednes day, afternoon, will show Jus tail very con spicuously in the race, with Miss Jessie and Irish King as his immediate' followers." At the time tt}ia was written Hamlet was almost nnable to raise a gallop, could scarcely have beaten a donkey or "P. T." him Belfj and yet " Peeping Tom," the paid turf . contributor of The Awbralasian, did not know it. Handlet did show his tail very conspicuously with a vengeance, bat at the wrong end. But in tbat bonpeeaUe letter of las, so characteristic of ,the >oi%nL "^Peeping. Tom" forgot to say tbat the first to depart Hamlet before his late victorieswas ^ie very . man who now claims all the -oedit. It is fc fact that !' Peeping £om" yr&s; the very first to throw Hamlet over. "P. T." is algreat man for giving tips and horsey advice gratis, and it isa fact he cannot deny that he prophesied the day before the Leger was run that Javelin wonld win. Yes, Sir, and the good double he gave for the Leger and Cud was "JavdintmdJaveHtil" When Ham let bad won the Leger, of course "P. T." tamed roupd like a weather-cock at once, and went for Hamlet If "Peeping Tom" had done a little more out-door work and ascertained the condition of horses for him Belf instead of. trusting to hearsay and gossip, he i ronld have been more reliable. With the ezp :rienoe he possessed and the opportunities affc rded him when on The Australasian of atfcnding all the race meeting*, "Peeping Toi i" must have been an Idiot, indeed, if he con d not discovarthat Hamlet was a good colt, but others knew it as well as he did, and as soo i. Bat what he did not knowwasjust what bes Jould haveknown, what he was paid to find oat and his ignoranoeof which cost many a reai erof the turf' columns of The Austral ask ndear.''' Peeping Tom" aays he has retired intt the shades of private business. Iam ifela< to hear it and if ne takes my advioe there he'i remain, for l ean assure him that there are reiy few who now Are inclined to say, ".PMpiag Son,'1'U follow tbee/* «lie ltly altering the a notation with which he wtajds up hia bounce. -'Yourtj&o.; T HAMLET'S GHOST. 