ARRIVAL ; OF THE .... 'ENGLISH: -MAIL VIA SUEZ, " ' WITH' NEWS TO 9th MAY. FUETHEE COMPLICATIONS OF,, THE ALABAkiA CLAIMS. ' ' THE GLADSTONE - MINISTEY IN JEOPAEDY. FEAEFUL ERUPTION OF VESUVIUS. : MiUL SERVICE VIA THE CAPE. DR. LIVINGSTONE SAFE. TRI)E BILL AGAINST ' TICHBOENE CLAIMANT. , - THE SPANISH INSURRECTION. ; I AUSTRALIAN MEATS RALLYING. : GREAT DECREASE IN BRITISH , SHEEP, j THE AUSTRALIAN TRUNK RAILWAY. : ; EMIGRATION INCREASING, . GRAND . VOLUNTEER FIGHT. > COPPER STEADY. Anaus Offtoe, 11 a.tn. The mail steamer "arrivod at Mel bourne early this morning, bringing the latest 'English telegrams to tlio 9th of May. . . The Gladstone Ministry stakes its existence on the rejection of iho Dublin University, Test The W ashington Cabinet does not withdraw 1 indirect claims; but will not demand compen sation ; if England will undortako to relievo America from similar liabilities in tho future settlement of the dispute on this basis. The Carlist insurrection in Spain was vory formidable. ., . A fearful eruption of Mount Vesuvius has taken plnce; it lasted 10 days, spreading death and ' devostntion arciund. Many vil lages wore destroy od.. . , , A project is alloiit for a steam sorvico for Australia, via tho Cape, with a capital of one million. .' Dr. Livings! one is reported safe. ; . ; Tho latest telepram reports a hitch in tho Alabama negotiations, tho prospects of the settlement of which are again very clouded. A public funeral has beon ordered for Lord Mayo. The Tichborne claimant has boon bailed out. lhe Carlist insurgents have boen defoated and the insurrection has collapsod. Brigham Young has been releusod The wool sales closed with more animation, the market being irregular throughout the sales ; considerable quantities bavin-' been withdrawn. A great hurricane occurred at Zanzibar, destroying two millions dols. of property, nnd the greater portion of tho town, r "'10 g'!8" Pui ire dead against Sir J?ea Mfmtin and Lord Belmore's complicity The Australian Meat Trade is rallyin-' aad large sales have beon effected. Emigration is increasing. The Tichborno claimant pleaded "not S.i''ty '' to the chargo of perjury, and con- sidorable sums are being raised towards a defence fund. The Prince and Princess of Wales received a cordial welcome at Rome. The Duke of Edinburgh was present at the annual meeting of the National Life Boat Institution, and gavo a graphic sketch of recent life-boat service. 1 ho story of the Secret Treaty, providing a declaration of independence for Canada, has been explained. The University Boat Eaco was rowed in a storm of snow and sloet ; tho struggle was seyero; an accident disabled the the Cam bridge _ stroke oar, but, notwithstanding, Cambridge came in winner. The Conservative demonstration at Mxn- chester is said to be very significant ; D'Israeli being received with overwhelming enthu siasm. Narvaez, the chief of the Carlists, has been driven back to the Eroncli frontier. A late Philadelphia telegram states that L.-rd Granville agrees as to the principle and extent of the responsibility of neutrals, but insists on the withdral of indirect claims. Mr. Secretary Eish considers the proposition unacceptable, nud tho general opinion is that Mombors of the Senate and the representatives are at the back (sic) of Lord Grauvillo. , American journals announce that tho American Government is fully determined not to entertain further compromise re garding indirect claims The Retort Courteous,— Tho Pulldtin of Thurs day list says, ' somo very mendacious, uutriiths have lately obtained curreucy through a portion of tlic ; press." Lately ?— Wliy our : .contemporary to our .'knowledge lias been over a dozen vfinva in DTiefminn Next lib says he found the falsehood lie published under .the. verandah." Thon fie 'shouldn't leave liis 1 office windows open when tlio wind blows. Murdered by the Blacks.— By tlio last Tambo mail we learn Hint tlic body of the into Mr. Wclford wns fouudi floating in a waterliole near the station by Messrs. Rome nud Harris. Mr. Wclford, who had' a station ueiir Isis -Downs, .was an English barrister,- ; and much liked and respected iu . tlio district. A' strong party consisting of . seventeen troopers aiid! seven white meu have gone ;in pursuit of the inur- , dcrcrs, but with what success we have yet to learn. In our opinion all the squatters witliiu a rndius of 50 miles of the locnlity whore tho murders wore com- inittcd, should join in the pursuit aud make a com mon cause of the affair. Those blood-thirsty fiends ..can only be dealt with ' iu one way, .. aud a sharp lcssoii;;'-or ' two properly administered to them, would be attended with bonbfioial results. : It would, iii all probability, be ' a wholesome check upon the butchering instincts of other, tribes, , aud toaoli them to dread the white mail's vcugoauce. v Changing the "Venue." — It Svas reported iu town last niglit that if the minority did not with draw tlicir opposition, and permit the Government to act lis tlicy pleased, it was his Excellency's inteutiou to prorogue the House, and to summons the Parlia ment to assemble nt another place. AVc can hardly believe that liis lordship will take so decided and un popular a step, when ho could, by recommending his advisers to: accept tlio two months supplies, sweep away all difficulties, and set the constitution right again— it certainly would bo the simpler, and un doubtedly tho more satisfactory manner of arranging the present dispute.. Should however liis Excellency determine upon exercising his prerogative, nnil shift the scene of parliamentary operations — we hope ho won't pitch upon Roeklmmplon as the battling ground. The attempt to weaken tho Opposition by making it too cxpeusivo for its members, (generally speaking professional nnd mercantile mon), to attend parliament, would be a new phase in the struggle, both interesting and instructive,, and would tend to increase the respect of tho people for the Govern ment under which they live State of Hospital— For week ending 31st May, 1872 :— Admittod during tho wcolt malos 8, females 1 ; discharged' males 5.; died males 2 (Tliomns Greir and Walter Turner) ; remaining, males 23, females 1, total 24; patients in venereal ward 3. ; Visiting Committee for June, Win, Pattison, Esq., H. A. Risicn, Esq. The " Buck Swan." — Captain Brookes, with a number of visitors on board his ship, made a trial trip down the river: lato yesterday afternoon, to test tho working of hor now intermediate shaft with wnioli slio lias been .fitted in consequence of the former one breaking. Nothing could have been easier than tho action of the maahinery, nnd there was little or no vibration although tho sliip was steaming at tho rate of 9 knots. Tlio Black Swan is not only fast, par ticularly under oauvass, but a first-class sea-boat in heavy weather ; as a woathcrly oraft alio is perhaps one of tlic best ou tho lino, and is under tho oorn- maud of a man who is able to handle lier, or a letter one, when a vacancy occurs. Captnin Brooks, (and wc have before.; observed that tho man as ofton makes tho oliaracter of tho ship as tho ship tlic man), will always command a passenger trade, when its to liolind, as ho is not bottor known than liked, and deservedly so. -Theatre Royal. — The management still continue to produco new farces, new songs, and now dances, and are doing their very best to obtain and keep public patronage ; but tho game is a very uphill one, for the town is so dull, and so few miners and busli- men put in an appearance, that the benches aro not even decently filled more than one ; niglit in the week. We do not believe that if tho best Star Com pany in the colony wore to visit "Rbcklimnpton, they would draw for more tliau one or two nights. On Thursday' liiglit'tlio' company oponed with the glee of' " Have you Been my Flora pass this way," and sang it with considerable effect; this was followed by solos, both sentimental and comic, Messrs. Wiltoa and Turner particularly distinguishing themselves, and recoiving vociferous encores. The " Golden Shoo Dance", by Messrs. Robsou and Wallace is really won derful in its way, and those who are foud of figure dancing should go and sec it. A short but exceed ingly laughable farce followed, in which Mr. Turner . saug a parody upon tho " Mistletoe Bougli" so well that we thought it a pity he should be so often inter rupted by the ghost. To-niglit there will ho a com plete chango of performance. Wines and Spirits. — Wc notice that Messrs. Oaporn and Bcekcrlcg, wine mid spirit merchants, East-street, have . dissolved partnership, and that Mr. Bcokorlcg has oommenced business on liis own ncoount. Wo entertain no donbt but that he will obtain what he asks, " A fair share of publio support." Long and favorably known in Rookliampton, with a perfect knowledge of tho trado, and of the require ments of the town and distriots, ho takes his stand upon a firm basis, aud wo fanoy we shall not ho wrong in prodiothig for liim a prosperous oarecr— to add that wo hope that suoh will bo the case, is almost superfluous. Separation. — A mooting of tho Separation Com mittee was held yesterday at the "offices of tlio soerotary, Mr. It, L. Dibdin. Present : Mr. O'Kauo in the chair. Messrs. I'Erson, Nobbs, Leigh, Feez and Broduitz, Tho socretnry stated' that tho meeting was called for tho purposo of recoiving and adopting tho memorial to Ilor Majesty, and letters in reply to those reccivod from Sir Charles Nicholson nnd Mr. Sedgwick Cowpor. Tlio committee went into a oorn- mittco of the whole, and upon resuming recom mended that tho nioriioi'inl aud letters with somo few slight ndditions ho ndoplcd. j Insanity. — On Tuesday a man named John Robert son wns brought before tho Court for protection ; from tho evidence givon it seems that he has boon for somo mouths past in the employment of Mr. M'Phcrson of Westwood, who always considered that ho was u.vwiuuuigiy eccentric in ms iinints. ui into no nns . carried firearms, and lias threatened to shoot people, it was therefore considered ncccssnry to place him in the hands of constablo Sheridan, who brought him | to Ilockhnnipton. He was exceedingly violent, and attacked the nonstable several times. Dr. Salmond, after examining him, stated that lie considered lie was unfit to be at large, and that medical treatment might bo beneficial, llo wns ordored by the Bench to be sent to the Lunatic Reception-house for; the space of one mouth. Despair. Our contemporary tells us that the " Opposition appear to bo as intractable as over, but theirs is the obstinacy of despair" — may it not be firmness springing from an honest conviction that they arc right? We think so — aud wc fancy tliat a large majority of the people will agree with us. What is meant by a " lukewarm support outside" we catmot understand, because it is certain that tlio in habitants of the capital, of tho chief towns, nnd of tlio most dcusoly populated districts, are with Mr. Lilley. We nro informed by our contempor ary " that there is considerable excitement in Brisbane in consequence of tlio continued obstinacy of tho Opposition." Is not tho excitement rather caused by the obstinacy of tho Government ? Per haps onr Brisbane contemporaries will answer this question. Trees and Shrubs. — Wo notice that Mr. R. L. Dibdin lins been appointed by Mr. Samuel Purchase, Somerset nursery, Parramatta, as his agent in Rock- liampton. Several lots of trees and plants of a very ' superior character, and. carefully packed, have already arrived, and. been submitted to public competition, fetching fair average prices. Mr. Purchase's cata logue presents us with a magnificent list of foreign and native fruit and other trees, shrubs, and flowers, most of which will flourish iu Central aud Northern Queensland. Tlio assortment of aznlias and eamclias is remarkably flue, as is also that of climbing plants. That of ornamental trees and shrubs comprises nn enormous variety, most of which would grace our lawns nud shrubberies, if only ordinary care were be stowed upon thorn. As Mr. Purchase intends to keep up regular shipments, wo nro in hopes that our agriculturists, gardeners, and those who are admirers of Nature's most beautiful gifts, will avail themselves of the opportunity, aud that, they will bo induced to pay more attention than heretofore to arboriculture and floriculture. Catalogues can be obtained from Mr. Dibdin, aud orders given to liim will be promptly attended to. Nugget. — Tlio old Inglewood diggings still keep up thoir good chnraotor ; a nugget weighing 520 ozs., so wo are infonnod by tho Pastoral Times of the 11th May, having boon latoly found there. The Reason Why. — We were some timo before we puzzled out how it came to pass that tho Clermont people were so much in favor of a railway to Broad- souud ; but a light lias lately dnwued upou us, and wo have, wo- think, . found out the." reason why." Clermont is now on tlic high road from Coppcrficld to Broadsoitnd ; consequently it reaps all tho advantages of . tlic enormous copper traffic. If the line bo ex tended from Westwood, to the Mackenzie, this traffic would undoubtedly como to Rockhampton; thus Cler mont would be shut out. , The road to the Mackenzie is almost a dead level, nnd is magnificently grassed and watered, nud teamsters -would nt all seasons of tlic year rather travel by it to Rockhampton than to , Brpndspund over... tho Connor's Range ; :aud if the line, were, extended to the Mackenzie,' ive will guar antee there . would not bo a single team ' left on tlio latter road, after Messrs, Fox and : Adair's contract Sves'complcted— 4ho worst contract, for the welfare of the .colony,' which was over entered into. It is three milcs from Coppcrficld to Macdonald's Flat, the .: point through which the road runs to the Mackenzie ; four miles from Coppcriiold to Clermont and three from Clermont to Macdonald's Flat. Thus by Clermont to the Flat it is nearly double tho distance it is from Copperfield to the Flat, aud tlio Clermont people very clearly sec they would bo completely left in a corner, and that Coppcrficld would become, the great em porium, if the Rockhampton railway lie extended. Now wo would ask, is Rockhampton the principal port iu the North ; the most densely populated and wealthiest town in Queensland, next to the capital,' to be ignored for tlio purposo of supporting Clermont, an inland town, sparsely peopled and of vory third rato importance ? But we argue tlint if a railway bo mado to' Broadsound, Clermont would he no moro than a station on tho road, as Oop- porfiold must bo tho torminus, so that in any case the latter town would completely overshadow and vir tually destroy tho former. Wo have not the slightest idoa tlint tlicproposnlof a lino to Broadsound is mado in sobor oarnost, oven by thoso who would bo most bene fited by it, if it were completed. There is not ono singlo reason why it should he made. In tlio first placo tho line from Wostwood oould bo constructed to tho Mackonzie, with a braneli to Copporfiold, at half what it would cost to construct ono from Clermont to Broadsound, whilo tho traffic returns would not ho so great, booauso tho Rookhninpton line would aocommo- dato tho whole of tho North- Western mineral, and tho Wostorn and Sontli-Westorn pastoral districts ; whorons that from Clermont to Broadsound would be eonfinod to tho mineral aud to a small portion of tho Wostorn pastoral districts. Again, if tho Broadsound lino wero mado, tho wliolo of tho South-Wostern and the greater portion of tho Western traffic would he drawn southward by tho Dalby Extonsion, and the Northern trado and rovonuo would be ruinously affcatod. But placing all other difficulties on ono side wo assort that with presont moans at command wo cannot, nor oven ought to attempt to, carry a railway either over or round tho Connor's Range, to a port which' can hardly aeoommodato a yaolit, and the en trance to which is dangerous and diffioult. Drunkards.— On Thursday, ono man was brought before the Court, 'charged with being drank in tho publio streots ; ho ploaded guilty, and was dismissed with a caution. Yesterday, a woman, oharged with a similar offence, was also disinissod. Wo hopo that his Worship's kindnoss will bo duly appreciated. Assault and Battery. — James Ryan was plaaod in tlio dock on Thursday, charged with having assaulted Mr. Vespermann, of tho Prineo of Wales Hotel. Tlio prisoner, when arrested, was very innoh tlio worse for liquor, but wont quietly enough to tho look-up. Tho proseoutor said ho had no desire to press tho charge ; the Bench therefore fined Ryan one- pound only, anil, in default of payment, olio month's imprisonment in Rookliampton Gaol. Curious, isn't it ?— If tho minority are not to have the right of oheolciug the Government, and 110 otlior al ternative than that of quiotly submitting to the diota of tho majority, what political powor will the Northern members ever havo in tho House of Assembly ? for it is sufficiently evident thoy will always bo in a minority of one to three. Tlio minority in this town show by thoir notions, that thoy oonsider thoy ought to rule, and yet thoy deoloro tliat the majoritg in tlio House ought to govoni tho country. Mr. Palmer has a majority of constituencies, Mr. Lilloy a vast majority of constituents; at tlio last elootion Mr. Fyfo was re turned by a majority of two to one ; therefore, wo are to gather that the people aro not to exert any influ- enoo either in or out of the House. We shall seo what tho people will say to tills. "Look on this Picture then on That." — The following remnrks woro made upon Mr. Fyfe by tho Bulletin in July, 1871:— "Tho Opposition have offered £5 a wook, perhaps tho Ministry will bid another pound or two, or oven fivo, should tho oon dition of partios make tho voto valuablo. If a mem ber in liis extremity bo not blamcablo for accepting £5 from ono party, lio oan soareolyho moro hlomoablo for taking £10 por wook from the other. If a member charged with tho advocacy of Separation can be in duced to oast it on ono sido, nnd proclaim a policy of working liaud-in-hnud with Brisbane — what is to pro- vent liim from selling his constituents in somo other way? What is there to prevent liim from so voting as to saddlo tho colony with an additional two or throe millions of debt, for examplo ? Then there woro tliroo or four professional politicians whoso ostensible objeot was the publio good, tlioir real aim, a portfolio, and m default of that, a billot. It is all vory well for mon to innko a trado of patriotism ; hut when tho speculation does not pay, what beoomos of tho speoulator ? Ho oannot dig ; to beg ho is aslianiod ; hut it scorns ho may, without losing oitlior oasto or self-rospeot, mako himself a publio nuisance in tho liopo of finding in tho Civil Sorvieo a secure refugo for tho dostituto. Dr. Johnson's original definition of patriotism — " tho last refugo of a scoundrel " — was not literally accurate ; but it might safely havo boon defined at tlio Inst rcsoureo of nn adventurer. Wo moan nothing personally offonsivo to any of tho lato lionorahlo gontlomon of tlio Legislative Assombly of Queonslaml ; but roally it is carrying things too far that mon without visiblo moans of support should occupy seats in tho logislnturo, when tho Yagranoy Act allots them coils in hor Majesty's Gaols. Allowing that it is harsli and unoliristian to imprison mon bo oauso thoy are paupers and will not break stones for an honest livlioliood— it is going to tho opposite oxtromo to placo thorn in tho position to mako laws and incur roBponsibilitios whioli may worry or niin their moro industrious follow- colonists." In May, 1872, tho Bulletin says, of Mr. Fyfo after ho had walkod over to tlio Ministerial benohos. "Tho fnot that Mr. Fyfo is tho lawfully olootod representative of Rockhampton m tho Legislature, must-bo recognised, and thoso of liis constituents who opposed his candidature, or who are still sooptioal of _1iib filnoss for tlio post ho ocoupios, aro quito at liliorty to record thoir approval of his public acts without incurring tho oliaigo of inconsis tency." Thus wo learn that Mr. Fyfo whon m Opposi tion was only fit to bo allotted a ooll in hoi Majesty's Gaol, hut, now that ho is on tho Ministerial sidorho is to bo Biipportod and rooognisod. What an accommo dating conscience our ooutcmporftry is blcsbed with, suro-ly, 