SPOILED CHILDREN. rFrom. the QuetnJ ■. Surely nothing in the world is so de glightful as a sweet-natured, well-con j ducted child—nothing much more dis | agreeable than a spoilt one. Indeed, it )f seems to be a law of nature, general if -j not invariable, that in proportion to the | delightfulness of a tiling when at its best is . its unpleasantness when at its worst; and ' there is no question about the law obtain t ing in the matter of children. A charm » ing child, however, is not necessarily a < quiet one. On the contrary, quiet chil s dren are often quite as objectionable, | and as much spoilt in their own way, if j not so actively troublesome, as the turbu J lent; and a young creature who is too ^ docile and too subdued for its years is as <s painful as anything else unnatural. But * there" are two kinds of turbulence. There J is the riot of high animal spirits, of in f tense vitality, of the physical need of *, constant motion, of the moral absence of ■I reflection and of thought, belonging by j? nature to youth. And there is the tur bulence springing from all these causes, with the want of discipline super- added. Now, this question of discipline is just the most difficult of all the details con nected with the fit management of chil dren. Discipline commonly means sup pression as the negative side, andcorrection as the active ; only in exceptionally en lightened families does it mean the teach ing of self-control and obedience—or the surrender of an ignorant will to he en lightened—by such appeals to the reason as a child can understand, and by such appeals to its affections as will touch its { heart and conscience. For, let it be re- j membered, the affections of childhood are its conscience ; the only one it knows ; in which lie the germs of the future con science of maturity—love and fear being the sole schoolmasters intelligible to the youthful soul. It is only experience that produces thought, judgment, reflection, and regard for the idea of abstract duty, out of which collectively we form our conscience. Until these things have come by time and the ripening of the years, there exist but the affections on which the teacher can work. Two great mistakes are made in ordi nary education ; the one is to forget that in the child resides the future man, and that the whole of childhood is but a building up of and preparation for ma turity ; and the other is to forget that the child is not the man, and that faults and follies springing from thoughtlessness mainly, which would be reprehensible in maturity, are natural to and innocent in youth. With the one mistake we get the spoiling which comes by over-indulgence ; with the other wo have the mischief of overharshness, and the suppression of the free instincts and impulses of youth. The one system turns out its creations self-in dulgent, proud, cowardly, weak, or sen sual, as the case may be; the other makes them sly or defiant, of stunted mental growth, or of a perverted intellect, or with a moral mist somehow, and either subdued and melancholy for life, or rol licking and dare-devil, according as their nature takes the given impress indelibly, or revolts against the coercion; to wliich.it has been subjected till it touches the op posite extreme of lawlessness. And al ways the harshly treated have bitter re collections of home and parentage that remain, the mournfullest background the human memory can have. The one sys tem diligently nurtures weeds, the other as diligently nips off buds ; the one is a soil too fat and rank, the other a sandy desert, poor and denuded, wherein very little beauty of any kind can grow. Mid way between the two lies the only true system of rational education—that which is what its name emphatically implies, a leading forth of the mental and moral na ture according to the best'models and its own needs and directions, but neither pampering nor suppressing. Nothing is much more painful than the presence of spoilt children, of whose unpleasant qualities only the mother is oblivious ; or it may be the father, if be is what craniologists call philoprogenitive to an unusual extent; the spoilt children to whom she—let us understand that in this case the lesser induces the greater— devotes herself with zealous energy, and to whose pertinacities she attends with a devotion that is almost pathetic, because so sincere and so misplaced. Grant that it would be a cruelty to keep "the lit tle creatures still—for is not childhood the age of perpetual motion ?—yet you don't want them i» be climbing on the hack of your chair, scampering over your sofa, riding on the arms of your couch, bolstering each other with your cushions, turning somersaults from the ottoman, tilting the occasional table, and handling every perishable article you possess. Yet this is what they do when mamma brings them with her a visiting, and you can scarcely be expected to enjoy her con versation on &uch; occasions. She is ab sorbed in her progeny, and attending to their incessant interruptions, while you yourself can give only a divided attention to her, your mind being distracted for the fear of your property on the one hand, and for nervous irritation at the tumult about you on the other. Then it is a good thing for children to be affectionate, and even familiar, in contradistinction to that shyness which puts its finger into its mouth, hunches up its round smooth shoulder, and sidles away with bent head and half-sulky half-timid eyes, as if you were one of Grimm's goblins intent on its destruction. But you don't want a spoilt darling to dangle astride your knee, make free with your watch, your studs, your shirt-front, your test gown, your doubt ful tresses. But, putting aside the discomfort caused to friends and guests, which to the mother indulgent weighs not a feather's weight against the pleasure assumed to be be stowed on the children spoilt (which is also a misapprehension of the true nature of things), the spoiling of children by over-indulgence is such an evil to them selves ! only less pernicious than spoiling them by over- harshness. It makes them so utterly unfit for the after trials of life, so sure to come, if they have never learnt, to control themselves, to subdue, to sa crifice of their own free will. Mind, we do not say that children should be made good by whips and hard words; but they Bkould be led to the acceptance of dis agreeable duties, reasoned with, heartened into the work of self-abnegation, coaxed, if you will, to learn by experience that the thing is not so bad when resolutely encountered, and that everyone is happier who does the right, though unpleasant, rather than the wrong, though agreeable. Only we should be careful to use the creature according to its strength, and to conduct it tenderly through the paths, so steep and difficult, that lead upward ; not starving it in the desert, nor yet smothering it in mingled flowers and weeds. " The child ' is father to the man," and as we train so will the tree grow—as we prune so will it. bear. The spoiled child will never be the noble man; and though after circum stances may modify, tliey will never wholly change, the direction of that early first-laid foundation. Mr. W. P. W'ilsliire writes to the ' Herald':—The preservation of meat with white clay is an infallible method, and cannot be put down by mere scep ticism. A convenient way for private families is to have the clay ground to an impalpable powder, and merely enclose the joint in a wrapper of calico dipped in brine (or not), and press the powder closely round it, so as to have three or four inches in thickness. The wrapper keeps the joint free from contact with the powder, and it will, at the end of any period desired, prove to be better, and far more wholesome, than when first got from the butcher. A case of any kind will do to keep the meat enclosed. It will be better to perform the experiment early in the morning. A box of pulve rised charcoal will probably answer the same purpose. The ' Murrurundi Times' states that at Sag Creek, recently, a shepherd Earned Charles Boeck was found dead. A dog was harking and running round the body. Boeck had been ailing for some time.— A young man, named M'Farland, had his arm broken on Thursday last. He was driving a team of horses, when the leaders swerved round and jammed him against a sapling, breaking his arm about four inches from the wrist.—A very pain ful accident happened to a man on Thurs day, which occurred from want of pre caution. It appears he was using what is termed a twitch stick to fasten a load on a dray, when it sprang back and struck him on the nose, breaking it, iind otherwise bruising his face.—Sergeant Du Vernet is recovering from a dangerous attack of English cholera. The ' U. H. Courier' says :—As Mr. Johnston, of Aberdeen, was sitting at the window of his house on Saturday last, a flash of lightning struck tiie roof of the building, broke three panes of glass, one immediately each side and one above him, leaving the centre and the sitter intact. A number of shingles were torn from the roof, and some other damage was done.— On Saturday, at Warland's Range, a hawker with his wife and children was coming down in his cart; the wife at her earnest entreaty was allowed to get out and walk. The cart had not proceeded twenty • yards further when the horses plunged, and the man was thrown out and killed on the spot.—Mr. C. Clen dinning was badly bitten by a snake in the throat at the Springs early this morn ing. Br. Pierce is in attendance. It is conjectured that the man who fell over Boudi cliff is a person who went, there to gather ferns for Mr. W. Bradley's garden, as he is missing. Iodian Jugglers.—I dare say you bave read an account of one of tbe Indian jug glers. A man presents himself with a basket and a little boy. He says you will now see this boy cut up, aDd utterly de stroyed. He puts bim into tbe basket, and takes a sword and pierces tbe basket in every direction. Ton bear the dreadful cries of tbe child. Tbe man draws tbe sword ont, covered witb gore, and uncover ing tbe basket, no boy is to be seen. This trick perplexed me for a long time. At last a yonng man who bad examined very minutely into tbe affair, told me the man never would perform tbe achievement when the ground is hard and compact, only where there is loose sand. On the night previous to tbe feat, a person is sent to dig tbe esrtb and loosen the sand. When tbe child is broogbt forward he beginB to work his way into tbe earth, tbe juggler performs his tricks, collects his money, and departB. Tbe child remains under ground until nightfall, makes his way from the earth, and joins the man. People would say. How could a person remain there without air? But there are some people in India who can remain under ground without los ing their life. Captain Aspert, of the Bri tish army, narrates thBt upon one occasion, a fanatic undertook to bnry himself for forty days. A place was dug and the man pot iDto it. After forty days he was brought ont more dead tban alive. Restor atives were applied, and tbe man was seen to walk and talk in a few hours. This feat he was accustomed to perform two or three times a-year.—Indian Correspondent. A Feline Ghost.—In the hannted neigh bourhood of North Peckfaam, I happened to hear a rather fanny "ghost" etory—a capital one, by the way, for the Spiritual ists, bad not the "ghost" in question been detected. It appears that at a certain house in East Snrrey Grove, some short time ago, there used of an evening to be a most mys terious knocking at tbe front door. When it commenced it was set dowD to tbe credit of mischievous boys, and the good man of | tbe house determined to detect and punish the delinquents. About the hour tbe annoy ance usually happened, he took his stand behind the door, with a good cane In his hand, and waited anxiously tbe coming of tbe depredators. He bad not long to wait before he beard a most mysterious scramble against the door, followed quickly by a rat a-tat at the knocker. He threw open the door, and sprang ont in a moment; but lo! not a soul was to be seeD, and there was not a sound of a retreating footBtep! Another night be watched with the same resnlt. The mystery now began to create some alarm Id tbe household, and tbe master, who was no believer in ghosts, transferred hie vigils to the parlour window, where he could see whether anyone ap proached tbe door. While be was tbns en gaged, a sadden rat-a-tat was heard. No one had gone in, no one had come out! Mystery of mysteries! He began to tbink there were more things in heaven and eBrth than he had dreamt of in his philosophy. Still, he wonld not give in, bnt resolved to try another plan. Going out into the street, he stood and watched his knocker. As he did so, he made the astounding dis covery tbat the delinquent was a cat! The animal approached, sprang up at the door, inserted one of its hind feet in the key- bole, while with its fore foot it performed lively variations upon the knocker. Now, even a cat muBt have bad some object in view in knocking at the door, and my informant, who was of an enquiring tarn of mind, en deavoured to solve tbe problem, and this is tbe solution at which be arrived—Mr. Grimalkin was undoubtedly coming a-court iDg.—Sontb London Press. Presentation of a Silver Cradle.—Tbe presentation of an elegant piece of plate to tbe Mayoress of Swansea, in honour of a sod having been born daring the present mayoralty, took place tbe other day. Tbe testimonial consisted of a flower-stand centre-piece in solid silver, in tbe Grecian style, chased and festooned, witb the cradle and infant in tbe centre, with elaborately cat- glass aesiette, and trnmpet-sbaped glass si top for frolt and flowers, tbe whole rest ing on a massive pedestal most exquisitely wrought. On a panel of tbe base is en graved the following inscription:—"Pre sented by tbe Municipal Council of Swansea to Mrs. Washington Hamilton Brown, on the occasion of tbe birth of her eon, Norman Bond Brown, during the year of her hne> hand'® mayoralty, 1871." ; A Runaway Engine.—One of the most remarkable railway disasters occurred early on November 11 on tbe Monmouthshire Bail way, between Fontypool Road Station and the Waterloo Junction, Newport. It appears that a break-van and engine were standing at tbe Pontypool Road Station, , and were being got ready to take on a goods train, one of tbe cleaners being engaged in oiling the engine. The driver was tempo- . rarily absent, and the engine started withja break van in front, on its way to Newport, passing tbe intermediate stations with lightning Bpeed, clearing every obstacle. Between tbe Mill-street Station and the Waterloo Junction no less than fifteen gates, which close in the line at the respec tive level crossings through tbe town, were in some cases shivered to atoms, in others doubled np and splintered, and in two or three instances were carried clean away. Tbe damage was not confined to tbe gates only, but signal-posts, telegraph-posts, sig nal-boxes, were frightfully damaged. Some handsome wrougbt-iron gates, which were worked by hydraulic machinery, were completely smashed into bits, together with tbe signal-posts, lamps, SDd other ap pliances. Splintered pieces of wood and also iron were to be seen maDy yards dis tant from where the respective damage ac tually occurred. After clearing an In numerable number of points, tbe runaway engine was brought to a standstill by tbe break-van getting off tbe line a short dis tance beyond tbe Waterloo Junction, where it ran into an embankment. The engine was but little injured, but the van got con siderably dBinaged. It is conjectured that by this time tbe steam must have become almost exhausted. It is most providential that the circumstance occurred at the time it did, for had it beeu earlier on Saturday evening it ia believed that a fearful sacrifice of life would bavo resulted. Forest Fires.—It is a remarkable coinci dence, tbe ' New York Album' says, tbat tbe two greatest fireB of tbe century should have occurred at the same time and in the same neighbourhood. The great& promi nence of Chicago jpade us for a time ignore the losses in Michigan and Wisconsin, but the papers are now filled with long lUts of the dead aod injured, whole commnoitiea having been obliterated. It is a frequent thing for the forests to be on fire in the autumn ; indeed, so common is it, a farmer alwsys explaics any undue haziness id the atmosphere by the assertion that "tbe woods are od fire." Some philosophers thick the treeless condition of the prairies of the . West and of tho great natural mea dows of South America Is owiog to this, and not to any inherent defect of the soil. One curious fact connected with this is that the vegetation which sprlngB up the Beasou after is always different from its predecessor. Where pines wave oak will follow, and where spruce was maples come up, and do in such myriads that imagination is puzzled to tell where they came from. TbiB will he the case undoubtedly Dext year iu Michigan. The Belgian consul has called a meeting of bis countrymen to take measures for re lief of those communities of Belgians which were settled in the region of the great fire, and we presume his example will be fol lowed by the Dutch consul. Tbe Hol landers bad several large and very flourish ing villages in that neighbourhood; so much so was this tbe case that in one place it was much more easy to be understood in Dutch thaD English. Two newspapers were printed in tbia language iu one of the villages which were consumed. Came over with the Normans.—The origio of the word "puffing" is curious. In France, at ODe time, tbe coiflure most in vogue was called pouff. It consisted of the hair raised as high as possible over horse-hair cushions, aDd then ornamented with objects indicative of tbe tastes and history of tbe wearer. The DnchesB of Orleans, for example, on her first appearance at Court, after tbe birth of her sou and heir, bad ou her pouff a representation, in gold and enamel, most beautifully executed, of a dartery. There was the cradle, and the baby, tbe nurse, and a whole host of play things. Madame d'Egmont, the Duo de Richelieu's daughter, after her father had taken Fort Mahon, wore on her pouff a little diamond fortress, with sentinels keeping guard. Such is the origin of the word poff. Editing a Newspaper.—Editors as a role are very reticent, in connection with their own business. A contemporary, however, thioks it right to say :—*' We never could see tbe virtue of tbe boast which is so often made by tbe papers and magazines, that eo large a proportion of their pages is original. Snch .origioalily is often main tained to the detriment of the paper. The beBt exchanges of onr acquaintance are by no meanB those which have tbe: greatest amount of original matter. There is more of editorial tact and talent required to make proper and practical selections, than Is pnt in requisition by the production! of the vanntiog original papers, who seem to con sider originality as the only requisite for a good periodical. A good newspaper is al ways dependent upon other resources than its own. And the boast of b periodical that it is entirely original, iB too often I like the boast of a library if it efaonid claim to have tbe production of ody one author.'^ Driving a Hard Bargain.—Tbe ! anecdote respecting the liberality! of the Chancellor of tbe Exchequer is vouched for by a suburban paper:—Tbe other! day Mr. Lowe, walking in tbe High- street'of Croy don, descried an apple-woman. Wishing to make a purchase, tbe Chancellor of tbe Exchequer crossed, over to tbe itinerant vendor, and entered into a bargain for a pnnnet. After some higgling, it was ar ranged that Mr. Robert Lowe should be come owner of a threepenny pnnnet for tbe sum of 2d. Tbe Chancellor seemed pleased with his purchase, but be shortly came back to point out tbat one of tbe apples w&b; bruised. " The Hon. Florence Cowper," who gave her age as 26, was indicted at the Middlesex Sessions tbe other day for having stolen two epooDB, value 12s., the property of Mary Ann Rimes, and a watch, value £8, the property of William Foster. There was a third indictment against her for ob taining a ring from Joseph Gower by means of false pretences, with intent to defraud. The case taken was that of Ann Rimes, and it appeared that she was an elderly widow lady, and tbe prisoner went to lodge with her on October 11, and left on the 14th, and on the following morning she missed two silver teaspoons, which she had since seen at the pawnbroker's. She had never authorised tbe prisoner to take them. These spoons were pawned at tbe ehop of Mr. Page, 159, Marlborough Road, Brompton ; but George Bliss, the assistant who took tbem in, coold not say by whom, altbongb the prisoner's face was quite fa miliar to him. The prisoner said the Bpoous were her own, and there were many others like them in tbe possessioh of Mr. Baylls, her former husband. The jury found the prisoner " Guilty," and the other indictments were. not gone into. Mr. Harris said that the prisoner was a noto rious swindler, and. had got largely into tradesmen's debt, and never paid tbem. The prisoner Bald she had been presented at Court, and all her debts bad been paid j by the trustee* of Mr. Baylls, her late hue baud, who was worth £20,000. Detective King gave a long account of tbe prisoner's career. It was to the effect that Cooper, prisoner's second husband, was now Insane, and that she bad dissipated a large fortune he had when he married her. She had been previously married to Bayiis, from whom she was divorced. Cooper wan a well- conducted man, but both he and tbe prisoner drank heavily. She was 34 yean of age, Bud not 26 aB she Btated, and about 12 yesre ago was pisced in a school, under the name of tbe Hon. Miss Grey, by a nobleman. She bad also been in an In stitution for Fallen Women. She had a child, which, it seemed, had been taken from a baby-farm, and tbe judge ordered that tbe authorities of the parish of St. Pancras should be communicated with re specting it. The judge sentenced prisoner to be kept in penai servitude for five years. Tbe prisoner left tbe dock protesting her innocence. At a later period, of the day the woman who had charge of the prisoner's child attended the oonrt. It was stated that she was the widow of a master sweep, and bad four children of her own, so that the care of this one increases a burden by no means light. It was arranged that the child should continue in tbe woman's care till next session, and in thejnesn time soma arrangement is to be made for Ustnatuton ance, and for compensating tbe wftnja for ^ her care of it. A Work of Art of a somewhat 'unique character has been presented, on tbejfftart of the * Daily News,' to Mr. Henry Lsbootjbere, whose letters in its colnmns, under tbeSltle , of " The Besieged Resident," attracted", much interest during the alege of Paris. It is an exact copy in silver of the celebrated \ fortress of Moont Valerien, the most power- ' fnl of the defensive forts of Paris. The-'' trophy is 2 feet 7 inches in length by 2 feet high, Bnd 14 inches broad. On tbe top of the hill atand the barracks and offioera* quarters, in plain silver, also tbe two great pieces of artillery by wbicb St. Cloud was destroyed; somewhat lower down, and at the side, are seen a chBpel Bnd a martello tower with tbe tricolour waving from it. The silver part of the work rests on a basis of vert antique marble, which represents tbe outward embankment of the ditcb. The stand iB of red marble, ornamented with six mortars and twelve cannons, together with groups of piled chasaepots, and accoutre* meats, also In oxidised silver. The trophy, which is tbe production of Mr. Streeter, la ingeniously made to serve either as a centre ornament or as a massive cigar stand. Discovery of a Skeleton near Windsor.— Some extensive earth-works in connection with the new drainage system of Windsor Castle are now to progress near Old Wind sor. A piece of land about 16 acres in ex tent has been selected for tbe reception of the sewage from the CaBlle, and on thla land some fifty men of tbe 2nd Battalion Coldstream Guards and a number of la bourers have been employed Id raising a lofty bank to restrain the floods from the Thames. While digging Privates Harness and Bowen discovered a human skeleton. It wae interred at the depth of abont three feet in tbe ground. Hot a vestige of cloth ing was found, bnt upon the skull, which was separated from tbe body, a penny piece, bearing the date " 1862," was fouod. One of the fingers had a ring upon it, of a keeper-like shape. A Turkish Romance.—Some months ago, as the Sultan was returning home to Dolma- baghtchS after sunset from a country drive, his carriage passed the house of a Greek family named Kapari, Using in a badly-lighted part of Nichan Tash, on the slope lead ing down from behind tbe military school at Pancaldl to tbe valley of Beshiktash, when a couple of tbe children ran along beside the horses, burning Bengal lights to show tbe way. This happened on two occa sions, and on the Sultan, who was pleased with these marks of attention, causing enquiries to be made, be found that the Kapari family had been sufferers from the great Pera fire, and were not, in consequence, in such easy circumstances as they had formerly been. His Majesty thereupon, with a generosity and spice of romance which form part of his character, took a friendly interest in their fortunes. The father was provided with a pension of 1000 p. a month, and a place in the mint; the eldest boy was also r-v— into the public service; and two daughters were betrothed to two of the palace officers of the Greek religion, Khristo and Toutor Aghas. The marriage of the elder with Khristo Agha was celebrated at the palace of Dolma-baghtch£ with great rejoicing, and a sump tuous dinner was given, at which all the imperial aels and other servants and officials and a number of the Sultan's aides-de- camp attended. Several m«mh«n of the press were alsopresen t, Khristo having formerly been connected with the administration department of the 'levant Herald' and other local papers. The marri age of Toutos Agbs with the younger daughter will take place shortly. His Majesty has supplied the girls with abundant and handsome marriage trous seaus, and is causing two commodious houses to be built, and suitably furnished, at Kishan Tash for both young couples. The Koh-i-Noor.—The superstitious Hindoos be lieved that the diamond brought misfortune to who ever possessed it. It is said that in the seventeenth century it was given to the already nominated (let us say that this phrase means before-named in this text; it has nothing to do with the accession of the monarch in question} Grand Mogul Arung-Zeb, and from that hour his dynasty began to degenerate, every son be ing worse than his father, until 1739, when the last of these sovereigns, Mobamed-Schah, In the sacking of Delhi, his capital, wee deprived of the ill-omened jewel by Nadir-Schah. The conqueror was assassi nated by his generals on his return to Penis, and the diamond fell into the hands of one of the conspirators, Ahmed-Schah-Doarenee, founder of the Affghan mo narchy, whose history is a perpetual succession of crimes. Runjeet Bingh, Schah of the Punjaub, or Five Riven, seized it from the last of the Affghan kings of Cabool, Boujah-Schah ; and, in order to de prive It of its fatal influence, he dedicated it to (In J) the Temple of Juggernaut. But his successor, not respecting the paternal will, took it from the temple, and the Pnnjaub became snbject to England. It is said that the English East India Company purchased it for 6,900,000 lire. Lord Dalhousie presented it to Queen Victoria In 1849; end the superstitions Indian subjects of Great Britain, always retaining the same idea, attributed to tbe Kob-i-noor the revolt of Delhi, and the death of Prince Albert—"Gems." Motes and Extracts by Angusto Castellani. No Scholar.—Charles Erskine, afterwards Lord Justice Clerk Tinwald, was at the age of twenty a teacher of Latin in Edinburgh University. On one occasion, after his elevation to the bench, a young lawyer, in arguing a case before him, nsed a falsa Latin quantity, whereupon his lordship said, with a good- natured smile, " Are you sure, air, you are oor rect in your quantity there?"—rhe young counsel was nettled at the query, and retorted petulantly: "My lord, I never was a schoolmaster."—" No," replied the judge, " nor, I think, a scholar either." " I wish I had your head," said a lady to her law yer, who had just solved a knotty point for her.— "And I wish I had your heart," responded the law yer.—It was not long before the lawyer's head and the lady's heart went into partnership for life. Test of Friends.—An eccentric old gentleman, la order to test the sincerity of his pretended friends, one morning hung out a piece of stair carpet out of his first-floor window, with a sheriff's auction an nouncement affixed. It had the desired effect. It was like firing a gun at a pigeon-house. The following curious story is from an American paper" A crazy man got into a St. Louis judge's seat, and * opened court' in a lively manner by firing pistols at the lawyers." We cabled for fuller particu lars, and are in a position to add that the lunatic was under the idea that he wae the judge, and that (he pistols contained nothing more deadly than charges—to the jury. A provincial seeing a lady driving, and her groom with folded arms behind, thought " that fellow must pay that nice-looking girl a pile to drive his carriage for him." Complaisance renders a superior amiable, an equal agreeable, and an Inferior acceptable. Alluding to chignons, Mrs. Clever said, " A girl now, seems all head." " Yes, till you talk to her," replied Mr. Clever. When does a man impose upon himself f—When he tazei his memory, Mr. Jas. Hagley, master of a steam ship, died lately, at Adelaide, from sun stroke. The directors of a large company at Sandhurst lately gave the miners em ployed notice that they would be required to work either eight and a half hours for £2 2s. per week, or ten hours for £2 5s. To both of these proposals the miners ob J'ected, requiring the wages which they iave been receiving, £2 5s. for eight hours. The Hay paper states that in Dec. an old man left thdt district for Dubbo,: to spend his Christmas there. Water failed him, and it is supposed being unable, through the excessive heat, and his ad vanced years, to retrace his steps, he lay down and perished. Had he been able to go but half a mile further he would have found water. There was nothing on his —-person to indicate who'he was. His re mains were buried in the place where they were found. About six miles from: Bourke, recently, Constable Percival shot'ablackfellow, who was in custody for spearing a shepherd. He was the same native who escaped from Percival a few weeks back. It appeared he made a desperate attempt to escape again, and, after a very severe hand-to hand fight for a good lialf- liour, the con stable was obliged to shoot him, the bul let erftering his forehead and *killing him instantly. He was exonerated from blame f| " r^r 111 says :—The Go dissolving the Par a * Gazette Extraor Svernment Printing iarl Belmore returned >t . e ordinary train yesterday , and> it is therefore expected ..tliat the writs far the election of members ,'jp the Legislative Assembly will be issued pSrom 'the Colonial Secretary's office either i; f%o?day or to-morrow. • ■ *On Monday John Hurley, aged about 85 years, died while being conveyed in a cab to the Sydney Infirmary. He had been ailing for a week. James Devlin died on Saturday in the ' Forbes gaol, from typhus fever. Telegram, from Brisbane, in Tuesday's ' Herald' :—368 tons of stone from No. 1 North Smithfield, Gympie, have yielded ozs. of gold.—A teamster, named .■cy, arrived at Normantown to-day, on t, from Carron Creek. During, tlie 3 heavy rains he had been detained by Jupthihree other draymen and a mail , thirty miles from Carron Creek. Several horses and bullocks were drowned, and many others lost, amongst the latter the horse of the mailman. A Miners' Protection Association has been formed at Sandhurst in the Protec tion interest. A shocking case of maternal cruelty has been discovered near Beechworth. It is stated that a woman named Emily Harris f.iir'-Tr' in t*,e town, leaving her chUd/toree years, locked up in a hut on the Chiltern Road for nearly three days without food before it was discovered by the police. John Gee, wlio will be 100 in April next, broke his thigh in Hobart Town on the 22nd ult. 1 A child was nearly poisoned recently in Adelaide, from eating apricot kernels. The grape crop in the Bathurst district promises to be very heavy. A man named Edward Duggan, em ployed on Pullaming station, died re cently, it is believed from excessive drink x Ing and exposure to the sun. mU ' Maitland Mercury9 says Saturday, the Coroner held an in- ! uest at Mount Vincent, touching the • eath of James Caliaghan, about 21 years. From the evidence, it appeared that be tween 11 and 12 on Friday forenoon, the little lad followed his elder sister to the barn, and they were returning when he cried, and the girl then saw a death-adder gliding away from him, and observed two marks on his foot where the reptile had bitten him. She brought him into the houBe to her mother, who saw two spots of blood where the fangs had entered the foot, and carried the little fellow in her arms to Mr. Bartlett's place, but Mr. Bartlett was out, extinguishing a bush fire, so the poor woman returned to her -s-lioffie, sent for Mr. Bartlett, cut out the flesh at the place of the bite, bound a ban dage tightly round the limb, and started for Maitland in a dray to get medical as sistance. The child died on the road, the death agony being preceded by tlie throwing up of blood, and convulsions, and following the bite in about an hour and \- a-lialf, A cousin of deceased, an older boy, found the death-adder near the shed and shot it in two; and Mr. Bartlett, who came soon after, and saw the head apparently still alive, burnt the mangled reptile to avoid further possible accident. The finding"^! ** Death from the effects of a bite from a death-adder." In consequence of there being no pro spect of Government officers receiving their salaries for two months at least, the Civil Service Co-operative Society of Syd ney is giving credit to its customers until payments shall be resumed. \- i The Rev. J. N. Mackray, who declined Hi the Principalship of St. Andrew's College, and wlio is about to leave for England, was lately presented by his friends with a complimentary address and a purse containing £200. Rewards are offered in Victoria for the discovery of an unusual number of purely malicious crimes—such as the firing of two stacks of hay, also of a bush fence, the poisoning of 60 turkeys, and the cut ting-down of a number of vine-trees close < to the ground. ^ _ . We never remember to have heard, m any former season in the colony, of so many cases of sunstroke as have lately oc curred. Mr. Daniel Howell, who a short time ago received a sunstroke at Gunning, is dbad from its effects. And a young man named Marshall died at Yass, a few days back, from a similar cause. 1 S. Lang, an old cplonist, Afas burned out by the grrat Chicago fire. ■ j£e }08t a number of valuable documents. He had stayed at Chicago for a few days, while on his way to England. On Sunday, at Manly, Port Jackson, a lad named Williamson, through a plank tipping, fell into the water. J. L. DaVis, aged 12, a son of the Jewish Rabbi, plunged in and brought lum ( ashore. As Williamson could not swim, J and only the two lads were present, there iB no doubt he would have been drowned but for Davis. . A lad named Pitman was lately driving a horse and cart in Brisbane, when the , animal flhyed, bolted, and upset the ve ^drfele. Pitman's thigh was fractured se verely. There was much excitement at Ravens wdbd, a short time ago, from an assault on Commissioner Haekett, by Mr. Mac crossan. The latter lias been committed for trial. . __ . Mr. Michael Doonar, of V amll Creek, Qd., was lately riding, when his horse bolted. * In trying to pull him up, toe animal propped, and Mr. D. was thrown on his head. He is in danger, from con cussion of the brain. A young man named Harvey was lately driving a team of ten bullocks on the Tomerong road, in tho Kiama district, when a storm came on, and he and the bullocks were struck prostrate by, light ing. He was only partially stunned. Eight of the bullocks got up, but' the leaders were dead. Ou the 15th ult. the dead body of Mr. Arthur Hunter Blair was found on the Port Curtis road. He had been bound over on the 12th to prosecute one Pearce, for horse stealing. The ' .Northern Argus' says :—After a heavy shower which fell on Monday, an immense number of small fish were found in the tanks and in the pools and open drains—one perch weighing half a pound was caught in a channel. We have two little fellows in a bottle in our office which were taken out of an iron tank directly after the downpour. The dead body of a man, supposed to be F. H. Avery, an joverseer, was lately found in Oaky Creek, near Bowenville. At Oaky Creek, Bandamba, Qd., a son of Mr. T. Miles was found drowned on the 25th ult. The 4 Braidwood Monitor' of 2nd inst. says :—On Tuesday, which was the hot test day we have experienced this sum mer, the thermometer stood at 1.35 deg. in the sun and 95 deg. in the shade. On -Wednesday it was a trifle lower, being 132 deg. in the sun.—On Tuesday, whilst Mr. Tweedie was at Little River on busi ness, he received a sunstroke when speak ing to a friend at his door. Mr. Tweedie described the sensation as if a flash of lightning had passed before his eyes, and then fell down in a fit, and was not con scious for some hours afterwards. Al though still ill, he is out of danger. An alligator's nest has been discovered on Eighteen-mile Island, in the Fitzroy River, which contained sixty-seven eggs. The eggs have been removed to Rock hainpton, and are now on view at the ' Bulletin' office. The total rainfall at Norman town dur ing January was nearly nine inches ; at Norman Mouth it was fifteen and a half inches ; at Carron Creek, seventeen and a half inches; and at the Gilbert River, twenty-two and a half inches. 