I NOMINATION FOR MUDGEE. | I ^ [By ovn Siuícial R-I'outer 1 ' On Thursday iaBt the nomm ition ot it e. indid ito for election to tho sent in Parliament roudcretl lacnnt b) tho retirement of Mr M II Stephen, took pi ice at Mudfeeo lhere woro present about ¿60 persons, ntnongst m horn nero tho Hen G H Cox, Mr li Lowe, J P , Rov J Oram, Rev A M Lwnn, Mr R Conwij, Mr b Bent, Rov J Gunther, Mr D OnfBin, Mr V Cox J P , Mr J Wenrno, M I A , Mr It II Hu¡,hson, Mr G D L tuo (Major of Mudgee) Mr J A Rinson Mr J Ilealj Mr JJ Deane, Mr I Cadell, J P , Mr Nowuian (Miijor of Cudgegong) Mr C B Lowo, JP, Mr W Mulholland, Mr H M Innes. Mr 1 Clark, Mr W Lester, Mr J Shepherd, Mi W Ohnstien, Mr A Cox, Mr J P Dickson, Mr G A Blackman, Mr 1 Lawronco, J Heliman Dr W usos. Bam»a\ (Koturning officer) read the writ authorising tho olectiun and his appointment aB Returning «jflicti Ho ntked for a fair and impartial hearing for ovei y landidato m bo might speak Tho Ma\ok (Mr G. D Lau") movod,-" That Mr. Ilenrj l'urkes mob a fit and proper person to represent tho iltctoiol district of Mudgto in Pailiamont ' Ho was happy to haï o tho pmtlego of nominating a gcntlotnan w ho lind performed so many valuablo sorvicos to tho colony, und ho could scarcely doubt that all presont would record their votes m fuiour of that gontloman Tho Mudgeo dis- trict wns peculinrlj situated. It was isolatod so to spoak, not becaueo it hub an unproductive one, but bocaueo U had not bein represented in o proper manner Not that he desired to eay a single word against either Mr. Torry or Mr. Stephen, they were both honourable mon Tho latter bud proud Iiíb honosty by rosigning h'S seat when ho found his tflorla futile, nud that bo could do nothing to Ben o tho electorate Ono member vas not Buihcient to represent the Mudgeo électorale Iho neighbouring districts-both Northern and "Western-had ton niembors to îoproeont thom, and when thoj required anjthing to bo dono for their con- stituencies, thoj handed themsolvtB together. Ihoconse quenio w as, that tboBO dibtrict» had rtcoiv ed benefits w hioh baddelracted from ours Iho membors had united their ujlluenco in favour of getting railways constructed. A railwaj wob in coureo of completion to Bathurst, to which pluto thcro was airead} ono of tho finest roads in tho colony, whilst thiB district, m no way inferior to any other in tho colony, had nothing but a road of tho most pitiful description from Wallerawang, which would be a disgraco an) where A railwaj had boon sun eyed to Orango, thenco to Wellington, and on to I ort Bourko , whilst Mudgeo was tho proper outlet for tho north weBtern portion of tho colony, uno of the mombers of the Gold Commission who laloly visited Mudloo stated to him, in course of conversation, that Mudgee was the natural outlet fer railwaj tnillic to Fort Bourko If euoh w as tho case, why should not Mudgeo obtain ovory advan- tage which its position entitled it lo-' It bohoicd the olectore to unite as ono man to circumvent the presont state of Hilaire The road was now open for them to do it, and he implored them to take adiantngo of tho opportumti, and return to Parliamonl a gentleman who would not only bavo tho ability to promoto their intcrosts, but who would also havo the power to do it Because, if tho gentleman whom he had tho honour to proposo should bo returned, be uould not, liko our late momber, havo to stand on tho door of tho House alone, but ho would haio mfluinoo hufficient to carry two- thirds of the other moniborB in | favour of arn reasonable proposition that bo might make lo beneiit Hil Mudgeo dislnot. He had much pleasure in proposing Mr. Poritcs as a candidato (Cheors ) Mr D Cassin seconded tho nomination of Mr Parkos. Ho thought the electors of Mudgeo noier hnd a deeper or keener it bponsibihtj resting upon tilt m than thoj had at (he prceent limo. It was txtremel) important that Iho district should bo well represented in Parliament, mid ho had the honour of seconding the nomination of a gentleman upon whoso coming the colony waited It MSB a public loss for Mr Parkes to bo absent frein tho Legislativo Aseomblj, and ho would say mole-Mudgeo wtuld enjoy tho honour of sending bim thtie (Chtcrs ) Mr. Purl es s abilities os a statesman wcio undoubted Ho had brought tho _uad>st Woomera upon the colon), und had been instrument ii in passing many measures which would promote its glory and honour. Mr Parkes bad been tho moans of establishing a sjstom of rublic instruction which was unMirpiiBSid by that of any other country in tho world (Cheers) And it had justified all that waa over expected from it In the next generation, educated as it would be, men of Mr Henry Purkea s stamp would have no occasion to find ad\ocates to pload for thom, butthi) would bo appreciutod and honoured (Choera ) In conclusion, ho ontnuted oven elector to boon hi&.P'uard, na ii i « - -' '* ^-.. __uou.-vri-.o^ obzmmmiy"v>aa now" at slako It" po iscsfid a hifeh reputation, both as regarded its nunoril, pastoral, and other rcsourcos and the char ictor of its people And he was veri lealous of that reputation Ho wanted the olcituia to show that tho opponents of Mr Parkes w ero in a continiptiblo nuuoriU |A voice lhey hine got no \otia] Ho hoped thot over) one would poll Ho hoped lhey would bo ablo to teach those who had brought for- ward anothir candidate, bj means of 1111 impudent circuí ir, that Mudgee was no reating place for him (Choirs ) Mr Hlui said ho was not aware, until a short timo ago, that ho should bo called upon to nominate a gentleman But bowne, nevertheless, proud in having that honour Bo did not know the gentleman whom ho was about to propose (Laughter ) Ho moant that ho had novor seen tfio gentleman But from what ho had hoard and read of bim, ho waB suro that if theeltctora returned him to Parlia ment thoy would put bun in his right pi »co [V »oco Gi».o us hiB pedigree] Ho rtgrettid that Hl had not bein called upon to proposo a local membur It wiiB a dugraco that such an important constituency should bavo tog» about tho country bogging for a roprisontativt. Ho waa not bo much up to gus as Mr C isain, und he could not make a long address He had been informed that Mr 0 Connor w wild bo in Mungoo to-morrow, porhapa this ovening, and when the electors saw him thoy would 8"o a gentleman who waB worthy to be roturnod as ropreaonta lvo of Mudgee He concluded by proposing Mr Jo»oph Graham O Connor as o fit end proper person to represent tho Mudgee elictorate in Parliament (Cheers ) Mr James Dw aine tobo to second tho motion, but gavo place to Mr W. LosEitoAN, who said that the gontlomen who had hitherto represented tho district had unfortunately not dono to with much credit Iho township of Mudgoe was about thirty or forty years old Iho miners had assisted to Bupport men who went into tho House for tho sole purpose of benefiting tho upper classes Any amount of praiso had been boetowod upon the first pentloman who had been nominated to daj And if the olectors woro to voto for a mon who had done much for the people, it would be batter thnn supporting ono who had done ven little good Both tho Conservative and Liberal Press in England had de- nounced the gentleman who had bcon nominated It struck bim that if that gentleman got into poworho would caro very little for tho welfare of the people 1 ho goutlo ? man whoso nomination ho had the honour of soaonding polled 2000 votes ugaiuBt two Ministers of tho Crown in tho late election for Wost Sydnoy , and he was also returned at the head of the poll, against bon oral other condidatea, as auditor for tho city of Sydnoy For a lcng timo past legislation in this colony had boen carried on for tho benefit of a few, instead of for the benefit of tho wholo community And it waB timo that a chango should toko place Ho therefore begged to socond tho nomination of Mr J G O Connor [A voice You don t know him ] But ho is well known A man who was ablo to poll 2000 votes in West Sydnoy against two Ministers of the Crown was no mean man Mr Parkes was leudly applauded upon coming forward Ho said I at all events make no complaint that the oppo- sition which eoino ot tho electors in the exerciBO of their duties havo thought proper to bring against mo They aro entitled to bring this opposition, and I ha\e no word to say against that course ot action on their part, nor ha», o I ono word to say against tho gentleman whom thoy havo thought proper to nominate And I hope the friends of that gonlloman will not consider that I am paying bim any slight if I decline to allude to him even b) name. I shall proceed at onco to address you ne if there, were no other gontloman m tho field In coming hero it is not mv intention to deal in abuse It is not my purposo to mislead anyono It ib not my purpose fo gain a single vote unless that vote is given openly and honestly, and on grounds of which no man need bo ashamod (Cheers ) I would not ask a Bingle elector in this large ntfitrirt for a vote ¡ I would not allow him to go undor a wrong impression if it was in m) powor to put him right, and entibio him to give his vote according to his own con- science and ludgmont, and for tho interest of the colony Ono of the gontlemen on the hustings, who can know very little about mo, baa thought proper toa ly that I havo employ ed my life in sorving tho few, and not the many 1 say boldly that if tho wholo country was polled, I should have a majority to contradict him (Cbeers ) I know that I spoak to-day with a voice that will bo potential m the country. I know that that voice will reaoh every district in tho country, and I know that it will bo listened to in other of tho Australian colonies with as much interest as if it bolongod to thoso colonies I do not think it ia any exhibition of egotism for mo to say that I am conscious of my own position. I know that that position ia one of great stiengih in this country-in the love, and in the affection, and m tho breasts of my fellow-countrymon In coming before you to day I shall endeavour to deal with ninny subjects of great interest to you, and of great interest to the whole people I shall endeavour to deal with them calmly and dispassionately, and without regard to any Eoclionsl interest. I am aware that many persons think it is a good thing for the country disinota of a great colony like this to bo represented by what aro called local men And I think thoio is something commendablo in that The reaeon, aoord îng to my view of the subject, that tho country is pnrcolled out into districts is, that there may bo gathered up into tho Legislativo body every class of mind-not only every class of mind constitutionally, but overy olais of | -»na as formed by training and experience in eaoh of the vanou. interests of tho country. It is of tho greatost poeBiblo imin~f"nco that the Legislature sheuld bo so com- posed that there win. ho in it men having a porfoot know- ledge of all the various cnpohilitios of the land, and oi all tho various industrial interests «hat men carry on 'n it 1 think there is great wisdom in this ¿melon of electoral representation of the country- alloting particular interests to particular districts. And I am one of those who thnk it a most meritorious thing for gentlemen who have property, and influence, and aptitude, talent and education, foi the duty-to mako great sacrifices, leaving their homes and going to Sydney to stay for months, at groat expemo to themselves, in order to transact the business of the com try. I always rejoice to see such men coming to Sydnoy to repre- sent a country constituency, I am not in f avour of the city of Sydnej engrossing all tho representation of tho country (Cheers ) Although I baie been iii o times elected for tho citj of Sjdney by the largest majorities over pollol for any man-which I think ib almost as groat nn ovi-j dence of trust as being olected an auditor by fifljj \otes - pfill I haio never ehut my ojes ta tho vast miporlnnco of improving tho interior of the countrj I haio olwoyB uphold the doctrine that Sydno» depends upon tbo country, just as tho country doponds to i linge extent upon Sjdney as tho metropolis for tho impor- tation and exportation of goods I say nothing ngainst a diBtnct desiring to haio local candidatos But there is an., other new of Iho question Ido not wish to st .to any. Hung in an extreme partj Jifeht, but in the spirit of ooli) reason and fair plai (Ohcors ) There is, ob I havo jip0 said, another new of tho question That is, if tho loadin," men of tbo counfrj, if porscnB of _roit political oxperiono l wero lo identify themselves moro with tho baok sotller_en'm in tho colon), it would tend more to unite the various pai"" of tko colon j together, and spread a real knowled^0 of tho condition of the country. But whichever ofthi!,cc news ought in jour estimation to attain to tho high!*" degree, noilherot thom at all äfftet thiB election Beoa "" lbtliovotbot bolhmjself and tho other gentleman v mm uecn nominate- as nij' opponent aro residents Sjdney. So that there is no quoBtion of a lodi oandii concerned to-dnj'. Now I havo not como to Mudgee . an y g reat desire for a seat in Porliament. And asar of that I will tako no trouble to obtain ono. As a fa proof of that, I voluntarily, and of my own free will, ga' my seat in Parliament about twelvo months ago.,, only iwo years sinco .1 was elected simultane for two constituencies. But I havo oonio to UM3 because men, who aro certainly amongst the loadtnjf of the country havo waited upon mo, and imprelaeC me, that it íb my duty to go into Parliament, rrTl oecupi thiB peculiar position I reprosont ia ibis ile" number of persons who in then charftctor ropAs?0 country 1 havo boen urged bj manj mon wio v verj conspicuous and influential positions in thifci.'0 return to tho lloco whioh 1 formerly oceupití ll° Legislature It waa after serious and thougfif" uderolion that 1 at last said that if a 8Uitulenc) occurred, and I enn with tho concurrence of thoofec"11) w iib. credit to ii j self return to Parliament, I vCIjenf to bo nominated I was invited by anlity1" gentleman in this distrut to oiler mj self as I Aito when a vacancy occurred I took some llttlolncon" sidcr Iho matter, and 1 wrote to ono or two oth| here, asking them to givo mo tboir honost f whether it would bo prudent and discrcot for J myself, and telling the ni that I did not wibb nu self lix on any body of olectore, that I did ni placed in any falso position, becaueo I was fuf whether I became a candidato here or not li turned In bjdne-v bj an ovorwheln mgniajoria , . one If 1 entirolj con8ulted my own feel|g''lou,(l wait for n vacancy that will very likely *v°on in the Sj dnej cleclorato on being asked if I vi enndidate 'or Mudgee, and being told that if that 1 fbould bo acceplablo to a majority oftt^ decided to ofler mjselfto tho doctors lili111 tlnined iho facts relating to my coming hjf that ni Hub paiticular juncture of my life ill mo to go into a union fuller explanation-! explain to you, and through j ou to thoj South Wales mj relations with ci rtam loaf political world I feel that this is necessi iho fullest light mav bo thrown upon my I jou, as is just possible, should elect mejon [A "\ wee You aro as good ob in novri ientleiunn who has nlreadv addressed j ou fî informed lou that I was at ono til* f,P.owfr. It ib true I was for n period of ne irlj thm''' *-oluilal teeretiirj of Ibis colony I did a alo °* things -I think a number of good things sons jnB think a number of bad things at all events jil number of courageous mid strong things (Cheorl)wl811 ,(J ox plain tho exact position I occupied in tMsiinistration It is not ußual to go info explnnationsjo"* ¡5' , Vut Ibeoicntsof tho last twelve months hindered this explanation, in mj judgment ntcessamlaat it would not be right to mjsilf or to the lnr¡,o b my frionas m tho country, for mo not to make felanation I loincd tho Administration which waa fd lu Jtnuarj, 18CÖ bj the present Atterney General,*?T68 M irlin 1 did not join that Administration ok o(frrt of mv own I was fur from being desirouspfS ln'° omeo I had bnd opportunities of going into officiera1/0"110!" occasions When the first AdmnMttf> Uft3 formed ínihiscolonj, now some sixteen years ag^nlleman who was tulillah amongst tho first men of fr limes in tho country, and who held a icrj distingtf office, waited upon mo and atl ed mo to become a n_t of his Admin Mas to ¿I offer Iftrudo ' to bo ,o that ¿bo ro ,st any [«mu a ¡(Oliovod fetors, I nus ox ¡"it I feel j sarj for ¡(j should u of New U_cn in tho tyrdcr that L'onduct if "cntotwo rTírr'iition. "Hut ¡ unhesitating!) ucc."i ,5 Ata period Fonewhnt laier, 1 wes ollercd an ofliep in nnotbéivAdminia tradin I mstantl) declined that ofier. Ata p^hd still later Mr. Charlo- Cowper sent for mo, and ollir^Lme a seat in his Cnbinot But I mstantl) declined. 1 host TA»»« | " iw,..ui.*.o muí um uni (jiiiieumuy uuxious a an) lime for iflico. "Vcurs want on, and in January, 18C6, fair J ninia Marlin was commissioned by Sir John "Ï otng to form nn Administration At that time Sir James Harlin wai, utting in opposition I uIbo was sitting in oppo ution-but was not in any Uoso communication witi that geutlcmnn. Tho Opposition was diuded into two sections I wob identified with ono section, Sir Jamoa was identified with the other It may be askod bowl come to loin thia Administration. Sir Jamos Martin thought fit to take this very singular course-a (ourao whuh did not at that tuno receive my npprova, and wbuh would never roceno my approval ho con \tncd n mooting of all those members of ti o Assmibh whom he considered his Parliamentary suppoiters I did not nppro\o of that couibc I behove tbo true way fir any gintlimun who ia honoured by tho Ci own with a connus sion to form a Government, to act 19 to form one own responsibility, composed of tho best mon of tho )un tri, without contulting am body, but Sir James Martin convened thia meeting of his supporters I waa not cio of them I did not attend that meeting I did not hlong to Sir Jnmes Marlm's particular soction in tho Logisativo Asêimbly Ai this tnoctmgr a resolution was unaaitnrasl) pasted that the firbt step he should tako was to son! for me Sir James Martin, therefore, had no alternative but to send for me, and I thus became in strict reason a jo nt former of tho Administration I told Sir James Marti! at onio that I was not desirous of cntciing oilico I askod Lim howeier, what offer ho would niako mo if I oonaottoi to enter oilico Hi said "I wish you to tako the Colonial Secretar) a office " I then askod him who wai to bo tho Colonial 'treasurer. Ho said, " Mr Eagar." I rajod many objections to Mr Eagar, and the claims of anoiier gentlenian were cunvnssid at considerable length I maintained that this other gentleman waa superior to Mr Dognr m his fitness for tho oilico. The matter waa finilly arranged that if tho Goiernmont was formed Mr. Elgar was to bo Treasurer I then asked him on the supposnon of my joining the Administration who waa to bo Socraar) for Lands r He mentioned Mr. Wilson, the gentltaian who nt present filled the ellice I urged \ery strong ob- jections, and proposed that Mr. William Forstor siould tuko the eflico bir James Marlin argued very stronily in favour of Mr. Wilson, while I supported tho claims if Mr. Forster It waa finally arranged, howevoi, that Mr Foiater should bo asked to tako the office I then fold Sir James Martin that if I joined him I should be oom>elIed to bring into tho Cabinet with me some other gentoman who had been voting and acting with mo in the Asacnbly I explained tho coso thus "You ask my co opcation becauto you believe I shall bring you support. If ' were to allow myself to bo absorbed in your Govornmert, and if ii cry other oilico were filled with your friends, I mould Icbo Bupport, because my friends would think that Ijiught at office"merely for the soko of its emoluments, and I should therefore fail to bring you that support wheh you expect mo to bring " Sir James Martin then asled me who I wiBbed to propose. I submitted the nnuios of Mr Byrnes, of Parramatta, and Alfred Tighe, then thonomber for Northumberland. 1 ho claims of both those gatlemon were ducuEscd at some length, and it was at hsl agreed tbnt Mr James Byrnes should have tbo office of iltniator for Works. Sir James Martin convened anothor ineoting of bis supporters, and submitted tho rcsull of hia interview with mo In convening that mefing he again sent for mo, and his first word" were, "My friends object to Mr. Byrnes, they hink ho is not particularly qualified to bo a Minufcr of the Clown"-which I was obliged to admit-"and hoy think that amongst my friends there are gentlomon botor quali fiid for office " I asked who thoy woro. Sir James "Mar- tin distinctly mentioned the names of Mr Macptorson and Mi Macleay,. I immediately said, "Very well, have no further word to offer, I retire at onoo " Sir James Martin fbtn said, "If you mako it n sine gua «0« that Mr B)rnea should bo Minister for Works, I accep at once" I declined to moko any condition I would lot go into oilico with colleagues who made conditions, H then said, "Very well, Mr Byrnes Bhsll go into office." Had it not been for tho Btand 1 made, and which I behovewas for the interests of tho country, ho would never lavo boen a Minister of tho Crown Tho Govonment was thus provisionally formed, with Mr 1 Forstor is fcecrotary for Lands Mr. Forster, bohre accept- ing office, took twelvo hours to onsider tho matter, and ho then brought a numbfr of written conditions to tho effect that if ho accepted offia wo must do this, and we muat do fho other thing, I reaomher that Sir James Martin handed mo thia written papr, with some remark of an unreasonable character upon it. I said that I did not want to seo it-that if I agreed witbovery one of the conditions specified I would not accept office with a colleague who made them. The services 0) Mr. Forstor were declined, and Mr. Wileon waa sent for, and he modo no condition whatever. This was how the Government became formed I have thought it dcetrabb to Btato ex- plicitly and particularly the oircumBtances whoh attended tbo formation of that Government Well, wé entered upon cflleo, and I will comparo the course wo tool with that of other Governments. Wo entered offico on tbe22nd Januiry, 1866\. The Government that had procededua hod failed, entirely failed, to make any proviaion fir the Public Servioo. Tho expenditure of nionoy to pay railway labourers, constables, clerkB employed in tho several dtpartments-in fact, ovorybody connected with the carryug out of tho publio works-for any year, ought to bo saiotioned before the expiration of the previous year. Wo look office with nothing of this kind done, on tho 22nd January. On the 1st of April wo should havo to pay all the Civil eorvants of the country, bnt tho Estimates woro not passod. I think a volo of credit waB obtained for the amount, but, with that exception, nothing was done. Wo passed the Esti- mâtes for 1806, got the Appiopriation Act passed, pro- rogued Parliament, took a short recess of about tnreo months, convened Parliament again, passed the Estimates for tbo next year, obtained legal sanction for the expendi- ture of that year, and prorogued Parliament a second time yj io ChriBtmos It wns tho only Administration, aof o responsible government, that got tho Estímalos arl 'tA nnd oblained legal annclion for tho year s M onoituro loforo tho jo-ar sot in. Wo not only did Ijf t, but in that short period wo passed bills for osUblish tJ ' industrial schools and reformatonos, and two or throo A ¡cr bills of a useful character , and ive pissoel. against ,£ o most tenido struggle that has o\or takon placo in tho Iirliumcnt of this countrj, the Public Schools Aet rii plauso ) That wob our first joor'B work. Well, con- sist Hint with what has been dono bj Sir James Martin's i.°!"Lnl6,rlt'1°nof tbo present da) Wo lmenowgotfo ,oth Uccombor, Parliament Blands prorogued until tho 23rd /nnuarj, and there is not o singlo penny of tbo Estímalos j oled, nor has a voto of credit been obtained Whon Par- lament meets again nilliin bovcu diye of tho 1st of i Lbruary, there will bo no provision for caming on tho lublio BerviccB of tho country Wo took a recoss of threo íiontbB. Iho present Goiorntnont took a recess this ear of six months Jf there had only boon a eccsB of threo or four months this yoar, ho Estimâtes might haio boon possod by thiB uno. (Cheers) Ilowovor, to return to tho former Ad uinistralion 'Iho timo arrived whon I folt it mv dutv to i relire from that Administration The icnson I retired was, that it carno within my 1 nowlcdgo that misrepresentations hod been propagated in order to injure mo in tho cftima. lion of my friends [A Voiro Thoy can't do it ] Iho bead of tho Administration, Sir James Martin, was absent willi tho Gojernorof tho colony in Melbourno Inthoir al stneo 1 received o commission to actas "\ ico President of the Executive Council At ono of tho Council moetinga Mr Ei gar, tho Colonial lreasurer, submitted a caeo of in- subordination, on tho part of Mr Duncan, Collector of Customs-that gentleman having refused to oboj thoordor of tho Minister I adi ¡sed that ho should bo compelled to o lu y. The couiso I propoBod was ndoplôd, and (Le obedience of tho officer was, ot courso, secured. Mr. Eagnr afterwards called at my ollite, and thanked nie for the manner in which I had stood bj him npninst a contumacious subordinate I might mention that Mr. Duncan had been for many years o friend of mino. But I havo mado it a law of my lifo to know no friends in politics. Mr. Duncan called upon mo, thinking that I should talco his sido. I told him that it was impossible for mo to listen to bim, and I also told him tbo viewB 1 took with regard to his conduct towards tho Treasurer. Mr. Duncan, in due timo, sent in a written apology for what ho had dono. Mr. Duncan, though a mon ot hot temper and irritable disposition, was a man of blnmelesB character. Ho was a mon who had boon for a long timo in the public service, and was ontitled, when ho retired, to a superannuation allowance If ho were dis- missed, ho would loso his standing and tho title to his superannuation allowance. I thought it was a very hard case, and advised Mr. Eagar to accept tho opology. Notwithstanding, I suppoited him in this woy, Mr. Eagar thought fit to behavo towards mo with a groat amount of personal disrespect ; and I tendored my resignation. And although Sir James Marlin repootedly ontroated mo not to withdraw from tho Administration, I persisted in with- drawing. I have now oxplaincd how I booanio associated wilh Sir James Martin in his Administration. [A Voieo . What about tho Kinma ghost Í] I seo tho Mudgoo ghost before rae. (Laughter and cheers.) I retired on tho 17th of September. In Iosb than o month afterwards, the Government wob, to use on oxproBSion of Mr. John Robert- son, knocked into a cocked hat. (Laughter.) Thoy wera defeated notwithstanding I gavo thom my support and ?vote. Mr. John Robertson wob thon sent for by Lord Belmore, and asked to form a now Administration. A now Administration was formed. I took my stand along with my friends in opposition to it, I conducted myself as an opponent of that Government all through. * believoa that it was entitled to support ; and 1 h seen any reason to induce mo to alter that opini needless to givo my reason for opposing that Go- , i But I might recoil your attention to ono cire n ., , J namely, that on the opesing of ono session of Pi .> r Mr. llobertton, ob Premier, promised no less the : "i. utj- j ono bills, which wore enumerated in hiB Ej lien ;, i j Speech. Theso bills included measures for tho .in, mV \ J and regulation of immigration, for abolishin !ík -d j valorem duties, for amending tho inequalities o' '"i el ;- j toral sj stem- giving, mnongst other Ulinga, tw< ,' -i ' to Mudgeo. But did Mr. Robertson over d ,r,' i thing towards having thoso bills carried into lav , li it ib more thon two years sinco thoy were , i, Aftei holding öflico, certainly not ir > ). cioditablo manner, that Administratior , , ;.? ¡ give wai-. But before it g*vo w i >u^ í chsnges had taken placo in ita compositio ' i ' other things the gentleman who was at first jt- I ictary iclired to another offioo, and Mr. f ,mi' j Colonial Secrotary. After its defeat, o > ; ? u ' un. I twelve montha ago, Sir Janies Martin wai , < .[>, j a new Administration. And I will nowst .->'u.i i - J speeling tbo Government now in power, i , . i .ty x ,"r f attention to what I am about to say. A "- .». .' ...j;, j >-y_olÀï> *hn crowd became bo noisy thit t '< ri. jp-. | iflicer lind to ini"...'":^. "* -J """" tV"i first p i, 11 "-'ir Jnmes Martin spoko to nfter ho had boeu~ ' ' rfitti tbo formation ot a new Administration. Iw 'ii. io the Assembly Chamber, and had reachod Ma n - ot, when bo carno up in a cab on his ret' ? ~ . , lut, ïxcellency tho Governor. Ho pulled up, i ,. j hi" carriage, und asked mo to walk with himinto .i.'vs.mlu». Ho then explamod exaotly what had i . .;u, ' Ho told mo that ho had been sont for by hi* i'\ J 3 and that ho had undertaken to tirni -1., Ad nnnialration ; and to some extent wo discus '111>, dal cullies Burround'iig tho situation. In ",e » . " com orention ho mmtionod the namoi of hir. K ,1 ., a nnd Mr. Forster, It ia therefore quite clear lim, luiuJ, and must also bo clear to tho mind of erery man capable of connecting one thing wnh another, that Sir James Martin had entertained the idea of a combination botwoen himself nnd Mr JAobcrtaon whilst he waasittu£in Opposition, ana whilst ho was receiving tho support of Mr Robortaon's opjKinents That such was the awi must be clear to turj one, because Sir James Martin mentioned Mr. Robinson s name to mo within Ino minutes after ho left Government House I told him that the bare mention of such ii thiny would create a storm amongst hie friends Because my bohof in Parlia- mentary government is this it onAt to be carried on by two parties fairly representing tbcflatform of principios In England there aro mon who honestly represont what are known as Tory principles Tory principles, aq I underatand them, mean this Thai tho peoplo aro not ablo to gov ern themselves. Liberal principles, on the contrary, aa I understand thim, mean this that power should be extended to the peoplo to enablo them to govern themselves Hitherto we havo not had any defined parties in tho political life of thia country. I bilievo that Parliamentary government is not Bate, thit it cannot work benoficially for the whole country, unless it represents different sota of pnniiples, and unless thoso principios aro fought out fairly, fiarleSBly, and manful!; (Cheers ) [A Voice Wo want a good Opposition ] 1 entirely agree with that gentleman. Tho very idea of a combination botween Sir Jamos Martin and Mr Roberton socmed to mo perfoclly startling, and calculated to create tho greatest alarm-not bo much because they entertain«! opinions opposed to oaoh other, but beiaueo tieso two gentlemen had been oppoBing each other m office, out of oûiee, on the hustings, in the Assembly in fact everywhere, for a period of twolve years lhey had denounced each other aa tho worst man m the country How was it possible that a combination could take place between them unless miaohief resulted to tho country i 1 heard overy where that this combination waa to take place, but I could not believe that Sir Jamas Martin would do a thing of tina kind until I saw it dono. The combination was formed, and then Mr. Robertson pubhahod a remarkable address First of all he attempted to do thia unprecedented thing without going before the elec- tors, because, as ho himself niado out, ho morely exilinnged ono office for the other Ho was Secrotary for Landa m Mr. Cowper's Government, and took office aa Colonial Secrotary under Sir James Martin Because ho changed one olino for another, ho contended that ho neod not vacate bia seat and go before his constituents, Tho Honao, howover, passed a motion to tho effect that his seat w SB y acant, and he was compelled to go before his con- stituents It was then he published the extraordinary addresB I have just now mentioned. In that addrosa ho excused himself by saying that his Government waB beaton all to atoms, that there was nobody loft in his Government but himeolf, and therefore, said ho, " I must desert to the enemy.' (Laughter) 1 hat was a pretty state of things. I Wim' would be thought of a ooldioi, if, wliuu the battlo was against him, and bis comrades were dead or dying around him, bo deserted to tho enemy r Yet that ia what Mr Robertson did Though au oxtensivo reader of history, I never recollect reading of such o caso of abject miserable desertion as that [A Voice And still they call him honeot Jaik ] (Laughter ) And yvhat yvns the conduct of Sir James Martin r Ho had an oppoi tumty before bim of forming a line national party, repre- senting the truo principles of government Ile was sup- ported by good men veo had gained a political standing. They supported bun because thoy woro opposed to Mr. Robertson Ho freiuently indulged in conversation with them, and represented air. Robertson as a person not to be trusted, and then ali at once bo goes over to him, and ha tra) s his friends. That transaction represents Mr. Robert eon as n deserter, and Sir James Martin as a traitor. (Cheers ) I do no1 nish to sav an) thing hero that I dare not toll fcir James Martin to bia face , and I am going to read a correspondence that took place between us twelve months ago I hare up to tho present time kept it secret, because I did not with to make an improper use of it. 1 did not wish to publish it whilst ho waa boforo bia consti- tuents I did not wish in any way to prejudice his election. Although two deputations waited upon me,and solicited me to ofler my self aa an opponent to his ro-olection, I declined to interfere in any way, and I dochned to make known the correspondence that took placo botween us. But I will mako it known sow Tho election was to take placo, I tbink, on the 26th December, 1870 Five or six days before that dato I wrolo to Sir James Martin tho following letlei - " Sydney, December 21st, 1870 " My dear Maru,-I think I am justified in calling »our atten- tion to tho following passago from Mr Robertson's address to tho e'ectors of W est Ejancy - " ' I hay e never hidden from the public the hope that I enter- tained, that tilt course of the last Goiernmcnt wonld havo tho effect of grcatlr »Haying the unfortunate feeling that had been engendered, ano had produced so much acrimony between clasi and class, country and country, creed and creed, of the people of our community and I trust and belle» a that tho determination of the present Government to deal equally with all classes of tho people will ted to still further cultivate the improved popular feeling in that regard, already so gratifyingly apparent . M" It is unpefsibio not to recognise in these words tho charge which has teen persistently made by this gentloman against both you and me, for the worst of party purposes, for tho last three rearo Under the m-wiclrcumstanoe« In which ho is pbicod, Ur Jtobertson muat Intend to direct his çhargo against mo alone, but Jl 1 will not Buffer n)self to believe tlmt va,, ». , i this artful nttenip in the name of jour ïwï? '"" e incurrí scctaiian feelingacainst one who \Tb & "mcnlto««A whose support onl lldehtj in that rûalion e"^ collMK«MI acknowledged Ivor can I »imposeii\",V u hme '"W sçrn,,Hc)oW rom jour four,c° coÙuJZ Woï}4 «T hi ty that ma) juitly attach tn the condu fof Vo!!'r r'° rc"W " J his cannot b< considered by Inc "j "c" °,,r°"r,p°vornm6 sine . -«ill not beso regarded bj T0£ " llßllt '"»"«, and i ""very tiulj yours, To that loflei, Sir JameB Martin re nl'iJi'lb *Y P*ttKK"l Ho following laiguogo - "P'lcdtho samo day) " Clnm '«s, 1 lanbeth «treel | "Myilcir Parkes,-I have iiist rcct'lx?,!iStt!?cccmber- 18'<> uide rsti.nd the mrngnphs t» vrh.cl,o» rofî "' n0tc, I «. net «et in it nix attack upon the conCt "f ,vi,ryou ao I wMoh you anti I were members For thauLí,C,,(,,0Tcm!nc"t ' of Hot Government, wa« of cou,T rcYpon,"l" and ,inVbchc silnlit) 1 nev er any time had the slightest mt^tS, l.hat rMW ina- fron 1 think that the mti^iSi^S0^^^ causions ought to have rendered jour üuiulo Uc^r,* ' JOb .hot note I rejoined oa mot^Ä " M) dear Mnitln,-i our reidy to my noto sur ¡ "Who do } m understand ta be alluded to In I, "' paragraph ob lining not class against ela«- l - .. i countr), and crcd against creed I w c hav Î ownintcrprctatlin of It, a hundred times lilswoids, comi'imcs generally to the mi l>o» eminent, am soim times more specific rncmbir of it Io never applied the word , or tct of pireons " How conns 1, then, that these words n by him, at this prticular time, na a mombo ut ment Î What lilhclr monning-wÏ9 do lb , " 1 he charge l as well known na Ur liol about Kohn uni Co , which was hurled i thousandth tun) three wceki ago bo It ¡ charge w os m id by Mr IloberbsoiUn his f< r a matter oi uidiii renee to mc , butnow tin shadow of youl sinction as the lend of « want to know ii what light 1 am t'regard ' If ) ou do nil see in these woifs *nny \ i] leiimcnt of w'ich )ou and 1 »fro mci tin m un; attackupon mo as a monier of til j "lours viry Inly, In reply to Ins note, Sir Jims Mart ,; lowing day -I " Ciambcrs, I hirabotbtreot, " M) dear Palies,-1 do not kkw who any object in dragging mo just now ito a cn Ki bertson's addis*, otlior than tlmhrbich j of jour note I m willing, howe»« to bo not, anil m that bhef I send you thlanswcr of roui sosa mepber of tho OoveniDnt of y ç 1 i nil nil our tho colleagues oreje as re All those acts kid our lullest concrcnco i mlilreea unpliei (and I am uro a censure on oy et those no1 the j> i ment has noting to do with hat const. » to it, and lcpfintcs It nltogcth If that ' s, v Ii ira (ns 1 do no bohovo it does) u o euro on you Individ«, lor some act your own-not lloial, and in which yi~ colleagues tookp part, then I havo ithing to say to it It is a n otter between >u and Mr Itobcrtsi, and does not and cannot concern us I r now, ns I hay c oh) s said, that our Govern- ment tifver dtdny thing to set clfl against class, or stir up religious nnimo1} in any -way It t> e things wore dono, tlioy weronot done tour Government, oby you asa member of it, but hy persons iposed to us Weil our utmost to preserve the public pea«, at net impartially tot partas I would, m con- clusion, suggci that li you wunti ascert un Mr Robortsou'» exuct,iiuniuii(,',ou should apply to mt gentleman himself * yours trul), " J am us Mmitih " lo which replied as follows - ' Vdncy, Hc"mber 23 1870 " My elcor Mtln,-My objcot Lnwritin ort mendacious of lr Robertson s cri) agaii \- be T *« r nnponcnt boig og l jo I I nns i r mil ] uti ( il t u t J nr ímr t Cj r ir i a a If t a li e I ( 1 vi li yi Unlit,' hi I n ii) i j ti Mr ri n i m r io ' ex rs nird yen j liicj r »- s-vr i[ i» mt tu f h i 1 in i ot li L i and that t) ne nrtlnni? u r I v lil i el de ng * 4btin «i tin* i 'ot mldr s d m tim¡lv accusU on i un linton, ithstff/ it » irally l*i hil ¿ rou will te ii li wli i mi) « t ri ikliil hy ronf I J)4 > ( .,.c_ vas e-iiuotuid i he » ii tr I ne i otu k s i4 e»au\ in y b nu for I i toi th xt bine,» tua stt agc li Î h>or i ti Ni two yen h And oil ice« to Vcjii-tu o tint jil ii to oA, u öe t()ain ilj J"».^ «" .»\i«uiim of. i vrhiih y u>4. r¡ ,; o, wl huÇfo\\\\_ m 11 ¡*mt tin,J. L eaîo ! fti-ri that S, sr \l i ni i yu if it o ?vours i\ jen. ' e I Doreop ti L uu 1BC ", h t v lie« ' e had all _« . 1U ho ii ale ,hc Mi i" >n len ii t t.T von u r- ' mv that htm ti) » ted vii, u.r ion on yo« t 4 i j mut, s nlr Dar ik nv of teutend ne. n eli\ i" 1 I oiv *el h ve t) ta) -> ] 1 c Id 'ant rp _ti Air Cane«, til Ik 1 f i oicecdinp L J I1 j, lulu lYOriU U ma my Juppoiton ti "¡.mil ? 11< pjiltfon wl^ _ i ti tclut me 1 I tthofe le vd I frei bl public monuid from li ral ilint politlcaífo Is o juggle, juir Government ik being strong " -?, . I "ihovevitten this w ithoit am abatca . regard for jersclf, if yon wil entumo to aot ii any change n my wishes ¡or your honoo Depend upon, he is the boa friend who si whin there heed for it, andjou aro not lil plain sneakinfioni others. ' "Very futafullyyours, You will lis fee that, ii I speik now of this extrardinary coalitm, 1 dd not fa author of it i just as strong termi at the ti It is in 01 ir that you nay uaderstam pub io nie Hit 1 lay this lorreapoidence lu is it possiblahat the pubjecan place oonf I Governments the presen? la not suo' hove expoEe calculatedio create an opinl ^ mind that althat puhlicnoa aro contend, their own inlrestr' Anc" rather than bui that should jrevail, it wuld bo better to Bible govemient, and ream to tlio former I might say in poBsing,that intho Oppo year ago, giro its suppôt to Sir lames M a stmng fediig against t'o membra of the istration ttkng office auin, Thero was ngoinsthot! Ifr. Wilson od Mr. Byrnes; a that many of hoso genthuon who gave ti placo tbo litt Administltian, vould have had thought bat there wuld hare been sui as has sinio been forted. II was not, foresee whit would be'the result of suel And I ask jmr ottontio. whilst I deal witt subject. If there are ccn siting in the ? opposed to eath other ol prinriples whiol believe, they Hil keep l strict watch ove and will do heir belt to mtmtain thoi which theirbeief rests. But ii prineiple a of public confllence is upset bj4» reckless a combination, uko that which ,ook place peoplo will beomo disgusted aid indificri will bo shockel, and will stand iloof, and will bo that ho combination 'vill bo eui weakest and voret mea-mon vho care li honesty, who rill flock round thi Governri they can in enhonge for their votes. T been the case.' When tho couMuation wi and tho Asseably met to delara the sea vacant, scarciy a mombor was found Government bnohes. But V degrees, om of those straj fish who on always look! gathered togetier on the Nnistenal Bom the Governmnt for rowns _ which ' monly enougi to avaw , ^'ow I w the i_i«iJiieifnat ñas octinlly occurred, tbo measures hieh this Government hove û Tho first thiç I wish to allude to is the present Adniistration carrbd for creating ing army. Aill was passel last session to expenditure oiomo £20,00) a year in supp permanent miary force. Some short fin ponai troops ero withdrawn from all t colonies ; and was confeidod that becaus wero withdrav, it was neessary to create s to take their pee, and a bill was passed ti militaiy force.That fore, ob explained in now before Pihamcnt, onsists of 230 me you to lister to this. To direct those thcro aro ftfy-two oficors. (Loughta course, all lo friends of theso office is a good thing, Thero ia one one brigade-mior, olio tigado-paymaster, six lieutenant« tvo Etrgont-majorB, (if teen si teen eorponJs fear boibordiers-(laughtoi peters, ono)u,le-jiaj'or, cur buglers. (Louj i is this hea] o sUfl-eiliors, regimental offic officers, nuouitiig alto;other to forty-two standing arnj ofïéO mn. (Laughter.) A i know whattitilitjafoio of that kind íb like!. colony, SlppoBi thiscountry were to bo" foreig. cneuj, dejtu tink it possible for the defended bj afonc tf sch a character as this rest assured Hot ¿hoon/ right way-the onlj tho only panojo vy of providing for" of this tountri isto nreaeo the Volanteorfoi Wo ought in nil coujT Io have a force of Btronfjcompoec'of lo flower of the youn colon)', who Midd l/idontifled with it in lifo and domstlc actions. Will you ma that any rcspettilo jung man in this oolony a shilling ande-lst sa private soldier ? I oro foind to di bx odd the forco possibly h tho geod, indevtajoi, »nd upright men of i (Interruption.) IÏÇ gentleman sholl havoai by-end-byo of s off? in defence of his bloe ' (Langhtor anders.) This force of 230 i ofilears, will if>fE20,QOO per annum. ' had a railwa} pnetructod from Wa Muägee- o distaff believe of somowhere t miks-ot a cob4JJ600> per milo-[A Voice wait a railways« total cost would be £45 _2l,000 that wfK pad to koop up this peri woild pay the rfpt uwn tho expenditure o wat. Inotberr/iayo)might have tila 1 ii/ li 1 -r,.".". fn Mudcco for tho Bame expenditure that ¡ÄSÄ of the people to pay for a Mfyfeniui"« r A Voice They aro loafers] But I ÄÄlWtetavi adding army! [Cries TC V«i I suDooso you would rather havo the it B 2 Ve-ceTou hanged O Farrell] Yea, and if WSS ihat ho did I would hang you too I St ve my *°,co to hang O'farwll. (Cheers) j JSmin cbcere ) Tho ¡aoxt meaauro I shall rofor-to ia I^CffAct Though Mr Robertson obtained office on ti"uJlomfso ffiat ho would abolish ^e ad valorem áutiesho retained office for two yea», whilst thoy wore Kto force, and ho oven importeda motioni for doubling íbcm Toa' w» " anothor e-"lCDC0 of iho ^n ,\ga7T oobiimtion I como now to tho now Lana Bill. (Thoin Sion hero became ao great that tho Returning officer tadto interfere ) Thone gentlomon aro just endeavouring Kow their fellow electors how entirely unfitted thoy aro teexeicisothosnlIrsEo (Applause) I ara not rosponaiblo or that, nor aro the gentlemen before mo It ia impoaai le o control some kinda of animals (Laughter ) Tboy »,11 follow tho bent of their particular nature ¡Thors is a particular animnl which is known m Amorica as iheBinnk (Laughter ) Who it is pursued, or when any ono m to treat it reasonably, it has the faculty of omitting a tnaes of very disagreeablo stinking water It is tho nature ÄSondTt cannot help it (Laughter) iho only ming to do ia to avoid tho beast, and I shall endeavour to avoid any wrangling with that gentleman m the crowd To return to tho Land Bill I consider this mensuro ob cno of the evil results of this combination. In 1807 the Administration of which Sir James Martin was at tho head introduced a Land Bill Tbo principles of that bill were as opposite as possible to the principies of the prosont one It is* in possible that ho could havo believed in tbo principles of tho measure which ho introduced tbreo jeara ago if bo believes in tho principle of tho present bill You thus ace a gentleman in a high position embodying m mensures of the utmost importanco at an lntcivil of three yeara principloa the. very oppoaito of oach «thor Not only ao, but threo months before the present Adminitfration waa formed Sir Janies Martin in his place in Parliament donounced Mr Robertson as a man who had done moro mischief thon all other non put togother m this land [A »oice Except youredf J That is another skunk (Innghter ) Notwitbatatding this declaration of his opinion Sir Jnmes Martin joitod with that gontloman in tho preparation of a measure m thiB very important question of tho land. Now what ia thia moaanror1 It ib my belief, m tho knowledge I have ef Parliamentary life, that Iho bill was framed simply with the view of obtaining Parlia- mentary votos in the Logialotiio Assembly I do not believe it waa framod in view of the public interests m any way By keeping it suspended ovor tho heads of tho Assembly, it ia expected tbei o will bo somo six or seven gentlemen induced to voto with tho Government on other questions, in tbo hopo of this Laid Bill booommg law, for particular reasona of their own 1 contend that tho now bill will not bo favourable either b tho freo solcctors or tho pastoral tenants aa a body In tie first placo, it is framed m view of the interests of particular classas of the oom- i nunity, wherea» it ought tobo framed in view of tho interests of tho wholo of the pcoplo. I beliovo that in realiiy it will bo a benefit to nobedy. Under tho present land law, persone can select from 40 ti 320 acres of land. I am «liurcd, however, that thorooro ?ery few who havo soloctod 320 acres. _hc greet majority lavo commonly selected 10, 80, or 120 acres. There aro very fow indood who havo selected to tho utmost limits thst aro allowed by the low 1 320 atres, [A vaico : That is trio.] I believe it is true I everywhero. Tho new Land Bill, as far as tho freo solectorl aro concerned, benefits nono, ínlesa it ¡b thoso who hov¡ [ 320 acres already. It does noUing tor Uie small selootori I But tbo man who has Beledcd 320 aoros may solee \ another 320 aerea ; and ho may also go on and solect 6f aciCB moro of what ¡b called ba:k land at a reduced price . is. per acre- making up altapetber 1280 acree. But tb poimission is only open to th08o selectors w lavo already taken up 320 acres. If their holdings l imalltr tbBn that the bill doeenothing at all for tk.ni. ¡ they como under tho now 'ill thoy must abandon tb' fnMinptivc right. That is struck from thom at on, and they will bo entitled te nothing but what thoy f . ehase. TbiB Act cannot, theoforo, in any way bonofitm free {electors as a body. With regard to the paafal tenants, it enables those perons who hold licensea im the Crown, to depasture shep and cattlo upon tho 0st , landa of tho colony. It onalloa them to purchase b:ks «f land on their runs of not ess than 3200 acres, nor ore than 16,000 ncreB in ono block. It cnabloB thei to purcboso tho land in his manner: Thoy al to take ono milo frontage to a rivor or eok, and four miles back. Thoy ire to pay 20s. peraoro f tho milo of frontage, and 5s. pa acre for the back land Ibis ia an averogo of 8b. per acre. And practically they o to have thirteen years to pay fir this land. It thus (OWS them to obtain these blocks <f land ' at about 8s. panoro, while it insista upon the fro, selectors with limited sans faying 20s. per aero for thoii. That does appear to ruto bo very inequitablo and unfair. It then again allows th pri- vilege to the piatoral tenant and to no other peraorwnat« «er. That íb inequitable, mfair, and unjust. Al mea auto which ia passed by thtLegiBlaturo for doalii with > tho public lands ought to io opoa to evory mai alike. \ (Cheers,) It ought not to io opon only to the lateral 'î tenants; but te any reirod storekeeper, or } any -'«non nrriving in tho colon' from England, Irend, or -'^Bcotland who wiBbes to buy and. There ought tbo one i-Jair field and no favour in tealing with the land of the i*f«ountry. I do not thinkit will bo a beneficial loasure rta tim squatt»T, <u>i«oUiy in tho poo» slatters. Títere aro many squattcn who aro not rich lun, but «bo bald their runs by theforbearance of tho lilka. If ,tkii bill passes into law theionks can compel the men to go'and buy the land to mao thoir security bett', Thus ihteo poor squatters will lave to pay Bomo hudreds of ' pontds oa interest on monejwhioh thoy yvould o obliged to borrow to purchase land that would bo of lile uso to tbim, whereas they cn get land fcm tho Crown at something ¡ko a farthing fr acre. \- It would bo very much beter for thom to catinue as tenants of the Crown thano bo compelled to (my land that would not benefit thin much. But thi bill will benefit those squatters whohavo got fine rum and who havo singled out some partiolarly rich spots on horn, and who by buying up these nh spots can foum princely estates, and Bhut out everybdy else. A moarco of this kind íb inequitablo and unjot, and if am honored with your suffrages, I shall certaicy givo my opposite to this Land Bill. (Applaueo.) I di not wish any one t supposa I am an enemy to the squattes. I am not. I at Bonsiblo of the value of that articular interest but I am desirous of tho fereat terms boin; made, with them consistent wih what is ri|ht and just to tho reBt of the peoplo. I an willing that they shall havo land lot wanted for ettloment affair and reasonable rates, I do not wish «interfere with their industry or interest. I am strongly if opinion that tho wisest policy of this olony is to form oraething like a just valuation of tho lads, to ascertain vrtat tracts »re fit for pastoral purposes, nd what tracts fot agricul- tural purpoees, and to sell thee tracts that aro »nly fitted for pastoral uses to pastoral oenpiers at 2s. Gd, or 6b. por acre. I havo a perfect feelinguf alarm at large classes of the peoplo growing up in thioolony dependent upon tho Government in their industria relations, I havo always »jiuusfu ueçrreo payments y freo selector» for this reason. When the Land Bit of 1861 was before tho Farllament, I was a inembc of the Assembly, and I . ttoyed an amendment to this eeot, that if the free eoleotor «mid give vouchers to tho Mniator that ho had complied »îSi :° T^'l'T _* tho la'>that he hod resided on his ffi^ith£thoha,dcultivatdBnd improved it, that ho w».it^bout?,_that ho hi n**0 it his home, that ho ii?/? ,hot wv'!derapsB prodctivo, that the íe¿ simple TTa""10 to him without ay further payments what ««n," if -8,). 1.í00^a d"flion uP°n »o amendments, «nd by referring to tho Votesmd Proceedings or a file of »LmWP«« of tho time, ou will seo thS arguments I I. ii»» . lwo. BtronP ,a8onB for this. The first ia that no men turn lorn to so good an account »>t »(ii, mcn wlJ0 mtíu ¡t productive for tho '"'of..tt6 commnniry. Tb man w_« 6»owo whoat, vegetables, or other orticlcBif food which society re quires, turns land; to a beth? account than any other cía« of men. I do not say tat in disparagement of any other oIbbb, but all history toll us that agriculture is the most honoured and honourblo calling of all pursuits, eimplybecauae that offa givenmrfaco of land agriculturists £« ue? mív° ""i11 "nyixxl' olse, and they did not pro nuce it for themselves, but for the uso of sooioty. And mon men are entitled to a faiiand generous consideration. Jw"-*^60 PoiioyJto erato in this country a olosa of T^-j °i8' Men, whothT they come from England, thtr '"» S.C0il85d> oußWto stand up in tho light of »a» «« Î? ?nttUißenoo; :h0y ought to look every inTil /T dépendait upon their own exertions, inmT?T&to; the Govemmot only for protection, not for look ?« ii, o haT0 too man3 Persons in this country who Go«rniîl? fvcn!meat for ""PPort. They look to tho law n?^?, ior e,ltuations f_ their Bons, for thoir Bons-in «stem AT»'» rejatlT>. Toe sooner we got rid of that ¡S_i«I_ttw f?T a° mT*1?' (Cheers.) The less tho ffitttÄ^"0.00"0«^^'1» «"> Government OJ^'.^^i »m altogether opposed Bent títh»5« !aM °.f I*6T01" connected with the Govern Sad If?» Ttenanta or *«»*»», and I should be oxtromely the corn,*T . Pnwucawe to soo all the squatters of tenant ^rcST1 if01» th° «**»y Hof Crown tone as T eetS,) But that i8 Impossible. So the Bartor»? ThB1î? "* »rineoly domain, and uiwhfchfW"rr6Ulte ^i«1 ou fa th0 manner wntínao Bnt it . n°w"ca?iei onltho present system must "ÄssiWafV,?f íf of ob-6ctilF *» lt80lf- 0f "oT0 to«,*»» fcarIes» indep^den« who^¿fl0ngBI,oil olaes intnooldj »hohad «wived education and! teprouttoHh8r-°C0Untr5'BenU'!l ÉfpHH three S... °w Bam" stuff. « relation to then, t. I ,hai mm Ihn, «J» 7 , alw has to «j! vuu uro uupunuent in m «pon Government to |and resolute character lountry, especially those "aro supported by pro to irond"nf'^"u coarítry genUonJfci in England who aro mi Em« a J^helr positions simnlWHs country gontlomen, ÄutS feW 4l|^r^VihÄy . have dealt with linietration, and I given my views to deal for a short time ¿stratton. A Government -lettons-the function of fof legislation. It has to ta, to carry thom through ito laws, which all of you liniater those laws when istitutions that are oatab rant you to diatinguish .Baking ot laws wt4 tbo odminisig of them. First, I will como to tho case of I, Duncan, the Collector of Customs, and to whii I 1*BV0 already alluded. Mr. Duncan was d>>Bcd from *no ptiblio service by the Govern)1 of Sir JameB Martin in tho latter part of 1868, all kad loft oflico. In fact that was the cause of my retient, Mr. Duncan waa dismissed notwithstond ing hoi an old officer, and that tho Act of dismissal would^rivo him of hiB superannuation allowance, to which had Bubscribod for many years, and notwith stondiibot it would ruin him entirely. You will admit that tJwos o very strong oct. Another person was op npint^llector °f Customs by the Executivo Council. This-reon wqb in no woy implicated in Mr. Dunoi conduct, and ho received his appointment as faa any man could reçoive an appointment. Mr. RobeP- come into offico, dismissed this innocent mon,! rcoppointed Mr. Duncan. Whether the aot was just ,'r. Duncan or not, you will at onco boo that it was unja> tho new man, becauBo ho had not committed any foult'vow wo find Sir James Martin, who dismissed Mr. Bun, and Mr. Robertson, who took tho strong step of disrrng an innocent man und rcappointing Mr. Duncan, worí together and supporting tho Collector of Customs. Thewo men who did these extraordinary things aro now in o> together. I do not seo how it is posBiblo for them to apo from tho dilemma they aro in. Thoy ¿ai either both acted wrong, ..or thoy are cotfmising a great wrong now. (Cheers.) . Tho ncihing tho present Administration* did was to ra duhc salaries of the Civil servante. They carried out thsiuclion in such a fashion that those who wore paid thast wages, felt tho reduction the most sevorcly. I do ncant to appeal to the passions of tho working classes ; bi contend that, if Government are to be employers, trrinciplo they should act upon is this : thoy should eefhat they pay their mechanics exactly tho samo we ob were paid by rospectablo private firmB. If thoy do rr thoy do an injustico to the private employer; if they glees thoy oro likely to get a ol«B9 of inferior workmen. yn Government rashly reduco tho wages of their om jt'B below thoso given by private employers thoy do a frant wrong. Thoy reduced tho salaries of tho Civil rants by the rulo of thumb. Thoy mada no attempt to j trtain which were tho most meritorious officara, or which ihc officers could bo dispensed with. But whother the ¿era wero good or bad, whether tho ofucos wcro wanted not, they reduced all tho Civil servants so much per ft. If a servant was receiving £300 a year, and was iib that, the calory ought not to havo been reduced. If was only worth half that amount the salary ought to vo been reduced to one-half. If the offico was not wanted iught te havo been abolished. But to reduco the Civil vants all round bo much per cent, was a stupid, idiotic, I unjuBtifiablo proceeding. There was one mon, and o only, who was not reduced at all. That was the own-Solicitor. Ha was on excellent officer, of great iilily, and of undoubted integrity. I often wondered by this officer stood alone towering so high lovo tho rest. But on making inquiries, I found it oso in this way : Tho man said plainly to tho Govern- ed that if they reduced his Bolary be would resign. i ney were not prepared to receive uis resignation, ana so hoy lett hie palary untouched. The logical deduction to be Irawn from this is that there is only one valuable officer In the public service Of course, wo know that that is not tho caso. The noxt thing I como to is the Council of Education. That Council, as originally formed, consisted of Sir James Martin, Mr. Spoakor Arnold, Professor Smith, tho Hon. Georgo Allen, and myself. It continued so until I resigned, after holding tho offico for four yoars. The Government appointed Mr. John Fairfax, of the Sydney Morning herald. to fill the vacancy caused by "my retirement. I phould not feel justified in saying ono word to tho detri- ment of thot gentleman. I know ho ia a stanch friend of the Publio Schools Act; and I, as tho Minister who is responsible for that Act, feel the utmost confidence that the Act is safo in bis hands. Therefore I say not a singlo word that would militato against Mr. Fairfax. But he íb the proprietor of the only great journal in this colony-tho only journal that has a great circulation all through the colony. Tho Council of Education is responsible for the expenditure of £110,000 per annum, is responsible for tho just administration of tho Public Schools Act. And I want to know whether it is not desirable that tho greatest journal of this conntry Bhould keop a vigilant watch over tho Council ; and I want to know whether it ia likely that journal will be particular in criticising tho conduot of the Council whilst the chief proprietor of it is a member of the Council? (Hear, hear.) I say It was at least an indiscreet, thoughtless, and censurable, act to moko euch an appointment. The place of Professor Smith, who resigned, could not be supplied. Ho had for many years taken a great interest in the cause of primary education in this colony, without reward of any kind. Ho has loft, however, and a gentleman of wnom but little is known-Mr. R. A. A. Morehead-has boon appointed to the vacancy. I do not know whether any of you over heard of him. The interests of public instruction will, no doubt, bo safe in his bands ; but 1 think that somo gentleman who was better known, who enjoyed tho confidence of the publio more, should havo been appointed to Professor Smith's Beat. (Hear, hoar.) I now come to the industrial schools. Wo havo in this country an industrial school for dos ti tuto and forlorn young girls, where they can bo properly trained and instructed ; but this school has been, I am sorry to say, in a large mcaeuro a failure. I believe the failure has arisen from defects in the law under which it was estab- lished and in tbo defects in its management ; because similar institutions in the mothor-country have boen eminently successful. The institution was established in a linge, well ventilated, well situated building In Nowcastlo. Tho inhabitants of that city complained bocauso of some dbordors that took place ; and tbo Government, instead of taking tho necessary meanB to keep tho girls in ordor, removed the echool to Cockatoo Island. (Laughter.) Tho reputation which the island had obtained ought to havo been sufficient to condemn tho act. Thore is an arsenal and dockyard there, and every now and then a man-of-war puts in to refit. I do not wlsn to Bay anything disrespectful, but mon-of-wars men are generally rather wild in thoir manners. The other night an Ameri- can ship of war waB in tho dock, and the moa formed themselves into a band and endeavoured to scale tho fortress and obtain admission to tho school. I want to know whether it would onter into the head of any man who had a proper Benso of duty, to remove this school to such a neighbourhood as that. Every night almost young mon aro to bo eccn in boats near tho island, shoaling to the girls. The school has now "beoome a scandal and a reproach to tho country, through the acts of the administrators of the law.' I now come to another signal act of admin- istration on tho part of this Government-I moan the late Conference at Melbourne. [Mr. Parkos here gave a ehort history of tho establishment of Border customs I on tho Murray, and of the enterprise of the Victorian j people in constructing railways to tho borders of this colony. The whole trade of the southern part of this colony, he said, had gono from us, through tho superior sagacity of our neighbours ] I can scarcely conceive of a moro irritating question to the inhabitants along the Borders than this question of Customs duos. Several at- tempts woro made botween the Government of Victoria and the Government of this colony to come to some arrange- ment. An agreement was at length entered into, which enabled goods to bo brought across the Border free. That agreement expires in a month, and unless another agree- ment Is entered into, all that terrible annoyance and iiritation caused by our collecting duties will he rcnowed ; and it would bo renewed with tenfold bitterncBB, because tho population is much more numerous. The peoplo of Riverina are beginning to tiro of the annoyance, and they oro beginning to clamour for separation into a distinct colony. And if wo are so blind, so inconsiderate, as again to annoy thom by placing Customs efficers along tho Murray, we shall drive the peoplo into rebellion against tho laws of tho country. Tho Conference with which I am about to deal took place in view of the termination of the treaty, and with a view-to a renewal of it. It was proposed by Sir James Martin him- self. That hon. and learned gcntloman caused a lotter to be addressed to the Government of Victoria, proposing that delegates from tho two Governments Bhould moot in Mel- bourne to endeavour to frame a new agreement to toko the place of the onn about to expire. T now nay fearlessly that the conduct of Sir James Martin and his colleagues from beginning to end of that Conference was the conduct of persons ignorant of what thoy were doing, or utterly in- capable of doing it. (Applause.) What thoy did was this. Sir James Martin took with him two of his colleagues. Why three gentlemen were necessary I cannot understand. Ho took with him Mr. Docker and that transcendent per- sonage Mr. George Lord. (Laughter.) And he took with him a number of other persons. Instead of going by sea, and visiting Melbourne as quietly as possible he went over land, making a groat parade of the drouin stance all the woy. He sent advices three weeks beforehand telling tho Albury people ho waa coming. Well, the Albury peoplo, being four hundred miles from Sydney, are always ready for some excitement. If a telegram had told them that a Bengal tiger was coming they would have looked forward with anxious anticipation. In due time this Ministerial tiger arrived, and as might have been expected, the Albury peoplo got up a dinner to him. He mado a speech to the Albury people right in the ears of those sensitive peoplo of Victoria with whom he had to deal, respeotins a very ticklish and delicate subject. He told them that ho if ho did not get justice ho should not shrink from his duty in placing Customs officers along the river again. Two years ago thero was a very serious question to be settled between Great Britain and the United States of America arising out of the ravages of the pirate ship Alabama. Another difference had arisen with regard to the Canadian fisheries. These two groat vital causes of j difference between two great nations might very easily, and certainly would, if Sir James Martin bad been entrusted to entry out the negotiations, have ended in a long, bloody, and protracted war. But statesmen were selected by the Government of England to go to Washington to endeavour to bring about a peaceable settlement of these two great differences. Now, if Lord Grey and Sir Stafford North- cote, and other eminent gentlemen who formed that dis- tinguished commission, had stopped in Liverpool and allowed themselves to be entertained at a banquet, and they had told the Liverpool merchants that if the Ameri- can Government would not listen to reason they would pnt the dockyards in order and have the British navy manned, do you think they weuld have been received by the Cabinet at Washington? They would even havo lost for ever the good esteem of their own countrymen. Bat yet that is exaotly what Sir James Martin did. Ho stopped at a town in our I territory and allowed himself to state, at a vulgar little 1 duner, that be h¿d, r0 for but tu« Q^ïnm^t, çj yk,. toria would listen to reason and justice ; but that if they would not, ho would not shrink from doing his duty in placing Customs officers on tho Murray. He wont on to Melbourne, but iho report of his speeoh reaohed there before him. The peoplo of Melbourno being a prosperous pt opie on tho wholo, being a people who havo succeeded with Parliamentary government bettor than the other colonies had done, and being a people proud of thoir exist- ence, they set their backs up immediately, and said thoy were not going to bo bounced into anything. And thus Sir James Martin entered into negotiations under tho most unfavourable circumBtancos possible What did Sir Jamos Martin do when ho got to Melbourno? Ho imme- diately began to go about seeing Bights. Ho was coached about hero and thcro beforo ho entered upon the eerious work of tho Conference, and when he did enter upon it, according to his own report to Parliament, ho took up tho position that ho would havo a certain Bum of money, and that unless the Victorian Government gave it to him ho would do nothing. Woll, tho Melbourne Government were not disposed to be dealt with in that fashion, and ho has now, after riding the high horse, to como off that animal and enter upon negotiations in accordance with thoir teims. That, I think, is about as bungling and discredit- able a performance of a duty-that required dolicacy, consideration, and prudence at every stcp~ that could well havo been presented to tho peoplo of this country. Sir JamcB Merlin's nation of diplomacy was very old fashioned. In former years diplomacy was carriod on in a poouliar way. It was considered neccBsary that diplomatists should ride in a carriage and six, that thoy should have a largo reiinuo of ladies and gentlemen, and bo adorned with gor- geous apparel ; and there were often silly disputes about questions of precedence. It was thus recorded in history respecting a conference that was held at Ryswyk. There were three diplomatists, and thoy took threo days in disputing which should havo priority of entronco into tho room. They at last decidod to take a room with threo entrances, so that that difference was got over, (Laughter.) When they got in thoy disputed threo days about who should sit down first. (Laughter.) They ended that disputo by all of thom standing. It became necessary, however, for them all to sit down. (Laughter.) They then adjourned to a room whore thero were Beats. They then disputed threo days as to who should eit at the head of the table. They ended that disputo by having a round tabla brought in. (Laughter.) Threo days wero taken up in disputing as to who should eit opposite the door. Having got over that knotty point they disputed threo days moro as to who should sit at the right hand of the man who sat opposite to tho door. (Laughter.) I am forcibly reminded of this netnblo proceeding by tho diplomacy of Sir Jamos Martin, .Mr. Docker, and Mr. Lord at the Conference at Melbourno. I happen to have in my small collection of bookB some works on diplomncy, and one of thom, a French authority, BBys that in tho last contury a diplomatio mission generally included, besides a" layman of high rank, a bishop, and a lawyer. In the three gontlemen who went down to Melbourno wo had a lawyer in the person of Sir James Martin, a layman of high rank in tho person of Mr. Docker, and I concludo that Mr. Lord was taken to represent the Bishop. (Laughter.) And I sup. poso that howes tbo Lord Bishop of tho party. (Continued laughter.) Our delegates entirely failed at the Con- ference for want of prudoneo, and inability to compro bend the question they had undertaken to sottlo. Mr, Parkes then proceeded to condomn the Govern- ment for taking Buen a long receBs, the result of whioh was that it had been found impossible to transact the business of the country beforo tho end of tho year. He did not think tho Government wore entitled to public confidenoo ; ond if returned to Parliament, he should not hesitate to vote for a motion of want of confidence. Ho then epoko of tho difficulties that had to bo encountered in passing the Public Schools Act, and of the good results that ore likely to flow upon tho colony from thot measure. Ho then proceeded to speak of the mineral ond pastoral wealth of the colony, and of the future greatness of this colony. In conclusion, ho said tbat,_so far as he was con- cerned he should, in the interest of his own welfare, shrink from occupying a position which ho folt he was not fitted to occupy with dignity, honour, and usefulness. Ho had nowish for office, for the Boko of office. But any mon ci- pecially a man standing in tho relations ho did-who went into Parliament muBt bo prepared for office, if it legitimately como in his way-if tho course of events threw it in his way. It was then not only permissible for him to take it, but his duty to take it. But unless ho (Mr. Parkes) could take office with men who were agreed upon any policy, and who hod a sufficient stock of ability to carry ont that policy, for his own credit sake he should certainly novor think of taking office. (Cheers). Several questions were put to Mr. Patkes, which ho answered in an -apparently satisfactory manner. Ho thought it was wrong thatany man should hove the powerB of Attorney-General ond Grond Jury, and at the Bamo time occupy the position of Premier. He wob in favour of the grazing rights as at present in existence. He was not nt present in favour of compulsory education; he did not Bee how it could bo carried out in many parts of tho colony. Tho Council of Education, in the appointment of local boaids, were guided in a great measure by the recommenda- tion of the school isspeotors. A show of hands was taken. About 200 were held np for Mr. Parkes, and about eight or ton for Mr. O'Connor, A poll was demanded on behalf of Mr. O'Connor, who was not present. Threo cheers woro given for the Queen, three for Mr. Parkes, snd threo for the Roturning-oflicer. 