EPISCOPALIAN PREACHERS AT QRET FRIARS CHBROH, EDIN- BURGH. On Sunday, the 24th of December last, Professor Jowett, master of Baliol College, Oxford, preached in Grey Friars Presbyterian Church, Edinburgh, which was crowded on tbe occasion. At the conclusion of his sermon, alluding to his presence in that church, he said : " I believe that on this occasion for the first, or nearly the first, time a minister oft another denomination has preached in this ancient church, and, to avoid misunderstand- ing, and also that I may not be thought to intrude myself, I should like to explain very briefly whnt appears to me to be the signifi canee of such an act. Certainly a clergyman of the Church.of England does not come here to tell yon anything new.; he has no lesson to impart which you might not have learned hotter from your own ministers ; still less does he desire to assert a question of right ; be is only availing himself of a privilege which, though little used, seems to be allowed, or not denied, by the Church of Scotland. But the occasion is a trifle; the thing sig nified is of moro importance. For wr cannot help feeling weary and ashamed of the contentions and divisions .which disturb the Christian Church. We meet together in business, in society, in the family, but at the door of the church we part, and that which ought to be the highest bond of union amongst us becomes the most lasting ele J ment of discord-' our greatest love turned I to our greatest bate.' Does any one believe that this separation and antagonism is alto ther right ? Nations seem to come togethor and enter into relations with one another ; but churches, when once divided, ara always divided-the hard lines which were fixed two or three centuries ago are not obliterated, but deepened by time. We do not, of course, suppose that churches can be pulled down and rebuilt in a day on a larger aüd moro comprehensive plan. Like laws, they are the growth of ages, and national feelings and peculiarities are reflected and embodied in them. But while admitting the fixed cha racter of national institutions, wa desire also sometimes to regard the members of other religious bodies and all men everywhere as tbey are in the Bight of God, according to the ?natural feelings of the human heart-not di- vided as Episcopalians and Presbyterians, or Catholics and Protestants, or even as Chris tians and heathen. We wish to think of thesediffor enees as they will appear to us in the hour of death, when we shall be occupied with our own lives, and not with forms of faith-with our own sins, and not with the errors of chnrches-with the thought of another world, and not with the controversies of this. We feel that the points in which we are agreed are immeasurably more important than those in which we differ, and we are sensible that all Christian churches have so far failed in their mission that we cannot set up oae'as the rival of another. We desire, too, that the unity of the invisible Church breaking through the visible, like the sun in the heavens over- coming the mists and fogs of winter, should sometimes smile upon us and be spread around and in onr hearts. Nor can we deny that the spirit of division has had a baneful effect not only on our own Uves, but on the nation at large, nor only on other ages, but also on this. How much of our class jealousies seem to arise from this cause? That those who are naturally connected-Bay, as landlord and tenant, or in any other way-should be separated by religion, is Burely a sad evil, which overy one in his place should bo seeking to remedy. Again, there is the question of national education, about which we are often told that the great difficulty is religion. If the religious commu nities of England and Scotland are charged before a higher than man's judgment-seat with having delayed the progress of education for a generation, what can they say? 'Lord, we have maintained the confessions of faith ; we have taught the catechism ; we have preached in the synagogue ; we have denounced heresy and Erastianism. But must not the answer be: 'Forasmuch as ye allowed these children to perish through your divisions' ? Or, once more, are we not often alarmed at the hideous spread of pauperism and vice, with which the Church or Churches of Christ seem unable to cope? But while we are divided among ourselves, how can we expect to carry on a straightforward battle against evil-while we are more interested about points in which we differ than about the great truths of religion and morality in which we are agreed? And although we do not dream of a union of churches, yet may wo not hope to see a true sense of proportion amongst us ; that the external may no longer prevail over the internal, and that we may recognise the ties which unite us to be far greater and more enduring than the accidents which sepa rate us. All opinions are not the same or indifferent, but we have to learn that they are only valuable as tbey tend to quicken in us the Christian life. Let a man fix his mind on the image of Christ set before us in the Gospels-' He went about doing good '-and the lines which divide churches, and which once appeared so strongly marked, will fade away before his eyes. In some common work of charity-the management of a school, the care of a home, the improvement of the dwell- ings of the poor-he will find the solution of a difficulty for which theologians have sought in vain." On Sunday, the 7th of January of the pre- sent year, Benn Stanley preached in the same old church, and concluding his sermon he said : "The solemn League and Covenant is dead and buried, hut tho new commandment, which bids us unite instead of dividing, and build up instead of destroying, is a league far more sacred and a covenant far more binding than any which your forefathers ever signed with their blood or followed to death or vic- tory. The famous Confession of Faith which issued from the Jerusalem Chamber of West- minster in the 17th century, as an expression of the whole church and nation of Great Britain—noble and inspiring though it he in some respects beyond all other confessions of Protestant Europe—is yet not for a moment to be compared with the uniting and sancti- fying force of the vast Christian English literature which, in the 19th century, has become the real bond and school of the nation, beyond the power of educational or ecclesiastical agitations to exclude or to pervert. And, surely, it may be said that if there be any spot where, should a preacher be silent on this great theme, the very stones would immediately cry out, it is this venerable sanctuary. Of Greyfriars Church and church yard, as of my own Abbey of Westminster, it may truly be said that it is a consecrated temple of reconciled ecclesiastical enmities. Here, as there, the silence of death breathes a lesson which the tumult of life hardly suffered to ho heard. In the same ground with the martyrs of the Covenant lies the great advocate by whose counsels their blood was shed. Within the same hallowed bounds sleep tho wise leaders of the Church of Scot- land in tho last century, whom tho per- secutors and the persecuted of au earlier age would alike have condemned. And not only is this lesson of larger, gentler, more discriminating justice forced upon us by the thought of that judgment-seat before which they all have passed, but tho memory also of the deeds which have been wrought within these precincts impresses the same truth upon us. Here it was that Episcopalian ministers shed tears of grateful sorrow over the grave of their Presbyterian benefactor, Carstairs; here it was that Erskine, with generous candour, preached the funeral eulogy over his rival, William Robertson. On this spot, where a vast congregation of every age and rank pledged themselves to ihe death to extirpate every form and shred of prelacy, the Scottish Church in these latter days has had the courage to revive ancient forms of liturgical worship, and to wel- come the ministrations of Episcopal clergy- men. These contrasts are themselves suffi- cient to remind ns how transitory aro the feuds which have in former days rent asunder the churches of these islands-how eternal are the bonds which unite them when viewed in the light of history, and before the judgment of a better world. And if the ghosts of these ancient disputes have been laid to sleep never, we trust, to return-if the coming of a brighter age and the opening of a wider horizon has dawned from time to time on the teachers, famous in their generation, who have ministered within these walls-then I trust it will not have been altogether unsuit- able, in this place and on this occasion, that a Scottish congregation should have heard from an English churchman the best New Year's blessing, in the form of this sacred text-' A new commandment I give unto yon, that ye love one another, " 