EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIV1NG . STONE'S SECOND LETTER. Dr Livingstone's second letter to Mr J. G-. Bennett appeared in the New York Herald of the 27th ult., and a copy of it was courte ously sent to -the London papers. As the letter is of great importance we select the most interesting passages from it. The Slave Teabe. Speaking of this horrible trade the Doctor says :—" Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflicts on the victims'Snd on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalized by a long coarse of service, with but few of the ameliorating influences thai elevate more favoured races, are fair average 'specimens of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to j.doinestie bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most unhealthy climate. These | fyave told most' injuriously on their physical frames,while fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main Hjody: of the .population living free in the 'intejrtdr, tinder their own chiefs and laws— cultivating their awn Farms, catching the jS,sh of their own rivers,-, or fighting hravely wlt&\- ifijo%^aizeft? c>f. ttoe forests, wjifcfc: iii «to^r« l<ecenf .coutinon to «an-6nly be reached in' rocky strata or under perennial ice. Winwoode Jfceade.hit the; truth! when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than the Wests Coast African, who has been debased by the unhealthy land he jives in. Slaves generally—and especially those on the West Coast; at Zanzibar, and eisewiiere—are extremely ugly. I liave no prejudice_,agaiiist their colour; indeed, any one who lives long among tliem forgets that they are black," ,-and [ feels' that they are just fellow meo. Sat. the lowre treating foreheads prognathous jaws.lark-heels and other physi cal peculiarities common among slaves and WesiUoast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion as those with which we view specimens of the ' Bill Sikes' and . bruiser class in England. " I woujd not fitter: a syllable calculated to press down either pkssjuore deeply iu„the<juire ^nJiich. tb<?y are/al ready sunk. But I'wish: to point out that; these are not typical Africans ahv more than typical Englishmen, and that the iia.uves of nearly all the high lands of the Ulterior *>f tiie Continent are as a rule, fair arerage specimens of homanity. . I happened to.be present when all the head men of the .gr^at c^ief. Insama, lives west of the south end of ilangptiyika.who had come together to make peace with certain Arabs who had burned their chief town, and I am certain copld iipt s^e more finely-formd intel lectual heads in any assembly xo London or ^rM,pnc[ the faces' and forms- correspond with tbe finely-shaped heads.*1" " « T LT®E: OF 'SiAVBS; .. >- ^ opce -saw' a'party:of twelve who had*. T»*e^ s ^ ^ 'f1 ^keir own country—Liuhda .or Motidat-of ; which Cazembe is .ishief or .g<inerak ^ Tbey wevk loaded with--heavy .wooden yokes, wh:eh are forked tteea about three mcjiei ^in diameter and seven or' eight feet long, ihe neck is inserted inthe fork. r driven in across from one end t e : and'riveted4 the. other enjd is lied-at night to a. tree or to the • ceiling, the neck bein£ firm in a ■ , r°j 1-he/sla ve_sa held offfrom unloosing it. Cu Cisslve^ trtiublesbiiie to the wearer, and wbea marching two yokes are/tieS to gether bj their free/en^s, aud ,lode£ p'tit;otf the slaves, head besides. Women Tia'viug'ih. addition \o the yoke and lode a cbild^on 4lie back, have, said to me-onpaesingj ' They "are killing me i; if tfaey would take off the yoke icouid manage the lode and child, but! shail die with three lodes.' One who spoke .s , , "i0? a,I(J the poor little girl her child perished of starvation. I interceded for. some but When unyoked .off 'they bounded into the long grass, and ! was.'gently hjaroed for not caring to preserve the .owner's pro-, perty. Afte> a day's march under the brbil ing. sun, with yokes and heavy lodes the strongest are;exhausted. The p&rty; of twelve above, mentioned were sitting singing, and a"g^,ng- - Hfl'or said I '* these fDlows whom 41 b uosophers say slavery is, ihe natural state;' and I, went ami afted-the ca,}f;e0£ their mirth. I had to fesk the aid* of their owner as to the meaning oftheword rukha. which usually means to fly or toilegp. They, : -were using it to express the idea of haunting, , as a ghost , and inflicting: disease and death ; I Upd the song was - Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad or. whit& man's land) wiih yoke's on our necks ; but' «:e shall have no yokes m death ?a..a we shall return and; haunt and k.ll you."- Th6 eliorus then struck in was the name of the man who had sold each of them, and then followed the general laugh, in which at first f saw no bitterness. Jreretube, an old man of at least 104 years had- been one of the .sellers In accordance with African belief they had no doubt of of being soon able, by ghost power,* to kill even him. Their refrain as if, ; . ^Qh / ! * . • ■, ■ '. -Bird of-Jfre^doiu, a?h !' ■ Xou sold mfe; oh^-ohi . •='••• ■ , ' . | ^^-h&unt;^yp^ oh, oh,,olil i . -the. teajs of' -VAppxesseci; and they had no comforter,' 'He. that is higher than the highest regardeth.''' Afbicax Ladies. Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they had only let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change their charming black eyes, beautiful fore heads, ninely-ronuded limbs, well shaped forms, and small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves ; and this they do— oh, the hussies!—by filing their splendid, teeth to points like cat's teeth.- It was'-dis1 tressing for it made their smile, which has so much power over us great he donkeys, like that of the crocodile. Ornaments are scaicr. What would our ladies do if they had none but pout and lecture us on ' woman's rights* p But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adoring their fine warm brown skins, tattooing varions pretty devices' without colours, that besides purposes of beauty, serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tar tans." lHE VALLKS" OF THE JNlXE " But why go amnri" the cannibals at all ? Was it not like joining the Alpine Club in order to be lauded if you don't breat your neck where your neck ought to' be broken ? This makes me turn back to the watershed as I promised. It is a broad belt of tree covered upland, some 700 miles in length from west to east. The general altitude is between 4,000 and 5,000 feet above the sea, anil mountains stand on it at various points which are between 6,000 and 7,000 feet above the ocean level. On this watershed sprinjrs arise which are well-nigh innumerable—that is, it would take half a man's lifetime to count them. These springs join each other and form brooks, which again converge and become rivers, or say streams, of 20, 40, or 80 yards, that never dry. All flow towards the centre of an immense valley, which I believe to be the Valley of the Nile. In this trough we have at first three large river?. Then all unite into one enormous lacustrine river, the central line of drainage, which I name Webb's Lualaba. In this great valley there are five great lakes. One near the upper end is'" called Lake Bernba, or more properly Bangweolo, but it is not a source of the Nile, for no large river begins in a lake. It is supplied by a river called (Jhamheze and several others, which may be considered sources, and out of it flows the large river Luapula, which enters Lake Moero, and comes out as the great lake river Lualaba to form Lake Kamolondo. West of Kamolondo but still in the great vallej', lies Lake Lincoln which I name as- my little tribute of love to the great and good man America enjoyed for some time and lost. One of the three great rivers I- mentioned—Bartle Frera's or Lufira —falls into Kamolondo, and .Lake Lincoln becomes a lacustrine river, ,aud it, toQ, .joins the central line of drainage, but lower down, and all three united form the fifth lake, from which the stayes sent to me, instead of men, forced me to my great grief, to leave as the ' unknown lake.' By my reckoning—the chronometers being all dead—it Is five de grees of longitude west of Speke's position of Ujiji; this makes it probable that the great lacustrine river in the valley is the western branch—or Petherick's Nile—the Bahar Ghazal, and not the eastern branch—which Speke. Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Egypt: If correct, this would make it the Nile, only after all the Bahar Ghazal enters the eastern arm.'' 