ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS. SYDNEY. Tuesday, 9 p.m. BUTLER, Innes, Piddington, and Farnell were returned unopposed. Macquarie had the show of hands at New castle, but Lloyd's election is considered certain. . Fiji papers report that Captain Muir was murdered by a seaman of the Marrian Renny. The censure debate has been resumed in the Victorian Parliament. . The Executive will not interfere in the Lester aud Nichols case. A few admirers of the P.R. gave a benefit to Fred. Smith, a well-known Victorian pugilist, on Monday evening last, at the ilisonic Hall. The attendance, notwith standing the short notice giveu, was very fair. Several local amateurs put on the gloves with Smith, who displayed a great deal of science, and show.ed himself thoroughly master of the art. We understand that he means to appear once more in public before he leaves Wagga. As will be seen from our advertising columns, Mr. C." A. Benbow, dentist, is again about to visit Wagga. He purposes to arrive here on the 5th June, and can be consulted on that and following days at his rooms in Gurwood-street. . A SPECIAL general meeting of the members or the Wagga Wagga Buildiug Society is called for to-morrow evening (Thursday), the 30th inst., at the Pastoral Hotel, to take into consideration the advisability of borrow ing money to a larger amount prospectively than is at ^jt-eslnt allowed by the rules, in funds of the society. As ^Eis is a matter of great importance to all members, and one. which.wehope will be carried out, we sin cerely trust there may be a large attend ance. 0>" Friday, night last {Queen's "Birthday), while Mr. Layshon was letting off a quantity of fireworks at Mr. Hunter's establishment in Fitzmanrice-streei, one of the largest rockets, through some flaw in the covering, burst in his hand and burnt him Severely. Fortunately only his hand was injnred, which was immediately attended to, and is now, we axe glad to hear, getting rapidly well. WE would remind suitors that the last day for tiling plaints for hearing at the ensu ing District' Court will be Saturday, the 1st Juno-next The criminal business com mences-on Thursday, 13th June, and the civil on Monday, the 17th. We understand that our townsman, Mr. Hunter, -has purchased from Mr. Moxham the two shops on the Sandhill, at present occupied by Mr. Beeson and Messrs. Bergin and Co. Mr. Hunter intends, we believe, to throw the two places into one, and carry out the front in the same elaborate style as that belonging to1 Messrs. Roberts, Copland, and C i. When this improvement is completed, it will give that portion of the town quite an imposing appearance. We believe also that Mr. Shaw has concluded the purchase of the allotment o: land opposite His store in Gurwood-street, she former site of the would be Sir Roger Tichbarae's bark residence, on which he purposes, we hear, to erect three good shops.-;' These improvements speak well for the advancement of the town. HorsnxEEPERS will be sorry to hear that there is a rise of a penny a quart in the milk market. :TSb dairymen complain that there is " great difficulty in procuring a sufficient supply of milk," and that therefore they are under the disagreeable necessity o: extending their operations and "taiikicg"' their cus tomers. . ; - THE riv^r-navigafion season commences next month, and promises to be more than usually active. In addition to the local baat, the Tidtoria, which (river permitting) leaves E-:hucaon her first trip on next Monday week, it will be seen from our advertising columns that the Upper Murray and Riverine Steam- boat Company propose to ran regular weekly trips to Wagga, calling at the inter mediate towns and stations throughout the season. The first steamer, a new boat called the "Freetrader,"1 will be despatched early in June, to be followed by the "Lady Daly." The lowest current rates for goods and passengers will be charged, and with a favourable season we have no doubt of this spirited enterprise proving as profitable to the company as it certainly will be advan tageous to Wagga and the neighbourhood. We understand that the law against "picking at:! stealing" is not always observed by visitors to the Mechanics' Insti tute, several par-ers-especially the Leader aud 5. If. I It--,'J - having lately disap peared verv mysteriously from the Reading room. Sarii very petty larceny as this is the r2-.->e dssvi'able as it is really equivalent to robViij a be 2e factor, the small subscrip tion to the Institute being far .more than repaid by the advantages oSeraa to those who kno o how to appreciate them. THE Chief Engineer of Harbour.? and Rivera, Mr. Moriarty, accompanied by the late superintendent of the snagging party, Mr. Labatt, is expected iu town tomorrow on some Government business. The oppor tunity will be taken, we believe, by some of the townspeople to " interview " him on the .subject of protection of the river bank at the old wharf reserve. WAGGA'S quartz reefs are her hotels-at least it seems to be chiefly in that line that what speculation there is to spare these dull times tiuds its field. The last transaction j reported is the sale yesterday of Mr. Markey's Criterion Hotel to Mr. John Clark for a good'figure. Mr, Clark enters upon diis new house at once, and from his well . knoifn character as a popular host will, no doubt, soon revive the fortunes of a house ?which so far cannot be said to have been a lucky one. THE advantages of railway communication aije-certainly being recommended to Wagga "in a very curious, we might say Irish fashion. Since the opening of the first 60 miles of the North-Eastern railway, the mails that used to reach us on Sunday have been delayed till the following Tuesday, so that at this rate when the full line i3 completed we may expect to be in something like weekly, or even fortnightly communication with Mel bourne ! A.telegram from Orange says-A lode surpassing anything in richness hitherto discovered, has been come upon at the lowe3t level in the Uncle Tom claim, at Wentworth. Its estimated yield is 200oz. per ton. THE Pastoral yews has it from reliable sources that the Sydney Government is now prepared to proceed with the erection of a bridge over the Murray, opposite to Echuca, if the Victorian Government willbnt agree to the site of the structure. REFERRING to the case of Mr. Graham Berry, the BaUarat Evening Mail has ''it upon authority that has never deceived ns that the following incst serious charge, as affecting the private life of the Treasurer, will form the gravamen of the accusation put forward by Mr. Garratt. It is said that the Treasurer committed an act of a highly immoral nature, in consequence of which he promised (to prevent publicity) to provide his father-in-law with a 'good situation.' The agreement i3 said to have been ill writing, and the terms having been carried one, said agreement was sought to be recovered. Unfortunately it somehow came into the hands of an enemy." ACCORDING to the Banner, it is proposed to form a club at Alburv, to be called "The Albury Club." The club will have a club house, consisting of reading. . dining, and other rooms, which will be under the control of a committee elected annually by the members. The entrance fee has been fixed at £1. and the annual subscription at £5, payable, half-yearly in advance. Already gnoi progress has b.een made in the formation of the club, several gentlemen bavins con sented to join, and there will be no difficulty in obtaining suitable accommodation. THE Hay Standard tells the following ghost story:-As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying ' Hie. hie.' Young Donohoe stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, cooeyed, and looked abont for half-an-honr, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the Point some 20 years ago : and our informant states that Mr. Peter" Halbisch, the former mail con tractor, two years ago saw the form of a man cbnging to his coach wheels ; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time saw the figure of a "man. towahil^freVp^rWa^tea^afsa:-4-^ THE Alhury Banner has been informed that the Executive . have commuted the sentence of death of the prisoner Ebel to that of imprisonment for life. THE Gundaqai Timet reports that a new reef has been discovered on Mount Parnassus during the present week, by our townsman. J. M'Kenzie, which is sitnated on a spur of the hill above Gleuhayes, and the results of the rough crushing and testing of some . specimens fonud there are so satisfactory that a regular local rush to the spot has taken place, and many claims have been pegged out; The holders thereof are of course sanguine c.l success ; but other persons perhaps of the class that love to prophecy evil and failure-have boen heard to state their conviction that the reef is on the wrong side of the hill for gold. We sincerely hope these croakers m ly be wrong, and that the new reef may turn up trumps. THE Pleasant Creeh Xei&t; says that a yonng and respectable woman had been keeping company with a young man working in one of the mines there, and they were engaged to be married. The wedding was fixed, but the girl's sweetheart deserted her, lea vine his victim to die in despair, after giving birth to an illegitimate chili Amosg the inconveniences, says the Age, which have been entailed upon this country by the action of New South Wales with .respect to the Border duties is a heavy item of expense through the necessity of keeping customs clerks at all the small crossing places along the Man-ay. More than half-a dozen young men have been told off from the Customs Department during the last four months for this work. At some of the smaller places not more than two or three entries have bean passed during the last three months and a-half, and the receipts at one station have only reached £2. " Arnccs." in the Leader, tells the tol lowins genial little story:-" I heard a good story of a wealthy Hebrew whose daughter was'raarrie-l a short time aso to one of the chosen people. Abraham did the extremely hospitable. and invited all his friends to a most sumptuous marriage feast. But though on pleasure he was bent he had a frugal mind, and the temptation of making a little money was too strong for his sense of pro priety. ' Moss," said he in the middle of the entertainment, 'is that tnrkey goodr ' Stimuinc. s'elp me.' ' And the sausages, Slo? 'Nipping.' 'And the champagne, Ike? 'Why, Jack Depass himself couldn't drink better.' ' Oh. I am glad you're all pleased. I don'i think five bob a head all round could hurt you for such a feed as this.' 