Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XII. SOMETHING MORE ABOUT THE TIN BOX. NEARLY twelve months before the date of Ben and Frank's arrival in Melbourne, Mr. Blackstone re- ceived a confidential communication from a solicitor in England requesting him to cause diligent search to be made for Mr. Henry Gordon Marshall, who had absconded from his home some time before, taking with him a large amount in cash, and foreign bonds and securities for money for a still larger amount. The absconder had been traced to New York, and thence to California, but though there had been active agents in that country on the look-out for him for many months they had failed to obtain a clue to his whereabouts, and it was conjectured that he had made his way to some of the Australian colonies. Mr. Blackstone was urged to spare no effort in searching for the absentee, and, if possible, to obtain possession of the securities he had purloined, or such of them as, he had not been able to negotiate, but, for family reasons, it was not desirable that the fraudulent nature of his acts should be made public. Acting upon the advice of his correspondent, which were accompanied with a satisfactory guarantee for the payment of all reasonable fees and charges, Mr. Blackstone commissioned one of the clerks in his office, Mr. Sharp, to go in search of the absconder. It was not deemed advisable to enlist detective officers into the service, for private reasons before hinted at; moreover, Mr. Blackstone preferred confiding the management of the whole affair to his own office. The clerk who was dispatched on the exciting errand was a brisk young man of easy address and accommodating manners, and who had a far stronger liking for a roving life of adventure than for the dry routine of his office in the city. He accepted the post with a readi- ness which will be understood by the reader if he be a clerk doomed to close work at the desk all the year round. Under different guises and various pretexts Mr. Sharp visited most of the gold-fields of Victoria, and the details of his tour would doubtless make a thick volume if he had been as much disposed to go into book-making as some tourists are. But though he visited many diggers' camps he did not meet with any person corresponding to the carte-de-visite which he carried in his pocket-book. He had reason to believe, however, that a man something like the absconder, but with more hair about his face, had been at the Bendigo and also at the Kingower diggings, but the name of Henry Gordon Marshall was not known to any one. After several months of unsuccessful searching Mr. Sharp returned to Melbourne, looking more like an unlucky digger than a lawyer's clerk. He was preparing to start on a similar tour of discovery to the New South Wales gold- fields, when another letter was received by Mr. Blackstone, from the solicitor in England, informing him that owing to a death in the family of Henry Gordon Marshall he became entitled to a large estate, which realised £6000 a year from the royalty of its coal mines alone. It was necessary that he should return to England at once; or if not alive, that proof of his death should be sent home as soon as possible; moreover, his return was earnestly desired by the surviving members of his family, who wished him to be as- sured that his misconduct would be overlooked— an assurance by the way which is generally given to wealthy heirs. In consequence of that communica- tion, Mr. Blackstone advertised for the missing one in all the leading newspapers in the Australian colonies. The advertisement had appeared for more than two months in the Melbourne Argus before it met the eye of Ben, under the circumstances before narrated. When Ben first called at Mr. Blackstone's office that gentleman soon perceived the importance of the information which Ben was possessed of, and no doubt he was glad to see such a promising client, but he was too shrewd a lawyer to allow his feelings to interfere with his cool judgment. His first glance at Ben's honest face assured him that he was not in danger of being imposed upon by any deeply laid trick. Ben's plain, straightforward answers to the first questions put to him showed an entire absence of roguish cunning, and that he had an honest desire to fulfil the task he had undertaken as soon as possible. Mr. Blackstone inferred that the parcel, for which Ben had such a mysterious regard, con- tained the valuable securities which it was so desir- able to regain possession of, and he was naturally anxious to get it—nay he had mentally resolved to get it, but how to proceed about it, in a pacific way so as to evade unpleasant exposure, required much con- sideration and professional ingenuity. It was highly gratifying to learn that Ben had an accomplice, a living witness of the death of Mr. Marshall, within such easy means of access. Mr. Blackstone saw the advantage to be gained by an interview with the prisoner, so he decided that he would visit Frank before Ben could possibly communicate with him. He appointed noon the next day to see Ben again, as before stated; and, no sooner had he left the office than Mr. Blackstone got into a cab and drove straight away to the goal. Ben, as he walked homeward, cogitating on the stirring events of the morning, and the personal benefit, that might accrue therefrom, had not the least suspicion that Mr. Sharp was following him at a safe distance, in short, that he was being closely watched. Mr. Blackstone was too keen a diplomatist to tell Frank at first the real object of his visit to him. He began by inquiring into the nature of the charge on which he had been committed to goal, and stated that he had been requested by a Mr. Benjamin Bruce to procure counsel for the defence. After Frank had expressed his gratitude for the thoughtful kindness of his friend Ben, he begun to tell all about the affray with Mr. Levey, and was incidentally led on by questions adroitly put to him, to state how and where he first became acquainted with Ben, and that the object they jointly had in coming to Melbourne was to manage a little business for a deceased ship- mate, and then to go to England together to carry some documents to the dead man's friends. That admission was sufficient for Mr. Blackstone to make numberless inquiries, without exciting the suspicions of the simple old sailor, and eventually to draw from him an accidental allusion to the tin box. But he soon perceived that he had told rather too much, and began to be more guarded in his answers, and at length to display something like a dogged obstinacy when he found that he was being "pumped." After Mr. Blackstone's second interview with Ben, which I have described, he felt convinced that the tin box contained the valuable securities, but he was sure that it was no use trying any power of persuasion, or even pecuniary offers, to induce Ben to tell where the box was concealed. Nothing short of judicial measures could be effective to soften such obstinacy, and he was even doubtful if the law itself could be applied to the case as it then stood. Mr. Sharp was more hopeful than his master, though he admitted that his views differed in some degree from the learned authorities he had referred to in the office library. The case seemed to be surrounded with difficulties, as cases often are to professional men, when they are as clear as daylight to a disinterested investigator. The securities were stolen property undoubtedly, and there could be no question who was the thief, but as they were not in possession of Ben he could not be indicted as a receiver. That was law, and common sense also; moreover, the proof was wanting that the said box actually contained the securities in question. Furthermore, it was not desirable to have recourse to law at all in the matter. After giving many hours close consideration to the perplexing case, and conferring with his active clerk, Mr. Blackstone decided, first of all, to offer bail for Frank, and after his release from gaol to cause a constant watch to be kept over him and his companion, in order to discover, if possible, where the box was concealed. The success of these plans was greater than even sanguine Mr. Sharp anticipated. Ben and Frank were tracked to the Fitzroy Gardens and back to their lodgings, and were then arrested, as I have already shown. On their way to the police station they were, as if by a lucky accident, met by Mr. Blackstone himself who prevailed upon the police- men to take the prisoners to his office. Thus in less than two hours after the tin box was exhumed, it was, together with the parcel of manuscript, in the hands of Mr. Blackstone; and Ben and Frank were standing before him, quaking with fear lest they had un- wittingly committed a felony. I need not stay to inquire by what authority or manœuvring the men were made prisoners, and subjected to searching of their persons and their boxes, or by what process of law they were after- wards respited from the lock-up, at the instance of the lawyer. It will scarcely be disputed by any observant person that the law is sometimes stretched a point or two, and it is as equally palpable that there are "little dodges" occasionally adopted in com- mercial, political, and even in social life, when the end is supposed to justify the means. Frank and Ben were strangers in the great city, and they had neither friends nor money, that was pretty well understood, so they could not very well take action against the. process adopted, even if they had suspected its legality. It was argued that their common sense would naturally suggest to them the advisability of keeping quiet, for their own sakes; but even if they chose to be obstreperous, as Britons sometimes are when their rights and liberties are infringed, all they could say or do would not damage Mr. Blackstone's reputation, even if it were admitted to be an error of professional judgment. At any rate no other way could be devised of getting the important box and parcel than the bold stroke which had been planned and carried out. The merit ot the scheme was certainly due to Mr. Sharp, and it is not unlikely that he would have borne the onus of it if it had mis- carried. For nearly an hour (during which Mr. Blackstone and his clerk were in close conference), Ben and Frank were left in the front office to reflect on their position, which did not appear to be a very safe one, and they both declared that if they had foreseen the trouble that had accrued to them they would have sewn Dumby's parcel up with him in his hammock, and let the tin box lie in the hole where he had buried it, until it had turned to rust and dust. Presently Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Sharp re-entered the office, . and began again to question Ben and Frank about their deceased shipmate, but got no additional infor- mation, for the simple reason that the men had no more information to give. "I have a proposal to make to you, Mr. Bruce," said Mr. Blackstone, "I need not remind you that you have run a great risk of losing your liberty through having the tin box and parcel in your possession. However, you have nothing to fear now, the risk is all mine. I have the property in safe custody, and it shall be forwarded by the next mail to England to the proper owner. I propose to you, and to your friend Mr. Shouter, that if both agree to give me the neces- sary evidence respecting the death of Mr. Marshall, and make declaration to the same in due legal form, I will pay to each of you the sum of fifty pounds in cash, and, in addition, I will undertake your defence, Mr. Shouter, at the forthcoming assizes, free of any cost to you. I may as well tell you, now I think of it, that I have received a letter from Captain Beckett, of the Wolf, which states that a certain man, named in the ship's books Andrew Hall died at the entrance to Cook's Straits, and that his effects were left to the authorities at Wellington. It will be satisfactory to you to know that your statements to me are now beyond all doubt. What do you say to my proposal? Will you accept it or not?" in a tone which was meant to imply that he did not care if they declined it, for the evidence of Captain Beckett would be quite sufficient for his purpose. "I should be glad enough to accept your offer and get rid of this troublesome job," said Ben, "but you see, Mr. Blackstone, I promised the dying man that I would deliver the pared with my own hands, and I am afraid to break my word." "But how are you going to keep your word if I decline to give the parcel or box up to you, as I cer- tainly shall do?" Ben looked puzzled at that question, and muttered, "I don't know what to say, I cannot do impossibili- ties." "You said you would do it if you could, Ben; at least you told me you said so," suggested Frank. "If you can't do it, you know, you are clear of your promise, and no ghost in the world could grumble at you. That is my honest opinion, anyway." "Just so, that is clear enough," said Mr. Black- stone, encouragingly; and Mr. Sharp remarked, "Nothing can be more common- sense like than the way Mr. Shouter has put it. In my opinion any ghost that expects a man to do an impossibility is simply a fool." After a little more gentle persuasion from Frank, who urged the desirability of his getting learned counsel for nothing, Ben gave a reluctant assent to the proposition. Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Sharp then shook hands with their clients and requested them to come to the office next day and the whole affair should be settled without further delay. CHAPTER XIII. FRANK'S TEMPORARY WEAKNESS, AND BEN'S TIMELY HELP. "This has been a winning cruise for us after all, shipmate," remarked Frank, as he and his companion walked towards their lodgings, after leaving the lawyer's office. "When we were being walked off by the constables an hour or two ago I did not reckon upon our going home again to-night with fifty pounds apiece. My eye! we should have had to pull and haul a long time on board ship to earn that toto, Ben." "It is very convenient to have money, no doubt, Frank, but I don't feel easy in my mind about this job. It has not been managed cleverly." "What on earth could we do that we have not done, boy? If that lawyer and his chief mate have been too knowing for us, it is not our fault. We have done all that we could honestly do in the matter; and my conscience is as easy as a little baby's." "Heigho!" sighed Ben. "I wish I had never set foot on board the Wolf." "Nonsense! boy. Don't say that again. It was a lucky day for you when you did so. You are fifty pounds richer for it, besides your wages, and you had the honour and glory of making my acquaintance into the bargain. Ha! ha! you did not think of that perhaps. Cheer up, shipmate! or we shall both drift into the doldrums. What do you say to a glass of grog? There is a shop open at the corner yonder. Nothing like a drop of raw rum when a fellow is down-hearted; it rouses him up like fat in the galley fire." "You have surely forgotten your promise to me, Frank," said Ben, with a look of surprise at the sudden change in the bearing of his companion. "Forgotten it! Not I, boy! I never forget any- thing that I pledge my word to when my head is clear. If you overhaul your memory you will find that I promised you not to taste grog until we had settled Dumby's business; and I guess we have settled it to-night, and very satisfactory too. As soon as you said 'yes' to the lawyer's offer, I thought to myself now I am free; I have kept my word like a man, and I will have a glass of grog by-and-bye to encourage virtue. I must have it too, Ben, so come and take a tot with me. I'll pay for it." "Frank!" said Ben, stopping and holding his friend's arm firmly, "I would not have you go into Mrs. Blake's house the worse for liquor for twice the money we are going to receive to-morrow. The poor old lady has had trouble enough on our account to- night, and I wish to convince her that we are not thieves or drunken sots. Come home with me Frank! Don't go near the grog shop. You know you will get drunk if you but step inside it." "That is pretty certain, boy; but inside I must go, for the drinking devil has got hold of me just now as tightly as grips to a coal basket. I must have a drop if it blinds me. Let go my arm, shipmate!" "No, I will not let go your arm, Frank. The drinking devil has no power over you unless you yield to him, and I won't let you do that to-night," said Ben, resolutely. "Don't stand looking at that public-house lamp another moment, Frank. Come away with me. Remember how cheerful and well you have been for several weeks past without tasting grog, and pray don't run into certain misery with your eyes open. Be a man again, Frank. Shake off this horrid influence." Frank made one or two ineffectual efforts to free himself from Ben's grasp; then stood for several minutes with his eyes turned towards the ground, and presently he suffered Ben to lead him homeward. "That was a hard struggle Ben; worse than a hand to-hand fight with a slaver," remarked Frank, after he had walked some distance in silence. "It was a short fight but a severe one. I have conquered the foe this time, and I feel heartily glad of it. Thankee for your help Ben, I could no more have done it alone than I could heave up a frigate's best bower anchor with a crab winch. Now, while I am calm, and before the fit comes on me again, I promise on the word of a man, that I will not touch, taste, or smell grog again for-------" "As long as you live," interrupted Ben. "No boy, I cannot promise that; I have not confi- dence enough in myself; but for six months from this blessed hour I will be a teetotaler to the backbone. Here is my hand again, Ben. Now I am safe for a time, and you may trust me; but if you had not gripped hold of me so firmly just now, I should be half-seas over by this time, and perhaps be fighting drunk an hour hence, and then it would have been dangerous for even you to lay a hand on me. O dear! What a powerful influence grog has over a poor mortal who has learned to love it better than he loves his own soul! Happy fellow you, Ben, who never got your young blood tainted with it. Your parents were sober people, I'll be bound, or you would not be so tame as you are." "I don't believe that my poor mother or my grand- mother were ever the. worse for liquor in their life- time." "I thought so, boy; and you may bless your stars for that happy fact. My father, unfortunately, did drink, and my mother—ah well, I won't say aught against her, poor dear! She was a kind, loving, old soul, when she was in right trim, but she had her infirmities, and her son Frank has inherited infirm- ities of the same nature. But we will say no more about it, Ben; I hate the subject. I am on the sober tack now, and you shall see that I won't vary half a point in my course for half a year from this lucky minute." Mrs. Blake was in bed, but she was not asleep, when Ben and Frank knocked at her door. She soon let them in, and kindly offered to light a fire and make them a cup of tea, but they would not allow her to do it. "I told you we should soon be back again, mother, to convince you that we are not rogues and vagabonds," said Frank. "Our story is too long to tell you to-night, but you shall hear all about it to-morrow. Now you go to bed again, ma'am, Good-night! Sorry we have disturbed you." Soon after breakfast next morning Ben and Frank went straightway to the lawyer's office. Mr. Black- stone them cordially, and was evidently in a pleasant mood. After a few minutes' conversation with them both, he asked Frank to step with him into the adjoining room where sat Mr. Sharp, at a table which was nearly covered with photographs, or cartes-de-visite, of men in various garbs, and Frank was asked to pick out Mr. Marshall's likeness from amongst them. Frank glanced at the pictures one by one, from the first to the last, and then confidently said, "He is not among that lot." "Are you quite sure," asked Mr. Blackstone. "As sure as you are that I am standing here, sir." "Will you see if it is amongst this group, Mr. Shouter," said Mr. Sharp, uncovering another table with a similar display of cartes upon it. Frank looked up and down the first and second row, and then selecting the bottom picture in the third row, exclaimed, "This is he, I'll swear to him, if you like! There was more hair about his face when I knew him, still there is no mistaking his head with the scar on it, or his long nose with a slight list to starboard. That is Mr. Marshall, or the man we used to call Dumby, because we never could get him to tell us who or what he was." Frank was then told to step into the front office again, and Ben was submitted to a similar test, and he also selected the same carte. Mr. Blackstone thereupon expressed himself perfectly satisfied. During that afternoon the declaration and other necessary documents were signed by Ben and Frank, before a notary, and then they returned to their lodgings, each with fifty pounds in his pocket, and highly pleased that the business had been completed with less delay than is usually attendant upon transactions with lawyers. After tea that evening Frank gave a full and par- ticular account of the peculiar business which had brought him and his friend to Melbourne, while Mrs. Blake and her daughter sat and listened, with marked interest. In some parts of the story, when Ben's broken limb was alluded to, Annie looked so sympathising that no observer could possibly doubt the tender susceptibility of her nature. "It was a very sad end for the unfortunate man," said Mrs. Blake, with a sigh, when Frank had finished his story about poor Dumby's death and burial at sea. "I wonder if his parents are alive? If so, no doubt they will be deeply grieved when they hear of the fate of their wandering son. Many prodigal sons have ended their days in this land, and their sorrowing parents and friends afar off perhaps remain to this day ignorant of their end. A rather remarkable incident in the history of a wanderer was told me a short time ago by a person in whose word I have confidence. You shall hear it if you like." They all expressed a wish to hear it, so Mrs. Blake thus proceeded: "One morning a few months ago as my neighbour Mrs. Graham was washing outside her back door a man looked over the fence and asked if she could give him a job to chop up firewood. She replied that her husband chopped firewood for her. The man then said he was badly in want of a break- fast, and if she would give him one he would chop wood for an hour. She pitied his sad destitute look, and told him she would give him some tea and bread and butter as soon as the kettle boiled, so the man began to chop wood. After a while Mrs. Graham bade him come into the kitchen, where she had pre- pared a meal for him. There was something in the man's look and the tone of his voice which contrasted strongly with his shabby dress, and betokened that he had seen better days. While he was sipping his tea he was rather communicative, and Mrs. Graham, to her great surprise, learned that he was related to a wealthy family in England, near to the village that she came from. He stated that he had been away from home several years, and that he supposed his family had wholly discarded him, for he had not heard from them since he left home. After he had finished his breakfast he chopped up all the sticks in the yard, and then thanked Mrs. Graham for the timely help she had afforded him, and went away. About a week afterwards he called at her house again, and at that time her husband was at home. The man was dressed in new clothes, and looked quite genteel. It appeared from his statement that, after partaking of the meal which Mrs, Graham kindly gave him, he had walked to the Carlton Gardens, and while sitting on a bench he noticed a piece of an old newspaper lying a short distance off. He picked it up, and on looking over it he was struck by seeing an advertise- ment requesting him, if alive, to call on a certain firm in Melbourne, when he would hear of something to his advantage. He went forthwith to the office of the said firm, and there learnt that, in consequence of the death of a near relative, he had become entitled to property of great value. He said that, after assuring the firm of his identity, they advanced him what money he wanted, and that he had taken his passage for England in the steamship London. Mr. Graham afterwards ascertained that the man's statement was substantially true, and, moreover, that the said firm had offered to advance him £1000 if he wanted it." "If would have been a lucky thing for our own poor shipmate Dumby if he had lived to hear of the for time that is left to him," remarked Frank. "Perhaps so, poor fellow!" said Mrs. Blake. "But if he was an intemperate man, which I suspect was the case, his fortune in all probability would not have benefited him, and it may now fall into the hands of some one who will do good with it. I was told a short time ago of a young man (who was working in a claim at one of the large diggings in this colony) who quite unexpectedly received intelligence that he was left a fortune of £100,000. He at once left his gold- digging pursuit, and began to drink to excess, and to treat anyone on the diggings who would drink at his expense. He soon became partially insane, and went about from one inn to another exhibiting the photograph which had been sent to him of his mansion in Yorkshire. At length he was put under restraint, but it was too late to save his life. He had drunk to such excess that delirium tremens ensued, and he died raving mad only three weeks after receiving the news of his accession to a fortune." "It seems to me that there are lots of lucky chaps out here who suddenly fall into large fortunes," said Frank. "I wonder if it will ever be my turn?" "There are a great many young men in this colony belonging to respectable families at home," remarked Mrs. Blake. "They have been attracted here by the gold-fields, and that is why we hear of so many cases of the sort. A friend of mine who is employed by an auctioneer in Melbourne told me that he has often seen family relics, in the shape of jewellery or rare books, at pawnbrokers' sales of unredeemed pledges, which had evidently been pawned by young men of respectable connexions. I suppose you intend to send that unfortunate man's bible home to his mother, Mr. Bruce!" Ben stammered out a reply in the affirmative. But the question made him feel uneasy again. He meant to have given the bible to Mr. Blackstone to send home with the parcel of manuscript, but had forgotten to do so. Soon afterwards Ben retired to his room lest Mrs. Blake and her daughter should observe the depression which was stealing over him, despite his efforts to rally it away. 