MR. BARHAM'S GHOST-STOHY, Captain and Mis. Hastings were driving into Portsmouth one afternoon,, when a Mr. Hamilton, who had recently been ap pointed to a situation in the dockyard there ifcade a third in their chaise, being nn his Svayto take possession of his post. As the vehicle passed: .the, end of one of the narrow lanes which abound in that town, the latter gentleman^ who had for some' little time been more grave and silent than usual, brokethroughthe reserve:which had drawn a remark from? the lady, and gave tiie following reason for his taciturnity :— It was (said he) the recollection of the lane we have just passed, land of a very singular circumstance which occured to me at a house in it some eighteen years ago, .which occupied my thoughts at the moment «nd which, as we are"old friends, and I ■ know you will not laugh at me, I will re peat to you. . At the period alluded to, I had arrived an the town for the purpose of joining a; ship in which, I was about to .proceed on a mercantile speculation. On inquiry I found that the vessel had not come round from the Downs, but was expected every hour. - The most unpleasant'part of the business was, that two or three king's ships had just been paid-oflin.the harbour ia county election was going on, and the town was ■ -filled with people waiting to occupy berths in an outward-bound fleet which a contrary wind had for some time prevented from sailing. This combination of events, of course, made Portsmouth very full and disagreeable. To me it was par ticularly annoying as I was a stranger in the place, and every respectable, hotel was quite full. After wandering half over the town without success, I at length happened to inquire at a tolerably decent-looking public-house situate in the lane alluded to, where a very civil, though a very cross looking landlady at length made me happy by the intelligence that she would take me in, if I did not mind sleeping in a double bedded room. I certainly did object to a fellow- lodger, and so I told her, but, as I coupled the objection with an offer to pay handsomely for both beds though I should occupy only one of them, our bar gain was settled, and I took possession of my apartment. "When I retired for the night T naturally examined both beds, one of which had a veiy decent counterpane, the other being covered with a patchwork quilt, coarse, but clean enough. The former 1 selected for nay own use, placed my portmanteau by its side, and having, as 1thought, carefully locked the door to keep out intruders, un dressed, jumped beneath the clothes, and fell fast asleep. I had slept, I suppose, an 1 our or more when I was awakeued by a noise in the lane below; but being convinced that it was merely occasioned by the breaking- up of a jolly party, I was turning round tore compose myse.f, when I perceived by the light of the moon, which shone brightly into the room, that the bed opposite was occupied by a man, having the appearance of a sailor. He was only partially un dressed, having his trousers on, and what appeared, as well as I could make it out, to be a Belcher handkerchief^ tied round his head by way of nightcap. TTis position was half-sitting, half-reclining on the out side of the bed, and he seemed to be fast asleep. I was, of course, very angrj that the landlady should have broken her covenant with me and let another person into the j room, and at first felt half- disposed to desire j the intruder to withdraw; but as the man ! was quiet, and I had no particular wish to ! spend the rest of the night in an altercation, i 1 thought it wiser to let things alone until the morning, when I determined to give my worthy hostess a good jobation for her want of faith. After watching him for some time, and seeing thas my chum main tained the same posture, though he could not be aware that I was awake, I reclosed my eyes and once more fell asleep. It was broad daylight when I awoke in the morning, and the sun was shining full in through tha window. My slumbering friend apparently had never moved, for there he was still, half-sitting half lying on the quilt, and I had a fair opportunity of observing his features, which, though of a dark complexion, were not ill-favured, and were set off by a pair of bushy black whis kers that would have done honour to a rabbi. "What surprised me most, however, was that I could now plainly perceive that what I had taken in the moonlight for a red handkerchief on his foreheard was in reality a white one, but quite saturated in parts with a crimson fluid, which trickled down his left cheek, and seemed to have run upon the pillow. At the moment, the question occured to me—how could the stranger have procured admission into the room 1 as I saw but one door, and that I felt pretty confident I bad myself locked on the inside, while I was quite positive my gentleman had not been in the chamber when I retired to bed. I got out and walked to the door, which was in the middle of the room, nearly half way between the two beds j and as [ ap proached. it, one of the curtains interposed for a moment so as to conceal my unknown companion from my view. I found the door, as I supposed it to have been, fastened, with the key in the lock, just as 1 had left jit, and, not a little surprised at the circumstance, I now walked across to | the farther bed to get an explanation from , my comrade, when to my astonishment he 1 was nowhere to be seen J Scarcely an in-j stanl before I had observed1 him stretched in the'.same position which he had all along maintained, and :t was difficult to conceive how he hpd managed to make his exit so instantaneously, without mv having per ceived or heard .him. I, in consequence, commenced a pretty close examination of the wainscot near the head of the bed, having first satisfied myself that he was concealed neither under it nor by the cur tain. .No door nor aperture of any kind] was te beTdiscovered, £nd, as the rawness; , of the morningair hegan by this time toj give me a tolerably strong hint that it was. time to dress, I put on the • rest of myj clothes, not, however, without occasionally: pausing to- muse on; the sailor's extraordi-, nary conduct. / I :was the first person np in the hons^;; ! a slipshod* ambiguons being", however, in; whom werfe united all the -various qualities: 1 and functions of " boots," chambermaid, | ! waiter, and potboy, soon made its appear- j ance, and yawning most terrifically began]] to place & few cinders, etc., in a grate not much cleaner^ than its own face and handsj preparatory to the kindling a fire. From this combination I endeavoured to extract some information respecting my nocturnal visitor bat in vain it kno'wed nothing of . no sailors," and I Was compelled to post- : pone my inquiries till the appearance of the j mistress, who descended in due time. j After greeting her with all the civilty I; could muster—no great amount, by the way - as my anger was in abeyance only, not ex- j tinct—I proceeded to inquire for my bill, telling her . that I; certainly should not take breakfast, nor do anything more " for the good of the house," after her breach of promise respecting the privacy of my sleep ing-ro tim. The good lady met me at once with, a "Marry come up!" a faint flush came over her cheek, her little grey eyes twinkled, and her whole countenance gained in animation what it lost in.placidity. " What did I mean 1 I had bespoke the whole rpoin, and I had bad the whole room, and, though she said it, there was not a more comfortable room in Portsmouth j she might have let the spare bed five times over, and had refused because of my fancy 5 did I. think to i bilft. hev ? and called my self a gentleman, she supposed!" I easily stopped the torrent of an elo quence that would have soon gone, near to overwhelm me, by depositing a guinea (about a.fourth more than her whole de mand) upon the bar, and was glad to relin quish the offensive for the defensive. It was therefore with a most quaker-like mildness of expostulation that I rejoined, that certainly • I had not to complain of my actual inconvenience from the vicinity of my fellow-lodger, but that, having agreed to pay double for the indulgence of my whim, if such she was pleased to call it, I of course expected the conditions to be kept on the other side; but I was now con vinced that it had been violated without her privity, and that some of her people had-doubtless introduced the man into the room, in ignorance probably of our under standing. •' What man ?" retorted she, briskly, but in a much more molified tone than be fore the golden peacemaker had met her sight. " There was nobody in your room, unless you let him in yourself j had you not the key, and did I not hear you lock the door after you ?" That I admitted to be true. " Never theless," added I, taking up my portman teau and half turning to depart, as if I were firing a last stern-chaser at an enemy whom I did not care long to engage, « there certainly was a man—a sailor— in my room last night j though I no more know how he got in or out than I do where he got his broken head, or his unconscion able whiskers." ' My foot was on the threshold as I en d ed, that I might escape the discharge of a reply which I foreboded would not be couched in the politest of terms. But it did not come, and as I threw back a part ing glance at mv fair foe, I could not help being struck with the very different expres sion of her features from that which 1 had anticipated. Her attitude and whole ap pearance were as if the miracle of Pygma lion had been reversed, and a living lady had been suddenly changed into, a statue ; her eyes were fixed, her cheek pale, her mouth half-open, while the fingers, which bad been on the point of closing on the guinea, seemed arrested in the very act. I hesitated, and at length a single word , uttered distinctly but lowly, and as if breathlessly spoken, fell upon my ear; it was " Whiskers!" " Ay, whiskersI replied 5 " I never saw so splendid a pair in my life." " And a broken For pity's sake come back one moment," said the lady, whom I now perceived to be laboring under no common degree of agitation. Of course I complied, marvelling not a! little that a word which, though according to Mr. Shandy, it once excited a powerful commotion in the Court of Navarre, is usually very harmless in our latitudes, should produce so astounding an effect on! the sensorium of a Portsmouth landlady. " Let me entreat you, sir," said my host ess, " to tell me, without d sguise, who and what you saw in your bedroom last night." " No one, madam," was my answer," but the sailor of whose intrusion I before coal plained, and who, I presume, took refuge there from some drunken fray, to sleep off the effects of his liquor, as, though evi dently a good deal knocked about, he did not appear to be very sensible oi his con dition." An earnest request to describe his per son followed, which I did to the best of my recollection, d we.ling particularly on the wounded temple and the remarkable whis kers, which formed, as it were, a perfect fringe to his face. " Then, may the Lord have mercy upon me!" said the lady, in accents of real ter ror and distress," it's all true, and the house is ruined for ever!" So singular a declaration only whetted my already excited curiosity, and the land lady, who now seemed anxious to make a friend of me, soon satisfied my inquires in a few words which left an impression no time will ever efface. After entreating and obtaining a promise of secrecy, she informed me that, on the | third evening previous to my arrival, a party of sailors from one of the vessels which were paying off in the harbour were drinking in her house,.when a quarrel, en sued between them and some marines be longing to another ship. The dispute rose to a great height, and blows were inter changed. The landlady in 'vain en deavoured to interfere, till at length a h<avy blow, struck with the edge of. a pewter pot, lighting upon the temple of a stoat yoiing fellow df five-and-tweiity, who •'was the ;most • ttftfiveotf .(bis side1 bfthe sailors, broughthim to the ground sense less and covered with blood. 1 He never 'spoke again, but, although, his friends im mediately conveyed him upstairs and placed'ii im on the bed, endeavouring to stanch the' Wood, and doing all in their power to save him, he breathed his last in a few minutes. In 'order to hush up a circumstance which could hardly fail, jf known, to bring all patties concerned "into trouble," the old woman admitted that she had consen ted..to the body's being buried in the gar den, where it was interred the same, night by his comrades. . The man having been just discharged, it was calculated that no inquiry after him was , likely to take place. " But then,^ sir," cried the landlady, wringing her, hands, " it's all of no use. Poul deeds will rise, and I shall never dar e to put anybody.into yqur room again, for there it was he was cariied; they took off his jacket and waistcoat, and tied his wound up, with a handkerchief, but they nevercouild stop the bleeding till all was over;.and, as sure as you are standing there a livingi man,: he is come back to trouble us, for if he had been sitting to you for his picture, you could not have painted him more accurately." Startling as this hypothesis of the old woman's was, I could substitute no better, and as the prosecution of the inquiry must have necessarily operated to delay my voy age, and, perhaps, involve me in difficulties, without answering, as far .as I could see, anygood end, I walked quietly, though not quite at my ease, down to the Point j and my ship arriving in .the course of the .after noon, I ..went immediately .on: board, set sail the following morning for the Medi terranean, and though X have been many years in England since, have never again set foot in Portsmouth from that hour to this. . Thus ended Mr.. Hamilton's narrative. The next, day the whole party set out to reconnoitre the present appearaneeof the house, but some difficulty was experienced at first in identifying it, the sign; having been taken down, and the building conver ted into -a greengrocer's shop about five years before. A dissenting chapel had been built on. the site of the garden, but nothing was said by the informant of any skeleton having been found while digging for the foundation, nor did Mr. Hamilton think it advisable to push any inquiries on the subject. The old landlady, he found, had been dead several years, and the pub lic-house had passed into other hands be fore the withdrawal of the license and its subsequent conversion to the present purposes. Such is the tale as reported by Mr. Bar ham. The story, it will be observed, comes to the reader oot only at second bat at fourth hand. Mr. Barham heard it from Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes Mrs. Hastings, and Mrs. Hastings from Mr. Hamilton. Granting that Mr. Hamilton did not invent the tale for the amusement of his fellow travellers, there are several points at which a more thorough investigation might have removed the mystery. Strange adventures and " strange bedfellows" might be expec ted in those old times in Portsmouth, "two or three king's ships just paid off," and a county election going on, to boot; with many broken heads besides that of the sailor buried in the garden, even if his skel eton had been found, and if the other bed had been really occupied that night. Nor are we told what Mr. Hamilton had for supper or after supper. If it was no night mare, we suspect the true solution to be in the invention of 3Lr., Hamilton, especially as Mr. Barham mentions that there was "more of the supernatural about it," as told by Mrs. ELugLes, but which he has omitted.— -Leisure How. 