THE ADVENT OF MINGBURNE. As when Phoenix bright from ashes springs, The asbes of its parent who expired Sclf-sacrificed in a devouring flame So sprang from Wallace fell heroic Bruce; So sprang from freedom's embers Wasliington; And Tousaint coloured like the slave arose To prove at once to Saint Domingo's serfs That the unalienable rights of man God's gift, is due to white and black tho same. False patriots who adore the golden calf Duffys, Mitchells, Mahers we have seen, Arise and flutter in the air, and fall Into oblivion's sea to rise no more ! But the true patriot shall for ever shine A guiding star unto the sons of men. * . . . * On the cold ground exposed Koul Karrib lay, Torn and disfigured by the birds of prey : And ravenous beasts which nightly prowled around, And made night hideous with their dismal cries, When, lo! to the amazement of the whites, From Karrib's side up bloody " Mingburne" sprang, More subtle far than Karrib, and as bold. Crafty, and cruel-treacherous was he- The stern avenger of Koul Karrib's wrongs. " The white men's guns," said he, "are hard to meet, More deadly than our spears, with surer aim, And therefore open combat must be shunn'd. The insidious foe must fall by stratagem - The grass that feeds his flocks must aal be burnt; His shepherds speared or roasted in their huts; And every traveller waylaid and slain. And then his flocks must all be driven hence, Dispersed and lost in the untrodden bush ; And when a favorable time arrives, His home assaulted, and his people slain And he will then retrace his weary steps And curse the day he ever landed here. Thus will. Koul Karrib's ghost be well appeased, And Hotspur's second fight be all revenged." While thus he spoke, in token of applause, His heroes shouted till the welkin rang. * " . * Like spectres npon Rembrandt's canvas shown, Stealthily, with measured steps and slow, Bloody Mingburne and his myrmidons Went forth to open up a dark campaign; And what to the astonished whites befell At some future period I will tell. 