CHRISTMAS PUZZLES. ENIGMA. tar down beneath the salt sea foam, 'Where the coral grows is our silent home. Hey &ay; we're the offspring of pain and disease; But we errow etronsr and fair in those warm bright seas. Though our fat lazy nurses may slumber and yawn, They cherish us closely from dawn to dawn. With their ramparts stout they fence us about, And little we reck of a foe without; For we know, as we're tenderly fostered thus, They will part with their li ves ere they par t with us. But what of our course when we reach the land, Where our slaughtered parents poison the strand? There, secured in ropes like a band of slaves, We are borne away on the rolling waves To distant markets rich in gold, Where by greedy mercliants we're bought and sold, ' Till we find a home where we dwell at our ease, As tenderly cared for as under the seas. Oh, then begins our career of pride! For our fairness we're welcomed on every side; And we heighten the glow in beauty's eyes, While monarchs our virtue will deign to prize. Though our noblest fame belongs to Hope, With History, too, we can proudly cope; And the costliest banquet Earth has seen We once set forth to her fairest Queen. Now take our lettera in a row, And see. the wonders they will show. What makes the trees look fresh and greea; A weapon now but seldom seen; A handsome-looking woollen stuff; A word in Latin meaning rough; The voices of the Albert bells; A well-known seed that flockett sells; An ancient Roman's household gods; What loving fathers do with rods ; Where Townsend shows in all his glory; The landmarks of a nation's story; - The meadows where the cattle grazo; A female name in vulgar phrase; A plural of the verb to be; A common trick of memory; A tool that works with shriek and groan; A word of Arabic well known; A fruit so luscious few can beat it; What you should do before you oat it; A word that ne'er described a sham; What oft goes with the tender lamb; A mimic that provokes much laughter; A French word signifying after; What closes many a friendly letter; What startles many a needy debtor; Five-sixths of Egypt's captive people; What's often seen beneath a steeple; What children young then: fathers call; What sometimes goes before a fall; The murderer of Egypt's Queen; A watery waste of blue and green; A noble title few can gain; How farmers gather in their grain ; Tbe Artful Dodger's chosen mates; What every strict abstainer hates; A wild boar in the Latin tongue; A mountain range by poets sung; What every schoolboy oft must do; What many a schoolboy oft must rue; What dro rming men most highly priza; What the ghost did to Macbeth's eyes; How Macbeth looked on tl2it ocoasion; How looked he on Macduff's invasion; A poor, despised, infirm old King; Two friends that vox us when thoy sing; The price consols will never get to; What lawyers draw before they sot to; Where laughing infants love to lio; All these our letters sis supply. 