A CURIOUS AFFAIR. THIS IOOIIB something Uko a ghost story, although ic in not ono. A fnw days hgo, two householders of East Collingwood called upon sorgennt Konten, at tho look-up, each ca rylng a pookolharidkerohiof Ulled willi ugly lumps ot' bluestone, interspersed with a low iron nula and such missiles. Ono of tho parties excitedly placed tho parcels on tho labln, and informed tho ecrgosn't that ho r.ry.1 hi« corr^nlon woio ratopuyorn, ond then went on to tay ".. ' "wy paid for polico protection, uud sow throw thc rcTr-sn i-ibilily on tho polico of proserviog their lives and, the lires of their finni'ce fi om rampant, murdorouB ltu i ikinti. Both ol thom wont to work at nn nal ly hour of tho morning, and returned nt about 6 in tho ovening. White they wiro away, their'wives and ohildron woro 1 ojitivoly afraid to stir out of tho bout cu. Every now nnd ngoin a groat Btono would " .. fl-,'ri(, jnt0 their yards without auybody being ablo to seo v.hero it oamo from. Tho wifo would bo going out to tho trap, and suddonly gut a blow on tho shottldor, wliioh would kill hor if it was a little higher up. Hardly ono of tho ohildron in oithor houso had escaped from btuisos through thesn stones and thingn, niiil tho wondor wr.s that nob dy oould uta ILu thro nora, lt must bc tho larrilr.hu, with thuir Shanghais. Anyhow, unless something wno 1 dono, there would bo a death soon. Sargeant Kenton, I uiUing up onu uf thu liiuugulur lumpn of stone, observed that it could hardly liavo como out of a uhiinghni, being iiltogoi her too big, unions somo now kind of catapult had boen invontod, liow ovor, ho promised to tell off a constable in plain clothes to willoh tho houses. This was doco, and a con ut ablo lay in umlm»U throughout n, whola .y, but no stones cunio. Ho saw n smull boy shangl.i .cg at a bird a consldorabla way off, and took his naroo, much to tho lilllo fellow's consternation, but did not consider himself instilled in capturing him Tho oonBtahle was net sent after that day, but ono of tho householders oamo up to tho polico oflloc with an astounding picoo of information. Tho otone thiowing lind racommnncod, nnd went on ts mys- teriously ns ovor, until it como suddenly to an ond this way. Ono 'of tho daughtars of his. neighbour carno running into tho T"MIBC, crying out that anothor nlono had como, and almost olruck tho woman livingnoxt door; but only ;a moment or two olapsod when a neighbour rushed ¡a to declaro that ho had seen tho li ttl o girl who was tho bonror of tho information throw tho stono hor soif. îlio truth was than dieoovored. Tho girl, having u grudgo ognimt tho next dcor ohildron, had thrown tho stones, lampa of iron, and other missiles, bestowing a fair alio.ro upon her own mothor'u yard to divuit suspicion. Such a villainous pioco of malioo, and narrlod out so olovorly by a child, ia nut oliun ohronlolod. It ls quito a puzzlo how eho oould havo managed to eeoapo dotcotion for suvornl days ns aha did, bat of couria every ono oharged it ta ' th«to larrikins.' 