MR. BUCHANAN V. THE CLERGY. We have often noticed with regret the waste of talent and influence on the part of Mi. Buchanan. His talent is unques tionable, and no one will doubt that he has plenty of courage. These things ought to give him influence and power, and to make his usefulness in the Legislature second to that of no one there. But he will do foolish things, and say too much. Here is a specimen, which, with many others ever appearing, are depriving him of the place and confidence which he ought otherwise to enjoy "They found that at these temperance meet ings there was a whole array of rev. gentlemen attending, but it seemed to him that the labours of these gentlemen, who were of all denomina tions, were resultless. Mr. Raphael : Hear, hear, j In bydiiGy tucy had tiiflir hcacl."Cjiiaiitici,Sj and they found prostitution, drunkenness, and villainy rampant. If this was the case in the capital what must it be where there was no such army of clergy to deal with the enemy. Would any one deny that the enemy had gained a com plete victory over the rank and file of the clergy ? If their labours bore any result at all it would have been evident in Sydney, but their labours had come to nothing. Here we had them soliciting contributions for converting the heathen in the South Seas, but they might, he thought, endeavour to convert the heathen of our back slums. Mr. Driver : Hear, hear. He would with, Thomas Carlyle, leave the clergy on the other side of the hedge to their fate ; but there were philanthropists in that city who were endeavouring to regenerate their species by doing all that philanthropy could do, and he meant to shake these warmly and cordially by the hand and assist them in their efforts." Now, this was spoken when he was opposing Mr. Wearne's bill, and endeavour ing to prove that the " permissive prin- ciple" is a "fi-ightful invasion of the rights of the people." But could any thing be more absurd, or unnecessary, or insulting ? What had it to do with the matter in hand ? And then, altogether irrespective of its truth, could any thing be meaner than for him to attack, in his sweep ing terms, abody of mengenerallysoworthy in character, and so respectable in position as most of them are, in a place where they had no opportunity to reply ? We do not ask any special protection for the clergy. It is usual to class them with women, as not to be attacked because of their delicate and peculiar position. But we ask for them no such favor. We ask that they be dealt with and spoken of as men, " working men," if Mr. Buchanan will ) and looked at as only working men, is it fair, on the part of a Legislator, is it a Legislator's duty, to go out of his way to attack them behind their buck, and to traduce them in the sweeping terms above / recited! We are astonished at Mr. Buchanan, that he has not more sense and prudence for himself. No doubt Mr. Buchanan got the cheers of Mr. Raphael and of Mr. Driver, in his raid against "the clergy." Pretty sup porters ! Are these the philanthropists of this city with whom he is going to shake hands 1 Are these the regenerators of the species who are doing so much to win the admiration of Mr. Buchanan ? Are these the gentlemen models of all that is good who are to stand with Mr. Buchanan and with Thomas Carlyle, on the one side of the hedge, while the clergy are to be left to their fate on the other side ! Alas ! for the tender services of the new philan thropists ! The clergy are to be left to their fate on the other side of a hedge, but the Jews and the Samaritans even are to pass by them without piety or help ! Let us ask Mr. Buchanan, for whom we have considerable regard, and who is not for talent and resources to be degraded to the level of the Drivers and the Raphaels: Will such/rubbish add to his usefulness as a representative of the people? Will it add to his influence in the house as a debater ? or will it raise him in the respect and confidence of those who rejoice in the revolution and change which have placed him where he is ? Mr. Buchanan ought to reflect that clergymen have a peculiar right to go in "array to temperance meetings." They see more of the misery resulting from drinking and public houses than any other class in the whole community. Lawyers and doctors see it only in extreme cases 3 but clergymen see it every day of their lives ) and of- all the perplexities and harassments which make sad the heai't and heavy the work of the earnest clergy man, none is so painful and distressing as those coming from the public house. They have much reason to blame the public house. They find it a licensed source of wretchedness and misery to the families around them. They find it a strong temptation to the young who are growing up, and who think it manly to do what they see their seniors do. They hear the tales of wives and children which would draw blood almost from a stone. They hear wives and children saying, with tears, that before the public house in the neigh bourhood was opened there was peace in the house 3 but that since it opened, and the billiards, and the cards, and the bai'- maid were added as attractions, the hus band and the father and the brother have been decoyed into drinking, and poverty and ruin are now the obvious result. Yet, when clergymen meet to tell all this, and to desire some means to put it down — the very means which would enable those wives and mothers and children to say whether public houses were wanted in their districts or not — they find the Buchanans and the Raphaels and the Drivers ready to insult them, by telling them that such power in the people would be a " frightful invasion of the liberty of the people /" But Mr. Buchanan thinks that the labours of the clergy are " resultless," be cause " drunkenness, prostitution, and villainy are rampant." But is this a fair inference ? If so, what about the results of the labours of those philanthropists with whom Mr. Buchanan is going to shake hands ? Are these things not ram pant in spite of the labours of those philanthropists also ? But more than this. Is Mr. Buchanan in a position to speak of the results of the labours of the clergy? He says, in a laughable contradiction, " If villany was rampant where the clergy had their head quarters, what must it be where no such array of clergy exists to deal with the enemy." What does he mean? " Gould any one deny," says he, "that the enemy had gained a complete victory over the rank and file of the clergy ?" What then? That there should be no clergy? That the " enemy " would be smaller or weaker if there were no "rank and file?' But may not the same thing be said of " truth ?' If drunkenness, prostitution, and villainy' be rampant, has not the enemy triumphed over truth ? Thisai'gument may be carried much further ) it is the old argument of the infidel against the Gospel itself. We are ashamed to find it in the mouth of Mr. Buchanan merely to point his " Glassite " spleen against the clergy. This part of his speech looks very like a part of the lecture which Mr. Buchanan was about to deliver recently, under pecu liar auspices ) but it is yet postponed. We are still more ashamed to see Mr. Buchanan carried away in his fury against the clergy — all the clergy — into the absurdity of objecting, as one of the infidels of the Pillars stamp, to missionary effort among the heathen in the South Seas, simply because there are heathens in our back slums. But even " Glassites " believed in missionary efforts. Mr. Glass never advocated that the heathen should be neglected until the heathen in the slums of Edinburgh were converted. Mr. Buchanan got the cheer of Mr. Driver for this sage remark ; but let Mr. Buchanan refer to Jesus Christ and His Apostles, and see if his sentiment will get counten ance from them. Did Christ neglect the heathen beyond until the slums of Jeru salem were converted? Did the Apostles wait until Jerusalem was converted before they went "far hence unto the Gen tiles ?" On which side of the fence would Mr. Buchanan be, clergy and all, with Mr. Driver to boot, had the Apostles and Jesus Christ had this' latest wisdom ? We repeat that this is a miserable business, to be exposing such preposterous nonsense. As disposed to be friendly to Mr. Buchanan, we entreat him not to cast away his chance of doing good. He is in the House for some far greater purpose than to insult a class of men who are his natural allies, if he wishes to do good. At any rate, the next time he wishes to -denounce the clergy in the sweeping terms of his last speech, let him choose some other place, and then some of the clergy may be ready to reply to him on the spot. =========================== In Auckland, New Zealand, the Romish Priest has been illustrating the tyranny .and ferocity of his Church. A Mr. Freer, member of the Provincial Council, fell sick, and the Priest attended him in his dying hours. It happened, however, that Mr. Freer was a Freemason. Now as the Pope has over and over again denounced Freemasonry, and has threatened that he would not admit into purgatory or heaven any Freemason, the Priest intimated to the dying man that he would not give him absolution, nor read over his dead body the funeral service of the Church, unless he renounced Freemasonry, and submitted to the absolute authority of the Pope. Mr. Freer at first refused to submit ; he thought that such tyranny should not be tolerated; he maintained that he had a right to be a Freemason or not, without the interference of the Priest or the Pope. But the Priest taught him otherwise. He showed him that it is not the right of a layman to " think." He showed him that the highest duty of a layman is to do whatever the Church commands him. He showed him that the Pope and the Church will not allow their people to have secrets or thoughts or societies contrary to the order of Christ's Vicar. And accordingly the Priest insisted on Mr. Freer that unless he .agreed to renounce his Freemasonry, he must be content to go down to perdition and the devil, for the Church would not absolve him from his sins, nor allow him to be buried in a consecrated grave ! Mr. Freer was not prepared for this alternative. He had not the courage nor the intelli gence of the famous Cavour, who had been similarly threatened on his dying bed. That noble statesman bade the Priest be gone, and take his absolutions and sacra- ments with him ; put the timid and shaken Mr. Freer yielded to the threat, and bowed his neck to the tyranny of the Priest. It is said that he renounced Freemasonry, and obtained the absolution and sacra ments of the Church ; and that, in regular -order he would have been buried in the Romish consecrated ground, only, because the Freemasons claimed to bury their late, brother with Masonic ceremony and honors, the Bishop refused to allow the pollution of the ground ! From this it is pretty clear that the Masons did not believe that Mr. Freer had renounced the principles of their order ; in fact, their conduct is a pub lic imputation of falsehood and deceit on the part of the Priest, for the purpose of saving the glory of the Church. "Be this .as it may, the Presbyterians opened their burial ground, and the deceased Mr. Freer, after Romish absolution and fortification, was interred with Masonic ceremony in heretical ground. We wish our Roman Catholic people in Sydney would consider this interesting scrap of news from the colony of New Zealand. Such tyranny .and mockery are truly lamentable and ludicrous. There are hundreds of Roman Catholics in this colony Freemasons. There is nothing in Freemasonry contrary to morals, although its religious principles are very defective. Yet the Pope has de nounced it. He has classed it with sedi tious and villainous societies, of which the Continent is full. And because of this, the Priests of the Church tell their people that they will permit them to go, nay send them to perdition, by refusing absolu tion and the sacraments of the Church, if they will not renounce their attach ment to Freemasonry ! The doom, then, of Freemasons is certain and awful ! The Church has shut not only heaven, but purgatory from them ! She will not forgive them the sin of Freemasonry. The Church has set Freemasonry on a par with the "sin against the Holy Ghost," which is never forgiven. And even if the poor Masons, under the terror of hell, repent of their Freemasonry, and the Church gives them absolution, she will not give their bodies rest in consecrated ground, if any Masonic ceremony is to be performed at their grave; for Masonic ceremonies will nullify her absolution, con taminate her ground, and disturb the ashes of her saintly dead ! Mr. Joseph Wearne made a good speech when introducing his Permissive Bill. His facts are unquestionably a reply to the cavilling and opposition of some of the members. Mr. Buchanan disputes the principle that in drinking "supply creates the demand ;" he falls back upon the ex perience which obtains in all other things, viz., that " demand creates the supply but it is just in this that he shows his un- acquaintance with the facts in the philo sophy of drunkenness and the liquor traffic. Nothing is more certain than that the public-house breeds drunkenness, and not the reverse. The proof is now beyond doubt, as, for instance, in places in the three kingdoms, where public houses are prohibited, drunkenness, pauperism, and crime are scarcely known ; while, if a public house be opened in any district, crime and drunkenness are speedily in creased in that district with a certainty which denotes the relationship of cause and effect. A baker, for example, need not open a shop in a district unless there be a population to yield demand ; but a publican opening his bar in a district where really there is no demand, will create a demand, even if he should draw his customers from a distance off ; and hence, as may be seen in different places in this city, the publican thrives where any other trade would be siue to fail. No doubt, if there was no demand for drink the publican could not live ; but temptation has much to do with the abounding of drinking, and the facility which is afforded by the numerous public houses for drinking increases the demand ; and this is the very thing which the Per missive Bill is intended to check. The reasoning of Mr. Combes and others about vested interests has nothing to do with the principle ; the interests of the public are supreme ; before these the interests of the publicans must give way ; and therefore it is not the question, whose interest will be affected ? but simply, will the good of the public be promoted ? Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Combes, Mr. Driver, and others are very inconsistent in their arguments. They say that the Permissive Bill is tyranny. Why ? because the minority must give way to the majority ; but if this is tyranny, then all our institutions are based on tyranny. The Permissive Bill is " tyranny.' Why ? because it would enable two-thirds of the inhabitants of a district to say whether or not public houses should be opened in that district ; but as the present law imposes restrictions on the opening of public houses, arid entrusts the business of giving licenses to the magistrate, what tyranny can be implied in giving this power of licensing the two-thirds of those people for whom the public houses are said to be an accommodation ? If it be true, as Mr. Buchanan and others say, that the demand creates the supply, why do they riot allow the Permissive Bill to pass, since the demanclers in any district must be in the majority, as the public houses everywhere flourish ! Take, for example, Bo irke Ward and Macrpiarie Ward. So mriny public houses are in those wards. Well, as the demand creates the supply, the tipplers in those wards must far exceed the number of teetotallers ; but if so, why do Mr. Buchanan and others fear tyranny, and the tyranny of the majority , by the working of the Permissive Bill ? for the Permissive Bill will give those two-third tipplers the undeniable right to have their public houses! Where, then, is the tyranny ? But suppose, on the other hand, that the supply creates the, demand in those districts, and that the public houses in those wads are supported by the minority — a minority of lushingtons, whose brawls, rags, crimes, and wretchedness are a nuisance to the majority — is not the tyranny monstrous that they should be created and supported in districts where they aie not wanted, and where they pro pagate that wretchedness and crime in spite of the majority? Public houses are unquestionably houses of crime and misery in every district in which they are opened ; and is it indeed to be called tyranny that tjje majority of respectable people in any district shall have the right to say, instead of a magistrate, that such and such public houses are not wanted in the district ? The tyranny is monstrous, indeed, that the minority of tipplers shall have a right to inflict upon a majority of the people the annoyance and disgust of public houses and their wretched surroundings and con sequences. Mr. Driver has got the Bill into a select committee for the purpose of burking it. If his object is to be defeated, it will need that evidence be got ready for the committee. He will have his publican friends in abundance. He will do his best to make out his case : if, therefore, the teinperance bodies are sincere in their pro fessed object, they must be a great deal more zealous than they have been, in pre paring petitions and providing witnesses. The Good Shepherd Bazaar has come off at length. We are glad that, notwith standing the zealous efforts of Father Sheridan, and the lying statements of Freeman about the number of Protestant ladies who were to take part in the work by having stalls, it appears that not a single Protestant lady had a stall. The visit of Lady Robinson was a much ado about nothing. Father Sheridan and Father John, however, like great diplo matists and managers of affairs of State, received the lady with great ecldt. They had a band in the hall to play the Na tional Anthem on her arrival. We sup pose that the Fathers and their men took off their hats on that occasion at least, and stood up ; but we know that on some other occasions some of these same men have refused to stand up, or take their hats off when the National Anthem has been played. But of course the whole lot of them were very loyal when Lady Robinson called, because they expected that she would spend some money at every stall, and give an example to others who love to follow in the trail of Viceroyalty. Two things, however, ought to be remarked. The Priests, by advertisements, have done their best to deceive the public as to the true nature of the Good Shepherd Convent. They have called it a "non-sectarian institution." They have said that it is intended " for the reformation of poor frail and fallen women, Avithout respect to creed or country." And they call it a " truly charitable institution." Noav these are three of the most glaring falsehoods Avhich could be put into print. They are intended to deceive, and to catch money from the "liberal" of all denominations. To call the Good Shepherd Convent a " non- secta rian institution " is just as plain a falsehood as to say that St. Mary's Cathedral is non- sectarian. It is owned exclusively by Romanists ; and nothing but the Romish religion is taught 01 tolerated within its walls. Does not all this make the Good Shepherd as truly sectarian as St. Mary's Cathedral ? But it will be said that fallen women of Protestant creeds are admitted into the Good Shepherd. How many ? And if they are, Avill this make the insti tution " non-sectarian ?" Are not Protes tant men and Avomen Avelcome into St. Mary s Cathedral ? But, when Protestant frail and fallen women are admitted into the Good Shepherd, are they allowed to have their oAvn religion, their oAVn clergy men, their oAvn books and other Protestant helps and appliances ? Certainly not. Sisters only, adorned Avith " Cathoiic fur- niture," Avait upon them ; those Sisters teach them ; and to the regime and direc tion of those Sisters they must submit 01 walk out of the institution. Yet, forsooth, it is not " sectarian !" The. Priests Avho say so are rank impostors for the sake of money. Then, it is said that the Good Shepherd is intended for " poor frail and fallen women." This, too, is obviously as false as false can be. It is intended for so-called holy and religious Avomen. It is for the purpose of developing a class of female agents for the service of the Church, who are to live in celibacy, Avho are to " Avork out their salvation," Avho are to gain higher honor in heaven ; Avhose home and field the Good Shepherd is to be ; but the fallen Avomen are merely subsidiary the materials on Avliich the holy sisters are to Avork for the gaining of their " perfec tion. This is the true state of the case. The Sisters are first, the fallen women are second. The religious community is pri mary ; the fallen Avomen are the mere pretence; for if there were no fallen Avomen asking to be admitted Avithin its Avails, the purpose of the institution, and the need of the institution, would still be the same. Let Protestant helpers therefore notice this, that in giving .money to such bazaars or institutions, they are not helping " fallen women," but helping Priests and Sisters to propagate their villainous slanders against married women and matrimony, in faA'or of their celibacy and Popery. Is this, then, a "truly charitable institution!" Yes, as all Romish institutions are truly charit able ! They are one and all based on falsehood and intolerance ; but Priests and Sisters speak wondrously smooth things about them when they Avant Protestant money. But is it " true charity " to give Priests and Sisters money to help them to maintain their Popery, which is a vile cor ruption of Scriptural religion a curse to every nation where it has ever been estab lished ? But the second thing to be noticed is, that while the Priests have been doing their bost to delude Protestants to go to their Bazaar, for the sake of the money, they have been squeezing their own people to give money to the Church for the Holy Sisters. We have been informed that the Priests of St. Francis, Father Sheridan conspicuously, have forced the numerous servant girls round about the neighbour- hood, to give at least one pound each to pay off the debt. Last Sunday many of them paid ten shillings, equal to one Aveek's wage, and the Priest has their names for the other ten shillings to be paid on Sunday next. This is Sunday work — Mass, money and more. Of course it is useless for the giils to refuse. They cannot refuse. They grumble to their mistresses, and they say that the Priest is always asking money : but they dare not refuse, for Has not the Priest the keys of purgatory and heaven ? has he not the power to forgive their sins ? And Avill they risk for a few shillings — a little of the dust of this world — absolution and salvation ? It is marvellous that the " silly Avomen " and the still more infatu ated men Avho follow the Priest Avill not see that they are loved for their fleece, and that they are made merchandise of ! Mr. Freeman has been very Avrath with Mr. Joseph Paxton, because, as Chairman of No. 1 Loyal Orange Lodge soiree, last Aveek, he expressed his vieAv that the Orangemen Avere much misrepresented, and added the hope that the young ladies at the meeting Avould favour the' cause by accepting Orangemen as their sweethearts, or ask their lovers 01 husbands to join the institution. All this avus very dreadful to Freeman. But Avhy so 1 Does not Dr. Polding object to mixed marriages ? Does not the Church refuse to bless them, with a full blessing ? Then, as Dr. Polding asks that the Green ladies should stick to Green suitors or husbands, was not Mr. Paxton helping the cause by asking the Protestant girls to select the color Avhich will not mix well ? But the truth is, Freeman cannot be civil Avhen the Avord " Orange " comes across him. . He loses his reason at the very sound of the name. If he eats an orange it gives him the colic. If he goes to Orange he comes back ill. And an Orange tea meeting so seriously disturbs him that he needs a sedative after it ! This - is the secret of his ill-natured allusion to Mr. Paxton. The truth is, Mr. Paxton's remark that the Orangemen are much mis represented in the community was a bloAv at the trade of our Sydney Freeman Avhich did it damage. Freeman has lived upon slander. He has painted the Orangemen black, and stuck on tails and horns, and made their appearance odious. He has been believed to a large extent, and for a aery long time ; but it is too late now to repeat the done-up stories. Many Roman ists are getting light. They are finding out that Orangemen are their Lest friends. They are learning that Orangemen aro not " bloody monsters," but earnest contenders against priestcraft and tyranny ; and of course this is death to the trade of Freeman. Therefore he howls ; but his howling is harmless. When Orangemen live up to their principles and are better known, and Avhen the Orange ladies take -up the cause, the Roman Catholic people will see through the interested cryings of Freeman. Mr. Paxton is himself a very good guarantee that the cause is spreading, and that it deserves the confidence and support of all earnest Protestants. If there are any men who deserve well of New South Wales for good character and liberality, Mr. Paxton is one — and he is an Orangeman. The case of the so-called Dr. Bailey, Bishop of the Free Church of England, is noAV disposed of as Ave thought it Avould be. From the, first we held that such nondes cripts, Avhose pretenceof having a "church," and holding regular service, was only for the purpose of setting up marriage shops, ought to be refused registration. The ground which is iioav taken, and has been found to be sufficient to send the Bishop into his proper obscurity, existed before, and ought to have been relied on before. Much evil would haAre been avoided had this been done. The six months imprison ment would have been ;ivoided had this been done ; and many a poor creature who is uoav in wretchedness and misery for life Avould be free from a tie which is now mere bondage. But at length the right thing has been done. The scandal of a a " marrying shop" is now at last removed, and adventurers will now require to go elsewhere. The Doctor has shown as much zeal and perseverance as will carry him on to California, New Caledonia, or Fiji. He did not care where his cathedral was, in the Scandina vian Hall or in the Starr- Bowkett Society's room, so long as the " marrying shop " was in the old quarters, Burton-street. Accordingly, the old quar ters were secured, like a public house wait ing for the license ; but the license having been refused, the business won't begin. The tercentenary of the death of John Knox, the famous Scottish Reformer, was noticed in several of the Sydney churches last Sunday. Three hundred years ago that man ' ' who never feared the face man," nor the face of queen, fell on sleep. Scotland owes everything to him as > her spiritual Father. England, too, owes liiin a debt of gratitude, for his work extended even to that land ; mid there he might have settled as a dignitary of the Church of England had he not been devoted to Scotland, and preferred the more simple polity of Presbytery. No patriot loved his own people more than ' John Knox did ; and he left an impress on the institutions and charac ter of his country which will never be effaced. Since the times of Knox great changes have occurred ; and the liberties for which he fought have been amply enjoyed. But a reaction has set in. A policy of temporizing and compromis ing has beoome fashionable. Because Knox was thought to be harsh, unfeeling, because he used to make the beautiful queen greet, the policy now is, to be awfully charitable and loving. The pulpits which used to ring out the certain truth of ProtestanE consistency have now a softer ring of accommodation and charity. If men now preach directly against Popery ; if they now discuss the points of difference, they are accused by ninny who talk very glibly about Knox of intolerance. In fact, by many so-called Protes tants' Knox.is thought to have been too stiff' and stubborn. If he were living at the present day he would be regarded by many Protestants as a firebrand. Making ample allowance for the forms, of expression of his times, he would be de nounced by the "charitable" amongst us as in tolerant and bigoted, unfit for living amongst a "mixed people." There is one gentleman in Sydney, who is a great Protestant in his way, who would cast John Knox over the Heads were he now living. How many call themselves the children of .the Prophets, and yet do nothing but garnish their graves ! How many laucl the Reformer Knox, .and yet would as soon venture to fly through the air as to join in the work which the Reformer did, with all the improve ments of style of this nineteenth century. Next week Sydney " expects every man to do his duty " at the polling booth. The citizens have been well served by those old servants who are seeking re- election. O'Connor, the papist, who has gone from Sydney to Mudgee, is to oppose Mr. S. S. Goold ! And Mr. Camb, the publican,' is to oppose the Mayor ! While two or three adventurers are to oppose Mr. Woods ! These are the most glaring instances of an at- tempt to make a change for the sake of a change, and change for the worse, yfe hope there will be no mistake ; and that the old trick of dividing the interest will be avoided! In no ease is ' the Opposition worthy of a second thought. The candidates who ought to succeed are obvious. We shall be glad. to see Mr. Rowe as a new man. The following are the nomina tions for the Municipal Elections : — Gipps Ward — Messrs.. Charlton, Hart and Merriman ; Bourke Ward— Messrs. Raphael and Rowe ; Brisbane Ward — Mr. PMiiier, unopposed ; Mac- quarie, Ward — Messrs. Chapman and Camb. Cook Ward — Messrs. Steel, Smart and Roseby \ Fitzroy Ward — Mr. Oatley, unopposed ; . Phillip "Ward— Messrs. Goold and O'Connor ; Denison Ward— -Andrews Samuel, Carrugatti, Fowler, Smart J. W., Woods. Punch Stave: Papers. — We have had the pleasure of reading a portion of this " Collection of -Tales,-- Sketches, &c.;, in Prose and Verse," written by various literary men living 'and labouring amongst us. We sincerely sympathise with them. in the disabilities under which lite rary men pursue their, career in a community of readers so few that scarcely any work of a single writer will remunerate, and in circumstances which force their pens to contribute anony mously to the columns of newspapers, at a dis advantage competing with reprints of taking authors in a distant land. This series of essays, each of which is associated with its author, and each author living amongst us — the whole hand somely got up, - and each writing good of itskiud, we welcome most warmly, and wish that a large and intelligent auditory may so effectually applaud as to encourage further efforts with still happier results. Considering that the object was to associate the literary man with his work, and not liis work with the columns of a news paper, we cannot but think that it was a pity to de-catholicise tlie publication by identifying it with Punch , and by limiting the writers to those -of '' Punch's staff." Had Punch, attained such a position in our little literary world, as to be facile princeps in taste ami culture, or even in good writing — still lie could not be supposed so Ao have absorbed all the literary talent of the country. But the manifest (although unintended) result of the title chosen will be that this collec tion will inevitably be taken as much as a pros pectus of Sydney Punch as a bundle of indepen dent essays. This would be a mistake which might injure the sale, but could not survive a perusal of the work. Wo will not say that the authors have given us much which will emblazon their fame to remote generations ; but we can say with perfect propriety, that they have given sufficient to show that there is genius, humor, and poetry amongst us, and that of no mean order. We may fairly ask, then, if the name be not a pretence, why is it that a publication boasting of such a "staff" comes out week after week, and has come out for years, so eminently deficient m all the good qualities which adorn the essays 1 Punch's staff should produce Punch. If they hove been doing so, and if tlie3e he really the "staff," they have learned effectually, like the Dervish, to blow hot and cold in the same breath. We rather suspect that, like many other producers, tlieir names have been promis cuously used to glorify inferior wares. Certainly it is difficult to believe that men who could do what is here done, would be able, even if willing, to wiite down to the level of the inferior prose and rhyme for which they are made responsible as " Punch's staff." Punch, in short, being always so inane, and tlicse so spirited — Can the same authors have produced both ? We trow not. We cannot dwell 011 the details of the sketches. For a lively description of one rather painfully common and characteristic phase of colonial fund-raising and concert-giving life, true to verisimilitude aud racy of the bush, we com mend our readers to "The Budgeree School Concert." It is excellent and true through out, and we perfectly agree with our author when, geogruphizing Budgeree, he says, "Any Australian, I take it, knows where Budgeree is. A pastoral township — in the vast intayrior — within the radius of half-a- mile, a public house, a store, a black smith's shop, and a dozen bark huts, — and a rude schoolroom." Just read it, aud see if you do not recognize every one of the persons, places, and tilings. "Billy's Passenger " is lively and sensational, and could have borne, without undue spinning of the yarn, to have included more about Western Australia. "Gave Canem." is merely the story of a practical joke, and " Going Down in the World " an equally unadorned stoiy of visiting a gold mine. Neiteer has any preten sions to be called literary, although written witn ordinary propriety: We cannot agree with the author of " The Day of Small Things " that any such difference exists between the northern and southern hemispheres as will account for a want of home influence in the latter possessed by the former. We believe the Englishman works as long, eats as late, aud leaves as much of home influence to the wife as the Australian. Neither can we see how the long northern summer twilight and the long northern winter evenings give opportunities for domestic reunions not attainable in the quiet transition from day to niglit in the south. It seems to us tlie same opportunity of reunion remains to both unaffected by the light. Our medium, is if any thing, better than northern extremes. It is enough to say of "Hans Yon Sloggenboclis " that is a ghost story: We have not read any further yet ; iuid we wish to have more leisure to notice the poetry, .some of which is of a high order. We shall return to the subject. The. Last Religious Craze.— Every fresh excitement in the political world brings its new prophet and its new .religious theory, upon which people go mad for a while. In the war with. Russia "the coming struggle " set multi tudes wild on the certainty th.a,t Nicholas of Russia was the beast, the Antichrist, the little horn, the man of dark councils, that -wicked one, the man of sin, and what not '! After his death, Mr. Baxter set as many on fire about. Napoleon III., who was to do all that Nicholas failed to perforin. The convulsion in Europe, and the victories of Germany, could not he ex pected to pass without a new frenzy. It has, therefore, been " proved," to certain persons' satisfaction, : that the Anglo-Saxon race is 110 more nor less than .tlie lost ten tribes of Israel. Then deductions from this fact are rapid and startling— 1. The Queen is lineaily descended from the house of David. 2. The Monarchy is irremovable. 3. England cannot become- a Republic. 4. Is not in need of a standing army. 5. Can never, under any circumstances, be defeated. These latter conclusions seem to be chiefly based on the. passage, Isaiah liv. 17 — "No. weapon that is formed against them shall prosper." But the vision which Isaiah saw was concerning J udah and Jerusalem ; not about the ten tribes of Israel, much less about England. This kind of thing arms infidelity with ready weapons against -Christianity. The Ettricic Shepherd's Daughter on the SnoRTER CAtechism. — The Daily Revieio pub lishes a letter signed "Jessie P. Hogg," and dated "Linlithgow, 13th August, 1S72, which contains the following eulogy of the Shorter Catechism: — "The Shorter Catechism is a heritage that every Scotch child has a right to, and every parent or guardian who prevents a child learning it deprives that child of what might help it to keep a right course through life and to attain a blessed eternity, though the acquiring of it does not ensure either. Much is said in our day about learning it by 'rote. The great tiling is to get it into the child's head. Every one shoiild begin to learn it about six to eight years' of age, and repeat , it over and over, week after week, and year after year, till every question aud answer is learned so as not likely 'ever to be forgotten, and the learner will under stand it when he or she understands other books. The explanation that many parents might he able to give would not make the meaning clearer to the child. The Shorter Catechism contains ' only Bible truths, and the brevity, clearness, and compactness of its statements render such a manual most useful in learning the doctrines of Scripture, as it gives no undue prominence to one to the depreciation of others, which people are very apt to do without such an aid. Would England only have her children taught it, it might prove a safeguard to them, fori can we but believe that the reason so mauy have left the National Church of England is the want of proper instruction or grounding in the vital and chief doctrines of tli e Bible ? Vain indeed would it be for one of the weaker portion of humanity to say a word iu favour of this truly-precious manual, though it has been thought good for the people of Scotland for more than two hundred years, were it not that the Omnipotent God often makes use of weak instruments to achieve his cause." The Canadian Priest and the French Testament. — The Rev. 0. Fortin, a Freneh Canadian clergyman of our . Church, from Montreal, connected with the Colonial and Continental Church Society, is now in this country, and 011 Sunday he preached for the society at St. Luke's, West Holloway. Describ ing , especially the work among the French Canadians, he narrated an anecdote- He gave a young man a French Testament of De Sacy's version (stamped, therefore, with the approval of the Archbishop of Paris and other Roman Catholic prelates). The young man received it joyfully. A few days afterwards, in the young man's absence, the priest called at his home, and, seeing the book on the table, asked what and whence it was. The mother answered that "it had been given to her son by the Protestant minister." The priest declared he must not have it ; and took it away. Soon afterwards, the priest, holding it up in the pulpit, and in the face of the congregation, tore it into shreds, which he threw on the floor of the church, exclaiming, "This is the accursed book by which you will lose your souls !" This hap pened not at Montreal, but in one of the country parishes. Mr. Fortin described tbe present state of the French Canadians as exhibiting signs of tlie same hopeful revival which we are witnessing in Spain and Italy. — The Record. Prosecution of Effigy-Burners at Derry- lin. — Archibald Collum, Esq., Sessional Crown Prosecutor for Fermanagh, attended at Derrylin Petty Sessions, on Wednesday, to prosecute a number of p.ersons charged by the police of that station with having been part of an unlawful assembly, calculated to cause terror and alarm to her Majesty's peaceable subjects in that dis trict, and for attempting to burn an effigy of Judge Keogli at said place. The Bench re turned informations against all tlio parties sum moned to next Assizes— fifteen in number — who were proved to have been present, and aided and assisted at the burning. They were admitted to hail, each in £20, and two securities of £10 each. Mr. Gladstone's son, Stephen, will, it is said, get the rich living of Hawarden, vacant by the death of Canon Glynne. A Gloomy Forecast. — A French journalist, M. Odyse Barot, announces in the Bicn Public that a vast social crisis is at hand in Great Britain ; that the landed aristocracy is about to be swept away ; that agricultural labourers of forty-four counties are on strike ; and that Mr. Arch is at the head of an army of 150,000 men. M. Barot also states tliat there is a tacit under standing in tlie British Press to conceal these facts from the knowledge of the public. 