TOWN TALK. Our Melbourne contemporaries have got into a bit of a fog with regard to the report of the Diptheria Commission. They all make different statements with regard to i.", and none of them are correct. The facts are these : the report, which was drawn up by Dr. Reid and Dr. M'Crae, was ready on Wednesday last, when Dr Lloyd objected to it on some grounds, but subsequently abandoned his opposition. He objected to the diagnosis, the advocacy of emetics, and the use of the names of certain medical men which were given as the authority for various statements. Dr. Gunst agreed with him in this last respect, but subse quently yielded on the point. Subse quently .Dr Xjloyd reiterated his former objections. On Friday the report was signed by Dra M'Crae and Held, and sent to Dr Lloyd for his signature, when he refused to Sign, and refused to give up the document, saying he should keep it as long as he liked. It was then proposed that another copy should be signed by those who agreed with the report, and be sent to Mr Francis, but it was thought better to give Dr Lloyd a little time. Subsequently he returned the original report un signed, ? and accompanied by a protest touching the matters in which he ob jected. A copy signed by those who agreed with the report was then forwarded to the Chief Secretary, with an intimation of ail the circumstances, together with the fact that the protest could be produced when ever required. It is understood that Dr. Lloyd has shown a querulous, carping spirit during the whole enquiry, and that but for the firm resistance of the other members of the Commission, harsh steps would have been taken with coma modical ^mcn who objected to attend and give their evidence. So well, however, did the majority of the Commission work together, that on no occasion were they compelled to come to a vote. On Tuesday, Mr Levien, M.L.A., re ceived a letter from the Public Works de partment, informing him that a sum of money would be placed on the Estimates for extending the pier at Queenscliffe; also, that a shelter shed would be erected at the Portarlington jetty without delay. These improvements have long been desired. £200 has also been put on the supplementary estimates for the further extension of the jetty at Drysdale. At the meeting of Presbytery held yes . terday a letter was read from the Bishop of Melbourne, asking for the use of the Presbyterian schoolhouse at Duneed for the Rev. Mr Hutchinson. As it was stated there was a Church of England schoolhouse within a mile and a quarter of the schoolhouse the use of which was re quested, and that no fewer than four divine services were conducted within two or three miles of the place, it was thought that the Bishop could not have been made aware of all the circumstances of the case. A committee consisting of the Revs. M'K. Fraser and Brownlie was therefore ap pointed to lay all the facts before His Lordship. Very large stocks of sugar-beet are now to be seen on the farms owned by Messrs Anderson, Piper, and Honey, on the Barrabool Hills. These gentlemen, and doubtless many others, will be glad to learn that Mr W. Stirling is making ar rangements to commence the manufacture of sugar from beet as speedily as possible. An accident occurred in Ashby yesterday (Tuesday) to an elderly man named Bird. He was driving sheep, when the horse that he rode becoming unmanageable, threw him to the ground. Ou being taken to the hospital it waa found that his collar bone was dislocated. As anticipated, a number of entries for the Greelong Winter Steeplechase meeting, bearing Monday's postmark, were received on Tuesday morning. A list of these will be found in another eolum, and the stew ards are to be congratulated upon the liberal bill of fare they will now be able to place before the public. We have been requested by the secretary to state that Mr Harding's Hector is to be sold for £10, not £30, as stated yesterday, and that Mr Tozer's mare is named Lennet, not Glennet. A carpenter, named Webster, residing in Coronation street, Ashby, met with "an accident on Monday evening. He was returning home, but passing 'the Sir Wil liam Wallace Hotel, owing to the uneven condition of the path, he tripped and fell heavily to the'ground. Yesterday (Tues day) he was admitted at the hospital, when it appeared that one of his shoulders was dislocated. The injury was reduced, and he left the institution again. Mr W. J. Thomas delivered one of his interesting lectures on astronomy to the scholars attending the Saffron-street Wes leyan School on Monday evening. He made his subject comprehensive and attrac tive by the assistance of a magic lantern, and also exhibited some beautiful chromo tropea. It is almost needless to add that the young people were highly delighted, and that they testified their appreciation by awarding the lecturer a cordial vote of thanks. Ono of the members of the town cor poration was treated to an unusually annoying and cool display of juvenile impertinence while driving into town to attend the meeting of the council on Mon day night. Passing along Aberdeen street his progress was suddenly intercepted by a youth, who, stepping up in front of his ' horse, requested him to stop. The horse I was pulled up, and the councillor turned his i|AUeqti9D t? the jadiYidual py yrhm he lad been accosted, when the latter jeer ugly exclaimed, " That'll do! You can be sff now! Hook it at once!" Incensed at mch meaningless conduct, the municipal iignitarv jumped from his vehicle, but too late to punish the offender, who disappeared in the darkness. So far as the Geelong Presbytery is con cerned, the unfortunate misunderstanding that has existed between the Rev. Mr Giles and his former parishioners at Winchelsea, is settled. As will be seen by the report of ths meeting of Presbytery held yester day (Tuesday), it was decided not to take any further action in the matter. Intending candidates for the office of councillor in the Barrabool or Bellarine Shires will be able to learn the official ar rangements that hare been made for the elections on referring to our shire notices. A lecture is to be delivered by the Rev. C.1. Cameron, this evening, in connection with the Chilwell Wesleyan Mutual Im provement Association, in the Noble-street church. The rev. gentleman has chosen for his subject " Characteristics of the Night, and Indications of the Coming Dawn." An adjourned special general meeting of shareholders in the Western Sen Bathing Company i3 to be held on the 30th inst. It is stated that never have any elections in the Shire of "Winchelsea created such excitement as the contests that are now going on for the representation of the Cape Otway Riding in the local council. The candidates are Mr Muir, and Mr Prime, of Birregurra, who are respectively opposed by Mr Hayes and Mr D. M'Crae. The cause of the unusual excitement is the desire of the people of Birregurra that their district, which has rapidly been growing in importance, should be formed into a separate shire, as they main tain they have not received justice at the hands of either the Winchelsea orColac Shire Councils. On the other hand it is urged by the opponents of separation that they have had more than their share of the expenditure. Messrs Prime and Muir advocate separation, Messrs Hayes and M'Crae denounce it. Both parties are well supported, and those best qualified to judge state that more votes will be polled than ever was the case before. Messrs Murrell and Stirling also retire from the couucil by effluxion of time; both offer themselves foi re-election, and at present no signs of anj opposition to their return have made them Kplvpq vi Si' hi P. A call has been received from tne Juay lesford Presbyterian congregation by the Rev. Mr Cameron, of St. Andrew's Church. It is to be taken into considera tion at the next meeting of the Presbytery. It will perhaps be remembered that in the month of May a man named Devereux alias Davies, was sentenced to four months imprisonment for stealing sheepskins from Mr Hopkins' station, at Wormbete. At the time those who knew him to be an old offender thought that he was fortunate in gettiJg off with such a lenient punishment, but. contrary to custom his previous offences were not made fully known to his judges. When Sergeant Toohey came back from New South Wales he met Devereux (who he knew jhad been sen . tenced in 1856 to 12 years imprisonment for horsestealing, and in 1863 to three years for highway robbery), in the yard at the barracks, and at once claimed acquain tance. "Subsequently he discovered that the prisoner, when arrested, had a horse and cart in his possession, and his suspicions were so aroused that he at once tried to find out how the property had been come by. The result of his enquiries is that Devereux will shortly be taken out of prison, under a writ of habeas corpus, charged with having on the 13th April stolen a horse and cart from a poor man named Creelman, a shoemaker, residing at Lear month. What made the matter worse was, that the thief left open the door of the stable, in which were stored some potatoes, and Creelman's cow getting in, eat them, and killed herself by her gluttjny. Sympathising with him for his loss, Creelman's neighbours, knowing him to be very poor, raised a subscription to recoup him for his cow, his potatoes, and what have been so fortunately recovered for him by Sergeant Toohey, his horse, cart, and harness. It is said that Devereux is not at all pleased at resuming the ac quaintance of the sergeant, who thus de prived him of the means of driving about, -walking he particularly objects to-after he has served the State for his allotted time. The proposal to close Johnstone Park on a Sunday was much discussed in town yesterday, and it is probable a numerously signed petition will be presented against the adoption of the report of the public works committee. As will be seen by advertisement, the Geelong Canary, Pigeon, and Poultry Society intend holding their first annual show on the 9th and 10th of August. Members of the Barwon Rowing Club are reminded of the meeting which is to take place at Ma^'s Hotel this evening. A strange tale of profligacy and its con sequences was related to tbe bench at the Police Court yesterday (Tuesday). Three little girls, aged nine, six, aud four years respectively, appeared in custody of Senior Constable Flahive, charged with being neg lected children. Between. 9 and 10 o'clock on the night of Thursday last the constable found them wandering in the streets of Steiglitz. Ho took them to the residence of their mother, a wretched miamia con structed of' boughs and branches. On reaching this hovel he found this woman, whose name is Evans, together with her paramour, an " old hand" named Philips, stretched on the ground, and stupidly drunk. The children were left there for the night, but it appears that shortly after the constable went away the male inebriate recovered sufficient consciousness to be able to drive them out again from the miserable shelter that the place provided. Next morning they were found beneath a bridge in the vicinity where they bad spent the night, hungry, barefooted, bareheaded, and shivering from cold. The children, who it was ascertained had been accustomed to the most cruel privations, were taken in custody. Phillips was arrested for being drunk and dis orderly, and their unnatural mother being charged with vagrancy, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment by the Steiglitz bench. It was Btated in court that the , family was illegitimate, and that their 1 father, named John Collins, was a double deserter, having deserted from the 99th Regiment, which was stationed in Mel bourne at the time of the Ballarat riots, and subsequently having lived with the woman Evans at Steiglitz, disappeared from that boWugh a few ypqir? ago, leaving a helpless family behind him- Collins, it appears, was on night duty guarding tlje powder magazine at Batman's Hill, when he absconded from his regiment, and the nezt that was heard of him was some years afterwards, when he was brought before the Geelon<r bench, and sentenced for stealing fowls. The children were sent- to' the Industrial Schools, the eldest for five, and the other two for terms of seven years. The usual volunteer parades will be held this evening. Some six weeks ago some rev. gentleman wrote to the Town Council, asking that, for the benefit of owners of cattle grazing on the common, the herdsman or some other person should be employed £9 drive the cattle to and fro, the owners to pay. I him, sa.y one shilling per week for so doing. No action, so far as has been ascertained, has been taken upon this letter. If the suggestion is adopted, it will go far towards putting an end to the straying of cattle about me streets of the town. The artful swindler, Jones, whose de predations have already been alluded to, was, after a close pursuit on the part of the police, captured at the Geelong rail way station on Monday night by Constable Conlon. Jones, who is a well fed, well dressed, full grown hobble-de-hoy, appears to have manifested an insatiable affection for biscuits, butter, sardines, and pastry. He was in the habit of visiting grocers' shops in the suburbs ordering biscuits, sardines, &c.;, and then while the store keeper's back was turned procuring some salt or rice that he called for, suddenly de camping with his favor jte delicacies. After bolting out of town with a basket belong ing t« a Ysodor pwtry, CoastoW? Ion started in pursuit of the depredator1 and traced him as far as Batesford on Saturday night. Sergeauts .Toohey and M'Sweeney continued the pursuit on Sun day, but it seems he had taken to the bush, and that evening passed the night beneath the fridge at the Viaduct. By a strange infatuation, thinking to elude his pursuers, Jones returned to Geelong on Monday, retaining the basket and some of the fruits of his pilfering in his possession, and was caught as described. He was brought be fore the bench yesterday (Tuesday) charged with three different offences, but as it was stated that a number of other petty lar cenies would probably be developed in con nection with the prisoner's adventures, he was remanded till Friday. Those who have watched the movements of the many wood-carters, who in all kinds of weather, and often at all hours of the day and night, may be observed wandering listlessly about the public streets searching in vain for customers, or standing for hours in the market among mud and filth, must be fully impresned with the occa sional hardships to which they, as a class, are necessarily exposed in the pursuance of their calling. In the way described, much time that they could usefully employ is spent in absolute idleness, and their unfortunate horses are kept starving in the mire for hours at a stretch. The hardship presses equally on the caiter and his dumb brute, whose condition, if possible, ought certainly to be ameliorated. This anomalous state of affairs is due to the fact that no system has ever been introduced for regulating the price of firewood. Each carter makes the best of his load, selling it for the highest price he is able to realise according to the demand and the ability or disposition of his customer. Many con sumers only make their purchases late at night, when they know that the carters whose loads are still unsold, will barter their fuel at a sacrifice sooner than be detained all night. A simple remedy for the evil has been suggested, namely, that it should be rendered imperative in"all'cases to weigh tKe timber brought to market. Recently, in a few instances, the lessee of the hay market has weighed several loads of fuel, charging only a nominal amount for his trouble, and it is believed that if this method of disposing of this very necessary commodity at a fixed price were adopted, the reform would be a9 advantageous and satisfactory to the seller as to the pur chaser. Added to tlus there ought to be an agent, a man to sell the wood, and a place where unsold load9 could be stacked. There was again a very numerous at tendance at the Mechanics' Institute, last evening, to witness the display of natural magic by Madame Cora de Lamond. Her feats, most of which have already been sufficiently described, were performed with a dexterity that was highly creditable. There was no clumsiness, everything was done cleverly, and the entertainment throughout could only be designated an entire success. The beautiful transforma tions with the protean sheet, the card tricks, the silver rings, and the magic flowers, were all capital deceptions, presented in a most attractive form. Following the exposition of legerdemain came the distribution of gifts, and. this part of the entertainment was evidently to many the most enjoyable. A large number of prizes, consisting of a silver plated tea service, cruet stands, lamps, vases, and valuable articles in the shape of glass and crockery ware, as well as tea, flour, and general groceries were given away, to the satisfaction of the numerous recipients. The marvellous balancing feats, in which Madlle. Christina performs the leading part, concluded the entertainment. It was announced that this evening some extra valuable prizes would be distributed among the audience. Ia this, from the Telegraph, to be attri buted to the absence of big gooseberries, and that sort of thing:-"A lay reader of the Church of England, in' a district just outside Melbourne, astonished his parishioners last week by hoisting a flag at his house and displaying a leg of mutton and a loaf of bread on his gate posts. It seems that the rev. gentleman is hard pressed for money, his parishioners owing hiin £150, and butcher and baker are pressing him." We are indebted to the Argus for the following:-It has been very generally rumoured that, in view of the early expiry of Yiscount Canterbury's period of service as Governor of Victoria, His Excellency had applied to the Colonial Office for an extension of his governorship for two years. We are able to state, on authority on which we can rely, that there is no truth what ever in this report. Lord Canterbury has made no such application to the Colonial Secretary; and, as his term of office expires in the course of next month, he has already commenced preparations for his departure from the colony: No communication has yet been received from home as to his Excellency's successor, but in the event of Lord Canterbury not being requested to remain, it is regarded in well-informed quarters as not improbable that Sir George Bowen, the present Governor of New Zealand, will be promoted to the Governor ship of Victoria. We have alluded in another paragraph to the indecencies of reporting. It would appear by the following from the Ballatat .Courier that some photographers want looking after in the same direction:-" A colored carte photograph in Mr Bardwell's window attracted some attention on Satur day night. It was the figure of ' Lottie,' the leading lady gymnast of the Moore troupe. The picture has been artistically finished by the photographer, and is, no doubt, true to life ; if so, ' Lottie's' profes sional costume is much less profuse than one would care to wear on even a very mild winter's day." A very singular charge has cropped up in the Learmonth Police Court, the wife of a publican named Fitzgerald being accused by her husband of attempting to poison him by doses of " Croton oil." The priso ner stands remanded for a week. A petition is being numerously signed at Elsternwick in favor of a commutation of sentence on the woman Ann? Miniver Davis, condemned to death for the alleged poisoning of her husband. According to the Age, there are two remarkable features in connection with this petition. One is that it inferentially charges the man Street with being the attempted destroyer of Davis, and the other is that the first signa ture on the paper is that of Davis, the husband of the condemned worqan. It will be remembered that the Attorney* General directed a nolle prosequi to be re corded in the case of Street, and that the man has been set at liberty. The Argus mentions that another case of pheasant shooting will shortly come before the public. A pair of indiscreet sportsmen, named Goulston and Stewart, both of Keiv, have been suij}fflone4 to appear at the Dis trict Court, on Friday ne^t, tp amyer a charge of illegally shooting pheasants afj Narre- Warren, in May last. The jnfqr? mation has been laid by the police, and the prosecution will be conducted by the solicitor of the Acclimatisation Society. Messrs Money, Wigram and Co.'s fine screw steamship Somersetshire has arrived off Port Phillip Heads from London. Slid has made the passage in .tho remarkably short space of fifty-seven days, one of tho fastest trips on record. The Age confirms what we announced. Our contemporary states-" The bill for the construction of the railways will be .brought in next session." The Telegraph notices that "Amelia Riley, a girl who created a sensation in Geelong a short time ago, in regard to an assault committed upon her, was on Mon* day charged at the dity Police Court with being a vagrant. The charge was laid by the girl's father, who said he could not control her. She had been found frx, a brothel, and would not stay in her father's house. The girl said she was willing to go to service, but she would not go home. She was sent to a reformatory." We wonder what the scoundrels who assailed the girl now think of their conduct. Villainy like theirs too often leads to this unhappy end. Mr C. A. Saint, a well-known Victorian journalist, returned from China on M.qu; day in the ship Onward, Mr Saint has been absent from this colony for about six years. The prospectus of a new bank of issue, wbifb ta? ttatttopg for wag tmsi under the title of The Australian and European Bank (Limited), will shortly make its appearance in Melbourne. Mr J. J. B. Bowman has been ap pointed to officiate as County Court Judge during the temporary absence of Mr Hackett. We learn from the Telegraph that the Board of Education seems to make good use of the postal card system. It has twenty-five printed forms of replies and of questions and of notifications to teachers and school committees and others, and these are ot course available without a clerk having to copy them. AVhere much of the correspondence in an office is formal, it is evident that a great saving of time can . he effected by the use of this plan. In the Educational Department the cards are at present being used at the rate of about SOOO in the year, and it is estimated that 1 their introduction has effected a saving in the staff equivalent to the salaries of two clerks. A little sensation was caused on Monday, ?when it was found that the ground was subsiding in the neighborhood of the Alfred Ilall, from the workings of the Gravel Pits Company, and that several surface cracks have been discovered running under the Orderly Room, the market sheds, and at the rear of the hall itself. It appears, from the Ballarat Courier, that some months ago blasting operations could be heard going on underneath the hall, and within the iast two or three weeks the doors at the north end of the assembly room have got fully an inch out of plumb, and cannot be closed through the sinking of the floor. Some of the metropolitan journals seem inclined (says the O. and M. Advertiser) to sneer at Mr Smith's " military reputa tion," being probably unaware of the fact that the member for the Ovens has seen service in the tented field, and that he learned the art militaire in the U.S. army, and took,part in the Mexican campaign. The Telegraph has a filthy and obscene report of the trial at Sandhurst of Emily Iiirchell, for infanticide. If journalists Lava no appreciation of decency, we shall have to come to a censorship of the press or some other objectionable means of sup-, pressing this vile way of reporting, In a paragraph our contemporary says :-" The trial of Emily Birchell, for infanticide, took place on Monday at the Circuit Court, Sandhurst. The proceedings were evi dently of interest, for the court was crowded. When the prisoner entered the box her lady-like appearance secured the sympathy of the crowd, and during the trial she appeared to evince considerable self-control, though as she wore a thick veil it was not possible to read what her face may have expressed. Mr famyth pro secuted, and the prisoner had a watchful and eloquent defender, Mr Wrixon having been retained on her behalf. Some of the witnesses were not examined or cross examined at any great length, with the exception of Dr Kobinson, and his evi dence broke down the capital charge, or at least assisted to do so to such an extent that the Crown prosecutor withdrew it. There was a second count, charging the prisoner with concealing tue birth, and on that the jury acquitted her without leav ing the box. After Judge Williams had summed up, a point was raised by Mr Wrixon as to when the prisoner first owned to having put the child in the creek, and his Honour repeatedly requested the jury to withdraw until it was settled, but this they refused to do, and came to a con clusion while the judge and the legal gentle men concerned were discussing. There seemed to be a foregone conclusion among the jurors, the lawyers, the witnesses, ana the crowd, that the prisoner should get off, and off she got, her discharge being followed by a demonstrative round of applause. An affecting scene took place between the ac cused and her father, the latter being at the door of the dock to receive her, when she fainted in his arms, and had to be carried out of the court. The Ballarat Star regrets to say that the grub hat appeared in the wheat on the lands about Wyndholm and Mount Pisgah. At the latter place, one farmer has had to re-sow a part of his crop. For the future, two days in the week are to be set apart by the Minuter of Lands for interviews with deputations and the hearing of public complaints, viz., Tues days and Wednesdays. Mr F. L. Smyth informs the Gipps Land people that the survey lor the North Gipps Land railway will be commenced immediately after the vote for preliminary surveys has passed the Assembly. The Telegraph states that the discussion on spiritism was continued on Monday in the Independent-hall, .Russell-street, Mr F. Call, P.M., in the chair. The hall was crowded with listeners, who by their cheers and Maes, showed their keen interest in the progress of the discussion. Mr Blair had decidedly the best of the argument, and dealt a fatal blow at the doctrines ot spiritism by quoting the contradictory dogma3 of its oracles, some of which were absurd, and others blasphemous. Mr Tyerman, for proof of the reality of the manifestations, adduced statements of several persons, most ot them from Yaukee land, and claimed that in them was testi mony strong enough to satisfy a court of law. Mr Blair called these Yankee ghost stories. There is to be a third discussion on Monday night next. 