Tmntstuv, Miv 9. John Aitkin re-colled : I did not notice what Col lins did with the bridlu ; the saddle produced is the same that Collins took away from Tartulla ou the 21st November ; tho ? saddle-pocket was attachtid to the saddle that day, buth when hu left and when he returned to the station ; exhibits 25 (strap on Col lins' saddle; is the same that Mr Ztcmau took off my saddle mi the 21st November ; 1 know a place on the station called the old yard ; it is about six miles np Tartulla Creek ; it is west from the head station in an opposite direction to Guuda Gunda Creek ; 1 must have made a mistake yesterday when I said that the \ilacc where the Wly was found lies due west ; the Oaks arc not half a mile from the main yard ; the old yard is ahnut ten miles from where the Imdy was found in a straight line ; the road from Gundc Gimda Creek and the mad from the old yard comes into one just about where I saw the prisoner when he returned to the station on the 21st November ; t saw M '(iovern on the sta tion that night ; be returned before sundown ; I was close to him when he came in ; he came from tho direction of Donga station ; be brought in a mob of auout ten horses ; M'liovcn did not appear to be wet ; he returned about nu hour and a half after Collins ; he ran somo horses up the paddock when he came in ; he and 1 drafted the horses to go with the cattle the following day ; he left the station on purpose to get oue of his own horses to go with the cattle ; he ilid not bring in the lioree he was looking for ; he put his saddle on the verandah when he came in ou the verandah of my lint; William Beckett left the station on Thursday, November 23, andreturuedahoutafortnight afterwards; his brother aud Patrick Collins went with hiiutoijt George; Thomas Doyle and the black boy left with the cat tle at noon ou the 22nd Nove.nWr ; M'Goven did not go with the cattle; 1 saw M'liovcn leave the station that morning ; he did not return until after the trial at St. Ge n-go, a fortnight afterwards ; ou the 22nd November Collins was getting ready to go to St. Genrge ; I did not ace him till after breakfast that morning ; I was on the station when the news came of the Lorse being found; the neirs was re ceived on Saturday, thu 25tl| November ; Mrs Beckett was on tha station when the news dime of the horse buing found ; [did not hoar her say nuy thing then ; tho news of the murder cauiu on the following day ; Mrs Beckett saiil, when she heard the news, ?' Patscy, Patsoy, my 'Jod what have you done I' the nolic* uatun nftorwards ; I was not present when the police came to search the first time. Oroea-esainined by Mr Blake : I had seen Collins in Ipswich before ; it might have been ten years that I saw bim at that place before I saw liiui at Tartulla ; I heard he had been in trouble during that time ; I do not recollect what it was ; X heard something nf his ticing a man to a tree, but did not hear of bis letting him loose ; 1 liad been over two years at Tartulla in November last ; Collins told me he oame direct from his mother's house when lie came to Tartulla; he did not tell me how long he had been at liberty; I asked him several tin.es how they ploughed the ground aud cultivated the sugar cane atSt. Helena; after tea, ou tho 20tH November, wheu myself ami Mr Zieman went into old Mr Beckett's room, CoIliuB and Mrs Beckett were in the parlour together ; Mrs Beckett was sewing ; 1 only went out Df the room once aud Collins and Mrs Beckett still remained in the parlour ; 1 do i.ot kuow whether Collins was in bed on the night of tho 21st Novem ber ; there are two beds in Collur, room ; when persons came to the station they usually slept iu that room, but gentlemen were put iu the parlour; t said in my cuamiuatiou at St. George that Jlr Zioniau told me about 8 o'clock in the evening he would give £800 cash down for J. Beckett's brand ; I 'may be wrong about the time for the clocks do not go properly aud sometimes are stopped ; I swear that similar words were made use of by Mr Zieman an the morning of the 22nd ; he did not say he would give an ardor on bis brother in St. George ; I did not tee Mr Zieman take the strap from my toddle, but I knew it oame from there ; I saw him with it iu bithanilaud,hesaid 'Johu,Iliavogotyouratrap;' itjthe place where I saw prisoner coming towards the station there are fenoes on both tides leading up to the house ; t eaw Collins last on the night of tlio 21st November in the pwlour, at about half- past 9 o'clock 1 1 taw the man Marsh in the morning ; he ir** up at the time ; I did not see Collins nn the morning ol the 22nd until after we had done drafting the cattle— it wfts abnut 10 o'clock ; ho I wm tlieii walking on tl'e verandah of the kituUeo ; ! Collins wis ahoot tbe station all (lint day ; o.i (hi I night of Ih J 22nd, to tlu biiiit of my belief, Cfillin.i j w.is in Uim parinur '.i-Jie i 1 saw h'm last ; 1 saw bim 1 st it with Beckett for St, Cwti^c about 1(1 u'ulnuk ou tbu morning of t!i« 2 J.-.l ; I did not take particu lar notice of hie saddle ami hrMlu ; I could nut swear he had any strap for holding pits on the aaldlo ; 1 know that be had his own s^lillu, but I did not take notice of the briiUu ; J know tlml Culliuscau write; j 1 said before tiio magistrate! time ihc cheque for-Mr j -Murphy was drawu on the Bank of Australasia— that is correct ; I recollect now that I was wrong iu my statoiucut yesterday iu saying it was on the Commercial ; whan Mr Ziemau spoke to me about giving ttlOO for tlio cattle on the night of the 20tli November, M*Guvcu may have becuthero, hut f do not recollect seeing him ; in the uiorniug Mt.ovou I was there ; Colliiia aud him were about two or tlmu i yards apart ; Culline had cleau trousers when lie [ started witii Beckett for at. Ueos-ge. I Ue-examiued by the Alturnuy-Guueral : Collins' bay horse was branded something like WG or C ou the ikmt shoulder ; I would know the horse without the brands ; I uaw the horse both at rit George aud Toowoomba. Cross- cxaiuiued by Mr Bl.ikc : I said liefore the magistrates at Surnt, and now swear, that' Mrs Beckett said to Hylcs, on the !-UUi Kovemlter, ' Do you muan to say that Jlr Zieman is murdered;1 it was after that tiwt .Mns JJjekctt spoke about Pateey. By the Attorney Goner.il : I ha\\-o no doubt about the words haviu3 »='» usjJ ; 1 believe Tlios. Jones was there, aud two or three more, who heard the same words. Win. Tnmbull disposed ; I was stockman at Tar tulla in November last ; 1 was on the station on fie 21st of that month ; I saw 1'atrick Collins return tn tUc station that owning ; 1 saw him close to the yard; I had a conversation with him just after breakfast of the same day ; he ;isked me if I was going down the paiUuck ; 1 said, 'Yes;1 he then said, ' If yon sec a loan horse will you run him up as 1 want to put my other two horses oat to evxis ?' 1 said I would ; Collins had three horsns. a roan 'a bay, and a black ; I brought the roan up for him that morning ; I saw the other two in tho paddock afterwards ; Collins came homo about half au hour before Buiiilown j I asked liiui if he put his horses out; he said, 'No;' L asked him if l,o haj f*«,i any grass, and lie replied, 'I have seen grass aud water too;' he ™.l h« did not put them out because he though tlu-y mi-lit go away ; this oonveis it^oii took place in tiic stockyard ; he said he had seen a iwM of ' tlyera ;' J .^(.,1 bin-, where he hail suen them, and he said it was nearly upat the old yard up the creek; lasked him if he had had a shot at them and ho said lie had ; I said ' 1 expect yon could not do any good with them ' and he replied, ' I turned them too or throe times and thon list them go ;' 1 went to bed between fl and 10 o'clock that night ; I saw 'Jollins about half an hour before 1 went to bed ; 1 was up next moraine before daylight, and weut tj aasi»t iu drafting the cattle shortly afU-rw.inls j McCovcu and Willi.im Beckett came up lp tho yard shortly after I had reached there ; we drafted over 2!H) out of 300 that were ill the yard ; Collins cime up when we h;ul nearly finished tlie drafting ; after we had finished we wunt to breakfast ; it ill list thcu liavc bceu nearlv two hours after sunrise ; Collins was not present at breakfast ; I did not leave with the cattle to go to St (Soorgc, 1 left tliu station after dinner ; I ioiuod the cattle somewhere ou the road ; .Shannon Mcfiovcn aud Win. Beckett went uith me to the cattle ; McGovcn was with me all the time. Croes-cxaniined liy Air lilake : Whnn we returned to tho station Zicinau'g murder was known; mm night 1 put ou .1 white night dress belonging to Mrs Beckett and went nut of t'ac front gate, and round by the wood heap iu front of thu kitchen ; L went up to the kitchen door ; there were some of them that were frigiituiie 1 at it ; on the afternoon nf thu 21st Xovemlier C.-Hiiis was np at the yard Hit'a nn:; [ was handling a young horse ; it w:is about half ail hour before suudortii ; I know a man In- tiie '11'iiri; of Tliomas D.iyl.; ; I did not heir him s iy anything aliout Air Zieuian's ghost ; 1 went out U frHituu .1 man named Newsou ; I 1I0 not runictiibci' Tiuariii' him say he liail seen Mr Zieman's ^li.^t. ° John C;.in«y dupoivd : 1 am a co:itruui.ir i-c;iuiii' at SHJenrt-c; 1 remuuiber Ihu 'Jlst Soveinlier l.i.st ; I w.is at Taitulla station aiiuut that time ; 1 mm' Mr Simon Kiiiiuaii there 011 Tuesday, tlie ilst; I lent Mr Ziuinau u hur.^e mi tli.it day ; it u:is 1 clji^t nut horse, tliu same lie (wit:n»3) had seen outside the t'-iiurt to.ilay ; 1 left the statinu mi the 21 -.t wit'i John Beckett, and iliil not sec liini.-i.'.tiii unt'i 1 1 i--.k him from ]Jo:iga to St (iwn-o's |;,,,|UL. . 1 u,,,,,^ remember the day when i saw him at 'l-oiii;:i ; hu nas cut across the hock -m tho ucav t.idr of tlif- ]jin 1 leg; it was the horse 1 lent U' Mr .Si ? n Zieman. and wan not cut in the manner dosciiljod «hea 1 lent it to him. John lietketh itynsud . I am a graziei- iveidin-- :it Wycombc station ; 1 was at T.ululla ou the evcuiu' of the 20th Xuvciubcr ; after lua tu.it c\v:iing I was in my fathers room with my bi- itliui; .Simon Ziumau, and John Aitkcii ; i s.iw 1'at licit Co'Jins after tea, when 1 was going into my father's niiim ; I did not sue any mure of him bt- fiirc I went to lied ; I slvpt iu tliu slimo room as 1'atrick Collins that night ; the next iiiurii ing he said to iuc, ' That fcll.m- had great Mowing about liis money last night ;' lie also said, ' What was that he offered to you for A1;) !' I s:iid it was u £t ckurne be was offering to sell fur Ci ; Mr Zii-num had nllcn.1l mo a cheque nf i4 for 1'! iu my father's hedronin the prcviiius night ; Mr ZiViiir.n I1.1 1 buon talking abnut money in uiy father's liodrooui j it Wiis about purchasing somo cattlu ; Zicmin nilered a price for cattle, which was refused ; my father x.-iid something aliout bills, :ind Jlr Zieman rcinarkod, ' I don't deal in bills, if you will hit me have the cattlu 1 will let you have the cash, nil iu n.ittut if required ;' be said. 'The cattle must li« nVlivurcil at the Bridge by Friday next if 1 buy them ;' the cattle were oHeicd before we talked nlmut the cheque ; affair we talked about the cheque offered by Mr Zieman for sale, he showed me .mother chcijue, and tolJ me he was going to pay it to Mr Murphy, the solicitor, for a bill of my brother's ; 1 made the remark, ' tt is not signed '---it was ii't signed ; I left my father's licJroiiiuuliiut 1 1 o'clock, and went to lied in Collins' mom about 12 o'clock ; next morning abnut 8 o'clock we had tho conversa tion on the kitclien verandah a short time after breakfast ; I saw Outline aliout an hour ami a half after tiic iMiivcrs:itioii ; lie was carrying a bridle and saddle on his arm ; he walked by tlm kitchen door ; I was sitting inside ; after dinner I saw Mr Ziu inau'B horse saddled ; 1 saw the horse break tho iicad-picce of the bridle, ami Mr Zicmau cut a hole iu it to inond it ; he «as putting on bis waterproof coat which frightened the horae, it was a common English bridlu ; thetwo check pieces produced (por tion of cKhiLit 3D) arc like portions of the bridle that I saw broken; the headstall gave way at the bucklos ; one of the cheek-nieces produced is slightly torn close to the buckle that fits on tho head-piece ; the head-piece of this .bridle (3G) docs i'ot correspond with the check-pieces ; the horse pulled bauk nnd nearly fell down ; (exhibit Fl shewn tn witness) tbu rein of this hridlo is like the one Mr Zieman had ; I notice the rein is torn near tlie buckle ; it ilocs not appear an old tear : I cave ovidencc aliout this tear at -Surat;I saw MrZic maxi leave Tartulla ; I noticed n whip in his hand ; it was a groeiihidc-whip, brokeu about nine inches from thu end ; 1 left Tartulla that afternoon with Clancy, about three o'clock ; wo went over to Donga Btation, which is nbout throe or four miles distant by the road ; we saw some drays camped at the Donga wonlshcd ; wo went up to the drays, there was An old man, a young man, and a boy with the drays. Cross-examined by Mt Blake ; the bridle is of a very common pattern, so also is the whip ; I cannot eay whether the break on the wliip is in the exact place that I saw with Mr Ziouiau ; 1 kuow a girl -y the name of Juno Ryle ; I saw lny brother Win. Beckett give this girl a boatiug ; it was a littlo before Collins came to tho station ; he beat her with a wbip ; it was the same sort of whip as this before me (No 27} ; I could not say if it was broken ; T took tho whip out of Mb hand ; I do not know what I did with it. Thomas Marsh, who appeared to be suffering from severe illness, had to be assisted into the Court. The utmost consideration was shown to him by tlio learned coiiiiroI on both sides ; and on being nconi modated with a chair, ho stated that he was Buffer ing from a bad cold. On examination by Mr Pring be said ; I am a grarier residing on tlie Maranoa ; I was at Tartull* station on tbe 21st November last ; [ saw Patrick Collins there on that day ; I elept nt Tartulla that night in a littlo end room ; it was a Bkillion room, aud Patrick Collins slept in the room with me that night ; ho was in bed when I retired, aud 1 did not observe that there was a saddle iu tha I ronm ; I giyt up about 6 o'clock in the morning, I JyiVitig Collins ill bod ; when I got up on thu morn i ing ..f tii.- 22:id r mnuut say u-hotlier he had hi« j cl-il'iai n;i ; 1 liliiot 808 any clotlits by the bed I si-li! wiie-i I |,Mt up ; he u-as 11 idorn-i;itli tho bed ? rl'ilt.tsand I ,lia nut «|i.!;..k to U:ui afu.r 1 w«nt U , Ixul ; 1. slept soundly t'liit nyht ; 1 left Tartulla .111 I t'lo morning of thu 22nd about an bouraftcrsunrisc ; I kit the door of tho bedroom open when i went to bed, and tho door was ojhju whon J'weut out in tho morning ; 1 awoke ouco during the night ; I cannot Siy whether Collins was iu the bed or not ; I went to Bleep directly after 1 wunt to bed. His llunui', ou iiujuiriugofcauusaland the jury if they would require this witness any more, kindly told him (hat he might return to his home. ?John Shannon M'tioven deposed: I am stock ketiuer to John Beckett ; 1 was Btouk-Lceping for William Beckett up to the 22nd November last ; 1 had been with him nearly three yearn; 1 first' eaw thu prisoner Patrick Collins on tho 12th November list ; oil the Uth of that luoutli 1 and Collins went tn l)ou«a Creek, a sUiti.111 nf Mr O'Brien's ; the bridle Collins was using was a very narrow bridle, onmpwed of thick leather, nivl with n very narrow throat strap ; we slept at (ilen Erin (hat night in the same room ; Collins ojicued a swag in my presence that night ; 1 saw its contents ; thoru was a biaiiKet, quart pot, n pair of moleskin trousers, ,i Crimean shirt, anil a jiairof mnlu&Uu; trousers iiiRiite of it; there was no (snddln-y iX any kind in the swag ; 1 saw him do the swag up in the morning ; \\\'i put nothing in that he had not tnken out before ; wo went back to Tartulla next warning ; I rodo a black home belonging to Collins ; he had one liorse with him ; it was a lii« Jay h»rse ; he rode that ; 1 never saw the horae Iwforc ; 1 saw tho horse iu the police yanl this morning ; Collins was riding with the narrow bridlu he rode up with ; he had another old bridle with which he led a packliorae ; Collins sold the oM In-idle to Thomas Doyle; 1 saw it hi his possession on the IbtU November ; tjoilins, iny KL-lf, and some others went away from 'J'lirtulla for smile eattle. nnd returned tothostation on the 19tli ; all rctume.1 except John Aitki.11, whom we left oil the road with his horse knocked up ; Culling had uith him all the narrow bridle with th» exception of the reins which I saw him exchange with liis sis tor. [N'o. iS'i produced. ] These .110 the reins that Collins g'.t from Mrs Beckett; the lie -idpi-jce aud fnrchc.vi li in 1 1 believe to lie part of Collins' bridle ? the thrnat-liuli and clirck-picccn -lid not belcmu it, tliol.ridlo. fFI pmducf.1.1 To the best of'my belief these clnek-pieccs lielong to Culling' luidlu ? I remember the 20tli November Jiist ; 1 met Mr /''email on the station ; 1 saw Collins pull ofl'a pair of trousers i' the kilelicn that night ; be had another pair of innleKkiu trousers undenipath ? 1 s,iu- him leave the station next day ; lie had ou thfi same pair of cl-:iu moleskin tinunurs ; after he left ?Mr Ziflian and I went away htguther ; before lea v iiiH Mr Ziuinnn's li-rsu bnike his bridle, the liorse liaviiig liMiii frighieneil by Air Zieinan wiiilc puttiii' on ilis watci-pniof coat ; the bridle gave way at the buckle which fasten* the cheek-piece to tiic head !ii'-e« ; Mr Ziuin.in e:'.t a freOj hole and uieuded tho briille ; the reason why I left the station was that I was going over t!ie river to look for some hoises ; Mr Zieman had behind the siddle two pint pots aud a yut of ln.U.leo ; tli'V were fastened with a little M.ra|- ina.le of plaited liorschidc; I lia.l seen tho utran bufoic ou Aitkon's saddle ; who:i he tnak it tiff he s5ie»e.l it tii Aitkcii, and lull him he had g.-t tlic strap ; be put it in his waistcoat p ickut, and afterwards put it ou Ilia saddle ; I would knnw the strap nffaiii (\o. i'i produceil) ; th'i- is thu'strap ; 1 kuow it by .1 strand that isuut Rcnpcl ; it lias y.it tlie hair im it ? when I left Tartuila with MrZicm.iu he looked .it his watch, and sai^l it is half-past I o'clock. [Atthis ftigo of tl.c procenlingi, Mrs Beckutt, the female primmer, br-ike down under a paroxysm of acute mental anguish, exclaiming, 'Oh A'i'ics! Oh Ague? I ' WaUt was prnvnre.1, and tlio u.ifor tnuate sulierer rwnnvL'd outsidi- the Co'r-t, where, after au iuterviil of alioul tifttiii inhiutus, she recovered suiiiuiuiilly b- enable her to return to the dock.] Kxamination of .1. S. McUiiven cintinuod : On leaving the ^t^iti'iii Mr 2ie:nau aud 1 proceeded on the Donga wad to tliv on..-sin;.place ; we kept the ru:id all the way till we ens™! (lie river ,-it the cin»siiig-|ilace ; after croNiing we pot iu «iriLt uf the Surat mail, sv.ni .-.t-nc'i sienna to it ; v.r struck it about h;Jf-:i-::iil- from tin.- Dmiga w...il.shud ; tin crnFsing plac; is nb.iut t'lrccinilusifouii the station ; it w.is r.iinina a little bel.irc be struck the Surat road ; We saw two Imiln.-k-tcanin, and a buy driving aouiu spare h-.illuckx; tl'C tnams wcvo. m'ling in a direction from .Surat t' St. - .'?joix'c : after comiii-'iui the road we cultured part .if tin: r.i.i.l iu the ilirie tion of Snrat ; 1 wei-.t a!. out tn-o an.l ,1 half n-iles with Mr Ziviiiaii fmui «here we struck the road, and v,e stuick the ! i;:.l .?ibmit lialf-.-1-niilc from the crossing-place ; we w.-iv ili.u :.t the long swamp, :i.:.lberel tni-n-.-d ..!!' t'u 1-...-1-I (., Io,,k for some horses ; Mr -Ciein;iii y .v-v.'.-.l -.;i in t'.ie .liructioii cf .S11r.1t. and 1 never s-.-v him :i.:ain ; I know the n-atoi hole nt -lmi'i« Cuo!.! -nvk wheve Mr Xic 111.111' a h.idy was fmnrl ; I Lliiii!; ii is about four miles from the sw.vnp I -m-iil: .mod ; that watcrlmlc iimntlieK-ftasiMieK-i-i t., S-ir.V : I turned oil' t.i |!iuii-,.ht, wvnt round a!».iit a mil... aiid f||..n to Uonsn again : I Raw tlm .lray« f.n-tli' s.-c ? I time nt lionffi wo.-l:-h.».l ; i\:,-\ w.-ivUii-n campi-l ; 1 had my horses with me t)n-n ; I went up to the 1ml l«ick drays, and I spoke to the men ; it w;is abnut tlirciw]unrtcri) of ;i'i hour or nn hour from the limn wehndsWMitbom U-fi-rn; after Epcikiiifr with the bullock-drivers I wi-nt down tfl th- O.nc, stntion, but there was nobody at home ; from Dm.'.i house 1 went across the plain abnit a hundred yards from the (lraVR, and tlion 1 pr.iwi-.le 1 \ip Dnn-jn (^rcok in search of some h-- i-«ua : I found and t/ink hninp live head, and these were mnne 'f the hniws t went nut to sni-k : when T got Immo. thatpvenins; I drafteil some of tlm hoifes and put them ill the paddock ; I Cfltlmmc just after Rund.iwn ; when TiUTivt-d at the house I saw the prisoner I'ntrii-k (Collins : 1 went (o bed abnut, fl orlialf-t)a-it !1 o'clock ; tthon I camo in 1 put my siddlc in the verimlali of t'10 men's hut : Aitkcn elepps in the men's hut ; 1 slept that night in the kitcliPii verandah in front nf the store door ; I gnt np iinxt morning soon after dayli eh t. and wont to the yard to draft, cattle : f got readv for startinc wi'h tliP rattle; the cnttlu strnterl before mn ; T followed them nftor dinner ; 1 loft the station with Wm. Tunibnll and William Beckett ; William Bpi-kfiH went about two and a-lialf miles with us on the road, and then turned back ; the reason why I did not start with the rent was that I was preparing for a loni; journey, and 1 had a young horse to quiet that had not been cnnglit for throe years ; we were abnut two hours quieting this Jinrso : wo bad two pack horses and nne to bobble up ; Collins was at the yard whon we broke in tho horse ; ( -ollins joined us on the 23rd ; I noticed liis bridle *,hat evening ; I observed that it had now cheek pieces on ; by new I moan that they wore different from what I bad seen before : they wero wider mid appeared to liave formed portions of an English bridle, and had double buckles ; (No. 30 produced); the cheek pieces pro duced are like those I Raw nn Collins' bridle : 1 no ticed the throat-lash of the bridle ; if was different to tho one I had seen in his pn;-seBFiio-i before ; it was wider ; I raw the bridle) again the same night, ftiid nftnrvrards on CoIHur' horse at .St. RcorRC ; it appeared to be the same bridle in nil particulars to that I observed in Collins' possession on the 2.!rd November ; I Rtw it next nt Rurat ; previous to leaving Tartulla I noticed the saddle, it hail then a leather strap on ; I did not notice any other strap on the saddle on the I Oth November. Tlie Court adjourned at C o'clock till 10 o'clock on Friday morning. 