BEHIND THE BUSHES, Dr. Louscacnr' GbosT. I've been cogitating, ruiinating, wondoring, by what rule.(if any) the nomenclature of race horses' in guided, and my nearest approach as yet isthu'? d of the ridiculous (it such' there e). On'nqiriring of a 'horsey friend the other day.ho gave mu something between a wink and a leeoor, ni said thus--"My freend, theer 'be maniy thiigs about reacohoesus and lhosronces ycr dimno unsterton," and upon reflection I think hb told e o,true. For instasico I can not unlderstand why there should beo duch 'a' rush for tho.ntmu of any hqrso that acquires a littl' celeriity' in Enjilbnd, 'for rio soop?' 'hlad Tim Whiflr ennobled 'his 'plebeiat "taoln' thatnr therd' Was' a' rush 'by the onirers' o' f hories to sociiioo'it;"''hd Noew Southi Waled'had its Tint Whlilhr ; \?ictgrih, ditto; Tasmilnits"ditto -bht'tllo first Mlone had any claini'tp the title of ricellbrs.t "'He hasleft th,.ttirf'with honors; and gone to the stud, since when the original Thti' Whiller has' been importedl for the .amo .iqrp'o'iq r'hicli': must cause' con' aidorable 'confusion of pedirebs' hbroafter. If somo. effectual means,'are not' addpted'tb het th6tit' fliht 'this confusion shust havre 'a 'de toriorating effect in the Indian ntiirket;' Soinb old'fdlldi'bdi'""What's in a namo ?" There milst li hoinaotliiiig for the dbsire for chagoe is' not confiii'd :to the fonalo sex- in the human raco, and in the qquine such names as Argus Scandal, Pidddi sLahd,; Rdollickin, Sal, Times and Mines, &c;! &c;:, must lio a sosirco of annoyrhnce to the boarers thereof, if they understand themn and 1 asppose they unst, or why such ntines ? ' iter'?ith' y brother "Thel' Dri"tiil i rerttidth''g ' ddatlnh ' a promising colt' named Solf- Reliance by Self-Roliance. I look upon it as'i niiesriful 'intorpibsition of'Providence, 'for hn? he livod'ho never tould have looked a decent narmed'horsoir',nairo in thh fabo with'such' a haliin'itn'ld"'pddigoee."': If Shin Snookq or' 'Bill Biiggne'iteoro to' otfer'themselves as huhb asils: to thnePrincess Beatrice, I would tako' short oilds thait thby biildbe rejected ; "?ut if a 'L6vesbn Gowsr 'tlihroki"'in lhis liat 'lho"dciido' iiay'?bo difeoront, though he may bo'the worst specimen' of the lot." She may condescend t'bbo Mar chibness of StaffOrd or Duches1 'of Sutherllidd but MrM Snooks'oriMi's 'TBugins never. So it ppears there 'i soniethinig n 'a, namoe;attor all. If the o'snerd'of racehorses' are s6 deficiont"in inveniori hs 't bo" 'compelled to fall'back on unaeri? gdOd bhfo'o, :it would'? h weilll to' adopt tho'plan' of thoecattld' breedeis'in:England, and number thdoe of the sanribtninieo, 'is'that all Imay possess aTim Whiffld or" a 'Marquis and be -:De. Bra?ur's Preosrienonst-E-Multitudes'of people are hopelessly suflbring-.froma Debility,' Nervous and u liver-Complaints, Depression of Spiirts, DelusidoiA UnfitWn'oesslfr Business or Study,Failuro of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Waent:.of'Powver, &c.;,, whoso causes admit of a:permanont, cure bythoremody,Pnos PuoDIns (ObtiiecOxygon),.whiclh at once allays al rritatilg n and excitement, imparts .new energy' anodLife to the enfeeliled consttutioi, and rapidl e overy stage of thesel hitherto, iuctgsblp.ep . distreass?g maladies Sold by l llf linti, Storekeopers tl'ongliout l .ios',fko wsoPho-Phamplet , contining testionials u~ayo, be tain d., i?-CA ?Ti9 he pnrtictiliptto,askjc for cDt. 3uniuuTP' P bTeoiio res, s ilpitaitiosi',are? ahboad., [Advt.] 