AT IT AGAIN. 1 _ The House of Assembly has resumed business in the old style — very little work and plenty of vituperation. We will not undertake to say which honorable mem ber is most blamable for Tuesday night's personalities. At first sight, or on a first hasty perusal of the report of the proceed ings, it would appear that Mr. Buchanan was the guilty party, buta little reflection will show the fallacy of such a conclusion. Mr. David is the Thersites of the As sembly. No one would have taken a cue from him to make a personal onslaught if a general row did not suit the temper of the majority. The members of the Go vernment — for very obvious reasons— wished to maintain a dignified silence j but the provocation was too great, and hence Mr. Butler lost his temper, and Mr. Parkes his memory. As to the special cause of contention between Mr. Butler and Mr. Robert son, we have no hesitation in asserting that the former gentleman's statement is the correct one. The latter versatile in dividual has a loose, as well as a con venient, memory. We are aware our selves — from actual evidence within our reach — that Mr. Robertson often at tempted, while in office, " to hook —the expression is his own— —Mr. Butler into the office of Attorney-General. Nay, more__he often remonstrated against that gentleman's " shyness at taking the bait, in language more cogent than persuasive j in fact, gave emphasis to his importunity by garnishing his discourse with samples of those jocose profanities, or ironical irreverences of language, which he is popularly known to use in his merry mood. Mr. Forster — always self-sustained, scrupulous to a fault, and animated with a refined sense of duty— maintained, on the occasion referred to, the proprieties of debate, and sustained the dignity of the House. He had a right to object to Mr. Park.es reading the correspondence between them, in reference to a proposed coalition between them. Although Mr. Forster knew perfectly well that Mr. Parkes wrote to him, in the first instance, to get a refusal, in order to utilize it afterwards, in the very way he bas done, the honorable member for Illawarra was too fastidious to comment on, or even hint at, such a possible bit of advoitness on the part of Mr. Parkes. We have made up our mind never again to disturb the Ghost of Kiama ; we will not even take the trouble to say a de profiindis over the " murdered man" one of the "ten," of whom Mr. Paptces knew so much four years ago. The Government — whatever opinion we bave formed of the character of its chief —came into power constitutionally, and is entitled to fair play. Their suggestion .of a short session, on the distinct under standing of calling the House together again in September, is reasonable. But the Head of the Administration should be bound, in language that human in genuity cannot misinterpret, to call the ' House together in the month of Septem ber, as he has promised to do. It will not be without its value — perhaps its ' moral— to pin him t$ something positive, f 