A Whisper to Gentlemen. JUPITER Amman! Don't I wish I was a man! just to show the masculines how to play their part in this world a little better! In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that has got as far as A B C in the art of making love (and I have seen a few abortions in that way myself, as well as the rest of my sisters.) What woman wants to be to'.d that " her feet and eyes are pretty," or, " her form and smile bewitching ?" Just as if she didn't know all her fine points as Boon as she was tall enough to peep into a looking-glass. No, you ineffable donkey, if you must use the small coin of flattery to pay toll at the bridge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long ears. Compliment her upon some mental attraction she does not possess (if you can find one!) and don't fVear the knees of your pet pants thread bare at her feet, trying to make her.believe she is your "first love." We all know that is among the things that were, after you are out of jackets and trousers. What a splendiferous husband I, (Fanny) should make, to be sure, had Providence so ordained it! Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious boys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe-strings, I'd scowl at her like a hyena, and pull my portmonnaie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth ? Do you suppose when her blue eyes grew lustreless, the rose paled on her cheek, trotting round the domestic tread-mill day by day, that I'd come home at niuht sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her face till her eyes were as red as rabbits' ? or take myself off to a club or a game at nine, or any other game, and leave her to tbe exhilarating relaxation of darning my stockings ? Do you suppose that, I'd trot along like a IOOBB pony at her sido, in the street, and leave her to keep up with me or not, as her strength would permit ? Do you suppose that I'd fly into a passion and utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her a healing plaster in the shape of a new bonnet ? And don't suppose, when the anniversary of our wedding day came round, I'd write a dainty little note, and leave it on her toilet-table, to let her know I was still a married lover ? Pshaw 1 I am sick of you all! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high-souled woman. If you want a house- keeper, hire one, and be done with it. If you want a wife but you don't. One woman will answer just as well as another to sew your buttons, and straps, and strings, and make your puddings, and—so on and so forth. Do you suppose we have cultivated our minds and improved the bright and glorious gift of intellect to the best of-our capacity, to minister only to your physical wants? Not a bit of it! When that's over we want something rational. Do you ever think of that, you- selfish wretch, when you stretch your legs right across the fire-place, reading tho newspaper all to yourself? or sit from tea-time till 10 o'clock, staring the ashes of the grate out of countenance ? By Harry! if I had such a block of a husband, I'd scare up the ghost of a lover somewhere, if there's any wit in woman! THE QUEEN'S SPEECH.—At the recent prorogation of Parliament, a ludicrous scene is reported to have occurred. Mr. Gladstone, so the report gbes, had taken unusual pains in making up for her Majesty an effective speech, which was entrusted to Lord Chancellor Hatherly for delivery, with instructions to deliver it well and according to the best of his abilities as an elocutionist. The speech was written upon several sheets of paper, but the clerk who made the copy forgot to attach them with eyelets. Mr Gladstone, it is reported, stationed himself at the bar of the House of Commons, waiting to observe the effect of his composition, and particularly the effect of the conclusion, which he had elaborated and filled with rhetorical ornamentation. The usual bustle and coufusion having subsided, Lord Chancellor Hatherly, began to deliver the "speech'' with his accustomed ease and gracefulneBB, but soon became nervous and fidgety in manner, and, after a short time, ceased to read altogether, and snt down in a state of confusion. Ou examination, it appears that the sheets of the "speech" had become transposed, and before the Lord Chancellor had gone over the body of the document, he plungpd suddenly into the rhetorical conclusion, alluding iu glowing terms to matters which had not been previously referred to at all. How pathetic Thackeray is. His musings on death, particularly, always touch me. How he constantly veers to tho thought that, busy and self important as we are, there will some morning or night come when it will be nothing at all to us, how the sun rises or sets ; or what happens in all the great world, and when the little gaps wo leave'will fill right up like rifts in the sea ; when all that will be remembered of us by those who remember us at all, will be whether wo were merciful and unselfish and loving, or the reverse. A fight betweeu a cat and a gamecock is the latest sensation at Columbus, Georgia. The cat retired at the end of three minutes. An Iowa paper tells of a smart wife who helped her husband to raise seventy acres of wheat. Tho way she helped was to stand in the door and shake a broom at him when he sal down to rest. FANNY FEEN. 