THE MURRAY ELECTION. POLLING DAT. At nine a.m. on Monday polling commenced for this electorate—the places fixed on for this purpose were Deniliquin, Moama, Moulamein, Wanganella, Conargo, Jerilderie, and Tocumwal. The day was fine, and the excitement in the different localities was higher than was previously witnessed in any one of the preceding election contests. Before ten o'clock a large number of country people arrived at Deniliquin, a majority of them on horseback. The townspeople were on the qui vive, particularly the innkeepers, who were prepared to take advantage of the presence of so many of the " free and independent electors," and we may suppose that they are all now, while voting by ballot, both free and independent. But first let us trace the steps of the "Liberal" candidate. It was evident, whichever way the polling might go, that Mr. Stephen, in Deniliquin town, was denominated the " popular" candidate. His meetings had shown this to be tbe case. Hejheld his last on Saturday night at the Royal Hotel Assembly Room, where he was enthusiastically received. He had been to Moama, and had come to Redbank (Mathoura) by Thursday night's coach, where he purposed holding a meeting. We believe that he did not succeed in getting an audience there—population being so scattered, that even the " patriotism" stirred and brought out was not equal to the occasion. Bad roads and weather in these parts have a depressing political effect npon the buoyant feelings of electors, especially where stomachs are well filled and the outer-man is well clothed. On Friday night when Cobb's coach arrived at Redbank on its way to Deniliquin from Echuca, there was no room for the " popular " candidate—the ultra democratic gods were with him, but the fates were against him, so there he had to stop. Great, then, was the disappointment of a few of his most ardent supporters at Deniliquin when the coach arrived without him on Friday night, as they expected him to go through a political pas seul at Deniliquin on Saturday night—he was then to administer consolation to his disciples, just sufficient to soothe down their excitement and keep them np to polling point till Monday morning. But the disappointed partizans, though cast down, were not dismayed— they knew, or thought, that he would turn up on Saturday night, though not one of them in his patriotic exuberance tried on the Saturday to send a conveyance for tbe apostle of so many political creeds. They left him to pass his time away at Burton's comfortable hostelry at Mathoura, but though the mountain would not go to Mahommed, it was indispensable that Mahommed should come tr> the mountain. So, after much difficulty, young Burton secured some horses and sent on the candidate to Deniliquin, where, half-Btarved from cold, he arrived soon after eight o'clock, just in time to raise the drooping spirits of his followers, who cheered him as he went into the Royal. He begged to be allowed time to take tea and recruit himself, which, of course, was granted. In the meantime the bellman was sent around to tell the expectant democrats that their apostle was come, and he soon entered the Assembly Room, where he was rapturously received—Mr. Joseph EvanB, watchmaker (Mr. Stephen's cicerone), being again chairman. Mr. Stephen's speech was a re-hash of his first address here, interspersed with abuse of the Pastoral Times of the previous night. He played his part well, and so did his followers—not a third or fourth of the persons present being electors. Mr. Stephen had on that morning seen the first edition of the offending journal at Mathonra ere he had left that place, and as the second edition was detained for sometime in order to give the publio Mr. Stephen's last orationB, there was, of course, not one to be had of the first edition at Deniliquin, as we post it at nine p.m. on Friday night. Immediately Mr. Stephen commenced his address he complained of our withholding our publication in order to take from him the opportunity of replying to the strictures contained therein, whereas if he had come at the time appointed by him and held his meeting at Deniliquin, we shonld have done our best to have sent fcrth his last words, but it was near midnight (on Saturday) ere the sounds and revelry of his supporters had died away—so, in fact, he had the last word with his noisy supporters, and we bad no opportunity of commenting on his political vagaries. By ten o'clock on Monday tbe polling had set in in earnest, and town and suburban electors were recording their votes rapidly in favour of Mr. Stephen, judging of the anti-squatting mien of those who were then taking an active part in the movement before Deniliquin Court-house, wherein Mr. Landale presided, as returning officer, with two scrutineers, viz., Mr. Henry Hunter for Mr. Hay, and Mr. Mayger for Mr. Stephen. Soon after ten o'clock, when a large crowd was congregated here, several carriages were seen in the distance, being driven at a rapid pace, with a large number of horsemen bringing up the rear. The scene, apparently, was as though an officer was rapidly advancing, escorted by a squadron of light horse, and in a few minutes Mr. Frederick Yorke Wolseley, of Thule, was approaching driving four handsome chestnut horses, and the six-and-twenty horsemen were the electors on Thule station; there were three other carriages, each drawn by fonr horses. Forthwith the horsemen were joined by a number of station hands from off Mrs. M'Laurin's station (Morocco) and Mr. Robert M'Laurin's station (Cornelia). There were also several settlers on horseback from smali holdings near Deniliquin, who, with a number of footmen, joined in the crowd. The tout ensemble, just now, was something unusual for our quiet town. The riders cheered as they came up in wonderful order for rough bush riders—they were well clad, and evidently well fed, station men, who indicated by their jovial appearance anything but dissatisfaction in regard to their political or social status. Just now there were, probably, about 200 persons, hotsemen and footmen, congregated. Tbe Thnle men cheered lustily,_ Bhouting out " Who's afraid ? " as they reined in their horses; there was a counter-cheer given by some of Mr. Stephen's supporters, someof whom, sotto voce, cried " I'ts all np with the squatters—they have brought up their men to poll—they will poll dead against the squatters; Stephen's the man for the people." There was something in tiie appearance of these fifty or sixty men that proved to demonstration the fallacy of the allegation that these station hands are men of an inferior type ,and a glance at their countenances made it evident at once that they were a new race of pastoral empIoyCs, and were very unlike the old worn out shepherds; they had cheerful, intelligent looks ; their general demeanour was irreproachable —each man got off his horse, went direct into the polling room, where tbe strictest secresy, of course, was observed, no one being tbenn present in the room but the returning officer and tbe two scrutineers (if we except Mr. Stephen, who claimed his right to be present, which the returning officer good-naturedly did not dispute.) Thus, by his presence, and his running in and out of the room, Mr. Stephen was enabled to inform his anxious hearers outside how many had polled— nodding at them significantly *' It's all right," which the exalted Stephenites believed to be tliu case, and sent the news through the town. By two o'clock could be seen a few of his supporters marching about the town under the influence of potations pottle deep, insisting that they had found their political redeemer—probably looking joyfully at the prospect that there would soon be free selection ad libitum over the squatter's runs, fences, wells, tanks, and other improvements, with deferred payments, such as post obit bonds, or only redeemable when the bridge was built ovei the Murray (at or near Moama) which had been promised for the last fifteen years. Three o'clock came—the erowd about the court-house had largely increased, and it grew larger until four, when, at the proper time, the doors of the courthouse were closed—the polling had ended—all the " pot" shots at the squatter had been bad, and justice was satisfied!! In about forty minutes the doors were opened, and the intelligence was given that the poll at Deniliquiu stood as follow :— Stephen 157 Hay 105 Lane I Great cheers then were ^iven for Stephen, who soon marched out of the Court-house first to the telegraph office to announce to the Hon. Henry Parkes that in effect Mr. George Milner Stephen was member for the Murray and for Deniliquin, once the head-centre of the Riverine Council, but now, and in future, to be the headquarters of the Sydney Tite Barnacles, "their heirs and successors for ever." After sending tliis ioyous intelligence to the Sydney Premier, Mr. Stephen made his way to the Royal, lustily cheered as he went along. When about half way between the court house and his hotel, and close to the Highlander Inn, the feelings of a few of his followers were overcome—so four of them crossed their hands, while a fifth lifted up the frail figure of the arch apostle of everbody's liberty, and his own in particular; Mr. Stephen was now formally "chaired," and thus carried in the direction of the Royal Hotel, followed by a number of men and boys, who lustily cheered. At first he declined the honour offered him—feebly protesting against it—crying, "I beg of you, gentlemen, do let me go, do I pray you," but nil the while submitting with much meekness to the greatness thus thrust upon him. At length Saying, ' 1 will ne'er consent '—consented. In this form and shape lie was deposited at the RoyaL As the battle had been pretty well narrowed down to a wsr between an advocate for Sydney influence and a representative for home rule, the Pastoral Times issued bulletins one after another rapidly. The first after Deniliquin returns came from Moama as follows-- Hay 83 Stephen 28 Lane 2 •This forthwith put a damper upon the Stephenites as the Hayites were ahead. Forthwith came the returns from Moulamein— Hay 40 Stephen 12 Lane 1 These were all the returns to be secured by telegrams ; Mr. Hay having thus a strong lead, and the returns for the remaining polling places not being procurable until the officers from thence arrived on Monday night, the Stephenites in Deniliquin were disconsolate enough, as their opponents were secure in a strong majoritj. On Tuesday the deputy returning officers arrived in town with the following results:— Hay. Stephen. Lane. Jerilderie ... 25 ... 16 ... 0 Wanganella... 38 ... 12 ... 0 Conargo ... 15 ... 0 ... 0 Thus all was over but the shouting, Mr. Hay having secured a majority of 151. Mr. Stephen had, during the contest, made great fun of Mr. Hay, by facetiously describing him as " Jennings's baby— though Mr. Stephen had been many times previously beaten by men in like contests, it cannot now, in the decline of his life, be veiy pleasing to be so thrashed by the Boomanoomana infant, who will, no doubt, discharge bis duties with satisfaction to his constituents generally. He has a large amount of good sense, and an abundance of talent. He may not be possessed of the polish of his late opponent, who said that he was deceived by some of his supporters. Before leaving Sydney Mr. Stephen had, so we hear, consulted some of his friends there on the subject of his projected trip to Deniliquin—the Anglican Bishop, we are informed, recommended Mr. Stephen to put himself in communication with some of the leading people of the electorate, but before he could hear from them, he, on hearing the show of hands in his favour at Deniliquin, left for this place on one of these speculative journeys for which he has been famed. He Dever had in the contest the ghost of a chance, nor will any antisquatting candidate have any solid prospect of being returned for a district which is still, and which must for a long time remain mainly dependent upon the squatters. The contest has settled this point beyond cavil—the only hope of the anti-squatting politicians rested on the station employes being faithless to their employers, whereas tliere is no reason to suspect any one of these men of being thus guilty of returning evil for good, because, as a rule—indeed there is no exception to our knowledgo —the men are well paid for their services and well cared for—they are invariably partial to their employers, and if what is reproachfully called " civilization," does not proceed with rapid strides, there is room for the expansion of settlement where care- ful industrious men can do well, but where the loafer must remain a loafer until he can summon up courage to become an honest man and work for his bread. DECLARATION or THE POLL. As had been previously announced, the formal declaration of the poll took place in Deniliquiu Court-house at noon on Wednesday in the presence of a large number of the townspeople. Mr. Hay, the successful candidate, took nis seat on the platform, and was welcomed by cheers. Mr. Stephen did not attend, having left earlier in the dav per coach, en route for Sydney. The Returning Officer, -(Mr. Robert Landale, J.P.) then read returns from the various polling places, as follow : — Hay. Stephen. Lane. Deniliquin ... 105 ... 157 ... 1 Monlameiu ... 40 ... 12 ... 1 Moama .. 83 .. 23 ... 2 Conargo ... 15 ... 0 ... 0 Wanganella... 3R ... 12 ... 0 Jerilderie ... 59 ... 16 ... O Tocumwal ... 49 13 ... 1 Total ... 389 238 S Majority in favonr of Mr. Hay, 151. Tbe Returning Officer then declared Mr. Hay duly elected for the electorate of the Murray, .the declaration being received with hearty cheers. Mr. Hay then rose to return thanks, and was received with loud applause. He sincerely thanked the electors present for the honour which had been conferred upon him, and also desired to thank the electors throughout the whole district. They must, not expect too much from him, but if they gave liirn a fair field, he trusted he would represent their interests in such a way that his election would not give cause for regret. All that he asked for was fair criticism (cheers), and he promised to advocate their just cause until the pledges which he lmd given were accomplished. (Applause). It was hardly to J>e expected that he would go to Sydney so near the close of a session, bnt would take his place in Parliament at the commencement of next session. As to what Ministry he would support, he would only support that Ministry which would do the best for'this district. It was said that "every man had his price." He had a price, ami that price was their bridge and railway. (Applause). In conclusion, he would propose a vote of thanks to the Returning Officer for the impartial manner in-which be had performed the arduous duties of his offica. (Cheers.) Ifr. J. F. Mayger had much pleasnre in seconding the vote of thanks, and stated that Mr. Stephen had requested him to thank those electors who ha.l supported him in this election ; and speaking f«r Mr. Stephen's friends, he (Mr. Mayger) believe 1 they would now gladly support and assist Mr, Hay as their representative, (applause), but if Mr. Hav did not redeem the pledge he had made, he must expect no favour. As one of the scrutineers he had an opportunity ot observing the conduct of the returning officer, and he had acted in a thoroughly impartial manner. He therefore had much pleasure in seconding the vote of thanks. Mr. Jennings said that in the absence of Mr. Lane (who had not met tfith that success wbi' h he expected) or any one to represent him, he (Mr. Jennings) would not be charged with intrusion in thanking, on behalf ofMr. Lane, those electors v ii'> voted in his favonr. He (Mr. Jennings) desired t-> thank those electors who had voted for Mr. Lane. The Returning Officer acknowledged the vote <•' thanks in appropriate terms, and said that the way the Murray election was conducted was an exampio to every electorate in New South Wales. 