PARIS. DECEMBER 30, 1871. [FBOM OUK OWN COBBESPOKDEKT,] Thereappears to be a fresh panic setting in about the bank, and the silver coin which was re-appearing is agair. retiring to its hiding ground. The cause results trum the Govermeutal demands on the national bank, not from auy commercial pressure. The batik 1»»B nearly reached the limit of its legal circulation of paper/and if not empowered tiy the Assembly to extend it, must draw ou its gold which IS being treasured , up for Berlin. The auzilary notes, from one to five francs, are generally received-—tbe railway companies -excepted, because they trade in the premium ou the precious metals. Tbe uotea in question get very soiled—filthy—after A little wear AND tear. Home politics are calmer; the prospects of royalty and impetialism are getting small by degrees. The Legitimists have thrown up tiie game, aud the Orleautsis have lost it. The due D'Auinale is only great iu his chateau at Ciiantilly, where the Priuce de Joinville shares an honorable insignificance, and, following his nautical habits, prefers A hammock TO A bed of down. The Couite de Paris is believed to be Bomewhere iu France. .AS for the Bonapartists, their struggles for public life are visibly weaker. The country has concluded ithey represent no political principle, have only been A Bad fact, and an adventure in history. Bonapartism is viewed as revolutionary, has nothing consserve —not T«I its own- existence, which was shipwrecked iu full calm— " Like SLIIJIS that have gone down at sea, When heaven was all tranquility," And urery nearly sunk Frauce with it. The country (NIL hare nu more governments of of EXPEDIENT^ HAZARD OR occasion. The T£epublic ia laking ROUTV and tbe nation I* feeling tbe advantage of mauajnog their AWU afi&IRA.; M. Thiers desotes. eighteen hours daily to laboring at the good work. . Theie are several vacaucies for tbe Assembly to be filled up in A FEW days.. The candidates SB far are moderate republicans. Paris baa a deputy to .nominate, aud the struggle betweeu the RADICALS aud conservatives is iierce. THE latter invited.Marshal iUcMahoa T» stand, but. with his accustomed honesty -au<L. good • SENSE, BE H«s declined, asserting not »ULY bis position as C*mnuuider- III-Cbief was an objection ; T>ut that a soldier best performs his duty by eschewing politics. The radicals have held A series of canons meetings where the oldelemeuts j i „{ ^ Commune re-apptated. Victor Hugo fieems t0 be the idoL He subscribes to all tbe ! conditions required, even to submitting to a proposed imprisonment if lib breaks faith. It is objected that he is a Viscsunt, that he . once sang the praises of that " ciild of A monarch," the Comte de Chambord, ANI might do so a^aiu. As he is " a man of geuius that illuminates the universe," observed A spe&ktr;, it WAS presumption to discuss him. Ex-geueral Cremer was proposed; be too would subscribe to anything required, and among his p"aus for saving tbe country were the immediate renewal of the war with Gerjoeny, and the bngaud'mg of all the clergy as soldiers—to be commanded by Garibaldi, as an elector suggested. lucid&ntally; it was mooted, that the world Would be delighted to see 11. Thiers imprisoned for life, and the Commune avenged. An orator who cnunenced by observing England bad more "horned cattle" than Fiance, was voted out of order, and requested to retire to almiatic asylum. "General" Cremer was not objected to for having broken •his Tvord of honor with the Prussians, bnt it WAS regarded as A spot on the suu, that he vowed in 1870 to " place his sword ana heart" ever at the service of tbe empirs. Thus Paris is not devoid of amusement; the authorities allowed these patriots to have their say without let or hindrance, and the Seine has escaped from being set on fit e. .. Tbe army is grumbling at the slowness witn which tbe Commission for revisiug the promotions made by Gambetta, is making, and desires much to see Bazuue's trial concluded, against whom the proofs of not doing his duty at Meie became blacker. THE soldiers are a sliade more comfortable in the camps, though they undoubtedly long after the flesh-pots of Egypt— the barrick life of the cities. On Christmas Eve they kept high revels, plenty to eat and drink in honor of the time, and felt they were not only glorious, but o'er &' the ills of life victorious. ,, ,, ,. . It IR currently believed the Courts Martial are still sitting, but so fatigued is the public with their proceedings that the journals only rarely notice tbem. However, tbe government to its credit is freely liberating, after a light investigation, numbers of prisoners on the hulks. The official journal corroborates the discovery of gold in New Caledonia, so that those patriots who ore to leave their country for their country's good for the " fortunate isles are to be envied. There is an intention to send Rossel's father as a deputy to the Assembly as was attempted in the case OT Baudin's brother. It is a sad poliey to trade on the dead—but in France there is uotiiug like HAVING a "body" to trial—A Bauguot ghost. Christmas wos never more observed as a holiday by the French than on this occasionordinarily a Children's feast. It did ones heart good to witness old times coine back again. The churches were well filled with worshippers—duty not fashion, drew many. The midnight masses of the eve were low ouet>, the government fearing to attiact crowds ordered there should be no ciusical pomp. The restaurants and toy shops remained open all night, it is the fashion to sup ou Christmas day oysters and sausages, onion sonp aud truffled delicacies being tbe hill of fare. As _ the children eruect " le ft tit noel to deposit in their tiny shoes ranged before tbe chimney, some ptesetit, the toy shops did a roaring trade. There never were taken up more drunken people, and those who were able to stagger home S-IVED from drinking their week's earnings, a few sous, to purchase tbe expected gratification of their little ones, and nu doubt felt satisfied they had done their duty. The anuual fair on the Boulevards is well patronised; the terrible weather has moderated, and there is no loucrer occasion either tor sledges or boats to paas ALPNG the streets. The " Prussian soldier" looting the goods aud chattels of the Gauls forms tbe popular toy. Now everyone is occupied in sending a card to friends and acquaintances in honor of the pew year, which for rainy is the only EVIDENCE that yon have lived during tbe last 365 days. Of course a present IS anticipated by the youngsters if yon desire to be regarded as a friend, and all tboBe who have ministered to your comfort, or discomfort during 1871 except you are not a sofferer by any monetary crisis; they adopt Damon's maxim—audacity, audacity, always audacity. The post office clerks work night •ANDDAY to send off the mountains of cartes de some characters who assert, theysaredynn? • house and property from being burned under the Commune. HI. Thiers will recognise the sovereignty of the Assembly by first paying a visit to its president, -when the latter wifi drop in on the chief of tbe state—royal fashion—by the time he has reached home. It is the custom in commercial houses to *dont some emblem in honor of the season, which purchasers take away with them. This year tbe eUiguette is a photograph of M. Thiers. There is a congratulatory address being AIMED by the citizens to be presented to the Prince of Wales • on his recovery. The Prince is papular in this country, as be is believed to share iu the sorrows of France as he did iu the good works to relieve her distress. Tbe snow white beard of the Emperor of Brazil is to be met with everywhere. NEXT week he can bid at tbe sale of the imperial kitchen utensils. Two chamber maids—negresses—of his suite and stars in Pari?. A Sad CASE —A very SAD scene tonk place at the Sandridge Police Court on Monday. A woman named June Morrow, who has recently come from tbe Yarra- Band Lunatic Asylum, was charged with bavins used insulting words to A neighbor woman. She was fined 5S and was ordered to pay 6S 6d cos's She was accompanied by three children, and when they SAW her being locked un they- screamed and displayed other symptoms of childish terror and sorrow. They were THEN turned ont of the Court yard, and some of tbe spectators say this was dnne with unnecessary violence. The noise , was so L«ud NS to attract the attention of all those in the court, and asimultaneons rush was. made to the door by those present. In the meantime tbe husband had been informed that, his wife had been Sued, and while on his way to the watch house to PAY tbe fine he was > farther INFORMED that bis children were being . ill-used. WT^en he arrived at the courthouse J yard, he found the children' in an almost hysteric state, and iiaturally '^xcite'D, WAS loud in HIB denunciation of the C^UBTATILE who was ACCUSED of trrating, ,$hem -ICROELLY. He was ordered to leave tbe yard and refused, and ultimately he was seized and rushed to the watch bouse. This of course made the children worse, and some of those present who were by no meaus choice in the way they expressed their opinions about tbe whole matter. A few' minutes afterwards the man was brought before the Bench, charged with refusing to leave the court bouse yard when ordered. The magistrate pointed ont to the police that the court yard: on a court day-was a public place, and that the < man had committed no offence'by being there.: Be was I ben charged with resistiug the police in the execution of their duty, and fined 6s. If the man had A right to be there the police had no right TN assault him, aud why be WR8 fined IS one of those things hard to understand. —Tdegraph. , A lUen HOINL-^THE Daily Telegraph 'el&lea; that tbere should be «-.splendid race, home' between the clinper ships Suffolk and Superb, fur London. The two vessels cleared Port Phillip Heads.ou Monday rooming at B o'ilock and 9 o'clock respectively. The one belongs' FA Messrs Money L\igi»M and Sons, of Blackwall yard, aud the other ie GreeriV well-known Blackwall liner. Both arts, crack veBsrla of their respective fleets. 