THE OPERA. " MACBETH." • On Wednesday evening there was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal to hear Verdi's " Macbeth." A great deal has been Baid about this opera, and high expectations were formed of the musical treat in store for the Adelaide people. It was understood that it would be presented with grand spectacular and mechani cal effects. We may say at once that the opera was put on the stage in a very creditable manner. There were anachronisms in dress and scenery, and yet, as a whole, the effect was good. The banqueting hall, where Banquo's ghost appears, was really a thing of beauty, and was loudly applauded. The " Birnam Wood" scene, in the last act, was much better done than the somewhat limited resources of the Theatre might have led one to expect. The Scottish army, as presented by the " supers," was in truth a motley lot, and the management might suggest to some of the braves that a slight padding about, their legs would be an im provement. The cast was as follows:—Macbeth, Coliva ; Macduff, Coy; Banquo, Dondi; Malcolm, Benso; Physician, Favas; Gentlewoman, Signora Tonrnerie; Lady Macbeth, Signora | Zenonh . The principal part of the work fell upon Coliva and Signora Zenoni, and they both sang and acted with excellent effect. Dondi, also, was especially effective as Banquo. Coy had but little to do, but he did that little I welL The story is substantially that of Shakspeare, though the text is not very closely followed. To say that the music was composed by Verdi is enough to show that it is of a high class. Of course it is tragic throughout, and, in some paragraphs, almost unpleasantly sombre. The concerted music pleased better than the songs, though two or three of these were very fine. The choruses at the close of the first and second acts were especially impressive, possessing all the wild grandeur which is so characteristic .of the composer; and they were rendered in a most creditable way. The choruses of the witches were also impressive, the music harmonising completely with the weird surroundings of the scene. Taken as a whole, the opera produced a grand effect, but we imagine the most of those who heard it for the first time would like to hear it again before pronouncing a final judg ment on it, Any composer turning one of Shakspeare's dramas into an opera has necessarily this diffi culty to contend against—the music is the first consideration ; the sentiment and the acting are made secondary. They, however, who have seen Shakspeare played by a tolerably com petent company, or who have studied him in private, fail to find, however grand the music may be, a realization of their highest concep tions of his genius. If one might say so with out offence, we should say that it is a mistake to adapt "Macbeth" to the lyric stage. The leading performers on Wednesday did their work with undoubted ability ; and, viewed simply as a musical interpretation, " Macbeth" was a success. But the difficulty is in looking j at it solely from the musical point of view. These are our first impressions of the opera. Of course it will be given again, when we hope I to enter more into detail in describing the This evening Verdi's " Traviata" (Dumas' " Camille") will be produced, and from its well- j known character as a pleasing, grand, and, in parts, sparkling composition, is sure to be en joyable with such artists as compose Oagli's I present troupe. To assist those to whom the plot may not be familiar a synopsis is ap pended. Act 1. Room in Violetti's house, in which a | party is being given by the heroine, who, from the loss of her parents in her childhood, has been thrown into a voluptuous way of living, and surrounds herself with gay and thoughtless beings like herself, giving way to a life of | pleasure. Amongst the throng is Alfredo, who becomes seriously enamored of Vio letta. Touched by the sincerity of his "pas sion she yields to its influence ; a new and pure love springs up in her heart, and for the first time she becomes conscious of the misery of i her position and the hollowness of the plea sures in which she has lived. During this act | there are some fine concerted pieces rendered, which break off now and then with fine unisonal | passages, and a most elaborate aria —" Ah forse e lui che l'animata." Act 2. Room in country house near Paris. Alfredo and. Violetta are discovered living in I seclusion, a period of three months having elapsed since the incidents in the previous | act occurred. Alfredo accidentally discovers that Violetta has been selling her property in j Paris in order to maintain this establishment, and revolting at the idea of being dependent | on her bounty, he, to redeem his honor from this disgrace, suddenly leaves for Paris. His father having heard of his whereabouts, arrives at his retre.it just as he has left, and represents | to Violetta the disgrace and ruin which Alfredo's connection with her is sure to bring on the family, inasmuch as the betrothal of his sister to a nobleman was about being renounced by him, the generous girl resolves to sacri fice her affections and happiness for Alfredo's sake, and returns alone to Paris, whither Alfredo in his despair follows her. The scene changes to a saloon in an hotel in Paris, where Alfredo again meets with the object of | his search, and, in ignorance of the generouB motives which prompted her desertion, over whelms her with reproaches, throwing the miniature which she had given him at her feet in the presence of the company. The unfor-1 tunate Violetta, degraded and heart-broken, returns home to die. The "act opens with an ] aria by Alfredo, "De miei bollenti spiriti," with a long stretch of solos, recitatives, duets, and trios, with the stirring choruses of gipsies and matadors, terminating with the glorious septet and chorus, " Oh. quanto peni." Act 3 discovers poor Violetta in her chamber with Annina, her life drawing to a close. Alfredo arrives, but only in time to discover too late the sacrifice she has made to secure his happiness. In his grief and shame he hastens, with his father, to comfort and console her, and offers her his hand and name in reparation of the wrong he has done her, and is too late ; but the purest and highest gleam of happiness which Violetta has ever known gilds her last moments, from Alfredo's assurance of hsr fidelity, and his desire to restore her reputa tion. The last act opens with short recitatives, which are followed by the sweetly flowing aria, "Addio del passato" for Violetta, and an 1 elaborate and stirring duet by Violetta and j Alfredo, terminating with the solos and quar tets. " Prindi quest e l'emmagine." There can hardly be a doubt that this—per haps the most popular of all Verdi's works— will secure a good house. Most of the music in Traviata " has become familiar in every household, and they who have never heard it as a whole will be glad of the oppor tunity of doing so, while they who have heard | it once will wish to hear it again. A lady having recently broken her smelling bottle, her husband, who was very petulant, said to her—" I declare, my dear, everything that belongs to you is . more or less broken." •' True," replied the lady, " for even you are a j little cracked."' 