POETRY. I A NEWPORT ROMANCE. The? Bay that ate died of a broken heart fl tell the tale as 'twas told to me), Bat her spirit lives and her soul is part Of t3"" sad old house by the sea. Her lover was fickle' Ml fine and French ; It was aearl> a hundred years ago xmmrh— . 4tSSSOmiSBSrA . t%e&£&saawg; ?>i Her yont wi . wrapped a shroud TBI oMwghVwhtw8" trte, Sonwl SP««0 ai.t lifted d«wl H?rSwTld hoaM 1 , when the dock strikes two, SESMnnWflen ifrt>m rooha to room, ffT" v ! ' Anholfil fyledthat she pafeijes through TmthasubtlSr Badperfume. «Th« delicate odour of mignonette, TVWrefffiBtiVrf etriead and gone bouquet, Ib all that tells of her story, yet Could shoritigk of a sweeter way ? I smn-the sad .oid-honse te-nighfe— . r , ....... Myself a ghost from a further sea— And I trust that this Quaker woman might, In courtesy, visit me. For the laugh is fled from the porch and lawn. And the bugle died from the fort on the hill, And, the .tetter >): girls on the stairs is gone, Ana the grand piano is still. Somewhere in the darkness a clock strikes two. And there is ho sound in the sad old house, But the long verandah dripping with dew, And in the wainscot & mouse. The -light of my study lamp streams out From the library door, but has gone astray . In fchejdepths ofthe darkened hall. Small doubt But the Quakeress knows the way. Was it the trick of a sense o'erwroughfc Witirbutward watching and inward fret P Buk«wear that the air just now was fraught "With the ododr of mignonette ! I open the window and seem almost— So still lies the ocean — to hear the beat Of ftsGrekt Gulf artery off the coast, Attd to bask in its tropic heat. Tn my neighbour's windows the gaslights five As the dancem swing in a waltz of Strauss, ' And i' wonder now ootdd I fit that air To e song of this sad old house. _ . And no odour-of mignonette there is Bufc thebreath of morn on the dewylawn, Andsnayhap from causes as slight as this TjheJ quaint aid legend is born. But the soul of that subtle sad perfume, As the spiced embalmings, they say, outlast The mummy laid in his rocky tomb, Awakens my buried past. - AndT think of the passion that shook my youth Of its aimless loves and it6 idle pains, And nm thankful now for the certain truth T%at only theweet remains. And 1 hear .no rnstle of stiff brocade, And I see no face at my library door j For now that the ghosts of my heart are laid, She is viewless for evermore. But wh ether she cam e as a faint perfume, Or whether a spirit in stole of white, I feel as Ppass from the darkened room She ban bean with my soul te-night. <; BSETHabte. 