WAGGA WAG G A. POLICE, COURT. "<>.»{,. WEDNESDAY, ' Nov. 27. .> /.; * : (Befoi'e the Police Magistrate.) Dii'ttintENNESS.- James O'Pray.'.whp^pleaded guilty to being drunk in a public!place,',*u. cautioned -anti discharged; ' ."/ ..r STEALING A. GOI/D OnATK ANDJMOWEV. Richard Hart was brought up on a charge o£ Stealing a gold chain, the property of one .Tohn Hall. Prom the evidence, it appeared that the prosecutor and prisoner had'been, drinking together at Croker's public-house. Hall had on him at the time a gold chain and two £1 notes. After indulging in a drop too much he laid down to sleep, and on awaking discovered that he had been robbed. Ha then gave information to the police, and Constable Patterson arrested the prisoner at the Farmers Home public-house. On search ing him the constable found the chain (which was identified by Hall as his property), together with one £ I note and some silver. The prosecutor could -lot identify the note, and was not very clear as to whether ho had not spent the money himself. The prisoner, who offered no defence, was fully committal . to take his trial at the ensuing sessions. TnunsDAY, Nov. 28. (Bifore the Police Magistrate.) LARCENY- FROM THE PERSON1. - The two men, M'Carthy rind Griffin, charged with stealing five £1 note3 from the person of James Lewis. were brought up on remand ; and in the absence of the necessary witnesses the case was further postponed till Friday. STEALING BLANKETS.-John Lawler ,was charged with stealing a pair of blankets, the property of James John O'Donnell. It seems that both the prisoner and prosecutor, who was engaged as assistant groom at the Com mercial Hotel, had slept together in the loft. Prisoner Went out early in the morning to join Mr. Broutjhtou's camp, and O'Donnell shortly after missed his blankets. ' Sergeant Carroll arrested the prisoner at the camp. He denied all knowledge of the blankets, but they were ultimately found in the tent, and identified by the owner. Another man named Phillips had slept in the tent on the' blankets, which ho declared had been lent to him by Lawler the night previously. The Bench considered the charge proved, and sent.the prisoner to gaol for three months. FRIDAY, NOV. 29. (Before the Police Magistrate.) DRUNK.-A woman named Mary Newton was charged with drunkenness, which- she attributed to taking a nip to keep off cold, as she was wet through. As this was the first offence, she was cautioned and discharged. LUNACY. - Patrick Mac O'Sullivan was . charged with being of unsound mind.' On being asked his name, he said ho believed himself to bo the Almighty God, and that lie was called the Messiah. The meaning of "Mao O'Sullivan" was "the son of God." He pleaded riot guilty to the charge; The apprehending constable stated that the un fortunate man had beeti wanderiiig abdutthe town with liia face and arms blackened, with no hat and no boots, and generally con ducted himself like a lunatic, He said that as this was a free country he had a perfect right to black his face, especially as lie was the Messiah of the Holy Ghost. Dr. Robin son, who had examined O'Sullivan. deposed that he had no doubt as to his insanity, and considered he had been a lunatic for a length of time. The Bench required defendant to find sureties, himself in £20 and two others in £10 each, for his good behaviour. The hail not being forthcoming, O'Sullivan was taken to the gaol. La.nc 1;ny FP.oir TUG PfiTtsoif. - John M'Carthy and Thomas Griffin wore again brought up on remand. Mr- Fitzhardinge, who appeared for the prisoners, cross . examined prosecutor Lewis, and elieited that the £2 he had of his own, before being paid by Mr. Mate, was money which a mat? named Bradley gave him in return of a loan about six weeks. ago ; on" his way . to Mr. Mate s picked up a swagsman, a German ; swore distinctly that he did not tell this man ho had no money at all - admitted that he had been convicted of a crime, stealing a £5 note, and was imprisoned in Goiilburn faol; had been drinking at the house where e was robbed from Thursday morning till Friday night, but was not "to say " drunk; and had not been to sleep during the day. John Lancashire, landlord of the inn at Tar cutta, deposed that he recognised the prose cutor and both the prisoners, having seen them at his house drinking on the 22nd; remembered Lewis accuse Griffiu of robbing * him, and after this there »ras a row between them ; Lewis never complained to witness at all about ijhe matter ; did not take any steps on hearing of the robbery. In answer to ' Mr. Fitzhardinge, Mr. Lancashire said Lewis was not positively drunk, but was the worse, for liquor; he did not tell witness . anything about having any money about him ; another man who slept in the sameiro'om with Lewis! ? accused him (prosecutor) with having-robbed .him of £2; the constable was there eat ;tbej j time ; that was after Griffin; and M.'.Carthyi were given into custody. In j answer;; to! prosecutor, Mr. -.Lancashire said he'saw; him! put some money into a bag; aud; was,aware' ? that lio' had at least £3 in notes on theidayi, previous to the alleged robbery.^Edwardr Doyle, who had been summoned at the? request of prisoner M'Carthy, .deposed-that] he went down to the public-house with' M'Carthy, and was with-him all the time, lie; was there ;. lie (M'Carthy) did not hustlei Lewis as described by him, and conld have: had nothing ta do with the robbery; told; Lewis he dul not believe he had been robbed! at all, and Lewis said if the men would make! up thirty shillings amongst them for lnin he; would say nothing more about , it, but; "slither." The Bench thought there was no evidence against M'Carthy, who was accord-] ngly discharged, and Gnflin was committed: o take his trial at the next.sessions. . . j 