The Celebrated Captain Kidd. THE correspondent of the New York Tribune who writes the interesting articles entitled " Summer Haunts," which occasionally appear in that paper, relates some particulars respecting Captain Kidd which have a certain interest. The paper also contains other curious details respecting early occurrences in America. The writer says : — I have been walking over the hills and through the beautiful valleys of the Narragansetts, where two cen- turies and a half ago the red men belonging to the tribe whose name alone is left to tell of their existence were the manor lords. I have found the place full of romance and tradition, and the inevitable and essen- tially requisite ghost story is not wanting. I have stood upon the spot where the "great swamp fight" of 1675 took place, which was a fatal battle for the Narra- gansetts. Canonchet, the last chief of a brave nation, whose father was Miantonomi—after whom Mr. Gideon Welles named a monitor—being taken by the whites and condemned to death, exhibited a grandeur of character which induced a chronicler of cotemporary times to say that some " old Roman ghost possessed the body of this Western pagan like an Attilius Regulus." "I like it well," said Canonchet, when told of the sentence, " that I shall die before my heart grows soft, and I have said anything unworthy of myself." I have stood upon ground which has been pressed by the feet of tho pirate Kidd, who was a familiar of this neighbourhood ; his places of resort are still shown, and numerous holes in the ground of "Wilson's Woods" and elsewhere, dug by credulous searchers after his hid- den treasures, are still visible. A few years ago a sword- hilt was dug up in a field near the "pier," on which was engraved the name of Artemas Gould, who was one of Kidd's lieutenants. Twenty- eight of his crew were hung on one gallows at Newport a three-cornered gallows— and two of the carpenters who had helped to build the gallows were afterwards hung for murdering their wives. Kidd's men were buried below high-water mark on the beach at Goat Island, and within the memory of the older inhabitants here some of the coffins were cast up by the action of the sea, and the skeletons exposed, Newport was once a great resort for pirates and slave traders, and it was to their lawless chieftains that the famous ballad of Captain Kidd—a strange compound of doggerel and wild, rugged pathos—was addressed :— O ye captains, brave and bold, hear our cries, hear our cries, O ye captains, brave and bold, hear our cries : O ye captains, brave and bold, though ye seem all uncon- trolled. Do not, for the sake of gold, lose your souls, lose your souls. My name was Robert Kidd, when I sailed, when I sailed, My name was Robert Kidd, God's laws I did forbid, And so wickedly I did, when I sailed. And further on : I'd a Bible in my hand, when I sailed, when I sailed. I'd a Bible in my hand, by my father's great command, And I sunk it in the sand, when I sailed. (I quote from memory, and am not probably perfectly correct.) Then I've seen the spot where was born Gen. Nathaniel Greene, of Revolutionary me- mory. It is about four miles away; and within the same distance was born Gilbert Stuart, whose great painting of Washington is historic. Now, it was after this manner that Gilbert Stuart came to be born in Narragansett. About 125 years ago, a gentleman came hither from Scotland, by name Moffatt, and by profes- sion a physician. Dr. Moffatt, however, could not make his way among the plain Quakers, who, at that time, constituted the larger portion of the inha- bitants. He was learned, but not popular. So, tobacco being a product here. Dr. Moffatt took to its cultivation, and bethought him to build a snuff-mill ; but he could find no one here competent to construct the building. He, therefore, wrote to Scot- land, and procured the services of a millwright, by name Gilbert Stuart, who built the mill according to his desires—the first in New England. Gilbert soon married Miss Elizabeth Anthony, the daughter of a well-to-do farmer ; and of this marriage came Gilbert Charles Stuart, the painter, so christened ; but who, however, in after life, subscribed himself Gilbert Stuart, omitting his middlename. The house in which he was born still stands. Near the summit of Tower Hill, a mile from the pier, stands a little building in which George Fox, the founder of the sect of Friends, or "Quakers," has more than once preached. It is upon the old post-road between Boston and Philadelphia. Formerly this was the chief highway between New England and the South, over which there was once a vast deal of travel ; and it is not very startling perhaps to observe that this road has been traversed by Wash- ington and Franklin. And there are tombstones in the old burying-ground, near by, which have stood the assaults of time for two centuries and more. And a mile or so distant from the building and burial-place just mentioned, is a stone set in one of the fences—nearly all the fences in this part of Narragansett are built of " niggerhead stones"— which bears in rude figures the date 1741. Now this date commemo- rates a murder of so curious a character, committed at that spot, in that year, that I give you the story " as 'twas told me." About 1740, Carter was captain of a vessel in the coasting trade that sailed out of Newport. He encountered a dreadful storm off the coast of South Carolina, and his vessel was wrecked. But Carter and his crew escaped with their lives ; and Carter himself started on foot for his home in Newport. After a day or two he was overtaken by Jackson—a North Caro- linian—who was on horseback, with a bundle of furs strapped to the horn of his saddle, bound for Newport, Rhode Island, to make sale of his furs. Think of it : 700 or 800 miles on horseback to sell 200 dollars, or 300 dollars, worth of furs ! What a journey ! But I won't moralize. Jackson, with genuine hospitality, see- ing Carter's condition, and learning his destination, proposed to make him a companion, and alternate riding and walking with him ; to which, of course, Carter gladly consented. So the two jogged on together, and in mid-winter, in the afternoon, came to the home of Mrs. Coombs, a widow, who entertained them hospitably, and sent them on their way. It was a moonlight night; snow on the ground—for it was an old-fashioned winter and bitter cold, when Carter and Jackson reached the summit of Tower Hill, in sight of Newport. Jackson was on horseback, it being his turn to ride. Carter stooped down and picked up a stone. Jackson said, " I hope you are not going to kill me." But Carter struck him from the horse, and Jackson, though somewhat stunned, started to run. At that point of the stone wall where the date "1741" is inscribed, Carter overtook poor Jackson and killed him. Then he dragged the body down Tower Hill to a pond at the foot of it, and finding a hole in the ice, thrust the body of the hapless, generous Jackson through it, into the water beneath ; and, taking the dead man's horse and furs, pursued his way into New-port. This pond is about 300 rods to the north-west of the house in which Govern- nor Sprague now lives. Time passed on. The spring opened, and some negroes went to fish in the pond in which Jackson's body was sunk. One of the hooks got entangled in the clothing, and the body was dragged to land. At that time there was a considerable settlement on Tower Hill, and court was in session there, and primitive Rhode Islanders had congregated from forty miles around. One of the negroes gave the alarm. The court adjourned, and judges, lawyers, and spectators hastened to see the dead—among others, Mrs. Coombs. This good lady recognised Jackson by a button she had sewed upon his vest when he and Carter were at her house in the winter. The sheriff went to Newport, and arrested the murderer while caressing his child. He confessed the crime, and described the circumstances of it, and was hung and gibbetted near the spot where the cruel murder was committed. But enough. All about here are nuts for the curious. The locality is full of interest, and a visit here may always be amply repaid. ===== The Singleton letter of the Maitland Mercury reports that scarlet fever has made its appearance in Singleton within the last few days, brought here no doubt from Maitland and Newcastle, where it has been raging for some time past. Colds, bronchitis, and other complaints are now very prevalent in this district, caused no doubt by recent atmospheric changes. The Hawke's Bay Herald hears " that there is a native at present at Paki Paki who has started business is a prophet and miracle-worker, and is doing a roaring trade. Any person brought to him who is afflicted with any malady of not a very severe character, he cures right off. If the disease is too obstinate to be thus dealt with, he can, at least, inform the patient when it will leave him or finish him, as the case may he. He has foretold we learn further, that small-pox will break out at Poverty Bay and Wairon on the 20th October. When that takes place, he promises to all those natives who will come to him—and, we presume, deposit a consideration—that he will make his gods surround them with a charmed ring, and that then they can go even where the small-pox is raging without the slightest risk of infection. He is regarded by many of the natives as a second Jesus Christ." 