. . .- ' KEYS OF LIFE. ' Peter seeing him saith. to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do ? Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee 1 Follow thou Me.'— John xxt. 21, 22. Most of us are familiar enough with that dear old household book, the Pilgrim's Progress, to remember the account of, the misery of Christian and Hopeful .in the dungeon of Giant Despair's castle: how they lay bruised and famished, and shut out from the light, and without hope, till suddenly they bethink them of trying a certain key called Faith, which they possessed, when at once the lock of their gloomy prison-house turns, the massive door swings open, and they find themselves let out once more into the joyous light and free air of heaven. Now, there are certain passages of Scripture which may be called the keys of life. You know how a housekeeper in a rich man's dwelling' has to carry about her a bunch of keys. Among others, there is the key of where the food is kept, there is the key of the store-room, and there is the key of the linen-chest. Now, there are some verses in the 'Bible which may be called the keys of our Father's house ; and it is a great thing to carry them always about us, that we may not only hear but act on the gracious words, ' Son, thou art ever with Me, and all that I have is thine.' It is of no use that there is food in the cupboard, if the door is locked and wo can't get at it. Yet how many Christians live in all the plenty of their Father's house, and are half- starved, joyless things, because they have lost or forgotten the keys which would open the locked doors of comfort and strength ! There's the key of spiritual refreshment when one is weary and tired — ' Let not your heart be troubled : ye believe in God, believe also in Me. In my Father's house are many mansions. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place-for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also' (John xiv. 1-3). There are the keys of the divine cordials — ' I will never leave thee nor forsake thee ' (Heb. xiii. 5). ' For I the Lord thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not, I will help thee.' ' My grace is sufficient for thee : for my strength is made perfect in weakness ' (2 Cor., xii. 9). There is the key of the balm of Gilead — ' The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin.' ' If any man sin, we have an Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous : and He is the propitiation for our sins ' (John ii. 2). But one of the most precious of these Scripture keys — that which I have found open many a dark dungeon door of doubt and difficulty, and let me out into the broad sunshine of God's love; which has unlocked mauy a fetter from hand and foot, and set me free to serve God— is this verse—' What is that to thee ? follow thou Me.' The subject, therefore, that I mean to take with you is some of your working men's difficulties, and I want to see whether this verse will not give a key to unlock them. But perhaps yours is not a mind that is troubled with speculative difficulties, as Ave call them; difficulties that spring from thinking. No; your work has not' been of a kincl°to leave you much time for troubling your head about such things; your difficulty is of a more practical kind. There is something in your lot which troubles and perplexes you. You say if you were but differently placed, you would love to follow Christ. But you have got such a bad, uncom fortable home, or your work lies among such^ a rough lot, or your business takes you so much to the public-house, or you have such a large family to provide for. You long to follow Christ and be a different man; why is it, then, you ask, that there is always something to beat you back? My brother, all these questionings are a mere ' turning about ' from the paths of life and duty. Sternly your Saviour says to you, 'What is that to thee? Followtfwzt Me.' You have not got the ordering of your life — that rests in His hands; ' what is that to.thee?' What you have got to do is just to follow, and be like Him, in that life which He has given,, not to another but to thee — ' follow thou Me,' thou, with those very difficulties which go to make up thy life. One man, as in the Lord'3 words to Peter, is young and strong; he girds himself, he walks whither he would, he has no falls and few trial.?, he has a free course to serve , his God, with everything in his favour, fights in the van of the fight, and glorifies God in his death. Another man has ' to tarry till he comes;' to tarry for years on a sick bed, a martyr to pain and disease ; to tarry for a life time in the midst of agonising home trials, and temptations which make it a hard fight for him every inch of the way. to the grave; to tarry for years and years fighting with sickness and trouble, before he can clear, himself from, debt, or struggling with some temptation he has in his own body: what then?. Does not the Lord say to thee, my brother, and to me, ' If I will this-, or, will that, what is that to thee? Follow Thou Me'? ' \\\ \ ? ./ ] , Our life is much like crossing in a ferry. The chain lies under water. It is only as you follow it that the links of the' chain rise bright and glittering into the light. So it is only in following on to know the Lord that the links of the chain of Providence, which now. we cannot see, will become mani fest to U3. It is in ' following,' not in questioning, that our path becomes one that- shine fch more aud more to the perfect day. Follow, only follow. If you cannot follow Him for a month, then try and follow Him for. one day at a time. Don't look beyond that one day. Pray for strength to get. through that one day rightly. Eead your Bible and grasp God's pro mises for that one day. Struggle' to act like Christ, and to be Christ's, for that one' day. ' Quit you like a man,' be strong for that one day. One of the deepest Christians I know, livedj I think I may say, for seven years in this way, a day at a. time, not daring to look beyond that one day of temptation and trial. She has long ago been made more than conqueror : and so will you be, if you will only not argue, not make excuses, not struggle, not rebel, but simply follow — yes, despite of all falls aud failures, still keeping on and following Him. ' What is that to thee ? follow thou Me.' But now I come to what seems to me the great difficulty of working men — the sins and inconsistencies of professing Christians. Now, mind you, I don't go with all you say on this subject. Only let a wheaten stack remain a good wheaten stack, fit for the food of man, and it will attract very little notice in its quiet corner of the field. But only let it be set on fire of the devouring element, and be blackened into a loath some ash, then what a stir there will be about it, then what a rushing out of the streets to see it ! So the con sistent Christian attracts very little notice — you hear nothing of him. But let a man become a backslider, let him once more be set on fire of hell, and what a noise there will be about him ! ' That's what comes of your religion.' ' I knew he'd turn back.' ' A deal of good all that cant does a fellow.' Men are so taken up with the one rick on five, that they forget the ten others that are all right on the other side of the field. But granting there are terrible stumbling-blocks of tin s kind, how sternly the Lord says to you, when you plead them as an excuse for your making no profession, li What is that to thee? Follow thou Me.' Why, you might as well refuse to feed your body with bread and meat till all the clocks in the town strike twelve at the same time, as refuse to feed your soul with the bread of life till all discussions in religion and all inconsistencies in Christians are over. Why, man, if all the clocks in the world were wrong, would that put the sun wrong, or alter the time of his rising or setting? So as long as you have the Sun of Kighteousness to follow, whatever the inconsistencies of professing Christians, can't you follow Him? Does He ever tell you to follow us ? Does He not say, ' What is that to thee? Follow thou Me ?' ' There are many,' says Luther, ' who believe for my sake; but they alone are the right believers who abide in the faith, even though they heard that Luther had denied and abjured it. Those are they who never trouble themselves about any wicked story they hear of me or of others. For they believe not on Luther, but on Christ himself. Luther may be what he pleases, a booby, or a knave; or a saint. I myself do not know Luther, and I preach nothing of him but of Christ.' Ob, but you say, ' I know religion is a good thing if one can act up to it. But look at So-and so ; he goes to the Lord's Table, and I met him a few days ago' rolling drunk. I have seen so much of this kind of thing, that I think it better not to make any pro fession.' My brother, because out of the whole number of shops here, a good number fail, would you make that a reason for not setting up in business yourself, if you had a mind to do so? Ah, if you had a mind! .Is it not honestly that you have no mind to follow Christ, that you make the failure of others an excuse for not making a start? And when you plead before the judgment-seat, ' Lord, Thy servants- were such arrant hypocrites, that I thought-it best not to profess to love Thee, not .to pretend to serve thee,' how will you meet your Lord's answer, ' What was that to thee? Did I not say, Follow thou Me'? % But now one word to you who have made a start for the kingdom of heaven, and are to follow Christ; -for1 the same difficulty applies to you. You don't think it necessary to go to the Lord's table ; you look at others, and you dread lest, if you become a communicant, you too might be as inconsistent as they. I think I hear the Lord saying to you, ' What is that to thee ? Follow thou Me.'-'- Did the Lord Jesus, or did He not, take bread, and after He had broken it say, ' This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of Me'? If He did, how can you follow Him, do as He did, and not 'do this'? Peter had 'turned about' when he began asking about others. He had taken his eye off his Master. You cannot look to others and look to Jesus at the same .time. ?Ask not what others may be who go the Lord's Table — the Lord says to you, ' What is that to thee ? Follow thou Me,' and '' This do in remembrance of .Me.' And now, in conclusion, I want to dwell a few moments on that little word Me. Have you ever thought of the wondrous love that lies in it? Have you ever thoughtthat God might have contented Himself in giving us. the law, the law of right, and requiring us on pain of death to follow it? But no, the tender Shepherd himself goes before ' His sheep. You know an American Indian will trace a^ man for miles and miles ? right across a desert, by what he calls his trail, where his foot has just bent a few blades of grass, where in passing he has broken a bough or brushed aside a few withered leaves, where he has left the blackened ash of the fire with which -he has cooked his food; nothing escapes the Indian's keen sight. And sometimes, when a chief wants his servant to follow him, he will purposely leave a trail, breaking a twig here and a bough there as he journeys. So our Kedeemer has done for you and me, Himself .passing through the wilderness of this. world. Wherever there is a hard and flinty bit of the road to heaven, which we must tread to be saved, there He has tracked the way for us with His own bleeding footsteps. Wherever the sharp, thorny brambles of life rend and wound us — 0 look you ! half the bough has been broken off, and has gone to adorn the Master's brow with thorns, piercing His brow that they may not pierce our feet. Wherever the path runs through the green pastures of blessing and home quietness, there the garments of His love have bent the pleasant grass as He passed by, and there beholding how He has prepared our way before us, we can worship and adore. And still the face of love and sorrow turns, and still the tender Shepherd's voice is heard, seeing us shrink from this difficulty or tremble at that danger, ' 0 thou of little faith, what is that to thee ? Fear not; I will hold thee by thy right hand; follow thou Me.' Oh, my brother, there is life in this following, there is rest in this following — rest for the weary, rest for thee. Oh, that each one of you may grasp this golden key of life, shutting hell and opening heaven for you — 'What is that to thee? Follow thou Me.' And may we each one of us resolve to follow Him more closely, obey Him more unquestioningly, and have more of the Indian's keen eye for our Master's track through this wilderness world; and if there be any truth in prayer, any power in the Holy Ghost, resolve to follow Him even to the death, in the words of the exquisite hymn : — ' Lead, kindly Light, amid the encircling gloom, Lead Thou me on ; The night is dark, and I am far from home, Lead Thou me on y Keep Thou my feet ; I do not ask to see The distant scene ; one step enough for me I' And may we from henceforth, offering up our bodies and our souls to Him who loved us, and gave Himself for us, say, with, all the difficulties, and dangers, and trials of the Christian life full in view, ' Entreat me not, I beseech Thee, to leave Thee, or to return from following ' after Thee : for whither Thou, goest, I will go; and where Thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and Thy God my God.'— People1? Magazine., ; ? ♦- ? 