THE QUARTER'S REVENUE. The quarter's account of the revenue recently published is more satisfactory than any that it has been our duty to analyse for some time past. The gross increase, as compared with the corresponding quarter of the previous year, amounts to £192,369, while the decreases do not exceed £23,760, leaving a net increase on the quarter of £168,609 — an increase which, if maintained at the same rate for the two remain ing quarters of the year, will give a much larger revenue than was calculated upon, and which will, unless it be absorbed in additional expen diture make a respectable hole in that deficit which, like the Wandering Jew, seems as if it never would die, and is for ever turning up in various shapes to haunt all our financial state ments. The increase is distributed pretty generally over all the sources of revenue, but the great bulk of it is of course secured from about half a dozen principal sources. The land revenue is the great contributor. Stimulated probably by the rise in the price of wool which has put unexpected funds in the pockets of many squatters, the quarter's receipt for land sales has very nearly touched £100,000, which is more than £50,000 better than last year. Tin and gold have also been pouring by anticipation a portion of their profits into the Treasury; so that, while in the second quarter of last year scarcely £250 was paid for mineral leases, in the same quarter of this year there has been a pay ment of nearly £30,000. The leases of auriferous lands, too, have similarly increased, and the quarter's receipt has advanced from £466 to over £9 000. There is also an advance on the balances of conditional purchases, and on some other small items, the general result being that the land revenue for the quarter has increased over that of the same quarter in 1871 by £94,427 ; that is to say, the 'land revenue alone accounts for considerably more than half of the increase in the quarter's revenue, and leaves only £74,000 -0 be accounted for under other heads. Out of this remainder the Customs revenue I accounts for £55,728. The Murray Hirer I Customs, which appears as an item under this I general heading shows an increase of £6272 ; I but we must bear in mind that this is an ap- ? parent rather than a real increase, for we bring I to book the actual collections on the frontier, I and contrast them with the amount acci- I dentally brought to account last year as re- I ceived during that particular quarter from the I Government of Victoria. What we have col- I lected during the quarter has been £12,203. I What we used to receive from Victoria was I £60,000 a year, or at the rate of £15,000 I a quarter, less rebate. Therefore we have not I actually collected an average quarter's amount I during the quarter, and this is owing as every I one understands to the anticipation of trade, B and restraint of trade, caused by the restora- B tion of the Customs frontier. Whether an B actual collection of duties would ultimately I bring us more revenue than we have received, I is at present a moot point. All we wish to I point out in this connection is that it would 8 be delusive to take the increase under this B head as a bona fide improvement in our revenue B to that extent. But leaving this out, there is B still an increase under the other lines of B £49,456. Some of this increase is perhaps B due to the arrival during the quarter of several B large vessels from London, but much of it is B also from increased consumption. Intoxicating B liquors have given an additional revenue of B about £19,000; tea and coffee about £5500. B The new specific duties have given over B £10,000, and the ad valorem duties have also H improved to the extent of £10,000. In fact, B there seems clear evidence that the improved Bl condition of the colony has begun to tell B favourably on the Customs revenue, and it B seems reasonable to suppose that this improve- B ment will continue. B The gold revenue has yielded £4462 addi- B tional, or £9414 for the quarter. This is at the B rate of over £36,000 for the year, and the bulk B of it is derived from the duty on gold. This, B of course, is additional to the amount received B for miners' rights, business licenses on the ? gold-fields, and leases of auriferous lands ; B and these three items would, according B to the last quarter's return, give us nearly K £50,000 a year, so that if the present rate B should be kept up, we may say that the gold- H fields are turning in a revenue of about B £85,000 a year. How much they are costing B we cannot at present calculate. B The increase of revenue from intoxicating B liquors is accompanied by a corresponding B increase of the amount received for licenses to B retail fermented and spirituous liquors, and B which this quarter furnishes an additional B £4000. What there is to set off against this B we leave the teetotallers to calculate. B The general stir in business has naturally B made the Post Office more active, and we see B the result in the fact that the former has an B increased revenue for the quarter of £2200, and B the latter of about £3900. For a similar rea- B son we look to find an increase in the railway B receipts, and are not disappointed, B there being an advance of no less B than £14,000. In fact the quarter's B receipts amount to £94,000, the largest B amount ever yet received. How far the increase B has been absorbed by additional working ex- B penses, and how much of the apparent is net B revenue, we have no present means of stating, H and on that point must await further light when H we get a report from the Commissioner for Rail- B ways. B 'The increase under the head of Stamps is H not much more than £1000, which is less than B we should have expected, considering the enor- H mous amount of business there has been in the H| transfer of shares in mining claims and com- B panies. B The gross receipts for the quarter have been £679,542, and as the gross expenditure has B been £826,090, it might seem as if, prosperous B as we are, we have been outrunning the con- H Btable. But this is net the case, inasmuch B as, though no part of the charge for the H half-year's interest for the general debt H comes into this quarter, there has H come a charge for taking up Treasury B Bills to the amount of £343,200, and ? also debentures to the amount of £1000. K Deducting these as special charges, the ex- B penditure was £481,890. The debentures H taken up were balanced by others sold to H replace them, and on the sale of which there H was a good profit. B It has b'een said that there is always H somewhere a skeleton in a closet, and this ? flourishing financial statement has one ^ page H which unpleasantly reminds us of that inces- ? santly haunting ghost — the Deficit. If we had H not been guilty of foolish extravagance some H years ago, or if during the nine succeeding H years we had patiently been paying off the H legacy it left us, our finances would now na^e H been on. a very satisfactory footing. As it is, ? we. still have to endure in our balance-shee , ? the sight of a column headed debit-balances. H The result of the quarter's operations, ? however,, has been considerably to reduce H the ?debit-balance with which the quarter ? opened. At its beginning, the Consoli- ? dated Revenue Fund was in debt to tn H Loan and Trust Funds to the amount w ? £367,364. At the conclusion of the quarter this ? debt was reduced to £165,806, being an un* ? provement to the amount of £200,000. J*'* ? although this particular fund is in debt, tne ? Government has plenty of money at the bank. H There is nearly half a million of loan moHey ? still unexpended, and nearly half as much trust-money, making altogether a credit of £743,205. Deducting the portion of this that has been borrowed by the Consolidated Revenue, there still remain cash and securities to the amount of £577,399. This is all in hand and available, but it must be remembered that it entirely consists of borrowed money and trust money, and that there is not all to the credit of these accounts that there ought to be, inasmuch as there is still some lent to the Consolidated Revenue fund, and which will be repaid as the latter gets into a better condition. 