RITUALISM INiTASMANtA L. " .p Fresh alarm appears to have been ti caused amongst the laity of the Church I of England in Tasmania by alleged i attempts on the part of certain members o of the clergy to introduce ritualism and other practices of the Roman Catholic ti Church ipit their ministrations. The i same clergymen are also accused, it would seem, of circulating objectionable I books, in which the doctrines of trail- t substantiation and auricular confession I are advocated. On Wednesday, 24th 1 inst., a deputatiou waited upon the s Bishop of T'asmania (tile Right Rev 0. b 11\. Bromby), at Bishop's court, I1obart .t Town, to presetnt ia memorial` of. tile; laity on the subject. Tilhe deputation u consisted of the lion Dr Crowther, b l1.L.C,, thle IIon A. Kenartley, M;L.C., It lMessrs W. ltelbin, 'M1.I.A., T. \Yest' I boiokl, J.P., C. 0. Abbott, '\\. ;tlamil- p ton, 1l. L.:' Roberts,tJ. Sly, iiid'T.Noh li n From the report " in the 1lobart Tolbai( llercury (of which the' folloiting is ali t, abridgement), the bishop seems quite f prepared to defend'his subordicntes:- f Dr, Crowther,' addressilg the bishopl , said 'they,'ias a detip itiion, had been n requested to wait on him to-present the g Iehoriall, ?olich had been sigiied by I upwards .of 800 laymen, all profesised Uembers of the .Church: of England. latny, others would, have siguned-the It memnorial had. they .been solicited, but b tht'800sigentures wero strictly those of a mombers of the church, who 'took'" 'a deep interest in ite' welfiife, ntid were a desirous that true dobctriio iitd Christian p principle should be carried out iii the diocese. I [Amongst tlhe signatures were those of tabout a dozen ' meiibers 'f ':Pi'tha. I aient.] ~t ,.,The.Bishop, after some preparatory I remarks. (in which hd spoke :in defence g o; the chplain ofi "the::Port Arihur, I penial establiehmeut, the : Rev. "lIr 'Hay ward; whose 'conducti bd' - beien' dis 'approved of),; rcada"'reply,'the principal portionus of wh'ich are as follow --" My t dear. Brethren in - Christ,-You "itate ii that you 'are led to believe ihat somet practices and' ceremodlies of a ."stipersti- i tious ' chiracter, 'and' 'coitrary 'to the 1 doctrine and usage ofthe Church of; 'E.gland, are beginnitig to take rimot in I. this diocese.' You bhse,.this. belieft upon two grounds-firt,.on the ground t that, as you allege, certain, books 'were 'shown to be in use ; and secoodljy;that I ' certain statet?euts, openly made in the' synod, were uuchallenged.": . I have ouce more to repeat thata bishop of our.t church possessesuno" power, whatever to t interdict the use of books Bhich aclergy-. masnay fin d profidtblei i,, his private I ministratiouns "A bishop's interferencec where no law of the church .has beetn broken would be properly resisted is au abitrary' exercise '' f 'irresponsible authority.' -"li "'conipliiihcce;? however, with aln xpireied 'desire of the'synod, and for the quiid'ii- of. doubts, I have al'raidy, jna' pastial letter, recommend. ed the clergy to refraii from making use of all books whatever which: cou tahined nmitter that in. essence or caistjmf tlougt wan alr l.ed" to uird' \tho honest scruples of their brethren or thelir flocks. 2. No attempt during"" the session of synod was :tiade to show that any of our clergy had used' the object= ionable portions of the books specified, although several readily tsdmitted that oite of these two books at least was in their possession and partial use.: You nust call to mind that the statements which were then made were 'so vague and uncircumstautiat as to be incapable of being ' challenged,' and ought not, therefore, ' in my judgement,' to be accepted as proof than 'iy practiece or dereindnies of a, superatitiouis character are beginning, to take "root, in.. this diocese.' Unwarrantable ; insinuations were indeed uttered "at the synod, followed by others still more persoimn and libellous, which appeared in the shape of annoymous newspaper letters.' Since these slanders, which have' beeni proved to be utterly untrue,,have not been recalled, as niwnly courage and Christian caudour dictate,:it.is not very surprising that a panic should go abroad of which this memuorial is, the natural sequel.- In conclusion, I' beg solemnly to assure you that you Ceaunot dislike! superstitious, as opposed to r eailly reveient, practices in Divine, worship more than I d; you may rely upo:: it that I shall be, at all times, ready 'to use the authority which' belotig's ti' by office for the removal of'all 'reasonable grounds of alarm, whether i' ono direc tion or another, Whenever real occasion may arise. But I can iever consent to abridge that measure of toleration, which, in these days of freer thought aid larger liberty,.is allowed to indi. vidual clergymei nld their, congrega tionts in the muothcrihurch 'from which I received mny niasioln us your 'bishop. This principle of cinistitutional freedom, which attaches the Church of England to my own heart, ind which formusomie of the truest links between iheo 'inoiher and the daughlter chilrpmeu,,hhs e'ver beeii itid 'will contiiue to ,.be the principlle that will ever guideeme in.the administrations of the diocese.' A disrcussiotu followed the' irediig of the reply. ''' Dr Crowther rose to. support the memorial Olt behalf of the deputation the pIersonsu who had signed it; atnd he could not aillow it to piss a'without giv'' ig exlpru3ssiqn to his own ll opiion of that which was stated by. the inemorihl itts that improper books were used, aid that they were kld to beholve that some practices atid cerenlonies of a 'upersti. tious character, tand countrary to' t?e doctrie' and usage of the Churci of Englhnd, were beginning ti.titke routtin the diocese, ansdl of rlwhich, lhe' ais sorry to say, his lordship was not swmaro. Ieu (Dr Crawther) was sorry to, inform hit iordship that the alartl hiid It't boeli lesseued by the issue of his pastoral Ote time eontrary, he, fit one, felt that it had beet strenigtlheted by the clergy beiig told thqt they were 'left to free dom of acti,)nt!' He called attentioi to a book.which ihad been placed in his hIrnds by a lady, a mensboer of tile Es tablished Chlurchl, 'lThe Little Prayer.booke, initended chiefly for begitnners in devo. tiun,' rtevsed 'anud corrected by: thiree priests; and. observed- that when.they' fout plaO id iii t.e hands of young people ii book of: that description, it was time for the-practice to be censured and condemned, or the clergy who persisted in the practice had much better walk over to Rome no Newman did. lie (Dr Crowther) would .read a few ex. tracts to show that there was pause for alarm : " The Manner of Confession.-K.ecei by your ghostly father, make the sign of the cross, andosay-In the name of the Father and of the Son, &e.; Pray, father, give me your blessing, for I have sinnued. I confess to Almighty God, before all-the company-of:'leaven; and .iti you, my, father, that I have sinned. .. Fbr these and for. all other sints ivblicli ?onliot now remem. ber, I anm 'heartily sorry. I resolve -idver tocommiiit themoa again, and most htmlibly -alsk piirdutt oif Gdod, and penance, courisel and absolution of you, ,my glhostly, f.itlier.-' .!Whereforo I pray God to have pity.on Ome, and that all the compatny -of .Heavei, and you, my father, may. pray to the Lord our God for me. . lie thought they could have nothing minde Romish thlin that i tnothing more glaring had. ever emanated -from the Hloutar . Catholio- pri'a.- ---A. to the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper:- " At the words, ' thiis s miy body, this is iny blood,'. you tiiust' believe tl!hat the bread and .wiie ,becorio .the real body and blood: with the so0uland godhead of Jesus" Christ': Bow downvii your heart ar.d body an deepest adloration when the priest eays theseii awfuilwords, and wor ship your Saviour then verily and indeed present on His altar': : , l' Ite did not thitnk the Roman'Catho. lics'could have :Inre positive :directio?s than thos... There,,was also a distinct prayer to the Virgin la?ry in the lan guage of the Romishohurch :-' Mary, The Hon. Mr A. Kenderley followed, nd' referred tit thei ;preseice in the diorese of ., clergyman who was knowni •.to have carried: out ritualistic practices in Loduoi:' "He wished td be informed whether that clergyman hiad any license from the bishop tio performi clerical duty. 'Frot the fact of his beintg here it was by mantry presumed thati he was the prime.,mover, instigator,: and tutor in these - objectionable practices. That there was such an individual here, who was notorious for ritualistic practices at home, was :ntdconsistent with tho posi tion thley., toobik?,in ithe? diocese :and he (Mir Kreiterley) believed- the laity of the:.Church of 'England in- all these colonies professed to ands would adhere to the determination to banish from the Church' all ;tliose' 'ritualistic practices which did such 'damage to the Church in the mother country, ' The Bish l remarked that. he did not kri oithat he could add. to whathe had already: stated .-'The difficulty he, as bishop; felt wai? li'fiar he Was justified in iuterferitig wig'li a'clergian who was coi?plaiuedeof. .. If hee(the bishop) took the 28th article of the church, it said,r " 'The Body :of Christ is given, taken, and eaten, in the Supper, only after all iL-avently' and spiritual inmanner." Th6i' clergyman referred to had constantly, in his hearing, said that the presence of t Christ in the Saieraitmeit was only in a spiritual senrse, and as far as he (the bishop) knew, he had never seen any tithing that could be interpreted as t opposed to the tenonts of the Church of t England. Then it had been said in the synod by Mr "Barnard that -improper questions had been put` by a'clergyman to a young woman;. but when the state meit catiie .tb be sifted'it was not sub. stantiated, ;and lhe (the bishop) blamed r MrBarnard for not coming forward and sayifig he was'mistaken, arid that he had t made a stateinent that wias without 5 foundiation. ir Kenneoriley.-That statement I had foundation. The. Bishop.--Then .I must state the circumstances. The.cbharge was that improper qestions 'had boon put t at an interview between ta clergyman and a young w,oman. he knew was I about to be married to a man who was Snot a member. of' the - Cnurobh. That 1 was Made knIownto my sor, who took an interest in th'e young woman, and Swho thought the oung irian was likely V" to draw her away froin' rdligious feel Sirig. 'She;felt aggrieved at first, but t she now sees the, thing in .the right light, asid has broken off the union. In answer to the petition which stated' a that " praotices and, ceremonies of a superstitious eharabter and contrary to Slthe doctrine and usage of the church >were beginning to take root in the ,diocese," he had alwav's beeoon ready to Sinterplose when .a ease was put before mlii I aI tangiblo way,.but they must aot ,coman .in publio. and attempt to brdowboat him; Ho,hind.not seen at StiJbhfri's anything, wvith a single ex ol ceitio that exceeded the liberal limits I ofth9f.Church. ,It was said Iby Mr 3llhirtuerd that.the oiflo . of the Proer - lBoolk-diould'bo adhered to, and had rriytliig lioon done or 'said that wont haboyiid the stetement in the offico for a Visitatiion of the Sik,:whiech Mr -liar naidrd said .thoe clergy should limit them rlelves.lo? In that office they found the lollowing :l-" ldro 'shall thei sick pi'rnsonbo moved to make a special cnfes'fsion of his sins, if he feel hIris oonsoiueio trbuliled with arty weighty tlittur. After whievts cotitssion, the f priest shallabsolvo hitn,if he hiumbly and heartily doesiro.it, after this sort SOur Lord Jesus Christ, who Lhath left e pIwer to his Churlch -to absolve all sidinles who truly 'idjtbnt and believe eii lhin, of ,His: groat mercy forgive thee thine offences. And by Die authority conuttied to me, I absolve thee from all thy siis, in the uname of ti?e Fii"ther, anrd of the Son, and of the Itally Ghost. Armonr." And then in theo Orderinrg otf Priests it is said; ' Iceooivo the Holy Ghost, &o.;, whoso Sins thlou dust forgive' they are for Sgiven; 'and.whoso sins . thoe dost re tain, they are retained." There was no proolthat this book--produced by Dr Crowthlor, which Iheo was not pro. 1(itired to find fault with or to justify, as Iheo hal votsoon it before-hald been Scirculaited since he issnud his Pastoral , and they wore bi und to show himi that, ,thei aihronition coontaine'od in the Fastoral had not taken effeot. Mir Kennerley asked as to-the practice in.this diocese; if itlwas tie practie" fori 'single women to confess secretly to. their, niuster and to be bound to answer ? ,11e: asked wether suocl a practice should con tinue in the diocese, or whether his Lord-' ship lnild euse Ihis endeavours to stop. it?, Jý'nad been disclosed to him thait young eomen had been'examined land confessed in the clergyman's presence, and a Ilumber of questions asked of a family character., T'he Bishop said a clergyman had hil own co9science to satisfy, uld he had a right to put questions important to the spiritual well-being of his flock. As to the confessional, it was not improper,. iodil was in accordance with what be hall quoted from the Prayer- book, Dr Crowther said that wtattbeyobjet ted to nns, among other things, the manner and mode of tie confessional. 'The Bishop.--t mustaskyou for the per sons to wluom you impute impropriety. 1Ir Kennerley.-."1 e have named! two eases, emy lord. And I twish to ask for informationr on behalf of the laymen, wt:ether tb, ir daughters are to be admit ted singly and confessed ?: The Blisho0p:-Certainly not. If a iory young woman wishes to conteessher faults to the clergyania, she shouild, in miost cases, be accompanied by her parient. I believe a false charge was made. I:have astet latry. ona, and he told lie that n6thintrg app-rosching to what was saild tooktpladdi Air Keinnerley.-I beg to ask aniother qoestiun-whlellter it, las been the plractice of calling on yoaung wStvonen when gin g,to bem arried,' Iefdmreairriageto hecontfe sed, making' a sacraoment of marriage ? 'Te BitihopiL-I am iot aoia're of' any,. thing of the kind having been ..one. ,: (llii lordship here relirred to the chaplaiu of. PortArthur,) Mlr Kennerley.-I .don't believe that gentleman has any right in the. diocese, Land he would confess to every charge made against him. The Bishop said from all that lie could' learn Mir Haywald had only ciiculatedi Pilgrims Progress andt a work useil. by oanection of his (the bishop's) predecessor, Steps to the Altar. Dr Crowthier here said that book wass, not sanctioned by his lordslip's predeces sor, and. the: dean confirnmed that state:. ment. ''The Bishop said when at Port Arthilr he had not seen anything objectionable, hut he had since been told that Air Hay ward had had some candles on the holy Table at an early servie, 'and be hadl written to know whether these candles were used tor pur'po-'es 'of light or, not,. There might be soincthihg to blameo in Air John Sly referred to information he had received respectinlg Mrllayward from n gentleman who resided at Kew, in- Vic' toria, but who beinmg in obart Town, atfended the meetings of synod, and took a deep interest in the prtcctedings; tihe gentleman reaunr..ing in resfedt to AM?l BHayward's being sec ived here; thalt Tas mania would become the ritualistic diocese of the colonies. The Bishop expressed his disbelief in the statements made its Victoria about Mir Ilayward, and of Ihis using incen e, &c..; lie (the Bishop) had heard from Sir W., Stassell that the Bishop did not depose iir Ilayward, bit although he had or dained hisn deaconsimply would not ad: nit him to priest's orders. On his leavr itigr his friends subscribed,. ad sent hul here tilsh £600in his pockets. 'The deputrti n then retired. 