DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Church of England Diocesan Synod, opened on Feb 27th at St David's School room, Harrington street, Thomas hens, lay and clerical, having previously attended Holy Communion at the Cathedral After certain preliminary business and the tabling of notices of motion, reports and returns, the Right Rev. Bishop Bromby delivered the opening address, presenting his i remarks under two heads 1 Our of a domestic progress and condition, and 2 The condition of the Church in other parts of the world We condense his remarks under the first head The Rev. F H Cox lines, after a visit to England, returned in safety to the charge of the Cathedral Church, and has been formally nominated as Dean The cure of George Town became a, meant, and it has been called upon my nomination, by the Rev. W A Brooke 'The cure of St Leonards his at length been most satisfactorily filled up by the appointment of the Rev Brooke Bailey, a gentleman of high credentials, and formerly Canon in the diocese of Ceylon The Rev C P Greene, who has for four years devoted himself, with great zeal and simplicity of purpose, to the arduous cm icy of St Davids, prefers ing a subordinate sphere in town to a more independent one elsewhere, has consented, at my request, to take temporary charge of Avoca, and to report upon a scheme which have proposed of including it within the cure of Fingal, as a centre, under Mr. Chambers and a state By the cooperation of three lay helpers, Mr Leggo at Cullenswood, Mr Grant at Fingal, and Mr Commissioner Chapman at the Black Boy a time table of services has been drawn up by Mr Chambers for the district Last year I obtained a grant of 270 a year for a deacon schoolmaster in Bass's Straits from "The Colonial and Continental Church Society," in the hope that the schoolmaster, whom I desired to admit to deacon s orders, might receiveth appointment from the Board of Education Difficulties arose which have postponed for a long time at least, I fear the realize idea of my earnest wish to extend the cure of the Church to these islanders the late Mr 1 ored vy paid a visit next year with the view of expediting the scheme, and of discharging, during his brief stay, ministerial offices amongst them 'this year the Rev M B Brownrigg kindly consented to pay them a visit Mr G Shoobridge has been admitted to the Order of Deacon As Curate at St John she has charge of the Brickfields and is engaged without cost to the Synod I have also to report that the son of Mr Sharland, one of our most esteemed churchmen, is now engaged in connection with the parish of St Dnv id's Mr Nothorcott, also, who served most faithfully in my own parish at home as a Scripture reader, has arrived it his own risk amongst us I am happy to have secured for him an annual grant of £50 from the Society just named He now acts as ascertain reader among the patients of the Hospital and the neglected of the parish His long exper fence and fell w well-known to myself, are already bearing fr m m children sent to school and in the poor gathered to a Sunday scr v Lee, and the rescue of fallen women I mi m hope that his services in by hu also useful in the diocese as a catechist in more distant (places the Run H D Atkinson has 1 itchy t visited South port baptised numerous children and hold divine services during his week s stay I strongly recoin moved the adoption in our towns of a system of district visitors and tract dists ibu tors who shall divide the ov high own parishes and report por logically to the clergyman the result of their labours at a monthly in« owing The work of lay help in the diocese continues to grow and give increasing office ency to our Church work A large number is now employed as voluntary readers in places which the more regular ministrations of the clergy no utterly unable to reach I have to report that during the year 265 candidates for Confirmation have availed themselves of the invaluable opportunity of closer contact with their spiritual guides I have also had the satisfaction of being present at the re- opening of the church at 6 seen Ponds after important repairs and improvements The new and beautiful church, built under the direction of Mr Hunter at Swansea has been opened, and a very handsome chancel has been consecrated at Hagley, erected to the memory of the lamented by RiehnilDiy Ihaxe also tore port the commencement of fresh efforts in the same direction A new church at Evandale will be opened next month, and for another at Long Bay, in the D 1 surcease nix Cb tinsel, considerable funds have been subscribed, for the increase of which the incumbent will be glad to a course conti motions of distant friends Unless some Sorrow d of orbits are immediately made on behalf of the Bridgewater now church, 1 fear the grant which I obtained from the Christian Knowledge Society will lapse The Bishop, in referring to the General Church Fund, and the necessity of a more perfect system of collecting money, stud a General Church Society should be formed a nominal roll of members in every parish, with their subscriptions attached, should be begun ed and a report should be annually published With re for ence to the Cathedral Chapter, His T lordship a ml ii its purely spiritual functions the Chapter would be, as it was in the earliest times a senator t'«soo/)i He advocated lay members of the body, and besides other uses of a cathedral, spoke of tin to pin noses, prayer, preach ing and stated music, in all which I especial the Cathedral should be more or less examples to the whole diocese (Jil ist s College was the next topic of a reference, and then the licensing system in connection with which the Bishop gave a promotion from flat Slimon the operations of the Unto 1 Kingdom Alliance Turning to the work of the Church elsewhere, His Lordship spoke of the Irish Church, and recited the "Declare turn" drawn up by the great Convention He next spoke of modern controversy in reference fe ty-- Subjects which- agitate the heavy) st Iiojuv, Regarding the Church in this colony his Lordship said "I am not aware that any change in the mode of conducting divine service has occurred for years past, calculated to offend the congregation of worshippers. Certainly no expression of dissatisfaction or personal grievance, on the part of any congregation, or even any member of a congregation, has formally, or informally, reached me, and I earnestly hope, however, that a ready obedience to the law will, as far as possible, be paid, wherever the law has been clearly and indisputably laid down. " He disclaimed, for himself, any substantial sympathy whatever with the ultra-ritualistic movement at home ; if he had any, it would bore his life- long convictions. He said had the movement confined itself to making more prominent the duty of Holy Communion, or upholding the dignity of the office by which ordained men, chosen of God as representatives of the people, present their sacrifices of praise and thanksgiving, 01 "threatening up to Christ of the Gentiles, so far his sympathy would have gone with it After some observations upon German Catholicism, the Bishop concluded as follows -" In conclusion, allow me to express the hope that no words uttered in the warmth of debate, calculated to irritate or to wound, will be allowed to bring discredit upon our Church or our Synodical institution For sixteen centimes after Christ no questions were brought before the Synods for the purposes of eager debate, or for day stone into majorities and minorities The object was to obtain public consent, and to deliver I authoritative utterance to measures already discussed and approved The temper and the necessities of the age have changed all this, and the fifth century need not necessarily furnish an exact model to the 19th But if subjects must be discussed which excite conti every, let us at least show our selves worthy of the work which the ago has given to us, the object of which should be the increase of mutual forbearance during the succeeding year, mutual respect, and more active and loving co-operation Men who in o detached from their fellow men, and hat e learnt to love the truth which they have received through certain formulas, are native ally apt to identify the truth itself with their mode of stating it The object of Synodical meetings should tend to counteract this narrowness of our own private views and intolerance of other men's Let us bear in mind that we live in an age of shaken and unsettled opinions The discoveries of science and a speciality e restlessness are the cause, which it is the office of the Church to control and direct, not impugn 01 slight If the Church, great as she has been in the ages post, and great as she is still, shall ever lose her opportunity, and therefore her power, it will arise from her own disunion and dis organisation, which will give in advantage to the forces of Britain and unbelief, which no other power would furnish Let us bear in mind the strict and solemn tribunal before which we all soon must stand in the light which beams from that awful tribunal, how an i val will appeal curious story controversies upon profoundest mysteries, how puerile our questions of ephemeral ceremonies ' How all important one faithfulness in bringing sinners to repentance and wondering prodigals to their Father, and our brotherly kindness one towards another If we expect to live in Heaven md to attain to higher and yet higher degrees of love them, let us avoid all bitterness and wrath, and for this end, let us pray for the gift of the Holy Spirit it was, when the first disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost that with a great power they gave witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitudes of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul ' At the second days sitting a motion that in the event of a vacancy in the see of Tasmania, the election of a clergyman to fill the vacancy shall be made by the Synod, was discussed but eventually it was decided to elect by ballot a Select Committee to consider and report upon the question next session A resolution was adopted that the Bishop be requested to ask the Rev T Reibey, late At oh deacon of Launceston, to furnish an explanation with reference to a balance of between iGOO and £700 alleged to be in his hands belonging to the Furneaux Islands Mission Fund On the third day, in reply to Canon Parsons, the Bishop gave an explanation relating to the election of the members of the Chapter, and his lordship also gave information, on the motion of the Rev. G B Smith, as to a complaint by some prisoners of a cross having been placed on the Communion Table at Port Arthur The Rev G B Smith withdrew a motion deprecating the use and on eula tion of Romanizing books and tracts in the diocese An animated and rather acrimonious debate took place on Canon Bl emby s motion for the appointment of a Select Committee to consider means to increase the general church funds Dr Valentine was called to order by the President for giving is a reason why the funds but failed that the laity were losing confidence in the clergy, instancing the notice of motion with reference to Romanising literature Mr Kennerley was also called to order by the President for refers me to Dr Valentine's remarks, and advocating it the proper time free and open discussion on that or my other subject of complaint in the diocese The hon member said if free discussion were not allowed he would never again open his mouth in that assembly It was evident that the Bishop had inter posed under a misapprehension of Mr Kennerley s meaning The discussion on the motion ended in its adoption and the appointment of a committee proposed by Canon Bromby with a few alterations On the motion of Canon Hales the use of the new Dictionary of the Church in England was permitted in this diocese, and at the instance of the Archdeacon it was resolved to present an address to the Queen, congratulatory on the recovery of H. R. H. the Prince of Wales The estimates for the northern and southern Archdeaconries were finally passed At the the sitting of the 1st instant a report was brought up by the Dean on the subjects mentioned in the memorial from the Temperance Alliance last session The report was ordered to be printed and considered that if not noon A series of resolutions introduced by Canon Parsons, having reference to the rules for the examination and reception of can didates for holy orders, passed the Synod on a division by orders Important resolutions for the promotion of union between the Pi testant Churches were unanimously passed, on the motion of the Rev. T Gellibrand -" that in the opinion of this Synod it is very desirable at the present time that some closer bond of union should be di as to between the Church of England in Tasmania, and the following bodies of Christians in Tasmania, the Picsby team Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland, and the Wesleyan and Independent Churches," Mr GelhbnindicmnrkiiigltlintbyWes leyan he intended to designate all denominations of Methodists as they were occasionally called "2 That in order to ascertain how this Synod in ly give the best practical effect to the above resolution, a committee be appointed to confer with the autho- rites of the Churches specified, to collect the best available evidence, and to present their report thereon at the next session of Synod Such committee to consist of the following freshets, A 17 The Very Rev Dean Cox, the Lot Canons Bl Nomby and Hales, the Rev. A Stackhouse, the Rev G B Smith, Mr Samuel Westbrook, Mr Barnard, Mr C O Abbott, and the mover The Select Committee's report on lay members of the Cathcart al Chapter was considered and its recommendations adopted, with sundry alterations Hie Cathcdr d Chapter is to be oulaigodby the addition of six lay members, three of whom to be the churchwardens for the time being of St Davids Church, and the other three to be elected from the lay i kept seventh es of the Synod 1 her upon it also contained rccoiuinoitdnttons for filling up A scenes in the Chapter, which in a modified form was adopted by the Synod and On the next day explanations were given by the Bishop on the subject of Christ's College, and by Mr Sharland and the Dean of St David s as to the Church Endowment Fund A very long debate took place on a motion by Mr Barnard, calling the attention of the Synod to certain books which profess to be Church of England publications, with a view of putting the members of the Church, both lay and clerical, on their guard against the Romanising teaching which they contain The mover especially noticed " The Pi tests Pi ivor Book which j_LÍop-'odto be a publication of the Church of England, and sanctions Auricula Confcs sion, Incense Piayorsfot the Dead, 11 insubstantial tion L-onsubstniittatton an other objectionable mat tom He also mentioned "An Altar Book for voting Poisons " which also contained a great quantity of Romanuiiig teaching The Rev A Stackhouse seconded the motion The Rev Canon Hales opposed the motion, saying he could not condemn the books for he had not read them and it would be impossible to take any action, if the motion were passed Canon Davenport t opposed the motion and acknowledged that he had a giant many but books on his shelf, but he did not circulate them He moved that the Synod proceed to the consideration of the next business The Rev C E Smith quoted from "An Altar Book for the Young and said he felt it his duty to stand up in behalf of Protestant i religion The law 1 11 tulips th defence 1 the use of the Priest s Pt lyet Book and appealed to the Synod not to pronounce a sweeping condemn action which was not justified by facts The Dean of St David condemned the books but though the object had been answers ed by calling attention to them and asked Mr Uuiiud to withdrew the motion Rev Canon Bromby said he did not think that distrust on the part of the part of the laity existed towards the clergy that had been imputed Rev C Y Greene said he had used the book, but with extreme caution Rev Canon Parsons cited from "the English Catholic s Vmlt Minim, and said the Ritualists were Romanising of Allora The Rev L i Symonds ratified the statute I min m account I sent by a correspondent, of certain confit inntion proceedings at St John's Goulburn street, last Whitsuntide Llleotno speecH wrote dear old by the hon Mr Kennerley, Mr Lucas and the Rev. Mr Gellibrand for the motion, and he, Mr I 1 at Loton and the Van Viet (Uncoil D vi les against it Jil b Westbrook also spoke but declined to vote one way or the other. The Bishop nth ised model a time he said he was a Pt contestant but he lntplotod the Synod not to waste their energies on things which were of minor tinpot cause After the move of s Reply the Synod dix kio 1 as follows -Ayes 12 Rov s A Stackhouse, J 1 Gellibrand, R Wilson, G P. Smith, Edward Symonds, Canon Parsons, and. Messrs Kennerley, Lucas, Lovett, Barnard, C. O. Abbott, and Dr. Butler. Noes 14 : Archdeacon Davies, Revs. Dean Cox, Canon Hudspeth, Canon Hales, Canon Davenport, Canon Bromby, C. P. Greene, B. Hayward, and Messrs. J. Browne, Tarleton, Sharland, Cook, Blyth, and Reid. At the sitting on the 4th inst. the motions on the paper were disposed of. On the 9th there was a large attendance of visitors, including the Hon. Judge Dobson and several ministers of different denominations, the business of the day being of an exciting character. The Ecclesiastical Offences Bill having been discussed at previous sittings, finally went through committee and was passed, the Bishop signifying his assent thereto. His Lordship also gave his assent to the estimates as passed and several resolutions that had been adopted by the Synod. Dr. Crowther, pursuant to notice, asked the following question : Whether it is the intention of the Bishop to take any steps in order to ensure the disuse of certain books such as " The Priest's Prayer Book," English Catholics Vade Medium," and " Year-book for the Young The Bishop re i plied that if such books were improperly used for the inculcation of false doctrine, and his attention were called to the parties so using them, he should have recourse to those godly admonitions, which every clergyman was bound by his ordination vows to reverently obey. The Rev. Canon Parsons rose to ask certain questions of the Rev. Mr. Hayward, personal to that gentleman, when Mr. Tarleton rose to a point of order. He was a convinced in his own mind that a course such as that sought to be introduced for the first time in the Synod, was contrary to the spirit and rules by which the Synod ought to be guided. Such a course was not adopted with reference to the meanest criminal who might be brought before him at the police bench. The President ruled that the tendency of the question was to extract from Mr. Hay ward answers that were thought would criminate himself, and could not be allowed. There was another course open to Dr. Parsons. Mr. Barnard, pursuant to notice, moved, " That the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to enjoin the disuse of The Priest's Prayer Book ' within his diocese; and to restrict the clergy in their parochial and pastoral ministrations to those of the recognised standards and formularies of the Church of England. " The motion was seconded by the Hon. Dr. Crowther, who said that he regretted the very un- certain and unsatisfactory character of His Lordship's reply to the question he had put to him a short time previously. He thought that a book which the Dean stated was a dangerous book. put forth by one of that large school which were banded in undoing the work of the last three hundred years, by restoring the sacrifice of the Mass and auricular confession, and which another clergyman who used the book said " required to be used with great caution, was not such a book that its use could be sanctioned. It was imperatively demanded that the Synod should by affirming such a resolution require His Lordship to condemn the use of this book. Dr. Crowther then proceeded to quote from the Priest's Prayer Book to show its erroneous teaching, and said that though for a time they had borne patiently with this grow- ing evil they felt that the time had come when all should rise and protest against the encroachments of ritualism. Lot those who were ritualistic act honestly and walk over to Rome. He trusted the Synod would affirm the resolution. A long discussion ensued in which Mr. Justin Browne, Rev. C. P. Greene and others took part. In the course of it, Rev. Canon Parsons, in reference to the Priest's Prayer Book, said he knew very little of it, having only seen it on two occasions once recently when used in the Synod, and on another occasion, some time ago, when used by his Lordship. He hoped the laity would rally round the few clergy who opposed these ritualistic practices, and support them. His Lordship said he did not remember having used the book in question, and requested Canon Parsons to inform him when he had done so ? Canon Parsons : Some years ago on board the Gift. I His Lordship replied if he had done so the then 1 Archdeacon must have put it into his hands, but he did not recollect it. The discussion then continued, several amendments were proposed, and ultimately an amendment moved by Dean Cox was agreed to as follows "That this. Synodoxpresscsancariiesthopo that the Bishop will be pleased to admonish the clergy in their parochial and pastoral ministrations to use only such books as are strictly in accordance with the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, and the other formularies of the Church of England." His Lord- ship congratulated the Synod on their having come to an harmonious and unanimous decision on the matter. The original resolution was otto in which he felt he could scarcely concur, as it required him to "enjoin" a thing which he had hardly the power to do, and which, if he attempted, might lend to a spirit of antagonism. The resolution which had been so generally concurred in substituted for "ünjoiu"theword"admonish,"andw'ouldby8odoiiig remove the difficulty which he previously felt. He thought from what had been elicited that there was no need for the suspicions which some had entertained as regards objectionable practices. He was ignorant of the existence of the practices referred to till the meeting of this Synod. For his own part he would utter no" uncertain sound whenever an occasion arose, but as a Bishop of the Church of England he could not consent to interfere with the liberty of any otto, while he conformed to the standards of the Church. He would not consent to become the Bishop of a party. It was one of the principles of Protestantism to respect the right of conscience of every one, and while he would so respect the opinion of every one, he would utter no uncertain sound. When occasion required he could and would show himself firm-no one could be firmer. They owed a debt of gratitude to those who had led to this resolution being unanimously adopted. After the disposal of other business of a formal nature, or of minor importance, a vote of thanks moved by Mr. Tarleton, and seconded by the Dean, was passed to the President for his impartial and dignified conduct in the chair. His Lordship briefly returned thanks, remarking as this was the first occasion on which such a vote had been passed, he regarded it as a vote of confidence in him, and not as merely pro forma. The session was terminated by the Episcopal Benediction. Since the close of tho Synod, a vast number of letters have been published in The Mercury the subject of the proceedings, more especially with reference to the question of Romanising books, by correspondents of various shades of opinion, A memorial to the Bishop calling upon him to act decisively in checking Romanising teaching and usages, is in course of signature by the laity throughout the colony 