KL&.NDBA". I Still very hard froats. The thermometer las4 night was down to 2 degrees. You may fancy it must be pretty cold when, < liis morning, in a room where there yas £ fire till 12 p.m., I .found tbe tea ju the pot a tolidlump of ice.' (From the Mona.ro Mercury.) The Bombala Oddfellows celebrated their anni versaiy on the llrh instant. Tliere was a proces" sion headed by the brass band, and in the cvenirg a ball and supper. Dancing was kept up till 8 o'clock next morning. Glf.e Club.—A neeting was held aj, the Cooma Hotel, in the early |>art of (he week, with the object of forming a Glee Club in Cooma. Thc. attendance was more numerous than was anticipa ted, and the object of the meeting was successfully carried out; a club having been formed, twelve or fifteen members joined. Sl'OBTiNG.—On Tuesday last, a large assemblage congregated at Tea Tree Bace Course, to witness the match between Mr. J. O'Brien's ch. c. Shron bill, and Mr. J, Ferry's br; f. Waterlily, for £20 a side. There could not have been less than from 200 to 250 persons on tbe course. Tbe programme of the day comprised four events, the principal of wbicli was the private one between the horses above named. Shronhill carried 8st. lib. (31bs. overweight),'whilst Waterlily. was mounted wish apounifover 9st. 61bs. K.Pollock piloted tbe chestnut, and the veteran Mat Macalister," rode the brown ma-e. The start was not a very good one, Shronhill going "off" with a lead of at least two lengths, which he gradually increased, and, on reaching the half-mile post, had a very good lead. The chestnut wss lapded a winner, hard held, by nearly a distance. After a short respite the Maiden Plato followed, for wbicli (wo horses only started, viz., Mr. J. O'Brien's ch. c. Shron hill, and Mr. M. Maealistdr's br. b. Wariior, resulting in a victory to the chestnut. Tbe Selling Stakes was pulled off1 by a horse called Holmes, better known as '' The Ghost." The Galloway Stakes was placed to the credit of Mr. £. O'Brien by Tommy Dodd. A Hurry Scurry brought to a termination a very pleasant and satisfactory day's racing. ■ (From the Bomlala Times.)* TBB Boinhata Times Bays:—For the'last two years .builders in Bombala have had constant em playment, and to all appearances will" Lave for some considerable time. We notice the fiew store of Mr. Cohen's adjoining the Imperial Hotel is now nearly completed, the walls o£ the offices next to the stoic'lately occupied by Hfr. Thompson, are rapidly going up and will be finished in a few days Further down the street will be Been men busily engaged in laying the foundation for another cot taSe, the property'of Mr. D. Bell; the " movable " house was shifted some fifty yards lower down the street, and now ejtn boost of a stone foundation and chimney, Mr. Scott, chemist, being the oc. capier. Glancing over the river, you may observe on the hill a new cottage, being a speculation of Atinnelian's; the cottage on the flat oenpied by Mr. Shinfield is having an addition made to it of seueral rooms. From tenders* and bazaars adver tised, we learn that buildings in contemplation are> —Wesley an Church, Tcmperance Hail, Presbytery and a cottage, so that utfaras building is concerned it is very evident that Bombala means ^o advance. 