. . ! ; . 'leaves1 " PROaiTliE DIARY OP A JOURNALIST. ' : - No. XL Concert-rooms anil "Free-and-easys" iu'1855-G — Onion Concert-room. — Miss Urie.— Music in the Union Bar —A German Family.— Lunwig BecL-cr. Moonoy'e National Concert-room.— Kltti, tho Basso. —A Liglit Tenor.— White, the Banjoist.— 1 TUke's Central City Concert-room, — Morgan, die Imposing Basso.— Mies King.— Cassidy, tho " Comique. Concert-rooms and what are called " free- and-easys" were In the full vigour of their prosperity 16 or 17 years ago, and main tained it for some time later. They were conducted in a different spirit to that of their representatives of the present day. Thoy did,. not exist, so to speak-, by suffer ance. Most of them were, managed in a respectable manner, and the "unco-guid' portion of tho commnnity had not yet be come afflicted with that nervous jealousy of tbe souls of tbeir fellow-creatures which, by weakness on the part of the latter, has been suffered to culminate in a ort of Neo-puritainism that strikes you as a pure anachronism. Consid erable musical talent was even then to be found scattered about Melbourne. I have, in former numbers of these " Leaves, " spoken of suoh " stars" as Madame Carandini, Miss Octavia Hamilton, Mrs, Hanenok, Stro- bingor, and Winterbottom ; but I should not be doing justice to the subject if I were to pass over wholly without notice caterers for the pnblic favor of a somewhat humbler class. Ooe of the earliest and best of the concert rooms was that established in con nection with tho Union Hotel, in Bsurke- street. Here MisB Urie used for a loDg time to ba the bright particular star ; and I am not certain that I am incorrcut iu stating that both Madame Sara Flower and Madame Carandini have occasionally attracted audiences |at this place. At a still earlier day the only musio to be found of an evening about here was in a corner of the large American bar of the same hotel, where an old Gorman and the members of his family — including one rather handsome but melan choly-looking young woman, who appeared to have memories of a better past — used to sing and play the harp and violin for the sake of what they could accumulate among the customers. The shillings and sixpences used to come in pretty thickly, pud I have even seen half-crowns thrown into tho cap with which the melancholy- looking femalo was accustomed to make the round of the bar. The audiences were not altogether casual. You saw the same faces there every evening pretty regularly, tho owners of which would generally look out for . their accustomed seat with as much jealousy as the holder of a season-ticket might have done. One evening, it must have been in 1855, as tbe writer was sitting in' one of tho square and comfortably- carpeted bays into which the " auditorium," so to speak, of tho bar was divided, thero entered a short, slight, rather, elderly mau, with an invernoss cape or clonk over his shoulders, and wearing a slouched felt high- crowned hat. He stooped slightly, so that as ho came up the bar from the front door his features were overshadowed by tho brim of his hat; but, as he came nearer,' you could see that they wero not displeasing, and woro a sharp, intelligent, and decidedly sarcastic expression. The tendency to sar casm was more to bo gathered from the eye, and the sharp cnt aquiline cast of the upper featnrcs than from the chiu and mouth, which were clothed in a short but tolerably thick flaxen beard. Tho stranger passed along the bar till he reached the bay where I was, and sitting down, he called for a glass of liquor, and almost immediately wc fell into conversation. II turned on tbo scene around us, and I soon found that my com panion was a shrewd and sympathetic ob server of human nature. By his side, and never many inches from it, was a handsome slut, of the puro bull-terrier breed, whom her- master appeared to regard with strong affec tion, and whom, as ho occasionally treated hor" to a small lump of sugar. Im called "Nettle." Wo kept up a quick and lively interchange of ideas for some tinio, for my new acquaintance was a good, dogmatic talker, and epoke English (he was a German) with a very clear enunciation. Nearly everything he said was tiuged with a gro tesque and half- cynical liumor, aud once or twice, in order to illustrate some personal remark he had made on tlie characters to bo soon in the bar, he produced bis pocket- book, and sketched a caricatured likeness of tliem with his pencil. From this, and a few words dropped accidentally, 1 discovered that ho - was an artist. An hour and a half or more passed rapidly aud ploasantly, and thon we ad journed together to the coffee-room, and partook oi a outlet together. T thought 1 had seldom met a more entertaining person, and though our ideas occasionally dashed, for tho othor was disposed to be caustic upon the English, wo got on famously. From that night forward, I novor ceased to cultivate tko intimacy of poor Ludwig Becker. ' Wo shall meet with him again. Another hotel whioh hpasted of a good coneert-roim was tho Excelsior, or, as it was then called, the JIational, at the top of Bourke-atrcet, and'kept, "at the time I am writing of, by Mr. James ' Mooncy, of vide celebrity. This gentleman, wl/07 tefir-j all his - peculiarities; possessed-no Bmal amount of enterprise, has recently, been, dia tinguiahing himself in England, as we read not long ago, by advocatiug a mission ; to tbe poor of' London, An preference to tho ex- ; pendituro of money on.au exniorii-g j jurney. to the Holy Land. Many of rny leaders j'wiil | bo disposed, as r am mysqlf, ,tq- prpuounos i him p'erf.-etly right- .- But w,e arCi-ooncerned.- now, with his concert-room. It was here the: writer had the 'first opporiunity of hearing' Mr. Kitfcr, who, years afterwards, fait his way steadily in his profe«sion, until ho, be-' came a most vigorous member of the Lyster Opera Company. Mr. Kitts -was a good fellow, arid a very strong bass.- .Another individual was one of a very opposite : clats,' an exceedingly light tenor named-Macdonald, who posseasdC -algO the additional accomplish ment of being a good bagatelle playafr- Ho was one of the two "dons" of whom I Bpoko -in my lost paper as visitors to tho hotel in which I was at that time domesti cated, and where he was looked upon by " big Jook," Smith tho - marker, and indeed.- by moat of lis, with great' ad miration. He could make 100 off tho break with consummate ease. . Nevertheless; ' be met his match in the other "don," whoiwas named Thomas, and whom, of tho two, I considered to be far the neater player. But,- after Mr, Kitts, who Is -not easily forgotten, the personage whom I recollect most dis tinctly in connexion with Moonoy'e concert- room, was poor White, the banjo player, whom many will remember as a great popu lar favorite, His negroics " wero ex ceedingly clever. At the . time I am speaking of, he was in delicate: health, and had sus tained a , severe injury to . his log;- but still he managed to keep, pretty, orinstaritly bolore the country, and; was always ablo to com mand a lucrative engagement. I believe he is now "gone - where the good niggers go,", along with, many others whose . ghosts, if there be; any truth in the doctrines of the spiritualists, mast still be hovering around old Melbourne with feelings of peculiar interest/ . - ; . The last eoncbrt-room to which I. shall al- ludo in this paper is the exceedingly well- conducted-' one, 'established by Mr. W. Tilke, jat the Central City Hotel, also in Bourke- street. Tilko was a vory enorgotic man, arid though almost invariably unfor tunate in the long run, understood tbo art of laying out money to good purpose for a short season. His concert room waB a long, narrow Baloon, with high- baoked seats, nt tho hack of each, of which was a narrow alielt for the row of customers behindyou to deposit their glasses on. The stage was a gallery at the farther end from Bourke-streot, and tho only instrument was a pianoforte. Tilke's musi cal director was an imposing-looking man of the .name of Morgan, possessed of a bass voice deeper even than that of Mr. Kitts, and who remained for many years an institution ,of the colony, in-the vocal line, both in town and country. His great songe were Simon the Cellarer and Tnbal Cain, and ho evidently believed that no one could sing them like him. He used to walk up and down the room, when not in the gallery, keeping every one in order. It was at.'this concert room that the public first heard the , pretty, childish voice of Miss King, who some years after wards was engaged as a subordinate mem ber of the Opera Company ; but'.whor at tho time I speak "of. was a pretty child, of somo fourteen or fifteen years of ogo, and very popular. She used to sing Bonnie Dundee capitally. Poor child, Bhe now sleeps, toge ther with hor mother, our lost Brooke, and bow many others, under the waters of the Bay of Biscay. I never think, even now, of that awfnl wreck of Jan uary, 1866, without a shudder. It. is one of those scenes in human history which . no one aah explain, from a moral point of view, rind which leave a wound that is nover healed in the consciences of men. Nearly all those characters of whom I have hitherto spoken in these papers are nowj) shadows, and one almost feels like a shadow oneself, in recalling them to the memory. Tho last of them whom I shall mention to-day is Cassidy, the " comique" at Tilko's, one of the cleverest mimics t ever saw, and who was an mmonse favorite. He is dead, too. 