THE BISHOP'S IGNORANCE OF UNFAITHFULNESS IN THE CHURCH. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE MERCURY. SIR-The following is an exact copy. It will speak for itself: Memories of Confirmation and First Communion at the " Church of S. John the Baptist. + Nameless. Prepared for Confirmation by the Rev. H. B). Bromby. Confirmed on the Friday in Whitsuntide, June 2nd, 1874, by me. (Signed) O. H. Taswinm. Whenever I look at this card I will remember and renew the three solemn Confirmation vows-Repon Prince, Faith, and Obedience and I will remember and cherish show the gift of the Holy Ghost then given inn at the laying on of the Bishop's hands, (Acts ii. 17.) Prayer. 0 blessed Joan ! send Thy Holy Spirit to renew ia mo daily His manifold gifts. (Isaiah xi. 2.) Hare follow instructions for the time of Confirma- tion, ending with this udmonitiou:-Bo sure that you do not come to Holy Communion with any wilful sin in your house. If you are not sure, and want help and guidance go to your pastor forndvico (Hob. xiii. 17), and the " benefited absolution." (S, John xx. 23.) [The authority quoted contains no such words.] A couple of pages of 'advice conclude with the following Prayer during the colouration of the Blessed Sacrament: " O Almighty Lord of heaven and earth, behold I, all unworthy dinner, desire to offer up to Thee by the hands of this Thy Priest the mystical and com- memorative Sacrifice of the Body and Blood of Thy Son Jesus Christ, in union with the One True Story fire which He offered up to Thee, once for all, upon the Cross. I desire to plead that Perfect Sacrifice, first, for Thine own honour, praise, adoration, and glory ; secondly, in thanksgiving for all Thy Meetings bestowed in Him on His whole Church, whether triumphant in heaven, or militant in earth, and especially for those blessings bestowed upon me the most unworthy of all thirdly, for obtaining parson and remission of all my sins and of those of all others for whom I ought to pray and firstly, for obtaining full graces and blessings both for myself and for the whole mystical Body of Thy Son that such scare yet alive may finish their course with joy, and that such as are dead in the Lord may rest in peace and hope and rise in glory for the Lord's sake whose precious death we are now commemorating. Amen. We have been " auricular confession," " priestly absolution," " gift of the Holy Ghost," the SiCTiW» of the Mass," and " prayers for the dead" sanctioned by the Bishop under his own signature! Your obedient servant. T",," ONE WHO WEIGHS EVIDENCE. [Our correspondent will see that we huvooxciicd much contained in the card not bearings Todays. poet of the recent discussion in the Synodsmen. at.! 