THE FLANEUE IN SYDNEY, ? i , The first chapter ef the Psrramatta Eiver Horror — 1 the preliminary examination of tbe suspected murderers— his dosed ; and the aocused are lodged. in Su-Iinghont Gaol, to take their trials before that high court of criminal judicature which holds the power of life and death— the awful power of deciding whether a prisoner shall be pronounced guiltless and discharged to tka. blessed free ai; of liberty, cr placed in ohatne, insmurod in a dungeon, and onlv brought out to' be handed like a dog! ?What tho thoughts of men in such a position must be, when they know that they must remain in their state of horrible uncertainty for six or seven weeks, I shall not dare to speculate npon. All ma«t depend upon their own conoioueneEE of guilt or innocence. I remember a case which occurred in anether part of the couctry somo years ago that has often struck mo as one torribly illustrative of the borrow that must hover round a murderer, if Any may rometober the circucistanccf, and the then employer of the man ?who was murdered is now a resident of Sydney. The victim was a shepherd, who had come down to the provincial metropolis to ' knock down' his cheque, and had there fallen in with a loafing scoundrel who stack to him like a leech, aad finally started with him for the buEh again, when the shepherd had resolved to return, with what balance of his wages he hai ten able to retain. On the B«ne night the treacherous compaaion returned to the town, and to the inn which they had both left that mcrning. Eis story was that his mate had gone on alone ; but the landlady observed a strange wildness in bis manner. A bloody razor and a towel stained with blood were found her in the bed-room he had taken up ; and he, with the demon glare of the murderer in his eye, followed her about the house during the evening, in a manner to create unpleasant feelings. At last he was arrested by the. police on suspicion ; but when brougb. before the magistrates nothing could be found to justify his de tention. There was no proof that any murder had bsen committed, or that the shepherd wag not etill on his way back to tho station. The prisoner wae released, and immediately took passage by steamer for a township up the river ; when, just at that critical time, intelligence arrived of the finding of tho body of the murdered man, under circumstances of themselves interesting, but which I have no time to narrate, nor you much' spaca to record. A constable— the messenger of justice, swift of foot — was instantly ordered to cross a sort of peninsula and intercept the steamer at the next bend of the river. He did so, and brought his prisoner in handcoffs to the shore, where he was soon afterwards confronted with the corpse of his victim. It lay ttatk naked in the hospital, with a fearf _' gash in the throat, and a crash in the skull. The two men had been pre paring to get dinner, in the dry bed of a creek off the road, when the murderer mutt have come behind bis violim, stunned him with a blew from a tomahawk, and then cut his throat. He was o»n victed and banged. But what muit have been the state of this murderer's mind when, gloating ov«r his estate, he saw the steamer stopped, and the policeman coming on board ? What when led into the room where lay the murdered body, of tba finding of which h« had not until then been aware P Something like the thoughts of John Tawoll, I suppose, whsn ' the cords that hung ' him — the telegraph wires, flashed along the railway line br which he was escaping the order for hia arrest. A fine cartoon on the Parramatta Eiver tragedies appears in this week's Sydney PuBoh. As most of your readers have seen it or ought to do so, I need sot say more than that it represents jusztce, with her sword at present poised upon her shoulder, and guided by a bright star above to the dim and Bhadowy part of the river where floats the distorted corpse of a murdered man : and the motto, ' Fiat Justioia,' complete* the picture. A. great deal i- sometimes said about the ' gress impropriety of any such references in the pnblic prints ; but, most certainly, if the late Bhooking murders had occurred in England, broad sheets with all kinds of illustrations, and copies of Tones of the Ostnaeh kind, would long since aare bem scattered all over the country. Some of ns are inclined to carry this squeamiehneis too far. The cause of Justice has often roceived invalnabla aid, and the most cunning devices of the murderer been unmasked, by means of pabluity, which, sa that it is not calculated to thwart the investigations of the polioe, or to warp people's minds unjustly, ought not to be objected to. The Frees hie, at various times, been greatly instrumental in bringing to light the details of many -necking murders— for instanoe, these of H«i- Martin, in the ' Bel Barn' ; William 'Wears, ia Gill's Hill Lane ; the atreoitiea of Burke and Hare, in Edinburgh ; and Bishop and Williams, in London ; Suih, the wholesale murderer ; Palmer, the psieoser ; the Mannings, and many ethers. By the-by, with reference to the Bed Born affair, it may be remembered that there was a little bit of adver tising buiatss in that too, for after Cordcr had mur dered kii sweetheart, h» advertised for a wife, and got ome ; and the polioe offioors were able to trace him. to the plaoa where he had settled down with this unfortunate lady, who waB keeping a school. Bat, whatever opinions may be entertained on these points, it is idle to attempt to stem the ourrent of popular excitement in cases of this kind, and, en the whole, I look npon it as a wholesome manifestation. I perceive that amongst other, and more ' chaffing' invitations to a trip ' ap the Pvramatta Eiver,' several steamers are chartered in real earnest for trips of that kind on Easter Monday, and there can be very little donbt that they will be well filled. And certainly I would muoh rather go up by a crowded steamboat in the broad and beautiful sunlight than by 'tho family beat' in the evening, before the moon r«se ! Bat while these realities have batn engrossing our attention and horrifying our minds here, I see that they have got up an abominable impostor of a ghost e.t Melbourne, whose yirn, through the - medium,' about hii having been murdered more than twenty yean ago, is jmst the kind of tale they tell to the Well, now let ui out the uninviting subject, and turn from murder to politics, which is nearly as bad. I see that Parliament is to meet on the 30th April, a»d it will afford some fun to see the three-handed reel which will immediately come off between Martin, Parkes, and Forster. tt will be instructive to see the dodges to ba first with a motion of cen sure ; and here another question has arisen amongst the quidnuncs : Supposing that Mr, Parkes should TOsceeed in carrying such a motion, win. Sir Alfred send for him f All theaa jnatterB are now being dis ouised, in coteries and at street eora- rs ; but we must wait another month far the ringing up of the cottun ; and the most experienoed politician— even Mr. Cover himielf-could net form a guess when ^ the complete estimates for 1872 will be voted ; but as my name is not on them, I am tolerably easy on that score. In tho meantime, it is n. mercy that the rubbirty correspondence in the Herald betweoB some of the leading rivals appears at length to have been brought to a close. I don't know how it is that I— most irreverently, I admit — allow ridiculous matters to mix themselves np in my mind with each serious jokes as politics and Parliament; but the discomfiture which some must necessarily undergo in the coming conflict, and the undignified retreat whifch must be the necessary consequence, calls to mind what is ssid to have occurred to a young French gentleman oa a visit to Rome. He had the good fortune to meet a friend who introduced him to an Italian lady of high rank, and this Italian Princess invited him ts a ball, to be held at her palazza that evening. After gratefully accepting tbe invitation, however, his friend dis covered that he had not a pair of 'tights,' which form the nether part of the full-dress evening eos tnme at Borne. 'What was to be done? There was no time to get a pair made, bo he resclrod ta get s pair of his own black trooiers altered to the requisite shape, aad seat them to the tailor's accordingly. The ball commenced, with a brill ant assemblage, and his nether garment passed off admirably; until, after the heating process of ob« or two danceB, he became conscious of the torturing presence of ten thousand devils in his converted pantaloons. The remainder of the story I give yon verbatim from the text : la all modesty be it said th»t tho Eonui tailor had left multitudinous living things in tho inner seams, and without taking time to cnuh them, turned the pantaloons right side out. The unbsppy Frenchman could stand it no loager. He formed a plan, and wh«H tbe next fut dance commences tosle.ont on the balcony through one of the wiadowi, aad morlng to the end suddenly whipped off the camentloDibles, turned them inside out, and began to beat them agaUit tie marble baUustmde. Unfortunately, in his haste and con fusion, he displayed too much energy. The garment of tor ture escapad his hand and went flying into the street Two young plffarari thought it a gift thrown them from an upcer window, seized it, and beedless of the Frenchman's violent pintemlme— he was afraid to speak— made off with the luckless of clothing. What ns to be done ? Tbe situation was frightful Even tbe dance waa now over, Mid cavaliers were beginning to lead their part ners out into the fresh air of the balcony. He looked np ; It was trident the sky could not be reached. He looked down : nothing could save him if be jumped from such a height. How on earth was he to enter at the window and crosi that room full of elegantly-drested pe-ple to the door at the other elde ? And yet it mutt be done. Our eglle Frenchman came to ene of the windows, stooped down to an almost sitting position, polled Us ianer girraent over hii kneel, and amid little ecieama from the ladies and shouts ol kngnttriroin the men, went hopping like a freg across the room. He almost flew down the stairs, end saved himself from the astonished servants by a rush through the hall. It Is needless to say he left Some the next morning, and has ntver since been seen in the Eternal City. I sincerely trust that none of our members will have to clear out in any such style as this ; bat, from all the threats we hear of 'unmasking' people, and ' pulling off their disguises,' and eo forth, when the Assembly meets, a similar catastrophe, figuratively speaking of course, seems not altogether improbable. Whatever kind of character our new Parliament may receive from outsiders, the experiences of seme of them, judging from their writings, appear to have given them an awful ' down' upon each other. In passimr, it may be mentioned that remarks have been made upon the date fixed for the Parlia mentary meeting, namely, the 20th April, that being the day nppointed for the Agricultural Society's show, to be opened. It is questionable whether it may not be considered extravagant as well as inoeDvenieat to open two ' Great Exhibitions' en the same day. Seme time ago I;|gave, from an English paper, some account of Richard Bayne, a ' converted thief,' who had distinguished himself by preaching and lecturing to the ungodly, in conneotien with the Oity Missionaries and a soap kitehen, bat who wai now basely charged with stealing six pairs of boot 'uppers,' from his employer, though he himself declared that he looked upon the transaction as merely a matter of ' cabbage.' On that ooeasion he had been oommitted for trial ; bnt later arrivals have brought reports of the trial itself, from trhich I find that the base proseontsrs of Mr. Bavne— to wit, the polioe and others— swore that, though in his religiem lectures on Clerkenwell Green and elsewhere he exhorted his hearers to lead a moral, virtuous, and godly life, he himself was at the time indulging in the grossest profligaoy, neglecting his wife, and ?pending upon abandoned women the greater portion of his earnings. Even the Chairman of the Court, Sir W. H, Bodkin, seems to have been prejudiced against this good man, for he called him a great hypocrite as well as a great thief, and sen tenced him to two years' hard labour. Thus ate the righteous rewarded in this wioked world ! But the l&Bt; mail brings us another .oase, in which Mr, Edward Wright, a ' reformed burglar,' had given a ashioaable supper to a large and dutiagoished com pany, and eeems to have been -vary choioe in his selection of them too. Here is the paragraph, record ing this interesting inoident in the haul ten of the Great Metropolis : On Tuesday evening a supper was given te 160 convicted felons, by Ned Wright, the well- known cenverted burglar, at the Mission BaU, Bales-street, High-street, Deptlord. Tit candidates ior tickets of admission were compelled to atteid the night before th supper and give an account of them selves to prove that they really were convicted felons, and by the sharp and close questioning ef Mr. Wright, about lfty were refused tickets as Impostors. Some may disapprove of this extreme exclusive ness, but I think that it is highly to be commended ; and as Mr. Bayne may be taken as a model of pious thievery, Mr. Wright may be aoeepted as the standard of polite and exolusire burglars. I like that notion about the Fijian securities, which of course I know nothing about myself, but it seems reasonable and liberal. Pome incredulous being had hinted in the commercial columns of the Herald that the Fijian securities were not likely to meet with favour, as a former issue of Treasury Bills had been dishonoured : whereapon a respect' able Sydney firm writes rather sternly to your Grandmother, to set her right, and demand a retrao tion, enclosing an extraot from the Official Gazatte of Fiji to the follotviog purport : TreaMur, Levuki, 7th February, 1872. Notice Is hereby given, that the Treasury aotes now being ssued will be taken up is specie from time to Ume (if re quired), as the coin now balng collected from the miens pro vinces is received at tbe Treasury. J. C. Smith, Minister for Finance. Exactly so. There appears to be no denial of the repudiation of former securities— I don't knov whether it was so or not— but though I regret the necessity of announcing it, I am bound to rejoice in the faot, that the present securities are to be taken up from time to time, if 'required, as the tin comes ia. What reasonable man oould ask for more f I consider myself to ba tolerably honest, ' as tha world goea,' but, to show my conscientious approval of this arrangement, as a commercial operation. I am willing, at once, to issue debenture!; to almost any amount, pledging my word of honour to take them up whenever I get hold of the money. Mais ! Que vous voulez P You can't get blood out of a turnip, or take the breeka eff a Hielanman — not that I mean to insinuate that the Fijians are sans eullettes, or ever were s», or if they were, I have no doubt that it was convenient and necessary. Ia my case, I know that I look with envy on the ' Butt Administration' for their-being able to launch a loan at all. I wish I coa:d get a leaf out of their books Dr. Georga J. PattUon, in the Evening Nows of Wednesday last, tells as eo»e of the secrets of the charnel-house — the beastly, loathsome room in which dead bodies are placei, where surgeons have to make post-mortem examinations. hops taat r. Pattuon's letter, besides iaducing the Mayor and Inspector-General of Police to file infor mations against themselves for allowing so foul a nuisance to exist so long, will hare the tfieot of diminishing the number of suicides ; for surely no man of the least intellectual refinement would like to kill himself, with the prospect of his blessed body being carried off to a plaoa like that. It would add to the bitterness of death, and cause, perhaps, one of the greatest friemds of humanity to be regarded with eves greater disgust ihan fear. I have nothing t» Bay, and don't think that much can be added at present, - to theoarrative of the brave and devoted conduct of Sir. C. N. Andrews, in stand ing by the wreok of tne Maria to the last, helping all whom he could help, but ti» wreck broke up and he waB en no more. See i&ay; think this procedure on bis part most censuraUy unntilitarian ; bat he must have been guided entirely by his own ideas of duty. His wife and child, it appears, were on their way to England, where seme small property had been left him, so he must have felt easy about them. A strong and perhaps exaggerated sense of deity, however, or generosity, sometimes makes mea do very foolish things, »r what appear so ; bat, God knows, suoh unselfish examples are not so plentiful in this country as to ba despised. 