IRELAND. From the Dublin Correspondent of the Tablet.) The Sisters of Charity.— The citizens of Kilkenny, presided over by the Coadjutor Bishop of Ossory, held a meeting 'in the Tholsel last week for the purpose of taking- steps to provide a convent in the city for the nuns, also an industrial school and female refug-e to be placed under their charg-e. The sum of £500 was subscribed at the meeting', including £50 from # the Tli all rvn The Sisters of Mercy. — One day last week in Ennis a large number of the inhabitants assembled at the railway station to bid farewell to 11 nuns, belonging to families in the neighborhood, who were departing for the far West to establish a convent at Newtown, in the United States. The Infirmarian Sisters. — A proposition to introduce these Sisters into the hospital of the Wexford Poor Law Union to tend the sick and infirm having been brought forward by Lord Granard, some difficulty has arisen with regard to providing suitable nrt/inmmnnn+i />r> Thfl Jnnn T ,nnr Hnw .. missioners object to any expense being incurred for ' the purpose. A special meeting to consider the subject will be held on the 10th inst. The Political Prisoners. — The Irish Amnesty Association, undaunted by failure, is about again to address the Premier on behalf of the 50 remaining political prisoners. The International Again.— The general council of that infamous society has issued an address, attribut ing their failure in Ireland to " police terrorism" and Government inter ference. Nothing can be further from the truth. The people themselves have steadily and emphatically rejected the Society and its abominable principles ; they have refused its aid on moral grounds alone. Irishmen, tradesmen, and laborers, feel as keenly as those of any other country the pressure caused by the rapidly increasing disproportion between the cost of living and the rate of wages ; but in the aggregate they are determined to be patient, as were their forefathers, and to resort to no ungodly means for the redress of their grievances. Death of the Earl of Clan- carty. — This nobleman died at Salt- hill Hotel, near Dublin, on the 26tli April, aged 69. He is succeeded by his son, Viscount Dunlo. Captain Trench, the petitioner in the Gahvay election case, is a younger son of the deceased earl. The Irish Protestant Church enlarging its Basis. — The subject of admitting the Weslevan Methodists into, union with what was once Episco palian Protestantism, is under discus sion, and in great favor in the Synod. The wide divergence of opinion already existing' amongst the members on some of the most important dogmas of Christianity seems to have prepared the Synod to admit into the fold all comers, whether Methodists, Presby terians, or Calvinists. The addition or subtraction of a doctrine more or ' ess is of little moment. By-and-bye the right of private judgment will have so far asserted itself that Moseems and Jews need not despair of admission into the bosom of the " Irish Church," without giving up any of their peculiar views. Nearly all, however, are agreed as to the desirability of getting rid of what they term the " damnatory clause " of the Athanasian Creed. In fact, damnatory clauses of any kind are particularly objectionable to them. Galway Election Petition. — Mr. John Walker, of Liverpool, an English gentleman, who was fortuna tely present at the conversation which took place between the Rev. P. Con way and Mr. Blake, of Tuam, abso lutely contradicts the testimony of the latter gentleman with reference to Mr. Conway having said, when referring to Mr. Kirwan's death : " He's down — down, I'll put you all down ; " or " He's dead— he could not help dying, Ln/innfin T nniic«nr1 lnm " Hflinn mony as to improper ' expressions having been made use of by the clergy has been contradicted by trustworthy evidence. His Grace the Archbishop of Tuam, in his evidence, said that every student of theology knows that it is the duty of the clergyman to advise the people as to the qualifica tion of candidates for any position to which they are elected by suffrage, and also to sustain their hearts and con sciences against temptation from what ever quarter it comes — to secure them perfect freedom. He denied that coer cion or threats of any kind were used. 1 1 Mi <i IJ i p1» nn /-\£ U n 1 tt» mr nm <-1 4-1 1 n t t-\ n t r JLBU JLUOUUjJ UJL KACllWaj Bll-iU ULLUU ctilj "undue influence" would have been unnecessary, as well as improper, as the people were determined that even if the priests were against them they would not vote for Captain Trench : and he said, I know that of my own knowledge ; if any priest showed any leaning for Captain Trench, that priest would be a marked man among his own congregation. Captain Cowan, a landed proprietor, said that if the tenants were left to themselves they would have polled to a man in favor of Captain Nolan, but that coerced by the landlord, they would vote for the " gentleman in black." Law Students Keeping Terms in England. — The useless and ab surd custom of eating- a number of bad dinners in England as a qualification for admission to the Irish Bar, which it is proposed to abolish, is for some reason or other defended by the Benchers. The Bar and the students are in favor of the abolition. The New Representative of Wexford. — Mr. William Archer Red mond is the second son of the late Mr. Patrick Walter Redmond, of Rockville, who was a magistrate and deputy-lieu tenant of the county of Wexford, and who died in 1869. The newly elected member was born in 1824, and was educated , at Trinity College, Dublin, where he took his B.A. degree in 1847. He is a magistrate for the county of Wexford. The Parish of Callan. — The following correspondence between the Rev. Robert O'Keeffe, of Callan, and R:ght Rev. Dr. Moran, Coadjutor Bishop of Ossory, has been published in the Freeman's Journal : — " To the Right Rev. Dr. Moi'an. i "Callan, Saturday, April 27, 1872. " Right Rev. Sir — It has been an nounced more than once in the Friary Chapel of this town that you would administer the Sacrament of Confirma tion on a day of next month to the children of this parish in that chapel, but I hereby inform you that I will not allow you to administer that sacrament to any parishioner of mine, except in my church, and on my presentation of the subject. You cannot be so ignorant as not to know that the parish priest is accountable to God for the proper re ception of sacraments by his people, and that no other priest or bishop can administer holy things to his people in violation of his canonical rights. I therefore announce to you my determi nation and that of my two congrega tions, for whom I shall read this letter to-morrow morning before I send it to you, not to permit you to confirm a single child of my parish in opposition to the canons of the Church. Thanks to a merciful Providence, and the im plicit confidence of my attached flock in their pastor, I am well able to hold my own, and to ' treat any invasion of my civil or ecclesiastical rights with the moral or physical resistance which may be necessary to repel aggression juxta moderamen inculpate tutelce .' — 1 remain, Jttight Rev. feir, your obedient servant, "Robert O'Keefe, P.P." (The inverted commas are the Rev. Mr. O'Keefe's.) Letter of the Coadjutor Bishop in reply : — " To the Rev. Robert O'Keefe, " Kilkenny, 2nd May, 1872. " My dear Father O'Keefe — In reply to the letter dated April 27, with which you have favored me, permit me to say that I am not annoyed in the least by the threats which it intimates. jl IlaVe clvilUI LcU LIJt5 Ut/YUtcU ldlLIlIUi 01 this diocese to emulate the virtues and to walk in the footsteps of their fathers, and it is my own desire, as it is my duty, to do the same. You will agree with me that' I would be unworthy of being ranked among the Bishops of Ireland, were I not prepared to follow the example of those heroic prelates who, by their sufferings, maintained the purity and liberty of the Church, and handed down to us the priceless treasure of our holy faith. They were not deterred by threats from the dis charge of the duties which they owed the Church, and they mounted the scatroici wiui joy, anu suunnceu men' lives sooner than become hireling pastors, or scandalize their flocks. For my part I will be only too happy to receive insults — nay, more, I will joyfully lay down my life, if, by doing so, I may withdraw even one of the straying faithful of Callan from the brink of the abyss on which they now stand. " As I have said so much on this head, I may add that I never in my life felt so honored as when, on the occasion of my first visit to Callan, one poor man thought fit to insult me. I am more indebted to that poor man than I can sav. and were it in mv power to confer any favor on him, I would deem it a duty to do so ; for no other person has conferred a greater J honor on me. And I felt that honor the more because it was my happy ' privilege to receive those insults in Holy "Week, the time especially set aside for meditating on the sufferings and humiliations of Our dear Saviour for love of us. " And now, dear Father O'Keefe, rest assured that I have no sentiments in your regard save only those of affec tionate paternal love, and I cherish the fond hope that one day I may be able to give you the kiss of peace. At the same time I must candidly assure you that you delude yourself when you still assume the title of parish priest of 1 Callan, and when, in your letter to me, you refer to ecclesiastical canons which have no existence, save in your own imagination. You have ceased to be parish-priest of Callan, and any of your former flock who now refuse to recognise the present Roman Catholic Administrator are separating themselves from the Catholic Church. " As to your duties in regard to the past I will say nothing. But this I will say, that if any of those souls, so dear to Jesus Christ, who are now straying away from the fold of truth, still hear your voice, it is your duty to exhort them to return without delay to the Sacraments of God, and to the one saving fold of the Redeemer ; fo, without returning to this unity of the Church of Christ, they can have no participation in the Sacrament of Con firmation, or in our other holy Sacra- mpnt.s "The Feast of S. Athanasius, which we celebrate to-day, reminds me of how strenuously that holy doctor labored in his day to prevent schism, and how the dreadful punishments of God fell on the impious leader of the Arians. I trust that all true children of Christ through out Ireland will unite with me in pray ing that no schism may ever distract our poor Church, which has assuredly suffered enough during the past three centuries ; and should any one be so foolish as to refuse to hear the Church of God, which is the pillar and founda tion of truth, I pray that God may visit him, not in wrath, but in mercy, and may bring him back speedily to the fold of salvation. " Thirteen centuries ago the great ornament of our Church, S. Colum- banus. thus addressed Pone Boniface : — 1 We are the scholars of S. Peter and S. Paul and of all the disciples subscribing by the Holy Ghost to the Divine canon. We are all Irish inhabi tants of the most remote part of the whole world, receiving nothing, save what is the evangelic and apostolic doctrine. None of us has been a : leretic, none a J ew, none a schismatic ; but the faith just as it was first delivered to us by you, the successors of the Apostles, is held unshaken. ..." We are bound to the Church of S. Peter, and, although Rome is great and illustrious, it 'is only through the chair of truth that she is great and re nowned amongst us.' We are in- ' debted to the blessing of our Apostle, S. Patrick, for the privileges thus en joyed by our Church. Oh' ! may that blessing of our Apostle ever remain on our poor country ; and may it ever be our boast and our pride that we allow no schism to take root amongst us. Praying that the God of peace, of mercy, and of love may ever guide our steps, believe me to remain, yours affectionately in Christ, " f Patrick F. Moran. " Rev. Robert O'Keeffe, Callan." 