GREAT FIRE AT YEDDO. TreL Japan Evening Mail gives th "efol lowing account of the great fire which occurred at the capital on the 3rd April, and remarks that the only conflagration which could be compared with it took place eighteen years ago. Two square miles of a crowded city laid waste; thirty thousand persons rendered homeless; toen thousand houses have been burnt; and from 250 to 350 persons have been killed. The fire, from all that can be learned, broke out at a quarter past three p.m. on Wednesday, April 3rd, in an aidzu yas. hiki, within the second moatof the castle. A gale was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Suddenly the fire jumped, as it were, the two moats, the intervening roads, and a whole block of houses, and then struck a Japanese house, and with almost the speed of 'lightning rushed on. wards towards the Tokaido. lMeaunwhile the fire also worked in the other direction against the wind, and burned up the block of houses which had before escaped. The space between the castle and the To. kaido is now nothing but a heap of ruins, with hero and there a mud godown stand ing uninjured, like the ghost of the houses which before surrounded it. Not one stone remains standing on another, not one house has escaped the general de. struetion ; from the Nihou Busebi down. ward in a line with Tskidji, and from the castle to the sea, is one bare field of des,. lation and ruin. Crossing the Tokaido, the houses have been burnt in every direction, and the people rendered house loss have camped out. Dejectoled and sorrowful, they sit in groups round a mat or blanket on which isatepread a little food; their misery is indeed terrible to witnests, and yet with the thousands who are housoloss it is impossible for any but Government to administer relief, Passing along Kohoeioao.streot, on the left, opposite ,lr. Wator's h.use, was once ia mass of houses. Not one remains ; all are levelled to the grooed ; and here the flamns have been so inaruseu that some of the mud godowns event have sucoumbed. On the right, Mr. Water's ho.use was saved, but next door the Kobusho has al most entirely disappeared Again moving on, we come to the tem. pie of ,\lonseki, of which n.thing remains but a bronze vase, wshich used to stand in the centre of the temple. Walls, roofs, everythling has gone, and this vase only rerains to point out the .pot where the teunple once stood. The stone wall which runs along the street at the point had evi deutly boon licked by the flames, for the face of the stone was caleined, and crum. bled away at tie teouch; And hrer was to be seen a touching eight. Some poor man, who believed that he would bo.shel. tored by the wall, had brought all his household property add furniture, and laid it ih the road, when the flames amoe, and all that he had loft was a heap of eshos. Again further on, c come to the French 'hotol, of whlih nothing is left but the dooking apparatus, and piled away in a hleal. is a mrraes of twisted iron, once the bedsteads of, the hotel. Ofoso by has been another instance of good fortune; for the English consulato and Mr. Siobold's house haves entirely oesaped damage, though tire palings have boon burnt in many places. Suoh good fortune as this is rare indeed, and thebo only house within the burnt dis riot which have been saved are MRr, Water's and thosa on the English consulate compound. Lio king back from this, we see the Oustom.lruse lot, for no Oustn.lhousoe-exists now tire place beine filld witlr the ruins of that long range of buildings. Here the fire seems to lhav stepped on Thursday morning. Th foreign cocoes slin was saved, and the )fnrignors also living further away alsoufforod no loss: but had thle wind shilfted, as it tlhroetoned to do about eleven' o'oloe at night, not only the foreign eone sion, but every house for miles would Ie vo boon utterly destroyed. Thite is all that as to be seeon on .Thursday morningbut the soeno witnessed by those wthi were in Yedo during the fro. was heir bio indeed. An oyowltness toells us thnt ~t a quarter.past 0, when the firo broke eot, no one thought urrybring of it, but as it lonped from blnok to blrrk, firing at several planes ti once, the d4tgor was felt to be Immlrion't, The ttonp i Ithe Yrodr I 'I-aitol o'ero ronly into a piaece of safety, add several fielgnores living in the Fireoh Hotel' removed their hIggage to the forolgrn ost tlemont, Anctlher geoitlotunn who was near the Onstlo at thaie nitbpak oif the fire saw at least fllty porsnns carrietd by on stIretohers, nearly all 'dind ' while a thirdl witness who was'in Teklidji saw lreat numbers denad by sulficallon or fire, Shrtheors throw their Uhiltror away frim thomr--uto thie watler toh drowned. or on to thie ground to ire bu?i t-and ruslhed on to save thomseolves Two.wordod men, drunk with oxzoloqmt, out. and hewed in all diroations, I thie man wiho wore seeoon disabled by hword.cute were too numerous to countl, In oonrtradtlina. tlon io thlf sdaughltors woro to be soon oarrying tirhbr falrers and mothiers away, ohildrorn just old nloah rto understsnd what wasn going qIrq holpid ato save theIor parents fron doritlatction,sane l.whiat was tloro touaohing than all, wasn to son in the dlinanoce people fall nuder thiroi burden, to to overtalten by the finelon before they could rise, Such soones as those land nt ahltlntinal Ihorror to the lalglht already sumoioently teorrltlei and thoughI at this stage, wheon all is oxcoitomenOnt and uncor. tainly, tholosa of.llfo nnd property can, not be acourately judged, we feel assured that we have rather under than over stated the extent of the misfortune.. About 10,000 houses were burnt, plano. ing 50,000 people in the open air at the lowest caloulation. The loss of property must exceed a couple of millions of dollars The yaehiki, where the fire originated, was in the possession of the War Office, and used by them as a by store. It was in charge of one man, who has, of course, been arrested. Thirty officials of the Foreign Office were burnt out, from the Vice Minister downwards. Sawn and Date, both of whom have been Foreign Ministers at diffeteot periods, were also burnt out, and Date's son, the ex-Prinoo of Uwajima. The distress is overwhelming, and a meeting of the Yokohama Chamber of Commerce has taken place, at which a memorial has been sent to the Governor of Kanagawa, expressing the willingness of the foreign community to render such assistance as is in their power. 