THE EEV. W. SCOTT ON THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. The letter from the Rev. W. Scott which we published in our last issue, viewed as a defence of the claims of the Ano-lican Establishment to be con- sidered a Church, must, we think, be acknowledged on all hands to be a singularly weak production — much more so even, than his first letter on this subject. If those who feel suffi- cient interest in this controversy will compare Mr. Scott's last letter with the article to which it professes to be an answer, appearing in our issue of Nov. 29, they will recognize at once the justice of our observations. In his first letter Mr. Scott maintained that the Anglican Church was definite in her teaching with regard to fundamental doctrines, some of which he enumerated, and that she possessed the two essential characteristics of a Church — viz., a real priesthood and valid sacraments. In our reply we combatted both these pro positions, and in support of our argu ments adduced evidence drawn from authentic sources. In his second letter Mr. Scott simply reasserts his former propositions, without even attemptiug to rebut the evidence brought against them. Some of the questions raised by us he replies to in part, while others he ignores altogether. First of all, with regard to the definiteness of Anglican doctrine. On this point Mr. Scott re asserts his former propositions, and by way of proof he refers us to sundry articles and offices in the Anglican Prayer-Book, in which he con siders certain fundamental doctrines are clearly laid down, such as the Atone ment of our Blessed Lord, the Mystery of the Holy Trinity, Baptismal Rege neration, the Real Presence of Christ in the Holy Eucharist, the Authority of the Church, the Reality of the Priesthood, and Apostolical Succession. Did time and space admit of our entering into a detailed analysis of the Articles and Offices to which Mr. Scott: refers us, we could show that in them several of the above doctrines are by no means clearly laid down, but, on the contrary, are referred to only in a very vague and obscure manner. This, however, is not the point at issue between ourselves and Mr. Scott. We never denied that these doctrines were taught in some portions of the Anglican .ritual and Articles; but the question for Mr. Scott to answer is this — How can these, or any other doctrines, however clearly laid down in some parts of the Prayer- Book, be said to be part of the faith of the Anglican Church when they are equally as clearly denied in other parts of the same Prayer-Book? That this is the case we proved in our article of Novembe" 29, with respect to one of Mr. Scott's "fundamental" doctrines, viz., ! the Holy Eucharist. In one part of the Communion Office the Real Presence is, as Mr. Scott says, clearly taught, but in another part it is just as clearly denied. Now, as a thing cannot be and not be at the same time, the question naturally arises, which is the belief of the Anglican Church — the belief, or non-belief in the Real Pre sence ? It is idle for Mr. Scott to attempt to explain away the palpable contradiction by telling us that the words were at first real presence, and afterwards changed into corporeal pre sence, because we are not now discussing what was, but what is the teaching of the Anglican Church. We know that there was a time when Transubstantiation, Celibacy of the Clergy, Auricular Confession, &c.;, were articles of faith in the Anglican Establishment, but this was when Henry VIII. occupied the position of Head of the Church. In the reigns of Edward VI. and Elizabeth fresh altera tions were made, and what were before the divinely-inspired doctrines of Chris tianity then became " blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits." There is, however, no appreciable difference in the signification of the words " Real Presence of the Body of Christ" and " Corporeal Presence of Christ." Either Christ's Body is or is not pre sent in the Holy Eucharist. The Anglican Church in one place says " It is," and in another place "It is not," and therefore her teaching cannot in any sense ot the word be said to be definite on this point. We now come to a subject intimately connected with the one we have just been discussing, viz., the " Reality of the Priesthood." Mr. Scott says the teaching of the Anglican Church is definite on this point, and refers us to the Ordinal of the Church of England, and to the Office for the Visitation of the Sick. We fail to see, however, that anything more is here inculcated than the power of a priest to forgive sins — a power which in practice is repudiated by nine-tenths of the Anglican clergy. As we pointed out in the article before referred to, a priest hood necessarily implies a sacrifice — in fact to offer sacrifice is the principal and most essential duty of a priest — I but as there is no sacrifice to offer in the Anglican Establishment, it is clear that she can have no need of priests. Mr. Scott asks us to read various portions of the Ordination and Consecration Offices, for the purpose of satisfying' ourselves that the Anglican Church does teach the doctrine of the Apostolic Succession ; but we will again ask Mr. Scott in what way does he improve his position by quoting articles and formularies to show that certain doctrines are taught therein, when he has not even shown what position these said formularies hold in the Anglican Church ? Are they gene rally recognised by members of that Church as an exposition of their faith ? If not, it can scarcely be expected that Catholics will regard them in that light? If they are, how comes it to pass that those doctrines are all, or nearly all, more or less repudiated by Anglicans themselves ? Mr. Scott acknowledges himself unable to account for the differences of opinion among the Anglican clergy, but he then says we " would not care to have to account for the differences of opinion which exist in the Roman Communion." To this we reply there are no such differences of opinion in the Roman Communion. In the Catholic Church the distinction between articles of faith and mere matters of opinion is clearly defined, and while in the region of the latter the fullest scope is allowed, in the domain of faith unity is an in dispensable condition of membership. Whenever a Catholic — be he bishop, priest, or layman — departs from the defined doctrines of the Church he is called upon to abjure his errors, which if he fails to do he is at once cut off from the communion of the Church, and he ceases to be a Catholic. In the Anglican Church, on the other hand, there are no articles of faith, but any number of opinions. Mr. Scott tells us that the Atonement, Real Presence, Apostolical Succession, &c.;, are doc trines of the Anglican Church ; but if they are why is not a belief in them made a condition of membership, as in the Catholic Church ? How can that be said to be the creed of a Church which is not believed in by the mem bers of that Church ? Of those which Mr. Scott enumerates as the- funda mental doctrines of the Anglican Church there are some which are repu diated by the majority of Anglicans, and scarcely one which has not been and is not now called in question by some of those holding high offices of emolu ment in the Church. It is not many years since a Socinian was consecrated Bishop of Hereford, and there is nothing to prevent an Atheist or a Deist from one day becoming Arch bishop of Canterbury. The appoint ment is vested in the Prime Minister for the time being, and whomever he appoints the Bishops are bound to con secrate, under a penalty of prccmunire. As might be expected, under such a system political motives usually guide the' choice of the Prime Minister. Nominally a Bishop is elected by the Chapter of the Diocese, but in reality the members of that august body have no more voice in his election than has the Sultan of Turkey. A mandate is sent down to the Dean and Chapter by the Prime Minister, which by a pleasant- fiction is termed a conge d' elire (leave to elect ), but as this document contains the name of the person who has been elected by the Crown it gives no per mission to elect, but simply authority to consecrate. The Dean and Chapter, however, assemble and go through thev solemn farce of invoking the aid of the Holy Ghost to aid them in their choice of a fit and proper person to succeed to the vacant bishopric, although they know at the same time that they have no choice but to approve of the person who has been nominated in the royal man date. This, then, is what Mr. Scott calls " Apostolical Succession," and upon this foundation he bases the claims of the Anglican Establishment to the possession of a " real priesthood" and " valid sacraments." Talk about Roman additions ! Surely this is a most monstrous Anglican addition to the primitive faith — a hideous excre scence, calculated to produce the most fatal consequences. Can any one imagine for a moment the Apostle S. Peter or S. Paul consecrating to the office of chief pastors in the Church the nominees of the Emperor Nero ? Perhaps Mr. Scott will exclaim, " Nero was a heathen." True; but what is there to prevent a heathen becoming Sovereign of England, and therefore Supreme Head of the Anglican Church? In 1688 a Dutch Calvinist was elevated to that position, and it is notorious that the office of Prime Minister has fre quently been filled by men who. neither believed nor professed the Anglican faith. Independently, however, of the method of appointing Bishops, there is another matter which very seriously affects the claims of the Anglican Church to the possession of Apostolical Succession, viz., the carelessness with which Baptism is administered by Church of England clergymen. In stead of pouring the water upon the child, as is invariably done in the Catholic Church, the officiating minister dips his fingers in the water and shakes them over the child. Now, considering the manner in which children are wrapped up when brought to the font, there is great risk of the few drops of water falling from the fingers, not upon the head of the child, but upon its clothes, in which case, of course, the child is not baptised at all. We have ourselves witnessed numerous baptisms in the Anglican Churches, of which we should not like to assert positively that any water came in contact with the children, and we once heard of an Anglican clergyman who boasted that he always baptised in winter with a damp finger, because the water was " too cold for the' babies." We believe, too, there has been one Archbishop of Canterbury of whom it was well known that he had never been baptised. We cannot for the moment recollect his name, but, if Mr. Scott chooses to challenge the fact, we think we can hunt it up. The gravity of this defect in the Anglican Establishment cannot be overrated, when it is considered that an unbaptised person can neither confer nor receive Orders ; and as it is by no means certain with regard to many Anglicans whether they have ever been baptised, it is evident that there can be no certainty as to the validity of their Orders or Sacraments, even on the supposition that their hierarchy could prove their Apostolical descent. Mr. Scott declines to give us the evidence we asked him for as to the validity of the Anglican claims to the possession of a true priesthood and valid Sacra ments for two reasons, viz., that " to do so would be to give a history of tho Church since the Reformation," and that " the onus probandi lies on us who deny these claims, rather than on him who asserts them." With regard to the first we fail to see in what way a history of the Church since the Refor mation would elucidate the mystery. No one disputes that the Anglican episcopacy can be traced to Parker, but there the chain ends. What is wanted is the connecting link between him and the Catholic episcopate existing in England at the time of the Reforma- tiop. If Mr. Scott will adduce some of the many and clear proofs which he says exist of Parker's consecration by some one who possessed the necessary canonical authority he will gain an im portant point, but he can scarcely expect us to be satisfied with his bare assertion that these "many and clear proofs exist." Mr. Scott's second reason for declining to give the evidence we asked for astonishes us in no slight degree. Surely Mr. Scott must have worked very hard at his theology to have so far forgotten his logic as he appears to have done, when he gravely tells us that the onus probandi lies on us who deny, rather than on him who asserts. If it does, all we can say is that it is an entirely new principle in logic. When we were at school we were always taught that " the burden of proof lies, not with those who deny, but with those who assert a proposi tion ;" and this certainly seems to us more consistent with reason, for it is impossible to prove a negative other wise than by showing that there is no proof of the affirmative, and this is the position at present in regard to Parker's consecration and the validity of An glican Orders and Sacraments. Al though, however, there is no proof whatever of Parker ever having been validly consecrated, there is very strong presumptive evidence to the contrary. In the .first place it is certain that the doctrines of the founders of the Angli can Church were very loose as to the necessity of consecration and ordi nation. Burnet, in his " History of the Reformation," tells us that Cranmer solemnly subscribed his name to the position that Princes and Governors, no less than Bishops, can make priests, and that no consecration is appointed . by Scripture to make a Bishop or priest. In Collier's " Ecclesiastical flistory," vol. ii., p. 135, we learn that Barlow, on the validity of whose con secration thiit of Matthew Parker and of all succeeding Bishops chiefly rests, preached openly that the king's appoint ment, without any orders or ordination whatsoever, suffices to make a Bishop. This was in reply to those who objected against him that he had never been consecrated. In fact, no record of such consecration has ypt been found. Richardson, in his " Notes on Godwin's Commentary, p. 642, is forced to confess as follows : — " Dies consecrationis ejus (Barlow) nondum apparet ." The want of valid consecration is no new charge against Elizabeth's Bishops, for in the books of controversy which have been handed down to us from that time we find that the Catholic Doctors Harding, Bristowe, and Cardinal Allen, who had been fellow-students, and intimately acquainted with the first Protestant Bishops under Elizabeth, constantly reproached them in the ' most pointed terms that they had never been conse crated at all, and that they in their voluminous replies never accepted the challenge or refuted the charge, other wise than by ridiculing the Catholic consecration. Among the elegant ex- presssons used by them we find the fol lowing : — " Let them keep their greasy, stinking Orders " In the year 16i3, fifty years after the beginning of the contro versy, when Mason, chaplain to Arch bishop Abbott, published a work re ferring to an alleged register at Lambeth of Archbishop Parker's consecration by Barlow, assisted by Scorey and Cover- dale, the learned Catholics at once pronounced it a forgery, unheard of till that date , and asserted, among other arguments, that, admitting the register to be genuine, it was of no avail, as the pretended consecration of Parker, though he had sat in several Sees, had not himself been consecrated for any of them. That what we have adduced is very strong presumptive evidence against the maintenance of Apostolical Succession in the Anglican Church must, we think, be admitted ; but we have by no means exhausted the diffi culties which lie in the way of an acceptance of Mr. Scott's theory; for, even if Parker's consecration were proved, there would still remain the very serious cpiestion to be solved whether the form ot ordaining which was in use for over a hundred years after the Reformation was such as could suffice for the conferring of Orders ; and even if this difficulty were removed there would still remain the obvious defect of mission and j urisdiction to be got over. It would occupy too much space were we to enlarge upon this subject now, but, if Mr. Scott desires it, we will explain more fully what we mean by a defect of mission and juris diction in a future article. Referring to our statement in a previous article respecting the non- recognition of Anglican . Orders by the Oriental . Communions, Mr. Scott wants to know how it came to pass that the Archbishop of Syra and Tenos gave the Benediction from the altars of Anglican Cathedrals at home ; that he addressed himself to the Archbishop of Canterbury and York in terms of brotherly love, and received the Holy Communion at their hands ; and how it comes to pass -that the Patriarch of Constantinople acknowledges those Orders in his letter to the Archbishop of Canterbury? To these queries we must reply by asking a few questions of Mr. Scott. st. Did the Archbishop of Syra and Tenos give the Benediction from the altars of the Anglican Cathedrals, and if so, to what extent could that act be construed into a recognition of Anglican Orders ? 2nd. Did he receive the Holy Communion at the hands of the Archbishop of Canterbury and York? 3rd. Did the Patriarch of Constanti nople acknowledge the validity of An glican Orders in his ' letters to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and if so, in what terms ? Will Mr. Scott be good enough to quote them.5' "We remember reading an account some thing like twelve months ago of the visit of the Archbishop of Syra and Tenos to England, but as far as our recollection serves us he did nothing more than partake of the ordinary hos pitalities with which English gentlemen entertain their visitors ; but even if he did perform the acts attributed to him, they would scarcely suffice to establish a recognition of Anglican Orders of the Oriental Communions, for in the first place ine urcuoisuop uiu not visit England in the character of a repre sentative of the Communion to which he belonged, nor have the courtesies extended to him ever been reciprocated by the Greek or any of the Oriental Communions. Does Mr. Scott suppose for an instant that if the Archbishop of Canterbury went to Constantinople or to S. Petersburgh, lie, Would be allowed to officiate in any of their churches ? Is it not notorious that Anglican bishops and ministers out of England and .-English dependencies are everywhere regarded as mere laymen and heretics ? Is it not a fact, too, that when a copy of the- Anglican Prayer-book was sent to the Patriarch of Constantinople, he returned it with the remark that it con tained some very strange doctrines. When we come to consider, too, the wide and essential differences of belief between the Oriental and Anglican Communions, the bare idea of the pos- sibility of any mutual recognition or interchange of communion seems to us simply ridiculous. The former believe in Seven Sacraments — Transubstantia- tion, Purgatory, Invocation of Saints, &c.;, while the hitter believes in but two Sacraments, and rejects the remaining five as " a corrupt following of the Apostles," calls the Sacrifice of the Mass a blasphemous fable, and Pur gatory, Invocation of Saints, &c.;, fond things vainly invented," &c.; Is .it probable, then, that those who hold Orders to be one of the Sacra ments of the New Law will ever recog nise as brethren those who reject its Sacramental character, and denounce it. as a " corrupt following of the Apostles?" No amount of banquet ing and post-prandial oratory will ever suffice to clear away these difficulties, whatever degree of importance Mr. Scott may think proper to attach to them. Mr. Scott refers us to the XX. Article as distinctly defining the autho rity of the Church, and then asks us — " What greater claim could she make than in asserting that she is the witness and keeper of Holy Writ." Certainly the claim is great enough, but the question is not so much what the Anglican Church claims as the extent to which she can support her claims. With regard to this particular one, however, we will take upon our selves the task of showing that she has not the slightest shadow of a title to the claim. The only Church which can in any sense of the word be said to be the witness and keeper of Holy VvL-it is the Church which has carefully preserved the Sacred Writings, and handed them down to us in their ori ginal purity and integrity, viz., the Catholic Church. As for the Anglican Church — and this applies equally 10 all Protestant denominations — it is not yet even decided upon the question as to what is Holy Writ, and those parts of it which it has thought proper to accept as Divinely inspired, it has cor rupted and falsified in such a manner as to entirely destroy their value as a rule of faith. These, it will be said, are serious indictments, and so they are, but they are not more serious than true, as we will now proceed to prove. Mr. Scott says the language of the Angli can formularies is clear and distinct enough for him, but if it is, all we can say is that he is very easily satisfied. Let us see, then, how far the teaching of the Anglican Church can be said to be clear and distinct upon the question as to what is the Holy Writ of which it claims to bo the "witness and keeper." Mr. Scott will doubtless refer us to the Sixth Article, which reads thus : — " In the name of the Holy Scriptures we do understand those canonical books of the Old and New Testament, of whose authority there never was any doubt in the Church," and then a list of the books in King James's version is given, " and the other books (as Hierome),- saith the Church doth read for example of life and instruction in manners, but yet doth it not apply them to establish any doctrine." This at first sight appears definite as to what Holy Scrip ture consists of, but there are two serious objections to it. In the first place it is not true that there was never any doubt in the Church of the authority of the Books enumerated in the first list, for concerning several of them it is well known that there was for some time very considerable doubt of their authenticity, viz., the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Second Epistle of S. Peter, the Second and Third Epistles of S. John, the Epistle of S. James, the Epistle of S. Jude, and the Apocalypse. In the second place among the books which in the Sixth Article are called Apocryphal, and therefore not portions of Holy Scrip ture, are several which in the Anglican Homilies are distinctly named as, or virtually acknowledged to be inspired writings. In the first Homily against rebellion, Baruch is twice called a prophet, and his book cited as a portion of the Holy Scriptures. In the second Homily an alms deeds Tobias is distinctly stated to be inspired by the Holy Scriptures. The Book of Wisdom, too, which is referred to eleven times in the Homilies for Rogation Week, is cited as a work of Solomon. Since, then, the Thirty-nine Articles and the Homilies manifestly contradict each other, what becomes of the authority of the Church as the witness and keeper of Holy Writ which '' is so clearly laid down in the Sixth Article?" Mr. Scott cannot escape from the difficulty by repudiating the Homilies as an Exposition of Faith without also repudiating the Articles, for in the Thirty-fifth Article the two books of the Homilies are referred to as containing "godly and wholesome doctrine, necessary for these times," and are ordered "to be read in churches by the minister diligently and distinctly that they may be under- standed of the people." Having, then, proved our first point, that Anglicans have no c.-rtainty as to what is or is not Holy Writ, we will now proceed to establish our second point, viz., that Anglicans and Protestants generally neither have, nor ever have had, any thing approaching to a correct transla tion even of the books which they hold to be canonical and inspired. Of the translations which were in use during the reigns of Henry VIII., Edward, and Elizabeth, we have the testimony of Acts of Parliament during that time, and other Protestants that they were corrupt and untrustworthy. Of Tyn- dal's translation, to which so much praise was originally given by Anglican reformers, it was enacted by the autho rity of Parliament in 1543, " that all manner of books of the Old and New Testament, of the crafty, false, and untrue translation of Tyndal, be forth with abolished and forbidden to be used and kept; also, that all other Bibles, not being of Tyndal's transla tion, in which were found any pre ambles or annotations, other than the quotations or summary of the chapters, should be purged of the said preambles or annotations, either by cutting them out, or blotting them in such wise that fliov rrmvlif Tint: Iia npvppfvprl va»h1 »/ L f and finally, that the Bible be not read openly in any church, but by leave of the Xing, or of the ordinary of the place ; nor privately by any women, artificers, apprentices, journey men, hus bandmen, labourers, or by any of the servants of yeomen , or under" See Burnet, vol. vi., p. 321. Pretyman, vol. ii., p. 13, informs us that in the last year of his reign, Henry issued a proclamation, prohibiting' the having and reading of Wycliffe's, Tyndal's, and Coverdale's translations, and for bidding the " use of any others not allowed by Parliament." During the reign of Elizabeth, numerous editions were issued of the Geneva and Bishop's Bible, but with these the prelates and ministers of James I. were as little satisfied as former ministers had been with Tyndal's, Coverdale's, and Wy cliffe's translations. Some of the clergy of the diocese of Lincoln, denounced the translations as sometimes " absurd and senseless, perverting in many places the meaning of ' the Holy Ghost." Broughton, in his advertise ments relative to the corruption of the Bible, tells the Bishops that "their public translation of the Scriptures into English is such, that it perverts the text of the Old Testament in eight hundred and forty places, and causes millions of millions to reject the New Testament, and run to eternal flames." Here, then, is a fact of very serious import to those Protestants who appeal to the Bible as the sole rule of faith. There was no correct or authorized version ot tne oacretl scriptures in the Anglican Establishment till seventy years after the Reforma tion, and therefore during that time the faith of Anglicans and of all Protestants was derived from a corrupt source. Protestants were told to learn their faith from the Scriptures, while those Scriptures themselves, if we may credit Protestant testimon, needed re formation. Under these circumstances, no one can feel surprised at the errors of the Anglican Establishment, noi at the number of Dissenters from the estab lished faith and worship. In conse quence of these and similar strictures on the versions then in use, it was decided by James I. that a new translation should be issued, and the task was en trusted to forty-seven individuals, of whom the greatest sycophant of the age, Bancroft, was the chief overseer and taskmaster. The translators were by no means distinguished by their talents or erudition, and therefore were ill qua lified to pronounce an opinion either on the meaning of the sacred word, or the real character of those inspired writings which they unhesitatingly cast out of the Canon of Scripture, and denounced as apocryphal, in opposition to nearly the whole of Christendom. They were men too, whose religious opinions were already fixed. They were members of a Church which, though it disclaimed infallibility, bound down all its follow ers to a certain code of belief. They were believers in the Thirty- nine Ar ticles, and no one who has had airy- experience of the influence of ^re-con ceived opinions can doubt for a moment that such belief would materially influ ence the translators in the work in which they were engaged, and induce them to attach a meaning to every doubtful text, according rather with their own, than with the belief of a rival Church. That the version which they produced and dedicated in terms of the most sickening adulation, to " the most high and mighty Prince James, "whom the Due de Sully very appropriately termed " the wisest fool in Europe," is full of grave inaccuracies, is proved on the testimony of more than one Pro testant scholar — Archbishop Newcome, Symonds, Wakefield, and Blackwall, condemn it in unequivocal terms. One of the ablest scholars Protestantism can boast of, Professor Lowth, of Oxford, referring to the Masorite interpretation of the Old Testament, which was closely adhered to by King James' translators, denounces it as erroneous and decep tive. " Their infallible Masora (he says) boasted to have been an edifice raised by wise master-builders on the rock of divine authority, proves to have been framed by unskilful hands, and built on sand ; its foundation has been shaken, and it now totters to its fall." So much for the Old Testament ; let us now see wlipflipp t.liPPP. is miv hpf.t.Pi OMinrnntpo for the genuineness of King J ames' ver sion of the New Testament. That there are numerous copies of the New Testament differing consider ably from one another, is well-known, and for the sake of convenience they have been reduced to certain classes and families such as the Alexandrine and Constantinopolitan, the common Greek Y ulgate, and the editions of Lyschius, Lucian, and Origen. That all these copies do not represent the original, is obvious. The question then is, which does, and was this the copy followed by the English translators of the version published in 1611. The labors and researches of Protestant critics, such as Mills, Bentler, Kcnnicot, Hug, and Scholz, resulted in proving that the wording of the sacred text was in a more lamentable state than the text of any profane author. Mills reckoned his va riations by tens of thousands ; and Bentley, notwithstanding his efforts to reduce the number, was forced to allow that in his editions, there would be " near ly six thousand variations, great and little from the received Greek and Latin ex amples." Bentley lived till the year 1742 ; so that if ever a correct copy of the Bible was in a Protestant hand, it was not a copy "authorised by James I." Professor Scholefield cites nume rous passages from the original Greek, and the authorised version, which prove conclusively that the forty-seven trans lators were ignorant of the fundamental principles of the Greek language. In one place, the pronoun that is substi tuted for the article the , thereby render ing the passage unintelligible ; in another passage the transposition of the word our altogether destroys the value of the text as a proof of the Divinity of Christ, while in another place the interpolation of the words it shall, makes the passage contain a doctrine directly, contrary to other places of Holy Scripture ; and in another place the substitution of the copulative for the disjunctive conjunc- tion, is obviously made for the purpose of bolstering up the Anglican doctrine of communion under two kinds. Our space will not, however, admit of our enumerating any more instances, but should Mr. Scott doubt the bona fide nature of our statements respecting these errors, we shall be very happy to sup ply him with the quotations from the Greek and English versions, with the references necessary for identification. . Our own impression is, however, that what we have adduced is quite sufficient to establish the literal truth of our asser tion, that in no sense of the word can the Anglican Church be considered as the " .witness and keeper of Holy Writ, " in spite of what the NX. Article may say upon the subject. We now come to the question as to whether the Supremacy of tho Pope was acknowledged by the Council of Chal- cedon or not. In cur last article we quoted from the Synodical address of the Council to Pope S. Leo, to show that it was, in clear and unmistakeable terms. Mr. Scott, how ever, calls in question the genuineness of the quotation, because he " finds no such language." Well, we are sorry for him, because it proves that he has not read the History of the Councils. To answer him therefore, we will refer him to the place where it can be found, viz., Ep. 77, S. Leonis ex-collect Hols- ten, p. 592. There is, however, still stronger evidence of the fact that the Fathers of Chalcedon recognised the Supremacy of the Holy See. The Pope's Legates, Paschasinus, Lucentius, and Boniface, — the two former, bishops, the latter, a priest only, presided at the Council. Paschasinus opened the ses sion in the following most remarkable words : — " We have orders from the most blessed and Apostolic Bishop of the City of Rome, which is the head of all the Churches, in which orders he has vouchsafed to set forth that Dioscorus is not to sit in the Council. Therefore so please your Greatness, let him go out or we must quit." And when asked the reason of this injunction, Lucentius thus spoke : — He has assumed a power of judging which he does not possess, and has dared to hold a Synod without the authority of the Apostolic throne, a thing which was never done, nor can be done lawfully." Even Mr. Scott, we imagine, will admit that Supremacy is claimed here in most unequivocal terms. The only question then is, was this claim admitted? We shall show that it was. After Lucentius had finished speaking, Paschasinus continued: — "We cannot act contrary to the Pope's orders, or to the Canons of the Church." Accord ingly, Dioscorus left his place, and took his seat in the midst of the assembly. Concil. Chalce. Art. 1, col. 93, Labbe. In the second session of the Council, when a letter was read from Pope Leo, the asse'-r'Jed fathers exclaimed with one voice — " Peter hath spoken through the mouth of Leo. This is the faith of the Fathers, this is the faith of the Apostles ; we all believe thus ; Anathe ma to him who does not believe thus." But, says Mi\ Scott, if I didjfjnd such language, it would be much qualified by the fact that the Pope's endeavors to set aside some of the canons made by that Council, were utterly vain and fu tile." Doubtless it would if it were a fact, but the question is — is it a fact ? We shall show that it is not a fact. The main object of the Council, as Mr. Scott is doubtless aware, was the con demnation of the Eutychian heresy, which having been decided upon, and sentence of deposition having been pro nounced against Dioscorus, which was signed first by the three Papal legates, .the question was discussed as to which see should rank next in honor and dig nity to the See of Rome. A majority of the Fathers were in favor of the posi tion being assigned to Constantinople. This was opposed by the Papal legates, but they were overruled, and the Fathers in a synodical letter addressed to the Pope, from which we have previously quoted, inform him of their decision, and beg His Holiness " to confirm and ; ratify " what they have done. The Em peror Marcian, and Anatolius, Bishop of Constantinople also wrote to the Pope, begging him, as a particular favor to confirm the decision of the Couucil of Chalcedon, relative to the prerogatives of the See of Constantinople. Leo, however, was in flexible : he would not consent, and he gives his reasons for not doing so, in a letter dated May 22nd, 452. " Ana- folius, he says, ought to be content that I have listened to lenity more than to justice, in allowing his ill-grounded ordination, and overlooking his auda cious procedure of ordaining the Bishop of Antioch. . . . The City of Constan tinople has its privileges, but these are only secular ; it is a royal, but it cannot become an Apostolic See. No dis honesty can tear away from the Churches their just rights, as established by the Canons, nor can the primacy of so many metropolitans be invaded, to gratify' the ambition of a single man. Alexandria ought npt to lose the second rank, for the crimes of an individual like Diosco- nus, nor Antioch the third." In reply to the Emperor, he tells him to be more humble ; that he will never consent to what has been decreed, and that the only result in case of pertinacity on the part of Anatalios, will be, that he, Leo, will be compelled to separate that ambitious man from his commu nion, and that of the Catholic world." From this, then, it appears that so far from the Council of Chalcedon resisting the authority of the Pope, the Fathers assembled never once dreamed of such a thing , they acknowledged it in the most distinct terms, and in a practical manner, too, by submitting then decrees to him for confirmation. Instead of the Council resisting the Pope, it was the Pope who resisted the Council, and as we have seen, successfully. W e now come to that part of Mr. Scott's letter which refers to the alleged additions which the Church of Rome has made to the Catholic faith. We do not know that we could be fairly called upon to reply to this part of his letter, because Mr. Scott has only half-answered the question we put to him in our last arti cle, which was, " what additions, and when ?" The latter part of the question is quite as important as the former part, because, unless it can be shown when the alleged additions were made, the presumption is either that they were always part and parcel of the Catholic faith, and therefore are not additions at all, or that they are now no part of the faith of Catholics, and therefore not chargeable to us. With regard to the Supremacy of the Pope, the Seven Sacraments, Indulgences, Invocation of Saints and Angels, Purgatory, and Transubstantiation, if Mr. Scott will be good enough to tell us when they were added to the faith, we shall be prepared to prove that they have always formed part and parcel of the doctrine of the Catholic Church. In quoting the Ilyperdulia of the Blessed Virgin, worship and adoration of saints, and undue reverence to relics, as additions to the Catholic faith, Mr. Scott is evidently labouring under a false impression. The honour paid by Catholics to "the Blessed Virgin is not hyper dnlia. Catholics do not worship or adore the Saints, nor do they pay any undue reverence to relics. To explain here the doctrine and practice of Catholics 011 these points would occupy too much | space, but if Mr. Scott wishes for further information on these subjects we beg to refer him to Butler's " Penny Catechism," which is used in every Catholic Sunday- School, and in which the difference between the honour paid to God and that paid to the Blessed j Virgin is so clearly defined as to come : within the comprehension of the smallest child. There now remains only one more point to be noticed in Mr. Scott's letter, and this we shall deal with very briefly, because it is scarcely deserving of con sideration. In his last letter Mr. Scott repeats his former assertion that " the Church of England continued to be after the Reformation the same Church that she was before." This is so pal pably and ridiculously absurd that we are really sorry to see a gentleman in Mr. Scott's position committing himself so far. Every schoolboy knows that the Church of England had no existence before the Reformation, and can give the exact date of the Act of Parliament by which its establishment was pro claimed. Apart, however, from his torical facts, would it not require a wide stretch of the imagination to conceive how the Church which acknowledged the Supremacy of the Pope, believed in Transubstantiation, Purgatory, the Sacrifice of the Mass, Invocation of Saints, and Seven Sacraments, could remain the same Church after having rejected each and all of those doctrines. Besides, it is stated of the Church before the Reformation, in the Second Book of Homilies, that laity and clergy , learned and unlearned , all ages , sects, and degrees of men, women, and children of whole Christendom have been at once drowned in abominable idolatry : of all other vices most detest able to God, and most damnable to man, and that by the space of eight hundred years and more. If this statement be true, and, as it is a dogma of the Anglican Church, Mr. Scott at all events is bound to believe it is, it follows j that during eight hundred years and more Christianity entirely disappeared j from the face of the earth, and was j only restored on a new revelation being j made to that pious and saintly Mo - j narch, Henry VIII In face of this fact, how is it possible that " the Church of England continued to be the same Church after the Reformation that she was before?" We will let Mr. Scott answer this question if he feel disposed. In the meantime it is worth while to consider for a moment to what the Anglican Church stands committed by the sweeping and horrible assertion we have just quoted. In the Holy Scriptures, of which Mr. Scott boasts that the Anglican Church is the "witness and keeper," and to which all Protestants appeal as the basis of their religion, we are told in clear and distinct terms that when Christ esta blished His Church he promised that he would send the Spirit of Truth, which should guide it into all truth, and that he himself would be with His Church " all days, even to the con summation of the world," or, as the Anglican translation expresses it, " always, even to the end of the world." "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." From these texts nothing can be clearer than that Christ promised perpetual inerrancy to His Church. On the other hand nothing can be clearer than that the fundamental doctrine of the Anglican Church is the errancy of the Church, and not only may the Church err, but, according to the 19th and 21st Articles and Second Book of Homilies, actually has erred, and that in a most grievous manner. This belief in the errancy of the Church is the founda tion of Anglicanism, and in fact the r a is on d'etre of Protestantism generally. Remove this foundation, and the whole fabric totters, and falls into a thousand atoms. The teaching of the Anglican Church, then, is that Christ promised to preserve His Church from error, but failed to keep His promise, for He allowed it to be corrupted with nume rous errors. He promised that the gates of hell should never prevail against it, but, notwithstanding that, the gates of hell did prevail against it. He pro mised that he would be with it all days, even to the consummation of the world, but after seven hundred years He got tired of His guardianship, and abandoned it for " eight hundred years and more to the mist abominable idolatry." In other words, the Omni potent God, the God of Truth, is charged with making promises which He either cannot or does not perform. What horrible blasphemy is this ; and yet this is the position to which the Anglican Church stands committed by those very formularies which Mr. Scott says represent the doctrines of the Anglican Church, and which " are clear and distinct enough for him." Truly the blasphemy is " clear and distinct enough," but how can Mr. Scott, or any man who has a conscience, rest his hopes of salvation on the trutljl of such a blasphemous proposition as that God is a liar? How'closely it re sembles the conduct of those who told the Incarnate God, when He was upon this earth, that He had a Devil. It is useless for Mr. Scott to disclaim the blasphemy, for there is no escape from the position except by a frank and ready submission to the authority of the Church which Christ promised to be with all days, and which promise all Catholics, at all events, bdiieve He has ever faithfully kept. Protestants gene rally accept the Holy Scriptures as a divine revelation. In those Scriptures we are told that Christ promised to preserve His Church from error j the controversy, then, between the Catholic Church and Protestantism may be narrowed down to this point, viz. — has Christ, whom the generality of Protes tants acknowledge to be the Son of God, kept the promise, or has he not? If He has not, then the Scriptures are wrong which represent Him as a God of Truth, and Christianity itself is nothing more than a delusion and a snare. But if |it be inconsistent with the attributes of God for Him to fail in His promises, then He has preserved the Church from error, the gates of hell | have not prevailed against her, the | Spirit of God has guided it into all | truth, and those who accuse the Church j of having " become corrupt, and fallen into abominable idolatry for eight hun dred years and more" are horrible liars and iuipious blasphemers, and the whole Protestant system tumbles to the ground. 