COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO THE HON. THOMAS REYNOLDS, M.P. The Hon. Thomas Reynolds, M.P., was enter tained at a complimentary dinner at the Crown Inn, Port Victor, on Tuesday evening, January 16\. There were between GO and 70 gentlemen present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas Goode, J.P., who was supported on the right by the guest and "the Rev. C. Holge; and on the left by Captain G. Johnston and Mr. R. Allen, jun. Mr. L. Y. Tite filled the vice-chair. Justice having been done to an excellent repast, The CHAIRMAN proposed "The Queen," "The Prince of "Wales and the rest of the Royal Family" (remarking that he hoped the intelligence respecting the serious illness of the Prince would prove an American fabrication), and "The Governor." Each toast was cordially drunk. The Vice-Chairman gave " The Parliament of South Australia." The Hon. T. REYNOLDS, on rising to respond, was greeted with prolonged applause. The Chairman called for a bumper for the next toast—which he said was the. toast of the evening—namely, "TheHealthof ourguest, the Hon. Thomas Reynolds." He regretted that the toast should have been placed in bis hands ; he wished it had been entrusted to some one better able to do it justice. No one could think more highly of the Hon. Mr. Reynolds than he did, but many could give expression to their feelings better than he could do. It was now 15 years since he first brought the Hon. Mr. Reynolds down and showed him Granite Island, and the more he had become acquainted with that gen tleman the greater was the respect he enter tained for him. Tip to the last election, when the electors had had an opportunity of return ing members, they had not had the chance of electing the Hon. Sir. Reynolds, but when they had such a chance, they knew it was judicious on their part to endeavor to return him. Such an opportunity had occurred, and the Hon. Mr. Reynolds had been elected, notwithstanding the opposition of some because he had not a'long purse. (Cheers.) > Tjiey had not a landed aristocracy in this colony, but they had a purse-proud aristocracy, and the latter were prouder, and far more difficult to approach, than the landed aristocracy of England. (Cheers.) If they wanted to see an arrogant man, he said go to the individual who had filled his purse in South Australia. Did they think they could get at him ? No; they could get at the Duke of Edinburgh with half the trouble they could get at him. (Cheers.) Money did not give a man brains. (Hear, hear.) He believed in breeding giving a man brains. He believed they could [breed a race horse, and a carthorse; and they might breed a legislator, but they could not make a legislator by means of money. (Laughter and cheers.) A man was first thej legislator, and afterwards he made his money: If they looked at the1 aristocracy of England they would find there was not a man who had descended from the nobles by yyhom Magna Charta was signed; they had all sprung from .the ranks since that time. The electors of Encounter Bay were not ashamed to come out and support their man, whatever any magnates might have said against him. If those magnates could have thwarted them they would have done so, but with all their money they with their brains could beat them. (Cheers.) ■ If there was one honest statesman in Sputh, Australia that man in his opinion was the Hon. Thomas Reynolds, who he was very glad to see filling the position of one of their representatives. (Cheers.) The toast having been enthusiastically drunk, The Hon, T. Reynolds, who was heartily cheered, said he scarcely knew how to address them. There had been periods in his life when he had felt himself in a fix to give expression to his feelings, and he felt himself in such a fix on that occasion. The last time he had the pleasure of addressing them was when the elec tors of Encounter Bay gave a dinner to Messrs. Everard and Blyth, and when it was hi3 privi lege to enunciate the policy of the Government respecting the Northern Territory; and he had never regretted that, policy, which he was con vinced would ultimately have to be carried out. He did not think there were then so many gentlemen present as now, and he took it as very flattering that so many had met together on such short notice. Although he had been connected with the Legislature for a good many years, he did not think he was flattered with a public dinner after the first two, or three elec tions until' the present occasion. It always came as a matter of course that he was returned at the head of the poll, and so there were no dinners. (Cheers.) On the present occasion he was in a new field, and. had had a severe fight; not upon principles, but upon personalities; not upon matters of mind—upon matters which ought to influence the public ; but upon petty things raised against him by a purse-proud set ot men, who set their faces against the man who had now the honor of representing them; and ne nopea trie aay was iar aisnauu wucu should cease to represent them. (Loud cheers.) Let it be understood there was not a large number, but only a few of these narrow minded souls. Souls, did ho say ? it was a mis take, they had no souls. Minds, did he say ? They had not minds above buttons. Men, did he say.? They-were not worthy of the name. As to political matters he did not consider it his duty to consult his friends as to his views. He had taken a leading part in all moral, reli gious, and political movements during thirty years, and he was not to be hounded down by Sammy Tomkinson. (Tremendous cheering, and three groans for "Tomkinson.") Who was this Sammy Tomkinson? (A Voice—"No body.") Yes he was, he was a very shrivelled up piece of humanity—(laughter)—one of the most hungry-looking men to be seen in the streets of Adelaide. (Laughter.) . They said he was a gourmand ; but he fretted it all out of him. (Laughter.) • He was a misanthrope, and spent a miserable life. They never found him mixed up iu great reli gious, social, or political movements. (A Voice—"The Northern Territory.") Tom kinson went before the House with a miserable, shrivelled-up petition, asking that , he might receive back his money. ." Did I not pay you," he said, "for some land; (give me back my money." (Laughter, and a voice—" Old Shy lock.") The House heard him, and then at once passed on to consider the Orders of the Day. (Laughter and cheers.) Mark the man. Was there one public, missionary, or charitable movement in which he had joined ? but had he not denounced all missionary, benevolent, and good movements ? He was one of those fellows who would poke his nose into every pettifogging thing, and about such a matter as supplying a prisoner with gravy would make a great out cry. (Cheers and laughter.) He did not call him a man, but he called him a coward— (hear, hear)—and a man who attempted to crush another when he was down was worse than a coward. (Cheers.) This nice individual met hita in Pirie- street and expressed his deep sympathy with him. He said, " There is not, Mr. Reynolds, a more enterprising man in South Australia. You have created an enter prise, and spent your all on it. My sympathy goes with you." Was he not a hypocrite? (A Voice—" Yes, of double dye." Laughter and cheers.) A friend came forward and said he would assist him (Mr. Reynolds) in his difficulties, but Tomkinson endeavored to dissuade Mm from doing so, because he said " Don't you see he is going to stand for Light ?' The reason of this opposition from Tomkinson was that he had exposed a nefarious proceeding, connected with which a certain amount of blame was attached to a relative of his. Either his relative had a portion of the plunder, or he was not fit for his post. He chose to say that he was not sharp enough for the sharpers in Lon don. Although asked, he did not stand for either'Light or WestTorrens. He did not con test; the latter district, because he did not wish to oppose his friend Mr. Boucaut. When he found there was such opposition against his entering the House, he was determined to get in if he could; and when he was requested to stand for Victoria, he consulted those most in terested in his affairs as to whether he should become a candidate ; they readily acquiesced, and when he told one most deeply interested of the course Tomkinson was pursuing, he said, using a word he should not repeat, " What has he got to do with it? Let him mind his own business." Why should he retire, with his know ledge gained byyears of experience, and make room fqr'the raw material and for those who considered theipselyes designed by Heaven to rule, but who, tney would think, nature made badly for the work. (Laughter and cheers.) He got beaten for Vic toria in consequence of his refusal to sacrifice his conyictions as to what was right respecting the Narracoorte and Laqepede Bay Railway. The question at issue in the election for En counter Bay was whether a few moneyed men should coeree—the idea !—should attempt to influence the electors, in their choice of repre sentatives. He had been told that the greatest sin he had committed was not being rich. Had he been a rich man he was assured those who now opposed him would have been ready to lick his boots. (Laughter and cheers.) There were an aristocracy of mind, an aris tocracy of land, and. an aristocracy of money. Heweuld prefer belonging to the aristocracy of mind. (Cheers) Money did not make the man. (Hear, hear,) It might make a man proud, and make him think you ought to fall down and worship him. They must look for something higher and better than money. It was always wise to put into the Legislature the best minds they could; to have as legisla tors men who were able to grapple with important questions—he did not for a moment say he was able to do so. But it was to the interest of some that the House should be largely composed of raw material, that measures might be passed without the consideration which would be given to them by more experi enced men. There were the questions of the roads, taxation, education, land, &c.;, which re quired attention, but respecting which no mea sures had been passed during the last two years, although it could not be said his opposition had prevented the Government introducing mea sures dealing with them. It was very desirable that men of experience should go into the Le^ gislature to deal with these questions, and not let them be left to inexperienced men. (Hear, hear.) ile was'going into the House to solve the harbor question. He had in past years taken action on the subjeot of intercolonial free trade; and he thought it would be judi cious, if possible, to get the House to consider the question of opening up the river trade and making Port Victor a fit harbor for the trade of the Riverine district—a matter of far more im portance than the construction of a piece of road or the granting of a sum of money to an Instituto, which latter were matters that frequently occupied much more time than subjects of far greater moment. The jetty pnd tramway at Port Victor would have tp bq ex tended to Granite Island, and a breakwater would have to be constructed, which work he thought might to some extent be done by pri son labor. (Hear, hear.) He did not think it wa3 necessary to alter the Constitution Act to provide that the Attorney-Geueral should not necessarily be in Parliament, seeing they had so many lawyers in the House. Perhaps it would be well to amend that Act so that there would only be one constituency of the House of Assembly. (Mr. Allen—" There would then be too many Adelaide men in the House.") Much might be said in favor of his suggested amendment. When he saw there were per sons prepared to give him their advice un sought, and their opinions unasked, he deter mined to stand for Encounter Bay. He had often thought that if people were kind enough to mind their own business they would not be snubbed as he saw one person was in that day's Advertiser by 40 or 50 gentlemen. He was not the first to attack Samuel Tomkinson, | but he made some observations respect ing him (Mr. Reynolds) at a meeting of the I Chamber of Commerce at which several gentlemen who were present felt disgusted and ashamed of Mr. Tomkinson, because he (Mr. Reynolds) had not taken any steps without the concurrence of his principal creditors. .Samuel Tomkinson had no interest in his affairs, and yet he urged on two or three to in convenience him, who had since virtually apolo gised for th9 course which they had pursued. If he had attacked Tomkinson it was only in the way of retaliation; and if he attacked him againhe should certainly return to the charge. (A Voice—"And so shall we." and laughter.) He had not the least objection to Samuel Tom kinson canvassing his antecedents and those of his relatives, provided he held him harmless in canvassing his antecedents and those of his re latives. (Laughter and cheers.) A number of other toasts were proposed and responded to, a full report of which appears in the Advertiser and Chronicle Mr. T. Goode, jun., gave " The Agricultural Interest of the District," making an excellent speech. He showed how the various interests of the colony were dependent one upon another, and expressed a hope that the agricultural in terest of that district, as well as the interests of the country generally, would be marked by prosperity. (Cheers.) Mr. Jas. Barker, in responding, observed that he hoped their harvest would prove more abundant than they expected, and that the future of the agricultural interest in that dis trict would be better than the past. (Cheers.) Mr. A. K. Addison, in terms of eulogy, pro posed " The Press." _ Mr. J. L. Bonython responded for the Adver-; User, Chronicle, and Express, Mr. K. K. Thomas for the Register, and Mr. B. Davies for the Southern Argus. " The Health of the Chairman," proposed by the Hod. T. Reynolds, and duly acknowledged, brought the proceedings to a termination at an early hour. Several songs were well sung during the evening. A few days ago one of our Victorian telegrams announced the death, by falling into a vat of boiling beer, of a son of Dr. Ray, of Melbourne. "We are informed, however, that the poor boy was the son of Mr. Robert Ray, well-known to many of the early settlers of this colony, and nephew to Mr. James Broad of this city. The little fellow was only nine years of age, and had previously several very dan gerous accidents. He had distinguished him self in the last quarter of 1871 by taking a prize at the Scotch College, and was spending a few days with one of his schoolmates, whose father i is a large Melbourne brewer, when he met with J the lamentable accident by which he lost his life. The Government have received from the Northern Territory despatches which are simply an elaboration of the telegraphic message brought by last mail. The difficulties Mr. Patterson has met with in carrying out his work are attributed entirely to the selection of Port Darwin instead of the Roper as a starting point. At the Roper the stock would have been landed in rich pasture, and would have recruited rapidly, but at Palmerston they had to be driven seven or eight miles to feed. At the Roper the party would have been 220 miles nearer their work than they were at Port Darwin. It has been often suggested that the stock were injured by being too quickly put to work before they had time to recover from the effects of their voyage, and it is now known that this was the case. Mr. Patterson divided the expedition into four parties, and one division lost 28 per cent, of their bullocks, most of them dying after landing. The losses of the horse stock amounted to about 6 per cent. The worst of it is that these losses nearly all occurred before ihe party got to the commencement of their proper work, and while engaged in useless and unnecessary travelling, forced upon them by the Government in opposition to the recom mendations of land explorers, surveyors, and seamen, who knew the country, and had been specially employed to examine and report upon i;. Mr. M. Kingsborougli, of Adelaide, has received a letter from the Kev. Wm. Taylor, the American evangelist, who is still in India. He was at the beginning of last month laboring in Bombay, and the Guardian, a religious periodi cal published in Bombay, speaks in very favor able terms of the work being done by the rev. gentleman. From Mr. Taylor's letter we ex tract the following:—"I have been laboring here now (November 22) eight days—services at 7 a.m. and half-past 6 p.m. We have from 40 to 6o hearers in the morning, and about 200 in the evening. The preaching is translated into the Mahratta language. We had 13 seekers for ward last night, and the work is opening encourag ingly, considering the small number of workers, and that Methodist modes are entirely new to them. There is not a Methodist Church or organization on this side of India; the nearest would be in the Madras Presidency, say 800 miles, and as for that it might as well be in China, as its influence is not felt here." Mr. Taylor wishes to be remembered to a number of friends in this colony, some of whom he mentions by name, but says—"There are others whom I love whose names don't strike me. I have got about 1,200 Hindostan words in my mind which Somewhat obliterate, or rather cover over for a time, the records of old memories." The an nexed letter, signed " A Priest of the English Church" appears in the Quardia]i of the 2oth of November:—"Ever since Rev. Mr. Taylor, from America, began his stirring meetings in the American Mission Chapel, Bhendi Bazaar, I have attended them, and have been personally, as well aB three members of my family, bene fited not a little by his earnest,! simple, but heart-piercing sermons on the essential truths of the Gospel. Would it not be advisable for Pastors, both European and Native, Mission aries and Chaplains of all denominations throughout the Presidency to take advantage of Mr. Taylor's stay amongst us, and allow the I members of their different congregations to hear the truth from his lips ? Permit me to quote the words of the Rev. John All cock, an ordained priest of the Church of England, laboring as a Missionary at Baddegama, in Ceylon. Mr. Allcock writes —' God wonderfully blessed our work of special services held at Baddegama. Once a year all the agents and church members have been in the habit of meeting at Baddegama for prayer and edification, and expounding the Scriptures. This year they met in September, and a most remarkable revival of religion took place. _ By the providence of God, a good American brother, Mr. Taylor, was led to_ Ceylon and "Baddegama, and he wrought with us most cordially and successfully. Many of our Christian people received light and comfort; and many careless, fruitless Christians and Buddhists were truly converted. I never wit nessed such a gracious work of the Holy Spirit before. A large number of children seemed to be pricked to the heart, and to embrace Christ; and some little ones have been the means of leading their aged parents to Jesus. _ One old man and woman, who had been resisting the truth for years, were overcome by the tears and j entreaties of their little daughter, thus ful filling the ancient prophecy, "And a little ohild shall lead them." In soipe parts of | Europe this year the battles and the victories have been with confused noise and garments rolled in blood ; but in Baddegama district the battles of the mighty God have been with peace ] and joy in the Holy Ghost.'" 