SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Friday. A despatch from Lord Kimberley has been; received by the Governor express- ing Her Majesty's satisfaction at the action taken by the House concerning the precedency question, and stating that no bishop or ecclesiastical dignitary shall be in future entitled to precedency ; hut there was no wish to deprive those of rights which they had hitherto enjoyed. The despatch also expresses satisfaction at Bishop Short resigning his rights. The Adelaide Club intend giving the Governor a validictory dinner. In the Legislative Assembly, the Treasury Bill has passed through com mittee. Business is being expedited, in order to bring the session to an early close. Fresh reports give a good account of the crops. Wheat is dull at 6s. The new crop has been sold at 5s 3d, deli verable December 15. Flour un changed. . Consecration, of the New Soman Catholic Church, Albert. — A most imposing ceremony will take place at Albuiy, on Sunday, on the occasion of the consecration of the new Soman Catholic Church ; the first ceremony, it is said of j the kind that has ever taken place in the Australian colonies. An informant, who professes to be an authority on ecclesiastical and even theological affairs, states that the presence of three bishops, or of an archbishop, a bishop and a vicar-general is requisite, before an edifice can be consecrated, according to the ritual of the Soman Catholic church ; that on no occasion have sufficient dignitaries been present at the opening of any of the places of worship in the colonies, and the con sequence has been that the rite of conse cration has not been performed. A gathering of the Australian hierarchy is to take place at Albury on Sunday ; amongst those whose names have been announced as to take part iu the ceremony — which will be conducted with all the gorgeous ritual of a church whose services appeal so much to the imagination- are His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney and metropolitan of Australia ; the Eight Bev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne ; the Eight Eev. Dr. Lauigau, Bishop of Goulburn ; the Eight Eev. Dr. Quia, Bishop of Bathurst, and a host of minor dignitaries. According to a pro gramme of the proceedings, that has been published in the local journals, after the pro cession, and the ceremonies peculiar to the consecration, high mass will bo sung. No thing can be more beautiful than the music which the church has adopted for its solemn worship, and as every care will he taken to cause the execution to be worthy of the music, visitors from Beechworth and other parts of tho Ovens and Murray and Hume districts, who intend flocking to Albury on the. occasion will be mora than repaid for their journey by the musical services. In addition to the local choir, under the direc tion of Mr Alpen, the services of a large num ber of ladies and gentlemen of musical ability have been engaged, and nothing has been spared in tho way of practice in order that perfection may be attained. " Gloria" aud " Kyrie" will be sung from Haydn's Mass No. 10, and the "Credo," " Sanctus," "Bene- dictus," and " Agnus Dei" from a mass com posed by Mr Alpen. A lady from Beechworth, Miss O'D wyer,verv favorably known in musical circles, will sing the solo " O Salutaris." At the conclusion, a sermon will be preached by the Eev. Father Kelly, S.J. Bright Shire. Council. — At the annual meeting of the eicmeil on Wednesday, there were present (Councillors Cathcart (in the wliiia), 2UcIiean,'jIIoojjcr, Luiug, r-yu.k, o-nrl May. After tliG reading and confirmation of the minutes of the previous annual meeting, the council proceeded to the election of a president for the ensuing year. Councillor May proposed that Councillor McLean he elected to fill the office ; the motion was seconded by Councillor Laing, and on being put to tho meeting carried unanimously ; the president elect having returned thanks for the honor conferred upon him, the financial statement and balance sheet was received aud adopted, and tho annual meeting brought to a close. An adjourned meeting of the council was then hold, th9 same members being pre sent ; the newly-elected president in the chair; the routine business having been disposed of letters were read from the clerk of the Legis lative Assembly with reference to amendments of the Shires' Statute ; from Mr M'Henry, re signing the office of herdsman of the Myrtle- ford common ; from Messrs Ely and Croft, auditors, acknowledging receipt of cheques ; from Mrs Macaulay, calling attention to selections iu her paddock. The resignation of the herdsman of the Myrtleford common was accepted ; tho President, Crs Cathcart and Lynch were appointed a committee to suggest amendments in the Shire Statute. The secretary was instructed to write to the Treasury respecting the delay of nineteen days in the transmission to Beechworth of the Omeo track repayment account. Cr Cath cart gave notice of striking a rate at the next meeting of -council, and also a notice for having the whole shire proclaimed a district for tho issue of £10 publicans' licenses. A memorial was presented from the inhabitants of Wabonga again requesting the erection of a footbridge near the Black Springs. The secretary was instructed to enquire of the promoters of this project, aud likewise of the promoters of a similar project at the One- Mile Creek, what proportion of the expense of erection each party would be willing to guarantee. A cheque for £9, on account, was passed to Mr Stone. The secretary brought up an estimate of receipts and expenditure for the ensuing financial year, from which it appeared that a sum of £640 was only avail able for district roads and bridges, &c.;, up to October, 1873. AEunawat. — A horse with spring cart, belonging to Messrs. Cowan and Paton, .Three Mile, startled by a heavy peal of thunder, during the storm that passed over Beechworth yesterday evening, made off homewards with out waiting for the .driver. The horse and vehicle passed along Ford-street, and towards the Newtown bridge, at a tolerably rapid rate,- and although several attempts were made to stop the animal, it kept onj its way until it turned the corner of Hellish-street, when its progress was arrested, before any damage had' been done. Wangaratta' Turf Club.— Wisely deter mining on keeping pace with the progress of the town, the Wangaratta Turf Club have resolved on making considerable improve ments on the finely- situated racecourse on the banks of the KiDg. The present not very elegant or commodious grand stand is to be removed, and a brick structure erected iu its place, at a cost of some £600. As to the judiciousness of this expenditure there can he but one opinion. The connection of Wangaratta with the metropolis is certain to induce owners of horses in other parts of the colony to com pete for the principal events at the local race- meeting. A better class of racing will attract larger numbers of visitors, so that in pro viding increased accommodation, the stewards are simply investing in what ...is certain to prove a reproductive work. , . . , ; Shire of Yackandandah Finances. Yack andandah Shire Council, dixering from most other local bodies, stands in the proud posi tion of having a considerable balance at Is, banker's. According to the balance sheet, j laid before the council, but which has not ye been adopted, owing to the annual meeting having been postponed, the council has a clear balance, after contracts in progress are provided for, of £1327 7s 7d. A few of the principal items will show the principal sources of revenue of the Yaekandandah shire, and the manner in which that revenue has been expended during the past twelvemonth. From rates the sum of £1017 19s was received during the year, without including arrears ; from licenses £760 os ; dog fees, £76 17s 6d ; the share of endowment received was £1693 12s 3d ; special grants for repairs of flood damages, £585 0s lid ; main road subsidy, £415 1S3 9d; the total revenue from all sources, including the balance at last audit — the Yaekandandah Shire Council seem3 to he accustomed to having balances — was £5502 19s 9d. On public works there were expended £19S3 Is lid ; salaries, £489 Is Id ; votes to charitable institutions, £60 ; law costs and prosecutions cost £79 17s ; total expenditure for the year, including considerable amounts under the head of miscellaneous, £3509 0s 8d ; leaving a cash balance in hand, subject to contracts in progress, etc., of £1993 19s Id. If the ratepayers of Yaekandandah prefer that their money should be deposited in tho bank, instead of expended in public works, the financial statement will by them be considered most satisfactory ; on the other hand, if they consider that the great object of local taxation is to improve the means of communication, so as to facilitate the interchange of commodities, they will scarcely approve of the stewardship that favors the accumulation of funds, instead of expending them on reproductive works. While councillors meet for the purpose of fostering local jealousies, each section en deavoring to secure for its particular locality the greatest amount of benefit, it cannot be expected that the funds of the shire will be expended so as to secure the greatest amount of good. Amidst the contentions of the repre sentatives of the different ridings, the rate payers of the shire as a whole suffer serious injury ; for while a triangular duel is being fought between North-West, South-East, and North-East ridings, public works urgently required iu all parts of the shire are neglected, and thus the council is enabled to boast of a large balance at its bankers, while many of its roads are in all hut impassable condition. Important Sale of Farm Property, Im plements, etc., atboorhaman, near wan garatta. — An important sale worthy the at tention of farmers, dairymen and others will be held by Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co., at Boorhaman, near Wangaratta, on Monday, 25th instant. The property to be offered comprises 390 acres first olass agricultural and grazing land, substantially fenced and a portion under crop ; 100 head milch cows and store cattle ; 30 head of horses ; 30 hives of bees; farm implements including reaping machine, ploughs, harrows, and arrowroot machines ; also furniture, aud in the language of the auctioneers, a variety of articles too numerous to mention. Of the crop under cul tivation, there are three acres of arrowroot, for the growth of which the soil and climate is admirably adapted ; samples of arrowroot grown and manufactured in this locality were shown at the Beechworth Exhibition, and were favorably spoken of by those competent to pronounce an opinion as to their quality. For this product a ready market can always be found, and there is no doubt that an enterprising firm engaging in its cultivation on an extensive scale might do much to solve the problem as to how farming is to be made profitable in the colony. Opening of tiie /North-Eastern Kailway xo Lo»ctroni% A o\ Rttll beon ariUQgocl7 iUo portion of the North-Eastern railway between Seymour and Longwood was opened for pub lic traffic on Wednesday. A trip over the line to be opened, was made by Mr T. Gibson, the travelling inspector of railways, and Mr Wat son, of the engineer's department, when it was found that owing to the state of the em bankments from the late heavy rains, the trains would have to be taken at a very slow pace for some time to come. When in proper working order the trip to Longwood from Melbourne will be done in four hours and a half by passeuger-traius. It is expected that the line to Yiolet Town ( 46 miles from Sey mour ) will be opened in about two mouths. The bridge at Benalla will take a long time before it is completed, and it is probable that the third section of the line will be finished to Wangaratta before the bridge is ready for traffic. For the present, the passenger traffic will be limited to one train per day each way, leaving Melbourne and Longwood at 6 p.m. Although the line was only opened on Wed nesday, there are already anxious inquiries as to the possibility of forwarding wool from the new station at Longwood. Supply. — Preliminary steps have been taken in the Legislative Assembly for the intro duction of a supply bill for £200,000 to satisfy the demands which the Government will have to meet on the first of next month. The Treasurer explained that the bill would not bo necessary if Parliament was prorogued during the current month, but he felt it his duty to provide for the possible contingeucy that the Approbation Bill might not be passed until after the period when the month's pay ments would become due. The Weather and Crops. — A thunder storm passed over this district yesterday, and for some hours the rain descended very heavily ; at intervals almost ia torrents. There is reason to fear that the wheat crop will suffer from tho superabundance of moisture that has fallen during the week, and farmers are beginning to be apprehensive of the visita tion of rust, owing to the continuance of close moist weather at a time when the crop is in its most critical stage. In most parts of the districts the oat crop is a failure, and the farmers who have sown large' area3 with this description of grain are likely to be consider able losers. Indigo United Boad Board. — The ad journed annual meeting of this board took place on Thursday evening, when the balance sheet for the past year was finally approved and adopted. Mr B. J. Bartley, was unani mously re-elected to the chairmanship. After the business of the annual meeting was con cluded, an ordinary meeting was held. A committee was appointed to see to the lists of outstanding rates, and the clerk was instructed to give notice that all rates must be paid in twenty- one days. Dr Eohner was appointed health officer for Chiltern. The board took up some hours in considering various sug gested amendments in the Shires' and Boad Board Statutes, and instructed the clerk to forward a statement of the amendments they desired, the most important of which were the bringing road districts under the same Act as shires, and altering the mode of distri bution of the grants for road construction. The board adjourned about midnight. Fencing and Impounding Bills. — In con sequence of the matter in which the Legisla tive Council has dealt with the Fencing Bill and Impounding Bill was on Wednesday dis charged from the notice paper of the Legislative Assembly. Both measures are therefore lost for the session. ; > rY-'OT Death of the Hon. B. Turnbull. m other old colonist has passed away. Hon. R. TnrnbuU, one of the members for the Eastern Province in the Legislativ j Council, and a merchant of very old in the metropolis, died on Thursday afternoon after a long and painful illness. During very wet weather in the beginning of tne winter, the late Mr Turnbull, whose period of service in the Legislative Council was then drawing to a close, made a tour 0 a considerable portion of the Eastern Province, for the purpose of ascertaining the wants ana wishes of his constituents, prior to offering himself for re-election. The fatigues conse quent on a lengthened journey over the almost impassible roads in this portion of the colony, and exposure to the inclement weather, seriously affected his health, and aggravated, if they did not indnce, the illness which has been attended by fatal results. By Mr Turn- bull's death, a vacancy has been caused in the representation of the Eastern Pro- evince ; already tho names of several gentlemen have been mentioned as likely to come for ward as candidates for the seat. Amongst those spoken of are Dr Eowe, of Mount Bat tery station, a former candidate for the repre sentation of the Murray district ; Mr Patrick O'Brien, of Hawthorn, who opposed Mr Turn- bull's return at the late election ; Mr J ames Shackell, of Echuca, formerly of the firm of Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., of Eeechworth ; Mr G. D. Carter, of Melbourne, who contested the Ovens district in the conservative interest against Mr G. V. Smith, when the latter joined the McCulloch administration as Post master-General. Mining on Private Property. — After a considerable time taken up in real or pre tended deliberation, the Legislative Council has determined on adhering to its amend ment, or rather emasculation of the Mining on Private Property Bill. From this it may he presumed that the last has heeu heard of the measure for tho session, and it remains with the Government to refuse to give any legal sanction to searching for gold on private lands, and at the same time throw on owners of property the onus of protecting their lands from the encroachments of the miner. The following are the reasons furnished by the Council for insisting on its amendments, as forwarded in a message to the Assembly on Wednesday ; — " That, as the Legislative Council could not initiate a measure capable of dealing with the whole question of mining for the precious metals on private property, involving as it does matters of revenue, it is obvious that there was only one of two courses open to that body — viz., either to reject the bill after discussion, or to amend it in such a manner as to express the views of the Legislative Council on the subject in so far as the Constitution would allow ; but if the Legislative Council had possessed the power of initiation, provisions other than those in the original measure would have been inserted. (2.) With regard to the reasons given by the Legislative Assembly as to the practice which has prevailed with respect to private owners having mined for gold on their lands, and contracted with others enabling them to mine for gold therein, the Legislative Council observed with satisfaction that the bill inti tuled "An Act to provide for Mining on Private Property for Gold and Silver" pro posed to legalise such proceedings in the past, a step rendered inevitable by the course pursued by the Crown hitherto in respect to such matters, and the Legislative Council, in pursuance of the proposal thus made, only extended the principle of it to all owners of land throughout the colony alike. (3.) That the first rental proposed to he paid into the con solidated revenue was a merely nominal sum, unproductive as a source of revenue, and was a general charge per acre in respect to land not belonging to the Crown, without reference to the gold to be extracted ; f.hna saorifioing the property which the Legislative Assembly asserts to belong to the Crown, without any adequate compensation. (4.) That while the bill proposed to confer extraordinary powers upon a political Minister over all property in land under color of extracting gold therefrom, it xirovided no safeguards to tho owners thereof, but left them open to a system harassing in its nature, creating insecurity, aud offering no substantial guarantee of adequate, or any, compensation for injury that might be done to such lands by persons other than the owners mining thereon; a system, moreover, susceptible of being largely resorted to by speculators rather than by the industrial miner. (5.) That while the Legis lative Council admits that a revenue iniMit properly be exacted in respect of all gold and and silver found in the colony, they are Un able to discover any reason for making the liability depend upon the accidental circum stance of the mine being situate on lands alienated from the Crown. Sale of Furniture, etc.— Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will offer for sale, at the Albion Hotel, Chiltern, to-day, a quantity of house hold furniture and other effects; also one shaft waggon and two sets of shaft harness. Land Board at Bright.— A local land board will sit at Bright on Tuesday, when a number of applications for land in various localities in that portion of the district will be heard. El Dorado Wesleyan Sabbath School Anniversary. — Special services to celebrate the anniversary of the El Dorado Wesleyan Sunday School will he held to-morrow in the Wesleyan Church, El Dorado; the Eev. Joseph Waterhouse, chairman of the Beech worth district, will preach morning, afternoon, and evening. A fact deserving special notice in connection with these services, from its great singularity, is that collections will be taken on each occasion. On Monday after noon the anniversary will be still farther celebrated by a tea meeting, to be followed by a public meeting, at which the usual feast of reason and flow of soul will be provided. The Problem of National Education.— At the Beechworth Independent Church to morrow evening the problem of national education is to be stated and considered by the Eev T. Laver. As a subject to which all men's minds are at present directed, x'rimary instruction deserves to be freely and fully discussed, and it speaks well for the future influence of the pulpit that the clergymen are beginning to recognise that it is their duty to enlighten their flocks on matters appertaining to their welfare in this world as well as on those belonging to the next. Sale of Freehold Property at Wanga ratta.— Mr Alexander Tone will offer for sale by public auction at the Eoyal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta, on Saturday (this day), several valuable building allotments in that town. Advertisement. — Visiting Dentist.— We have much pleasure in reminding those of our readers at El Dorado and Wangaratta who wish to avail themselves of the professional ser vices of Mr Ed. Brooke, Surgeon Dentist, that that gentleman visits, and may be consulted at, Powells' Eoyal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta, on Monday next, from 11 to 4 p.m., aud at Mr W. Ward's, EI Dorado, the same evening, from 6 to 10 o'clock. Bright Shire Finance. — The balance sheet, showing the receipts and expenditure of the Shire of Bright, during the past twelve months, will be found in the first page of this day's issue ; the report of the Wan garatta Police Court proceedings will also be found in that portion of the paper. The "Punch Staff Papers." — A new work under the title of the " Punch Stafi Papers," being a collection of tales, sketches, in prose and verse, by the members of the staff of Sydney Punch, has recently been issued from the press. Amongst the prinoi. pie contributors to the work are several of the members of a family, formerly resident iu Beechworth, one of whom has for some tima been proprietor of Sydney Punch, and haa developed considerable talent for dramatic writing. Illustrations from tho pencil of Mia G. M. Stephen, a lady of rare artistic ability, adorn the pages of the volume ; Mr G. M. Stephen also contributes to its embelishment, while a well-written tale is furnished by Mr Harold W. H. Stephen. In re- viewing the work, the leading Sydney journal says " One of the best tales in the book is that of Hans Von Sohloggenbochs, a. legend of Prague, by Mr Harold W. H. Stephen. The writing is vigorous and terse ; and the story, which is at the same time humorous and sensational, is well toll. The ghost is more given to ' rollicking ' than ghosts are usually represented to be, and his inter view with Sohloggenbochs is thus described " On a tombstone in the ancient J ewish burial- ground ' (stated to have been in use for one thousand years) sat Hans Von Schloggen- bochs. In his hand he held a tooth-pick with which he daintily extracted the remnants of a raw herring which had lodged between hi3 teeth. He was in a meditative humor. The herring before mentioned had made him sad. It was the last of the barrel, and he knew not when he should taste its like again. He was for a time at least his own master, as Sol was engaged at his evening's repast. Hans thought of many things — of his wasted for tune — of his clamorous creditors, and ha cursed the Jews. Arrived at this stage, his attention was attracted by the inscription oft a neighboring tomb. It set forth the virtues of a deceased Hebrew, who in his day had been the leading usurer in Prague. Tho tomb was quite covered with pebbles, placed there- iu memory of the departed Oyprius, relatives and friends of his own persuasion. 'Donner wetter," said Haus bitterly, ' here3 a scoundrel who, living, was never contented with less than sixty per cent., and is made a little hero of when dead. It's an insult to a Christian to look at his tomb.' Thus mut tering, he gazed around cautiously, and satis fied that he was entirely unobserved, proceeded to brush away the pious memorials which had excited his ire. Suddenly he heard a snort of defiance behind him, and on turning round, his blood curdled at the sight which met his gaze. Eobed in a long black gaberdine, and wearing the flat barrel cap — the distinctive badges of his race — stood the ghost of the gentleman whose tomb he had just desecrated. Hans knew who it was at once, hut being never wholly at a loss, mur mured, in somewhat trembling accents, ' Now, what's your little game ?' ' Hans Von Schloggenbochs,' began the ghost, ' thou hast perpetrated a vile act. Eespect the ashes of the dead, and restore those pebbles to the place where they were put by the hands of the faithful.' ' And what if I don't ?' asked Hans. 'Thou shalt have my curse,' retorted the angered ghost. 'Is that all, old flick?' said Hans. ; ' that won't hurt much, I should think,' ' Trifler ! Beware ! !' thundered the ghost. ' If I can do thee no other harm, I can at least haunt thee!' 'Ah!' said Hans, 'dare say we shall get on pretty well together. I'm often hard hp for a mate. May I ask you can you play ' Sechs-und-Scchszig V This was too much for the ghost, and with a howl of baffled rage he descended into th9 earth, leaving behind him a strong smell of sulphur and garlic. Hans was laughing over his dis comfiture when he suddenly appeared again, holding in his hand a leather bottle. ' Hero we are again,' said the ghost, gravely. ' So I perceive,' said Hans. ( May I enquire is that Schnapps you've brought with you ?' The ghost groaned at this irreverence, and pro ceeded to inform Hans that it was not. He could not rest, he said, in. his grave. He was dishonored and an outcast amongst ghosts, until such time as the injury done him had been repaired. Would Hans, in mercy, re place the pebbles ? A sadden thought struck Haus all of a heap. He reflected that thi3 ghost had once possessed enormous wealth. What more likely than that he had concealed some portion of it ? The hiding of treasure was a custom of the age, as the Jews were always in fear of being dispoiled by the authorities. Hans offered to comply with the ghost's request for a reasonable sum iu ready money or jewels. The ghost sighed and shook his head. ' Gold and silver have I none,' said he ; ' hut take this bottle. It contains a wonderful eiixir, which will cure every disease under the sun, save one. It will always remain full, and by a judicious use of its contents thou mayest attain to greater wealth than I ever enjoyed.' Hans perceived the truth of this remark at once, and eagerly snatched the bottle, promising compliance with the ghost's request. ' Whilst thou retainest that bottle,- said the ghost, ' thou wilt be free from all diseases and disorders save one alone. But remember, thou cannot refuse to use it for the benefit of any one who demands it of thee thrice.' 'All right, old boy," says Hans, ' but tell what the one disease is I have to fear!' ' I cannot,' said the ghost, ' thou' wilt thyself find out before long. Shouldst thou ever attempt the cure of this unknown disease, it will at once attack thee, aad all thy worldly care3 will soon be over.' With these words he again vanished, hut this time a keen observer might have discovered a malicious grin of satisfaction on his bony face. Hans did not notice it, however, and, after carefully gathering up the pebbles he had promised, he went back to his lodgings happy of the con scious possession of a fortune in ths leather bottle. The succeeding chapters tell of the wonderful cure performed by Dr Von Schlog- genbocks, and all the miseries he endured, lest every fresh disease for which he was called upon to prescribe should be the one which above all others ho was to dread. The story ends happily. An agreement is drawn up between Schloggenbocks and the ghost, by which the former undertakes to preserve inviolate the tomb in the Hebrew cemetery, and the latter removes the spell under which he had fallen, and ensures him of perfect immunity from all diseases as long as he lives." Farm Property. — A valuable farm, at South Wangaratta, containing 204 nr-rea „f and pasture lands, will be submitted to publio competition on Saturday, 7th proximo, fay Mr A. L. Ely, acting under instructions from the administratrix of the late Mr J. Wellington. The property will be offered for sale at Powell's Eoyal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta. The Chairman of Committees and the Fraud Summonses case.— In the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday evening, Mr B G. Davies took occasion to make a personal ex planation, relative to a case in which he was defendant, and which was heard at the Sand hurst County Court on last week, Mr Davies said the whole affair arose out of a mining dispute, in which he had been robbed of 500 shares. Not being able to attend the court, he had instructed his solicitor to attend, but had not requested him to plead his privileges as a member of Parliament as a defence to the case. He intended to proceed further in the matter in one of the higher courts, and it was at present under consideration whether he should take action civilly or criminally to , obtain redress for his grievances. 