MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. ; ; polynibian Labor.— Tho Standard takes a correct view of tho above question ; ite thoroughly con servative principles ouablo it to sco through all tlio eant and . rubbish wnioh havo been written upon the . by those, whoso pious horror has boon heatod info fanaticism by tho wild und . sonsational stories coined and sot afloat by tho Dr. Cantwolls, who, in spito of lashings and ridicule still continuo to haunt Society. The Standard saysiW'Tlio account givon in the Times of tlio origin aud nature Of this so-callo'd slavo trade is as: absurd in its terms as it is culumniouslo tho colony of Queensland. It is a pure effort of that utiwholesomo imagination wliieh insists upon regarding aviahvv Itsnn'annlinii knl.woftti tltn mnn of oin« ottrn t'ltnn .in xi our distant possessions and any dark skinned pooplo os slavery. Tho main fault of Quoonsland, it seoms oonsists it its' possoSsing' a somi-tropical olimato, which ncccssiatos tho. cultivation of augur, cotton, and " spices." Tho oonditions of this produotion aro un fortunately . such as to tend to the introduction of cheap labor, or, " in other words, slavo lobor." Tlio "ominous namo of planter" has, it sooms, already Bprung up in tho colony. It is possiblo for philan- trophiozeal to mako a more ludicrous shape than this ? What is Queensland to do to free itself from this enrso of cheap labor ? How is it to gunrd against tho insididious tendencies of spices P Or is it. that tho labour iB oulv objootionablo bccauso it is uhcap ? Wo do not find tho Times holding this theory as to labour at.homc. In tho cuso of dock lubcurors, it was the first to insist that wo should abido by tlio rule of political economy, whieli is that the owployor is'justificd in getting his labour as cheap as ho can, nnd that it is a benefit to Bocioty'thht.lio should hot pay moi'o than its market value. Why must poor Queensland bo subject to a different rule? Tho fuot that those who aro omploycd in tlio . cultivation of cotton and sngar are of a different raoo and a darker huo cannot possibly affect the question cither of scionco or of morulty. As a matter of fact, tho climato of Queensland, eipeoially ill the southern districts, and along the coast, iB such that whito labour cannot profltublv bo ' used for the production of such things .as aro most suitable' to tho country. It is only by coloured labour that augar\aud cotton can bo profitably cultivated anywhere. Rut what should Queensland do m order to. square hor cbqduct at once with tlio rules of phil anthropy and oKpolitioal economy P Ought sho to neglect her naluraiSsourccs altogether, or ought sho, in tlio interests of humanity, to employ none but white men, at high >v)gc8, in a tropical olimato, taking euro to prohibit glio " ominous name of planter?" In answer to a\l this abpird cant— as . .absurd whether yiowed from tliopoint of philanthropy or of ', oconomy — Queensland lias -a .rigfi to' urgo, in the first place, that she is independent, \by tlioud- miBBon of her own critics. If Loi'ng undor.ltr0p||jhul olimato was incompatible with indopondtjoo, that eliould havo boon thought of before, «,on her institutioiis were framed." Tiie 14tu Deoember, 1862. — The Times, com menting unon the consequences whioli might lmvn arisen had the Princo of Wales died, referred tosun. day moruing. tho 14th Docombor, 1862, when tho Princo Consort. said, "It is not oasy now to rcaliso\b0 immensity of the loss which broke upon tlio eoun,.y \-- Sunday morning. For twonty-ono j'ears t,„ had heon tho Consort of our Sovereign, am -niM-yonv by jroar advanced in every quality that oould\ render him precious to her nnd vuluablo to the nation! A blainoless fulfilment of all, and more than afl, tho ohligatioris of dome, tic life, had insured tlio Qucon, to the Princo, and to their children, all the happiness of family affectior.' But this had, in course of timo, bo- oomo the least of tlio Prince Consort's merits and-ser- vices. Willi a patient sclf abncgatioii ho hud rendored himself familiar with evory oircumstanco of political lifo and with all tlio business of tho Sovereign, without for. a moment obtruding himself, or stopping boyoud the sphere jealousy proscribed to him by law. Tho .consequenco was.tbal tho Q.iiccn wee sustained by tho advice of a councillor to whom sho could unreservedly .confide her. anxieties, and whoso opinion sba could take without formality. It is rarely that a Sovereign .who iB Iidrsclf so oxperinccd ob tlio Qucon has tho ad vantage of such counsel and advice. Wo could feol, therefore, that: the highest affairs of tlio nation wore in tlie hands of a singularly matured wisdom, aided by .all the advantages of mutual counsel and support. . Wo have deeply felt the Princo Consort's loss, but wo have suffored. no niutoriul evil from it. Until tho Prince's illness wo havo been enabled to look to tho future with unnually decrcnsing anxioty. That wo liavo been able, however, to do this is due, in a degroo which tho Queen is tho foremost to acknowledge, to the high- cxomplo and the wise initiative which tho Princo Consort left bohind him. Twonty-ono years of euch a lifo as bis established tho family, the nation and some of our most important interests in a course of steady growth and happy order which could not soon nor easily bo disturbed. ' Reminded by this anniver sary, of tho invaluable serricos thus rendered to us, .we cannot but desire with additional earnestness that tho Princo of Wales may bo spared to follow his father's steps, to win similar fame, and to render even greater services to his country, Havana. — Tbo New York Tribune sn'ys : — " The monBtrouB outrago on law, humanity, and ordor, por- petratcd by tho Spunish volunteers at Havana, will once more call tlio attention of the civilised world to the unhappy condition of Cuba. The voiuuteors.bave gradually gained possession ot tho island, and now administer uffairs by mob law with iliilitury machinery. Spain has virtually ubdiotcd ; and, though tiio'Cuptain- Gcnerul made a show of refusing to givo up to tho < ruffians tho students who liua dcsooiatcd tho gravo of General CaBtanon, ho surrendered at a more urgent demand. It uow stands oil record that this brutal soldiery took from the evil authorities eight of thcso hoy-students, condemned thorn at ,tlio drum-head, and nut them summarily to death. This atrocious murder . is more conspicioua than u.any that have preceded it, . but is not a greater outrago. lt ought to' raise'an inquiry among other nations as to. the propriety. of intervening in tho intereets of humanity. -Civilisation cannot look on calmly while theso lawless butohors rule Cuba with a bloody hand. Pbebebvino Tihbkh.— The . following may he of some inUiTit to minors anil others who- uso timber' largely for underground work — "Dr. Dingier, in Yolyteghniscltes Journal vow Dingier for October, con veys tbe information, in a long essay, tlmt wood,, tho roughly impregnated with a strong solution of salt, resists decay, and answers well for underground work in mines and coal-pit. A Hot Day in Rome. — People havo on.idoa that the Italians are becoming more civilised' and osohowing tho uso ol tho stiletto ; that a Bravo is a ehmieroial animal only existing in Cooper's roinanoo ; that wivcB u are virtuous, husbunds faithful, end uioisboism quite "mrrsvSbJjlto und ultogother ungonteel. All theso char- . . — iAjyciimiisos aro mistakes — I could recount vurious anecdotes proving the truth of what I say — but as to tho murdering part, listen. 'Thero was a day laBt wcok in Iiomo of iutonso heat. I suppose tliis stato of tho atmosphere occasioned a moral doliriuin, for many who rose that morning blitho and gay, lay down before night on inotlior earth nover to riio again. There wub a madness abroad that day for certain. S. W. and a friend were refreshing the outward and inner man by a siesta at Nazzari's and an ice, when thoir attention was attracted by muoli running to nnd Iro, loud talking, swearing, and tumult a gonoral eoitomont, in fuot, ell tending towards the via Bubuino. They joined the crowd, and heard that an assassino had been com mitted in broad dayh'ght, and thut tlio corpse lay there. Pressing forward, they saw extended on the stones, quito dead, a lovely girl wcltoring in hor blood, with a deadly wound in her Bide. Tlioy at onco recognised hor as a woll-known model, renowned for hor beauty nnd grnco. There cho ley, pale and bloody, on tho cold stones, until snino of tlio - lirofchoi'b of tho Miseriuorditt oamo (they that woar tlio black masks and long black robes, and look more liko mummies than men) and composed hor liinbs, olid, laying hor ill a great sheet, carried hor nway. Sho had beon walking with «» certo amice, it Booms, in tlio Via Babuino, whan her husband passed, liis iro was kindled, his jealousy arousodj ho drow his stiletto nnd slaughtered her there on tho spot where she stood ; then ran away. But the certo amice, hor cavaliero, run after him wlion tlio poor thing dropped from liis arm stono dead, nnd watohod nnd dodged li t in into a certain houso ; and whon in tlio ovoning ho enmo out, tho said amice, having his slilocto ready hid in tho sleovo ot Iris coat, Btruok him down then and there, and left him lying woltoring in his blood as sho had lain. Whotlior this valiant lovor oaenped or not I cannot say. That samo day a man wub pasting in a cart through tho Piazza Bnrbcritti, where Bcrini's elussio fountain plays in the sun. Somo ono crossed his path, and, boing nearly run over by tbo caretlino, gavo tho horse n blow with a stick. No word , was spokon, but tlio caretliuro stopped his cart, descondod, deliberately drew his stiletto, and stabbed tl<o mnn dead ; then, remounting, drove away. So much for tho effects of a hot duy in Roino. — Diary of an Idle IFoman in Italy. French Jewels. — Tho jowelB belonging to tho Apollo gallory of tho Louvre wore coticculod during tho Commune in a small room, carefully walled up, on tho second story of tlio building creotod by Francois I„ over tho Snlio Henri II. and tlio Saliin dos Sept Chomini'cs. Tho work hod been so skilfully exeeutod that the insurgents, during their two months occupa tion of tho X'uhico, must have passed before it a thousand t;nie3 without BUspoeting that this treasure of jewel lery, rock crystal, ontunols, &o.; ,ostimntcd ut 50 millions ol' francs was so near them. Tito credit of this success is duo to Count Clement do Itis, oonsarzntor, and to tho employos of tho museum, who woro sovorul times on the point of boing shot for refusing to disoloso the placo of concealment A Bivouac in the Snow among the Himalayas. — 1 shall never forget that night's bivottuo oil tho en.uv Ad annn na'Hin lini'Mll nill'l'vitlfT t.lio brushwood . fuel came up (it was past 12 o'clook at night) wo two Englishman mndo shift to light a firo ngaust a rook, clearing away tho snow lor tho purposo. Attiaclod by tnis. a Sikh merchant who was crossing tho' puss tlio samo duy cumo und sat down with us. Jlis long black board md moustache were covered with pendant icicles which dragged down tlio , hair by llioir weight, His fuco. was haggard, and his only. thought secmod to bo of tlio fire I presently found a bottlo of rum, and was prooeoding to uncork it, when ho looked round, lain his hand on my shoulder, and said earnestly i " I am partner in that.' 1 laughed, and gavo him soma , and it seemed to rovivo liini, for he began to bewail his fate. Ho was travelling quietly with nil his wealth in a portiblo form, onrricd on firo lightly ludon horses. Ono, tho most vnluabio, ho was in tho habit of loading himself as lio rodo. Ilo now told mo that, fiuding his liana getting frozon by holding tbo biding ropo, ha had oast his trcusuro- ladon animal adrift in the pass, and did not know what had boeqmo of him. On his own horse ho had carried Ja pared of vuluablo silks, This had slipped off a fow hundred yurds back, but ha had hot had tho onergy to ilLmoimt' und pick it up Totliosowho know tho nature of Indian merchants such neglect will speak volumes of the sluto to wliieh ho must liavo been reduced- I advised linn for the future to take our example, and walk instoad of riding whon tho cold was so great, assuring him that wc had hocn comfortably warm all tho timo. But I must add in oxplanution, that our stylo of clothing hud some what contributed to this. Wo wore each of tlio usual artialos of dress about fourfold, besides a hugo fur robo and a lambskin cup tying below tho chin. — Visits to Sigh Tartar!/, Yiirkand, and Kdshghar ( formerly Chinese Tartar//) . By, Robert Shaw. Metallic 'Tiles yor Rooi?s;-Tho improvements patouted by Mr. Van Bappolondam, of Oliarlestbwn, Iowa, consists in forming a covered cbuniiol between two ridges and two tilos to exclude water. Tho tiles are made of galvanised iron, or other suituble metal, and may ha struck up out of ahcet motal, or cast, as may bo dosirod. 'Tho are - mndo squnro or diuinond shnpo, and placed diagonally upon tho roof or wull. Upon oaolt uppor ridge of tlio tiles tiro formod two upwurdly projecting ridges, about three-eighths of an inch ill height, tho ridges running along tlio two edges of tho tiles, and tho second ridgo boing parallel with, nnrl nf n lihln rlialnnun ftnm till nilt.nt viriiTiY. an ni lin form a channol between thorn. Upon the undor sido of tho two lower odgos is formed a siuglo downwardly projecting ridgo. The sido angles of the tiled are out off, and then arranged upon the roof, so thut the down wardly projecting ridgos of each uppor tile are placed below and embrace tho upwurdly projecting ridgos of tho adjacent edges of two.tilos. By this construction it will be impossible for wator or wind to beat in and basB abovo tho throo ridgos. Upou tho body of tho )r.lcs may bo Btruok op, or otherwise formed, an orna- teat, in tho shape of u tussal, flowar, or other suitable d/uce. Thia ornament strengthens tlio tiles, and pro ves thorn from boing rolled up by the wind, and at thiYmo timo udds greatly to tho beauty of the roof or . wal \ Ti\\. German Empire and thb Pabacy.-— Tbo eeolosias.'nul authorities at Rome, always wiso in their gencratiot. BOo in tho now German Empire, in spite of its Protostnt proolivities, a great and periminont powor ana more than possiblo ally. They seo, or Link thoyAo, tho Empire of Ohnrlemaguo, of Otbo, of Ercdorit \f the Red Beard, of Charles tho Fifth, revived. 'L-V-ktlow Bismarck's ambition, anil tlioy are not who)ly.WSjhmt of his secrets. Ssuth Germany, already an integ)vl portion of tlio Empire, is Outholio. Nor Soutli Gcrmijy'a sako Borlin needs tbo sympathy and co-opora|ioPf the Holy Seo. Austrian Germany must soon boconrj integral portion of tho.Euipire j but Austrian Gern Xv which is Cutholio to tho back bone, needs to bo 'iis%ed that, in bocoming part of the now Empire which Bismarck has Created, it will hot bo eithor denied its rights or lost to Rome. Then, again, Bismarck basViis eyes on Poland. What ho contemplates is not Ifc annexation of Poland to tho Gorman Empire, buVtlio re-CBtablishmcnt of the Polish kingdom, and tv building up. of a powerful national burrior wall t\wcos Germany and Russia. Poland is Roman Catholinnd Bismarck and the Pope nro equally well awuro thimiio Chiiir of St. Potor must not bo doBpisod in tbo prettied, reconstruction of tlio map of Europo. Theso tliLrg edioiug well considered, it will not bo thought so 11 ndqi-ful that Rome nnd Berlin should bo so ,woll agiyiA Tho Empire is re stored. Tho Papacy may U Wive.— New York Seratd. \ \ General Grant.— Tuo No«\\-J ZVniex, spooking of Gonoral Grant, suys : — '' Wo\ jLnit, indcod, thut somothing of tho halo which suf&n;()ed tho great chfefthih's head during tho fiorA- of batllo and siogo, lias faded. Ho had u 'positioVY, tho oloso of tlio war wliieh no Prosidonoy could b. Y,l00< -\y0 nj expeotod too much from him in his ciVk administra tion. Wo ull urdontly hoped that £b\ti,0 martini orown which ho had won by suoli noblo/Crvic(,Sl ho would add tho more peaceful wreath gainK by groat viotories in pcaoo; Wo felt that PresidjN Grant, abovo ull, ivas fitted to redeem this GovorimnQmonb from its ono grout cui so of filling ofliees witn!rafog. Bional politicians, and thut ho could ut leiij» t li\pmlgU . rate tho great reform of a change in tho civil svico. Ho undauntedly bogan his Administration lioptW t0 acoomplish this. His first appointments woro raido outsido of tho party hacks. But ono man cunVt reform a wholo system, howoyov determined he mY bo. Congress did not support him in his efforts. was badgorod by members applying far constituents; Thero were thousands of offices to bo filled. No" impurtiul Bourds to determino applications hnd boon formed. Congress und tho country left tho President to get out of liis difficulty as ho could. And tho result was pcroisely what wns to bo oxpoetod. tho President foil back on tho old Bystcin, und ap pointed porBons to offico on the rocommondutio:i of members of tho Houso undo tho Sonuto. Tlio old methods of filling tho Civil Servico were resumed, ond tho Govermnont of ,tho country was curried on, as boforo, by mon chosen, not for fitness, but bocuuso they had performed certain party sorvioes, or woro favourites of certuiu mombors of Congress. .Everything foil back into its old vicious rut. This was hardly to bo avoided. Tlio president was eithor compollod to fall out with hiB parly and Congress, antl create u second Johnsonian Administration, and start himself a new niodo of filling offices, or ha must go in tho old truck; Thero is no middlo ground. Either there must be an impartial Commission to axauiino applicants, and they must bo ohoson or rojoctod for qualifications, or tlio mombors of Congress and others muBt recommend to tho President, and ho must follow thoir advice. : . Mrs. Partington on Ghosts. — "Do you bolicvo, in ghosts, Mrs. Partinton P " was aaked of tho old lady, somewhat timidly. "Tobo sure I do," ropliod sho, " as much as I bcliovo that blight fulminary thoro will riso in tho yeast to-morrow morning, if wo livo and nothing happens. Two apprehensions havo sar- tinly appeared in our family. Why, I saw my dear Paul, a fortnight before ho died, with my own ojos, jest as plain as I see you now, and it turned but nftor- wards to bo a rose-bush, Willi n liighl-cup on it; I shall always think, to tlio day of my desolation, tlmt k was a fororuniior sent to mo. T'other ono onino in the night, whon wo were asleop, and curriod away tliraa candles nnd a pint of spirits that wo kept in tho houso for nil embarkation. Beliovo in gliosta, indcod j I guoss I do, and ho must bo n dreadful styptic as doesn't." — The World of Wit and Sumor. Think Twiok Bkyorb bl'xakino.— Some absurd stories lmvo boon told of judges thinking aloud. Tho following story is told by ono of the Registrars of tho Court of Oliunoery of a grout Oliancollor : — " A bar rister, whom ho lmd not previously heard, wns retained to tirgtio brforo liini. 'Tito counsel was n man of ub- ilily, but began in n very confusod floundoring maiinor. Lord Clmnoollor : " Wlmt a fool tbo mail is 1" After a while ho got more cool nntl collected. Lord Clmn oollor; 'Ah! not Buoh a fool us I thought.' Finally, ho quito recovered himself and proceodcd admirably, Lard Chancellor: Egadl It was I that wub tho fool." — ,, Our Judges" in london Society. Legal Precision. — A curious story is told illua- tratin tlio logul precision of a great judge. Ho asked a nmgiBtruto on a oirouit dinnor whether ho would tuko boiiio vonison. Tho gontlomau answorod, " Tlmnk you, my lord, I am going to tako boiled fowl." Lord Ton- terdau retorted, " That, sir, is no answer to my ques tion ; I ask you again if you will tuko venison, and I will thank you to nnswor yes or no, without furthor provniicntion." Tho story was originally told in tlio Quarterly Review, but it is challenged by Lord Cuuip- boll. — " Our Judges," in London Society. A. Question answered. — Two candidates for tho pulpit of a ohurcli in tlio north of Scotland, named respectively Low and Aduui, preached their trial Bor- mono on tho sumo day. Low preached in tlio morn ing, and delivered an excellent und edifying disooui'BO from tho text, " Adam, where urt tkouP" In the afternoon, however, to hiB discomfiture, his opponent solcctcd lor tho subject of hiB sermon tlio words, " Lo, hero am I ; " und the cxoelloncu of his mutter, toge ther with tlio elevoruoss of his retort, gainod him tho uppuintiuoiit.- — Liverpool Albion, 