THE DAY OF THANKSGIVING. ?yiBTBHDAY, whioh had been set apart by a procla- mation of tho Government as a day of thanks- giving, for the rooovery of hiH Royal Highness tho Prince of Wale», was observed in Sydney as a general holiday, and throughout the day but more ospocially in tho morning-, there wore every where, signs that the recovery of the Prince had causod a fcoling of gladness and heartfelt thankfulness. In tho aftornoon large numbers of porsons wont pleasure-seeking in a quiet sort of way-, and in the ovening the principal plaocs of amusement were opened, and received good patronage. We append a briaf report of the various religious servíaos which took place: CHURCH OP ENGLAND. ST. ANDREW'S CATHIDRAI,.-At this place of worship yesterday, tho morning service of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the preservation of the life and restoration to health of T.R.H. the Prince of Wales, was attended by a very large congregation, amongst whioh numerous Volunteers in full dress uniform wero oonspicuous. After a voluntary on the organ, com- bining therewith tho anthem * God bless the Prince of Wales,' by Mr Montague Younger ; the Rov. Dean Cowper and the Rev. O H. Rich respectively read tho first and scoond lessons of tho Liturgy. Tnstcnd of the renito exultemos, a hymn coraposod of soriptnral nentonops appropriato to the oocision was sung, whioh waa followed by the ohanting of psalms xx, xxxiii, lxvi. Tho proper lessons wero Isaiah xxxvli, v. 14 to 36, and Acts iii, v. 1 to l8. The opistlo waa 1st Peter ii, v. 11 to 17. Thogospol was St. John iv. v. 40 to 03 The hymns sung woro from Mercer's Oxford edition. Nos. 474 and 470. In nKoe of the first colloot of morning prayer, tho following waa used : Almighty and most merciful father, to Whom beloag the Issnes of life and doath, and Who art a strong Tower to all them that put their trust In Theo : we offer unti Thee this day our praises and thanksgivings for Thy merciful preserva- tion of the life of tbe Prince of Walo* In hil lato most dan- gerous Hines*, and lils restoration to health. We acknow- ledge that this waa Thy doing And we bless and magnify Tky Käme for tho mercies thus vouchiafod to us and the umpire to which wo belvng. Continue, wa bosa oh Thee. Thy, mercies to him and tous, and grant that all tho world may know that Thou art our Saviour and Redeemer through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. ^ In the Communion Sorvioe, instoad of tho oolloot for the Queen, the following collcot waa substituted: Most gracious God, who has set Thy servant Victoria our Qoe-n upnn tba throne of her ancestors, wa most humbly beseech Ihee to protect htr on the samo from all tho dangers to which sho m «y be exposed: hide her from the gatlnrlng together of the frowerd, and from the Insurrection of wicked dosrs : do Thoa weaken the hands, blast the doslgns, and defeat the enterprlee« of all hor enemies, that no secret con- spiracies, nor open violences, may dlsqniot her rolgn ; but being safely kept under tho shadow ni Thy wing, and sup , ported by Thy power, she may triumph over al opposition - so wo Thy pi-ople and shonp "f Thy pasturo will give That for ever, and will always be showing forth Thy pralso from ceaeratlon to generation, thr ugh Jems Christ onr only Bavlonr and Redeemer, lo whom with Thoo and the Holy Ghost be glory in tho Church throughout all ages, world wlthontend. Amen. Tho Rev, Canon Allwood (of St. James') then esconded the pulpit, and doliverod an oloquent and impressive disoourse from St. John iv. v. 46 to C3. And there was a cortile nobloman whose son was elok at Capernaum. Winn ho heard that Jesus was come out of Jurie» Into Galilee, he went nnto him, and besought him that be would cnrae down and heat his son ; for he was at the point of dea'h Then said Jesus unto him, Eicpt ye see sign» and wonders, ye will not believe. The nobleman aatth unto him Sir, come down ere my child die. Jesus salth nnto him, Co thy way: thy son llvuth. And the man believed the word thit J»sns had spoken nnt» him, and he went bis way. And as he was now going down, his servants met hint, and told him, saying. Thy ann llveth Then enqnlrod he of them the hour when he be ran t o am^n 1. A nd they sa d unto hlra, Yesterday at the sevon'h hour tho fever Irfthlm. Me the father knew that it was at the same hour. In the which Jesne aald nnto him, Thy son llvetn : and htrasolf believed, and his whole house. After the offertory, a special prayer for unity was said, and the service closed with tho benodiotion. Tho various ohurohos undor the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan also adopted the above ritual, both morn- ing and evening. \- ST. JAMES'S.-In St. James's Churoh where the Rev. Mr. Bode orhoiated, the text chosen for the sermon waa from 1 Tim. ii.. 1, 2, 3-'I exhort that first of all. Supplications, Prayors, Intercessions and giving of Thanks be made for all mea ; for Kings and for all that ara ia authority ; that we may lead a quiet and peace- able life in all Godliness and honesty ; for this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour.' ST. BABNABAH'S.-The Rev. T. Smith in St. Barnabas'», ' preached from Psalms oxxvi, 3-* The Lord bath done great things for as; whereof - we are BUd-' ... I CHRIST CHURCH.-In Christ Church the Rev. Canon Vidal selected as the text for his discourse the words of Psalms lxvi, 7, 8-'He ruleth by his power for ever ; his eyes behold the nations : let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah. O bless our God ye people and make the voice of his praise to be heard.' ST. JOHN'S, DARMNOHrjasT-The Rev. T. Hayden (the incumbent) preaohed from Psalms c\\-, verso 1 He eloquently commented on the natural lund-sncy of men to forgot God's mercies, and furthoi, aCbough admitting in general His im mediato provident'al oare in spiritual as well OB tomporal matters, yet when brought praotically to tho test, virtually to deny it The subject before us, and tho services of to-day, lead na naturally to oonslder-first, the duty of thankful- ness ; second, the present call for thanks ; and lastly, the way in which thanks should be shown. First The duty of thankfulness porpetually enjoined in God's Holy Word the example or the Royal Psalmist exemplifies the necessity of this duty. Second Present call for thankfulness. The unexpected recovery of the Prince, an answer to tho earnest prayers of the whola nation. Third. Way in whioh thanks to bo shown not by lip ssrvice only, but by heart service too. Thereforo it js occampaniod by reformation of life. This the apostle nrguos in addressing tho Church of Rome.-A oollootlon was made in aid of tho Sydney Infirmary Chaplaincy Fund. [ Sr. LUKE'S, SCBSEX-STBEBT.-Tho Rev. Mr. Unwin conduct;"1 divine worship ia this church, and took his | text from Philippianl ST. PETER'S, WOOLLOOMOOLOO -Tho Rov. G. H. Moreton took for his toxt 1 Timothy, ii., v. 1 to 3. Ho remarked that ho had oskod himsolf why a day should be sot apart for thanksgiving. In reply, said among tho reason« may ho the following :-The dangerous ill- ness of the Prince had oallod forth tho loyal footings of tho nation. ' The fall of tho Royal Family would bo | followed by the fall of tho Peerago, tho Church, and the end of religious liborty, alterations In tho Homo of Commons, and general confusion throughout the Empire, and a repetition of tho dark days of French history, Tho Prince's restoration ha« saved us from a long Rogenoy ; and under our constitution tho Primo Minister is tho ohief ruler. When ho losos tho conti donco of tho nation or Parliament, a ohango of Ministry follows. This does not nffoot tim safety of tho throne. The Sovereign is ralsod above tho strifo of party. How groat must bo the influcnoo, both publicly and pri- vately, of a wiso and good ruler. If tho Trinco of Walos had boon taken out of tho world, tho »hook may have been such on the mind of tho Qaoon na to unfit hor for her duties, if not to abortón hor days, and then, during tho long minority of tho Duko of Cornwall, many ovila may havo arisen. Gravo fears havo boon entortalnod by tho loyal subjects of hor Majesty that an estrangomont Buch as oxistod between Georgo III., in tho lattor years of his lifo, and tho then Prince of Walo», has in somo degroo oxistod be- tween tho Qnoon and tho present Princo of Wales, Tho lato dongeroun illno» has brought tho mothor to watch in the sick ohambcr of tho son. This may load to tho most happy results in, and far boyond tho Royal Family. Whilo it is unsafo to glvo credonoo to ono I half of tho rumours against tho Princo's moral chnrao I tor, yet there is too much causo for foar that his lifo has not boon suoh as to aocor.l with tho oharactor sot forth in tho Holy Scriptures of thoso who rulo and wear tho orown whioh fadoth no*, away. Ho has been brought almost to tho gravo, and thon raisod up. May ho, liko D ivld, leam tho goodness of bolng aluiotod, and may Edward VII. havo nil tho pletv, lovo for his oountry and tho Protestant religion, of Edward VI. Those woro among the reasons for thanksgiving, as thny had Bupgostod tbomselves to tho proachor's mind. Ho folt thankiul that that day had neon set apart, as it waa a manifost recognition of God in tho illness and restoration of tho Prinoo, and should load us to feel that onr sioknoia and health aro His gifts, and may tho ono bo endured with resignation to His will, and tho other used for His glory in doing good to others. ST. PHILIP'S (Church Hill).-Spoolal thanksgiving services wero hold morning and ovoning, nt St. Philip's. Ttio sermon in tho morning wan proached to a numer- ous and devout nuillonoo, by tho Itov. Canon Tho.nas O'Rlelly, from a nioit appropriate text-part of tho IO til verso of tho UBth chapter of Isaiah, vi«:-'The living, tho living, ho shall praise theo na Ido this day.' The Rev. Dr. Harry nominated divino scrviao in tho ovenlng, tho oholr singing tho National Anthem befoio tho bonodiotlon waa pronounced. TniNlTï CJIUROII.-A rathor numerous oongrogation attondod tho morning sorvioo at Trinity Church, whare tho ltivv. Edward llogors briefly addrossod tho worshippers, ' and reminded thom that thoy wore assembled to thank God for his goodnoss, and thoy i woro influonood in so doing by tho following reasons :- , 11\. Beoause a young and valuable life had boon pro longod. 2. Because the Queen, the Princors of Wales, and other Princes had been spared a sorrow whioh, | humanly speaking, would very nigh have brokon their hoarts. 3 Because our loyalty causes n« to rejolon at , tho Prince's recovery. The roverond gentleman then I preaohed a sermon upon the 8th verse of tho 32ud I Psalm. The snbjeot of the diBonurso was a recognition i of tho Divino wisdom which had been so Bignally dis- played in the coso of his Royal Highness, and closed hy a general exhortation to all present, under all cir- cumstances, to put their trust in Divine Providence. 