BEHIND THE BUSHES. BY LOUNGER'S GHOST. I've been cogitating, ruminating, wondering, by what rule (if any) the nomenclature of racehorses is guided, and my nearest approach as yet is the 1 rule of the ridiculous (if such there be). On enquiring of a horsey friend the other day he jgave-me something between a wink and a leier, and said thus—"My freend, theer be mony things about reacehosses and hossreaces yer dunno • unrterton," and -upon reflection I think-lie told 1 me true. For instance I cannot understand' why there should be such a rush for the name of any horse that acquires a little celebrity-in England, for no sooner had' Tiin Whiffler ennobled his plebeian name than there was a riish by the owners of horses to ' secure it, and New South Wales had its: Tim Whiffler;' Victoria,' ditto; Tasmania ditto —but the 'first alone had any claim to the title of racehorse.. r He has left the turf "with honors, and gone to the stud,- since when'the original Tim Whiffler has been imported for the . same • purpose which :-must cause considerable ; confusion of pedigrees • hereafter. If some offefctual niekns are not'adopted to set tliem'right/this cbnfusion inust Imve a deteriorating effect-in'the Indian market; Some' old felloWBays, ; "What's ink name ?" There must 1 be something, for the desire for change is not' confined fo the female sex ih the' human race, and in th6 equine such iuimes as Argus' Scandal,' Paddy'p Land, ; Itollidkiiig Sal, Times arid Mines/- &c.j;&c.; /inuat be a source of annoyance '.'to the : bearers thereof,-if ^they ilnderstand them; &nd; L' su,ppofe,-they must, or -why such names 1' " I.diffel^lwith.mjr brother "The Druid" in regrettir^ the death of a promising colt named' Selfr'Reliance' by Self-reliance; 1 look" upon it as a meroiful'interpbsitiori of Providence, for had he lived he neve* could have looked a decent named hotse pr mare in the ; face -with such a name, and pbdigree. if Sam SnookS or' Bill Bijggins were to offer themselves as husbands to the Princess Beatrice, I would; take short odds that they would be rejected:; but if a Leveson- Gower.: throws in his hat the case may be different, though he may be the worst specimen of the lot. She may condescend to be Marchioness of Stafford or/Duchess of Sutherland, but-Mcs Snooks or Mrs Buggins never. So it appears.there is sOmething in & riame, after all. .If .the owners of racehorses are so deficient in invention' as to be:compelled to fall back on names.gone before, it woiild.be well to adopt the plan of the :cattle breeders in England, and number thofee'.of.the eatae iiame, so that all may possess^ .Tim Whiffler :or a'Marquis' and be delighted 