FIEL'S DELICATE OABE.--"DONEI" (From Clhamtcra's Journal.) WIEN Mrs. Fiel was a bride, all the spec-, tators agreed that she was a pretty and in teresting girl, who, would make a fine wo man when she came to fill out. But she never did fill out; on the contrary, time, that stole her years away, robbed her of plumpness too; and after thirty anniver saries of that wedding-day, she was consider ably more slender than at starting. She wore curls and a black band round her fore head and mittens-not knowing that these, things had long ceased to make her attrac tive, and, on a first introduction, would have struck you generally as being somewhat of a guy;. but a better wife you would scarcely find in all England and that is infinitely more important than comeliness and tasteful attire, as you will own before you have been married for a quarter of a century. Excellent at all times, Mrs. Fiel culmi nated at meals. Call no man happy till you have seen him at breakfast. A natural irritability in Mr. Fiel's disposition has been almost entirely cured by little soothing com forts and tit-bits. He was a solicitor, with an office in London, and a semi- detached villa in the suburbs, who had to leave the latter at nine to roach the former by ten every morning. This necessitated breakfast at'eight, but even at that early hour Mrs. Fiel saw to every detail herself. It would have, shaken a very confirmed bachelor to have seen her table one spring morning a few years ago-the linen was so white, and the tea so black, the water cresses and radishes so fresh, the marma lade and apricot jam so daintily set out, the eggs so now-looking, the loaf so brown and crusty, the dry toast so crisp and thin. And when she heard the tread of her husband's foot on the staircase, and the flourish of his nose. which invariably heralded his ap proach, she rang the bell for the appetising little covered dish, which matched and fitted the slop-basin, to be brought up. This con tained frizzled slices of ham or bacon, deli cate and curled, a sausage, a kidney, or the savoury thigh of a chicken. May such be your only domestic broils! A halo neat man, with sharp grey eyes, and a very good opinion of himself, entered and looked at his letters, selecting and open ing one at once. " Well, Martha," said he, "the Chip-chow has arrived at last." "You don't say so! Then Mr. Lobyear will be hero presently. Will he come to stay with us, do you think?" "I don't know. You had better have a bed ready; though I expect he has not come to England with the idea of shutting himself up with an old man and woman four miles from the Marble Arch. Still, as everything will be strange to him at first, he may accept my invitation for a night or two," " This Mr. Thomas Lobyear is rich- is-ho not?" "Will be, I suppose. At present, he pro bably depends upon his father, who has given mo very liberal orders, abourdly libs is a1enP sýtlmut·!fim '1EiOD itOU iing go lonr mjnJoagat. i'saago, the old :mn ,must .baox host ieXU flioSie of stglu of witluoeeidtisil' Ana' otlu tid X ' tuad * iM " i dl n' 'iit ;m~ i i t b eO w o rtet $tane.SCrf.M h ilwmeiý'" , 3ýurtiit;tlleannS Idiliil roF the~Siecil, was at'. ,a muittt;iiinbg-sdlwdl ot (cUifto%, ;ibt tibe ,wi' aeiipesoo o toodn ·f a s man. 'S.9 h, 'fi, ah V" ' llap,ý;116adibis; hlo~.w ~yw. ý" Mý w our rmunoh nati~ang Id 1et y 9 F'om 'rhea 1 am .uil odstiis ·ff;' a g pwtf .age ot yoour :at0ompUp`E ans 0i 1ibdh, ut wouncldt aem 8 aing iko ,a I an'db 01 h kudx t st; add Lc 'our ihul* 1uyutly gtirviews ~fr his .eon than imorrj g uizout iosOay-zt an005 e do .au lE0glirk 0 QtiouP' "'WIrlby, lb aiatilO oseuor ~,o ana tioitsitt i bit euith it ihoathen, o ith ,a xiug £h irugiz ibwor os likse t ing °'" "` Xi oa'Y; note' thus;" xc r}'lied Yjd ;d i!, laughingt:; 'niif Jie sutlfi .tOiasuuvr a utw iRoa uor ;a reab! ijisat oXf ;Ouklr boots (by 2it, bs 'to ortotly .ýt uaS of ýooa ýoupu .'r l "a'h hoI twr busbsuda~luugti4 :and aihetter aihoo the sucgpirt np !Lo thssr ataarpatiunec rn8 adl - Pun~s Ed1o doai and ~ Thiri: ding lwiidfltl he gar3 1 ,me if itrhe iuruded to t iia Utllientsor thti rlhutii meess- dor tit' ,uhobsd be ,wais :itlliog to the puoipeo1 twO a ri. Z l1.6 :titirtt for lufarmu- } o 1w nnarroat, 1thought koairatiyt1:a1ik't Clesw1t the 1 iif h toeuire Lidtiniine id ju Abe !ttwk ca'ljwizs te. iwOd udartakoiy, anOd Wat tborofpre ,,A liuuwllohng to dtdluit ;hie NNM5e tiuto;&is; troandeaaa. ` Ah;' saidabe ý' tha wa tie avuiltu jides for a ila iMar{, lo baanish Itimatilf unwj11etd1), and ~lue iupidirfiaod life, 1warstbe a ire and tatdyiog thutaouy ad ;butter ioicauuhdpan . Fur a poor au1o11u~eaI~, it :?wwo the a ~cplioebe I te expeuted do bq suak ýoozautl i g y ita the and;.?uut from ghat 791tit~' t05. obyear thin iaore hxoney than (tDo5u itliatt do do mit b :ait aaY "Yose 1w lwas vrale off 8 o oaley, iand get a good pxroperty dthrooyglei Mtidei se.baetd' 9' h, )OOZ oaaol I.4~oasy ;gried for 3her daeth BaTssl 010 r~e~ n' xF?ui ge3' ,ailhlluli w?x. sw\ ltsuw , uut rad ly. fle s h ae r d ae noug to lbe free to o !rlingi eoinus wlvurite hobbLy. If athe BaBS Zbid iooter yar, it ie .Syuit io that i~s wPoul hottire lkted aind leoft her.' '" Ah, Vrs ltii'd 1Mra&. ieli, 6'it is a fortunate ihing for hia, or at eny -rate for tkie tlon, thLat b eiied o eB goody a man of btainets se , .ourelf to look after le iauterette." ?1 O,'" sepHied her ihe uand aouneeit ity, "^OPw6dering that the bulk of mie prop'rtr In sin ouIes e tuated ia a rapidly improving ietighibouroo, and that the ttnauts re Up to ail .wrs of dodges to evoid hauring the xente aeied, perihaps e aueut who twat not sharp uigint Ints an udractegs Lere eand ethere, lFr iustane, there ,mt an applico tion for the reunewal vof a Iers the other day, snd disoovered that the toeut who h ad been paying fority pounde a year, hatd .uoder for ite leet three yeara at a hundred and tea., ''f i.or, tow hnarp you are," " Wel, I aee not born ion ork?e?bire for not'ing. I do not know of wore th1e one pereoo who ever regularly took me la - that young reasil Torm SIott, who robbed me five riar go!' " Ah, that was very ehociing," sid the good wife oothingly; " but then you knowr, he *we brought op in your own oftw/e' w" Why, Kudrthel1 Do you .euppoe Sthen, thaSt he learn'»d diihoneety thor" I never erpu'cte'd an epigram of that eurt froml ' your mioutdh I would have you to knowi that loould put at leeat a couple ofuthou sand a year into my po'ket from the Lob year property alone, without a chuia.e of de tetion, if I choas to be dibonourale." " I am sure I never meant to cau! you la ehp gram, any other name," cri'A lrs. i'l, asetonitred at tiis outbreak, "I oily vid3 that a breach of fruit oEt reny ftr that Soott, be?au lie bae ad beeun uuder you for some time, and probably had had opportuni "0 , that is diffteret," eaid her biFband, cracking in egg, It ws not a tlendr con stlence which made Mr. Fiel so toucjhy-for though priding limself upon his ahrew.d;1espe, tle Wys perfrectly upright and trutltworthy but ith tought of Tom ifScot. T-here is this ditadiautaege li rec'oning yourielf to Jr leverer tkho the re.t of the, world, that if evr- yu are tatken in, it rne'iles. So th reme f',riunr ol'e 'm Sc'et alway ir·tit?td hifu. HIe had tikt n a fauey to the bharp lad, -sod I'ut lhi iu the toini where he favoered, enooureged, endu trustol him more and sore every year; and the reiult had been a cunniag bit of roguery anrd flight. There wi onre ry uolatioi; hli had caught the .scouhdrtl, who was tintrnced to two years' f>npriirnaeut, Hiad 'Torn) Sott got 0lf with imuni)nity lits heart would have been sear hbrealitu. "I eruppoai tiise youtn gentlemnea wat qite a la d lrn bhis father lwet to foreign part h? " Eaid Ire. Fiel pre sently, returniog to the puInIphandle. " As he is not of age yet, I euppisWho mnutt have been," replied her htuehud, ';ioitinuing to how. " Was hie !educatedl in Ingland be fore he went out to his father?" " Idon't know. lMr. Lobycer raever mentioned him before. I have written regularly to advice him how hir aoffire ctood, aod he hasi fora time to time briefly acknowledged my let ters, delaring himeell eatifie d, telling me o to do whut I tlhught beat, caying where he wiahled )it remittancea tent, and now and then rherueting mti to undertake certain hem meatlon f'or him cononected with hilR purnuitp, but ot at all with my bueiries. How've.r, as hoe ie alwtys behaved very handearnoly, I have done my beist to obligo himi, and menan to do no etill, though this prseent job La rather a derlicate affair, and quite out of tny line; mwhat I call a regular pices of diplomacy," " Ai?" " Ye;. Itfra eris that the young mnti hav inih'erited hilt fthtlie' fancy for a roving life though not his 'den title tattet. IHe hue been living in Borneo for iotne yenar, ta:iling ulaoit wit! erxpedi tinjs ugainlt thle pirattie, aund I don't know what ail, Mr. I,obyearr, enior, went to Chliua from Japan a yreaiir urnd a half ago, and lils ie n joined ulitr at 1Log Kinrig, .whoe lhi intimated a duecire to go to Eng land for a while, and hnve a pIell of corvin fortableo living. The father was willing enough to li'l hiim do Ba, and gave him a lette-r of credit to nin, and ieo itarted in one of thi tiia eailinig-litipe. Hut alter hle ad cailed, Mr. J/;y<:ar, lionior, received infor ration f-rri a friend that his >on'e principal reson for leSiring to vinit England wasi tlhe lhopii of nictilng with an adv<)nture;s, wlbov acriuarintci heiial had mrade at Cualcuttu, and whlini, in tih »rd'ir of a tiret paro!;)i' hle ' d air-dl tlo rmrry. 'hi, luady hIdl olther viewn aIt the tiniie; but ince erniled ly lettelr on blii juit, r nl \ ra l is a mIlOt undlsiirable wit for him. 'hin iw ar having comane to mo by .eettmmer ibex ,ef Lim-fie lolng ;n ntý ti!::i `i,, vauunqtaiit riuurl iurri'viev ai. l' micriiiw '1 Iti :e V~iiim thn .taarriege. u'2i:ir r:ia. 'tdornie Wlt aanpmaraivn'l asw vi:i>e hiei aU =Iuur;; but~ be will nerve t · (117,k ill r*liiirhi amanti,.uaudit wold n ;pier naGqq iono to dlolim ~iutt'rc for :ba:: timnu. I hype tu' b in' off ul~ tn l oinr..'' ' f :.n v auna't you tiuut tou: if ih rSnortu .rovii into the uBounn f Ian inunoani, tio*,mviainh n d maid a anttian girl, 1iic :aatata:io 'in'r 'pis aimnture mould then sooner be get vran r" -"Well well ; Bend for ISaohr .' f nu. ib-e : ti would ibe .laarig tivrvow lit timn nod of .the ,tarj mr. Oa30h doivt pa; her -lip to tulnuh teiut aole atin rtr a very- groaiat relc, for lim sfather ma-r iliem 'Roer aailta:.n and aelaier uinte, fir nueal' I nourw. ar. ho may ejun ti all Lie mnser in building ;ingo det, or .aaiauarniui, or 'blunk-btelele munnrimn ; mnie lutittiu, cut. eapadriinonn to tcumiovor the ;` nalh Pole, -auinc reliu odin't :o have a tarn, uftor e LX thme aIe mNaide about thme .orth. I iw Miot boy ac m enn ernur that it 5a .n .1,na thiair. I crrla:" As Mr. Taial ut°.ored thane hiunt cvrdt;, be aootkoa ut Sis :watch. nod thou ·!:ork u iii~rr 911t oI f eis *Cutl; nwhorocLpon i7iGrn. Fit] Ibrunted .his ;but, nod brought i" to hrim, r zother-Withu light. b meuertb~intr +.k', a rife AEd are -a mite n tnht enrr, "ueeui~t'r ;bold!!' the (iityrAtlti baie drotnrei bite up. It is uem thilig for it iiiineg thip .-v be tolegenitpbed, noid inotetjor f :r i to arnr~ie in tpert. A hAbony gile tauttit theb creti nuad ptioniorie f "too chip-c:' iItur and it one a ;'Wol::btfe re r. M el ant bit jiilte'e ivtut tet, w b·wbe ttim e the ' mpoliiihetld bmre wasi ife eiittabtiiiuted udier the ;tttternal ,roof; for ir tttbCrI thoug It the kuwver rw-aggarit tile 01t' 0 U 06 .ttiitgaitt the yo'ung mNie'e i2heritiheg n good fortunee, ied etuit e her little etrittn. It ie certein that the hareriIS ror- eutimnted bter deal bter'it uttre dtiune. "elle wTa6 P good girl etntggh, but uoommntoepi , neod Wet oeuutil ; it tehe hiudtr{su nulet'e to drive out uvttaotr -very firml fil' in the pop-gun hteart of n lvror. iowever, the deoiguing mother tan un w\itting daughter had a fair chance, for young Lobyear accepted the offer of hoepitality made ?im byo IMr. Fiel, and cettfiliehed lhimnelf in their house tatil be could loo:- abOut him:. Travel in hot limcates had maturetd the young man, whom cou iould hvre taken for fire-and-twenty. it had likewiae te? aed him; and his face a.nd bands wre n dark, that ? irs. Fily was induce'd to make ineuiries about the nation aflt. of his mothers bu"t at her b?husand had never known anything of Mr. rLohyear before be put hit atlraie in hit hande, on goieg out to the Era?cst, .nare ere ignoratt, ctfl lately, osf the very etleoteoe Of tlhi aso, the ould nott get much satiafactory in formation out of him. I o the concluded that ih.r Lobyear cenior'e oriental teates were not confied to the fauna and flora; and the deep blackneeS of the .young manh e hair, yehrowe, and long, drooping cilky mo~ tache certainly tended to conairm the theory. Wih menuere wore not very good. There ias an evident restraint about him; and if in tu oguarded moment he geave nature her head, he heame u boiteroue and vulgar. He was very careful, however, and only broke out once or twice, reoverbig hi?self almoao immediately, lie a eemed to find that the esafeat plan wase to epoon Bare], and devoted himaelf to her to etiduouly the first evening, that Mr. Fiel liatened to Lis wife'e etatement of proe and cone with terioueneec that night. "I have no doubt his father means well by him at preasent," said he, " or he would hardly show to much enriety about his contracting an unfevour able marriage, as to give me almoct arrt, flen-le in the coat of preventing it. Meiher would he name to handsome a tum- as airty pounds a month for expenece, if ha intended to leave him pennileos at bis death. But thie is all coMnieture." " But rather strong, Eraely dear; and he is certainly emitten with Sarah," aid Irse. Fiel. " Don't you be too wTre of that. Very likely he carries on wih everything in a petticoat, or out of one, in those Borneo parts, that he mfl?ete; or it may be that he is throwing dast in my eyes, to cover his intrigue with Lie o!d Calcutta friend." Mr, Fiel felt it to be so important to pre veut the young man giving him th<e shlp, that he left his other buasiesa to the clerks, and took nupou hin the ofiice: of howo:mau, whereby he male ncqualntarce with many L]rndven tights that he had never seen be fore-the interior of lft. Paul'?, to wit; the top of the mronumpent; Mfadarae Tueaud'e 'wazworks; anid certain bewildering circular pIctureo, apparently seen from the inside, as if one were a figure repreerjtedr, called pano rarn.as-all of which very much inte rested the young man, who nevertheless owned that, on the whole, he preferred Cal cutta. Mention of that city gave the law yer an opening. Hie iluired if there were much society there-pleasant society. And eventually iMr. Lobyear, the son, who of courte could not be expected to know his father's discovery and communication to his lawyer, took his cicerono into confidence. He adored the most charming, innocent, persecated saint that ever excited the jealousy of a spiteful coterie. Her name was Mentacute, and the was a widow with out encumbrance. Sho lhad been reaiding in a quiet part of the Ile of Wight, but was now on her way to London; and he had received a letter that very morning directing him where to find her; eo he would not trespass on Mfr, Fiel'r hospitality after that day. Whereaboute was Duke atitet, Jerimyn.ntreet ? The complacent Mr. Fiel conducted him to that neighbourhood, and also, in reply to further questionn, gave him an outline of the steps it was necessary to take before a gentleman and lady, in clined that way, could be joined together in holy matrimony. There could be no harm done in aftlrding hitm nuch ecrape of in formation: the first cabman passing would have driven him to the address, and the charming widow probably had liceneo and bannstl formalities at her fingers' ends. " Of course, you are of ago?" he throw in at the end. "I believe my father would nay I woas cornm months short of it," replied the young man careleesly; "but really hin ovi dence in to little to be trusted in any matter not connected with plants or inee tse, that I meaun to give rayself the benefit of the doubt. That's good law, ch ?" Mr. Fiel proposed a bachelor'e dinner at his, club that day, and entertained his guest all the evening with cauetic obnervations upon widowe aend the dangern to wh ich young toen were exposed, from beautiful airens, whose antecedents would not hear strict examination, illustrated with numerous upponito anecdotes, which the young man I~eoomc~d to ejone heitih. T But :he wold1 not Cl.,ppC helnm to hie ow~n vane:; no thut at hm'o the lem'vr was forona toe e mo-c' I~pii n with mnoth niolnrni atiheW. a 6*.ei.ilr th e voung man hnue who the lt=.; 1%r. inI;urltouo8 woe, nod toider irbet eir-1 o8Vt:ance th'e wtir wiow comce bo le tlone Lind urnllrt:ao~cla it Cniicutt? ýýut the.' ardeint le'oer would vtac iintoOn to n Hint 'irelienting uomn the obiect of bin niiffono:, Lna g'm. no c-iaa Latiti angl that XI'i. Tiel drory3ed 'the nealjeot ut once. Wiliorm eon he net a o if g f inne to a iur.n woo I deni no that If miil the world swore to may thng vwn lime'u ~ miutrent denied, hn inonid t ithe bor -wordmin profaromoeto the enitem oneat. To rpooe ine gmene bay mihoelog the pieronel 'letter enopoweijg him to ioriidl the mcrriomr, wocid 'ben "ben ottnridindnnd ait prenent; that munt ne Lopt .en the very hitt renourac, woho, aobtbined with tonoidiaere bmone f probable diiincberitmtnn it nmigmht hare an efeut. ihaut ',,cti l the lawyer ached himself urtfinchiglyr, when uiot that night. Probhdy of maling young1 L'Johyear diceeralhi fr the time, and marry hit widow elnewhere, ealnown to the lawyer. Arid if the agent were deseired, the bride groom might v~:l .h}?pe to conc.'L, the matter from ine ortt?rly-huntir.ng father; at all evente for a time. Toung people, epecsally when in lore. Sever 3ooIk far forward, but have a coutfidene in tnong turning up. Mr. hIM owned with inw? rd chagrin that he wee in fault. Suddenly an idea leuhed upon him like an inspiration. ityv not attack the wom? n ? he had her sddreos. "Ci'f course," he said aloud, turning his head on the pillow. "What, my dearY " resepooned Mrs. Fies. "'Nothing" And he went to sleep. ea-t moruing young Lol.eear left Mr. Pid's house, and went tv an hotel in Jermyn street. Mr. Biel pormeesed a very sharp ofocn-boy, for in ;pite of the trik ir'hic hba been played him by Tom Scott, he liked sharp boys ; only Be nerer meant to give another the chence of a"buUing ?is coidence. Billy Derw was employeil in minor matters alone; his master hatd no intention of pualing him. This lad had already seen young lobyear; the tiouse in Dute-street was now pointed out to h?, and he was directed to watchit, and let his mastertuow when Mr. Lhbyear left it. iSo Mr. Fiel waited in h?s club, which wa close by, and billy Daw loafed within eight of Duke-street. Billy was good at loainug; he gleaned amusement and instruction from the window of a newspaper and ?earfiatre shop; studied natural history. at a fishmouger'; set two boya to ight; ezeeperatedf drukena uen; procurad " c?at behind" for several youuzgters who were riding without paying their fare-all without losing sight of the door he rwa directed to watch. His report at the end of the day wat, that Mr. L.byear had left his hotel, and gone to the house in Dke-street at elereu a.m. At half-past one, a servant girl had come out with an empty dish, and returned in ten minutes with oysters. At eir o'luvk Mr. Lobyear had at last come out, accompanied by a lady, and they walked ar:-n-l-arm to St. James's HalL " Never mind," said Mr. Fide; "he can't stick so close as that to her for long, however deeperate bhis ondition may be. Try again to-lorrow." True enough at twelve o clock on the £llJowl g day, Billy Daw euamoned his master from the club, and informed him that Mr. Luhyear had gone out far some time, and the lady was alone. Asked how he kIew that his absence was not for a few minutes only: he replied that the gentleman had lit his bams directly he got outride the door. Mlr. Fiel wasted no time in further questioning, but hastened to the house in Duke-street, knocked and rang, and inquired for Mrs. Montmute. Yes, the servant girl said, she lodged there, and was at home. What name? And the lawyer wea ushered into the front drawing-room. A lady with a creamy completion and golden bair, elegantly dressed in half- mourn yug, closed the novel she had been reading, aod onre from her lounging chair to receive him:. Pretty, thought the i'"itor, decidedly pretty; but at least ten years older tha- ?e is. " You do tiot keow me, madam, or the o;bject of my a visit," be said; "to I bad better tell you at once that my name is Fiel, and that I am the legal adviser a! lir. L?b year. the father of the gentleman who aepiree. I believe, to the honour of your hiand." lire. Mootacute bswed, and- re quorted him to be seated. " I hope youeeil pardon tma," continued Mr. Fiel, dropping into a chair nwhich faced the lady, and look in' as conciliatory as he could, "if what I have to say should prove in any way disagree able; I am but the mouthpiece of my chtent, you know. IMr. Lubyear senior has beard, not from his son, but through other sources, of this projected marriage, and I regret to say that he has conveyed to me his dicap proval." "O, Eir !" "His very decided disapproval. He has never hed the honour and pleasure of teeing you, madam, or he would probably view the scatter in a different light, and hesitate, bLfore depriving his only child of the felicity co nearly secured to him. But, unfortunately, his letter was forwarded to me from Hong Kong, and he was then about to return to Japan, so that there are difficulties in the way of a personal inter view." "1Really, Mr.--Mr. Fiel," said the widow, glancing at thecard which had been given her, "I hardly know what to make of all this. I was certain.ly aware thatMr. Lob year had a father "rory much devoted to variou branches of natural history, who, if alive, was supposeod to be somewhere in Japan; but that he takes any notice of his eon's affairs, or profecses to exercise any authority over him, is quite a now idea to me." "To me also, madam; and I believe it to be a very unusual proceeding on his part. But marriage is an exceptionally im portant thing, and as his son is under age- " "Under age! Thomas under ago! Impossiblo!" cried the widowe. "It is a fact, mada.m; but were it otherwise, it would be of no importance, since Mr. Lob year is entirely dependent upon his father, who is determined to discontinue his allow ance, and cut him out of his will, if lie marries without his consent and approval." Mrs. Mcrntacuto remained in pensive con templation of a very pretty foot for some little time before sho replied-" Excuse me for being over-cautious, Mr. Fiel; but you are an utter stranger, you know, and I should like to coee the letter from Mr. Lob year's father, if you have it about you." ":Certainly, madam," replied the lawyer. "A very ncaural and proper precaution on 3onr part. I :muhht be .sircl, aromptaII ry motivoe of jvalouey. ero isE tne lthnr which, ?vweveor, I fear maey Fve yout. :in. eiel inngues;n" he continued, os the widvvo t:o -he n:umont Lia run her eyre r?it_: over ' "-?".i tongues had evidentl~y :rn duwe yonu. _4lu?: the bent aund f'diret can ,ot e'n? ounner'! D Indeluaed, the gn',atr ;he nmarit, the more virulent the anr..", :,vidontly genuine. Thant yun," nIa t=he widow, returning the letter with evtraor tinner compoesure, ·onoidering 'horw he wee troeatee i it, end then once more mining her +ne: noon her boot, which bne fi{adee' becnt, ohn roaps3into ie eiencte ona m.oitnr- i tion. At length the rdised her rees elowly to the lewvor'e, nna leosinig at hfim qcgiey, buttery £tnetiyr, she tnida--I? r.I til, y?u heve came to .me .treating thie ? flfir ntea pure .matter of boetnenn, end therefore 1 will aot epoch to you of my .cotione? it' would potlong tis intorriew; and prEb c.hlr von would not underetnnd me. I will ,ont of the mearrioge ongegoment between myoelf -na hr. Thomno Lobryear then, procieely as if it were o more comrmer tic1 traneaction. In ord.er to fulfil my pert, I here loft Inie, where I had a home, end have come to E?ngand to live on my meagre ,vensin. For all ies threote I coueider it Tvery n -i - e'y thet IfMr. Ii'oyer wil rerlly i?uherit is eonly child." :Perdoen cmy inutrrupting you, micudm- nothing is more prhbale. The ardor with whideh he per oes ihis feavourite decinoe amounts to maene, n?a I fear thet be weuld ae heraly uerry ar un aouos to devote ?nc entire fortune to the building and foundetion of a nuenm.n'" ' There le e certain force in what you aey,' a!ied the widow ciml; ancud I do not tonceal fron myself that it would be a very ereat mrisfortane indeed forboth of us if Mr. Thomae Ixnyerr were to be deprived of his -inome poan eor nuarriage. d ihi it world be worse for moe to breat it of, and remein here, far from my frienda, penniless." " Nay, adam, not pentlese; eome coo pentction would be yotr due," Lt?u rc F'pe rer VCrdir.etaet-- f they didn't come pre sertly to fair up-and-down bargain. The Sttehr as uintly esettled thus. rL-a. Montanute was to start for New ork by the nert =tail, Mr. Tiel tallng and paying :or her peenge; she was to write n farewell leiter to young Ltbyear, breahing the atnch, and beeping silence abont where the wrae trolg to. Mr. Fiel wee to anoompEan her on board the rship, and then to place in herehnd the sum of one thoneand pounde. When th?e treaty, with "no trst! l for its hbaee, waes eoluded, Mr. Fiel tool his leave; cod as he stepped into the street, JiaL Eorner alone vould appreiete his ecosetione. bever had ao delicate a case been o .silfuilly handled! Three days af-erwards, Mr. Fiel eoearted the fair widow to Liverpool; eacompanied her on board the American steamer; stayed with her till the lst moment, gavre her the thoneand pounds, and returned to the bosom of his family, having himself sealed and posted a most eatifanctory letter Of farewell to poor young Lobyear, whith was put into his hands nfeatened, that he might atore himctself that the contents were a ccording to treaty. 2iezt day the deserted lover car-e to him in a fury-storming, upbraiding, bseesnh ing him to tell him where his charmer had fitwn to; threatening murder and suicide when the lawyer remained obdurate. Ti aily, he rushed away, declaring that he would never Epeak to him again. "Yes, ,on will, when you want money," said Mr. Fiel, as the other bhanged the door behind him. He was right. In less than a fortnight young Lobyear returned, pale, calm, and haughty, and coldly intimated that he was about to return to the East and reguired fuode. After some discussion about necessary expenese, passage-money, out fit, what his father usually allowed him, sc., Mr. Fiel let him have fve hundred pounds, and saw him depart with infinite relief-for now the edifce of his diplomacy was crowned. Commissioned to separate a young couple, he had dispatched one to the east, the other to the west. What Encases could be more complete ? He had always estimated his acuteness very highly, but now he felt as if he should " strike the stars with his sublime top," as a schoolboy friend of ours once translated a familiar line of Horace. This state of extreme self-satisfaction lasted some months, during which he looked forward to the letter of thanks and admiring approval which he expected from Mr. Lobyear the father. It came a mail sooner than he expected. One morning, on entering his office, he found two foreign lettera awaiting him-one from an uhknown correspondent, the other in the familiar handwriting of his client in Japan. He opened this letter eagerly and prepared for praise. ear elr,- . can't m?ske ot the meaning of all this rigmarole you have written to me about a eoo and a marriage. I had a aon once, a lieutenant in the -4th, but the poor boy fell a victim to the climate of China ten years ago. You refer to a letter of mine, dated from Hong Kong, and it is tree that I a?e there about the time that you mention, but cer tinl I never wrote to you during aiy etay. If you are in your ences, you have been groesly imposed open by tome rogue or another. I with you would have the goodoeas to call upon Pinam of the Briti~S Museum, and tell him; Le. The rest all about buga and beetles. Mr. Fiel tfaggered to his desk, took out the letter he had just received, and compared it with this present one; the imitation of the handwriting was canningly executed; but a palpable forgery. Had he entertained the ghost of a enepicion at the time, he could not have mistaken it. It was a good hour before he partially recovered from the effects of thin blow, and then, in a bewildered, mechanical way, he opened the second foreign letter. It was dated from New York, and ran thus: Sir,-When I was a clerk in your oice, you tried to get too much out of me, bat I managed to turn the tables, and psy myself for time and tronble ex pended on your behalf-that was one to me. You caught me, and got me two years-that was one to you. With the aid of my clever little wife, I have drawn about £1580 out of you, winning two events out of three. Never mind; it was improbable that I, who alone knew the details of your busineos rela tions with Mr. Lobyear, should have chanced upon that gentleman in fong Kong, aend procured a specimen of his handwriting; and in the walnut. stained young men, with jet black hair and mons tacheo. you could hardly be expected to recognise the fair, smooth-faced, red-headed Tom Scott.-P.S. Love to Surah. I regre that we could not rquare matters by a matrimonial alliance, bat bigamy is not one of my little games at present. Mr. Fiel throew the letter on the ground, pounded it with his heel, buried his face in his handa, and in a tone of agony which might have melted the heart of his bitterest enemy, exclaimed, "done!" 