CHURCH OP ENGLA.ND CONCERT. As we predicted the concert for the Church of England Parsonage Fund was a grand success; every seat was filled, and the aisles were crowded so that there was not standing room The weather for the past few days being of the wet and damp order, the vocal portion suffered, as almost every one was troubled with a cold ; but for all that it went I off well,^the weather seeming to have cleared up for the occasion. J. Lee Archer, Esq., was in the chair. On Mrs Hansen's shoulders fell the larger portion of the work of the evening—that lady in the most kindly man ner playing the accompaniments to mos; of the songs.D All, however, exerted themselves to make everything go off as smoothly as possible, and how far they succeeded can be well guessed. The programme was a long one, and was carried out as faithfully as the I exigencies of the case permitted; a few changes were made—some that caused sor row. The concert was opened by Mrs Hood, a lady who played for the first time to an Echuca audience. It was easy to see that she was familiar with her instrument, and gave nil the force and sweetness that could be de sired in finishing her overture, and the ap plause showed that in Echuca good music can be appreciated. We were sorry to find Mr Shackell was not in full voice, otherwise we should have had a treat—Russell's " Sexton." This song was substituted for Mr Sugden's, who did not shew up to fill his plac9 in the programme. Miss Fallow also deviated from the programme by singing " Come back to Erin," mstead of " The Bridge," but in the pleasure she conferred the change waB over looked. Mr Denny in his rendering of "The Englishman" gave a very nervous and graphic description, which pleased a good number. That gentleman has a good voice, but should keep it more under control. The Misses Frankin gave a piano duet, "The Grand Duchess Quadrille" ; their styte of playing is very pleasing, and received a justly merited round of applause on its finish. Mr Fallow sang " The Slave Chase" in his usual effective manner. The gem of the evening was the duet by Mrs SL&ckell; and Mrs M'Culloch. Although the latter lady suffered from a cold, the words and music were given with such feeling that the audience were unanimous in their applause. It is so seldom treats like these are afforded that all cannot fail to acknowledge them when heard. We hope it will not be long ore we have an opportunity of again hearing them. Mr Kendall was next°on the programme. To say anything but that ho sang as usual would &6 throwing words away. His reception by the audienca proved him to be a favorite; and after he sarin- " Madoline," he gave in response to en encore "The Anchor's Weighed." Mrs Hansen and Miss Stubbs played a duet valse on the piano from " L'Africaine," which was heartily received. Mrs M'Culloch sang "Far Away" contrary to the doctor's advice, but in order that the programme should be carried out and none disappointed on her account. The song was well rendered, showing that lady has a most sweet and pleasant voice which is well cared for, but the effects of the cold told plainly. Mr Shackell gave "The Charge of the Light Brigade" in a very good style, whioh the audience acknowleged in the usual way. This brought the first part to a conclusion After an intermission, part second beo-an with a piano introduction, "Danse Es^agnole." by Mrs Hansen. This lady is a splendid musician, and displayed great taste in all she did during the evening. At this point Mr Coope—a new face on the platform came on to sing " Simon, the Cellarer having no music he sang without accom paniment, and like all who do that, except finished artists, he fell short, more especially in a song of that description. When he had finished his song, which was all throughout interlarded with applause and laughter from the more eccentric portion of the audience. He was called again to sing, and commenced a medley called " Oliver Twist," giving in verse the life of Dicken's creation, but the laughter, stamping and whistling was something deafen ing. They would no sooner quiet down when behold our singer was on some other air. This seemed to tickle the irrisabihties, and another storm would follow, and so it con tinued; every one in the back portion of the house splitting their sides with laughter. That they understood it was a medley Mr Coope was singing we very much doubt, and to our mind the impression was that the crowd thought he was trying to please by giving a variety of songs for them to select from. It was useless to try and stop the noise while the cause was on the platform. When once that was removed peace reigned again. Miss Fallow was the first to sing after the tumult, and ehe'gave " I cannot sing the old songs," with much taste and feeling. She has a good voice, not over strong, but very sweet, and deserves the best of cultivation. Mrs Coope sang without accompaniment, in a voice of great power, " Oh, Erin, my country," and was honored by a recall, when she gave " Juanita." This lady seems to fill the whole room with a clear voice, which needs but cultivation to .be of that compass that would astonish many.. -The well-merited compliment of a clapping of. hands gave the fair singer to understand that she made a place in their memories. ThiB, too, was Mrs Coope's first appearance, here. Mrs Deakin played the " Etude Gallop" on the piano very pleasingly, and Mr Denny followed with a sen timental song. Mrs M'Culloch, finding her voice getting worse was excused, and Mr Kendall substituted, singing "Jones' Musical Party," and he was of course called on again, when he gave " My Darling Mignonette." As a soberer for so much hilarity, Mr Speed sang ,"Nil Disperandum" with becoming force, and was well applauded. Some soul stirring piano music was then executed by Mesdamos Hansen and Pulling, who gave " Queen Victoria's Coronation March," and which seemed to awake the whole edifice, und the excellent time kept was repeated by the feet of the hearers. It was a grand finish to ar large amount of instrumental playing that we remember to have heard, and when they quitted their seats the house gave a long last ing round of applause. " List, dearest, list " was set down for Miss Fallow and Mr Sugden. The duet was not a success for various reasons —a false start, nervousness, &c.;,—but towards the close confidence seemed to be regained,and it was only then we found what might have been done had the fate been more propi tious. Mr Kendall recited " Mary's Ghost" to the great delight of all. Vote3 of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly assisted and to the chairman having been passed, the whole concluded with the national anthem. 