A MYSTERIOUS VISITOR. v In the year 1704 a gentleman, appar ently of a large fortune," took' furnished lodgings in & house in Soto Square; After he had resided there some weeks with his establishment, he lost his brother, who had lived at Hampstead, and who on. hi3 deathbed particularly desired to /be . in terred in the family vault at Westminster Abbeys The gentleman requested .his landlord to permit him to bring the corpse of his brother to his lodgings, and -to: make arrangements there for the funeral. The landlord without hesitation' signified his compliance. The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accord ingly brought in a very handsome coffin, and placed in a great, dining-room. The funesral was to take place the next day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the necessary preparations' for .the solemnity. He stayed out late; bnt this was. no uncommon thing. The land lord and his family, conceiving that they had no occasion to wait for him? retired to, bed as usual about twelve' o'clock. One maid-servant was left up to let him in, and to boil'some water, which he, had desired might be ready for making tea' on. his return. | The girl was accordingly sitting, all alone ,in the kitchen, when a tall, spectre-looking figure entered and clapped itself down in a chair opposite to her. The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex; but she was terrified beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this unexpected apparition. Ut tering a loud stream she'fiew out like an' arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of her master and mistress. Scarcely had she awakened them,; and ; communicated to the' whole faipily some.' portion of the fright with which ?she was herself overwhelmed, when the' spectre, enveloped in' a shroud, and with a face of death-like paleness, made its appearance, and sat down in a. chair in the bedroom without their having observed how it entered. The worst of all was that this chair stood by the door of the bedcham ber, so that not a creature could get away without passing close to the apparition, which foiled its glaring eyes so fright fully, aad so hideously- distorted its features, that they could not bear to look' at it. The master and mistress, crept ,under the bed' clothes, covered with pro fuse perspiration, while, the maid-servant sunk nearly insensible by the side of the bed; At the same time the whole house seemed to be in an uproar; for, though; they had covered themselves over head and ears, they could still hear the inces sant noise and clatter,; which, served to increase their terror. At length ail be came perfectly still in the house.""The landlord ventured to raise his head,: aad to-steal a glance at the chair by the door but behold the ghost was gone! Sober , reason began -to resume its power. The girl .was brought .to herself after a good deal of shaking. In a short time they plucked up sufficient courage to quit the. bedroom, and to commence an examina tion of the house, which they expected to. find in great disorder. Nor were their anticipations unfounded ; the whole house had been stripped by artful thieves, and the gentleman had decamped without paying for his lodging. .It turned out that ho was no other than an accomplice of the notorious Arthur ^Chambers, who .was executed at Tyburn, lT06 ; and that the supposed corpse was the arch rogue himself, who had whitened his hands and face with chalk, and.merely counterfeited death. ..About midnight he quitted the coffin, and appeared to the'maid in the kitchen. When she flew upstairs. he softly followed her,, and seated at the door of the chamber,-he acted as a'sen tinel, so that his industrious accomplices' were enabled to plunder the house with-. out the least molestation. 