THE ROARER AND THE RING. [From the Australian.] In its introductory remarks to the report of the race for the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, won by reputed. Prince Charlie, the Field newspaper draws attention to the " ener- mous lying on racing matters Ihil ■ ■to he a chronic complaint on the text and for winch time fa no remedy.* "Shortof work," "never properly galloped," " beaten in hfa trial"—suck were the canards pendaten^r spread about by the touts. Notwithstanding thia "enormous lying" respeeting the condition of ahorse that aU the time nudging remarkably well, the Field state* that the general public strongly supported Prinoe Charlie, ant that be carried their money in oppontioa to talent, expe rience, and the jodjfnient of tUnoajan; in opposition, too, to nearly all Newmarket, where the hone and his doings were beat knows, bat where, with the exeeptioii'of Joaepb Dawsoa's (Us trainer's]l smbk~ he had oearaelr a friond. Ihere is no doubt, farmer says the #«W, that many of the leading bookmakers took Bbartiss with Pri.ee Charlie, and kid against Unt aa if ha wen dead, Then was always, however, plenty «t public money to go «n Urn, and plenty of ring money against him. A fortnitntbefare tS raee, a. centleaun who traios in the awae atahb took T.«B to l£M ahoot the Prince, and never hedged a penny, hot at the same time one of too staaeheet anpportera of the BedCsrd Voice auble deaerted it on thia n ■■ilia and bant •var tohrotte Mat. It was a earn of tke pnblio and the stable against the tafcmt, tin toots, and the riag, and it needs not to be told now how the latter gat the wont rf it, and haw the Prinop. the aplendid son of Blair Athol, krt the (o> repwtad) nuatoonnrmed isarar. warn the Two Thooaand, very easily aVfaatnar a lasot field, indndiac the aafaae^aant Oerby winatar, Cremorne. That there should he a diltamiaa of wpmion napMtbr taeapabOitr of a roarer to win the Two ThoomnA Omaess we eu m?dentaad, h«t how, ataplaoelikelfewmarkct. where lialait is so easy, there ahoald have been anca " enor maaslyinK,"aathe Fidd team it, imfulim Prinoe Charlie^ condition, or the wmf of work he had done, is past «mmprr?j—ia«. Tooting in Bofbadu earned MtM aystfasati ealhjwwtweeannot ■aliiisnl how the ring eonU him been ao deceived. The timf nmallT employs (he aharMt of watahen. and soundly a gallop «r trulcu tak* alaa* the ravalt of whkh fa not wind «A «v«r tho emmtir withta a few mimtea of its wamW off. BntmrilawiObarhmieasa.the imwawJ •gainst the boras as if ha were owtaf the nee. One of the oldest and merit astute members cf the ring oxpremed hhwmV to the Fidd reporter, who cave an opfaaan that the PrineewaaUwin,"v7a?,heaur. bv-tl shall be very happy to pay if kt ***." Was U the enormo?S lying of the tomts that canaad the dead set against the Prune on tho part of the ring? After all, the talent u not eo ■BMrt in the old eowitry at it W mwlit for beuc What will tttmrm. Joe Thompson, WaOis, Harper, •ndothea of omr smart dni sbm, think of their brethma at hornet They are coldom ought ao napping. What an open ing there mnst be for some of oar leading talent at home. They wo jU never make a ■■tsfcn abaHtacalenfalPriese Charlie, we inogine, as the leviathans of the British riag appear to hava male. What an opewng then mnst h? in Great Britain for a talented indmdnal Kke Mr. Lopdog Thompson to follow M, pmfitien. He woold be aheap at £1,041 a year an4sH expenses to saeh a man as SteeL Hewvald hare taken Prinoj Charlie's mewnre to a nicety, nor wooid ho hawa reportod U the home t'tlnt he wm as mfe as if haOed,- to quota the elegant phraseology of the bettiag And aardy after this oar famta em take heart. We all remember poor Hamlet's Ghost, how he was to win a l>e*by when he eoaU not nfaeaeantec How all theoolanUl toato wen tok?nu as to Bamlet'e condition on the ore of thatnee ua Matter ef notoriKy. Well, it ■aerna the touts in the old oaanbyare Mt am* cleverer than oars. They eaa make mistakes ako. Was it enormo?S lying, or what was it, that cuised the horse to tie as uur.pre sented? Bum Hermit', year netting aiaular bastiken place. In handicaps we can nmler sUnd a sotpriM, bat in the Prinee'a ca?fi—a hone doing his work on Newmarket ffefcth before all eyes, and a hone that had done veil in his preparation all along—it aaesas most nnaeeoantable. Anyhow, eaoraHnu lying re ■peetinf Prinoe CfcaHiet oonditio? was one of the prevailing feature* respecting the late race for the Two Thousand Gnineae. and for ones the talent, with all iU democM aad craft, was taken in. The moral to be deduced from thu ji that in the long run potlie form it tti? oaly mfe criterion to go by. T«iV< uid special com mianoners are so often milled and deceived that tfeeir ttpaAam must always be taken with I aome Kaervatian and distrust. In no instance 1 that we remember has public fonr, u ex hibited in the Mtamo, been wn faithful); carried out than in the vie^ory of Pnaoe Ciharlie at Kewm&rket.; The diatance n> in this r*M f w the gniMM it w little in exom of aatof ftetajMMMli neee of the pmrn MtomU wUtb Pnaee Cbariie. Gramorae. taaamaai, aad the ether cracks had me t, that it wasoalr rameitii te aappeae it mWbt be t c?ami as is their fact (aeetiag in tbe «pm«. saj?aasiagaOto ■saetawnatthepesi. lath* Derby tad St. li«pr, wherea dMuueafcnHind hi eonred.tiieapaiicr?iuuitcufieqiuotljr^ reread, ae stsaihrs a? well as apeedhas tbea to be eoaaidered, 8e we eee Oreawrne dm won tbe Bloe Kibutd, Prinee Gkirlie not beiac •noplaeed. Witk Rgud to ear great thne yemr-oU taeea, tbe A./.C. and tbe Victorian Derbya, we aball have -swaie enriositf te pcroe Ike bsOetua of ni tout*, ttpeken, aad f-rir 1 eeasanssaaaan frJtn baad-qaarters, ae to the Rlatfve ebaDces af erades eDga;-<i is these nan. bitto be Kiag of the Itiac. Aqras flmiaitst. or Hr. Isit'sgnr, Lcctarar, tfaatastopiovethe eanqaerortkui year? Tbe tafleniagis earnest will eoon «—eaw, and we shall, •sosaal, diapateh oar repteaoitativ? to take his notes. Whatever heoe aMf win the fiat af thetwoeresU, webepethatalaay rate as rajEtda the condition «f tbe bones eagased, the paMic wfll Dot hare cause to echo tin eoeaplaiDt of the field ttmeOng "the enormous Ijing that se«s to be a cbronie co?pUint" ia the eU country. At Hewaurket, wkere aom« 400 bsraea or BMtepHapcf a Bvormac Umarbe diiSeoltto take atock of all, and mictake* will happen; bvt at Kandwiek aad Flcninetaa there are each opportunities of aeetar what gf on that Oe condition of the bones aheaU not be a auttorof modi donbt, abboash we are fall* aim to the fact that, e*i of a hun dred pereeas wbo fancy theasaeires jndna in that partieolar, ptduMy the Majmit? wonld hate saade the aame mistake respecting Prine Cbailie aa Un derar teaU dU in Ba^and. 