EDITORIAL NOTES. The election of six members of the Legis lative Council will shortly take plaoe. The members whose period of service is expiring aro Mr. CShanassy, Mr. Tnrnbull, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Henty, Dr. Dobzon, and Mr. Blaok. The majority, if not all of them, will offer themselves for re-eleotion ; but as 'yet Br. Dobson is the only one who has spoken out, Mr. Kirk having entered the field against him. The only speculation about the other Is as to what Mr. CShanassy will do. If ho has any intention of re-entering the Assembly, it will not be worth his while to offer himself for re-clec- tion to the Counoil. The utility of the Land office postal cards was questioned yesterday. Mr. Wilmott, the town agent -of a large country con stituency, stated to tho President that ou the 3rd of Jnly he had received threo postal card intimating that certain business in whleh he we interested wonld be done in three days. A much longer time had elapsed, but the consummation had not yet, he said, been arrived at. A reasonable exouse was given for the delay, and the President stated he thought tho chief value of the postal oards now in use lay in the foot that they intimated to the persons to whom they were sent that their communica tions to the Land offioe had been received. A remissness on the part of a olork in ohargo of any partioular business was easily also discoverable by means of the postal card, Mr. Hodgldnson said that cards conveying more definite information, snoh as the "district surveyor had been instrnoted to report," or "the bailiff bad been instructed to examine the land," w pre being printed and would soon be in use. : The very voluminous report of the Board of Education, recently issued, oontaius some point of general interest in the various in spectors' acoonnts of their districts, which are liable to be somewhat overlooked. It wonld be a good thing if the inspectors, who sadly complain of the time lost in clerical work, were encouraged to condense their report into a muoh briefer space. One of those report, for instanoe, spreads over no less than five pages. The Inspector.General, as u,sual, leads the way ; and in giving hiB opinions as to the present condition of the common sohools of the oolony, he says that it is evident many of the sohools are still verv ineffioientlv taught, and this is owing to the inability of the teachers to commnni- oate knowledge. It is not the lack of knowledge on the part of the teachers, but the want of knowing how to communicate what they themselves possess. The ex aminations, a Mr. Budd rightly says, form no test of a person's fitneas to communicate Information to others. This evil, he thinks, can best be remedied by means of a system of pupil teaohers and a training institution. Both of these re quirements are already partially mot. Pupil teachers are being trained in most of the large schools, and they will unqu<stion. ably turn out the best teaohers, if they are taught by effioiant instruction ; bnt if their teaohers are bad the pupil teachers will be come very inefficient also, as one inspector states in his report. There is also a train ing institution, and as it has only recently been started we must not expect too muoh from it. It is well, however, to consider how it may be improved; bat on this point Mj\ Budd is silent. There is' no question that so far as real training in the art of teaching is oonoerned the plan at present adopted is very defective. To send a new student into the olasB-room of a well-disoiplined sohool' under the eye of the teaoher, and there let hun give a few lessons (at the most two In a week) in no way fits a person to take charge of an entire sohool on his own responsibility, and make all arrangements for conducting it in all the various branoheB of ednoation. The vicious system of oramming book information to en able the candidates to pass the literary exa minations pertains too mnch to the institu tion at present. Then again, the length of time a stndent must remain in the institu tion should be definitely fixed, and should not be so brief as sometimes it is. At pre sent, a youth with only a moderately good English education, with a small amount of natural ability for teaching, can go through the course of training and oome out as an authorised trained toaoher within twelve months; If his education be, at the outset, a good one, he may do it in six months. What advantage, then, is there in a trained teaoher over one who has taken the outside certificate of competency? No person should be allowed to go forth as a Government trained teaoher who has not beon put through a thorough ex tended course of training. The plan adopted in Dublin would be advantageously followed to some extent in this colony. It consists in having a series of sohools containing varying numbers of ohildren, .'say from thirty up to three hundred, some having no pupil teachers, others having assistants varying in numbers.. The students in training are put in control of these schools, and allowed to oonduot them with only snoh assistance from the resident master as maybe absolutely essential. A person who has undergone snch a ooui/se of training is thoroughly quali fied to go. and take exclusive charge of a sohool, and manage it well. Mr. Budcl speaks afao of the advantages of a properly organised system of inspection, and here too there i U room for improvement. It has lately been, too muoh the practice of the board to appoint gentlemen fresh from the university wh<» have had no experience in publio school teaching, and the consequence is that they havo to learn their work ub the expense of tho country, and to the detriment ot tho schools ; though they may be able to write voluminous reports, yet thei.T Teports do not carry vory much weight. It would conduce to the efficiency of the in- spcnlion if persons were employed who bad beem for some considerable time employed in teaching, and who would be ohoseu rather from their thorough efficiency in and know ledge of teaching (combined, of course, with sound and complete information), than from the fact of their having graduated at the university. Mr. Budd's remarks on tho ex- pedienoy of encouraging a higher grade of information imparted in the schools are worthy of consideration, espeoially when aocompanied with the statement that where such has been the case, the lower parts of the school, so far from suffering, have reaped many advantages therefrom. Among the opinions given by the other inspeetors, that of Mr. Sasse, of the importance of trying to give special instrnotion to yonths from 14 to 20 years of age, to fit them for their trades, should not be lost sight of ; it is a matter worthy of grave consideration. There are a few teaohers to be found who try to impart knowledge on other subjects than those set down in the board's pro gramme o£ Instruction, such as natural 1 science, &o.; ; in such cases the inspectors shouldbe instructed to examine thepupilsand -give every encouragement to the teaohers, Instead of overlooking these matters alto gether, as .is generally the ease. The in spector as a body complain of the amount of time oooupied in attending to the exami nation!, the result is that the board havo, decided to bold the important exami nations only once a year. This is a step ortolan www fliwita). some of the examinations the same as or- tions of the matrioulation examination the inspectors' time would be saved, and the teachers afforded three opportunities, in stead of one, in the year, of passing the literary part of tboir course, and they would bo in a better position for thoroughly quali fying themselves for proving their ac quaintance or otherwise with the art of teaching. The inhabitants of Eltliam may bo congra tulated on the faot that they will havo two bridges over Arthur's Creek at last, Mr. Cockbnrn having contracted to complete both in about nine months. Wo undorataud tbo tenderers were: — Messrs. Cockhurn.for the large bridce, £1175 ; smaller, £423 ; Miller, large, £I7S5 14b. 8d.; smaller, £569 18s. -Id.; Plant, large, £1S20 ISs. ; smaller, £642 15s. fid. A meeting. of the committee of the Mel bourne Anglers' Protectivo Society was held on Monday, tho 15th inst., . at the office of the Zoological and Acclimatisa tion Sooiety ; Mr. A. Brady in the chair. Thero was a full attendance of members. Mr. F. G. Moule reported that tho finaj amendments had been added to the Fisheries Bill, and that it would bo brought into Parliament at an early date, conjointly with the Amended Game Statute, by the lion, the Commissioner of Customs. The meeting then closed. A correspondent, writing from Stock yard Creek, says : — " I have been struck with the wretched appearance of several families here. On inquiry, I find their wretohedness attri buted to gambling — a vice whioh is carried on to a fearful extent. For a population of 200 persons, inclusive of women and chil dren, T am rather surprised to find that there are not less than twelve licensed pub- lio-houses, independently of a few shanties ; and by way of contrast I find throe stores struggling with dulnoss and (bad debts. Sun day is the favorite day for drinking, gambling, and fighting." Ballarat bag a white elephant. It has % largo room in the new town hall, whioh is too small to be used as a hall, and too large to be used for any other purpose. At present it is in an unfinished state, and from all ap- pearanoesis likely to remain so. It war thought that a sum not exceeding £1200 would have been enough to complete the room in every way, but the lowest offer made Is £2119. When Ballarat is in a more flonrishing can dition the above amount will be forthcoming to finish the work, but not before. A tea party in aid of a school established at Beep Creek by Mr. Wm. B. Brandrlok on the 4th Maroh last was held in his house on Saturday, I3th inst. The proceds of the tea amounted to £8 7s. 6d., whioh will bo expended by the oommittee in purchasing map?, books, and blaokboard for the use of the sohool. The district had long been in want of a school, and great credit is due to Mr. Brandriok for his perseverance in eatab. liehing one without aid. A oruel act was oommitted on the 19th of June last, at Traralgon. It appears that about midnight of that date sonqe evil dis posed person set fire to a house oooupied by a widow Darned Windsor, whioh totally destroyed all its contents, and effected a loss to the poor woman of something like £30. By the Police Gazette we find that the Go- vernment are offering a reward of £20 for the conviction of the offender. The Batesford people, for some resson or other, are vory exultant over the fact that the Police Ofieuoes Statute has been revoked in its application to that locality. The Oee. long Advertiser reports that "the 'ghost' of the Polico Offenoes Statute was rossted on Batesford Hill at midnight, on Monday, Earlier in the night a procession was formed in the township ; in front were several bell ringers, with huge bullock bells, followed by concertina players, while a numerous assemblage of kerosene-tin drummers fol lowed in tbe rear. The 'ghost' of the re voked statute occupied a central position, and was borne aloft on poles. It assumed the form of an individual-, measuring over seven feet, dressed in sable garments, and the head made from a hollow pumpkin, lighted with a caudle, with eyes and features neatly oarved, and shoemaker's pegs for teeth gave to the whole an absurd effect. For several hours the procossion perambu lated the township, creating quite an uproar, and then retired to the hill, where a largo bonfire having been kindled, the ' ghost' was unceremoniously oommitted to the flames." At the Hawthorn police court, on Tuesday, a little urchin, who from his appearanoo could have been soarcely more than ten years of age, was charged by the police with having no control over his horse. It appeared that tbe boy was a wood-oarter, and, in pursu ance of his avocation, was obliged to rise every morning before daylight, whilst it was often late at night before he reaohed home. Having fallen asleep in his dray, he was charged with the above offence, but out of commiseration for his extreme youth, the magistrates inflloted a penalty of only one shilling, without costs. If it were a horse or a dog instead of a boy that was deprived of his rest and exposed to all sorts of wea ther, doubtless the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals would intervene. The weekly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held on Tuesday. Present: Messrs. Hart (in the ohair), Knaggs, Gillbee, Levy, Hodgson, Fenton, Irving, Motherwell, Phillips James, Gibbs, Heineoke, and Dickson. The secretary reported the state of the honae to be as follows for the week end ing 13th July : In-patients admitted, 60 ; out-patients, 193 ; casualties, 16S ; deaths, 8; discharged, 59; present number of pa tients in hospital, 345. A report from the chairman of tho committee appointed to In quire into the re-arrangement of the duties of the medical staff, and the management of tho casualty room, waB received ; and the follow ing resolution of the committee was adopted : — "That tho receiving resident medical and surgical officers shall alternately attend in the casualty room, every hour from ten till two o'olock, so that the room shall be oleared by one of these officers every hour. At any other time of the day, the officers shall be summoned only in severe or argent oases." The resident medioal staff were requested to roport to the management committee if tho now arrangement was found not to work well. A letter from Br. Bradford was read, relative to a matter remitted to him, in whioh certain charges were made in a newspaper, that out-patients bad to wait a considerable length of time before being attended to. Some of the charges were admitted, but those alluding to tbe most important matter referred to the chief doctor were stated to be somewhat ex aggerated. In the case of Jane Reid and Edward Bennett Mr. Bradford expressed bis belief that, if a qualified meoical man had been in charge of the casualty room, the caseB would not have assumed the serious aspect they eventually did. As to the delay snid to be occasioned in attending on the out-pntients, the letter stated they had only to wait an hour and a half, or two hours at the ontside. The tablet oommittee bronght up a roport as to the inscription to he placed on the tablet proposed for his Excoilenoy Sir James Frederiok Palmer, but the subjeot was adjourned. By fileB of the Hobart Town Mercury to hand, we have a report of tho trial, at Hobart Town, of one Rebeoca Hayton, the wife of a oouncillor at Spring Bay. The woman was oharged with doing grievouB bodily harm to a young girl she had iu her employ, named Harriet Gore. Tho follow ing is a specimen of the evidence given by the girl : — " I sometimes broke things. I broke plates, and for that the prisoner burnt me. The prisoner took off my clothes to burn me. She held me, aud put tbe poker, whioh was red from the fire, on my bare skin. My wounds got well in the best way they could. I forgot to put water into a tub; prisoner called me into tbe kitchen, and putting the poker to the fire burnt me with it all abont my book aud body, after having taken off all my olothes. I broke a dish, for whioh the prisoner took me into the parlor, and burnt me with a red hot poker on the thighs; the Bears aro there now. The prisoner also used to beat me with a stock-whip, both with my olothes off and on —this was for being idlo. I was also beaten with apot-stiok." The prisoner, after a trial lasting for two days, was sentenced to a twelvemonth's imprisonment, and the offioers of the court were obliged to remove her from the court in a secret manner to save her from being mobbed by the crowd as- wabled outsislo the oowt. " 