TELEGRAMS FROM EUROPE. (From 'the Bunch Correspondence' in the Argus.) My Deae Ned, — I was hoping that your orthodox anxiety on the subject of the Ecnbation Bill would have kept you quiet until the end of the session, and own that I am somewhat surprised at the request contained in your letter* of yesterday. You say, «' The people here ' are much interested in communication ' witn Jjiurope, and 1 snouia oe very ' glad if you can come up and give us a ' lecture on the subject, treating it, of ' course, in your own humorous and de ' lightful manner.1' My own humorous and delightful manner! No, Edward ; I am not to be ' got at' in that fashion. Humorous and delightful on the subject of the Telegraph ! You might as well ask me to write a pastoral poem on the Educa tion Bill, or to compose an epic upon Larry Bourke. . Moreover, Ned, I really don't see why the inhabitants of Grumbler's Gaily should be so much ex cited. The news with which they are supplied! every morning seems to me to be of the most uninteresting nature, and the mere fact that we have intelli gence to-day of a commonplace event which occurred in London yesterday does not appear to call for any violent outburst of enthusiasm. I could posi tively invent more amusing telegrams than those which we get. The fact that Mr. Horatio Tomkins dined heartily on lamb and early peas, and drank three glasses of; Marsala, would be much of the same value to the universe did the repast take place in Collingwood-flat. Take this item for instance, clipped from The Argus of Saturday :— ' The Rev. George Badger accom panies Sir Bartle Prere to Zanzibar, and they start early in November.' Good luck go with them, say I ; but — who is the Rev. George Badger, and why does he do Sir Bartle Frere the honor to accompany him to Zanzibar ? I was happy while in ignorance of the existence of the Rev. George Badger, but now I feel compelled to slake that thirst for knowledge which has always been my distinguishing characteristic and inform my mind as to Badger. I go about asking people ' Do you know Badger ?' They say, ' Badger 1 what Badger ?' I reply, the Rev. Badger. The Rev. George Badger, don't you know. Accompanies Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar early in November.' But they shake their heads in a meditative way, as though they did know some thing about Badger once in their happy childhood, and leave me. I became so annoyed at last that at 3 o'clock yester day afternoon I spent the Twenty Pounds I had put aside for your organ fund in sending a'telegram to London — ' Who is Badger ? Reply paid' The answer was brought to me as I came out of Church this morning, and made me feel wicked — '' Badgtr, tlie Rev. Geo., _: ? a Clergyman, Acaimpauying .Sir Bartle 'Frere to Zanzibar.' Now, Ned, I can't be enthusiastic about such a hollow mockery as this. Another fact in relation to the Euro pean telegraph swindle is, that if you are not careful in choosing the time of day when you despatch a message 'to London, it gets there before you send it. 'When young Ramm (of the Leicester Ramms/ came of age, he telegraphed to his London bill discounter that he would pay the post- obits in full at once. He telegraphed at 9 a.m. on the morn ing of 24th October, and Mr. Ezionge ber received the news as he was taking his final hot whisky at 10 minutes past II on the night of the 23rd. Now, cal culating nine hours and ten minutes for the time of transmission, the worthy moneylender found that the telegram had been despatched from Melbourne at about 2 o'clock in the morning of the 28rd — that is to say, that bis corre spondent had eillier sent his message 7 boon before be wrote it, or that Ramm somehow or other had got born a day earlier by going to Australia. He couldn't believe the latter supposition, bo in a great rage be telegraphed back on the 24th that as Ramm had tried to deceive him he would foreclose on a mortgage which fell due on that day. Judge of his disgust when Ramm's soli citors replied that they had received his telegram, but that to-morrow would be the 24th with them, and they were quite prepared to pay the money if they were notified according to the terms of the bond. Eziongeber went to a lawyer, who tried to explain that a man in Mel bourne is nine hours, forty minutes, and eighteen seconds older than be would be if he, lived in London, but the poor fellow then went into a calculation about reclaiming moneys from life in surance companies on account of an in fant Australian policyholder who had died nine hours before he was born, and so bewildered his brains that he was taken to a mad-house. Now, hearing of this case set me thinking Ned, {apropos of spiritualism and so forth), about our old friends the Corsican Brothers and their mysterious appearance to each other. You remem ber, no doubt, how when Fabian di Franchi in the picturesque costume of bis country is about to bid good night to his aged mother, he feels a mysteri ous warning, and the flats opening to the tremulous music of the violins dis cover that admirable picture of ' The Duel in the Snow,' and twin-Louis lying dead in his blood. This will pass in Corsica and Paris, but suppose Louis bad gone to Australia. Had the duel occurred at Bendigo at 6 in the morn ing, the ghost of Louis would have ap peared to Fabian in Corsica at 20 minutes to 10 in the evening of the pre vious day, and the legend of tbe bro ther's reflection of sentiment falls per force to the ground. ' Each feels that which the other feels, and does that which the other does I' How romantic, but how unpleasant ! Why, when Fabian is breakfasting at 8 in the morn ing Louis should be meditating upon a 6 o'clock ^ea. When Louis is going to bed at midnight, Fabian ought to be rising with the lark at a 3 o'clock dawn. One or other of the poor fellows most have succumbed to such an unnatural mode of existence. But let us investigate tbe popular theory of apparitions a little further. There was a lady in Devonshire (you will find an account of the case in the Lancet) named ' Maria Wagstaffe. This worthy woman gave birth, not to twins merely, bat to a I quartet of bouncing boys — four Corsican Brothers, in fact, ' four Wagstaffes with but a single thought, four hearts that beat as one.' Well, fortune separates the Wagstaffe family. One brother goes to St* Petersburg as an engineer. Another settles in the wine trade at Lisbon. A third remains in London, and the fourth seeks his fortune in Australia. It comes to pass that Richard Wagstaffe, at 4 o'clock on a bright Bummer afternoon, falls down a shaft at Ballarat and is killed. His bleeding spirit appears simulta neously to bis three brothers, who in the customary way write to the editor of the Spiritual Magazine, and say, ' Let not ' scoffers refuse to believe in apparitions. ' I was sitting in my study at 4 o'clock ' in the afternoon, engaged on a statisti cal report, when I saw my brother ' Richard standing by the wastepaper 'basket. He was very pale, &c;, and ' he had a mark on his forehead as if 'from a blow, &c.; (See any ghost story book.) I said, ' Richard, is that you ?' ' but when I looked again the figure had ' vanished. I made a note in vaj pocket -book of the day and hour of this ap ' pearance— (they are always particular ' to do tJiat you know)— -sad by the next 'mail I received letters from Melbourne ' to say that my poor brother on that ' very day and hoar had fallen, &c.; I ' need hardly say, Mr. Editor, that from ' that instant myself and my two brothers ' became firm believers in the great traths 'of spiritualism.' Now, a story like this is, I maintain, a very good one of its kind ; and a multitude of such tales are eagerly received as facts by fools who like to imagine that they have immortal souls, which possess the power of Sir Boyle Roach's bird, fiat, presuming that the spirit of R. Wagstaffe could and did indulge in such feats of divisibility and locomotion, what would have been the facts of the case ? Why, he could have appeared to Tobias Wagstaffe, engineer of the Vasili Ostrov Railway, at about half-past 8 in the morning; to James Barnstable Wagstaffe, of Sande man and Wagstaffe, Lisbon, at half-past 5 in the morning, and the editor of the Harbinger of Light conld have had him back to tea at South Yarra seven hours thirty-eight minutes and ten seconds be fore he started ! Present this anecdote to the circle of progressive Spiritualists at Grumbler's Gully, and let them refer it to Peebles. No, Ned, I will not grumble at your Mechanics' Institute, so get some other goose to cackle about Oersted and Wheat stone to yonr neighbors. Your excite ment will soon wear out, believe me. You have been accustomed to see in a ' tele graphic message' tbe record of some extraordinary fact, and think that each., message mast of necessity be startling.^ You will get over that feeling byand by, as did the folks who read the first daily newspaper. Don't gape at tbe ' wonderful discovery of science,' &c;, but simply tell each laboring man in your district that the establishment of univer sal telegraphic communication binds him to the co-operative society of his fellows in London, New York, and Paris. Tell him that the old oppressions of the poor by the rich, of the many by tbe few, are rendered more difficult by each message that flies along the wires. Intelligence of that which other peoples did and thought was once the monopoly of the wealthy and the great, used for the fur therance of their selfish ends. The tele graph and the press have made it free to all. Oppress the workers, Monopolists, and words of friendship shall ' pass round the world between the dawn and noon!' A certain man named Home wrote once some lines which may 6erve you better than a lecture. THE TELEGBAPH (speaks). ' O well I know that Science will become The new auxiliary of armies ;— kings Leagued 'gainst the people watchfully prepare All great appliances to guard their thrones And keep the spirit of liberty in check Or crash into 'order ;' clear 'tis seen That for the peoples' service and chief good I am not sought by all ; but that as swift As fly my lightnings, king may call (o king, Asking advice or aid, or giving note Of danger. O vain care, Deep self -deception of short-sighted kings ! For though strong armies at an instant called By me, may hurry into foreign lands North, south, east, and west — man owns one kindred blood. Knowledge has been before them— friendship too. The spirit of human brotherhood has found, And will hereafter find with tenfold force, Its natural sympathy in distant hearts.1' That is whattheestablishmentof' tele graphic communication with Europe' really means, you dear addle-pated brother of mine. So sans adieu, thine, John Buncle. 