EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. THE NOMINATION. AT noon, yesterday, a mooting of electors wns Hold nt tno hustings, Hydo Pork, for tho purposo of nominating a niemhor to occupy tho coat in tho East Sydney electorate, vacant by the acceptance of oilico of Mr. Henry Purkoa. About two thousand persons were present. _ Mr. AHCIIHIAI.T) THOMPSON (tho Roturning-olllcor) began tho proceedings by reading tho naual writ. Ho said that ho lind received notification that the ro-eloction of Mr. Henry Parkes would bo opposed, and as tho meeting would be addressed by tho candidates, their proposers, and seconders, ho trusted that they would givo a fair and quiet hearing to each speakor. Ho regretted to havo to say that, at tho last nomination, ho could not congratulate a fow persons on their orderly behaviour. He did not epoak of the whole, but only of n few, who stood in front of tho hustings. He trusted that ho would not havo anything to complain of on this occasion. Ho would call upon tho pré- poser of Mr. Parkes.! . Mr. G. KINO said that Mr. Henry ParkoB, having rc oponded to tho call of his Excellency and formed an Administration in which ho had accepted n Beat as Colonial . Secretary, waa thon in accordance with tho Constitution Act before them for re-election. Ho (Mr. King) was thoro to nominate him as n fit and proper person to represent tho ïnfit Sydney electorato in tho Legislative AsBombly. (Cheers.) Tho future historian of Now South Wales would make very short work of Ibo labours of tho last Parliament. Ho could condenso oveiything into three sentences, lt waB one continued Etrugglo for placo and offlco, and nothing was done, lt was tho desire of overybody to bo made a Minister, OB though tho wholo House could consist of Ministers. Two bucceseivo Administrations had como to grief, and wero then extinct. Whilo anticipating tho fato of tho lust Administration, tho quoBtion nroso in.his mind, where could wo get a man who could eliminate, from tho existing tangled web of political combination, tho elementa that would constitute tho mombers of a stable Government. Tko conclusion ho carno to was that Mr. Henry Purkes was tho fittest man to undorluko that office- (cheon-)-that ho wos tho man for tho present juncture-for this crisis in their otTairs ; and ho had, thereforo, in proof of tho sincerity of his convictions, como forward to noniinnto him. Tho choice ho had mado of colleagues Bhowed him to bo possessed of a sound discretion, aa they represented all ranks and claeses of interests. Ho hoped that Mr. Parkes would have n Btrong majority in tho House, and that he, with his colleagues, might bo ablo to pass measures for tho benefit of tho colony ; and that, Bomo years heneo, in looking bock on thia day, ho might have reason to congratulólo himself upon tho nomination, and the electors also, who should sot their seal on this act of his. ; Bc hntl nothing further to say than that ho though Mr. Parkes WOB tho ablest man they could have. (Choors.) Mr. B. BitoDEs said that ho never dreamt of being called upon again BO soon to second tho nomination of Mr. Parkes, einco it was but threo months Binco ho had sooonded hiB nomination before. But things took place in a new country liko this in a niOBt extraordinary way. NovortholcBB, he carno forward with tho greatest posBiblo confidence that ho was doing an act that would bo a credit to him, and ts tho whole of them. In Mr. Parkes and his colleagues thoy hail men of great colonial political experience, ond who could not bo mulched in this or any other colony. It, there- fore, gave him great satisfaction to second tho nomination cf thc Hon. Henry Perkes. (Choors.) Mr. J. Buna Biiid ho had but ono eimple duty to porform, and OB a citizen of tho country ho was entitled ti bo hoard. Ho did not mean to bo put down oither, that waa another thing. (Laughter.) He did not put forward tho gentío . man ho had te nominoto, ns a nativo of tho country ; although ho might have tics equally strong that bound him there. Tho gentlemen that nominated Mr. ParkoB spoke of his honesty «s n men. Let them go up to that corner (tho speaker pointing towards St. James's, WBB here greeted with a storm of hooting). Let them look through his career. (Continued uproar.) Ho had got oman to j oin him who, if tho Civil servants got hold of him- [The speaker was again stopped by tho uproar in tho crowd.] If they would only hear him for ono moment.-(Disturb- ance,) Tho BETt'itNiNO-orncEit said the electors could not call this fair play. Thoy bad givon tho proposer and seconder of Mr. ParkcB a fair hearing. Why did they not do so in this case '! Tho speaker would not koop them long. Mr. BEGO would only give thom o fow words. If tho country at largo endorsed tho appointment of Mr. Parkes ns Premier it would bo o bad day for New South Wales. Lot them look at his political career. Whathad ho done ï Ho had tried tg.foieo class against class. Let thom look at the wholo career of the Kiama ghost. A member of Parliament had enid that Mr. Parkes would bo a splendid negotiator for loons. He had not tho smallest doubt of .that. But he would never pay them. (Hooting.) Where was his ability ? It had been used for trickery all his lifo. Ho had mado many bleed with the sorrows that ho had done to them. What did ho do last Saturday nighty but allow an old gentleman, who attended and spoke on his behalf at a publio nioeting, to lenvo tho aesombly without speaking a woid to him. Ingratitude was engraven on his heart, lt wes, however, not his inclination to abuse any man (laughter) moro thnn was enough ; but it was nooessary that these things should bo known when tho question was to bo decided whether Mr. Parkes was to rulo or not. Ho had great plcaBuro in nominating Mr. JamcB Jones. (Hooting,) Mr. J. P. FALSER snid ihat,- under ordinary circum Btances, ho never thought it deeirablo to oppose a Minister who sought re-election. But they had precedents. They bed a gentleman taking tho trouble to go to Maitland tu ? oppose tho then Attornoy-General, Mr. Darvall. The mah that look lliis trouble had been eating Mr.' Darvall's broad. (Uproar.) On commercial grounds he opposed Mr. Parkes. The present Ministry were in league with tho Government of vicioria, and they had them negotiating tho salo of ono-fourth of their trado to that colony. .. Thus, on tho broad public ground that thoy ought to col- lect their own revenue, ho opposed tho re-eloction of Mr. Parkes. ? If thoy hod not got honest men, if they . could not got honest men, to administer their affaire, they had betler hand over tho custom-houses to Victoria and let them do tho wholo of tho work. Mr. Parkes knew how ho had served him and otherB in money mattors. (Uproar!) !? He know how ho had come making statements to get . money out of thoir pockets, nnd then when they had gone t to gut it back hu had laughed at them. (Uproar.) There were many men in our prisons who had not told ns many lies-who had not tho snmo enako-iiko form to get money os the man who would bo bofore them diroctly. (Uproar:) , Mr. Parkes bud abused Mr. Alderman Macintosh-ono of tho best men in New South Wales. Next-Wednesday, of comT, thoy hoped Mr. Parkes would bo elocted.; So bo it. At any rate thero was another candidato for, those who did not believe him to be a fit and proper representative. He had much pleasure in etcondlng the nomination of Mr, JameB Jones. / ; The Don. HENHY FAWKES, who ,won greeted with cheers, said ho felt much obliged to tho mover and seconder of tho other candidato, inasmuch as they had not accused him of being an accomplice in the Parramatta Uiver murders. They had said nothing now. Everything that could be said of him had already boon said, short of some tuen crime os he had alluded to. But thero wero other men quite as competent to form an opinion of his character u they wero. Thoro were other mon possessing quito ab acute consciences as thoy bad. Thero wero other mon possessing as clear sensibilities as to what was right and proper OB they possessed. And whore one of such mon spoko in that reckless way in abuse of him, thero woroia thousand ready to speak in his honour. (Applauso.) Thero vas another retlection which forced itself upon his mind to-day-that men, inconceivably hia superior, had had to tubinit to tho tamo kind of abuse. There never yet wasiu man-even pcorgo Washington, whom posterity now re gttttlcd os tho very model of purity-there never yet was a tuan who took a bold and independent course in public life tut who called up hoeta of enemies. And ho was thankful to say that ho had his enemies, becauso it was a proof that he hud not shrunk from doing his duty. (Cheers.) ÜB wns thankful thnt in this contOBt, if contest it *as to bo, that he had such gontlomon as the mover und tecondor against him. (Laughter.) But if those persons S-jCro Dcbind tho eceneB, who wero using tho other rasdidate simply as a cat's-paw, really desired to oppoBa mm, why did not Mr. Robertson resign his seat and meet tam (Mr. Parkes) in the present contest f That gentleman MO threatened to toko that courso often. Why did he not M «now, if thero was any Buch great principle involved in nu re-election, as tho gentleman who had nominated tho otoer candidate had told tho electors there waa ï Well, Tr. Uolertson was not here, and it was well known man «i« mlv hnd beon wi'ed upon-(" No ")- and no man of ns D Í P°eitio11 offered to come forward to opposo his T i \ ^ "-election. Well, now, he would como at tn J "^P08"'011 in which ho stood before tho olectors Slrï' Toreo months ago they, the electors of East ni.T/'v 6lutIlcd Uim bv the largest number of votes re Wdtd throughout tho country. (Cheers.) What had ho «cue tinco then which waa not strictly in accordance with ÜB principles which ho announced when they pronounced 3" "L that maßniücent verdict. Was there a Ä. ,nct °f his which they could point «hil cU > utterest enemy could point to h^LT/^ then inooneietent with what he then told them finît» 1 He ,old ,bem he vmU °PPOBO tho Ministry cW ?í°?r-, -Thoy e]ccteA him to do «. Had ho not ttw« »".ii ln,cuntributing his mite towards displacing (Ck«S ? ur6?,' hlid ho Dot rendered great publio servico ? àriothi* . th08° gentlemen went out ot oilico, and .no bi ej^t'enian was entrueted with the formation of for hi, ",", :nr16tration. That gentleman had nine days epwie S'. 1A V0IC0 : " You oPPeacd him.] He did not »14 "\ nny w"y whatever. He never in private ParCw fc-e. word t0 induco a°y f"end of his (Mr. Un toi i.C'.mi,J0ÏÏDE ,hat «fieman. (Hear, hoar ) He ia, ? !° take bia course, und he left his own friends t j Utk lift ""i"*- But lhat gentleman relinquished the C«*i«rB.t!i! . opeT*T»- of the principles of tho tin tn nDder wiidl wo livcd hI* Excellency sent for «carie iÄ'i-'., in no way thrust himself upon tho lad arriv f d led mm to hia Posent high position. Ho h th« ««i "'t*18 wglr ond distinguished position t'en, A"! <?nd leS>t"m»te working of the Constitu ii» nf nw»? . y,- .""ig"1 rest assured he would do <f kin, , J0 íulül tho dulie<> that were required talc« it <<;heeri> . Wt". what d'd no do ? Ho did not n«*t to M£ *° Whlch other Persons had taken, ho did uot Aúministr»¡iL'1"1"^1'oourf0 in endeavouring to form an 'ho »ita» " ' ?ut bo nought the co-operation of some of '""tedeifm?it-° 0 0 111081 honourable, toinelof the most itt ebiainC ,S ^en in ,he country ; and he had succeeded ^coursblv tn,{f,e'r4c.°-oporaiion fairly, legitimately, and f'^toincesrf »ï0UÂmBny finK'° 01180 «Hering one of the )stfcM noriit J S Governmcnt to a second party. Boing ponilon, however unworthy he might be as tho lu-ail nf un AdiMLitirntion, it btcaroo ht^duty to oller himself to bia constituentH, BO that they, with all the facts of tho capo beforo tberu, and pertaining their duly m tho light of (ho Cons-titution, might pronounco upon him cithar their approval or disapproval. Ho for ono waa entirely m favour oí tho provision Of tho ConBiuiit.on, which required members ot the APEcmbly when accepting officei.tjgo buforo their contliluentfl. Ho was present é therefore on this occasion in accordance, with a principio which ho believed to bo enund, mid ho did not fear tho 'rct-ult, whatever it miglit bc, on AVednesday next. (Chctrs.) Ono thing ho might tell them far the encouragement of thofo gentlemen who wero opposing him. (Hear, hear.) If they could succeed m do- nating him on "Wednesday next, ho would tho next day ttndor his resignation lo his Excellency. So that if thoy wished to dieplaco him from power, all they had todo waa to bnvo a long pull, u Btrong pull, und a pull altogether. And let all who wero opposed to him unito und do their ut- most: and if (hey could succeed ut tho poll on Wodnofday, they should succeed altogether. Well, that might mean ono or two things, It might mean that ho hud unbounded trust in the electors, or it might mean that ho took an im- partial view of tho Constitution. Ho thought it moant both. Ho had implicit, trust in tho support of tho electors (cheers)-and ho felt ns certain us that ho stood there that hu should bo member for East Sydnoy, on Wednesday noxt, (Applause.) It now became WB duty to offer a few remarks, and they would bo few, upon tho principles of tho policy by which ho and his colleagues would bo guided in tho high places which thoy now occupied. And whatever thoso gentlemen who wero opposed to him in thiB contest might say, and whalover his worst opponent might say, ho ventured to predict that whenever ho retired from office, bo it soon or bo it late, no person would bo ablo to show that ho had dono a single oct in ofllco for his own aggrandise- ment. And ho again challenged, as ho had often challenged, tho wbolo community to point to a ningle act of LÍB in his public capacity where ho sought to abuse tho powers entrusted to him for his own individual boneflt. Ar-d he promised them that no member of his family should have a situation under Government. Ho promised that he would exerciso powor in no way whatover to benelit any person in ouy way connected with bim. Passing from that general course of administration which ho should feel bound to tnke, he now carno te cno or two leading questions of tho day. If ho remained in office suflicicntly long ho should certainly not shrink from dealing with tho largest of all our public questions, tho alienation of and settlement of tho peoplo upon thc landa of tho country. In dealing with that question, if it i-houid bo his good fortuno to get to it, ho should bo guided by these general principles. Ho should endeavour to scttlo thc country in every inatanco upon a freehold basie, so that tho small agricultural settlers of thc country should havo tho fee-simplo of their homesteads in their hands ; that thero Bhould bo, in other words, no deferred payments or obligations of any kind hanging over their headB. That clasB of our colonists who enter upon our wild lands, nnd by menns of labour (tho most precious of all the elements of civilization) convert tho wild territory into a productivo region, wero tho moot valuablo, and ought to bo tho most respecter!, class in tho community. Tho man who mado two cars of corn grow whero only ono pre- viously grow had always been regarded as a benefactor ; but the man who made ono car of corn grow where nothing grow beforo was in an essential degreo n benefactor to a young country liko this. In any legislation which ho might havo tho good fortune to introduce on this subject ho should endeavour to grasp the principle which had worked BO exceedingly well in Canada nnd other parts of North America-ho meant that tho freehold homestead of tho agricultural settler should not bo capablo of being seized or taken for any debt, or for any cause what- ever, for tho term of thirty years. Of oourso, tho storekeepers nnd overybody else would know tho law; It was a wiso law, and had worked in tho moBt beneficial manne* in other parts of the world-that thoso struggling men who had formed homes should bo secured against tho reverses of fortune, against all chances, against all schomes of cupidity, against their own folly and will, that they should bo Eecurcd in thoso homes for at least a generation, Beforo he passed from this question, in the general observa- tions which ho had to make, ho wished to observo that ho should bo ns scrupulous nB any man in regarding tho just rightB of that largo Bud important class of our fellow colonists, tho pastoral tenants. Ho wished to do no injury to tho pastoral tenants whatever. And ho should bo pro pared, to tho best of his ability, to securo for them every advantage for fho proper prosecution of their calling short of any attempt to invade tho privileges of tho rest of tho community. Turning now to tho question of our fiscal legislation, it was not likely, so far as ha could jndgo, that tho present Government would, during tho present session of Parliament, deal with that question. But if at any timo ho and his colleagues Bhould £>o called upon to deal with that important question, ho Bhould at all timco do tho best ho could to protect the young commerco of this country from any unnecessary impediment er re- striction. Whilst ho said that, ho ventured to stato aB his own opinion that if we aro to have anything Uko pro- tective duties in this country, it would bo far wiser, far more intelligible, far moro consistent with tho publio wel- fare, to impoEo duticB upon a few articles which needed pro- tection, and leave other articles which did not need it as freo OB possible. He stated that as his opinion. The Govern- ment with which ho was connected would at all times en- deavour to eave our young commerce, to which they attached ihe greatest possible importance, from any unnecessary om bnrrassment or restriction whatover. AB to tho quostion which had been boforo tho country and which had caused a great deal of discutBion, and which contributed mainly to tho levereal of the opinion ef the electoral bodicB in tho late general election- and tho question which, if he under- stood tho present position rightly, was tho only real ques- tion in controversy in this election-he moant tbo question of collecting tho Border duties on the River Murray-na te that question ho should not for a moment shrink from stating hia viows, and Btating expli- citly what would be tho course of tho Government of which ho woe a member. For ten years past, on all ocoasions tinco the question was mooted, he had been opposed to tho collection of the Border duties. (Cheers, and a few cehinter cheers.) As far back as 1S64 ho delivered hie views on this subject in tho Legislativo Assembly, and on nil occasions, ut intervals, einco then he had repeated thc panie opinions. Those wero his opinions now, [Avoico: What about Gavan Duffy Y] Some person asked him "What about Gavan Duffy r" Just for a moment ho would digress from the general courso of his observations and doal with that impertinent interruption. Of all tho charlatanism, of all thc unfair, disingenuous, mean, and contemptible methods that he ever saw public men resort to, the worst and tho gravest had been resorted to by men who ought to havo taken a very different stand in this country in reference to flint genileirnn, because he happened to bo Chiof Secretary of Victoria. (Cheers.) What in tho world had Gavan ? Dully to with thia question ? How in tho world could this qncEtion in any way affect that statesman ? Why thoso persons only showed their utter ignorance of tho whole ques- tion-(cheers)-when thoy treated it in this flippant, this idiotic manner, (Laughter and cheers.) Why tho eruestion of collecting the duties did not in reality concern tho peoplo of "Victoria. Their trade was so trifling, that tho collection of tho Border duties did not concern tho Victorian people nt nil. But it did concorn our own people. It waa tho people of New South Wales who were interested in this question, nnd not tho people of Victoria, in any appreciable oegree. (Cheer».) Ho could BUOW thom that at once. Nearly tho wholo of Ibo trade across, or by way of tho river Murray esme into this country, and tho personB who felt the annoyance, who felt tho meddlesomo interforonpa of tho Cuftom-houfo officers wero our own colonists, neit the colonials of Yictoriu. And ho folt persuaded thut EO far ns tho peoplo of Victoria wero con- cerned, they would prefer having tho duties collected. Now, willi regard to Mr. Gavan Duffy. What possiblo interest could that gentleman personally have in this question 'i Everybody know that Mr. Duffy, as tho Chief Minister of Victoria, met the delegates of thia colony in a fair und reuEcnablc spirit. (Cries of "No, no," and cheers.) That could not be denied. It was proved by tho documents now on the fabio of the Legislativo Assembly. What Mr. Dully really eaid was this : " You prove what you aro en- titled to,' and whatever that sum may bo, tho Government of Victoria will pay it to you." And what could possibly be fairer as tho buBis of a safe and satisfactory agreement than that r But it suited a certain CIOBB of porsons who were dtlicient in argument, who felt that their causo would not bear the test of reason, lo endeavour to create a prejudice, simply because the ofllco of Chief Sccrofnry of Victoria was filled for the moment by Mr. Gavan Duffy. Well, ho did not hesitate to say that in MB judgment Mr. Gavan Duffy was one of tho ablest, ono of tho most accomplished, one of the purest public men in Australia, (Choors, and eries of " Oh, oh.") He believed that that gentleman's character was above reproach. And he knew that Mr. Duffy blood high in tho estimation of some of tho best mon living on tho face of the earth. But what had ho (Mr. Parkes) to do with all that ? As a Minister of this country ho should not Bhrink from Mr. Gavan Duffy. (Hear, hoir.) And in treating thia important question his first duty would undoubtedly bo to secure tho rights and tho intcreste of this country of ours. But if ho could Becuro tho righte end interests of this country without inflicting hardahir. upon thirty or forty thousand of ourown pooplo, they might depend upon it that, aa it was his duty, ho should do it, And he believed that our revonuo might bo eoaurcd, thal we might obtain every shilling to which wo wero entitled by an arrangement which would relievo our Border sottlori from annoyanco and interterenco by having CuBtom-housi eificers ut their doors, and which, without compromising the members of tho Government, would bo satisfactory to overa, fair and rightminded man. So far ns he could ho should de hisutmoEt to bring about that result. But if it cculd nol bo dene without sacrificing those intercBls, depend upen ii he should never sacrifice thoBO interests. He Beared] thought ho should detain them much longer. Thero wen Eovciul questions of great importance upon which it migh be necessary for him to say a few words-amongst others the question to which lo alluded on Saturday night-hi meant tho conduct of tho Government in relation to thi persono employed in tho various departments of tho Govorn mint. On that question the course which ho, as a mombo of tho Government, would take-and ho had no doubt tba the Government, aa a whole, would tako the same courso wasihiB: ho should endeavour to give to tho persona ii tho employment of the Government, whether mechanics o: labemrerp, tho highest rates of wugos that wero given b] pnvato linne. (Cheers.) Tho Government would not givi more, nor would they give less. But thev would endeavor to hold an even scale of justico between those persons whi wero employers and tho persons who were employee bj the Government. The now Government did not cntei uronofiicojit.otimo free from perplexities and freo frons difficulties. Much confusion had resulted from thc pro. cetdmgs of past ycare-especially from tho proceedings o the latt eight or nine months. Many questions, in hil I judgment, had become seriously complicated ; false prin "»plea of legislation hat! taken root and. would havo to bt erudiu.ttd by [.rt nipt measures. Hut tim course ot tno Government tbtiugjiout allthiu complication and confusion WHS clear. '1 boy had only to pursuo tbo brond path of duly, to fear no udviiso influence, and yield to no itiiprupsr temptation; but looking strudil) to the nets of to-morrow und tho day after, una to tho timo when they must nil cuno b< for« tho electors of tho country. And whilst thoy und their utmost abilities for tho furtherance OÍ what they believed to bo right, and cherishing, ns bo felt they would havo a right to do, ii belief that tho pcoplo would bo generous to tho miro faults of judgment -whilst pursuing that course, turning neither to tho right nor to tho left, and ki oping beforo them ns their great object, tho public wel- fare- they \yould Lo safo. Evin if thoy had not the requi- site ability to mako a successful Government, they would bo snfe, and when they returned their trust to tho people, the perpio would not refuse to give them thoir approval if they went beforo them with clean hands. Ho know that, tie he stood in the presence of tho God who made him, ho had only ono singlo purpose in taking cilice, and if it should be bis good fortune to havo oilico with a highor name, and a Inrger trust reposed in him by tho unbiassed I copie of the cenntry, ho Ehould have his full award. Ho only sought, with Ibo best of his ability, and with what little experience he had, to work for tho best interests of tho country, with whom ho now left tho verdict of tho day. (Applaud.) j Nr. JAMES JUNES, who was received with applause, said that ho appcurcd beforo tho electors under groat dis- advantages. (A voice): " To wade up to your neck in blood." : Laughter.) Somo of tho electors might think it temerity on his part to appear in u contest against a man of tho un- questionable ability of Mr. Henry Parkes. (Heor, hear.) If it were a question of ability, which was undoubted a9 fur us Mr. Purkes was concerned, ho (Mr. Jones) should not have appeared that day to contest tho olootion. Mr. ParkeB's long political experienco nnd long practico BB a speaker placed that gentleman far beyond him-(hear, bear)-ne no doubt they would BOO that day. (Uproar.) But it was not a question of tho ability of Mr. Parkes, but i f his moral fitnesB to hold the position of the Premiership of this country. (Hear, hear.) That, ho (Mr. Jones) held, to bo tho question in that election. (A voice: They aro making a fool of you.") Ho was confident (bat a largo number of these gentlemen-(uproar)-who wero indulging themselves in a little by-play would record their voles for him (Mr. Jones). Ho believed they would tot call it temority on his part when it came to a quoBtion of moral fitnesB. (Dirturbnnco.) Thoro was a largo body of dissent in this community touching tho political action of Mr. Parkes during tho last three years and since his election at tho last general election. (" Come, wake up !") That dissent was entertained-(" speskup ")-by tho Protestants and Bomen Catholics of thia country alike- (cries of " no," " thut will do," uproar and hooting)-from tho slandors nnd calumniations which Mr. Parkes, in office and out of office, heaped upon (hat Bection of tho community. [A voice : " Wo wont no religion."] Hoeaid that dissent WUB entertained by the Protestants of tho country-(" That won't wash")-from the tergiversation which that gentle man had exhibited since his election. (Uproar.) He was confident, if they asked tho " still Bmall voice " within thom -for they would have heard of the union between Mr. Parken and Mr. Butler-(hooting and uproar)-which was anything but what it ehould bo-they would dissont from it. (Disturbance.) . It was a spectacle which had keon seen, ho believed-(uproar)-but which neither Protestants',, nor Roman Catholics could morally believe in anymore . tbnn we ever did in tho celebrated-(disturbance)-story of tho Kinma ghoBt-(hooting)-tho hallucination of Mr. Purkcs's brain. (Hooting.) If the Romnn Catholio body -(hooting)-forgot when they wero insulted, when (hey weic trampled upon, he, as a liberal Protestant, did not forget it, and protested against it. (Hoofing.) If they forgot that when he held tho office of Colonial Secretary ho prostituted that offico and mado it the instrument to torture the feelings of a largo section of tho community by lies and slanders, by keeping Protestantism in that country at an unhealthy stretch; if tho Roman Catholics forgot that, he, as a Protestant and Christian man, did not. (Hooting.) Mr. Parkes, for the last threo years, had preyed upon tho religious differences of the com- munity. (Uproar.) Ho had made that his rule, and by that ho should bo tried. And now, forsooth, he came with cap in hand to tho ll om an Catholics of that community. (Hooting, and uproar.) Ho (Mr. Jones) knew he had their indulgence - [A voice : " Wo want something original "]-and ho would help them to consider tho moral position of that election. Ho asked them what confidence they P" could have in tho sincerity of tho union of Mr. Parkes with Mr. Butler. (Uproar.) Was thero over a moro grim spectacle (" You ought to be ashamed of yourself"). Tho man who held office should make it his duty to conserve the rights and privileges of tho peoplo nt large, and Bhould not sacrifico them. [Mr. Jones was provented from speaking for a con- siderable timo, owing to the uproar and confusion. Order hnving been restored ho continued ] Ho confidently truBtcd in tho moral senso of tho constituency to give a proper verdict on Wednesday, and on that day to uphold the moral character of that community ; but whatever tho result might be, ho should have the consolation of having dono his duty, and of having exercised his undoubted right, according to the Constitution. (Uproar.) There were two parties who had something to say in regard to tho appointments. (" You are in the wrong shop.") His Excellency had called upon Mr. Parkes to form a Minist: y ; and he (Mr. Jones) had nothing to say against tho gentlemen who wore asBooiatod with him. Ho had the highest esteem for them personally and otherwiso. His Excellency had ono Bay in the matter, and the con- stituency had another, and he trusted they would ponder well the question which, in thia case, was moro important than usual, as touching tho moral fitness of Mr. Parkes to occupy a high position in that country. In the ambulation which had taken place between Mr. PaikeB and his colleaguea ho could seo an illustration of the principle of tho couplet, " Got wealth and place, if possible with grace ; if not, by any means got wealth and pince." The interests of tho country, in tho combination, ind been subverted to considerations of place and pay abno, fer lhere was no community of sentiment and no identity of principle in theeo two gentlemen. (Uproar.) The electors would that day go foith animated by the noble words of the immortal bard, "Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just." They had a great opportunity of signalising their moral sense of what WBB right, and in- scribing a pago in the history of tho colony (uproar) by voting against Mr. Parkes, and convoying to him a salu- tary lesson, and to all those like him who traded upon the religions differences of the community (uproar), and who acted with Uko tergiversation. This was tho time to try Mr. Parkes, who should bo brought to account now, for M hen tho year passed away it would be forgotten. Even now it was forgotten, and they wanted to forgive tho min who had insulted and degraded them to the last. (Uproar.) Now, ho might say, with regard . to his political opinions, that : I am generally in accord with Mr. Parkes. (Laughter, and n voice " Why do you oppose him, then?") That gentleman's opinions upon political questions, ho might eay he was generally in accord with. That ho thought was aufficient. (Laughter.) He bnd entertained similar views to Mr. Parkes for eome years past. He thought he hnd dono right in coming fonvard upon that occasion to tako the sense of the electors, and to enable them to exercise a Constitutional right, which would bo much better if it wero more frequently exercised. (Cries of " That's enough," and " We aro satisfied.") He begged to thank them for their patient hearing-(Oh ! oh ! and laughter)-and looked with confidence to the result on Wednesday, to provo tho justice ond propriety of tho courso ho had taken. (Uproar.) The RETVUNINO-OI I ICER called for a show of hands, which was declared to bo in favour of Mr. Parkes. (Cheers.) A poll was demanded. On tho motion of Mr. Parkes, 6econded by Mr. Jones, ti volo of tbnnkB waa passed to the Rettirning-Oflicer, ond the proceedings wero brought to n close by three cheers for the Queen. 