THE DAY OP THA^ksGIVING, Yebtieday. -whioK had bees set apart by a procla mation of tie Government as a day of thanks giving,' for ttie recovery of his Eoysl Highness tbe _Prinoe_ of Wales, was observed in Sydney - at t, general holiday, and throughout the day. but mere ?eepootaiiy in the morniag, there were every when, signs that tbe recorary of the Prince had caused a .feeling: of gladness and heartfelt Uuuricfalneea. Za thB afternoon large mutton of perMni .vest pleasure-seeking in a quiet s»rt of way; and in the -evening; the principal plaoes of amnieraeBt were opened, and received good patronage. We append * brief report of the variou religioua fervioes which took place : — OHT7EOH Ot ENGLAND. St. Andbiw'S CxiKBDlui.,— At this place of worship yesterday, the .morning service of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the preservation of the life and restoration to health of H.B.& the PrinW of Wales, was attended by a very Urge congregation, amoDgst whioh munerom Volunteers in f nil dress uniform were conspicuous. After a voluntary on tfc« organ, -nm- *intog therewith the aathem 'God bless the Prinoe bf Wales,' by Mr. Montagje Younger ; the Rev. Dean Oowper and the Bev. O. H. Bich respeotively read the first and aeccud lessons of the Liturgy. Instead of the venite eiultemu», » hymn composed of scriptural sentences appropriate to the occasion was song, whlbb waa fallowed by the ohanting of psalms xx, xxxiii, lxvi The proper lesions were Isaiah xxxviL' v. 14 to 36, and AoU xil, v. 1 to 18. The epistle was 1st Peter ii, v. 11 to 17. ThegosptI was St. John iv. v. 46 to 53 The hymBS sung wen from Merger'* Oxford edition, Hoi. 474 and 476. In place of the first osllect of morning prayer, the ' following was used :— Almighty aad moat tterdfnl Paths, to Whom 'belaag tbe Issues of lite and death, aad Who art a Strong Tower to all them that put their trust la That : mt offer onto Thee this day out praises and thankigivjor* tnTkj merciful preserva tion of the life of the Prince of Wales in his late most dan gerous illness, and ill restoration to health. We acknew ledge that this waa Thy doing. Asa we bless and magnily Thy Name for the mercies thus vouchsafed to n- and tha Empire to whtoh we belong. Continue, we beseech Thee. Thy morclMtohfmand to us, and grant tkat all the world may know that Tboa art our Saviour and Bedeemer through Jenu ObrbtiJuLord. Amen. In the Oemmnnion Service, instead of the oelleot for the Queen, the following collect was substituted: — Most gradoos God, whokai sat Thy servant Victoria onr Quern upon tba tbron« of bnr aacetton, wa most bumbly beseech Thee to protect her oa the umt from ell the dangers to whioh she nuy be exposed ; fcMe her from the gathering tagether of tbe froward, andirom the insorrectten ot wicked doera ; do Thoq weaken the hands, blast tba deiigns, and defeat the enterpriies ot aU her enemies, that no eeexet - eos tplraclea, nor open violence!, may disquiet ber reign ? but being safely kept under the shadow of Thy ving, and *up pcrtail by Toy powet, the may triumph over all opposition : se we Thy people and sheep nt Thy suture will give The* (or ?rer, aaa :WiU ilwayt be (howlng forth Thy praise from tienaratioa to fsoantton, throttfb Jeiai Coritt oar only Saviour and Bedeesner, ts- wkom with Ihee and the Holy Ghost be glory In tbe Ohnrch throughout aU agea, world wUnoitesd. Amen. The Ber, Canon AUwood (of St. JwneO then ascended the pulpit, and delivered aa eloqneot and impressive discourse from St. John iv. v. 46 to 53. And there was a carttln nobleman whose son' was tick at Capernaum. When he heard tbat Oesni »n came oat of Jaa-« into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that hfe'wciuld come down and heal his ion: tat he ni at the point of death. Then said Jesus unto him. Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe. Tho nobleman saith unto him. Sir, come down ere my child die. 'Jeans Baith unto him. Go tby way; thy taa liveth. And, the man believed the word that Jesus bad spoken unto him, and ha went his way. And at Id was now going down, hit servants met Urn, and told him, saying. Thy son liveth. Tban engnire* he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday *vthe seventh hour the fever le/thf m. So the father knew that It was at the sane hour, in the which Jeans said unto him. Thy eon liveti : and hiouelf believed, and Us whole house. After the offertory, a special prayer for unity was said, and the service closed with the benediction. ? The various churches under the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan also adopted the above ritual, both morn ing and evening. . The evening service in this edifice comprised the same ritual performed at the morning thanksgiving service, with tbe addition of choice selections of oratorio music, rendered by a large choir. The 'Hallelujah chorus' being the most noticeable feature. The Bev. Mr. Corlette, the precentor, conducted the choir, and Mr. U. Tosnger, executed the onerous duties ef organist. Hymn 511 wm snng. Tbe Bev. Dean Oowper delivered an impressive sermon on Aots xil verse 5, The building was crowded in every part. St. James's.— Ia St. James's Okurch where the Bev, Mr. Bode otficiated, the text chosen for the sermon was from 1 Tim. ii., 1, 2, 3— 'I exhort that first of all. Supplioations, Prayers, InteroeutonB and giving of Thanks be made for all mem ; for Kings and for aU that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and pease able life in aU Godliness and honesty ; for this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour.' St. Babhabab.— The Bev. Thomas Smith conducted the' thanksgiving service at this place of worship laat evening. The text he preached from was. Psalm oxxvi varse 36. He announced that half of the offertory would be devoted to J the poor of the parish, and the remainder to the Chnreh Society. Cbbist Chobch.— In Christ Church th« Bev. Canon Vidsl selected as the text for his discourse the words of Psalms lxvi, 7, 8— 'He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyeB behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselveB. Selth. O ble»B our God ye people and make the .voice of bis praise to be heard.' ; St. Josh's, DABintoHtJBST.— The Bev. T. Hayden {the incumbent) preached from Psalnu ov,.. verse L' He eloquently commented on the natural tendency of men to forget God'a .mercies, and further, althongh admitting in general His immediate providential oare iu spiritual as well as temporal scatters, yet when brought practically to the test, virtually to deny it The subject btfore us, and the services of to-day, lead us naturally to consider — first, the duty of thankf nl ness ; second, the present call for thanks ; and lastly, the way in which thanks should be shown. First. The duty of thankfulness perpetually enjoined in God's Holy Word the example of the Koyal Psalmist exemplifies the necessity of this daty. Second. Preaent call for thankfulness. The unexpected recovery of the Prince, an answer to the earnest prayen of the whole nation. Third. Way in which thanks to be shown not by lip service only, but b^ heart service, too. Therefore it is aooompauied by reformation of life. This the apostle argues in addressing the Ohureh of Rome. — A collection was made in aid of the Sydney Infirmary Chaplaincy Fund. ST. Matthias'. PABDiSGroti.— The Rev. T. Barry oonduoted divine worship, at this church hut evening. The following stanzas, composed by the preacher, were Bung by the congregation during the evening :— Jehovah, Lord of Monarobj, JPIth whom ail prayer avails, A thankful people pray Thee— God bless the Mice ol Wales. For tender help in danger. For hope of happier days. For merer to our England, Accept her people's praise. Chorai — Jehovah, Lore', &c.; By hia tad hours of debugs, By oui long lingering fears, Br sobbing pr»yera that pleaded. By Queen's and people's teal*. Henceforth the Hell of England Keep fit (or either throne, A glory to Old England's, Meet sharer of Thine awn. Chorua— Jehovah, Lord, &c; St. Luke's, Smsex-sibest.— The Bev. Mr. TJnwin conducted divine worship in this church, and took his text from PhitippianB. St. Pkteb'6, Wooiloomooioo.— The Bev; G. H. Moreton took for bis text 1 Timothy, it. v. I to 3. He remarked that he had asked himself why a day should be net apart for thanksgiving. In reply, said among the reasons may he the following :— The dangerous ill ness of the Prince had oslled forth the loyal feelings of the nation. The full of the Boyal Family would be followed by the fall of the Peerage, the Church, and the end of religious liberty, alterations in the House of Commons, and general confusion throughout the Empire, and a repetition of the dark days of French history. The Prince's restoration has saved as from a long Regency; and under onr constitution the Prims Minister is the chief ruler. When he loses the confi dence of the cation or Parliament, a change of Ministry fellows. This does not affect the safety of the throne. She Sovereign Is raised above the strife of party. How great must be the influence, both publicly and pri vately, of a wise and good ruler. If the Prince of Wales had been taken out of the world, the shook may have been such on the mind of the Qaeen as to unfit her for ber duties, if not to shorten her days, and then, during the long minority of tbe Duke of Cornwall, many evils may have arisen. Grave fears have been entertained by the loyal subjects of her Majesty that an estrangement such as existed between Georga III., in the hitter years of his life, and ' the then Prince of Wales, haa in some degree existed be tween the Queen and the present Prince of Wales. The late dangerous illneni has brought the mother to watch in the sick chamber of the son. This may lead to the most happy results in, and far beyond the Boyal Family. While it is unsafe to give credence to one half ot the rumours against the Prince's moral charac ter, yet tbere is too much cause for fear that his life };-» not been such as to accord with the character s-'t forth, iu the Holy Scriptorot of those j V.HO rule ana went tho crown wbiehfadeth no*, away. He bus been brought almoBt to tbe grave, and then raised up. otny he, like David, learn tbe goodnesa of : bding nfflicted, and may Edward VTI. have »U the i piety, love for bis country sod the Protestant religion, ' of Edward VI. These were among the reasons for thanksgiving, u they had sopgested themselves to tha preacner'i mind. ' He felt thankful that that day had Dceaaet apart, as it ma a manifest recognition of God in the illness and restoration of the Prinoe, and should lead us to feel that onr sickness and health are HI* gifts, and may the one lie endured with resignation to His will, and the other used for His glory in dobe good toothers. ..-..? St. Philip's {Olmrch Hill).— Special thankmgivhig Bervioes were held morning and evening, st St Philipt The sermon in the morning was 1 (TreacKaToT nuoer. ou« and devontaudle&oe;, by the Sav. Canon Tkoaai p'Kelly, torn a most appropriate text-part ot the. 19th verse of the 38th obapter of Isaiah, viz.: -'The living, theliving, he ahajl praise thee is I dp this nay.1 The Bev. Dr. Barry oonduoted divine service in &? evening, the choir singing the National Anthem bet Me the benediction waa pronomnced, Tbdhtt CHrraoH,— A rather nnmerou eongmgation attended the morning service at Trinity Church, where the Bev. Bdwart' Btgen briefly addrtased the worshippers, and reminded them that. they wert assembled to thank God for hit goodness, and they were, influenced in bo doing by the following reasons ;— 1\. Because a young and valuable life had been pro longed.. 2. Sebaiue the Queen, the Princess ot Wales, ana other Princes had been ap&reoV; a sorrow whfob, humanly BpeiUdng, wonld very nigh tuvri broken thdr hearts, a Because bar loyalty causes us to rejoice at the Prince's recovery. The reverend gentleman thea preached a sermon upon tbe 8th' verse of this 32nd Psalm. The subject of the duooaree was a reoognWon of the Divine wisdom whioh had been to signally dis played ia the ease of his Boyal HlgHntss, aad cloaed by a general exhortation to all present, under all eb- cumstanoei, to put their trurtin Divine Providenoo. 