"Town Gossip." BY " PHIZ." THE "gossip" that has transpired in our most delectable town and beigbbouASod"during' the past week or two has been of such a limited nature, and the cacoetlies loquendi appearing to have considerably calmed down, I had 'despaired of having anything to make up my little budget, witii. A friend of mine named Jinks (who knows everything) assures me that the reason of there being so little " talk" of late is consequent of the large amount of sand and dust we are being supplied with, and that people not being particularly desirous of undergoing the horrible operation of being choked, " keep their mouths shut!" Happy thought.of Jinks's, wasn't it? Talking about dust, I may SB well remark that your humble " Phiz " has been a martyr to the plague. On Monday week last I thought that terrible high wind was having too much of a joke with us. On venturing ont, I had to rush frantically to the nearest public, and there wash down the sand with a pint of the best g British. But again, dust in my eyes, dust in my nose, dust in my mouth—« fact, I once thought that my wbole composition was about to finally return to dust, without going through the operation of giving op the-ghost; but die wind still blew, and 1 think I've "blew" enough on the subject, I am delighted to see that prospectuses of the Sugar Company are being issued, and I doubt not but the whole of the dares will be soon taken op, and that no difficulty _ will be experienced in procuring the requisite machinery, Ac., to enable the Company to carry out their eacchariferous operations. I am sorry to hear that-tlhe concert in aid of Mrs. Penisdon was not eo successful in a pecuniary point of \new as might have been hoped. r bp h c t t t ( ^ambunt hahded. oyerjs I hear, was'£4 and me few o&dshiUings;, although.some of our •s appear 3t> think Aprc Onght-lo < bave trifle mon^ affording to tlie ' number . it Beinj;: nuyoidably ifronthat evening', I was debajpd from Attending, so cannot give an opinion; but my ever faithful Jinks assures me that the performance itself was of the most nugnificent description. He tells «nie thql ^joEn IJaflceridistinguished himsell^'and . gave * oouple of songs in e'manner that electrified the assemblage, and althoughthe " house" was not exactly " brought doyv, sevprpl. forms and aJamp*or two were, in the wild ekdifoment - to applaud the singer, •vpho " bore his flushing h#nors thick upon hftn with -apparently calm gratification. Jinks does not think that." mjisic hath charms to soothe tho skVago breast,'" as be never heard such savage demonstrations of yelling applause conferred on any piece of music yet : fvmniaruly sorry to helur tliat a fire broke out .the idhei- night in tlie barn of John Quilkey, of Numba, whereby the entire barn and about S8Q0 Jrasheis of tnaisc -were .completely destroyed. Thus the iiiifortunats toiiw's whole year joftoil has gone for nothing, and,he is left pbnnileas. . I trust somethir^ will be done for Quilkey and bis family l^the public. We are continually having subscription lists bron^itto tui in aid of various objects; but I think tnifi is a case that ought to be substantially recognised by one and all. ; I should vrijy .much like to sec the School of Arte matter taken in hand again, now that the t^ovepunent haveproiiu^ed to raise the grant to tiiese institutions from ' te'n shflllings, and gjve ajtound for every -pound raised by local subscriptions, Of course, the people here who took Buoh active steps in the matter in times gone by in subscribing &c.;, are deserving of the highest praise, ana every one must deplore haw their efforts were' crushed by the ruthless floods,- But we should never say die, and let us remember tlie little song of our school days— ^'If you don't at first succeed, try, try, try again," Nearly overy town out of Sydney can j now boast of a School of Arts, and I need only | point to Milton-^(a place of far less importance than- Shoalhaven)—where our neighbours have set un.us example in tins respect well worthy of imitation. Affairs in Parliament don't seem to be going on as smoothly as they ought. The notorious Davy, it woula appear, is not the only lion, gent who occasionally indulges in the choicest spec!. menB of Billingsgate within that noisy ohambcr. Parkes and Tom Garrett have had a pretty worm go in. During a debate tho other night the great Ministerial chief lost his temper with Garrett, and designated hiin " a liar and a scoundrel!" Tom then beoame very wrath, and barked away about three or four columns of the Herald, and finally threw np the sponge, after intimating that ne would " LICK the lot of them I" I will admit I was always of opinion that Tom had a remarkably " long tongue;" but I never imagined that that glib organ was of suoh huge dimensions as to enable him to perform the " licking" feat he so violently threatened. Whether the language used by Parkes was deserved or not, I can't judge ; but, be that as it may, I don't think there is much to thoose between the two ; and after all, perhaps it was only the " pot calling the kettle black." 