BISHOP COLENSO. The controversies of the present age on ques tions affecting the most important interests of man — his relations to his Creator, and his des tiny beyond the grave— are viewed with appre hensions or with hope, according as the minds of those who look upon them are most strongly imbued with a sense of the dangers of error, or with hopeful reliance on the power of truth. A late writer, a minister of the Church of England, has left on record these noble sentences in reference to members of other churches : I do not wish to make them think as I think. But I want that they and I should be what we pretend to be ; and then I doubt not we should find, that there is a, common ground for us all far beneath our thinkings. For 'truth' I hold not to be that which every man troweth ; but to be that which lies at the bottom of all men's trowings, that in which those trowiugs have their only meeting point. Those who regard religious faith as man's most precious inheritance, and at the same time look upon it as a fabric built up of men's ' tvowinga,' must needs dread the busy spirit of investigation and controversy that is abroad. Those who are sure that there is truth, firm as the rock of ages, beneath all men's ' trowings,' may readily believe that investigation and controversy, if only they are honestly conducted, must tend to make the everlasting truth more and move manifest. Towards a man occupying the prominent position of a Bishop of the Church of England, and taking a public stand for extreme views on some of the most exciting theological con troversies of the day, as Dr. Oolenso has done, — persons of the former class can hardly be expected to entertain any other senti ments than those of resentment and un qualified disapproval — while those of the latter class may at least observe with patience, and with some hope as well as sorrow, the working out of the problems which he has started. John William Colenso was born at St. Aus tell, Cornwall, in 1814. His father, J. W. Colenso, Esq., of Lostwithiel, Cornwall, England, was an officer of the Duchy of Corn wall. His mother was a daughter of Thomas Blackmore, Esq., of Devonport. He attended in his boyhood the Proprietary School at Devonport, and went from there to St. John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1830 as B.A., and took the position of second wrangler and Smith's prizeman. In 1839 he took the degree of 1LA. From 1838 to 1842 he was mathematical master at Harrow. A large proportion of the schools through out the British Empire are familiar with some of the results of his mathematical studies, in the deservedly popular works on arithmetic, which bear his name. ?Inl&Jti; he became Rector of Fornett St. Mary, in Norfolk ; and continued to occupy that sphere of duty until 1853, when he was made a Doctor of Divinity, and consecrated first Bishop of Natal. .This diocese was formed out of part of the diocese of, Cape town, in consequence of the progress ^»f' poj»u-. lation in the British settlement of South Africa. The Bishop of Capetown became Metropolitan of all the dioceses, of South Africa and St. Helena; and to him Bishop Colenso, on his appointment to the Diocese of Natal, took the oath of canonical obedience. _ . - . From the commencement of- his labours there, Dr. Colenso sought to bring the Zulus within the pale of the Christian Church. He ' undertook, with this great object in View, the \- work of translating the Holy Scriptures into the Zulu tongue. This missionary labour was followed by unexpected results. His attempt to place before the Zulus in their own tongue the contents of the books held sacred among Christians, was the occasionof \muj\x\q hjin to the conviction that he was called upon to sub : mit to the Christian Church those questions ' and opinions which have exposed him to sen ' tence of deposition. He has thus described the change wrought in his views during his. labours at the translation of the Bible into the Zulu language :— In this work I have been aided by intelligent natives and having also published a Zulu grammar and ,-dic tionary, I have acquired sufficient Toiowledge of 'the language to have intimate communication with the , native mind, so as not only to freely avail myself of their criticisms, but to appreciate fully their difficulties and ' objections. Thus, however, it has happened that I have ; been brought face, to face with questions which caused ! me some uneasiness in former days, but with respect to which I was then enabled to satisfy my mind sufficiently . for practical purposes ; and I had fondly hoped to have laid the ghosts of them at last for ever. One difficult question which at an. early stage of his work in translating the Bible was ? brought before ln*m by the objection of his Zulu, interpreter, was in regard to the second of these two verses — in Exodus 21 : 20, 21, — ' if a man smite his servant or his maid with a rod, and he die under his hand ; he shall be surely punished. -Notwithstanding, if he | continue a day or two, he shall not be punished ; j for he is his money.' The Zulu could not I perceive any justice in the rule that when a master beat his servant so severely* as to cause his death, yet if the servant lingered to . the third day before he expired, the I master should be exempt from all punishment ; ' and that, on the ground that ' he is his money.' Dr. Colenso had, therefore, the j alternative forced upon him, of affirming I solemnly that this was the commandment ot th* Just Lord of aeaven and earth, or of admitting that words had by some means been inserted in the Bible that could not be regarded as a part of the Word of God. Few, it may be supposed, will on consideration, maintain that piety requires us to assert the Divine inspiration of the rule as it appears in our Bible. The supposition of a mistranslation, or if that is untenable, of an interpolation by some uninspired writer, would probably appear to moat persons, if called upon ta decide such a matter, to be less irreligious than the assertion that such a rule ever expressed the just and perf ect|will of God. Dr. Colenso admitted the force_ of the objection; And resolved to re consider the whole subject of the authority of the Pentateuch. He commenced this inquiry in 1861. In the following year, he published the first part of his work — 'The Pentateuch and book of Joshua critically examined.' His general con clusion he has placed on record in these words : — The result of my enquiry is this, that I have arrived at the conviction, ae painful to myself at first as it may be to my reader, though painful now no longer under the clear shining of the light of truth,— that the Pentateuch as a whole cannot possibly have been witten by Moses, or by any one acquantied with the facts which it proposes to describe. Shortly before the publication of this work on the Pentateuch, Dr. Colenso had had issued a new translation of St. Paul's epistle to the Romans, with a commentary in which the epistle was ' explained from a mis sionary point of view ;' this book was found to contain statements decidedly different to the received doctrines of the Christian church. . Early in 1863, the Bishop of Capetown, as the Metropolitan to whom in the first instance Bishop Colenso was considered to be amenable, instituted proceedings against him, founded on the views put forward in these two books. The citation was dated 18th May, 1863, and was served upon Bishop Colenso, in London, on the 1st July. On the 17th November, in the same year, in St. George's Cathedral, Cape town, commenced the trial of Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, on 'charges of erroneous teaching.' The Right Rev. Dr. Gray, Bishop of Capetown, and Metropolitan, presided at the trial, and was assisted by his suffragans, Dr. Cotterill, Bishop of Grahamstown; and Dr. Twells, Bishop of the Orange Free State. The accusers were Dean Douglas (of Capetown), and Archdeacons BleiTirnan (of Graham's Town), and Bagnall (of George). Dr. Bleek, curator of the Gray Library, at Capetown, attended as the friend of Dr. Collenso, to protest against the pro ceedings. The grounds of the accusation were set forth in nine schedules containing extracts from the two works above- mentioned. The most important issue raised in the view at all events, of many churchineh, was as to the meaning of the word ' for ;' — whether it is equivalent to ' instead of,' or only ' on behalf of,' that is, ' for the good of.' Dr. Colenso, admitting the truth of the proposition that ' Christ died for us,' maintained that 'for' in this momentous sentence does not mean ' in stead of,' — thus denying what is termed the doctrine of ' Substitution.' In another part of the same book however, Dr. Colenso expresses an opinion which the Bishop's tribunal con demned for ascribing not less, but more than orthodoxy teaches, to the redemption of Christ. Commenting on the words of the apostle, that ' the creature (or creation) itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God, he wrote thus : I cannot shut my eyes to the truth which these words appear so clearly to imply, that there is a hope in the counsels of infinite wisdom and love, for all - for all the creature, for the whole human race that fell in Adam, and has been gloriously redeemed in Christ. In explanation of the purpose he had in view in his criticism on the Pentateuch, he expressed this hope : It may be that the time is near at hand, in the order ing of God's providence, when the way shall be opened for the wide extension of missionary work among the heathen ; when that work which now languishes, which cannot make progress among them, either among the ignorant Zulu or the learned Hindoo, shall no longer be impeded by the necessity of our laying down, at the very ontset, stories like these for their reception, which they can often match out of their own traditions, and requiring them, upon pain of eternal misery, to believe in them all unfeignedly. He hoped that bishops might have the sanc tion of the Church -in ordaining intelligent and devout Converts, who were willing and prepared to preach among their heathen countrymen the unsearchable riches of Christ, even if they were not able to give full credence to all_that is con tained in the Bible and Prayer-book. Dr. Bleek, after the reading of the charges in the nine schedules, read a letter from Bishop Colenso, dated ' London, October 5th, 1863,' in which the accused bishop admitted the pub lication of the words contained in the charges, and then said : — But I claim that the passages extracted be read in connection with the rest of the works from which they are taken. And I deny that the publication of these passages, or any of them constitutes any offence against the laws of the United Church of England and Ireland. I have instructed Dr. Bleek (1) to protest against your Lordship's jurisdiction ; (2.) To raid this letter as my defence, if your Lordship should assume to exercise jurisdiction ; (3.) If you should pronounce judgment against me, to give you notice that I shall appeal from suchjuilgmcnt. No other defence was offered. The'Dean of Capetown and the Archdeacon of Graham's town and of George occupied two days, yn&L; their speeches in support of the charges. After an adjournment of the Court, Bishops Ootterill and Twell, ae assessors, gave their opinion on the case, at great length. !£he former concluded in these words : — I cannot but conclude, m st painful as it .is to me to arrive at such a conclusion respecting one whom I would continue to esteem and love, — that by the false teaching proved against him the Bishop has wholly disqualified himself, — unless he ehall now openly retract and revoke this his false teaching, — for bearing rule in the Church of God, and for the cure of souls therein; and that he cannot consistently with the laws of our Church, unless he shall thus retract his errors, retain any longer the office of Bishop of the Diocese of NataL The other Bishop assessor took a similar view of. the question, and with expressions of deep regret declared his solemn conviction that Bishop Colenso could no longer be looked up to as a teacher of truth— rcould no longer be regarded as fit to remain in his high office as a Bishop of the Church of Christ. On the 16th December the Metropolitan delivered judgment. In the course of the observations he made in justification of the sentence he said of Dr. Colenso : — The Bishop, to do him justice, is sufficiently out spoken. He does not conceal that he no longer believes a great deal that the Church teaches out of Holy Scripture, and has embodied in her formularies. He does openly and avowedly impugn, aBsail, deprave, and endeavour to bring into disrepute the Book of Common Prayer. I On these and other grounds, the Metro- . : politan pronounced the following sentence : — i Now, therefore we, in the exercise of our jurisdiction ' aforesaid, do hereby sentence, adjudge, and decree the said Bishop of Natal to be deposed from the said office as such Bishop, and to be further prohibited from the exercise of any Divine office within any part of the metropolitan province of Capetown. Dr. Colenso, who had secured sound legal advice before sending bis reply to the citation, appealed against this sentence of deposi tion by petition of complaint to the Queen, as sovereign of the realm and head of the Church of England. His petition was pre sented to the Queen in the spring of 1864, and i referred to the judicial committee of the j Privy Council. It was argued in the following December. The counsel for the Bishop of Capetown, in support of the sentence, on these points : — (1.) That the Queen's Letters Patent conferrng on him the office of Bishop of Capetown and Metropolitan, gave him authority to exercise coercive jurisdiction over his suffragan Bishop, with no appeal but to the Archbishop of Canterbury ; (2), that the oath of canoni cal obedience to the Bishop of Capetown, taken by the Bishop of Natal, bound him as a matter of contract, to submit to the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan; (3), that if none of these reasons were valid, the Bishop of Natal had no right to come to the sovereign asking for a declaration of invalidity ; as, in that case he might treat the sentence as a nullity and if necessary appeal to the civil tribunal at Natal to protect him against the con sequences of tlr.it sentence. Judgment was given on the 20th March, 1865, when the judges agreed in the following conclusion: — 1. That the Letters Patent ap pointing a bishop in a colony which had an in dependent Legislature had not the force of law. 2. That no coercive authority was con ferred by such Letters Patent. 3. That the oath of canonicial obedience taken by Dr. Colenso did not confer upon the Metropolitan jurisdiction over him. 4. That this was a question which the Queen had a right to decide. The conclusion of the matter was recorded in these words : — ' Their lordships, therefore, will humbly report to her Majesty their judgment and opinion that the proceedings taken by the Bishop of Cape town, and the judgment or sentence pronounced by him against the Bishop of Natal, are null and void in law,' Thus ended the attempt of the Metropolitan of the church in South Africa to exercise discipline upon his offending Suffragan. The Archbishop of Canterbury was urged to take action in the matter. But in consequence, as it seems, cither of some doubt as to the justice and propriety of the course taken by the Bishop of Capetown, or of an apprehension that the laws of the realm would not bear liim out in endeavouring to render Bishop Colenso amenable to ecclesiastical jurisdiction, he has declined to interfere. And Bishop Colenso still continues in full possession of the dignity and power of the episcopate. The failure of this attempt to enforce dis cipline upon the Bishop of Natal aroused strong feelings of disappointment and. indig nation among churchmen. As an illustration of the sentiments entertained towards him by many of the clergy and lay members of his church, we subjoin some 6tanzas, by a Rector, who thought that 'just sarcasms,' such as Elijah used when ne mocked the Priests of Baal, would be the most effective way of deal ing with ' Bishop Colenso's plausible absur dities.' (Tune— ' Robinson Crusoe.') An arithmetic teacher, of Gospel no preacher, Workedon with his ruler and pen so. That bound in red tape, he was sent to the Cape, As Bishop John William Colenso. But his fondness for figures was fatal To teaching the people of Natal ; For early and late making sums on a slato, Couldn't make any Christians in Natal. Ciionus : Oh, for poor Bishop Cnleiiso, Disinterested Bishop Colenso ! His sec he still keeps, and its benefits reaps ; Bo unearthly is Bishop Colenso. Bo he scanned the live book. With a pedant's smart looks. Full sure ho had found a ninre's nest, Bit ; For lie found that a priest could not carrv a beast By himself, though lie did his big best, Sir. But he uses his critical knife ill Quito misunderstanding the ?? hiphil '* Which means ' to cause others ' to do what him bDtlicra, For Buch is the use of the ' hi phil,' Chorus : Oh for poor Bishop Colenso, &c.; But sure 'twos a pity a critic so witty Wasn't present U- number the dishes OF the multitude fed on a few loaves of bread And a few insignificant fishes. For he'd calculate all to a T, Sir, And tell you the thing could not be, Sir, That omnipotent Power could not make in an hour What takes a whole season to be. Sir. But as that same Lord, who did this by His word. Bears witness to Moses as true. Sir ; Though the Bishop is loth to dishonour them both. If consistent, 'tis what he must do, Sir. Bo let him prove honest and true, Sir, No longer deceive me or you. Sir ; But come forth in Paino's guise, Bay the Diblc's all lies 1 Not alone the old books, but the new, Sir ! CuobuE: But alas for poor Bishop Colenso 1 Should he prove thus tar honest with men so, His See he can't keep, nor its benefits reap. But must sink down to simple Colenso. So as this would not do,— with Fusey and crew, They'll tell you our Church does not bind them ; Though her words are so plain, to escape them seems vain. Bush wisdom as theirs need not inind them. Oh what a skilful devise. Sir ! What critical wisdom, so nice, Sir ! With Paine, and with Rome, her great, truths to disown. Of her income to get a good slice. Sir. Oh for poor Bishop Colcnso, &c.; Besides the publications bearing on the great controversy in which he has been engaged, Bishop Colenso has written several works relat ing to 'practical questions connected with mis sions to the heathen. And from the ability he has shown in this part of his work, it is the more regretted, by those of his fellow- church men who regard him with mingled feelings of disapproval and sympathy, that he has deemed it his duty to turn away his attention from the work of evangelizing the Zulu Kafirs of Natal, and strive to alter the current of religious thought in Christendom. * ' Hiphil ' is the causative form of the Hebrew verb, meaning, us stated in the next line of the stanza, ' to cause others ' to do the act. 