THE FRASER ISLAND ABORIGINAL MISSIONS (Abridged from tlie Conriei ?). j A private letter from the Rev. E. Fuller the devoted missionary at Fraser's Island to a friend in Ipswich, has been placed at our dis-. jjosal ; and although evidently 'not written fori publication, the letter gives such an interesting 'account of the work of the mission, and the1 -single minded ne?s and truly Christian zeal of -the missionary, -that, we gladly give it-t*i«er- ; tion : ' ? | Aboriginal Mission. Fraser's Island, August 15, 1872. Dear Wr. L ,— I received your letter of July 11 all correct, and I now seud you the informa tion you require. Leaving Brisbane in a schooner, I made my way to - ary borough, and after staying there about ten days I was, through the kindness of Mr. Sheridan, conveyed in the pilot boat to Frazil's Island, and lauded on the island on the 28tii October, 1870. For about a fortuight I was hunting about the island for a spot of ground suitable for agricultural purposes ; but, alas ! wherever I went the soil bore unmistakeable testimony to the ' proper' name of the island, viz., ' Great Sandy Island,' for it was sand, sand, sand, from one eud of the island to the other. At last I pitched my tent down in a valley or swamp, where the srtnd seemed a little darker than the generality of the 6oi), and commenced falsing the trees, cleariug the ground, and turning up the soil ready to receive seeds, which iu due course were placed in the ground, and in a very short time plants sprung up and showed upon the surface. But, alas ! having got a certain height above the ground they then seemed to stop growing, as if the bare sight of Frazer's Island frightened them. Afterwards I collected what manure I could, and made raised beds for the seeds, then I dug a drain about two feet deep about three parts round the ground : but all seemed labor in vain, for the soil would not bring things on to ma turity I then sunk a small shaft to asoertain the nature of the underground soils, when I found that instead of a clay subsoil the upper layer of dark sand was supported by a white sand underneath, and consequently what little nourishing properties might have been in the upper layer washed down -through, and were lost in the beds of sand, beneath. Nearly everything that I placed in the ground came up, and I have carrots now that have been in the bed for about a year and ten months ; they are not rotten nor tough, but crisp and fresh as if only about six weeks old. They are now about the size of my linger, and continue to grow although very, very slowly ; just one or two here and there have grown to a tolerable good size. The other things that have*, been planted, such as parsnips, onions, parsley, bananas, cocoa-nut, &c.;, &c.;, all seem to share the same fate, except pumpkins, and of them we got a tolerable good supply. After I had been at work on my piece of ground in the valley about two or three days, a few of the natives came and camped beside me, so I put a tomahawk in their hands and set them to work cutting down the small trees and I also commenced school among them morning and evening. Of course there was great laughing and chattering among them when I first began to teach them their A B C, and it was no easy matter to keep them around me whilst I went a few times through the al phabet. To the natives that were at work with me I gave a little flour and sugar daily, and when my own money and provisions were very nearly exhausted the Lord put it into the hearts of some good people in Maryborough to help me. Some good people in Brisbane fol lowed the good example of the Maryborough friends, and formed themselves into a society in order to strengthen my hands and help me in my up-hill work of endeavoiing to establish a missionamong the long neglected and much despised aborigines of our colony. And about the month of April, 1871, 1 received intimation from the Rev. Mr. Hooker, the secretary, that I was appointed agent or missionary by the Queensland Aboriginal Missionary Society. As it was Impossible to establish an agricul tural missionary settlement without suitable soil for agricultural purposes, I wrote off to the friends of the mission to apprise them of of the unfitness of Fraser's Island for an agri cultural mission, and asking them to assist me in seeking a more suitable locality. For the last sixteen months we have been expecting to remove from here. I have explored the neigh borhood round about in search of a suitable J spot, as we wanted to keep in the vicinity of Fraser's Island if possible, so that the natives who have been under our instruction here might accompany us to our new home but though I explored the country — and the friends also assisted me with their advice and by v getting what information, tbey could — yet no . suitable site could be found any nearer than | Noosa (distant from here about 80 miles), to which place the society have now resolved to remove the mission with as little delay as j possible. Of course, in selecting a site for a missionary settlement among the heathen, many things have to be taken into considera tion, for not only must we have good soil and water, and get into a locality where the blacks generally are, but also get where the white people generally are not. We have been greatly annoyed by the pernicious influence of white men even in this out-of-the-way place. Fishermen have camped close beside our mission, and have decoyed our young girls away from school;- and -taken them -away in their boats for unlawful purposes ; and this at a time when they (the girls) were just begin ing to read in- the Word of God, and the matter had to be brought before the Govern ment in order to get a stop put to such dis graceful conduct by so-called 4i Christians ' in the neighborhood- of the mission. A white man has chased a young girl right to the very door of my tent ; he said he had bought the girl from her father at Maryborough for a blanket and some tobacco, and he wanted her to accompany him to his place in Tin Can Bay (distant about thirty-five -miles), where be is employed cutting timber ; but, happening to put into my place with his boat on his way thither, the girl made her escape, and ran to me for protection, and rushing into my tent commenced creeping under my bi-d, asking me to shield her from the white man, and not let him take her- away. Though he (the. white man ) came to the very threshold of my canvas j house! iu his unlawful practices, yet he would I not dare to pass over that threshold and seize the girl, and, as I would not give her up, he had to go avvay without her. Of c -urse I was auything but a gentleman and a Christian for j thus intercepting him in his ungodly purpose, i and he went away in -his boat, but returned 1 again the next day, and actually took 'another young girl ' (one of our scholars) away with him in his boat, and I was not aware of it until after he was gone. People talk about ' the danger and risk of living amongst the blacks. I have been, living, and laboring amongst them for -nearly two years, on an island that is considered the resort of the thieves, murderers, and the vilest among them, and give me leave to say that it is the 'whites,' their penicious influence, and their revengeful hatred that we are afraid of more than the blacks. As a rule the natives here all go naked, men, women, and children, and having to instruct adults of both sexes in the rudi ments of education, I found it was not good '?for man to be alone.' So on the 13th June, 1871, the Rev. Joseph Buckle, from Brisbane, accompanied Miss Winstone to Fraser's Island, and we changed her name to Fuller, and ever since we have been laboring on together at our Lord's command, and offering all our work to Him. It is now fourteen months since we were married, and during the whole of this time we have been expecting to receive orders to re move to some other locality, consequently we have refrained from putting up any- buildings, k c., wherein to live, with the exception of a small bark hut that we put up wherein to pack visitors when they came. We ourselves have been living in a tent ever since, which has to answer as our bedroom, dining-room, kitchen, church, surgery, sitting-room and school-room. We have family prayer before breakfast, when the bell is rung, and the natives who choose to do so come in and worship with us at the family altar. Iu the evening, immediately after tea, we have family prayer again, when the natives join us. We have a harmonium, and as the natives arc fond of music, this at tracts them iu to the services and family wor ship. We have school in the morning after breakfast, and again in the afternoon about half-past 3 o'clock. Ou Sundays we have an early morning prayer meeting, then family prayer, then breakfast, then school, then divine service, then, .dinner, then school . again, .then i sb'rvice'in theevening. 1 ' ? . \- Kornetimes a Mr. Pierson and bis party, who are cutting limber, not very far from here, come and worship with us on the Sabbath-day. We -have had as many ae : thii ty-fou'r blacks — men, .. (women; 'and children— packed in Our teut at a ?Suuday service, and in the hot weather I can as-ureyou they 'smull rather strong ' . But on the whole, those that h^vc been with us any time are as orderly at the ficrvices as white people, and many of them will give a hearty Amen at the close of a prayer, although they have never been instructed to do so by me. They soon pick up the tunes, and siug very heartily. There are now between two and three dozen who can read the Word of God with more or less ability, as many more have the alphabet off by heart, some perfectiy, some partly. One of them has as many as thirty verses (select portions) of Scripture, hymns, &c.;, committed to memory; another has twenty verses stored- up in his mind, another twelve, another six, &c-;, &c.; As soon as we commence to teach them their letters we begin also to teach them to commit to memory 'God so loved the world,' &c.; Two of the young men occasionally engage iu public prayer. All of them are taught little prayers, such as 'God be merciful to me a sinner,' ' Lord Jesus, save my soul,' «' O God, for Jesus Christ's sake, give me thy Holy Spirit,' ' Lord help me, &c.;, &c.; These they are instructed to make use of when they lie down in their huts at night., aud when they rise up in the morning, as well as when they walk about. * 'We have a large tinted picture of our Saviour on the Cross ; this we show to all comers, and thus preach Jesus crucified to the wildest and worst, even though they cannot understand a word of English. Nearly all of them seem very much taken up with the picture when they first beho'd it. We don't go thoroughly into the aboriginal language, but just make it a sort of stepping- stone to English, in which language we instruct and tcach them. The society has just managed to keep our heads abo^e water, in keeping us supplied with necessaries for our frail bodies ; they have been able to do this without going heavily iuto debt, but up to the preseut time rieither myself nor my dear partner have received anything in the shape of salary, nor do we even now ask for any. The wages is in the work. ..- ? The following are some of their prejudices and superstitious notions : — The mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in-law at any time; they believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, wbeu they all come toge ther to sing at school time, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their sons in-law there, and you will see them ' baeking' into their place in a most laughable manner The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll him self up in his blanket, or otherwise hide him- ? self from the mother's gaze. The young men will not sit down on the same stool or box, or in fact anywhere, where a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young men would sicken and die if they did. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentlemen. The shadow of the young women must not pass over the sleeping place of the young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go dows quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night iu the channel near the mission, .and enable them to get on board and obtain tobacco, biscuits, &c;, which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to bis own tribe, and the children. are supposed to belong to the ' mother's tribe.' As a rule, the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give any definite reaspn why they will not eat it It seems a custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can mer.elv sav it is so, or such is the case, &c.; They are firm 'believers in ghosts, and tbey as sure me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain timeB. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is a devil (melloug), but they have no idea of a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say : — That pirthis island, which is about 85 miles long by 12 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost' obi iterated. And like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man, or the greatest bully, 'takes upon himself' to be No. 1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the - white man,_yct now, since tobacco has been in troduced among them, they are great smokers —men, women, and 'children. ' A little boy or girl, about two or three y^ars old, may be seen with a' pipe in its mbuth ' smokin'g'tobacco ; yea, they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast out of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manaae to get it at the townships, and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they are awake. And again, the Euro peans not only supply them with packs of caids, but also take the trouble to teach them how to play, so that we not only have to preach Jesus to them, but also to preach against card playing, for they get so engrossed in playing them that they will not leave them to come to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of. the lapd --which they look upon as individually theirs ; on the death of the father it desends to the sons. They are cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent ? among them now as it was before the' white . mencame. When a person dies they skin him (old men and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body and carry the ashes about. Tbey believe that the spirts of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift their camp when one dies among tjiem. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, See., from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off, they also say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. Now, my brother, behold what a long letter I have written you, in just mentioniug a few of the circumstances connected with out selves, our mission, and the people among whom we live and labor. Perhaps I may send you another epistle after we get settled at our future abode — Noosa. Meanwhile, commend ing ourselves and our work to your earnest prayers, believe me to remain your brother in Jesus. 