OUR HOME LETTER. |Fromour Special Correspondent.] LONDON, March. BREAKDOWN OF THE TICHBORNE TRIAL. It was the afternoon of the hundred and second-day of the trial. The Attorney-General was examining his seventeenth witness for the defence. Itwas Abbe Salis, Roger's confessor, and-one of his greatest friends when he was a boy is Paris. The sixteenth witness had also been a Frenchman—Jules Berrant, the gentleman as to whose name the claimant had made such an unfortunate •orthographical guess. Misled by the French pronounciation, he had supposed^ was Berron, and committed'himself to thatspelling in eome-of his affidavits. Jules Berrant had been Moore's succemor as Roger's servant in South America. He had seen him on board the Bella, and flatly contradicted the claimant's account of the going on board. He denied that Roger ever possessed claimant's accomplishment of throwing the lasso, or that he had forgotten his French while he was in South America. On the contrary, he talked it perfectly when M. Berrant last saw him. Madame Chatillon, the wife of Roger'6 tutor in Paris, gave important evidence as to the tatooing. She remembered having seen the marks on Roger's wrist, and asked the meaning of them. She distinctly saw the initials R. C. T. One of the emblems was a heart, and she thought another was a cross. Abbe Salis deposed that in 1890-or 1851 he had seen tattoo marks on Rogers arm, which he once uncovered bv accident. He .remembered the circumstance distinctly, because he had disapproved of it at the time. He had not examined the marks, and could not say what they were. He had done all in his power to dissuade the dowager from acknowledging claimant, but had never mentioned the tattoo marks till he oame over to England in April last. INTERVENTION OF THE JTJBV. When Abbe Salis descended from the witnessbox the Foreman of the Jury rose. He had been making a good many suggestions lately to the Court, and no particular notice was taken of his beinp on >his feet now. He had to wait a second or two untfl he oould address the Judge. " We have now," he said, "heard the evidence as to the tattoo marks, and, subject to your Lordship's direction and the hearing of any further, evi- dence that the learned counsel may desire to lay before us, the Jury do not require any further evidence." All the coolness possessed by the rest of the English Bar would not outweigh Sergeant Ballantine's personal endowment in that line, but this was too Budden a stroke for him. He did not rise for a few seconds, and he was still struggling with his emotion when he said that a little time should be allowed him before making his definite reply. That implied an adjournment, which of course was immediately granted—only tor a couple of days though. The Judge intimated that before the trial closed he should like to have another look at his ingenious friend, Mr. Baigent. There was something more in one of his letters about Arthur Doolan which Mr. Baigent might desire for his own sake to have an opportunity of explaining. The adjournment was from Monday afternoon to Wednesday morning. The Sessions House was literally blocked, and the street inlront was impassable. When the Jury were dismissed to reconsider their statement about stopping the case they had to clamber up on to the Bench and post through the Judge's room into their own. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine announced that his client and those who instructed him had placed themselves entirely in his hands. He therefore wished first to have a distinct under* standing of the Jury's statement—did it apply to the tattoo-marks or to the general evidence ? He Had not anticipated that the tattoo-marks •were to be made a crucial point in the case, and there were many of the Attorney-General's affirmations regardine them which might be rebutted. The Attorney. General deprecated the implied charge of having taken the plaintiff at unawares about the tattooing. The plaintiff himself had in his cross-examination been distinctly asked -about the marks, and had answered thae he '* were" not tattooed. The Jury retired to propose a more exact declaration of their wishes as .to the evidence, and meanwhile Mr. Baigent was placed -before the Lord Chief Justice. He was referred to one of his letters (March 29, 1869), in which he said enignimatically that "Arthur Doolan was- enough to take one's breath away." He explained in a shambling way that Rouse had previously told him that the man whom Cator supposed to be Orton was really an Irishman named Doolan. He intended to express his surprise at the discovery—nothing 1 more. COMMITTAL OF THE CLAIMANT FOE FERJURY. The Jury having scrambled back into their seats, the Foreman rose and announced that their first statement was based upon the entire evidence, as well as on that relating td the tatooing. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine expressed his great thankfulness to be done with the case. The Attorney-General appealed to His Lordship about the custody of Mr. Holmes's papers, which _ were in Court, but had not been put in evidence, and were therefore not under his jurisdiction. The Judge could do nothing then, but he had no doubt that Mr. Holmes would be anxious to further the ends of justice. Next day Mr. Holmes took the hint, and placed the whole of the papers at the disposal of the Crown for the new trial at the Old Bailey, with his own services to boot. He will consequently be a leading witness. When the claimant's counsel intimated that he would submit to a nonsuit, the Judge asked if the plaintiff was in Court. He had not been near it all the morning, nor indeed for a good many days before. The Crier summoned him three times by the name of "Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, Bart" His Lordship then stated that he entirely concurred in the opinion expressed by the Jury, which was substantially a verdict for the defendant. It appeared to _ him that the plaintiff had been guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in his examination, and that there was reasonable cause for directing him to be prosecuted. He would therefore commit him to the charge of the Sheriff of Middlesex, to be detained in the common gaol until the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court. The bail would "be £5,000 on his own recognizances, and two sureties for £2,500 each, or four for £1,250 each. The warrant, which had been made out against Thomas Castro, falsely calling himself Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, was entrusted for ediction to Inspector Denning. HIS RIDE TO NEWGATE. While Inspector Denning was on his way up to Scotland Yard to consult with Superintendent Williamson about where to look for the claimant, that portly gentleman was leisurely driving up in his brougham from his house at Brompton to his receiving-moms in the Waterloo Hotel, Jermyn-etreei. Y«u may remember that while the manufacture of affidavits was going on for the Court of Chancery he transacted most of bis business in his own drawing-room. Whether " Mary's" incompatibility of temper interfered with that arrangement, or larger ideas of gentility entered into the claimant's head, his "receptions" have latterly been of a more public kind. While the case was pending in Chancery he engaged rooms si the Inns of Court Hotel, for the, accommodation of his citv friends and his solicitors. . On th$ migration to Westminster he' established his head- quarters at the Waterloo Hotel—a quiet house much frequented by the better classes of sporting men. He occupied the beet suite of rooms, and held his " consultations" in a luxuriously furnished salon. City men who oould spare a *•' thou" or it might be three or four, provincial magnates like Bulpitt, the banker, who placed five hundred to his credit before ever seeing him, and at least three titled men, were among his regular visitors. Some of them were with him while the warrant was on its way to Jermyn-street. On the Monday afternoon when the case, was stopped there had been a council of war called to consider the raising of . additional funds. It was interrupted by a message to the claimant requiring his immediate presence at the Sessions House for a consultation with "his legal advisers. The notice that the_ Jury had intervened spread consternation everywhere" bat in the capacious bosom of the claimant - himself, whom an ingenious interviewer has likened to an "affable seal with nothing particular on its mind.'' One of the last of his friends to leave him when the clutches of the law had opened upon him was.Lord Rivers, an eccentric . Peer, who took up his case as a question of the Roman Catholic faith. It was reported on the night of the arrest that he had tendered himself for one of the £2,500 sureties, and next morning the Marquis of Bute had the other • £2,508 fathered upon him. When Inspector Denning, with his friend "the Superintendent from .Scotland Yard and ( tipstaff from the Court of Common Pleas, reached the Waterl&o; ; Hotel, they learned that the man they wanted was in his room. A scrupulously - respectable landlady hoped that nothing would happen between them and "Sir Roger" to affect the stainless reputation of the Waterloo. She was assured that the law would behave like a gentleman towards all parties, and thereupon the officers were ushered into the severe presence of Sir Roger. Severe it certainly was Tintil Inspector Denning had read the warrant to him. He then required an effort to rise to the situation, and after some delay he observed that the unfortunate event would cause him some temporary inconvenience. Coming straight to business, he asked which •officer was in charge, and Inspector Denning having introduced himself as the appointed cicerone for the journey to Newgate, his client solicited two favours from him. One was that he might be allowed to travel in his own brougham, which waited for hi™ at the door; and the other was that he should be excused a few minutes while he finished his toilet. Inspector Denning must have known how universally persuaded the public were that claimant carried poison, or lancets, or pocket pistols about with him for use in an emergency like this. He may have accompanied claimant into the bedroom, or he may have • observed other precautions; but there was no happy dispatch performed. In a few minutes the pleasant party was ready to start, and, Sir Roger's hotel friends were assembled in t!b&-hall to wish him a pitying good-by. He blandly waived to them a paternal adieu, and walked into his brougham, now possibly to be used for the last time. Superintendent Williamson and the tipstaff took seats beside him, and the Inspector mounted tie box. A few grooms and footmen from the domestic interiors of Jermyn-street made up the ghost of a crowd, and started the alarm. It quietly sped along Waterloo-place, into Pal] Mall, and along the Strand in advance of the brougham. But the coachman drove sharply and the windows were well olosed, so that very little visible sensation was got up until the approach to Newgate. In the narrow-street which connects the prison with St Paul's and Holborn there was an East-End mob, which had anticipated Sir Roger's arrival by some heurs. It had waited for him since the newsboys had spread the intelligence of his committal for penury. It saw him descend calmly from the brougham and mount the half-dozen steps which lead to the anteroom of the Old Bailey, where turnkeys beguile their leisure by looking across a low iron gate. There was some hooting as he walked up, and a few stray cheers answered to it. These he acknowledged by lifting his hat and smiling benignly on the friends who believed in him to the death. Hts PRISON LIFE. To the turnkey in charge he gave the name of Sir Roger Charles Tichborne, and had the satisfaction of being entered as such on the chargesheet. When asked for his money and loose valuables he surrendered a handsome gold watch with a heavy chain attached to it, and a large gold snuffbox—both articles being en graved with the Tichborne arms. His purse contained gold and silver to the amount of £74 8s. 6d„ upon which'Tief has since been drawing liberally for extra alimentation.' The first sight of his cell floundered him a little. Letting himself down on his wooden stool, he ruefully surveyed the slate shelves on which he was to keep his wardrobe, the tiny washhand basin in which he was to dip his benign countenance, and, worst of all, the hammock in which he was to swing his six-andtwenty stone of flesh. This last indignity was spared him for prudential reasons, and in place-of the hammock a wooden bed was introduced, on which the prisoner has slumbered soundly. He woke next morning, between 5 and 6 o'clock, and during the day he gave cheerful audience to his visitors. Some of these were official—namely, Sheriff 'Bennet and the Visiting Justices Alderman Sydney and Alderman Cotton. To them he expressed himself satisfied with everything but the fact of the warrant styling Bm~Thomas Castro. He was confident that bail would very soon arrive, but it did not come either that day or for_. many days after. Several appearances which Mr. Montague Williams has made on his behalf before the Queen's Bench have ended fruitlessly. The names of. the bailsmen were stated to the Court, but when the time came for signing there was a misunderstanding among them. His chances of being seen abroad again before he appeared in deck were not worth speculating upon. He lost no time in taking steps for his defence at the Old Bailey. A solicitor who had not been connected with the Tichborne v. Lushington suit waited upon him the second day of his imprisonment. Private visitors were not numerous—at least not of the kind he would see. He might have had scores of curious people to help h'"m to beguile his time had he admitted half of the Paul Pry's who had at once rushed off to Sheriff Bennet and the Visiting Justices to obtain orders; but he resolutely set his' face against forming any new acquaintances. Least of all did he want to be interviewed by any quizzing reporter. _ In a _ weak moment he had consented to the invitation of two journalists—George Augustus Salawas one of them—to his first levee in Jermyn-street. It was on the fatal afternoon when the case was stopped by the Juiy, and the reception ended lugubriously. In its comments on his claim the Press has not sincetheii done much to alleviate the monotony of his life in Newgate. The conspiracy has been made hot and strong for a good many more than the claimant. The suit has cost in Juryfees alone £1,189—namely, 103 guineas to each of the Jurors, it having been finally terminated on the 103rd day. 