THE MELBOURNE CUP. BY ORANGE BLOSSOM. No handicap that has ever emanated from the haudicapper of tfre V.RC. has met with more universal condemnation than that which was published on the 19th inst. A handicap to please everybody would be a rara aais indeed ; and it would he the height of folly to expect that any man could so adjust the weights as to meet with general satisactioa; bat that Mr. Barnard would put them together somewhat better than he has done was everywhere anticipated. The publication of his handiwork was received with great dis appointment ; the majority of racing men who had seen Hamlet perform at Randwick being of opinion that to produce anything like a successful handicap, the great colt should head the list at about 9tt '2lb. with Warrior and Ximblefoot next at 9st. and 8sf. 12lb. respec tively. That Hamlet should have been at the rop there cannot be a doubt if his best public form goes for anything: for I can hardly bring myself to the belief that a clinker of the Hamlet stamp should only concede 31 b. to Warrior, for such is the actual fact when look ing at the handicap from a weight for age point of view. Handicapped at 8st, 10lb. in both the Melbourne and Sydney Caps, Warrior could get no nearer than a bad fifth in the latter; and with these performances in his miud's eye, his owner cannot be blamed for the coarse he has pursued in scratching him at an early period. It is trae that War rior beat Hamlet upon two occasions last year in weight for-age-races—first, in the Rind wick Plate, and secondly, in the V.R.C. Town Plate; bat upon the first occasion, he stole a march, and won by a fluke ; and at Flemington, the Maribyrnong colt was not pounds, but stones, below his trae form. It was not until the Raudwick Autumn Meeting that the latter displayed that bril liant form which rendered him so famous; aud here, in the Queen's Plate, he so easily disposed of bis field, aud had so much in hand at the finish, that assuming the colt to make the usual improvement, I believe it would be 5 to 1 on him if he were to meet Warrior, in November, at even weights over two miles of ground. However, with the exception, of Smuggler, we have never yet seen a descendant of Fisherman's of any great merit train on to fonr years old, though the immediate friends of the Hamlet stable do not appear to have any misgivings upon this score, so far as their pet is concerned. Nimblefoot's greatest achievements were nnder weights more than a stone below the 9st 61b. that the adjuster of the Cap weights has apportioned him ; but; remembering the long line of lack that fell to his share a couple of seasons back, Mr. Barnard has safely handicapped him out of the forth coming Cap, and be may be reckoned as a certain non-acceptor. Exception has been taken to the 9st> placed opposite to the name of Javelin; yet, when one remembers how he straggled home in the Lsger—how before that in the early spring he won the Derby, and beat Tim Whiffler at weight-for age, as well as disposing of The Prophet without an effort in the Maiden Plate—Mr. Bunird would not be justified in giving him less than weight for age with Warrior. The Prophet meets Hamlet upon exactly the same terms as iu. the Sydney Gold Cap, when the former gained a clever victory by a length and a quarter. The chesnut's condition was superb, while the bay, it was well known, was barely cherry .ripe, a circumstance chat evidently did not escape Mr. Barnard's at> tention,otb erwise he would not no w ha ve placed them upon the same terms. In handicapping this pair, however, the superior freight carry ing ability of the Victorian colt might have been taken into consideration and a conple of pounds less given to the little colt Looking at those above him, I think Little Dick hat met with considerable favour at Mr. Barnard's hands, for, when in the humour, Dick is cue of the most, brilliant horses upon the Aus tralian turf. I cannot forget the form he exhibited asafooryear eld,when, inTasmania, at an advantage of Sib. in the weights, be so cleverly disposedof Nimbkfoot, who jnst then was at tbe zenith of bis glory and sweeping the hoard iff all lire good things inthe shape of handicaps. At Geelong the son of Panic turned the tables nponbim; but it: was not one of Dick's days out; for being naturally of a delicate constitution, iti* extremely difficult to c&tchhim; inthe humour ;but that this was not a correct line was subsequently proved when he met Romaic, whofiauhed lengths Id front of him at Geelong, andbe beat her ih the Grand Stand Stakes in it canter. His wonderful tan intbeSydneyCap when bb found his stable companion, Blaithwaitc. beaten, was proof positive thatueoanstarthe distance; andthestyie inwhicb he smuggled home wBhlrish King andSaladia last rear, when Mr. Bo we eoinexpUcably ©laoedtrish King third, was additional evidence of hu ability to May aft* course? for at thit time ' a tttonas tt»y cdrerionofhis merits, itsmwfc-Ulha hsd had iittle or so won jtbemeering, hnd appeared on tire -Si- .■ ■■■ ■ I J. alM - iffttf Jphmw-Aitini. JCr* jtbonu Hill?* {miner? Dick Is likely tooome to thepret for B«'m<-as, auu rew f»ww»w«;*ui«uore powers, s Atnetoysf) lsst year wii id at 7st 1Mb., now she nw 121b. mori£' ffitffi'figfficton't. I fancy, to stop her: duiio'tt^t^aM^Va^m^bl ^jS^BotottgZ • Handicap, wheaj carrying 7sft> 2ib.,becantered home with moath open, having Lapdog, with 7«u 13lb, and Valentino, with 7sfc. 101b., behind him. At Launceatoa, in the Cop, he . gave Misty Horn 141b., and received such a dressing that at even weights the result would hardly hare l^een altered ; hut when the distanoerwas haU ajnile shorter, in the Turf Club Handicap, he pulled Tasmanian through by a head from Coutessft, to whom he waa conceding 221b., though, from the running of Misty Mora in theLaunceston Cup, it fa quite certain that had he nop bolted at the tun, .he would have placed tho.Handicap as well as the Cup to, his owner's credit. Only a few weeks ago, Mr. Ryan's horse again showed bis partiality for a mile and a naif course, when at weight ier age he .settled the pretensions of: SaUdiu. ana others in the Adelaide Queen's, .Plate; but aa he has in variably failed to get near the front in a two miles race, I cannot now regard him as a Melbourne Cup horse, though he has none the. worst of the. weights compared .with many (.above and ..Relow him in^ the. list. Ratbelie's position in the handicap is favour able enough when placed in juxtaposition with that of Warrior, whom she defeated in the Sydney Cup with a difference of 121b.. in her favour, whereas by Mr. Barnard's handi capping she receives an additional 41b,; and as she gave the old one at least a 51b. beating, this performance has been altogether ignored by the' handicapper. Litlli? Dick, however, with only 2lb, more thautheSir Hercules mare, strikes me as much more inviting to specu lators, and much better in, too. dor at 2lb. the chesnut mare can have no show with Dick over a Cup coarse. Planets weight in most quarters is regarded as an injustice, but I must plead my usability to see it. His easy victories at thetFlemington Spring Meeting at once established his fame, and though he subsequently ran in and out in a most mys terious manner/be very ofieu showed form quite up to second class, notably ar Sinythe ctale, where he gave Valentine two years and a pound in weight and beat Lim easily for the Suiythesdale Spring Handicap. It is diffi cult to fathom his pecaliar running at Hamilton, where on the first day he was a very hot favourite, and cut a most inglorious figure, but retrievtd his laurels on the second day by thrashing without difficulty the same horses that he had met on the drat day. His running at Kvnetoa was also satis factory proof of his excellence, and with his numerous victories before him, Mr. Birnard could not do otherwise than place him above Valentine, Saladin, Cjclups gained a great name for himself by his doable victory at one of the up-country meetings of New South Wales, but despite the easy manaerin which he disposed of Sir William, aud the highly coloured reports that have been circu lated respecting this one eyed gentleman, I fail to see anything in connexion with his ex ploits to entitle him to more weight thau S t. 61b.. albeit many who saw him perform at Madge* maintain that be is a horse equal to what Nimblefoot was in his best day, and therefore a moat dangerous customer. As The Ace was last season regarded as little, if anything, inferior to Hamlet, Mr. Ryan cannot complain of the weight that he has received. Can he stay ? is the question that has to be satisfactorily answered before backers of horses will take to him kindly. I see no reason why he ehoald not, though he has never yet got to the front in aay handicap over a mile and a half. When this colt first made his appearance upon the Melbonrne training ground, he became most erratic in his move ments, and often refused to go round the course; bat when be made his dibiit in public, he exhibited no signs of temper, but taking kindly to his work in fixe Maiden Plate, fairly galloped clean away from his opponents, and ran the mile and a half in 2m. 46a His next appearance was in the Plying Stakes, where he showed temper, »nd could only get third to Barbells and Argus Scandal, but he immediately after wards came out in the Spring Handicap, and, j carrying 6st 5lb. to the 6*t. 101b. of Saladin, he lost lengths and lengths at the start, came I through his hones, and made a dead beat of it with the wonderful grey. How he refased to start whan the ran off took place, mast be fresh in the memories of those who witnessed the nee; mid Saladin. getting owajueariy 60 yards in front, had it all his own way. It was not nntiil he was seen at Ballarav tint The Aoe showed out in any thing .like good condition; and here, in the Buliarat Handi cap, he electrified the spectators by rushing through his horses as they rose the bill, ana neverafterwasds giving them a chance, he galloped:'home like a racehorse in the fattest 1 time (hat baa aver been made iu the colony, j vis. 2m. 42±s. The Jewess, with fist, np, was | next to him, and Misty Morn, carryiug 7**i. \ 81b., was a bad third; but to show- that the form was first-class, it is only neoessarr to add j 4hat Valaniine. with fish 121b., Saladin, with 7st 51b., and Planet, with 7sb 4th, were also : behind Aim ;fa fact, it was one of (he best three-year-old feats of the season; and beini folly alive to the fact that this was the only time that Victorians over saw The Acefit, j* <q satisfied that if TothiUis fortunate enough to get him intothesame form for the Mel bourne Cop, the bay son of Ace of Clubi wilf play a matt important part in the coming strag^eb ^! At Talbot, be suffered defeat from Valentine, -bat it must have been apparent to the meat casual observer that the colt with the boomerang shins and dull-looking eye srps not the same that astonished e vary body at Ballarat: He had had more thanenough ofit, arid I was not at all surpruedtosee him figuring fn the rear when tberaoe wuover. At 6stdlb. he is bound to have aipv, ftof the Adelaide finks are lucky in hatdhgeticl ananlmal to champfontheir cause in the gra^h^M ^^year.^^Thli bnbgi threey^tf1 second fa JTiorenoe inthe two Dartosj was beaten by Self-Belianoe in the Maided Piste^ ahead r'Bomulaonoe more eartlr orerthm^ liC. Maiden Plate ; bal hl» nsjfit himinthh A.7.G. attemptwaa a ancoessfol one, aahe'^ron th| Wave^fitd^^efMting ChaUengar.Comf dfcn,Odd Trick, and. The Count; %oi with Bsfc v.mp1)'.he., ran an excell Mit ^raoe with, Lady OlUden fa the. RoKHtndlcsp, thetnaw giving hun fito.and anetfc bastingj; The Spy, SstTlOlb., JBaminiwk>n,;8#t. dlbi TheCoant,7»h fid>.. andeeveralotoBts b^ng behindhim. As? four yearplfl hecatoe«qt atttwAJiH. Hprwg Mi^tiof,.h%f vPraridehtY Haudipsp,: whereii In, aod ws i winner, Stookwpll ,filfc Dgth. aresult which, it, ii/wri, bqen ieversed had jit not Mi 'ifcment ihatPynrhljimet yritj On the. same day,; AveUnt, fiW* •hto, bfat Mrbjp&t;* dengths.fa the Bprinx Stakes; butrdtrjtl& It is said tbat at this timebe wai in anj thing hat tiptop fettle, and it sort obtsd out that he was- to b« Mr. John i Tat'e horse for the Cup. flow hs chine, and , saw,, bait didn't couqaer, needs no telling, His infatuated friend*' stack to him until lt became evident that th'etoWa* a-ecrew looseeomewhorn, aud it' became known that-he was aulfHiinii from i diabetes. For the manner in which be was ( backed upon that opcation, and made dm, favourite, he how pays the penalty; the ban-, dicajpers of both colonies evidently holding' the ideh that he most' have satisfactorily i aPswerfd a question, otherwise he would not, bavereceiVed so touch support froaa the friends of the e table. Be this as it may. I, repeat that no public performance of Mr,' Tait's horse entitled him to8«. 41b.; though I'm quite ready to admit that r took upon his prospects' with favour. While at TUutdwick, in thonutUmn, I saw him enjoying his ease,at Kr.TsitVtud there was considerable improve ment in the horse, i Added to this he cbmes from' the improving New Warrior1 family, and knowing the great Opinion 'his owner bad Pf him before he' went amiss'for the Mel bourne Cap. J cannot help tcinking that he wiii come up to the expectations of his friends during the season of 1872 ,1. The imported mare Parisienne might have been let'in Tib. lighter; but Lady Clifden is fairly enough handicapped at 8*t. 2lb; Her performances at Baliarat in the spring, when she won the Telegraph and Flying Handicap in a common canter, carrying 7st. 101b. and 7st. 8;b. respectively, were of a nature to prove the great dash of foot that she possesses. Doubts have been expressed respecting her staying powers, but for what reason I know not, as she won the A. J.C. St Leger in a walk. The stable, however, fancy the chances df Hatnlet and Hercolesin preference to the speedy daughter of Yelvertun. Toe Baron was last year handicapped at 7st. 51b., or H)lb. less than he is-now called upon to carry ; bnt6ince that time he has shown a dfs- i position to stay hotter, and he receives mote than a corresponding increase in hti weight. He didn't at all distinguish himself at the Opening meeting of the -A J. <3\. lastspring; and though he ran respectably enough for the Hotbam Handicap at the V.R.C. Spring Meetiug, it was never for a moment imaginedthat he was capable of landing an event of the importance of the Brilarat Cup. more especially as speed rather than staying qualities had always been regarded as his fortebut be did win the Baliarat Cup, and that easily; taking up the runuing soon after the horses had gone a mite, and never after wards beingapproached, be won in a canter by four lengths, his immediate follower being Suladin, with 7*t. 41b. upon his. back. Upon this form, The Baron would appear to hold the grey Safe enough at their present weights. Attbe V.R.U. Spring Meeting, the half-bred -Arab opened the eyes of tbe enemies of the breed by cleverly scoring a victory in' the Hothatn Handicap. 1 and thdugb not placed by the judge, I still maintain my oft-expressed opinion that he was fully half a length in front of Irish Kiug and Little Dick in the Cap race, though the chesnnt colc beat Dick by a abort head for fourth place. How the little grey, with Barbelie, made most of the runniug in tbe Cop has already been recorded ; and his subsequent victory in another race after a dead heat with The Ace bus been before referred to by myself. Running second to The Baron for the Baliarat Cap was another feather in his cap, bat when he came out in the Sutton Handicap, and cleverly npset tbe Valentine " pot," snrprise was depicted on every coun tenance. Passing over his defeats up country brings me to the ever-to bo-remembered Australian Cup. Few people, excepting his owner and trainer, ever imagined that Saladin had tbe ghost of a chance for such a race with 7«t 81b. upon his back, and thougu I am quite satisfied that the Dutchman won the first time, it was gratifying indeed to see the gallant grey ultimately victorious. Tbe great improvement displayed by this horse left Mr. Barnard no alternative but to place him well op in tbe list; yet 22ib. appears to be a great stretch for a moderate horse; still, Saladin has lately Bhown us that weight is not such an object tojhitn as is generally' sap posed. It is acknowledged upon all sides that he would have won the Adelaide Cap but for the jostling he received, aud tbe style in which he disposed of Australian Back at the same freights in the Autumn Handicap goes a long way to favour this idea. Remembering the -Wonderful improvement made by tbe grey during the past season. I must confess that it would not surprise me Jo the least to! see him displaying still further advance-' ment; but I cannot bring myself to bfReve him capable of finishing In the front rank of a Melbourne Gap with *8sr. lib. upon his back; and, good home though he con fessedly is, I shall not include himiu n»j; list of d&ucerou;* nags:for, the great spring event of 1872. Valeuane is another amib&l; that improved -pounds and poitods as 'last season advanced;' Unfortunately, jhst pre4 vious to the V. R O. Sprin'g Meeting, ho suffered from the same complain^ that attacked Frrrhna and therefore was not ip a fit condition to co^e ehooossfailf against tbe nags opposOd to him; but he' oubietpiehtly distinguished himself at Smytbesdaie and Talbot, and finished up by landing the V.R CJ Midsummer Handicap and the . £100 Plate J Both these event# were gathered , to his net! with ridiculous ease; 'jet I fail toseehlin th a Melbourne Cnpwitb anything beyimdTatJ 71b. upon his back, because he .is* nt>t class enough for a severely-run race over a Cap coarse; though it cannot be denied that at d less distance he ranks in the same category as Saladin and Tbe Baron—good horses id moderate company, -hot botnp to oaytbW Uke8«t. in a Melbourne Cap. Having aaiq my aay anent the handicappiug of thosd engaged down to 8it, I shall, reserve my Em arks upoptbe horses further down " ' tuntU next wyek. -Of thofe l hate v. , (his occasion referred to, the best in' appear to be Little Dick and The Aoe p$nt Habile1 hasolwayi dUplayed great welght-car ability, as wpUaa wondetfulipeed and at sbenin anjtiungUkehlt prpperiota qaentiy," it tec^mFbe Itnpwltio to himforthe cbmtog svWggla, albeit, tforuri own part, Iwoald muoh'prcfer something under 7«t. 71b. ff l wetespeculaUng upon the Cnp. ' ' ^[ 