LOCAL NEWS. Breach of Mikino Bkgttlations. — At the East Maitland police court, on Tuesday, Thomas Lewis, Inspector of Collieries, charged Freder ick Curlewis, manager of the Woodford Colliery, Hexham, ' that he did not within one year and sis months after commencing the working of bords and stalls of the said colliery, hare made and completed at least two separate and distinct openings to the day or surface, for such colliery, communicating with each other.' The evidence was that in June, 1870, when he paid the visit he went down the perpendicular shaft with the manager and found two men working in a wide rutwl ? anrl «it ?+Vio+- fim t% nnd anliaiintinnflip nr.ni _ MWl *??- ) IU4U UiV UilUW VUUb UUU OUMtlVU tAVXtlfft V tU4ll* plainant hod intimated to Mr. Curlewis the necessity for 'having a second opening ; once especially' on the 29th 'September,- 1871 ; the de fendant promised then to have the second shaft completed at once : on tho 22nd December com Elainont went again, and found that the shaft ad not been made ; a commencement had been made, which was covered up. Complainant Knew tnai a nonce uau uecn sent to me late Mr. Koene by Mr. Curlowis ; the two men he saw were not experimenting ; they were work ing in a bord ; it was not true that work was re sumed in the colliery in August last, working in the bord commenced in July, 1870. The notice sent to Mr. Kecnc was sent after that time ; it should have been sent one month after March. The defence was that permanent working was not commenced till November, 1870, and that the men in the June of that year were employed merely to get coal for the engine. They were not working in a bord. A notice had been sent to Mr. V «ntm on the 23rd November, 1 870, and no complaint had been made by Mr. Kcene or Mr. Lewis as to the insufficiency of that notice till December, 1871. There was provision mado for the admission of air into the pit as well as for the access of the workmen. Mr, Lucius O'Brien, one of the co-proprietors of the mine, gave evidence.as to an interview he had had with Mr. Kcene after the preliminary operations at the pit had . been completed ; he had felt some difficulty as to the kind of notice to be given so as to comply with the requirements of the sixth flection of the Act (to which his. attention had been drawn by Mr. Keene), in consequence of tho number of time* that the mine had been opened and closed. Mr. Keeno told him at the interview to give notice when preliminary opo rations were resumed, and another notice when permanent workings were commenced. WitnesB drafted a notice in accordance with these in structions, and handed it to the manager ; and on the 28rd of November, in tho year 1870, he drafted a further notice of the commencement of permanent working, which he also handed to the manager. He had never received any inti mation, either from Mr. Keene or any other person, that the notices were not in accordance with the'Act.— -Tho case, was withdrawn. Mr. Thompson appeared for the complainant ; and Mr. Lucius OVBrion, barrister, for the defendant. The case lasted nearly all day., ?', . ' : Pbimitive Methodist DisitelcT Meeting. — In consequence of 'the .inclemency' of the weather, the camp meeting wliieh 'was to 'have taken place on. Sunday last -could not be held. Tho service was conducted, in the new church, St. Peters. The attendance was very good, At the sittings, on Monday,, the ^president took the chair at half- past 9 aon. TheJlev. S. Hart en- - gaged in prayer. A long 'discussion took place on the report of the committee 'appointed to ex amine the. candidates for the ministry, which was ultimately adopted. The candidates ex amined were Messrs. C. E. Ward, J. Williams, G. Smith, J. Penman, S. Gilby, and W. A. Wilson. In the afternoon the principal business transacted was tho stationing of tho ministers for the ensuing year. The Bev. R. Hartley, of Rockhampton,a formerly of Sydney, in conse quence of failing health, was recommended to the Conference for superannuation. ? Much sym pathy was expressed towards Mr. Hartley, who had laboured zealously and tiuccessfully in the Primitive Methodist ministry, for upwards of thirty-six years. In 'the evening, a service was lield in the open air, followed by a public meet ing in the' church, the' Rev. Jr. Foggon in the chair ; 'and addresses bearing -on the work of god were given by Messrs. C. Harrison, G. Reid, and the: Revs.' B.C. Ptitohard and S. ; Hart,— fl.H. Herald. ,, :, .. . .,..*. ; t The Inteic'oloKial' Cbmkbt MJtTCH.-^-We mve heard1 that the team tb represent New South Wales' in the next intercolonial .cricket match hai been already selected by the Sydney cricketers, and that.outof the whole ;of the Nor thern district . but one player, JMr. Hand, of Narrabri, 'has been chosen to play with them. The Association, most probably, have taken this course owing to the poor show inadely tho Nor thern team during the match North v. South, in which- thcNortnenew were confronted by the metropolitan players and tho South.. But one ?wallow does not make 'a summer, neither does one match establish the reputation of a cricket ing team ; and possibly, when all top late, the intercolonial team may find cause to regret their delusiveness in this matter. . Thb. Enomsh Maii,.— The, P. and O. uCom pany's steamer, with the English mails via Snez, wan due at Eing^ George's Sound at 11 p.m. on Thursday last. We may, therefore, expect the English telegrams from Adelaido on Monday at the latest. The Elections.— Tho air is filled with ru mours as -to who are to be the coming men, but as yet it would be premature to say more than that the late members for the city and the county will have to face mo.t formidable oppositions. Mr. Urookes' chance' for Northumberland is of the poorest, and in his case it would be safe to predict defeat ; but in that of Mr. Lloyd the struggle will be exceedingly keen. Amongst other matters that militate against his prospects is the loading of the Thermopylae in Sydney with Bulli coal, in which mines Mr. Lloyd is gene rally credited with being interested, This mat ter is creating a considerable amount of indigna tion, and in the event of a fit and proper candi date coming forward — a certainty by the way — the odds are long in favor of Mr. Lloyd's return ing to Sydney, disappointed in the expectations he entertains — so we hear from Sydney — of be coming Colonial Treasurer. The Want of Hotel Accommodation at Mubbubundi. — Since the refusal of the magis trates to grant licenses to tho two newly-erected hotels, and the population daily increasing, per sons travelling cannot get sleeping rooms at the present licensed houses ; and it is no uncommon thing for strangers to apply at private houses to get a place to sleep in. Jiow Jong this state of things is to last is impossible to say, but surely the late refusal will not always be carried out. At that time there Was not the same require ment for new houses as at present ; the iron horse now daily coming to town has caused .such aa influx of strangers that there is not ac commodation for them.— Mercury, 8th inst. Man Ovebboabd: — Yesterday afternoon, whilst the mate- of. the barque Frowning Beauty was passing over tho side of the vessel, intending to get to the wharf, he missed his footing, and fell into the water. For a time the excitement was intense, as the man had disappeared and nothing but his cap, floating on the surface, was to be seen. Captain Summccbell, of the City of Newcastle, immediately got into a boat and pushed off in the hopes of finding the man conic to the. surface, and presently had tho grati fication of seeing him climbing up the stones under the wharf. A few bruises and tho im mersion were the result' of what might have proved a most serious affair. . Dbiudful Occubbknce. — Mr. Hartley Hol mes, well known on the Darling, and recently woolseourittg at Mossgiel, died on the 15th January, reports the Hay Stvndard, after some weeks drinking. He went from Booligal to Mossguil ou the bos-seat of a coach, and had got to Poakc's hotel, where he tumbled off the box and rolled onto the verandah. He hod a glass of brandy. and died about three hours afterwards. About lialf-an-hour after death the body burst. The sight is described as having boon awful. He was buried immediately, without any cere mony whatever. Caution to Bathebs. — We are informed that Mr. Lochheod, whilst bathing, yesterday morn ing, in tho usual bathing place at the Bar, was stung cither by a Portuguese man o'war, or some other poisonous fish. Intense agony was the result, accompanied by giddiness in the head and .severe vomiting. No time was lost in get ting Mr. Loehhead into his buggy and driving him back to his residence at the Terrace where the necessary remedies were applied. St. James Church, Wickhah. — It will be observed in our advertising columns, that the foundation-stone of the new Episcopalian Church ut 'Wickham, to be named St. James, is to be laid (B.V.) on Friday next, the 16th instant, at four o'clock in the afternoon. Pensions in Abbeae. — The following official statement shows tho amount of arrears of pen sions due up to the 31st December inclusively, ? to cadi of the pensioners under the Civil Service Superannuation Act of 1804 : — Stephen Green liill, £526 12s 8d ; John Crook, £380 Cs 3d ; M. D. Ferguson, £233 9s7d; K. A. Hunt, £605 11s 2d ; J. G. Lcnnon, £298 9s lOd ; Nicholas Nelson, £258 4s 5d ; E. C. Brewer, £10(5 9s 5d ; Robert Brindley, £272 la lid j J. E. Humbley, .t2O7 11s9d; Samuel Morgan, £119 13s lid ; W. II. Christie, £689 5s 5d ; George Bret, £91 2s 3d ; W. C. Still, £470 6s j John Wells, £627 3s 3d; William Vallack, £547 13s lid; T. K. Abbott, £3(59 0s 8d ; E. H. Stratham, £101 13s lOd ; John Brown, £156 16s 2 ; Lewis Gordon, £274, 19s lid ; John Chippondalo, £117 8s 8d ; John Wallace, £116 16s 5d; E. Eogors, £505 lls 3d ; ]?. Campbell, £357 10a ; W. R. David son, £842 12s ; J. E. Turner, £111 Os 9d ; S. Cole, £366 Os 4d ; S. Elyard, £337 Os lid ; T. M'Mahon, £2 19s ; J. Prout, £48 9s lid ; A. T. lioss, £108 4s 8d; C.Thomson, £603 17s 4d; W. H. Palmer, £263 6s 5d ; C. E. Newcombe, £379 3s6d; E. D. Day, £352 0s 6d j William Wurburton, £70 13s 2d ; William King, £131 4s 5d ; C. T. Weaver, £159 14s 6d; M. Fitz Patrick, £440 ; J. Wickham, £137 12s 9d ; G. Denshire, £67 5s 7d ; D, A. Cahill, £71 lls Id ; .J. Kclleher, £66 3s 9d; E. Beckham, £392 Os 7d ; C. T. Williams, £97 8s 6d; G, K. Mann, £-155 5s lid; T. Cronin, £209 2s Id; C. H. Horsley, £90 17a Id ; F. Underwood, £413 12s 2d ; A. Williams, £184 17s lid j H. Fitzgerald, €0(5 Is lid; S. B. Warburton, £479 14s Id; Charles Moore, £76 2s 8d ; David Smith, £124 17s 3d ; T. J. Jaques, £487 9s 8d ; W. Thomas, £111 16s 3d ; E. O'Connor, £418 18s 9d ; J. E. Chambers, £84 14s lid ; J. L. E. Pearce, £63 19s 4d ; ? Thomas Jones, £126 8s ; William Thompson, £121 2s 8d. Total, £16,856 8s 7d.— & M. Herald, 8th February. A Ghost. — A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of the 8th January, 'about 9 o clock, as the Eev. ' Mr. Bayley, ac companied by two of Mr. Hughes 's daughters, was driving towards Milhaven, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mv. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arms right in front of the norse. The animal became frightened, and bolted right through ' tho figure. 'Miss Hughes exclaimed, ' Dear me, what was that ?' Mr. Bayley endea voured to pull the horse up; but on he dashed, nor could no be induced to stop till he reached' the gate at Millhaven.' ' ' The Ovebland Tblkobaph. — On Thursday, January 25th, the South Australian Assembly spent half an hour in debating the position of the Overland Telegraph. ' There were (says the Rey'ntcr) few expressions of regret that such a work should have been undertaken, but there were loud lamentations over the muddle into which operations at the. northern end have been brought, and frequent references to the impolicy of entering upon the construction of the line without first obtaining the co-operation of the other colonies. The discussion waa evi dently only a prelude to what is to come, for members, although they have hitherto said Little, havo thought much over the arrangements for repairing the mischief caused by the miscarriage of Messrs. Darwent and Dalwood'a contract, and they havo come to the conclusion that the time for explanations has arrived. A fetr p*rtinent inquiries were put on Thursday, but the infor mation elicited served only to sharpen the ap ? petite for more, and.it is. understood that on Taesday next, a full battery of questions- will be opened1 upon the pteieat and late Ministers, unless they see fit to forestall' the attack by volunteering a particular account of all the mat ters upon which the curiosity of the House has buon aroused. Considering, the Uttture of the emergency to be.meti andthe necessity for the utmost promptitude in meeting it, it would be ungonerous to scrutinise too narrowly every item of expenditure incurred, but there are some points whioh sadly require elucidation. . Es pecially it is necessary that every circumstance vomieoled with the abandonment of the Boper as the main base of operations for Mr. Patter (sou's expedition should be stated.' \- THB' LAT» OPEBATIOJf FOB -ESMOVAI, O» Diseased Jaw-bone. — Yesterday, in company with Dr. Harris, whose successful operation for removal of a diseased portion of an upper jaw v/e lately noticed, we visited the Newcastle Hospital,- and there had an opportunity afforded us of seeing and conversing with the hid Nephew, upon whom the operation was per formed. The sutures have all been removed, and the flesh has grown together again, presenting but little traces of the passage of the knife. The boy's general health is good, his articulation is perfect, and he cats with facility and good ap petite. His face, as may be supposed, is still somewhat pufied, and the nose lies over towards the right cheek, but Dr. Harris is of opinion that these defects will disappear under the care and attention he is receiving in the Hospital. 