ADELAIDE. fllfiRffcl.V. Two thousand bags sugar ex Jane Bell sold to-day. Yellow counters, £36 10s; yellow crystals, £37 10s ; white crystals £38 to £44 14s ; Bnowdrop, £42 2s 6d. Wheat and flour very quiet ; no change.— Herald. ? ' ? ' Temperance. — An amateur musical enter tainment took place last night in the Oddfellows' Hall. Sussex-street, for the purpose of liquidating a debt incurred by a picnic at Botany last Queen's Birthday, in connection with the Olive Branch and Dove Divisions of Sons and Daughters of Temperance. . . The hall was crowded to excess. The first part of the programme was Ian ethiopian entertainment by the Excelsior Minstrels, in which Mr. Q. F. Jackson's ' Put me in mv little bed.' T. Bomrson's 'Cornet tilayer.' and J. F. Hennessy'B 'I'm lonely since my mother died,' were heard to advantage. Mr. Johnny Cowan was encored in his serio-comic songs ' Sir Boger Tichborae,' ' Johnny Smoker,1 ' and ' The Sailor Boy.' ' Miss Annie Milner'B rendering of 'The Qneen's Letter,' 'My Popsy Wopsy,' and ' Send me a letter, Charlie,' was, on the Cafe Chantant's principle, accompanied by a roaring phorns from upwards of 100 young men, who monopolized the back seats by standing on them, and in many instances they disregarded all order by their noisy whiKtlinff. stamninff. find hissin?. Mr. Baraett's ' Dar ling Mignonette' ' met with a favourable reception. The ' Flower Girl' by a lady juvenile was deservedly encored, and she substituted 'Barney O'Hea.' A sailors' hornpipe by Brothers Cardwell was 'effectively executed, and evoked an encore. Mr. Parker's 'Awfully clover' and 'Carrots and turnip-tops' was also like Miss Milner's songs, accompanied by a bolster ens chorus. A song and dance in character, ' The Crow ' by Mr. Black was encored,, and he then gave ' the Ghost.' A song by Mr. Benson, and a concer tina solo was well received. The 'National Anthem' terminated the performance at 11 o'clock, which if not highly meritorious, seemed to give unqualified satisfac tion to a maioritv of the laree audience. Coeomee'b Inquest, — The adjourned in quest upon the body of Samuel Henry Badgery, who was drowned in Darling Harbour, on the 13th instant, was resumed this morning, at tbe Observer Tavern, George-street. George Drury stated : That he was master of the steamer Pelican, running between Sydney and Pairnmatta, and held a certificate from the Steam Navigation Board. He remembered leaving the wharf t at the foot of King-street, with the Pelican, about I twenty minutes past 6 o'clock, on tbe 13th instant. The ' engineer and witness were the only persons in charge of the steamer. The duties of the former ore to look after the engine and engine-room, while wit ness attended to the wheel and kept a look out. There was a look ont forward. The steering apparatus is right over the engine, on a bridge, between the two paddle-boxes. From that posi ness could see anything in front of the boat. She had proceeded abont 400 yards when witness saw a boat coming up, and then rang !iia bell, which was hanging alongside of him on the bridge. Immediately after doing bo, witness saw a boat in front of the steamer, and then he passed down the word to stop her; but not feeling the engineer stop on the instant, he again called ' Stop her, stop her j' and before ho called out tbe third time the vessel was stopped. She then struck , the boat, and witness went forward and saw several gentlemen assisting a man on board over the bowsprit, i His attention was then drawn to another man being in ! the water on the starboard side, and he threw him ' a rope and with some assistance hauled him on board. Witness did not hear any shouts from the boat when he gave the order to stop the vessel, and at the time, to the best of his belief, she was travelling at the | rate of five knots per hour. From the time witnesB ; first saw the boat, and sang out, and to the time that ' she was struck not more than eight or ten seconds elapsed. He had been some considerable time on the Pelican, and knew the speed she could go ; had she been on full steam at the time the accident occurred, in her then condition, she would not do more than eight knots an hour. She is very foul on the bottom. Dr. Hamil ton deposed to examining the body of the deceased, and . said the only visible mark of violence npon the body, : was a slight abraiaon on the left lower extremity, but' it wasof no importance, and he was of opinion that the cause of death was asphyxia from drowmng. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased was drowned by the boat of which he was an occupant being accidently run down by the Bteamer Pelican, in Darling Harbour, on the 13th instant ; and 'were also of opinion that the steamer was not sufficiently manaed, and that in future the company Bhould see that she had her proper comple ment of men. 