RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. Diocesan Synod. The annual session of the Synod was opened on Monday morning, May 6, at St. Paul's Church, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. the Litany, the Very Kev. Dean Russell offi ciating. The Holy Communion haying been administered, His Lordship delivered his Pastoral Address, in which he referred to the subjects of Christian union, Prayer-book revision, English Education Act, denominational schoolrooms, to the proposition for a week of special prayer, and to the proposed General Conference at Sydney. The offertory, which was made in aid of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Guarantee Fund, amounted to £4 11s. 3d. Business Meeting. The meeting for the disposal of business was held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, in the afternoon . There was a large number of clergy men and laymen present. The proceedings were opened by prayer by the Bishop. THE SYNODAL ROLL. The Synodal Compact was signed by new ' members, and the roll was made up as follows : — Holy Trinity, Adelaide '? — Rev. Richard3OR Reid ; Synodsmen, Wm. Gosse, H. D. Holmes. Christchurch, North Adelaide — Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A. ; J. Bath, W. W. Biyth, J. S. Bellhouse, A. B. Cooper. St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. J. Pollitt; J. Williams, G. Colyer, J. K. Hawthorn, R. H. Edmunds. St. Paul's Adelaide— The Very Rev. Deaa Russell; W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, S. C. Pearson, G. M. Turnbull. St. Paul's Port Adelaide— Rev. S. Green; H. Duncan, H. D. Cruttendeo. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. T. J. Smyth, M.A.; W. S. Moore, W. T. Cooper. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood — Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A.; J. E. Moulden, A..Llovd. All Saints', Hindmarsh— Rev. H. M. Pollitt; S. H. Catchlove. St. Margaret's, Woodville-Rev. H. M. Pollitt; B. E. DeMole. St. Andrew's, Walkerville— Rev. Canon Dove, M.A.; J. Acraman, C. B. Young. St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W. Meredith, J. Howell. St. George's, Woodforrle— Rev. A. Honner; H. P. Denton. St. Michael's, Mitcham — Rev. Hy. Read, M.A.; N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie; J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road— Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; S. Thornber. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill— Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; T. J. S. O'Halloran, St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. Thos. Field, M.A. : R. B. Colley, N. Bljth. St. Stephen's, Willunga— R. G. Jay. St. Philip and St. James's, Noarluaga. St. James's, Blakiston— Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; B. Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker— Rev. H. J. Pooie, M. A. ; J. W. Gower. St. Thomas's, Balhannah— Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A. ; Thomas Pugh. St. George's, Gawlei— Rev. Canon Coombs: W.H.Lewis. ' Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev. J. M. Donald son ; Frederic Wicksteed, H. Scott. St. Mary's, Kooringa— M. MacDermott, P.W. Dyer. St. Jude's, Port Elliot-A. R. Addison. ~^&4 St. John's, Mount Pleasant — Rev. W. A Clayfield ; W. S. Do»glas. St. Peter's, Robe— Rev. H. Howitt; J. A. Fergusson, H. H. Thomas. Cnristchurch, Gambierton— A. Blyth, H. K. Hughes. St. Thomas', Port Lincoln— N. Blyth, G. W. Hawkes. Christchurch, Yankalilla— Rev. C. W. Morse; Henry Dutton. All Saints', Moonta— A. Spence. St. John's, Macclesfield— Rev. C. G. Tapliri. St. Mary's, Echunga— Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Riverton— John Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn. The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee for union with Synod: — Emanuel, Chinkf ord— Rev. J. Houghton ; G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's, Bungaree— Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A.; W. L.Beare. St. Barnabas's, Clare— Rev. J. A. Boake, B. A. J J.Hope. The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod, but are included in this list to give status on the roll to the clergymen :— St. John's, Auburn— Rev. C. W. Hawkins. St. John's, Salisbury— Rev. W. Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch— Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A. St. Jude's, Brighton — Rev. H. William* (Deacon). ? ' - - Chrfetchurch, Strathalbyn. ? \ St. Peter's Collegiate School— Rev. ? Canom Farr, M. A., Rev. J. C. Haynea (Deacon). * Nanwrcorto Mission. ? ? ' ? «v : - IBB STATE OP' THE TflOCESEj, , The Bishop read hisreport on this subject as follows:—1' ?* '?.-?'?'?? ?'..??* .' ; The Diocese had hardly recovered from the loss of Dean FarreU and Archdeacon Twopeny in 1869, and was again TCcruiting the number of itsdergyby the accession of the Revs. C. W. Hawkins, C. G. Taplin, and F. W. Marshall, when ? early in 1871 the health of the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson gave way. Compelled to relin quish duty for a time, he sought to recover his health by a voyage to New Zealand. The vital powers, however, were fatally impaiied, and on bis return he lingered, with few intermissions of pam, until in August he entered into rest. By his removal two important congregations were . left without a pastor, but by the kindness of the Archdeacon and Canon Farr, together with the unflagging zeal of the Lay Readers, services were supplied and the Sacraments duly ad ministered until the incumbencies could be filled. St. Bartholomew's was placed under the charge of the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and the Rev. J. Smyth succeeded to St. John's. The separa tion of these cures has had a beneficial' effect. A new parsonage has been already built' and occupied in the former parish, and the congrega tion considerably increased. !' The difficulty of finding an Incumbent for St. John's was greatly enhanced by a heavy debt imprudently contracted in building the new parsonage, and at the present time a heavy mortgage on it threatens to alienate1 both house and garden from the Church. I doubt the propriety, if not the legality, of so dealing with property placed in trust for Church purposes, and at all events it frustrates the object for which grants were obtained from the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. ? Meanwhile, the important cure of Kapunda was filled by the Rev. J. M. Donaldson, late minister of Mortlake, in Victoria, who, I trust, by ability and patience, will overcome the difficulties inherent in a cure which comprises a mining township as well as scattered rural population. Two other incumbencies also became vacant in the course of last year— Blakiston and Magill. The temporary inconvenience thus caused was removed by the appointment respectively to these cures of the Eev. Henry J. Poole and A. Honner. St. Mary's, Sturt, and O'Halloran Hill, have since fallen to the charge of the Rev. J. Leslie Smith, and at this time Moonta and Wallaroo alone are vacant.* Such rearrangement of parochial charges is not unattended with much trouble and correspondence, but I am not without hopes that some benefit ? results from such occasional changes. It is gratifying to me to be able to report the completion of a spacious church at Strathalbyn, to which the Rev. F. Slaney Poole was unanimously invited by tho congregation. It forms the head station of a large missionary district, comprising Wellington, Langhorae's Creek, and tho Lake Plains. I am thankful that this widely-settled agricultural district, as well as the important town of Strathalbyn, have been placed under the charge of an energetic and capable minister. Brighton, also, which is growing: every day to be a favourite summer retreat from Adelaide, enjoys the advantages of a resident curate in the person of the Rev. Hartley Williams. In Lefevre's Peninsula the Rev. S. Green, with his usual energy, has suc ceeded in building and opening a mission school and church; and at Rhynie, as well as Mypongj:, new churches are' in course of erec tion, although the deficiency of the harvest may probably delay their completion. We must bow to the will of Providence, which has seen good to curtail the produce of our fields and so retard our designs for His glory. Port Wake field and Lacepede Bay have been added to the number of our mission stations, and quarterly services are held at Blanchetown. bites for Churches are secured at Penola and at Port Wakefield, and should trade prosper at the latter valuable shipping-place, we may hope to see a Church commenced there at no very dis tant date. With regard to missionary labours, I have to report that the Rev. C. GoodenoughTaplin visited, at my request, Streaky Bay and the stations between it and Port Lincoln. The Poonindie Institution afforded valuable assistance towards this missionary tour, and Mr. Taplin reports well of the kindness and thankfulness with which his visits were everywhere welcomed. The absence of the Lay Reader, Mr. O. K. Richard son, whom illness compelled to seek medical advice in Adelaide, rendered Mr. Taplin's comingstill more timely and acceptable, and such visits I must endeavour to supply more fre quently to the Western coast. The Rev. C. Morse also from time to time visited Kangaroo Island, but his failing health of late has sus pended for a time his valuable labours among the island settlers. On the other hand, Canon Dove has made three visits to the district north of the Broughton, 'where there should undoubtedly be settled a resident missionary. Until, however, one can be found worthy to tread the steps of Arch deacon Twopeny, it is more acceptable to the settlers that an experienced minister, possessed of spiritual zeal and Christian gentleness, should occasionally visit these out- lying portions of our population. I do trust, however, that, with reviving prosperity and increasing commerce, Port Augusta and the missionary stations will call for and support reasonably a resident minister. I know of no place where true Christian character and evangelical energy would more surely reap an abundant harvest of souls. TheBlinman and Prince Alfred Mines have also received visits . from Mr. Dove, and these visits, though rare, have not failed to encourage the serious to hold fast to their pro fession without wavering, and awaken others to repentance. To these missionary tours I. may add those which I myself have been at liberty to take during the. past 12 months. From Bun garee and the Burra to Glenburn and Port Elliot in the south; from Mount Pleasant to Port Wakefield and Moonta on the west; and again in the south-east to Robe, Mount Gambier, Penola, Narracoorte, and MacDonnell and Lace pede Bays. In several of these places I have held confirmations. For such extended pastoral visitations, however, the number of our clergy — 38 and one on probationary employment — is all too few, even including my own ministra tions. St. Peter's Collegiate School I thankfully acknowledge is yearly adding its quota to our clerical body, and I am well satisfied that they not only meet the requirements of the Diocese, but in general qualifications for the ministry of the Church of England and theological knowledge they are not behind the ordi nary supply of Literates, from England. It would be very desirable, however, if from the Mother Church the Diocese could receive from time to time a highly-qualified and accomplished minister. Some such might probably be found willing to emigrate; but they will not feel called on to abandon ministerial duty at home, as well as friends and country, on the mere chance of a precarious provision for themselves and families, and that, too, with the possibility of being rejected by some Vestry or Committee. The congregation which desires to live under the care of such a pastor must not only raise funds for the passage, but also give a reliable guarantee that a competent income will be supplied. Few men are likely to resign a settled endow ment income for the precarious and fluctuating stipend gathered only from pew-rents and fees. The life -incumbency, however, of endowed parishes at home has its evils, and fails to meet the emergencies of a young country, where the changes of popula tion are often rapid. A mining population, for example, of 16,000 souls distributed in distant townships, replaces in a few years the lonely sheep-walk, and the missionary suited to the latter may be ill able to meet the exigencies or cope with the difficulties of the foraier. Offences, also, will from tim« to time arise, and, although no charges of immoral conduct, heretical doctrine, or breach of ecclesiastical rule can be sustained, congregations may be broken up, and the Ministry of the Word harrasaed by unwise or unguarded conduct I see no reason why such conduct as is unbe coming a clergyman and gentkman should not form the subject of enquiry under the Synod, as well as the analagous enquiry which takes place in Her Majerty's army. The very possibility of such enquiry would go a long way to prevent its occurrence. Instead of discontent spreading and growing until a congregation is weakened or divided, enquiry might result in the removal of the grounds ol offence, or lead to I' * Rev. C. Goodenongh Taplin bas been nomi nated to the joint cure, - ?-' an exchange rof incumbency. At present it ' requires what is'tantamount to the formal pro cedure of criminal law to remove an Incumbent from his benefice. Absolute power of ejec tion, on the other hand, vested in Trustees or lay deacons, degrades the pastorate of souls; while the vacating of missions triennially weakens its influence, so far as that depends on the indivi dual minister. I commend tfce subject, therefore, to your thoughtful consideration, as well as the need of a fund for superannuated Clergy. The missionary operations of the Diocese during the past year are classed under two dis tinct heads — those which concern our Abori gines, and the' aid afforded to the Melanesian Mission. The Poonindie Institution during the past year has increased its numbers without im pairing the moral and religious tone of the inmates, bred up for the most part on the station. Including a camp of bush natives, em ployed partially in clearing land for agriculture, ibovelQO aborigines were under the religious influence of the Superintendent, Mr. Holden. Mr. Taplin, on his way to Streaky Bay, visited and inspected the institution. He expressed a very favourable opinion of the state and habits of the generality. At Kingston/Lacepede Bay, Miss Armstrong has also carried on a native school. The : children are few in the school — do not exceed 12\. When visited lately by myself and His Ex lency the Governor, thosef 'present manifested very great intelligence 'and sound instruction. The wooden schoolhouse,' built of weatherboard, is much out of repair. '[ The 'shingle roof admits the rain both to the storeroom arid sleeping place of 'the native children; whilo the weatherboards, being . warped, make such draughts that the open air ia less likely to cause catarrh than such a sleeping apartment. The weatherside, at least, of the roof and house should be covered at once with metal, if the school is kept on. It is not the fault of the mistress, Miss Armstrong, that more children are not attracted to it. The Rev. H. Howitt, who visits Kingston monthly, is very .decidedly of opinion that this school deserves support. I know not where on the south coast a better spot could be chosen as a missionary centre than the head-quarters of the Maria Creek tribe. It was there that the survivors from that ship-wrecked vessel fell victims to a barbarity not less cruel than that which has compassed the death of our lamented Bishop Patteson. (Having re ferred to the murder of Bishop Patteson, the report proceeded)— In conclusion, I mav remark that in spite ot death and transfers of clergy to different cures, nearly all the statistical returns show an increase. There are more churchesand congregations, more communicants, more confirmed, more sittings let, more funds raised. The Sunday scholars have slightly decreased. I commend this last point to the careful consideration of the Incumbents. On their selection of good teachers and able superintendents depends, under God's blessing, the good behaviour and the numbers of those who are brought up tinder the nurture and admonition of the Church. Lastly, I bave the pleasure of stating that, through means supplied by the Attorneys of the Propagation of the Gospel Society, the Hospital, Destitute Asylum, Magill Industrial School, as well as the Gaol and Ilfracombe Reformatory, will be supplied with stated ministrations from the city and suburban clergy. REPORT OP STANDING COMMITTEE. The report -of the Standing Committee was read, with the other reports found below it. We have condensed it as follows, omitting portions referred to by the Bishop: — ' The Standing Committee desire to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past year. 'Clerical Incomes.— Finding that the grants in aid of the incomes of some of the clergy are reduced by the fact that certain contributions in aid of their income coming from other sources than pew-rents and the weekly offertory are not subsidized under the existing scheme of grants in aid, they recommend that where there is an offertory at every Sunday service every pound paid to the incumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let. 'The Committee now proceed to those matters which have from time to time arisen during the past year to claim their special attention :— ' Baroness Burdetfc Coutts.— To this lady, who provided the endowment of the See of Adelaide, they have thought it a due mark of grateful respect to forward a letter of congratulation on Her Ladyship's accession to new dignity, and this has accordingly been done. 'Lady Edith Ferguson.— A letter of con dolence, expressing the deep and universal sym pathy of the Church with His. Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson in his bereavement, has been addressed to him, and he was pleased to signify his appreciation of this mark of esteem for Her Ladyship, whose loss we all deplore. 'Bishop Patteson. — The representatives of the Melanesian Mission have likewise been addressed in a letter of condolence in their grievous bereavement in the loss of this great missionary Bishop, with assurances of continued and, if possible, increased assistance in the work of the mission. 'Synodal Expenses.— They are happy to re port that the amount received during the past year has, within a few shillings, been equalto the expenditure. All the churches at which regular services have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Penwortham. They recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the exception of St. Paul's, Adelaide, which is raised to the same class as Trinity and Christchurch, North Adelaide {No. 7); and St. Luke's, Adelaide, which is raised to Class 5. They also recommend that Port Augusta and Enfield be placed in Class No. 1, at £1 per annum; and that Lyndoch and Wflliamstown be reduced from Class 2 to Class 1. 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— They furnish balance-sheet to June 30, 1871, and also a progress account to April 30, 1872. They have to report that the appeal for the increase of the Guarantee Fund has not yet been very success ful ; they hope, however, to be able te report more favourably by the end of the financial year, June 30. They regret to state that, as anticipated in their report of May, 1870, the rate of interest has materially decreased, and at this moment there is a considerable sum un invested. ' Table of Collections, &c;— They furnish a table showing the amounts received from each church for the various funds (including the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund to April 30), and the amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes. This account will be found to compare favourably with that of last year :— Received— ' 1871. 1872. Synodal assessment ... £140 0 0 £147 0 0 General Church and Home Mission Fund... 148 15 7 173 14 5 Mission to the Heathen. 117 8 2 124 1111 Paid Clerical incomes! ? 490 3 10 61219 11 General Church and Home Mission Fund.— They are happy to be able to report an improve ment in this fund, the amount collected during the year being (inclusive of £5 3s. special contri butions) £173, as compared with. «£148 for 1870-1. This ia in a great measure owing to the system of receiving at the offertory on the first Sunday of every month an additional amount (generally Is.) wrapped in paper to distinguish it from the general collection, and also to the fact of special collections having been made for the same object. ' They are glad also to report that they have been enabled, for the first time in five years, to pay full scale in aid of clerical incomes for the half-year ended December 31, 1871. 'Mission to the Heathen.— There is also an improvement in the amount collected for this fund, being £125, as compared with £118 last year. Only 44 out of 6d churches have con tributed anything towards this fund. This is perhaps to be accounted for by the fact that the proceeds of the collections have in some instances been handed direct to the Treasurer of the Melanesian Mission. ' Endowment of Churches.— They are happy to be able to state that, owing to the liberality of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society, they have been enabled during the past year to endow partially the. Churcheg at Aapunda, Belvidere, Chiukford, Buagaree, Glenburn, and Gaiabierton, and to complete the endowments of those of Si. Mary's, South- road, WaTkerrille, O'Halloran Hill, Kensington, \ ttitoham, and WoUunga. ' '.' ' .? \ ; '. '?.. -. '. '?'?{ I'' , 'A. Adelaide, v .? i 'Chairman of Standing Committee. '/Adelaide, May 2, 1872.' . -..../. ,-\ ':' -v. ; .?'? - ADDENDUM. ' .. .-',;'.', ? ' . - * Since this report was drawn tho Secretary hasi received the following memorandum ':— ' The \ /Lttornevs of the S.P.G. have much regret in announcing to the Standing Committee of Synod that, in consequence of the fall in the rate of interest from 10 to 6 or 7 per cent., they are compelled to suspend their guarantee to the Prospective Endowment of Churches. They are ? prepared to fulfil their engagements already contracted.' ; . ' THASks TO THE BISHGP. ; Dean RussEixmoved— -,. j 'That the thanks of Synod are due to His LordBhip the 'Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, which, with the statistical ' returns,' be printed in the report.' . § - Mr. F. Wicksteed seconded the motion, j which was unanimously carried. ' j MOTION OF THANKS. ' \ Mr. E. B. Colley moved— l ' That the thanks of Synod be given to the ) Attorneys ef the Society for the Propagation of ? the Gospel, the. Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid j Fund, the Committees of the Melanesian Mis- ' sion, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library for their - report* and statistical returns, and that they be - received and published in .the report.' . ! Carried. , .UNION FOB PRATER. His Lordship brought under the notice of Synod copies of correspondence he had received from England in reference to a proposal for a union in prayer in May, 1872, similar to that held in December, 1869, at the time of the holding ef the (Ecumenical Council at Home. It was decided that there should be a debate on the subject next day. . K TITLES TO CHURCH PROPERTY. Mr. Neville Bltth proposed — 'That for the future, in the case of Churches seeking union with Synod, the land whereon the Church stands being under the provisions of the Heal Property Act, it shall be absolutely neces sary that the certificate of title be in the name of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated.' After some discussion the motion was carried, and the amendment for reference to the Com mittee npgatived. The House then adjourned for an hour. Evenixg Sitting. CLERICAL INCOMES. Mr. R. B. Collet moved— ' That with regard to clerical incomes, where there is an offertory at every Sunday service, every pound paid to the incumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let.' The Eev. T. Field seconded the motion. After discussion it was amended by the words 'from whatever source raised' being struck out, and the words 'fund raised within the district or congregation' being inserted. In that condition the motion was carried. STANDING COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee was elected by ballot as follows :— Ulergy— Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Dove, Canon Coombs, Revs. S. Green, W. W. Ewbank, H. Ptead, and J. Pollitt. Laity — N. Blytb, R. B. Colley, Dr. Gosse, C. E. Young, F. Wicksteed, L. W. Thrupp, G. 'W. Hawkes, Dr. Duncan, J. Bath, Hon. A. Blyth, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, W. J. Fullarton, G. M. Turnbull. Secretary— F. Wicksteed. Auditors— R. B. Colley and A. Spence. Trea surers— G. M. Turnbull and H. Dutton. SEPARATION OF CONGREGATIONS. The Rev. T. Field moved— 'That it is desirable that Synod should take action, under the direction of the Lord Bishop, to arrest the tendency towards the separation of the Church of England in South Australia intc independent congregations.' A vote by order was demanded on this ques tion and taken, and the motion was rejected; the mover and seconder only supported it. THE CATHEDRAL. The Rev. H. Read moved— 'That steps be taken to procure united action among all the clergy of the diocese towards assisting the Bishop in the erection of the Cathedral.' The motion was carried unanimously. THE ADELAIDE HOSPITAL. The Rev. H. Read moved— ' That one Sunday in the year (to be agreed upon) be set apart as a Hospital Sunday, when the claims of this institution may be advocated from the pulpit, and all religious bodies be appealed to to unite in the practice on one common day.' The motion was lost. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Mr. Young moved— ' That the Election Committee for the ensuing year be the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Rev. H. Read, Messrs. N. Blyth, Colley, and Thrupp.' Mr. Hawkes seconded. Carried. LACEPEDE BAY NATIVE MISSION. The Rev. T. Field moved— 'That the status of the Lacepede Bay mission is such that it is an urgent necessity that it should receive the attention of Synod with respect to the provision of funds.' Several notices of motion were given, and, after the benediction had been pronounced, Synod adjourned at a quarter to 10 o'clock till next day at 3. Second Day: Tuesday, May 7. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Lord Bishop at 3 o'clock. DISCD7LINE. The Archdeacon gave notice of motion : — ' That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration that portion of the Lord Bishop's address on the state of the Diocese respectirg discipline, the removal of clergymen, and ex changes of incumbency, and report thereon to the next Synod through the Standing Com mtttee.' UNITED PRAYER. The Orders of the Day were now proceeded with, and the Bishop called attention to 'the week of prayer proposed by the Hon. A. Kinnaird, with the approval of M. Merle D'Aubigne', for the reformed churches and missions.1' He had drawn up for the guidance of the Church here the following topics for united prayer, which was proposed for Whit Sunday, May 19, and the octave following : — 1\. That the Evangelical doctrines of salvation — our fallen state, faith in the atonement of the Cross, justification, and sanctification— may through the grace of the Holy Ghost become more living and effectual in all who profess and call themselves Christians. 2. That the personal communion of each of us with Christ may be true, so that each may be able to say with St. Paul, ' Christ dwelleth in me.' 3. That the Great Head of the Church may cleanse it from unbelief, Rationalism, and false doctrine in all its branches. 4. That in those countries, heathen cr others, where the written Word of God is kept back or unknown, it may have free course, to tha overthrow of ignorance and priest craft, idolatry, and superstition. 5. That God in His infinite mercy may restore to all Christendom, Greek, Roman and Reformed, liberty, truth, and love, that all may be 'one fold under one shepherd.' 'If ye ask any thing in my name I will do it.' Mr. N. Blyth moved a substantive resolution in tbeBishop's own words. CanonDovE seconded. The Kev. S. Green proposed as an amend ment — 'That inasmuch as the Church ef England does already in its daily services pray ' for the good estate of the Catholic Church, and that all who profess and call themselves Christians may be led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life,' a week of special prayer is unnecessary, and that this Synod urges the clergy and laity to unite in prayer daily throughout the year.' A vote by orders being taken, in favour of the amendment there voted the Revs. Green, Hawkins, Morse, Webb, Jenkins, Howitt, H. M. Pollitt, Boake, Scott, and Honner. Against it there voted of the clergy the Arch deacon, Dean Russell, Canons Farr, Dove, and Coombs, the Revs. Poole, Houghton, Donaldson, Miller, Ewbank, Field, Clayfield, J. Pollitt, and H. Read. Of the laity three voted for the amendment and 25 against it. The amendment being thus lost, the original motion was carried. The Bishop's suggested topics of prayer were I considered seriatim in detail, and accepted. I CONFERENCE. I The Bishop, who had before called attention to the subject,' referred to 'the Conference in .. Sydney. ,- Subjects , to be considered Court of Appeal and the status of colo nially-ordained clergy as to the Established Ghurch of England.' With reference to- this, His LospsBip proposed, and Canon Fabr seeonded— 'That this Synod do accept tho invitation of the Metropolitan toseudroprwjenta tnresof the laity and clergy to take part in the Conference to be held in Sydney in September, with reference to forming a Provincial Synod of the several Australian Dioceses.' His LonpSHJP reminded Synod how in 1871 Arohdeaoou Marryat and Canon Farr were selected to repre sent the clergy, and Messrs. Thrppp and Colley the laity. , Among the subjects for the Con ference would ; be :— 1. That the Clergy should have a Consensual Court of Appeal to a higher tribunal ; 2. The constitution of our own Metropolitan Court; and, 3. To preserve union with England and Ireland, what should be, the relation of the Metropolitan to the Primate of Canterbury so as to keep up organic unity. He desired to send an answer « they accepted the proposal to have a ganeral Synod or Conference. The motion was seconded by Canon Farb, was put, and carried. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide has been re quested to preach the opening sermon at tho Conference. MARRIAGE. , In the absence of tho Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. SCOTT asked, 'Whether any instructions havo been issued to the clergy in reference to the marriage of a man with the sister or the daughter of the sister of his deceased wife; and if so, will His Lordship lay such instructions before Synod.' The Bishop replied that this year ho had not issued any instruction. A year ago he stated his opinion that the lex loci did not supersede the obligations of ordination; that no clergyman could be compelled to perform such a marriage; and, in foro conscientiu, he did not think they ought to do it. MELANESIA. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, according to notice, moved— 'That this Synod, sympathizing with the conductors of the Melanesian Mission in the heavy trials through which they have recently passed, earnestly recommend the members of the Church in this Diocese to give their best aid to the efforts being made to provide a new mission ehip.' With respect to the notice 'That a letter of condolence be addressed to the representatives of the Melanesian Mission,' Canon Farr explained that he wished to make an addition and correction to the letter already written but not yet sent. Tho motions oom» bined were carried unanimously. Third Day: Wednesday, May 8. discipline. The first Order of the Dav was the motion of Archdeacon Marryat— 'tfhat a Committee bo appointed to take into consideration that por tion of His Lordship's address respecting dis cipline, tho removal of clergymen, and exchange of incumbency, and report thereon to the next Synod through the Standing Committee.' Carried, and the following were appointed to consider the subject and the question of super annuation :— The Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, Dean Russell, Canon Farr, Messrs. N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, and L. W. Thrupp. REPRESENTATIVES TO SYDNEY CONFERENCE. The Rev. S. Green moved— '1, That this Synod elect by ballot represen tatives to attend the Conference at Sydnoy in September next, and that a Committee bo appointed to consider what powers shall bo granted to them ; such Committee to report to the Standing Committee.' '2. .That tho representatives of this diocese be empowered to act in conformity with the report of General Synod Committee adopted by this Synod in May, 1869, and to act in such other matters as may be brought before such Confe rence or Synod, though not specified therein, subject only to the right of disallowance specified in minute 3 of clause 5, contained in the proceedings of Metropolitan and Bishops in Conference, 1868.' Mr.* THiturp seconded, and the motion was passed. Those duly elected by ballot were:— Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and R. B. Colley, Archdeacon Marryat, and Dean RuseelL EXCHANGES. Mr. Bosworth substituted the following resolution, which was passed unanimously —'That it is desirable that tboro should be a greater interchange of Sunday duties among the clergy than at present exists, and that this Synod requests the Lord BLihop with the Standing Committee to take the matter into consideration, in order to give it effect by procuring funds, and that regard be had especially to the Churches moro distant from Adelaide.' His Lobdshd? closed the session with tho benediction. Presbytery of South Australia. The annual meeting of Presbytery was held in the classroom of Flinders-street Church on Tuesday, 7th May, and was duly constituted; the Rev. A. Law, of Mount Barker, conducting devotional services. Present, with the Moderator —Ministers— Robert Haining, James Gordon, James Lyall, William Davidson, John Macbean, ? James Roddick, James Henderson (Clerk), John Davidson, and Peter McLaren ; Elders— Messrs. Brown, Craigie, Ogilvie, Kobertson, Lyon, and Logan. The former minutes were read and confirmed. Apology for absence was received from Mr. Duncan, Wallaroo. Commissions were received from Mount Barker, Flinders-street, Adelaide, Mount Pleasant, Chalmers Church, Adelaide, and Wallaroo, respectively appointing reprenon tatiye Elders to attend meetings of Presbytery during the ensuing year. The roll having been made up, the Moderator said he would address a few words to the Pres bytery before retiring from office. He gavo an [account of the condition of various agencies in connection with the Church, and also alluded to the education and precedency questions and to the death of the Rev. Ralph Drummond. At the close of his address, Mr. Law an. nounced that it only remained to him to nomi nate his successor, and he therefore had much pleasure in calling upon the Rev, Jas. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, to come forward and occupy the Moderator's chair. Mr. Roddick accordingly came forward, and amid the congratulations of his brethren assumed the Moderatorship of Presbytery. He thanked the Court for the honour it had conferred upon him, and, relying upon the forbearance of hia brethren, he would endeavour to discharge the duties of the chair to the best of his ability^ Mr. Macbean moved— 'That the thanks of Presbytery be tendered to Mr. Law for tho suitable address just delivered.' This being seconded, was cordially agreed to, end the thanks of Presbytery conveyed through the chair to Mr. Law. Mr. LYALL called attention to the circum stance that since last meeting the father of tho Presbytery, the Rev. Ralph Drummond, had been removed by death. After remark, it was agreed to record as follows:— 'The Presbytery having had its attention called to the decease of the Rev. Ralph Drummond, the first Presby terian minister who came to this colony, agree to put on record a cordial expression of regiird for hia memory. By his holy life, faithful, earnest preaching, and untiring active labours, he did good service to the cause of Christ in the early days of the colony. Firm and uncompro mising in his convictions of duty, he was never theless esteemed by all who knew him for his genial disposition and catholic spirit. He mani fested a deep interest in the uniting of the diffe rent branches of the Presbyterian Church in the colony, and continued to manifest that interest: in the welfare and prosperity of tho United Church till the time of his death. The Presby tery also express their sincere sympathy for bis bereaved widow and family.' Mr. Henderson reported— 'The Standing Committee appointed at last meeting of Pres bytery to meet with any Committee which may be appointed by the Free Presbyterian Church of South Australia or any other religious body held a meeting with a Committee of the Froo- Church of South Australia in the vestry of the Flinders-street Church on Monday, 6th instant, at 11 o'clock. Present— Rov. Messrs. J. and G. Benny and J. Sinclair, of the Free Church;, and Rev. Messrs. Haining, Davidson, and Henderson of the Presbytery of South Austra lia. The Convener (Mr. Macbean) through in durpogition was prevented from being present. Mr. Haining was called to preside. Mr. Hen deraoD, at the request of the Chairman, having opened the meeting with prayer,, suggested that ore be appointed to take notes in' i'i _ mm i i cf the proceedings, 'whereupon ^ Mr. Benny , spoke, stating that before proceeding further he : would call attention to what he considered a' bar to the contemplaced Union, and a bar. to further negotiations in the matter. The views of his Committee were embodied in a note, -which he had drawn up, and -which, with per mission, he would read. He then read the following note : — 'At the outset of conference; the Committee of the Free Presbyterian Church represent to the Committee of the Presbyterian Church that there exists a bar to union in the present for-, mula of the two Churches. 'cThe basis of union of the Presbyterian Church sots forth in Article III.— 'That the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, are the subordinate standards of this Church; but that in adopting ?these standards this Church is not to be held as approving of anything in them which maybe supposed to countenance peraacuting or in tolerant principles, or to deny or invade the right of private judfirnent.' The Committee of the Free Presbyterian Church would have liked to be able to interpret this qualifying clause: as a denial of the construction put upon the 23rd chapter of the Confession by some outside the Presbyterian Church in regard to the power, of the Civil Magistrate about religion. But they are precluded from doing this by finding that the Presbyterian Church itself has since adopted a formula for Ministers and Elders at ; Ordination, which contains, amongst others, this question—' Do you acknowledge the West minster Confession of Faith, and the Larger and Shorter Catechisms as an exhibition of the sense in which you understand the Holy Scrip tures; it being understood that you are not required to approve of anything in these docu ments which teaches, or is supposed to teach, ?compulsory or persecuting and intolerant prin ciples in religion?' — a clause greatly in excess of the other, and one that, in the opinion of the Free Presbyterian Committee, not only qualifies out of the Confession the doctrine already alluded to, but is capable of being extended to other doctrines contained in it. ' ' On the other hnnd.the ministersand other office-bearors of tho Free Presbyterian Church have subscribed a formula, and taken ordination vows binding them to 'sincerely own and be lieve the vi hole doctrine of the Confession of Faith,' 4-to be the confession of their faith, be lieving it to be in accordance with the Word of God;' and they do not regard tho Confession of Faith, or any portion of it, when fairly inter preted, as favouring intolerance or persecution, or consider that by subscribing it they profess any principles inconsistent with liberty of con science ami the right of private judgment. ''Jn name of the Committee of the Free Presbyterian Church, ' ? J amis Benxy, Convener.' Mr. Benny directed attention to the basis of union contemplated by negotiating Churches in Canada, anil iutimuted his readiness to accept of that basis in preference to the basis held by the Presl.ytt'rian Church of South Australia. After a few minutes' reasoning and explana tions, it was apparent to your Committee that in order to havo even a basis of negotiation it was necessary to contemplate a modification in your preseut basis of union: and as this was :tn alternative which your Committee felt they were not at liberty to canvass, tho proceedings terminated in limi?iC. Mr. Davidson closed with prayer.' It wa? moved, seer- ivled, and unanimously agTcetl — 'That Presbytsrr, having heard tho report of Committee on Union, approve of their conduct, anil express regret that, from the position taken by tho Free Presbyterian Church, union with that body is in the meantime im practicable.' Mr. Davidson (Chalmers Church) submitted a report in regard to the aged and infirm ministers' scheme. The report was received with expressions of satisfaction, and it was agreed that an annual collection be taken throughout the Churches on behalf of the scheme. The Treasurer of Presbytery submitted his annual report, from which it appeared that the Presbytery Fund was somewhat in arrear. Tho anuual report of the New Hebrides Mission was submitted by Mr. Lyall, and com mended to the liberality and prayers of the Church. Two of the theological students (Messrs. JIcEwin and Mitchell) appeared, and were sub jected to a protracted and searching examina tion in Latin and Greek classics, logic, mental philosophy, theology, and Church, history. The examiners declared themselves highly satisfied with the attainments and diligence of these students, and Presbytery cordially sustained those exercises as part of trial exercises for licence. Mr. Lyall called attention to the circum stance that a member of Presbytery (Mr. David Murray) had departed on a visit to Uritain, and he (Mr. Lyall) suggested that a commission be forwarded to him to represent Preebytery at the meetings of the Churches at home. Tho suggestion was adopted, and the Clerk instructed accordingly. Mr. D. Murray was commissioned to represent the Presbytery at the meetings of the Churches ot home. At tho close of the public meating Presbytery resumed, and proceeded to hear and review dis courses by Messrs. McEwin aud Mitchell as trial exercises for liconco as preachers in' connection with the Presbyterian Church. After a full and deliberate consideration, it was agreed that the exercises in cumulo be sus tained, and that the Moderator proceed to put tho questions in the formula, and license the students according to the forms and usage3 of the Church. Accordingly, after solemn prayer, the Mode rator did declare Mr. Mitchell a licentiate of the Presbyterian Church ; and inasmuch as a eall lies on tho Presbytery table addressed to Mr. Mitchell from Clare, it was moved, seconded, and agreed that the call be sustained and placed in his hands. Mr. Mitchell de clared his acceptance of the call, and trial discourses for ordination appointed him. The proceedings then closed with prayer. Tuk Evening Meeting was held in the church at 7 p.m., and the attendance was moderate. The Rev. J. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, presided. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Jefferis, ?-. MacBeau; P. McLaren, J. Gordon, and C. B. Symes. Free ? Presbyteelan Church. The ordinary meeting of the Presbytery in John Knox's Church, Morphett Vale, on Tues day, May 7, at 10 a.m., was opened with praise, reading:, and prayer. There were present: — Tho Revs. J. Sinclair, Moderator; G. Benny, Minister; Messrs. A. Anderson and A. MoCallum, Ruling Elders; and the Clerk, Rev. J. Benny. RKPORTS. The Clerk reported that thanksgiving services for tto harvest had been held throughout the 1 omuls of the Presbytery on February 25, when special collections were made on behalf of the Scottish Reformation Society; also that he had visited the South-Eastern District, and, as appointed, dispensed the Lord's Supper .to the members of the Church located noar Morambro cu Marcli 24. Sixteen communicated, and now that in conjunction with Kingston they had secured the services of a Free Church, minister, the spiritual need of an increasiug Presbyterian population would be adequately supplied. The Convener of the . Committee on Umon re ported that they met the Committee of the Presbyterian phurch in preliminary conference on. the preceding day, and tabled a note which will bo found recorded in the proceedings of the Presbytery of South Australia. A conversational discussion of some length, conducted in a firm but conciliatory : manner on : both sides, resulted in the understand ing that tho Committee' would report the note to theic respective Presby Series. The .Convenor's report was approved! . The Freo Presbytery -sustained the finding of their Committee thtit there is a bar to union, thanked them for their diligence, and discharged them. The Rev. G. Benny reported that ia conse quence of the illness of the Clerk he preached at Yankalilla last .Lord's Day, and declared the Church vacant in consequence of the transla tion of Mr. Sinclair to the South-East. The 3'resbytery appointed the Cleik to be interim moderator of the Session and Deacons' Courts there. ? ' . The Moderator reported that further anni versary services., had beon held at ilyponga Jetty Church in March, the proceeds of' which i educed the outstanding debt on the building to £10. Some repairs were being made on the root, which would take a small sum. The Clerk reported that he had. received from' the Treasurer of the Aldinga Deacons' Court £10 10s. for supply. The Court granted further supply on the application of Elder McCallum; the arrangements as formerly to be left in the hands of the Clerk. EXAMINATION'. ' , ; The Presbytery then withdrew and examined the John Knox S*chool ' The minutes having been read and the next: ordinary meeting announced, the Court was closed with prayer. ? ' ' ' Immediately after a conferencer-for prayer; was held in view of the departure of the Rev. Mr. Sinclair to his new field of labour. Earnest supplications were made by the several members of Presbytery that the Lord's guidance and blessing might be given to their yeung and beloved brother, also the flock* he is about to leave. A considerable congregation joined in the solemn act. '.',? ..'..- ; The Congregational Uinoy and Home Mission. - * ; The annual meetings of the above Society: were commenced on Wednesday evening in the Hindmarsh- square Congregational Church. At a quarter-past 7 The Business Meeting \ began. Proceedings were opened by the Chair man for the past year, the Rev. C. Manthorpe, who, after a hymn had been sung, led the assembled congregation in the usual devotional exercises. He then retired in favour of the Rev. F. W. Cox, Chairman-elect for the next year. Upon the motion of the Rev. J. Howie, seconded by Rev. -M. Williams, B.A., a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the retiring Chairman for his efficient discharge of the duties of the office during the year. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Rev. F. W. Cox, who on taking the chair was warmly greeted/ then delivered the annual address. On the motion of the Rev. C. Manthorpe, seconded by the the Rev. J. Gibson, a cordial vote of thanks was given to Mr. Cox for his address. secretary's retort. The Rev. E. Griffiths read the Secretary's report as follows: — 'assisted churches. 'The first important duty that fell to the new Committee to discharge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecu niar)' assistance. Out of the estimated income of the Union the following grants were made for tho year which closed March 31 :— 'Milamr. £75. This sum was voted in consi deration of the failure of the crops in the dis trict, and because of the recent settlement of Rev. T. Davies as pastor, on the understanding, however, that the sum of £25 should be deducted from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church the next year. After a service of 15 months, having resolved to resign the pastorate and return to England, and fear ing the Church might suffer in consequence of the condition which he understood to be at tached to a portion of tho above grant, Mr. Davies offered to refund to the Union the said sum of £25; the Committee declined to consider his offer, and decided not to insist on any such con dition. Besides the above grant from the ordinary funds of the Mission, the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few members of Com mittee, on behalf of Rev. C. D. Watt, late of Milang, now through age and infirmity retired from the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services — Milang, 90; Point Sturt, 45. The amount raised for all purposes— Milang, £107 18s. 10d.; Point Sturt. £25. Early in the year 1871 the 17 communicants were formally constituted a church, to which 19 members were subse quently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vols. ; a Bible class with an average attendance of 16; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. ' Happy Valley, £40. Rev. C. Hall reports the financial position of the Church, as com pared with the year before, ' a little better,' and spiritually 'much more encouraging. Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Church mem bers, 39; a 'prosperous' Sabbath- school with 80 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7£d. 'The Church is far from being afelo at present to maintain its minister, on account of its poverty.' 'Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills, £75. These Churches are unitedly undor the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who, reports that the Church at Port Victor has ' suffered through removals and depression in trade;' that the Church at Encounter Bay is 'about the. same;' and that Bald Hills Church has ' declined ver y much through loss of crops and removals.' The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13, S, 12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 28 and 3, 39 and 5. Amounts raised during the year— Port Victor, £61 18s. 4id.; En counter Bay, £18 0s. Cd.; Bald Hills (including £6 Vs. from the Sabbath-school), £26 IPs. Mr. Hodge adds, ' wo have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs are much more pressing that they were last year.' ' 'Kadina, £30. Tho average attendance on Lord's Day is at Kadina, 125; at Green's Plains, 40'; Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. Tho position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, 'slightly improved in almost every respect.' The Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has now become self-sustaining. Mr. Hall, Finance Secretary, writes— 'I am requested by the pastor and members of the Kadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to inform you that at the expiration cf the present grant they will not require any further aid.' 'Goolwa, £25. This Church, under the pastorate ? of Eev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60 ; the members number 20 ; the Sabbath-school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighbourhood, 'the number attending public worship is increasing.' 'High- street, Kensington. In addition to the above grants voted early in the financial year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church. Rev. W. Nicholls reports that during the nine preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9 : and that the congregation has doubled. Assistance at the present time from the funds of the Union is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will ' cheerfully' do so. ' Alma Plains. An application for a grant of £50 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial service, is about to secure a settled pastor. 'Houghton. This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents' of the Home Mission. Shipley will now probably be again taken up by tho Home Mission, Rev. E. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastorate. ?Mr. McEwin reports an improvement in the attendance, which now averages 25. A. weekly Bible class of ' from eight to 10 lads' is held ; also a Sabbath-school of 70 scholars and nine teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is ' on the whole much better' than it was last year. 'The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay— the only spot in the South-East where Independency has established a footing — offered a field of labour that overreached the powers of any one - man/ iand that if the Society could send out a qualified young man to co- operate with the Rev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards his support, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Committee for believing that the request would meet with the favourable I consideration of the Society. No reply has been received beyond a formal aoknowleagaient o£ receipt of application,- ia which. hoTF9n«r. tho Secretary, Itev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear i Chat the state of the Society's finances would ' not permit the granting of such assistance, ' but that he would bring the matter before the '. Executive of the Society at their earliest meeting. , , ' MINISTERIAL TRAINING. 'The Committee resolved, June 13th, that it : was desirable 'to encourage and assist a few ? suitable young men, members of our Churches, i to prepare themselves for the Christian ministry ;' ' and that to secure this end it was further desir- : able to obtain if possible the co-operation of other denominations; and that the Baptist and Presbyterian bodies should be invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. : Favourable replies having been received, ' delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared a few recommendations, which were accepted by the Baptist Association, the : Presbytery, and, at the half-yearly meeting, our own Union. , A council composed of six repre- '. sentatives of each of these three bodies was formed, and the result has been made public in : the prospectus of ' Union College.' 'ministers' provident fund. 'The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of the pastorate, was brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations were then created that some influential member of Committee would prepare and take charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeated delays and disappoint ments it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Fund of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis for the consideration of the question; and, as Rev. J. C. McMichael, of Gawler, had till recently resided in Victoria, he was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly contented. A general discussion at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, McMichael, Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present meeting. 'rules of the union. ' The attention of the Committee was early called to the desirability of amending the By laws so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more carefully the method of con ducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of officers and Committee for election at the annual meetings, &c.; A list of revised By-law3 was in course of consideration, when— the in adequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed and acknowledged— it was withdrawn in favour of a more comprehensive list of rules, in which the most important element of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised rules have for some time been in the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. REVIEW. In closing, the report congratulated the Stow Church upon the arrival of the Rev. C. B. Symes, alluded to the return of the Rev. T. Davies to England, to the temporary absence of the Rev. A. Scales from the province, to the appointment of Mr. J. A. Dowie to the pastorate of Alma Plains Church, and to the fact that no deaths had occurred amongst Independent ministers. The Rev. J. Jeffesis, LL.B., moved the adoption of the report, which he regarded as a masterly digest of the year's transactions. He coupled with this motion that the debate on the report be postponed until next day. Mr. A. Stow seconded. Carried. FINANCIAL RETORT. Mr. G. ScRYMGOUR was sorry that his having to read the 'financial report was in consequence of the departure from amongst them of Mr. Gore. The balance-sheet showed that they commenced the year with a balance in hand of £70 0s. 3d. ; subscriptions for the year were £272 10s. 7d., making a total income of £342 10s. 10d. The sums expended were— Grants to Churches, £255; other expenses. £50 lls. 7d. — making in all £305 lls. 7d., which left a balance in hand of £36 19s. 3d. Mr. A. Stow moved that the report be adopted and the discussion postponed until next day. Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T. Flint stated that the balance sheet showed them to be in an exceptional position, for they had a balance to credit of £60 18s. Id. Their monthly sale he estimated at £13, and the cost of printing £10, thus leaving a profit every month of £3. CHATEL BUILDING SOCIETY'S REPORT. Mr. C. Smedley, in submitting this report, had pleasure in stating that the increase of funds was £61 0s. 6d. The Churches aided were all in a healthy position, and would repay the amounts owing when they became due. No new bequest had been made during the year, but it was pleasing to know that the Society in its previous years had largely helped impoverished Churches, and he reasonably hoped that its claims would be re cognised by those who had acquired largely. Last year the assets were £1.536 2s. 10d. This year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., making the balance of £61 0s. 6d. The assets were— Loans, £1,492 4s. 3d.; interest, £61 7s. 10d.; rent, £i 4s.; Bank, £35 lls. 10d.; and cash in hand, £3 8a. 5d. The securities had been examined, and the accounts audited and found correct. It was gratifying to add that the co3t of working the Society for 13 years had been under 20s. per year, and that no misunderstanding nor dispute had ever occurred. The debate on the subject was adjourned. Thursday, May 16. The Adjourned Business Meeting . commenced, presided over by the Rev. F^ W. Cox. After singing and prayer, the Rev. E. Griffiths stated that apologies had been re ceived from tho Eevs. W. Wilson, S. L. Harris, and D. Milne, who were unable to attend. He also wished to introduce to the Union some who were present for the first time— the Rev. C. B. Symes, of the Stow Memorial Church; tho Rev. J.' Lloyd, of Wallaroo; and Mr. Dowie, the pastor-elect of Alma Plains. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., and Mr. Dowie were then received into the Union. The minutes of the last meeting were taken as read and then confirmed. ADJOURNED DISCUSSION 0X CHAIRMAN'S i ?' , ADDRESS. ! The speakers at the adjourned discussion were the Rev. C. B. Symes, Mr. R. Saarle, Mr. J. Storrie, Revs. J. C. McMichael, J. Jefferis, and E. Griffiths, Messrs. A. Hay, W. Harcus, Rev. C. W. Evan, Mr. Dowie, jun., and the Rev. H. Cheetham. A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. Mr. Cox for his address. DISCUSSION ON THE GENERAL REPORT. A paragraph was added to the report, inti mating that the Rev. J. C. McMichael had be come permanent pastor of the Gawler Church. PRESBYTERTAN AND BAPTIST DEPUTATIONS. , The Revs. Jas. Lyall and J. Davidson attended, on behalf of the Presbyterian Churches, as a deputation to express the Christian sympathy and brotherhood of the South Australian Pres bytery towards the Congregational Union. They were introduced by the Rev. E. Griffiths, who accorded them a hearty welcome. After brief addresses from Messrs. Lyall and Davidson/the Rev. C. Manthorpe moved that the Chairman and the Rev. J. Jefferis be a deputation to the next meeting of the Presby tery, to express on behalf of the Congregational Union kindly sympathy and fraternal greeting. The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded. Carried. Subsequently the Rev. C. B. Symes and E. Griffiths was appointed a deputation to attend the next meetings of the Baptist Association. : REPORTS. 'The magazine, financial, and Chapel Building Society's reports were adopted. ? ELECTION OF COMMITTEE AND OFFICERS I The following gentlemen were elected for the: ! year :— Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Secretaries/ the Rev. E. Griffiths and Mr. A* Stow; Finance' Secretary, Mr. G. Scrymgour, jun.; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Anderson and & Whitmore. A1 vote of thanks was passed to the late Finanee Secretaries, Messrs. Buik arid Gall; Chairman —Rev. E. Griffiths, - |Upon the motion of Mr. Stobrib, seconded by the Rev. C. W; Evak, it was resolved thaV irrespective of the Committee elected that day ail ministers in connection with the Union' should be ex ojjicU members- of the Committee. The following gentlemen were elected as the' Committee:— The Revs. C. W. Eran, J. Jefferis/ C. Maathorpe, C. B. Symes, Cheetham, A!. Softies, MoMichaei, Ferguson, Messrs. A; t Ajifuasofl, J. A. Chattier, T. Caterer. H. -D&w.; \- .' ? ? ??- : » :. ? ??-? -? ?-?-?????'- --' ???--- — -'-?-. -. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, J. Srosse, W. Newbold, G. Phillips, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, J. Storrie, D. Robin, and J. M. Stacy. REPORT OF UNION COLLEGE. 'The six delegates appointed by this Union it its last half-yearly meeting met those ippointed respectively by the Baptist Union md the Presbytery of South Australia. The Council thus composed, after preliminary neetings, passed resolutions (which have been published in the prospectus). In accordance with these resolutions an appeal has been made privately to many of our leading citizens^ In nost cases a generous response has been given. Che Council entertain no fears but that suffi :ient means will be provided, partly by an En lowment Fund, and partly by subscriptions xom Churches and individuals, to carry on the pork so auspiciously commenced. The most iberal donor (Captain Hughes) holds out hopes )f giving, at no distant date, a sum sufficient for building and partial endowment. The Council have taken offices in Temple-Chambers, 3urrie-etreet, suitable for temporary class rooms. In these, during the present session, the classes will meet. Classes for the study of English literature and mental and moral philo sophy, of mathematics and natural science, md of the Greek Testament have been already formed. It is hoped that very shortly a class will be started, in addition to the others, for the study of the classics. Ten or twelve students tiave already applied for admission, several of these being already engaged in preaching.' The Rev. C. B. Symes moved, and the Rev. C. Manthorpe seconded, that the report be idopted and printed, with the best wishes of the Union for the prosperity of the College. Carried. . Resolved, that it be a recommendation from the Union to the various Churches to contribute to the College as often as practicable by sub* scriptions or collections. '. / Mr. R. Searle was appointed on the Council In the place of Mr. A. Stow, resigned. REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE ON MINISTERS PROVIDENT FUND. After discussion, it was resolved that the scheme be referred back to the General Com mittee to take action upon it immediately. ROLL OF MEMBERS. The roll of ministers and delegates present was made up as follows:— . . Stow Memorial , Church — Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B. A., Messrs. G. Anderson, D. Robin, VV. Palmer, H. Dean, M. Goode, A. Adamson, A. Hay, W. T. Flint, J. Tasker, sen., and H. A. Crawford. North Adelaide— Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. J. M. Anderson, A. Dowie, J. Porter, W. Bruce, R. Searle, G. Phillips, A. S. Devenish, T. Frost, T. Grose, J. T. Shawyer, T. W. Harris, and J. F. Conigrave. Hindmarsh-square— ReY. F. W. Cox, Messrs. C. Smedley, J. A. Chartier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, sen., G. Scrymgour, jun., J. M. Stacy, G. Miller, C. Scrymgour, and W.D.Allott. Glenelg— Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. Jas. Storrie and F. Caterer. Port Adelaide — Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, Grosse, Michelmore, and Stone. Hindmarsh — Messrs. J. Pickering, M.P., J. Mitton, J. Aston, J. Vardon. Kensington (High-street) — Rev. W. Nicholls, and Messrs. Packham and Cowman. Kensington (Clayton Chapel) — Rev. E. Griffiths, Messrs. A. Stow, and G. Wood. Gawler— Rev. J. C. McMichael, and Messrs. J. Davis, J. Dawkins, B. E. Deland, J. Finch, W. Malcolm. Salisbury— Rev. J. R. Ferguson, and Mr. T. McCauley. Kapunda— Rev. M. Williams, B.A., Messrs. D. Will, Small, and Cameron. Maclarcn Vale — Rev. J. Howie, and Messrs. T. Colton and J. Brown. Truro— Rev. P. Barr. , Wallaroo— Rev. J. Lloyd. Alma — Mr. J. A. Dowie. ' Happy Valley— Rev. C. Hall and Mr^ Klose. ( Port Elliot and Goolwa — Rev. J. Hotham. Milang and Point Sturt— Mr. B. F. Cameron ? and Mr. C. BlackwelL Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald Hills — Eev. C. Hodge, Messrs. G. S. Read and R. Allen, jun. Angaston and North Rhine— Rev. J. Gibson. Personal members — Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Rev. W. Harcus, and Rev. H. Cheetham. Evening Meeting. A well-attended tea meeting was followed by a largely-attended public meeting held in the church. The Rev. F. W. Cox presided. Various ministers spoke upon appropriate topics. South Australian' Baptist Missionary ?; Society. The annual meeting of this Association was held at Flinders-street Cliapel on Thursday evening, May 16. A well-attended tea took place in the main building and the public gathering in the Lecture Hall adjoining. The walls were hung with coloured pictures of struc tures and familiar scenes in India. There was a. crowded attendance, and Mr. A. S. Neill presided. , The Secretary, (the Rev. J. N. Birks) then read the annual report of the operations at Furreedpore. The following is a condensation of the report for 1871 supplied by Koylass Chunder Mitter, the Superin tending Agent in Furreedpore, India, of the South Australian Baptist Missionary Society— ' During the early part of the year Hera Saul Mitter was laid aside by illnes3, and at-present can only labour in the neighbouring villages and in the Police Hospital, where, how ever, ho is well received. At the same time I visited more distant villages,, sometimes ac companied by Nathoo Christian, the colporteur, and have always been gladly received, especially by a Baroi (cultivator of the betel-leaf plant), who often invites us in, that as we speak to him about the Saviour all his family may hear. A young man in the Government School here named Punchanun Biswas, by caste a Kiryastba, has openly confessed his faith in the Lord. On his first coming to lodge with me he was forcibly taken away and sent back to his relatives. But he returned, and was baptized on May 23. Three more young men and one married man are willing to take refuge under the banner of Jesus Christ. Another young man came to be baptized, but was removed by his relatives, and writes entreating us to send for him that he may unite with the Christians. The married man has also written, expressing ha wish to remove with his family to the mission at Fur reedpore that they may there be baptized. Itinerant preaching has been continued. In August, preaching at various places on the route, we went to Goalunda, but could do little there on account of the inundations. During vacation in October, Punchanun, Nathoo Christian, and myself went towards the north cast, visiting the villages along the River Midoo niotee. At Mamudpore the Postmaster, who is neither a Hindoo nor a Brahmo, and who had heard a little of Christianity from an uncle, read a book we lent him, and bought a New Testa ment. We promised to send him a Bible. May God bless it to him. Nathoo Christian, Pun chanun Biswas, and Hera Saul Mitter went on a third tour, of which the latter sends the fol lowing account : — * We left home on November 11, and in the evening preached to a number of cultivators by the river side. Next day we reached Goalunda, where we remained several days preaching and conversing with the shop keepers as opportunity offered. One Bible and 15 portions of the Word were sold, and ab-jut 60 tracts distributed. On the 14th I visited the European inhabitants, and selected a piece of land, , which has since been granted, on which to establish-a branch mission. Re turning to Furreedpore, we preached at the Taoia Bazaar. On our next trip we sailed on fthe Ganges, and landed at Daboonuffonc, where we talked with those who came to the river; and, though the Mohammedan3 were at first going to beat us, they were presently appeased. We also preached at the haut. Nine portions of Scripture were sold and 70 tracts distributed. On the 17th, at Bomdoriah, many Hindoos; Mohammedans, and Roman Catholics heard us attentively, and some of the last, who know little about the Bible, came for copies of the Scripture:;. We also preached at Bariah Khally, and in the evening I visited the Uomau Catholic missionary at Bomdoriab, who seems to be a devout Christian. I had several conversations with him about auricular confession and prayers to the Virgin. On our return journey we preached here aad there, arriving at Furreedpore -M November 21,' The good aomofcuods dooo by the distribution of religious books iiillus- ' , tratedbyamookhtir, or pleader, who obtained I ' & Bible, out of which he read a chapter every i day. The book was stolen from him, and when he wanted to bring the thief before tho authori- : ties, his neighbours objected, saying, 'What will you do with the book? Do you want j to become a Christian?' He replied, 'I have a great regard for the book, for it is a treasure of valuable doctrine. I , io not know whether or not I shall become a Christian, but I wish to keep the book in my Family that my children by reading it may hore ifter become Christians.' At Furreedpore divine service has been regularly conducted twice avery Sunday, and one has been admitted to the Church by baptism. We sometimes^ have Bindoo and Mohammedan hearers, but, owing to the conversion of Punchanun Biswas, not in mch large numbers as last year. A Sunday school has also been established. Though we regret the departure of Mr. C. A- Kelly, the !ate Magistrate and Collector, we rojoicethat jut ' Poor Fund' has gained a like friend in his successor, Mr. W. S. Wells. We distributed ibout 30 rupees' 'worth of clothes for the winter from the fund in November. There being no means of subsistence for native converts, we had to raise a sum for the maintenance of Punchanun Biswas. I intended to establish a fund for con rerts, but the subscriptions received were too 3mall. The following is a statement of ac counts :— Poor Fund— Receipts, 129 rupees; expenditure, 108 rupees 13 as. 6 p. ; balance in hand, 20 rupees 2 as. 6 p. Sustenance Fund —Receipts, 47 rupees ; expenditure, 35 rupee* 2 as. 3 p.; balance in hand, 11 rupees 13 as. 9 p. ''KOYLASS (JHUNDKR MlTTER.' The Treasurer (Mr. J. Cmnming) presented thr- financial statement, giving the receipts at £100 9s. 5d., including a donation of £12 from the Bible Translation Society. A draft for £77 had been forwarded to India, and after all expenses were met a balance of £20 3s. 4d. remained. He pointed out that more agents had been appointed, and urged the necessity of increasing the subscription during the coming vear. The Rev. J. Gbegson, who has lately arrived in the colony, gave an exceedingly interesting account of the progress of the mission. A collection was made, and The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved that the un dermentioned gentlemen 1m appointed for the following year, with power to add to their num ber :— Secretaries, Rev. J. N. Birks and Mr. S. Summers; Treasurer, Mr. Jas. Cumming; Com mittee, Revs. S. Mead, J. L. Pasons, H. J. Lambert, W. O. Aphton, and W. Hack, Messrs. W. K. Thomas, D. Fowler, J. Neill, J. Kentish, E. S. Wigg, F. Barnes, and F. Hann. Mr. D. Fowler seconded, and the motion was carried. The proceedings then closed in the usual manner. , London Misssioxary Society. The annual meeting ot the above Association was held on Monday evening, April 29, in the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church. There was but a small attendance, probably owing to a large meeting being held the same evening in the Town Hall. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland was absent in consequence of a sudden attack of illness. Mr. C. Suied'ey presided. The Financial Secretary (Mr. D. Robin) read the statement of receipts and ex penditure as follows: — Total receipts, £419 16s. lid., which included a balance from last year of £15 3s. 3d.; Sunday-school contributions, £257 14h. Id. ; and do. from Churches, £89 7s. 7d. The expenditure amounted to £370 18s. 6d., which included an amount remitted to Mr. Sunderland, £295; ;paid to Aborigines' Friends' Association, £30; ' Yorke'8 Peninsula Mission, £20 ; leaving a balance in hand of £48 18s. 5d. He called attention to the difference between the Church and the Sunday-schools. Last year the former contributed £159 against £89 this, whilst the Sunday-school sent in £148 against £257. The Rev. J. Jefferis read tho annual re port, from which we take extracts: — 'Your Committee may be allowed to express its conviction that at no previous period in the history of the Parent Socioty have its resources been more judiciously expended, or its labours more effectively carried on. Under God we believe this to be chiefly due to the wise administration of the present Secretary, Dr. Mullens, who, himself a missionary, has joined a ripuned missionary experience with admuiistra tive talent of no common order. May Christ long continue him at his honourable post. Our work has been carried on as horetoforein certain great centres of the world's population, and in the scattered islands which break the waves of the Northern and Southern Ocean. Tho number of English missionaries employed will afford some clue to the amount of labour expended on the various provinces of heathendom. In India ttere are 49, in South Africa 32, in the South Seas 27, in Madagascar 2-i, in China 18, and in the West Indies 13. This gives a total of 162 European muwioua ries. To this must be added nearly 100 native ministers and pastors, Eonio distinguished for their excellence, and 1,100 othor ovaiv^olistH, catechists, and preachers.' After alludiDg to missions to India, China, and Madagascar, the re report proceeds: — 'Your Committee rejoices that the British Government has determined to put down the traffic inhuman lives, which has taken place in the islands of Polynesia. It is de nounced as piratical, and all who engage in it will be liable to be dealt with as pirates. This mission to New Guinea is among the most important efforts made during the past year for the extension of Christianity. Sir years ago your Secretary urged upon the Rjv. S. Macfarlane, then our missionary at Lifu, the claims of this great island, one of the largest in the world. Already the thought and desire had been at work in his own mind. Since then he has laboured steadily towards tho accom plishment of the object. The many difficulties succumbed to his energy.and zeal, and ia July of last year Mr. Macfarlane, in company with Mr. Murray, one of the oldest missionaries in the South Seas, visited New Guinea. They had a favourable reception from the islaudora. 'There was perfect confidence. The men crowded around us to have their curiosity gratified, and the women peered at us from the upper storeys of their houses.' Our ideas of the inhabitants of the vast archipelago to tho north of Australia are mainly borrowed from our knowledge of the degraded Australian races. But these are very falte. Some of the houses made by tho people of New Guinea are 3-*'O feet in length. The inhabitants are a mild, inoffen sive looking race, and industrious too, if wo may judgo from the abundance of food they scetn to possess. Native teachers from Samoa have bgea placed on Warrior Island and the Islands of Tauan and Saibai, very near the mainland, tho people of which are connected by marriage and trade with the Papuan race3 of New Guinea. This mission is not without special signiacance for us. New Guinea is separated from North Australia by no wider interval than Torro3 Straits. Our vessels passing to the Northern Territory proceed almost within sight of it. The Iacd is said to be rich y.d fertile. There are mountains that rise almost to the height of Mont Blanc, in the European Alps, and these are confidently believed to be rich in goldbear ing strata.' Not many months since an expedi tion was fitted out in Sj'dnpy to explore this .unknown land, which, as we sadly remember Was wrecked somewhere off the coa3t with a terrible loss of. h'fe. There can be no doubt whatever that this great island, with a southern coast- line of nearly 2,G00 udle3 stretching imme diately opposite Northern Australia, cannot but exercise an important influence on our settle ments there. ; , : ; The Eev. J. nLNDEnsox moved-r-',That tluV meeting approves of the report, and commends the Society and its work to the blessiu'-' nnd care of Christ.' ° ' ? IThe Rev. F. W.'Cos seconded. ?- iTne Rev. C. B.' Symes moved— : I' That this meeting. rejoices to hear^ that the London Missionary Society ta3 commkiced a misiicn ^ in' New Guinea, and .trusts thnt the i»lave traffic, which has been so wickedly carried on in Polynesia, will never destroy the influence of, Christianity in that largo and important island.' ' . '??' ' - CK jMr.R. Searlk seconded. -- : ' ' |Mr. S. Whitmork moved, and Mr.D^Roaux scjc«nded — ,-.-' ..n. ..,.?? ,? ? ?'. ''?' - \- l'That the following be the officers aad Com natteebf the Society. for ?.[$»; ensuing yaarO ..treasurer, Mr. A'. Hay :'; Secretaries, Bjv. * J. efferis and Mr. D. Robin ; Committee, Bevs \ W: Cox, H. Cheetham, C. B. Byrnes, E. iriffiths, S. L. Harris, J. Jefferis, and Meww. l. Hay. A. Adamson, J. Frost, R. Searle, G. p. -oolette, M. Goode, J. Pickering, M.P., D. tobin, S. Whitmore, C. Smedley, J. M. Dowio, nd H. Phillips.' All the resolutions were carried mm. con. A collection was made, and tho meeting losedin the usual manner. Aborigines' Friends' Association. On^ Friday evening, April 26, the annual reetrng of this Society was held at the Town lall Exchange Room. Mr. C. JJ. YOUNG pro dded. oSe ^J* J W' Cox (fey req™Bt of the Seore £vl extawsta ^l_annual rePo»-t, from which we ' ''Agriculture.-In common with the rest of ;he province we have suffered from partial railure of the crops, and after all the labours of ;be year, and the 'long patience' ofthe husband nan, it has pleased God to withhold the er aected increase. The barley crop only amounted to about ten bushels to the aore, and tho ffheat to between four and five ; the former meeting with a ready sole at fc. 3d. a bushel. Reference to the balanoe jheet will show that the total proceeds of farming operations amount to £332, of which ivool and sheepskins realized £127. It must, however, be borne in mind that the sales by no means represent the whole, advantage to tho mission, as the sheep have furnished mutton md tho wheat flour to tho very largo esta blishment now maintained there. There wore resident on the station at the date of the last returns 49 persons, composing families perma nently located there, and 14 single men. Of these most have been under regular sohool instruction at some period of their lives, and 19 jan read and write; 17 aro represented as being lble to *read a little' or 'read ia the New Testament,' and most of the others are young children. In addition to these, the monthly iverago of natives on tho location has been 13&, against 106 of the previous year; the loweat number being 88, and tho highest 204 in any one month. These outside blacks aro or havo been in numerous cases and to a considerable extent dndor civilizing and roligious teaching, and the amount of elevating influence brought to bear on their minds by the various ngoncios iround cannot bo without its good effocts. An increasing desire is felt by many of theso poor Fellows to settle down on tho location as a permanent homo, as several havo done ulready rery happily. ] ' On this subject Mr. Taplin says in a recent letter: — * I think wo had better turn tho bora into two cottages, as winter is comiug on, and they aro urgently aud soroly needed ; but ovon. then wo should need more cottages. Wo waut at least four more, and could well do with six. Theso are needed in addition to tho 10 cottages already occupied by nutivo families forming tho village ot Reid Town.' ' A native of Western Australia named Philip has been received for a tinio in tho establishment, at the request of the Trustees of tho Poonindio Mission. 'School. — Tho boarding- school appears to maintain its efficiency a»d with incroaaod numbers, thcro being now 41 children iu atten dance againEt 2G of tho previous year. Thcro are 22 Voys aud 19 girls, and Mr. Taplin writos:— 'I can take in do more, for I am sadly in want of room, and it makes my heart ead to turn uico intolligont children away who como to us for instruction because I can't tako them. Surely if there bo anjr duty binding upon the community it is to give these natives education, and to rescue them from b.'irbarism and ignorance. It must nob bo understood that these numbers rcpresont tho whole of the natives receiving school instruction, for tho nominal return of those undor day or eveniug school-teaching shows— 2-3 boys, 17 girls, 26 young men, 15 women— total under constant instruction 81. 'Spiritual Work. — Your Committee have thankfully to rocord increase in this the most important part of the mission work at Point Macleay. The Gospol of Jesus Cliriat our Lord has not been preached in vain among tho heathen there, but it has boon the power of God unto salvation to many. The Christiau lellow.ship reported last year as 40 in number, consisting of 20 blacks and 20 whitos, has now grown to 50— having now 30 native profossors of tho name of Christ, 13 of whom havo boon received during the year; and it is not uninte resting to notice that the natives havo purchased additional communion plato and a font for baptisms by their own unaided effort. Mr. Taplin bears testimony to tho evidcut olfoots of Christianity upon tho lives of these people thus : — ' 1 am grateful to God that the conduct of tha native Church-members has been very consis tent. Instances whore roproof or correction was needed have been been remarkably fow and easily dealt with.' The evidence of respect and affection manifested by tho natives to Mr. Tapliu during his recent illnosu should not be passed over. Special funds v/cro needed to enable the, missionary pastor to travel for his health, and the sum of over £16 was raited spontaneously by the nativos among themsolvcs for this purpose. The at tendance at tho ordinary religious services appears to have been good, tho Sunday atten diinco of the last twelve months ranging botwocu 90 in November and 72 iu February last, about one-sixth of tho congregation being white poople. 'Tho Committee not only thus make their report to their constituents, but they would also make their appeal to the religious and benevolent public of this colony. Mr. M. Goode presented the balance-shoot, from which it appeared that the rccoipts had been*' £1,206 16s. 2d., and the expenditure £1,200 12s. 9d. The Rev. J. Lyall moved— ' That tho roport bo adopted, printed, and circulated under tho direction ol tho Coin mittee.' Mr. A. Gore soconded. The Pvcv. P. McLaiien proposed — ?'That this meeting recognizes the strong claims which aboriginal missions havo upon the sympathy and support of the Christian people of this colony, rejoices in the degree of blessing which God ha3 been pleased to bestow upon the labours of the Aborigino3f Friends' Association, and commends its work to the sympathy, the contributions, and tho prayers of all who are interested in tho welfare of the natives of this land.' Tho Rev. C. B. Sthes, B.A., secondod.. Mr. C. Smedlet moved— 'That tho thanks of this meeting are due to the Committee and officers for tho past year and lo the South Australian Company for tho use of their office for Committee meetings ; and that the following gentlemen constitute tho Committee and officers for the ensuing year ?— I rendent, Sir James Fergusson, Bart. ; Hon. UWcr Mr. N. Oldham ; Hon. Secretary, Mr. h. It. Simpson ; Committee, Revs. F. W. m 'a J' Pfivldson- J- Lyall, P. McLaren, S. Mead M.A., :and J. L. Parsons, Me«»rs. i; -M. Anderson, N. Blyth, M. Goode, U. Giles, G. W. Hawkcs, U. Ham mond, J. Pickering, M.P., James Scott, C, bmedley, and 0. JJ. Young. Mr. Jamks Scott seconded. The BiSHOi1 of Adklaide expreasod his deep interest in the undertaking of the Association and said he would do his utmost to aid iU efforts. Tho Rev. F; W. Cox supported the motion. AH the motions wero earned by acclamation, and the proceedings closed with the benedic- ' tion, pronounced by the Bishop. The Female Ukkitgk. Tho fourteenth annual meeting of thia institu tion was held in Chalmor3 Church Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, April 23. Tho Mayor, Mr. A. II. F. Bartob, who presided, expressed .pleasure at the very satisfactory nature of the report, and said bo considered the institution ' was one which every right-minded citizen should support. Bo would use liis utmost endeavours rto render aid to a Society ha\ ing so benovolont an object. The Hon. Treasurer and Secretary Mr Gi W. Hawkes, S.M., read tho annual report, as ' follow?): — , . . r 'Your Committee h.ive again to weot the '? Eubacnbew«ithfeehngsof gratitude to Almighty Ged for the amount of success with whicfi* Ho has been plowed: to bless their, efforts to reclaim the fallen. Although the object for whiSX ^Society wai (established is nit to be judged of ' by tho Dumbors reclaimed, y()t it ba cause for; ttaafcfelm .ft* *o inany have, though tS' ? tuni,f^,mJucir^vd.WWu j^ .l*bw3jowA' in which the Society is engaged does commend ? itself to tail right-minded people and^good titiaens. Your Committee -are glad to observe | that the Corporatioa of Adelaide are taking ? active measures to suppress brothels ; ana tnac : the Press has rendered good service to the . cause of morality by advocating such a change , in our legislative enactments as will enable the SSectually to reach a class of persons who Sowtogly let houses to persona who occupy them for immoral purposes thus barbounnff vice and encouraging debauchery. It is grabfy irjr to be able to 'report that the evil your Society is striving to diminish has certainly not increased siuceeur report in 1870, but, on the contrary, there is reason to believe slightly decreased. The annals of the Police Court show tic check which has been placed upon public prostitution; the vigilance of the police has in a great degree preserved the citizens from witnessing scenes which outraged decency in the principal thoroughfares of our city, and cauBed just ground for complaint for some years past. It is a subject for congratulation that the funds of the Society will enable them to effect repairs which are much wanted m tne house at Norwood, such as mending ceilings repairing and painting walls-work which will materially add to the comfort of the inmates, and give a more cheerful appearance to the rooms. An appeal for donations and subscrip tions was made in October last on the following grounda, viz.:-Of inmates received in the Kef age from its foundation in 1857, to 1871 \- there have been-PIaced m situations, 109 ; married from Refuge, 18; restored to.parents and relatives, 22 ; present number of inmates, exclusive of two children, 10; earned by in mates, proceeds of work and washinec for year endmgl87O, £107; required to meet liabilities to end of the year, £120. This appeal was responded to liberally, and its claims upon the public for sympathy and support so ably advocated by the Adelaide papers as to materially help to produce a satisfactory result. Works of a necessary as well as useful character must, however, be carried out during the ensuing quarter, viz.: — Rebuilding with brick the walls of the washhouse and adjoining rooms, and covering the decayed roof with iron, a sum of £100 at least will bo required for this pur pose, which will, after absorbing the present balance, leave a large deficit. In order to carry out these works the assistance of friends is therefore very much needed. A legacy of £40 was left to the Refuge by the late Mr. David Ward. This proves most acceptable, and it is hoped others maybe induced to make some provisiou of a similar nature ior the maintenance of the institution. The following figures show the operations of the Society for twelve months ending 31st December, 1871 :— In house at date of last report, exclusive of two children, 7; admitted or readmitted during the year ended 31st December, 1871, 45— total, 52; provided with situations, 24 ; received by their relations, 4; left at their own desire, 13; sent to Destitute Asylum, 3 ; absconded, 1 ; at present in the house, exclusive of two children, 7— total, 52\. The Matron's monthly reports afford evi dence of careful supervision, and the Committee have pleasure in once more assuring the public of their entire confidence in her. During the past year the inmates have earned towards their support and clothing £155, as shown in the Treasurer's audited accounts to Slst December. The thanks of the Committee are tendered to Mr. Benson for his gratuitous professional services, to the ministers who have kindly given weekly services, to the Auditors, to the Ladies' Committee, and to those friends who have encouraged them in their work. In conclusion, the Committee appeal to the generosity of the South Australian public to strengthen then hands in carrying on the work efficiently by placing at their disposal funds to cover the necessary outlay for maintenance, repairs, and improvements. The Treasurer's financial report to December 31 showed— Receipts in subscriptions and dona tions, £285 19s. 7d.; proceeds of inmates' labour, £155 3s. 10d.; making £441 3s. 5d. At the beginning of the year the Treasurer had in hand £50; the cost of maintenance has been £145; and £34 4s. 6d. has been given in cash and clothing to the inmates for labour. Addi tional to these items of expenditure, fuel and light, materials, furniture, insurance, repairs, printing, &c;, &c;, have absorbed £154 153. lid. There was, therefore, at date a credit balance of £55 odd. The Rev. 0. Lake moved, and the Eev. J. Lyall seconded, the adoption of the report. Carried. The Bishop of Adelaide moved, and Mr. C. B. Young seconded— 'That it is the duty of all who desire to counteract the miseries result ing from the evil which the institution has been established to prevent to give their hearty co operation to the South Australian Female Refuge. ' Carried. The Rev. J. Davidson moved— ' TBat this meeting pledges itself to use every effort to previde funds for the South Australian Female Refuge, and will make exertions to increase its usefulness.' Mr. C. Smedley se conded. Carried. Canon Farr moved, and Mr. C. B. Young seconded, and it was resolved— 'T'oat the thanks of this meeting are tendered to the Committee for the past year, and that the following gentlemen be appointed a Committee for the ensuing year: — Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Very Rev. Dean Russell, Revs. J. L. Parsons, G. H. Farr, C. B. Symes, J. Lyall, W. W. Ewbank, 0. Lake, J. Henderson, J. Davidson, ami T. James, Dr. A. Campbell, and Messrs. G. F. Angas, H. flussey, W. K. Thomas, R. W. Moore. H. Giles, C. B. Young, J. Smith, J. Scott, N. Blyth, J. Colton, and G. W. flawkes, Hon. Secretary and Treasurer. Ladies' Committee— Mesdames Short, Beeby, Colton, Cox, Hawkes, Stevenson, Ewbank, Scales, Binks, Davidson, Murray, and Paxton.' A collection of £6 was made, and the bene diction by the Lord Bishop closed the pro ceedings. Miscellaneous. Episcopalian Chdbch, Wentworth. — Mr. H. B. Hughes, of Iunchiga Station, River Darling, and Glenel&has; subscribed £50 towards the erection of the Protestant Episcopal Church at Wentworth. He has only held the station a short time, but has shown that he believes in the good old adage ' Property has its duties as well as its rights.' New Roman Catholic Chapel.— The founda tion-stone of the Catholic Chapel, Georgetown, was laid by Father Reynolds, the Administrator of the Diocese. Mass was celobrated in the large room of the hotel, after which a procession of nearly 200 people marched to the site of the proposed building, where the ceremony of placing the stone was performed. The officiating priest then delivered an address, and expressed the pleasure ho felt at the exertions that had been, made to raise funds for so laudable an object. He mentioned that Sunday, April 21— was the twenty- eighth anniversary of the celebration of the first mass in South Australia. At the close £72 4s. was laid on the atone. Gawleb Congregational church. — The Eev. J. C. McMichael's temporary engagement at Gawlerhavingexpired,awell- attendedmeetingof male members of theChurch aud congregation was held in the schoolroom on May 10, to consider wavs and means. The Treasurer read a balance she'et showing the year's receipts and expendi ture, which statement was satisfactory, and unanimously adopted. On Tuesday a special meeting of the Church was held, to discuss the future pastorate, when the following resolutions were unanimously adopted, viz., 'That this Church desires to express its, entire satis faction with the ministry of the Rev. J. C. Meiiicbael during the year which has just closed, and earnestly hopes that the connection which has hitherto existed may be made per manent.' Second, ' That the collection after each service on the Sabbath be discontinued, and that the weekly offering system be intro duced in lieu thereo'f.' At a subsequent meet ing of the Church and congregation the fore going resolutions were carried unanimously, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Rev. J. C. McMichael to inform him of the result. After a short interval the deputation returned, accompanied by Mr. McMichael, who, in well-chosen -remarks, referred to his connection with the Church, and after briefly explaining the duty of pastor and people he accepted the pastorate. I'resbyterian Church, Port.— On May 3 three members of the above Church waited upon Hiss Christie at her father's residence, and presented her with a valuable jrold watch and chain, in recognition of her efficient services in presiding gratuitously at the hartnonium during divine service for several years. Miss Christie Jwlingly acknowledged the gift. 