ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. I AM not a bit surprised at Lilley giving up the leadership of the Opposition; on the con- | trary, I think he has displayed extraordinary patience, long suffering, and self-denial, to hold the place so long. Dogberry says, " When two ride a horse, one must ride behind;" but the younger and more ambitious members of the Opposition won't admit the truth of this axiom-or rather, none of them will consent to ride behind. They all want to be in front and pull the reins. The difficulty has not been removed by the resignation of Lilley. There is a Hemmant and Griffith, O'Doherty, M'Devitt and King, all aspiring to the position with a claims so equally balanced that nobody can decide which ought to have the preference. If mere eloquence, intellectual power, and Parliamentary experience were sufficient, Hemmant licks the lot by long chalks 5 but then he is too conscious of his superiority in these respects, and altogether too aristocratic in his notions to be a good democratic leader. Your high-born intellectual giant in lavender kid gro res and unexceptionable costume is unappreciated in a rough and ready plebeian Parliament like ours. Griffith is unapproachable in legal attainments and de- bating power-but now that he has not Lilley I to correct, his abilities are comparatively useless until an Attorney-General is wanted. As a tactician O'Doherty is pre-eminent, and possesses a ponderous sort of eloquence that tells amazingly on such subjects as oyster legislation and the extinction of measles ; but these subjects don't require to be dealt with often, and tactics are of little use when nobody will act upon them except just so for as they please. M'Devitt's Northern proclivities are an effectual bar to his claims to the leader- ship. King is overwhelmed with private business, and there is nobody else on that side of the House who stands the ghost of a chance. I am afraid the Great Liberal Party will dwindle down again to my old friend Miles. He seems to be about all that's left of it now, in reality, unless this question of leadership can be amicably settled. How would it be for the rival claimants to take the leadership week and week about while the session lasts ? I am not sorry, mind you, that Lilley has resigned the leadership, because, in spite of his many claims to that position, he was liable to make serious mistakes, his professional preference for barristers as supporters in the House was not the least serious of his blunders. See what a fix it put the Attorney-General in last week. He had to make a District Court Judge of Baird, and a Crown Prosecutor of Bowker, because there wasn't another lawyer out of the House to be had for love or money. Isn't it horrible when you come to think of it Baird and Bowker ! Truly the wrongs of the North are real and great. It is time the professions of barristers and attorneys were amalgamated so that on adequate supply of legal talent may be attain- able, without the Attorney-General being reduced to such desperate straits. If Thompson would introduce a new clause to admit articled clerks, copying clerks, and office messengers to plead in the superior Courts, it would be a still greater improvement in his bill. It is very clear that something must be done, or the colony will be irretrievably ruined. Baird a District Court Judge, and Bowker a Crown Prosecutor but, no, I will not tolerate the professional feelings by further comment. I hate torture, and all who inflict it. The Financial Separation Bill- has been allowed to slip off the paper by Palmer, but I sincerely hope it was not done intentionally. I trust it will be restored and carried through committee before the session closes. it could be thrown out in the Council, you know, just as safely, and it would not then irritate the Rockhampton Separation Committee so much. If it is allowed to slide out of sight now cantankerous electors of Port Curtis may say that the Premier never meant to carry it, and never was in earnest about Financial Separation, nor Territorial Separation either exceptions a " Northern grazier." This would probably damage his election, and would certainly bring down severer punishment on the South instead of Separation at Dawes Range the Rockhampton Committee would then be for taking a still more southern slice of territory, and might insist upon the boundary being the Maroochie and the Main Range, leaving us only East and West Moreton. The members of the Separation Committee are ugly customers, mind you, when their blood is up. There is no tell- ing what they might do and as the South is so utterly at their mercy, all causes of provoca- tion should be avoided. It would be for better to pass the bill right through, and let it become law at once, than arouse the anger of that Rockhampton Committee. Does anybody know Chubb - Chubb, of Dalby attorney, proctor, and what not - If they do, just let him know that Pring wants to see him about bringing out a new and revised edition of " Pring's Statutes of Queensland." Pring is most anxious to see him, and Mr. District Court Judge Blakeney also, on the subject. It seems Chubb is a new legal luminary lately risen in the west, and Judge Blakeney was the first to discover and hail the new light. Chubb has found out important omissions in Pring's Statutes that have escaped the penetration of all the Judges, Attorney-General's, barristers, and attorneys, over since the foundation of the colony. The discovery is likely to cause quite a revolution in our criminal proceedings at the courts of petty sessions, and witnesses in such cases will have cause to bless the name of Chubb, of Dalby. This is indeed the Be of discovery. Pring, so far from being offended with the boldness and presumption of Chubb and his first convert, Blakeney, is delighted with the keen perception, nice discrimination, and depth of legal knowledge manifested by them. If he could meet with them just now he would be ready to embrace them with considerable ardour. Any- way, he is very anxious to bring out a new edition of the "Statutes," and he wants Chubb (of Dalby) to' edit the work. Blakeney might revise the proof sheets, and then lawyers and Judges would have something like perfection. The mining company fever seems to be " on the turn here. An entirely new set of symptoms have manifested themselves, the most prominent of which is the broker eruption.. Queen-street seems to have broken out from head to foot with sharebrokers. All these gentlemen have long lists of shares for sale in all the gold, silver, copper, and tin companies that have been floated. If a man wants to make his fortune by investing in any of these companies, he is not only embarrassed in his choice of a company, that he is utterly bewildered as to which of the many now brokers he will patronise. Probably this is the reason why the market has been so depressed for the last week or so. Between the number of corn ponies, and the number of brokers for each) nine-tenths of the intending investors cannot make up their minds do what they will, and so they don't invest at all. 