CONFESSIONS OF A MOTIVE \- MEDIUM, '. . One of tho future liierarohs of spiritualism who has lately takontlio field against "all comers," defending tho creed ho professes, states that the question at present to bo most considered is, "How aro tho phenomena produced, and from whenoo they are do- rived?" I am therefore induced to cite a few examples of manifestations through tho combinod agency of so-called spirits and household furniture that havo come under my notice, leaving readors to draw their own deductions. Somo men aro born to greatness, while others havo it thrust upon them nolens volens, and if it be any honor to be lookod upon by those of tho spiritual creed as a motivo medium, or tho primary means of communication between the spirit world and tbo leg of a table, I can only say that in my oaso tbo honor was as unexpected as it was overwhelming. Of oonrso I am going to disclose the dread socrots of tbo stance, and am prepared to bear tho same opprobrium as was recently heaped upon tho hoad of tho Rev. Mr. Herring of Ballarat by a host of tboso who claim to hold (tbo, tenets of Poeblos and Davis. Happily tho spiritualists havo not as yot established a Vehm-Gorioht, so there is no fear that I shall bo found, a dagger in my broast, with a paper intimating in tho paraphrase of a well known song, " of spirits ho died." I have been present a t numerous stances, and am as scoptical of tho power of spirits now as I was before I wit nessed any of thoso phonomona that aro tormodtho stopping- stones tospiritualscienoo, I am forced to own that I havo oftentimes been both spirit and medium, and would feel inclined to beg pardon for any imposture of whioh I had been guilty, wero it not for tho fact that tho believers in spiritualism took as muoh pleasure in my fictitious com munications from tho spheres as in thoso reoeived without my aid. Another reason for disalosing my misdeeds is that, sup. posing a spirit wore really present, no such spirit ever oomplained of my unparlia-, mentary conduct, and by jerk or rap oalled me to ordor. One of the first maxims of spiritualism is that a man must Bearch for himself, must take nothing on hearsay, and must not belioyo anything that is contrary to his reason. Aoting on this principle I ex amined into tho mysteries of table-rapping, and nothing that I heard or saw proved to mo tho existence of spirits ; but, on tho con trary, the result of my inquiries was to make mo believe that human muscles and tho human brain had far moro to do with the matter than the ghosts of thoso doomed to walk tho spheres. This being the case, I offor no further apology for having on several occasions played the part of a mild Isoariot. Tho first time I was present at a stance I was placed in tho background with a number of other sooptios, and patiently waited for about three-quarters of an hour wbilo tho ac knowledged media endeavored in vain to oharge a table that I oonld havo lifted with my littlo finger. Tired out, I at last requested that I might try my hand at raising a spirit, but my offer was treated with the utmost oontompt. The pationooof a medium has, however, limits, and after another quarter of an hour of ineffec tive attempts to get np the steam of the un known force, ono of the throe sitting at tho table retired in disgust, and I was permitted to take his plaoo. Scarcely hod my hands been upon tho table fivo minutes than it began to oscillate, at first almost impercop- tiMy, then to execute a sort of double shuffle, and finally to comport itself like a full-blown rosewood Bacchante. " You are a motive medium" burst from tho lips of all tbo believers in tho room. It was no uso protesting. 1 was outvoted — a motive medium I was and a motive medium I have remained since then, receiving various invitations to do tho Raroy business on pieces of furniture oontumaoiously inolinod. With the moving of tho tablo just uiontioned I bad nothing to do, at least voluntarily, but I cannot say as much for both- my co- media. One was a young girl, looking sim plicity itself, and so demure that ono could almost imagine sho had never ovon seen the word decoption in print. Hor hands, which wero extremely small and delicate, appeared to rest lightly on the table, but as it began to movo I. observed the blood reoede from tbo upper portion of the nails, leaving a whito' spaoo in its stead, whioh line ot demarcation between tho outside rim of the nail and tho pink below became broador as tho tablo grow moro violont in its demonstrations. Tho affinity between the motion of tho tablo and the blanching of the nails is clear. Any ono putting their hands on a tablo, or other hard substance, and pressing with the tipB of their fingers on the surface, will observe what I observed on my introduction to tho mys teries of tablo turning. Tho idea camo into my head to try if I could make tbo table move without being deteoted, and on my first attempt suoceeded so well that thoso in <jhe room wero fully satisfied that a vigorous spirit was present. On ono or two oc casions I havo discovered ono of tho media seated at a tablo coolly lifting it with his foot, and so successfully did ono accomplish tho feat that ho balanced the tablo after tho hands had been withdrawn. The conse- ?nenco was that about a dczsu people loft ully improssod with tho belief that by tho unknown spirit force the table had been sus pended in the air. Having read an article in the Quarterly Review, I, liko the writer, found that a certain throe- legged tabic, moving on castore, if inolinod at a certain angle so that two of tho olaws and tho castors touched the ground at tho some time, would remain in that position. I performed tho feat on one occasion, holding my hands near tho piece of furniture, and deolaring it was the result of an unknown force. With out the slightest examination tho believoro were satisfied of tho wonderful phenomenon, although thero wasono present who avers that his mission is to inquire into everything per taining to spiritualism, in order to gather data wherewith to confound the unbelieving. So muoh for the direot manipulation ; and now for tho intelligence exist ing between the spirits and tho table. Tho great argument of tho believers in tho spirit theory is that tho . messages received aro- for tho most part such that tho contents would bo foreign to tho media engaged in eliciting tho communications. Myexperiou.ee has boen to tho contrary. The messages I have beard rapped out have been of the moat commonplace description1; and whon other than this I have generally found a conueofc- ing link to exist between tho question and answer. On one occasion threo ladies, all of whom it was stated wore nn- ablo to qnote a single lino of Shak- spearn, conjured up tho spirit of Walter Montgomery. As a proof of his identity ho was asked to favor tho company with a quotation. Ho complied, but want of prac tice, no doubt, had rendered him less letter- perfect than whon in tho fle3h, for tho quo tation was anything but oorrect. Faulty as it was tbo lines were looked upon as poor Walter's credentials, and the communication was regarded as most extraordinary. Tho lady of tho house happened to bo tho inter rogating medium, and whilo looking over somo books on a species of dnmb waiter in the room while the stance was progressing I discovered a volume of ShakBpeare turned face down wards, and open, at the very passage whioh bad jnnt been quoted, after being no doubt imperfectly committed to memory. Oae evening, just before tbo loss of tho Rangoon, tho question arose at a stance, at which I was present, relative to the delay of the mail steamer. Aspirit named Rogers was summoned from the other world, whostated that the mail had been stopped by a violent oy clone, and proceeded to give somo interesting facts con cerning the periodical gales prevalent in the east. The media were two ladies and a gentleman, all of whom averred that their acquaintance with tho laws of Btorms was limited in tho extreme. This cortainly did seem strango, and I was triumphantly asked " What I thought of the spirits now ?" Although obliged to oonfess that tho com munication was certainly carious, I, on the one swallow sot making a summer principle, took caro to stato that one in explicable fact .should not make mo a proselyto to spiritism. Murder will out, and so will tho truth of spirit communications. Speaking of the mat let a few days after to a friend, and asking him what ho thought of it, he burst out laughing, and stated that ho had lent Mr. A., naming the male medium, a few weeks before Maury's Physical Geography of tho Sea, whioh contains a chapter on tho " laws of storms." This then was the explanation of the Rogers com munication. On anothcroccasion tho supposed spirit of tho lato Dr. Arnold was, by the means of the table, conveying to a stance " words of consolation," according to the in terpretation put upon sentences such as "Man is sinful," "Take counsel of thyBolf to do no wrong," " Purity of life bath an ondless bloom," by the spiritualists present. In the second messsgo tho word "oounsol" was spelt "council," and I ventured to remark that it seemed passing strango that tbo quondam hoad master of Rngby should display such au ignorance of the rules of orthography. I was told that the dwellers in tho sphojea muBt not bo ganged by tbo laws pertaining to xnundano things. Not long afterwards I saw a noto written by ono of tho mediums who officiated at that particular stance, in which tho word counsel was spelt in exactly the same manner as rapped out by tho spirit of Dr. Arnold. I havo hoard Bomo extraordinary revelations made in German and French, when all tho mediums disclaimed a knowledge of thoso languages, although at tho time I was certain that ono of them at loast was a master of both. In somo instances I have rapped out answers that seemed extraordinary to those who know not that I was quietly UBing manual force to mako the table stop at tho givenlettersnceessarytooompose tho answer; and at other times I havo involuntarily, or rather unknowingly, found myself nsingforoo to make the tablo spell out a response, tho gist of whioh was running in my brain at tho timo tho question was put. It is said that if mental questions be put, tho ocoupatiou of a false medium would bo gone, as no ono could guess the import of Buoh questions. I havo found, howover, that tho answers aro of the good useful sort, liko tho responses of tho ancient oracles, and apply with as ranch force to tho request of tho anxious widow to know if hor defunct lord is happy as Mr. Cornerman's application to bo told if Extended Trombones will tako a rise. Tho answers generally aro: " Patience and f oar not," " Trouble yourself not with mun dane affairs," " Seok and you shall know," " Bowaro of falsehood, " and such liko outpourings, which to my mirid show that, as regards real news at all ovouts, the spirits are considerably bolow_ proof. Such aro a -few of my oxporienecs in table- rapping stances , and I give them not with a desire to raise a laugh at thoso who beliovo in the orthodoxy of tho phenomena, but simply as proofs of tho proposition I am about to put. Aoting upon the spirit theory of rejeoting anything oontrary to reason, I, from my own observations, extending over three months, am forood to tho conclusion that the communications looked upon a3 Coming from beyond the palo of tho living world ;aro tho work in tho most instances of an unscrupulous so-called medium, to gain a short-lived notoriety, or to servo his own ends ; while in a few cases the answors aro, without donbt. but the reflex of latent thought, EXPERIENTIA 