NEWS OF THE DAY. Mr. T. E. Osborne has been elected auditor far the borough of West MuttlMiri. Subscriptions axe being raised for the forma tion of » band Is connection witfi the West Ualtland Volun teer BUTm. The Hon. A. Macalister has been elected member for Ipswich, view Johnston, deceased, In the legis lative Auembly or Queensland. The award of the Privy Council, declaring Psntal bland, in the llumy Biver, to be put of tn« territory of thetelony of Victoria, wupabUdied io a rapplement to the Govemmtat Gazette Una morning. A supplement to the Qovermtent Gazette was luutd on sitnrdiT moraine, containing copy of corresponi ensa from the Blent Hon. the Secretary of State for the C«lonlw, regarding Um Naturalization Act of 1B72. ,. Mrs. Bridges, a resident of Newcastle for over 45 yean, who left tha oolony some timealnoe on a visit to Iiondon, died onboard the abip HewkMbnry on the|18th Auguit laat, near the equator, when intending to return to Newcastle. lira. Bridges was 77 yean of age. ?We understand that, the writer of the adver tisement (inserted in the Sydney Afammj Herald of Saturday, announcing that Peak Downs sharea were on sale by Messrs. Weatcarui a»d Sons at £3 per sbare, has been dlaoovereda and that legal proceedings are intended to be taken against him. The commandant's half-yearly inspection of the Volunteers took pUoeat the Victoria Barracks, on Satur day afternoon last. There troa on excellent attendance, and the members, although subjected to a severe test, Bhowed to advantage. The usual evolutions were gone through. Yesterday (Sunday) evening, about 5 o'olook, a seaman belonglnging to the ship Border Chief dropped down dead near Ohsrob-hill. His body was taken to the dead-house. Circular Quay. He had been ailing for some time previously, and had been attended by Dr. Hamil ton. A telegram from Maryborough, to the Bris bane Courier, dated October 22nd, states :— A magisterial in quiry haa been held into the cause of the death of eighteen South Sea Islanders, on board the schooner Jason. The evi dence showed that every care had been taken of the men as far aa ciroumstaaoes would permit. The cause oi death was dysentery. A man named Patrick Fahey was seriously hnrt on Satnrday afternoon by falling ont of a parcel dilivery van that he was driving, at the corner of Grown and Wool loomooloo streets. He sustained a out on bis head, and was taken to the Infirmary by constable Kelly. Up to yesterday morning lfahey remained in an unconscious state for some Ienitb of time, but is now proeressins favourably. TheJSydney Choral ISoeiety give the second oonotrt of their third season at tha Benool of Arts to-morrow (Tuesday) evening, when Bomberg's Cantata, 'The Lay of the Bell,' with orchestral accompaniments, specially arranged for this concert by HerrCarl Schmitt, will be per formed, concluding with a number of miscellaneous selection!. Bose Fairs, aged 39, wife of William Fairs, ot the Tradesmen's Arms, Bullaoaming-street, Bedfern, was lound dead in her bed yesterday, at about 7.S0 a.m. Dceased had been serving in the bar on Saturday night and retired to reat about midnight. For the last two or three days she com plained of illness, but no medical attendant was called in. A telegram from Bowen, October 16th, statei :— Daljelsteln, a saddler here, reports that he was stuck up at 7 o'clock yesterday evening on the jetty, and robbed of Is 6d by a man who presented a revolver at him, made him strip, and eearohed his clothes. The rnffian then pushed Dabelateln off the end of the jetty into the water. He got up by climbing up one of the piles, but the robber was gone. Ho person yet arrested for it. Two brothers named James and Thomas Cosgrove, aged respectively about 9 and 11 years, were drowned in a quarry at Ultimo, on Saturday last. All that is at present known of the lamentable occurrence seems to point to the conclusion that the lads went into the waterhole tfl bathe, got out of their depth, and unfortunately both met an untimely end. Abont 6 o'clock in the afternoon a man notloing the bodies in the water, informed the police, who caused the corpses to be removed to their parents resi denoe at the corner of Dlion and Liverpool streets. The ten-oared cutter race between the men ofH.H.B. Cosaaekand the Naval Brigade came off on Satur day afternoon, and resulted, as all races of a like kind nave hitherto done, in favour of the Naval Brigade. *It was mani fest that a good deal of public interest was taken in the event by the hundreds who assembled on shore to witness the race. The race started at about 3.40 jp.m., the course beinefrom Dawes Point round Shark Island, and back to tbe red buoy. A very fair start was effected, and a good race took place for about three hundred yards, when the Naval Brigade went ahead, and continned to increase their advantage throughout the remainder of the race, winning by several minutes. The matoh was pulled in a moderate north-east wind and fine weather, ana tbe result left no doubt as to tbe superiority of the brigade men. A thief named John Lewis has discovered, says the Kockhampton Bulletin, that the love of money is the root of all evil. With nearly £90 In his possession, he could not resist the temptation to prowl about dwellings at night, end pick up anything likely to prove of value. So be en tered Mr. Fart's premises and etole a ' silver-plated' watch from one of tbe bedrooms, and so be was about to try a similar exploltjat the Commercial Hotel, when he fell a victim to his own greediness. He could not sleep for the mosquitoes, for sooth, and must take a walk by moonlight into people's verandahs and bedrooms. It seems that a robbery won com mitted the other day at Townsville by which an unfortunate man lost £100, in sovereigns. Strangely enough, John Lewis, when arrested on Baturday morning, had 89 sore reigns on his person. He has been committed for trial, and will no doubt get his deserts. At the Melbourne Police Court on the 23rd October, Adolphe Hamburgher, merchant, surrendered to his | ball, on remand, to anBwer charges of conspiracy and con- ; sealing property of a an inselvent estate. Mr. Lawes, barrister, instructed by Mr. Braham, appeared for the prosc cuttop. Mr. Lawes handed to the bench a telegram which, | he requested, should not be shown to the defendant, unless it i was absolutely necessary, and upon which he asked n further ramand. The defendant protested against any further remand, ami Mr. oiu. i saia ho tat it was an injustice to in terfere with the defendant's liberty ibr su long „ tjmeas had elapsed since tbe proceedings were initiated withont ma having an opportunity of knowing what the charges against him were. He wonld remand the case for eight days more, and if the prosecution was not then ready with their case he would discbarge the defendant. Some very rich specimens of gold-bearing quartz are on view at Mr. W. Camb's Commercial Hotel, King-street, and it is stated that they came from Charters Towers, where they were token from a reef of four men's ground, which is 160 feet on the base line, by 360 feet back ground. The shaft is down about twenty feet, and the vein already struck is from about twenty inches to two feet thick. The sinking is soft, and before long it is thought the owners will strike a ' big ' reef. Forty tons of stone are already re ported to be at grass, and generally speaking, the quartz is not unlike the stone from BaUarat. Some of the pieces that have been cracked are still held together by complete threads of gold, and the others show minutely disseminated parti cles of gold. The reef is situated within half a mile of crushing machinery, and Messrs. Camb and Krauss have jointly purchased one- half of the property. The etone at grass, when crushed, is estimated to pay the whole of accu mulated expenses. A terrible warning of the effects of quackery comes to us from Sandhurst. It has already been briefly referred to, but fuller particulars have come to hand. Mr. Joseph Millin, tbe late manager of the old Hustler's Beef Company, died from tbe effects of a cancer. The unfortunate gentleman was, dnruig the days of the great success of the Hustler's Beef, in receipt of dividends to the amount of nearly £1000 a week. He contracted his disease, it is believed, by inhaling the fumes of quicksilvpr while smoking a pipe, having at the time a slight abrasion of the lip. A surgical operation was performed at Sandhurst, but tbe local operator failed to get at the root of the disorder, and in a few months bads symptoms again showed themselves. Acting against the advice of his best friends, Mr. Millin proceeded to Laun oeston, whsre he put himself under the care of a charlatan named Parr, who professes to cure cancer, in the same man ner that Holloway professes to heal all the ills which flesh is heir to. The result is told. But tbe lesson to be learnt from its sadness is this: If you hare any ailment, go to tbe best medical man within your reach. The wild-beast show that recently proved bo attractive to tne wonder-loving in Bourke-street, which has found its way into the Boyal Park, formed the subject of a suit in the count}' court, Melbourne, on the 24tb October. We learn from the Telegraph that the owners, Keith and another, sued one Barry, an ex constable, for 1.250 damages for entering into plaintiffs premises and seizing a. lion.'a lioness, a jackall, a cheetah, seven monkeys, a mermaid, on ' alligator, a fish, two panoramas, and sundry other goods, ' and so putting a stop to the show business. The information : further alleged that defendant broke his agreement under a bill of sale by seizing before a certain lien of X50 was satisfied, ! ?nd before a month's extension of time promised them bad expired. The defendant, it seemed, bad travelled with the menagerie as cashtaker, at a salary, and had previously ad vanoea money on the concern. The ehow business did not, however, proper during the latter deriod of its history. The defendant seized, and the wild beasts were sold to the Govern ment at far less thin their value, the plaintiffs alleged. His Honor expressed his sympathy with the defendant, who had, it seems, got an informal bill of sole, and gave him a : verdict. | His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson has ' received a circular despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies,' conveying instructions relative to certain Fiji . questions. The following is tbe text of the document referred ; to :— ' Her Majesty's Government have had under their con sideration a question which has arisen with reference to the ! Government established de facto in the Fiji Islands, namely whether bsyond the limits of the New State British subjects 60 long as the New State ia not duly recognized, can be accepted as citizens of it and exempted from British j urisdie tion in respect of acts done by them or engagements entered into with them. A reference has been made to the law Officers of the Crown, who have advised her Majest}r's Government - that British subjects beyond the limits of the New State not I yet duly recognized, should not be acceptea as citizens oi the New State,' nor be held exempted Irom British jurisdiction for acts done by them on British territory or on board ships which ought to be navigated under tbe British flag. And further that they should not be held exempted from British jurisdiction for engagements entered into with them in cases where the validity or construction of sneb engagements would properly and in ordinary course be triable before a Britibh tribunal. They are further of opinion that her Majesty's Government may interfere with the acts and engagements of British subjects within Fiji, and may declare certain acts and engagements to be legal or illegal in the case nf British sub jects within Fiji. The law officers have also reported with reference to inquiries made through Mr. Consul March by certain half-castes residing atFiji, as to the protection which could be granted to them on account of their British origin in connection with the establishment of fl tie facto Government, that the half-castes in question appear to be illegitimate children of Fiji women, and to have been born in Fiji terri tory ; and that conseqaently their nationality is not British, and that they are not entitled to British protection. The foundation-stone of St. Peter's Church of EnglandSuuday and day schools, Woolloomooloo, wns lold last Saturday afternoon, by Mrs, H. Bell, of Boso Hall, in the presence of a large assemblage. The schools ore situated at the east end of ft, Pater's Church, fairing Forbes-street, ojipo site Bose Hall, on ?jpfot of ground, having sundry small erec^ 1 Uons thereon, whiob win ultimately be removal!. Tbe base- 1 ment of the building wiB be of atone, and tbe eupostrnoture I of brick, and at first willeompriaeaaehoolroom fifty feet by thirty-five feet, hereafler to be extended to ForbeVetreef, when It will be ninety feet by thirty-five. The walla will be thirteen feet high, ana from Un floor to top of the roef the height will be twenty-five. In consequence of the fall of the ground from Forbes-street towards the ehurau two 'nrfifnf olass- roomB are to be obtained, beine twantv faet bv fifteen feet, and ten feet high. These rooms will face the east end of the church, and open In that direction. An airspace ia to be formed all ronnd, and the foundation well-drained. The roof will have dormer ventilators, and the school and class-rooms will ba lighted and venti lated by opposing windows fixed with double hurry sashes, securing complete ventilation. The structure will be plain and neat to accord with the church. Mr. B. Backhouse is tbe architect, and Messrs. Armitage and Carrls the builders, and it ia expected that the first portion of the schools will be completed by Christmas. The company baring assembled around tbe etone, the Bev. w. vvhmneld com menced the ceremony by reading a selection of papers from the Common Prayer Book. Tbe Bev. It. Taylor, of St. Stephen's Church, Newtown, then read Deuteronomy, c, vi., v. Ito7; 3 Chronicles xxxix.,v. itoSs St. Luke il., v 42 to 54; and 2 Timothy ill., v. 15 to 17. The Bev. G. H. Moreton followed with a abort statement of the progress of the church work of the parish. He stated that only six years ago the foundation stone of the church was laid, and that the debt inourred in the erection of the church hod been paid off. Large congregations attended each Bervice. The parsonage subscribed for was utmost completed. At the elose of his address be conducted Mrs. H. Bell to the platform, when she formally laid tbe foundation stone ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Tbe con gregation was then addressed by the Bev. Oanon Stephen, of St. Paul's, Bedfern, and the Bev. Canon White, of Muswell brook. After singing the Doxology, the proceedings were oonclnded by the Bev. A. D. Soares, of Queanbeyan, pronounc ing the benediction. Many of the friends and visitors then adjourned to Bose Hall, and formed a very pleasant garden party. The Maitland Mercury has the following encouraging items:— We are glad to hear that there is every prospect of a heavier crop of grapes in this district this year \hs& has been gathered for many years previously, and that the condition of the vines is in the highest degree encourag ing. In some few instances the unusually late frosts have nipped off tbe buds to some extent, and the hailstorm of a fortnight aero did rjarttol iniurv. We are irratifted to learn that the apprehensions of a general attack of rust In the growing wheat, rendered so likely by the uncertain and fre quently recurring showers of two or three weeks ago, and the warm weather that followed, have not been realised to the anticipated extent, and that as a whole the crop has escaped serious inj ury. We hear of rust about Branxton, at Cessnock, and the Marrowbone'.Bidge at the' Woliombi, (to a greater extent there than elsewhere, unfortunately, but perhaps not greater in proportion to the qnantity of land under wheat.) and at Bosebrook, but it is confined to a few paddocks in most cases, and does not extend to the bulk of the crop in the localities named. And in some Instances it is hoped that notwithstanding the attacks of rust tbe grain will not be pinched, and we are told that in the case of one farm at Bosebrook, where reaping began on Tuesday last (unusually early) the grain was fine and plump. Single ton and Faterson advices speak of tbe flourishing condition of tbe crop4.berea.bouts, and we have similar satisfactory intelli gence respecting fields at Eldershie, Gosford, and Bosebrook. Altogether, we mav Bee everv reason to horje. from Dresent indications, that the wheat harvest will much exceed that of last year or many years previously. We ore also told that the wheat crops at the Bugarloaf are looking excellent. The Musclebrook correspondent of tha same journal says :— The crops at Muscle Creek look splendidly— not the least appear ance of rust in the wheat; and should the weather continue fine, it promises a bountiful harvest to the farmers In that neighbourhood. I may state that Muscle Creek is noted for growing fiue crops of wheat. Bat at a place called Kayuga, about five miles from here, to the north-vest of the town, I am sorry to hear that the rust lias appeart 'y ; hut it is to be hoped that it will not spread, for should tuc farmer lose liis crop of wheat he loses nearly all. Mr. Francis Lord, last Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, formally laid the foundation of a new Church of England, at Lane Cove, under the title of 'Bt. John the Evangelist,' The elevated position of the site on which the chnrcli is to be built, commands an extensive view of the river and Burrounding Bcenery, and is situated on the main road about six miles from Milson's Point. According to the architects plan and description, the church will be built of freestone, in the Gothic style of architecture, and when com pleted, will be a handsome and commodious structure. It is determined, at present, to erect without delay, the nave, at a cost of £250, which will afford ample accommodation for 100 persons, and when practicable, the chancel and transepts will be constructed. As soon as the company, estimated at uu persons, gathered around the stone, the incumbent of the parish, the Bev. W. C. Cave-Brown-Cave, assisted by the Bev. A. B. Blackett. proceeded to read the prescribed prayers. Mrs. F. Lo.d was then introduced, and presented with n silver trowel, with which she laid the stone in the name of the Holy Trinitv. In the cavity of the stone was placed a soroll, on which the following words were written :— ' Tonlie glory of God, in the name of the Blessed Trinity, and in memory of the apostle and evangelist Bt. John, the foundation of this church, in the parish of Gordon, and County of Cumberland, Bj'dney diocese, was laid on October 26th, in the year of our redemption, 1872, by Mrs. Frances Lord In tbe presence of a Urge conoourse o Christian people. Frederic Barker, D.B., Lord Bishop of Sydney ; W. C. Cave-Browne-Cave, incumbent of the parish ; Arthur Bussell Blackett, curate of the parish ; Messrs. J. Brown, H. Mackintosh, and B. Fymble, trustees : Bev. W. C. Cave-Browne-Cave, chairman ; Bev. A. B. Blackett, vice chairman ; Messrs. J. Fjmble, B. Mackintosh, Henry Whittingbam (secretary), building committee; £. T. Blackett, architect; Eli Endicot, contractor for stone work.' The Bev. Mr, Cave having invoked God's blessing addressed thecompany. He apologised for Bishop Barker's absence, who hesaid was to have delivered an address suitable to the oocasion, but was unavoidably detained at tbe General Synod in the exercise of his duties as president. He felt pleased to see on the ground ao many -persons of various denominations. The company then adjourned to a tastefully decorated ever green-covered building close bj', fitted with tables and seats, and the promoters of the affair decorated the bibles with an abundance of tea, cake, sandwiches, ic. which was discussed with great justice. Afterwards, the assemblage again met round the etone to hear very telling orations from the Bevs. W. C. B. Cave, Canon Smith, and A. It. Blackett, expressive «f tho advantages to be derived by the erection ot the church for the honour and glory of our Bavionr Jesus Christ. A collec tion was [then made, and upwards of £(6 was subscribed. The benediction was pronounced shortly before 6 o'clock, when all started for their homes, eorat being many miles distant, all.'congratulated themselves on being present on so agreeable and pleasant a ceremony. 