BLUE BEARD'S' KEYS. " from the cornhill magazine, Old keys have always had a strango in terest for mo. There arc many places whore thoy may be found, hidden away, or openly put up for sale. They are of every sizo and snbstance. Thero ara dream kevs and real onos. This little story is written under the shadow of tho great lcoys of St, Peter's. There is tho koy of tho street, a dismal'pos- session. The koy of tho mystery that puz zled ub so long. Thoro ia the key of a heart's secret porhapo ; for heart's come into tho world, somo looked, some flapping wide ; and day by (lay tho keys are forged that are to opon them, or close them up for ever. Thoro is tho koy of tho cupboard, whoro the skele ton is hiddon — how offcon wo havo heard of it — nud, besido all theso ghost hoys, there aro tho real keys in tho iron, and if thoy holong to droamiand, it is by association only. You may see thom rusting in front of any old socondhand dealer's among cracked china and worm-oaten furniture, and faded stuff and torn laee. Y on may buy thom -for a few pence to dream over, to jingto, to molt away: to dn any thing' with but to look and unlook f.ViA /InnvD am/1 onalfntn t.n wVlIflll tilOV 011(10 belonged. There is tbo koy of tho old houso that was burnt down long ago;_tlipkoy of the spiuot, vyhore such nwect mnsic lived aud streamed out at tho -touch of tho Indies' wliito fingers. The music is circling still in distant realms, philosophers toll us ; tho lady ib dead ; tho spinet, too, has vanished, but hero is tho key 1 It means nothing now — no more does tho koy of the casket whoro tho letters used to bo looked away, that wore afterwards published for a certain Bum of money; or tho key of tho empty cellar whore the good wins was onco kept. .... A ring of old keys lay in a heap, in a work- basket onco : somo 0110 had pinked thorn up, and put them away thero. There was the koy of a home onco warm with firelight and Biinlight and loving looks. Tho siin still shone npon the walls, tha fires still burnt upon tho hearth, but tho warm heart wn3 thero no longer : tho home was cold, for all the hot summer's sun, and tho iove seemed turned to dry tears and bitter salt. Nobody knows whore tho keys all bolong to, as thoy !io in tho work basket, covered over with many shreds of tangled silk, with half- finished tattings and trimmings, with half- strung beads, Boraps of rhyme jottod down on stray fly- leaves or card-bobbins. There is tho half-finished fillet of a silken purse : there' is a Roman medal and a ribbon, and a flower stitched on a great big bit of oanvaB, large ebough for a whole partorrn of flowers. Here is somo rosowater in an eastern bottle : horo aro somo charms j .and undnrnsath everything lio tbo keys in abunoh. Did the owner lose thom yesterday among tho anemonics of tho Borgboso gardens, or on last summer's lawn ? Did the lady of the work basket spy them shining in the grass, aud bring them safe away to the silken nest where thoy have boon lying for many a day ? Sometimes two soft brown hands come feel ing at the half-open basket, palling nut long threads of colored silk from the tangle.; they are curious quick little hands, with gentle olovor doners. The work-baskot stands in a rnoess, where all day long Fanny Travors'. bird has been ahirping, piping, whistling in its cage, hanging high up above tbo great city, from a window oat deep in the thiok- noss of the palace wall. The red frill of an old damask curtain catchca tho light, the shutters are closed, in bars of grey and gloom against the outside burning sun. In tho window a couplo of plants aro growing ; they skied on tho stonn ledge, dark against the chequered light and shade, A worn marble step leads up into tho rccosB, where old Olympia has put ready a bit of oarpet and two straw ohairs for Fanny and her sister, who sometimes come and sit there, Roman fashion, resting their arms on the stone ledgo, aud looking out in tho cool of tha evening— out across tiles aud countless casements and grey house- tons, aoross walled gardens and stone- yards, beyond the Bpires and domes of the great city to the great dome of all, tbntrisea IIHU it UlUUU ttUlllUttv UUU V)alU(litj;ilit illiu UUU distant hills ; the flowing plash of a fountain sounds from below, bo does tho placid chip of tho stono-workors under their trollis of vino, and a drone of oh'urch-bolls from the cfistant outer world, .-bells- that jangle strangely, like those Irish Snnday beliH that Fanny and her sister can romembor when she and Anne were little girls at home at Barrowbank, near Kenmare Grcon. It seems like a.dream now, while theso Italian ohimes comooohoing along the snnny sloping streets and broad places, and stone-yards and garden-walls that lead to tho old palace on the hill. Tho window is that of a little apartment high up in the palace, in a small sido wing,- leading down to tho groat landing of tho closed aud spacious suite belonging to tho owner of the house. SomotimeB Fanny and hor sister, seeing the doors ajar down bolow, peep in at a great marble hall where the veiled statues seem to keop watoh ; everything is cool and dark and silent, though all day long the burning snn has been beating outsido against the marble rocks of tbo old palaco. Fanny and her sister sit in a vaulted room with windows towards tho front— windows that yon could scarcely distinguish from be low (so bidden are they among the marble wreathB and columns which ornameut tho old palace), if it were not for the bird-cage and for Anno's tall lily-pots flowering in the sun. Sometimes the two girls' heads are to bo seen bending over their work. They are hnsy with harmless inagio. weaving tbom- solves into elegant young ladies out of mnslin Bhreds and scraps and frills. Tho little im- potuonsFannyoutsandsmpsandrunsalongtho endless breadthB of tarlatan ; Anne stitohes on moro demnroly. Tho elegant young ladies who will oome floating into the ball-ronm in their mother's train that evening aro Bitting at work with little shabby white morning gowns Their evening'B m9gnifieenoo is oon- coeted of very simple materials— muslins washed and ironed by their own hands, ribbons turned and re-turned. Once, poor Anno, having nothing else at hand, trimmed her old dreBs with bnnches of parsley. .... Anno xravors was a aweon you ug ui-uuturu. Fanny was very pretty, bat not to compare to her; the second siBtor was smaller, darker, moro marked in feature : she looked like a bad photograph of her beautiful eldor sister. Nature is vory perverse. Slio will givo to one sister one hair's breadth more noso, that mttkes all tho difference, ono inoh more height, one semi-tono more voice, ono grain more coloring- Hero was Anno, with beau tiful dark eyes and beautiful blaok hair, lovely smiles, picturesque frowns, smooth gliding movemsnts, and a voioo that haunted you long after it had ceased to utter ; and thero wa8 Fanny, stitching away on tho marblo stop, surrounded by whits scraps, and with her black hair on end, withsmallor eyes, shorter limbs, paler cheeks. She was nothing partionlsr, most people said ; not beloved, like Anne ; alio did not hope for much to brighten hor toilsome, life ; she de spaired and lost her tomper at times , and yet there was a spirit and pathos, impetuosity about tbo littlo woman that, as ono person oqce said, outweighed all tho auavo charm of her siator'a grace. Every ono loved Anno, sho was so soft, so easily pleased, and so aura of pleasing. The lifo alio led was not a wholesome 0110, bnt it did not spoil her. The twopenny oarea that brought tbo purplo to her mother's hair, and the sulky frown to Fanny's brow, only softened Anno's eyes to a gentle meianoholy. Poor littlo Fanny ! how sho hated thei stealings and scrapings of fashionable lifo .that fell to thair Bhare— the lifts in other people's oarriages, tho contrivances and mor- tifioations. " Mamma, what is tho good of it all ?" she would say. " Let us go ond livo id a cottage, and Anno shall stand by tha fountain and sell roses and violets, " 1 " Mrs, do Travers had not much humor for an Irishwoman. I " No children of mine, with my consent, shall over givo up appearances," she said, Watily. " Is this the langnage, Fanny, you I use afsev the many, many eaoiifices I have nude. . If Lord Tortillion had behaved as common decency might hniyo suggested, we should - have been Bparodull -this. But his conduct shall make no difference in onrs ; and we will do our duty in our state of lifo." / Lard Tortillion was Fanny .and.. Anno's grandfather, who, hearing of his son's - mar riage and convorsiou, had immediately cat' the young couplo off with a shilling. When Mr, do Travers died, lie loft his widow and daughters the price of his commission and an inBnrancb on his lifo, whioh, a small in heritance of Anno's, gavo ttiom something to livo upon. Tho widow struggled valiantly on this ' slender raft to hoop up hor hoad in tho fashionable whirlpool, to whioh sho had boon promoted by marriago. Sho aotcd honestly according to iler lights. Sho thought it was hor duty : bIio worked away without ever asking herself to what it all tended, People's duties aro among tho most onrions things belonging to them. Tho Sonth Ken sington Musimm might exhibit a collection of them. They nro ail important to eaoh of us, though others would be puzzled enough to say what thoy mean, or whu: good thoy nre to any one olse. Specimens of disci plines, of hair-shirts, aud boiled fish, for some ; cuon tor others a sort or social Jacob's ladder, with nun foot on earth and the othorin Belgravo- square, tu bo clambered only by mnoh pains, by vigils, by mortifica tions, by Btraiuiogs and clutchings, and pre sence of mind. Sonio.pooplc feel that a good dinner is their solooin vocation ; others try for poor soup, oheap flannel, and parochial importance; som>< feel thnt theirs is a mis sion to preach disagreeable truths ; whilo othere have a vooatinn'for agreeable quibbles; thoro aro also divisions, and sermons, and letters, and protests ; some of ub wish to improve onrseives, others of us, onr neigh bors. _ Mrs. do T avers had no particular ambition for herself, poor soul ! Sho was a lazy woman, and would have , contentedly dozed away tho quiet evoniuga by tho' Bmnuldering log, but a domon of duty came flitting up tho palaco stair3. "Get up," it whispered to -her, "got np, put on your weddiug- garmeut " (it was- a shabby ojd purple dyqd-satin that had -once been bonght m hopes of an invitation to Toarniquet Castlej "never mind tho draught, never mind tho nain in yonr shonider;" Bays duty, "send old Olympia for a hack cab, shiver down tho long marblo flight and be off, or Lady Castleairs won't ask you again." Can ono blame the. poor shivering martyr as sho enters Lady Caotleair's drawingroom, fol lowed by her two votive maidons? Anne took thing placidly, accepted kindneBS and patropage with a certain sweet dignity that held its own ; but poor little Fanny chafed, and fumed, and frowned, nfc the contrivances and sorapings and disputings of their make shift existonoo. How sho longed sometimes to forget tho price of earth, air, fire, and water, of fish, flesh, aud fowl. She would have liked silver pieces to givo to the pretty little blaok-pated children who come running and dancing along the sunny streets, and peeping out of darkeucd doorways. Sho would have liked to liny the groat bnnches of roses that the girl with tho sweet be- seeching oyes would hold np to her by the fountain iu the street below ; groat palo pink heads and whito sprays flowering ; and golden and yellow buds among leaves of darkest emerald, green, and purple brown, and shining stems. But it was no uso wish- ing ; roses, too, mean money ; it is only thistles and briars that we raay gather for nothing. So Fanny and Anne stitch on in tho -dark ened room, while Olympia glides about in tjio dark passage outside thoir sitting- room, and Mrs. do Travers dozes in the inner room. It is a bird-ciigo-fi'ltn boudoir out of this sitting room, with qunint dim sgHendorB ( fading away, with mirrors and garlands 1 pninted on thoir surface, red rating poor Mrs. 1 do Travers' nodding head, all orow-ned with roses and emblems of delight ; flhero arar lyie-baoked_ chairs, littlo miniatures hanging! to faded ribbons, and hooks iu the trollic- wall, and an old tapestry carpet -with Re-', becea at the well, and brown utraggling camels ooming up to drink. All ie-quite hot ana silent ; cars. <10 Travers snoree loudly. "Oome, Nancy," says Fanny, from the inner room, " lot ns go for a tern in tbo garden," " My head.aohea," says Anne ; " I should like it. E suppose thoro ivill fce time %a i finish onr work," " Everything is so tiresotr.o," ccys Fanny, impetuously, " and I hate Ladv Oastleairs. ' O doar, how I wish, — I wish I whs cnor- ' mouslyrioh." ( J o be continued J e 