AD?c?CrrIO.-You may remember that I lectured lately for the young gentlemen of the Claytonins Society. During the afternoon of that day I was talking with one of the young gentlemen referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or another, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said: "Oh! If I could only see him laugh once more l Oh! if I could only see him weep." I was toucahed. I could never withstand distress. I said: " Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him for you," "Oh if you could but do it. If you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laughl? an you bring soothing tears Ito those parched orbs P" I was profoundly moved. I said: "My son, bring the old party round. I hare got some jokes in my lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in lhim, and if they miss itre I have got some others that'il make him ory or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man wept on my neck, and presently spread both bands on my head, and looked up toward heaven, mumbling something reverently, and then he went after his uncle. He placed him in full view,in the second row of benches,, that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe onesl I. dosed him with hIad joks, end riddled'him with good cne'; I tired old 'told jokes into him, and peppered him fore and oft cwithi rd,-hot new ones. I wgrmedup., to my work, and assauhlted him on the right and Je4t, in front and behind; I fumed and charged and slioitd' till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furioons--~nt, I never moved himt oicre; I never started a smile or a tear. Never a ghost of a smile, and never a duspition of moisture ! I closed tlhe lecture with one deaspairingi shriek-with onu wild burst of lhmnour-and hnirled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. 'It inever phased him! Then I sat down 'bewilderi'ed ad .er hlausted. The president of the society casme up;end, batlled my head in cold water, and said, "Whit made you carry on so towards the lastP" A sidi,"ulpras trying to make that confounded old idiot I.righ in the' second row." And he said, 'Well,; you wereveasting your time, because he is doafland luihb, a.das.bllind as a badger." Now, was that any waylor dnold tiib?ahn' nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like .sanP -fark 2iain. A countryman stared for full lire miionmutes at.t? placard " Cast Iron Sinks"' exhbibiteda in apl ra shop. At last he triumphantly asked, "Wisp ay?yk doesn't P" and walked off, chuckling. MeTaMONy IN Tc E nTsr'.--The :eiieag lASiai-· tory Gazetle has been informed thatanentrsemelybdd practice regarding the employment ofe]icers prerailns at the Admiralty. It seems that no gopneF doea therea appear in the Times? o announment the anonet otmar.: ringe of a candidate for pemployment than Jorthwith the lhapless bridegroom is posted to a ship: abont to1 start on a voyage to a distant station. In masnyeises the oflicer whose honeymoon is thus inteefered:iwithl declines to join, which is just whatthe :Aclmiialtyc desires and expects. ..'. :' '." MonererY or Tran ScEow Oc PasMAlt1%n~hi much has been written concerning the drndrhltibi the civil population pf Paris doriug"the twbuntjielg'h weeks of the siege, there has been little that ii either accurate or complete. An elaborate risearch by Dr. Henry Sueur presents for the'flist time these desira able qualities. Figures are so little attractiye that few people are probably eyed yet aware thi?t theesge cost upwards of 50,000 lives to the eivil polulatissf He ascertaines that 30,000 Parislans left .Paris lby iail before the investment; hut 190,000 .restlar troope and 170,000 refugees from the suburba entered the city, so that the population' of Paris, on the whole, was raised from 1,890,000 to about 2,00000,?,be excess consisting chiely of men between twenty onbt forty years of asge. The mean mortality of Nse? fo?ur preceding years and of the following yearefpr.theae twenty-eilght weeks was 24,928; that for the twenty eight weeks of 1870-71 was 77,231-an enesa of 52,303, this being apparently the holl whibi d~lth demanded, and the price which the Parisian7tsdi forthe glory of resistance to Bismarck and Von.ltke. T?e mortality fell unevenly on personbpTlaborin~c gep. Between fifteen and twenty- fire, it.was init ' fold. .The general s~prthlit was 'triM "T:.L~hh6'?b tality was least among teen from torty to |x bae took no part in active'serrice, aid liad bsd.i co greeter facilitiks. for raesibting ,eoild 'lif'?dipr The diseases which. cbitri5htedrblli8f:obem mense ineortality were si'-small)k,rb'roiht .e monia, typhoiad fever, diarrbhmapsaid'"dysn Briliek Medical Journsr.." : ?;"" :': - The Janpan erald ef*hheofdthe 2 & 4 ' wholesale murder, says:e-The nhyesohs ot, 15th linstant, frim a ver trastso most diabolical crime lis besi'aom ti .-wd police, in Yedo. Tlhe iity is quiteoai* g ';sn bopt, it. The following are~theimesregajatb a t. pt' sent known :-About a week eins the'?phoi tepjlyof a rich merchasif,' ionsieing of tweole personi--s cept.' ing one smallboy, one of his sons-yas murdered,and a sumof 1400 rios atolenfrom the house. AIupiDa is inquiry was at once inistituted byj'the autborities,!and a number of police, whose beats weresoae ,tpawhere' the murder took place, were examined, but theyisidr they knew nothing of the matter. .The.liitlh:boy;the, only survivor of the thirteen, asithen questionedisd, he was asked bow he escaped. He replied sthata eoon as the fighting commenced he crept intosalargegold: iron pot, and thus eluded the attentidn of ,lieattsok-' ing party. He weas asked bythe ehief man who was holding the inquiry if hde could identify any of the murderers if he saw them. He replied ";TYes,! and, to thie astonishment of all, pointed out first one of the policemen present, and then another, until he picked out some three or four.. They were immidiately. seized, and confessed that severalothber polibemen seo. took part in the murder.' 'It.appeaf" souoiletwnel o them banded themselves together, and agreed to diidd! the spoils. gISCIETFIC AIDS TO sWHERING(.--A Frngh invengi tor hlas patented an appratusfor swimmers, baUt woe, think that any frog might briogtano.aidon iagainst the man for infringement of a dcvie.e 'icured. ?.stho' batrachians by endowment of nature. Fd~rthe hands he has largo membranous gns, whlichfiro held in their place by loops passing 'orpr"thoe fugeres 'ai a strap round the wrist. The surface presented to the water by these fins is so large as to add greqiily to the pTac tiveness of the stroke of the arm, but not.W lla6rg'e as to exhaust the muscular pocr. Their eret 'n t' reduce very muchl the'effort required tb bwinl wailthp" them. But the greatest ingenuity is disitayd in the' form and fitness of the ins which are ~a~lsached' to?he t ankles, and are so forined thlatthy actdiipon.thedsi.t both in the movement of bringing the le toethe anud throwing them 'back. They Ibt ulhly. " treading water," as swimmers :bll ith, t nOnr? ,?n really walk, if net oto the water at last' .it.'?lp, difftrerenee'betweesi swimming twith this ipp?ates arid without it is very much'like, the dfi-dteces between, rowing a boat with the handle and ti'o bla dbn pqr. The swimmer has no trouble in usiig th fins p fliat trial, and is surprised to. find with whi hiase k:e nc swim without exhausting: He easilyFwime twicoe a,. fast with the apparatus as without it, an he can u?e-? ttaiu himself for hours upon the Water sr swimo oil?si with it. IXAAVILLA COOCOA.-Opinion f thiq ps g?ce?i, " Those who have not yet triedMarprilla wi dad'veit to do so."--dtoring Poit ." It many jtily.Ae c~lled, the perfection of prepared Oocoa."-Brietifp?nine , Journal. 