RADICAL REFORM WITH RADICAL RETRENCHMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR, One of my declared purposes in addressing to you the letter which you kindly published in your journal of the 1st instant, was " to entice com- batants to come together to a passage of argument " on. the many serious subjects which relate to the future of our social and political status in this our Island home. My purpose has been realised only partially, but the importance and practicability of my proposals, as regards their principle, if not their exact form, has been proved, I think, beyond question for we look not so much to a multitude of witnesses to prove a case, as to the worth, experience, and credit that is attributed as a right by public opinion to the few who have volunteered their evidence. I allow at once that the evidence elicited is not wholly on my side, but I may venture the assertion that no impartial witness has attacked the principle of my suggestions for " Reform with I Retrenchment." The witnesses to whose evidence I shall principally refer in this letter are; yourself in your leaders, the Lord Bishop of Tasmania in his letter published in The Mercury of the 8th instant, and to the speech of the hon. the Attorney-General on the motion before the House of Assembly for rescinding the no-confidence vote and I beg to tender my thanks to yourself and his Lordship for the favour and consideration with which both have reviewed my crude suggestions. Before I branch off into particulars, it is necessary that I should make a few general remarks upon a VENN of my subject, by way of explanation, which I did not dwell upon at any length in my previous letter, because I intended my heading, " Radical Reform with Radical Retrenchment," to be the key to the interpretation and application of every sentence in my letter. But I suppose the general rule of letter writers, to take one subject and to ventilate another (or if I may venture to face some of your adversaries within the walls of the august Assembly of Parliamentary debate, I should add, the common practice of expatiating upon almost every topic that vague imagination can suggest, except that of the motion before the House), has militated against my intention, and misled both you and the Bishop into forgetfulness that my principle is not single, but duplex, in its proposed application first and foremost, Radical Reform in the working and machinery of the several institutions referred to by me, by which reform incalculable social benefits will be interwoven with the daily duties and occupations of all classes of our community (I abhor the specialty of class legislation) and secondly, Radical Retrenchment," under which part of my subject I have tried to prove not only that the reform can be introduced, free of cost, to the Public Treasury, but that its strong recommendation at the present crisis of an empty purse, a falling revenue, and increasing demands on our Public Exchequer, is that within its operations may be found the remedy for the ills and burdens which make this fair part of God's creation groan, or, as the Bishop has put it, " the financial difficulty of the colony may prove to be our salvation 3" and taking advantage of the opportunity, which may induce some to act only from the desire to avoid I increased taxation, I would introduce the reform which may, and I think would, prove of more permanent advantage to all classes of our population than even retrenchment or any other changes, political or social, which the legislative powers of our new Parliament could in its wisdom establish. In your leading articles, you have not so much ignored my chief purpose as has the Bishop. The latter writes : " What I desire as an education- alist, your correspondent i desires as a political economist. " If the Bishop means that I advocate, with some measure of audacity, my principle of reform in our educational system, only as a political economist, allow me very respectfully to assure the Bishop that His Lordship is greatly mistaken. However much I may desire to strike off £50,000 per annum from the Appropriation Bill, I consider it of ten times more consequence to remedy the glaring defects that permeate our too highly vaunted public system of education. I know well its faults. I know that there exists at present no machinery to remedy those faults. I am not now crying down the principles and rules of our public education, these may be good, although capable of improvement ; but I condemn in unmeasured terms the working of our public schools, and lament Nvith many that there is no power to regulate the schools. At least one-half of the public vote is wasted. Neither in our duty as educationalists, nor with our menus as colonists, can we much longer patiently tolerate present extravagance and imperfection. But, Sir, I will not now ventilate this subject ; the Bishop may perhaps favour the public through your columns with some further interesting details of the educational system of foreign lands, and I would suggest to His Lordship a practical synopsis of an educational framework applicable to our circumstances, under my proposed reform, entirely approved, as I believe it is, by the Bishop in doing which he would greatly assist in promoting a more efficient system ; and I would suggest that the reports of the Privy Council of Education (DoWning-street, London), 1845 to 1850, and specially the reports of the Rev. F. C. Cook, H.M. Inspector of Schools, be consulted, Mr. Cook having been conversant with the Prussian system, which iagonorally admitted to be superior to those referred to by the Bishop, and from which many materials have been taken and interwoven with the present English system, I know no one who, from his knowledge, position, and ox pedigree, is better adapted for this task than the Bishop, His Lordship's example would probably induce other able men to handle the subject, until the time should come for appointing a commission to mould into practical shape the suggestions of different persons, as a guide to early legislation. The Bishop has bravely endorsed the opinion I hazarded that local management is the essential to be aimed at, but the right of such management should be purchased on the party local Boards, by local contributions." Yes, Sir, our local Boards are ghosts, as the Bishop says, I think them more iniaohiovous-mero myths, for all the good they do-and filling the post from which good should emanate. They must have power, but regulated power, otherwise items custodian! (MGM confides ? I approve of some of the Bishop's suggestions to remedy present evils, and I have no objection to the intermixture of the children of the poor and of a higher grade, provided the interests of the poor are guarded against undue partiality for the rich, and that the higher fees of the latter be paid into the Treasurer's purse and the master paid in proportion to work done without regard to the higher fees of the richer class ; whilst the Bishop's suggestion (if I rightly understand it) that the higher grade children should not be examined with the poorer is both now and valuable To pass from the subject of education to that of charities, I am glad to find that one of the Bishop's position and experience endorses my proposal with arguments resting on the same principle of local responsibility. Every homeless beggar must be localised, must have what the Bishop calls an " adopted district." The evil of nomadic habits will not die out with the present generation of beggars; and if it would, why should we wait for such a result ? Why should we not attempt, and with firm ness, to remedy the evil for the sake of the unhappy individuals, whose present habits lead them to worse and worse ruin, but whose days on earth, foNV or many, might be turned to good account for them selves and the colony, if they could be made ad- scripts i//i'/w," and obliged to cease their nomadic habits, and therewith their power of mischief. To say this cannot be done is simple nonsense to say there is no agricultural work for such hands is to contradict experience ; I know thousands of acres of rich agricultural land that now hear little more than tussocks of coarse grass, where an aero that now barely keeps one or two sheep would with labour fatten twenty. Why, Sir, your columns of the 14th instant contained a letter about mangolds grown at Mona Vale 46 tons to the acre. Then why does not the proprietor of Mona Vale employ men for extensive agriculture for the fattening of cattle and sheep to supply our home market, instead of obliging merchants to import beef and mutton and export money, which ought to be kept here The fact is, Mr. Editor, that the best lands of our colony are monopolised by men who love their ease and themselves far better than they love their country, who do not and will not employ labour, except during the foNV weeks of the shearing season, although the skilful employment of labour in improvements and agriculture would be a source of permanent profit to the landowners, and of prosperity to the country. The decentralization of our educational and charitable institutions will, I believe, be the best, if not the only remedy for this crying evil, and in effect would bring about reduction of pauperism, the settlement of loafers and wanderers, the improvement of sheep-runs, the extension of agriculture, the profit of employers, and the prosperity of the colony. It is folly to quote low and unprofitable prices of cereal produce, and in the same column the high, almost extravagant, prices of beef, mutton, ' pork, bacon, hams, and other necessaries, and to complain that farming will not pay. Did it never occur to the farmer that corn, potatoes, and the like could be profitably converted into bacon, hams, &e.;, for which there is an unlimited demand, even now in part supplied from Europe ? Where are the horses that are wanted for the Indian market in any ? quantity at high prices, and even for our own home supply ! I am not referring to the "weeds " that, are not worth feeding, but such horses as skilful farmers and breeders should be proud to show, and would be able to sell. Go to the sale yards of our auctioneers, and show me, if you can one horse in I a hundred than is worth his keep. I , I am, Mr. Editor, Your obedient servant, RETRENCHMENT. (To be continued.) 