English Mail ? Religious Anniversaries.— The gatherings of the various religi ous societies in London, commonly known as the May meetings, were riot marked this year by any unusual eloquence or enthusiasm, but manifested a steady increase of Christian effort throughout the church, adhere- were frequent references to the great questions of the day, especially that, of education, which, since the passing, of Mr. ' Forster's Act, has been brought into a marked prominence. It is impossible to give to, our readers any digest of the proceedings that would adequately describe them. All that can be done is to prmt a few extracts, taken somewhat at random. ? -?'CHURCH MISSIONAJtil DUUlHiXX. — uiu lutuuiouujj uj. u»UUu-;i.v t- speech was one of the great features of this meeting. In the course of it His Grace remarked :—' There can be no doubt that there are alarming symptoms abroad which are not perhaps without their echoes in this country, that Christianity is now presenting itself to the nations under two aspects, against both of which I am thankful to say this 'society is a standing protest, and not merely this society, but all the great missionary organisations connected with Protestant .Churches. Under one aspect Christianity is presented as given up altogether to bigotry and superstition, under the other, as robbed of those great essential features without which it is not Christianity at all.. It certainly is not the Christianity of Christ and His apostles, and could never have done the work which God commissioned it to do upon earth. Well, it is true, that to the nations of the earth these two unfortunate phases of a spurious Christianity do present themselves with great power. Thank God, in this country neither the one nor the other has, I believe, as yet made any great progress. We live in a free country— a country where noisy minorities occasion ally excite a whole nation ; but in spite of these noisy minorities, we who belong to the great majority of the Church of England, which has done such great things in the world in past times, and for which we believe a career is yet reserved which shall far exceed m its results anything that has been clone hitherto— we believe with regard to this society, which is engaged heart and soul in missionary efforts, that it is the essential doctrines of Christianity that give it its power of reaching human hearts in every portion of the earth. Now, it is because I for one believe that these great missionary efforts in which we are engaged, bringing us face to face with unre generate human nature in its worst aspects, and teaching us how dreadful is the conflict which has to be waged with various forms of wickedness throughout the world ; it is, I say, because I believe that these missionary efforts force us to look to the real Gospel of Jesus Christ in its integrity and its simplicity, that the differences which divide Christians, many of which depend upon the mere outside of Christianity, are gradually mitigated and disappear when we stand face to face with heathenism ; it is because I believe that these mis sionary efforts force us to recognise the great power of the simple, genuine gospel of Jesus Christ, that I hold that missionary efforts have a reflex influence upon all our efforts for the improvement of our own church at home, and all our efforts to bring our own popula tion to that standard to which they ought to be raised in a land which God has blessed with a superabundance of light and a super abundance of wealth.' British and Foreign Bible Society.— Tins meeting was highly satisfactory. Exeter Hall was densely crowded, and the speeches were worthy of the occasion. As might be expected, the work of the society in Italy was a theme' taken up by the Lai-1 of Shaftesbury and other speakers. The Rev. W. Piggott, who has been labouring for several years in Padua, gave somo interesting details in regard to the Italian sphere of the society's labours; and while he uttered a word of caution as to the exaggerated statements of enthusiastic tourists, he declared that there were good reasons for -hoping : that at no very distant period Italy would really become in the words of the noble chairman, ' a glory and praise in the earth.' Mr Piggott also referred to the position occupied by the « old Catholics' as compared with 'fthe very old Catholics,' such as Clement and Ignatius and was loudly chrnvd in declaring that between Popery and the Bible there can be no uv.ee. 'Your report tells of some thousands of the Holy Scriptures, ch-h.n- in their entireness or in portions, circulated every month, and of hundreds of thousands sold and circulated since the opening of Italy in 1859. Now what, I ask, has become of these copies of God's Word ? What are they doing? Where are they ?? I should say, judging from my own personal observation, that baieiy a third part has been sold within the circle of our existing Evangelical churches and congregations. Then where are the remaining two thirds? A caviller may say, 'Many of them have fallen i into to hands of the priests and have been confiscated ami destroyed, .be it so. 'Many of them have been bought and sold again, and ^tom ^ip in defiance and scorn in unexpected quarters; many of^m have been purchased under the impulse of curiosity, or by way oi P10te^ against priestly interdiction, and lie dust-covercd on the book shelves' Be it so Make all these deductions, theie will stm be I largfresldue; and where are they? ^V™™^^ huts in the far-off mountain valleys, amidst th e 'ch Lombaid plains, under the shadow of the lofty chesnuts, and among the oiange groves of Sicily. , They are in the. knapsacks.- of, the soldiers,-the.;Stal- wart sons of Italy gathered from ; tile', 'nprth,,from,-.iihe: south, *om the east, and from, the west.. j'JIhe'y are in' the^tuclies^f, .thoughtful priests, who are timidly, inquiring after the truth or vainly hoping for what I believe will never come while; Popery, is ?..Popery— that is, reform from within the church. .,.' They, are in the. hands of the Nico demuses, who would fain come to Christ, but not in the light of day ; and of thoughtful sceptics and of . simple-heattqd Catholics,, who, in that confusion Of mind Which the liberal God will condone,. are read ing them together with their Litanies to Mary, and their guide-books to the confessional for the ailments of. their souls. -They are doing what the sap is doing in the tree during the long winter months ; what the seed corn is doing under the soil before it peers out into the sunshine; what the leaven is doing whileit is secretly and silently, by processes undistinguishable unto us, diffusing itself in the mass. Just as that sap is preparing the verdant glory of the. coming spring; just as that seed corn has in itself the prophecy and the promise of the coming'harvest ; just as that leaven will leaven the whole lump, so these copies of the Holy Scriptures, diffused, through Italy, by the agency of your colporteurs are preparing for Italy a glorious springtide, a glorious harvest, and, a leavened purity and sw;eet ness. That is what they are ..doing. .Let no one- think that' I am over-sanguine, and that I overlook, our difficulties. No one who has laboured for half-a-score of years in Italy is likely to err-in over enthusiasm. There is a scoffing, mocking, ; materialistic scepticism with which we have to grapple. Here, in this impious crusade, Popery and incredulity join hands... And what wonder? ; Are. they not near akin ? Is not one the unfaithful spouse, and tne otner. tne bastard child? There are men in Italy ..who. read the. Scriptures men of popular influence, journaUsts, pamphleteers, orators, m Par liament. And why do they read the Scriptures I . Just as the bcribes and Pharisees went to hear Jesus Christ, in order that, they may blaspheme the Holy Scriptures as jugglery,- and may pervert and misrepresent what they say. I have read articles on the. bon oi God himself, upon the character of Jesus, which have made me think shudderingly of the unpardonable sin of blasphemy . against the Holy Ghost. And there are the choice Italians, the picked lemons of the power of darkness. But we do not. fear. The Lord of Hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our ark and refuge, and the victory shall one day be ours. Mighty influences -the' influences of the blessed Spirit-are working with- us. The Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol alluded in cautious terms to the unballowecl alliance between a large section of the Evangelical Dissenters and the Secularists for advocating the exclusion of the Bible from the National Schools. His Lordship concluded with a triple appeal:-' I appeal to all of those who are feeling themselves constrained to withdraw the Bible from our schools as a pa r t of the education-as fathers I will appeal to them-as parents to think .of these little ones in Christ, and those words so inclusive, so signifi cant, and never more fully realised than when the teacher, stands with the Master'sBook.in his hand-those tender words ??ggegw** tender arms were clasping the children-,' Suffer the little ones, to come unto me' I win not repeat the: other words, i or none .among us would do that. I will rest my appeal : only on this-,' _Suffei.the Stt7e ones to come unto me.' Surely tha t ^^the text of every earnest member of this Society. . I will. appeal- 'to them to c byan argument that may be very speedily passed over-an appeal sc.aicely worth Eluding toyperhaPsy-fcall.who ^our WibhTlwll all who feel with me that her greatness rests on+the Jble-^I wUl appeal to them to watch every effort, whatever ^ W ! be, _that tends to do what I ventured to deprecate-to denationalise the Bible in Sis country. Lastly, I make an appeal to them as dear fnends and fellow-Christians, bound by love of the same ^\^^\l same o-veat object, though by different ways, I will beg them to ^mbeiour^asantco'mpaiiionship. I will be ^ them* tOg thmkof how wo have walked together in this ou r venerable Societ 7 Jf^nds, and to think of the strange, unwonted company mto^whichthg must by the nature of things have been thrown. I c artfully absta n from ushig one word todesignateexactlywhatlmeanbutwh^ understand and sympathise with, because I would not that an aUdiess £SEES53ffi23gg§ weeks, and I f e ^OT JoVe you: and I conclude in the same spirit S3S^hJmS?SaSSSrS^ speak throughout, with the prayer that in thfc and in all things we maybe one, even as our Lord and our to 'denationalise the Bible?' Was the question of national educa +L the cmestion for which the meeting was summoned? It has Si TloTitZ since we heard such outrageous a n fading twaddle on this matter as was uttered by Dr. Ellicott ana ur. xyng Thte former lectured us in a most lugubrious fashion, which he evidently thought was the perfection of Christian charity, while the latter, with a self-complacency possible only to an American Episco palian, spoke of his own adherence to truth and the Bible, even though England's sun should set in denial and infidelity.' I'ASTORAL Aid Society. — The Earl of Shaftesbury at this rilccting ? gave some plain-spoken criticisms on the state of the Church of England: — ' I do wish that the clergy in general would not give forth an uncertain sound. I do wish that there were more solemnity, truth, vigour, perspicuity, more reality in the doctrines which they preach ; I do wish that the great doctrines of the Reformation were more revived, and enforced, and carried out in the daily life of the clergy ; I do wish, in short, that the clergy would not give in so much to the tendency in the present day towards flirtations with neology or superstition, or with both. There is another matter to which I wish to direct your attention. I will not say on which side the fault lies— it may be partly on both sides — but I must say that I cannot but regret for the sake of the cause of Christianity in this country that we are not, as churchmen, on better terms with evangelical Nonconformists. I regret deeply to say that the breach appears to be Widening ; I have had experience myself that such is the case. What was so exceedingly difficult before — I mean the settlement of differences — has become still more difficult, through the raising of that dangerous, and at the same time silly, question of the elimination of the Bible from our schools. Even before that question was raised, our relative position was by no means Satis factory: biit the difficulty cannot but be vastly increased when straiige men come forward with the strange, the inconceivable, .and the audacious proposition — I feel that I might, almost ransack the whole dictionary, and not find Words strong enough to express my feelings on this question which has been made with 'regard to our schools — when men could be found solemnly to declare that it Ayas their will and intention to exclude from the education of the children the Word of the living God. 1 am sorry also to be obliged to acknowledge that there is a widening of the breach between the clergy and the laity of the church — -what I mean by the clergy being not so much the parochial clergy as the dignitaries. You hear a great deal of talk about the desire of the clergy to admit the laity. to a share in the administration of church matters; but when any im portant questions come to be dealt with, somehow or other the laity are totally forgotten. As to Convocation, it never seems to consider what are the feelings of the laity. For example, there is the case of the New Prayer-book Bill. That Bill may have some good things in. it, and it may have some objectionable ones : but there is one thing : that I have observed more or Ies3 in everything that Convocation touches with a view to legislation, and that is an Intention to give increased power to the episcopate. Against that I protest. In a great number of matters the bishops have already sufficient power, in others they have a great deal too much, and I stand up for the independence of the parochial clergy. Now I wish very much to. see this breach healed. I think it may be healed, but then it must be healed through a determination on the part of the laity to assert their rights and maintain their position. I firmly believe that it is only in that way that we can secure combined and useful action^ and promote the prosperity of our church. There is another thiri£ which requires to be looked at very carefully; for it is one of the dangers that beset our church. There seems to me to be an overweening confidence in the power of the Church of England to maintain her denominational system of education. I trust that by the blessing of God she will ever maintain that system, because I can have no con fidence in any system of education that is not what is called denomina tional. The school teaching of the church must, if it is to be in accordance with her Articles, in accordance with her formularies, and in accordance with her spirit, be to a certain extent denominational As to the giving little odds and ends of time, of five minutes in the morning, and five minutes in the evening, to religious teaching, I would ask how can any one impart to children a knowledge of the great and saving truths of religion in that way? Even at present, teachers have far too little time for such an important part of their duties, and when it is found that during school hours Parliament will not even allow the Bible to be read, and when with this is embodied the fact that the Government inspectors are not in their reports to take at all into account the religious teaching, I cannot help fearing that religious teaching will become a mere residuum, and that even some of thebest of the teachers will, in the end, do little more than tell the children that there is such a being as God, and that there is such a thing as the Bible.' In reference to the country clergy,he said : — ' I believe thatthe Church of England is much stronger in the towns than in the rural districts, and for two reasons. In the first place, the clergy in towns, generally speaking, go among these people, seek them out, busy themselves with the efforts made for their benefit, while the conduct of the clergy, in a vast number of the rural parishes, is very different. Then, again, llitualism is not, as a rule, carried on as much in the town as in the country parishes. In many rural parishes there, is a great deal of fanciful work, and the result is that many families will not go to church, and leave the clergy to have if all their own way. This state of things has produced a very great effect among, the rural population, and knowing, as I do, something about the rural population, I feel sure that whsnever the suffrage shall have been extended to the lower class of that population, if the ques tion of the maintenance of a State Church is seriously raised in Par liament, a very large proportion of the peasantry will give their yotes against the Church of England. Why? Simply because of the very large extent to which the clergy who have ministered among them have introduced such a quantity of fine millinery and other things, which were not worth the money spent upon them. Ah ! and we have to deal also, and this is indeed a serious matter, with a vast mass of indifference, extending from the highest to the lowest class of society. It is perfectly astounding what sleepiness pervades a very large proportion of the members of the Church of England.' . The subject of the evening communions did not escape his Lordship's notice : — ' The Lord's Supper should be administered in the evening 4 by clergymen of our church, by ordained ministers, observing Avhat is requisite for decency and order. I would say to the clergy present Depend upon it these people will have the Lord's Supper in the even ing, and I leave them to say whether; although those who have administered it in tile way I have indicated teach Evangelical truth) they arc by their education and position adapted for the administration of that sacred ordinance. I feat that if the clergy do not open their churches for evening communion, the result will bo that we shall have some forty or fifty new denominations or associa tions in different parts of London ; and all this because the Churchy of England was stiff and starched, instead of showing that flexibility which is required to enable her to adapt herself to the wants, feel ings, and habits of the people. There is one other point that I wish to mention, and here also I feel that I am speaking the sentiments of the laity. The question of the Athanasian Creed has beqn discussed for some days past in the Lower House of Convocation. T will not say in what way that question should be settled, but rely upon it that the compulsory recital of the Athanasian Creed in the services of our church cannot be maintained.' ! :? V Colonial and Continental Church Society.— We notice the speech of the Eev. Edward Forbes, who, as the chaplain appointed ', by this society to minister to British residents in Paris, passed through the dangers of the siege, and what has been called the second reign of terror under the Communists. Speaking of those who sympathise with Father Hyacinthe- he said :—' How far this movement will proceed remains to be seen. ? It goes much further than lopping ofE infallibility. Midland distinctly takes ;his stand. upon this, that no - doctrine is to be received which contradicts .God's written Word. : Connected with the movement are. about sixty priests, who only hold back'fi'om. declaring themselves because starvation. stares them in the face. I do not say .they have come into the clear light and liberty, of : j the gospel, but they hold in the main its fundamental and saving truths, and need our sympathy, prayers, and support. France at;, this time is in a remarkable state. Restless, stricken,; bleeding, .??;?? weary, she cries like the man. of Macedonia for help.. .She. has, tried. ? statesmanship. What are her revolutions but a restless heaving ??, by which she has thrown off oneform of government after another? She has tried, Romanism, but the masses of her people arc infidel, and absolutely refuse it. A believer in materialism, she looked with . pride upon her armies, but they melted away. Dev.otcd to luxury, she lived deliciously, setting the fashion to admiring nations, but she has sat in sackcloth, reduced by famine and desolated by war. -What does she need? In one word, the gospel of Christ; not 'Libcrte, . JEgalite, Fraternite,' written upon ghastly ruins, mocking the heart of the people, but that liberty with which Christ makes His people free, that equality which makes them to sit in heavenly, places with Himself, that fraternity He gives who is not ashamed to call His people brethren. Never was there a time when ? our Protestant brethren needed more sympathy and help. At first it was, feared, Germany being a Protestant nation, their cause would suffer,' but God has wonderfully overruled it ; for the kindness shown by. the Swiss to the wounded and scattered forces which fled to Switzerland, and.the kindness shown in many instances by the Germans to their prisoners, has led several of the returned soldiers when ill to send for the Protestant pastor. Still further the French have been led to inquire whence the better discipline alid intelligence of the German troops, and they have attributed it to their religion. There is a remarkable good feeling at this moment in Paris towards Protes tantism. The Protestant schools are filled to overflowing, and mothers' meetings, and meetings for the exposition of the Scriptures, are being well attended.' ??? ? Canon Ryle on the Reform of Convocation. — At a meeting of the Church Association, Mr. Ryle read a valuable paper on a sub ject that has assumed, during the last few years, a pressing impor tance. The following is a digest of his remarks : — ' I challenge any one to deny that there is much in the present aspect of the subject, of Convocation which is unsatisfactory in the extreme. Here, on the one side, you have a little clerical Parliament, assembling annually for a few weeks, to discuss matters of grave interest to the~Church of England. It is an ancient institution, undoubtedly, and forms an integral part of the British Constitution. It is an assembly which fairly claimed at one period to be the representative Synod of the Church of England, but at the present day represents it most inade quately, as I shall presently show. It is an assembly which slept a long: and useful sleep from the reign of Queen Anne to the reign of Queen Victoria, but within the last fifteen years has been galvanised into a pernicious activity, and; chiefly through the exertions of High Churchmen. jVWithpiit'fppweyi.^pjJpriginate any measure, unable to touch or alter : a' single letter ofjvour ecclesiastical laws, except by royal ^license and consent ;, of ?;Parliament, ignored entirely by many, neglected , and ridiculed ' by others,;this ecclesiastical assembly ? has fairly^talked /itself into a; positidn of ; importance, and made itself felt as akindpf ijower in the land. At length it has succeeded in getting matters of; grave momdnt preferred to it, as if its opinion were the : opinion of ; the :Church of .England. The famous ' Lcctionary Bill' is a .sample ipf: .what I meaxv Finally, this very year, Con vocation :hfis j received a ' letter of business' from the Queen, authorising: it to consider part of the report of the Ritual Commis sion, and to endorse the ' Shortened Services ' Bill. What next? andwhat next?-. No man can tell. This, only,' I venture boldly to assert: Unless English churchmen awake to a sense of duty and inr terfere, Convocation, allowed to go on undisturbed in its present course, may do an immense amount of harm. There is nothing like coming . to facts. Let us concentrate our. attention for a few moments oni the Lower House of Convocation in the province of Can terbury. Let us analyse its component parts, and see of what it is made. Is it or is it not a body that faithfully represents the Church oil England? Is it a body that is entitled to have grave questions referred to it by Government, and do its Arotcs and utterances, ex press the sentiments of the great body of churchmen.? Let us. see. The Lower House of Convocation consists of .146 members. Of these 145 no less than 23 are deans, 56 are archdeacons, 24 are proctors^ of the cathedral chapters, and only -12 are proctors for the parochial clergy. In a, word, this House contains 103 cx-ofieio members and represen tatives of capitular bodies to only 42 elected representatives of the whole of the parochial clergy of the province of Canterbury. Such is the body which has received a ' letter of business ' from authority, and is supposed to represent a large portion of the Church of England. Such is the body which some of our friends say ought to be let alone. Its defects, I maintain, arc glaring, patent, and immense. Its first de fect is tiheextravagant preponderance of the official element in its com position. The second defect of the Lower House of Convocation is the absurd!}' small proportion of elected representatives of the parochial clergy which it contains. The third and last defect of Convocation is the entire absence of the lay element in its constitution. This is an enormous and intolerable defect, in my judgment, and one which alone is destructive of any good that Convocation might do. The laity have a Scriptural right to have a place and a voice in church assemblies, and no church is in a healthy state which excludes them. Even in its proceedings and debates it is impossible not to notice very objectionable features. One is the extraordinary amount of absenteeism among its members. The great questions which have lately come before the House have not drawn together more than half its members. In the recent division on the Athanasian Creed only 7 deans out of 23, and 22 archdeacons out of 55, put in any appearance at all. What is the nature of the reform which we should endeavour to obtain? In the first place, I think we should seek to obtain a complete fusion of the two Houses of Canterbury and York into an homogeneous body. In the second place, I think we should seek to obtain a much fuller representation of 'the parochial clergy . ? In the third place, I think we should try to obtain the entire exclu sion of all ex-offlcio members from the Lower House. In the fourth place, I think we should firmly demand that all elections of proctors for .Convocation should be 'conducted on the principle of the cumula tive vote and the representation of minorities. Iu the last place, we must try to obtain the admission of the' laity into the Lower House of Convocation. ?- This is a point of paramount importance.' The paper was brought to a close with an urgent appeal to the Evan gelical clergy; :— ' The Church of England expects all her children in this day to do their duty, her Evangelical sons as well as any. That duty is not the line of conduct adopted by the tribe of Keuben, to abide continually in our sheepfolds and hear the bleating of the 'flock, but to take a deep and lively interest in everything that. affects the welfare of our beloved Church of England, and not least in such questions as the reform of Convocation. We want men who, like ? Barak, will come to the help of the Lord against the mighty ; who, like Zebulun and Napkthali, are ready to jeopardise their lives in the high places in the maintenance of truth ; men who look, not only at what is pleasant, but what is the path of duty ; men who, like the ? family of Mcrari. will take as much care of the pins and boards of the .v ? tabernacle as the Aaronites did of the ark.- In love to Evangelical principles I give place to none. But I never can withhold my opi nion that we need ' educating' to take more practical and active . interest in all that affects the Church of England as an ecclesiastical system. We hare kept aloof too. long, and allowed other churchmen to manage all affairs of church organisation pretty much as they please. It is high time to change our plan. Let us he men of understanding of the age, and not least in this matter of Convoca tion. Church reform is a thing that must be taken up if we want to ward oil1 church disestablishment ; and after the events of the last three months, I say boldly that 'reform' should begin with Convocation. Last, but not least, ! let me express an earnest hope that my Evangelical brethren will not give way to a gloomy and desponding frame of mind in-view of the perils which seem to beset the Church of England. Are not many, too many, too ready to raise the cry. 'The church is going to pieces — it is all up with us — there is no hope — let us secede — let us form a free church — it is no use to try to amend matters'? May I venture to remind those who talk in this way that matters were far worse in the Church of England a hundred years ago, in the days of Eomaine and Venn ; and yet these gallant men never talked of seceding, but stuck to their posts and wrought a revival in the Church of England. There is really no reason for despair. Let us have more faith in God. Let ris not look to numbers and majorities, but look to the strength of truth and the power of the Holy Ghost, Let us not play the enemy's game by spiking our guns, evacuating our fortress, and leav ing it in the hands of unfaithful churchmen. Let us resolve to fight on to the last, so long as there is a plank to fight on. The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, nor the victory to the majority. The Lord God of Eomaine and Venn is not dead, but alive. He will stand by us if we stand by Him. It was a noble vote of thanks that the Roman senate passed to a defeated consul when they commended him because ' he did not despair of the Republic.' Let us go and do likewise. Let us hope on and hope on, and not give way to despair.' ' Quicunque Vult.' — It is impossible to follow the debates of Convocation on this subject, nor is it worth while to crowd our columns with the amendments and counter-amendments which have issued in nothing practical, and have only served to rekindle the embers of an ancient controversy. There are two parties at present aeking for a relaxation of the rubric relative to the Athanasian Creed : the one a Broad Church and latitudinarian party, who object to the creed because they object to the doctrines contained in the Creed ; the other is an ? orthodox and Evangelical party, who object to the Creed because, while they devoutly assent to the doctrines, .they protest agai list the damnatory clauses and against their fitness to constitute a part of public worship. The Archbishop of Canter bury's' words, before giving a casting vote in the Upper House, will commend themselves to many minds as conveying a common-sense view of the subject: — ' The words of the damnatory clauses are ac ceptable by no person without some qualification, and the remarks of my right rev. brethren have convinced me of the accuracy of those words. The old declaration was oftentimes made with reservation, i but that system was dying out, and in maintenance of our assent to - the damnatory clauses, it is very desirable to get rid of the old state of things. That is the reason why I said what I did. As to the damnatory clauses I do desire to retain what is said by our Lord him self, and to abstain from anything more, so that the people may not take the real thunder of the Almighty for the thunder of men.' PKAYERrBOOK Rkvision in Ireland.— The General Synod con cluded its sitting after a session of 29 days. The sum of the litur gical changes made by the Synod is small. All the 'black letter' saints have been struck out of the calendar, the apocryphal lessons and extracts expunged, and some verbal alterations made, which were rendered necessary by the passing of the Church Act. The Eevision Committee has been reappointcd, and an expression of public opinion as to other points in which changes are demanded will be elicited before next meeting. Among the alterations which have been received with favour, though it is reserved for further con sideration, is one suggested by the Bishop of Killaloe in the sacra mental service. He proposes to change the position of the passage which refers to the ' creatures of bread and wine,' and place it after, instead of before the words of consecration, thus involving a declara tion irreconcilable with the interpretation of the Eitualist party. With the exception of some bills for the regulation of the cathedrals, the session was a blank as regards legislation. MONSIGNOR CAPEB ON THE TYRANNY OF RITUALISM. — An eminent Ultramontane ecclesiastic vindicating liberty of speech and action, and protesting against the tyranny of a confessional, is certainly a curious sign of the times. What reasons the Ultramontane leaders may have for commencing an attack after this fashion on the 'Anglo- Catholic' system, which has done so much for Eome, we do not now discuss. Monsignor Capel has commenced a series of lectures on ' The Present Movement towards Catholicism in Eng land.' In one delivered at the Pro- Cathedral, at Kensington, he condemned Ritualism as a revolt against archbishops, bishops, Con vocation — everything. While he had the greatest affection for some engaged in the movement, he also knew of others who were dis honest, and held men's souls in servitude. Where, he asked, was the authority of these men. Dr. Newman gave back to Oxford the authority it had given him, and that was the first impetus given to the movement called 'Catholic.' But how changed! How marvellous the contrast between the conduct of Newman and of the men who now directed not the movement, but worked in it, who defied their archbishops and bishops, who defied all authority, and claimed for themselves an authority that no bishop or priest of the Catholic Church dare claim! For them the voice of the bishop was not the voice of authority. Notwithstand ing the Articles of the Church of England, this new body of men loudly declared, on their own authority, that there are seven sacraments, and not two. Notwithstanding the asser tions of their own Prayer- book, they permitted the adoration of the body of the Lord. Notwithstanding the distinct voices of their own bishops and the distinct expressions of their own Prayer book, they were obliged to contort and pervert the latter so as to give a colouring to their own position. Their Prayer-book said that those who were in trouble of conscience should turn to their clergy, and seek from them counsel and comfort; but the practical commentary of the Eitualists upon that was to insist upon all persons going regularly to their confession. They went further, and permitted the use of the statues and images at devotions, and all that Catholics did in their devotion to the Blessed Virgin. Where was the smallest ground for their authority to do this? If the Ritualists were asked for their authority, one of their answers was that they followed the practices of the church of antiquity. That was utterly false, because the rites they had introduced into London, such as the ' three hours' agony,' were unknown to the ancient church. These were not prac tices of antiquity, but practices introduced since the Council of Trent. Earnest as these men were, great as were the sacrifices they made, they had not a shred of authority for what they did. If they had any authority it might be summed up in a sentence : — They imitated Rome to the fullest possible extent. Was it possible there could be a living power in that body? When men were in doubt, and were taking onward steps to the Catholic Church, these Ritualists who had defied their bishops were in the habit of saying they would take upon themselves the responsibility of these people's souls. Neither Pope, bishop, nor priest had a right to hold a position of that kind ; but the Ritualists, having usurped authority and defied their bishops, laid down such things as these. In such' servitude did this authority hold people that — and an English audience would scarcely believe it —these people dictated whom their flocks should see, whom they should know, and whether they should visit their friends or not. Where was the Catholic priest who dare do such things without bringing down upon him the severest censure of his church ? Catholic priests had nothing to do with these things. Their authority was spiritual ; but to dictate to people whom they were to see and whom they were not to see— to tell people it was a deadly sin to enter a Catholic church in this country, but not so across the Channel, was to him the very acme of folly. He knew people who were held in a servitude in this respect that was to him simply appalling. Were he to read to the congregation letters in his possession, written on those very points by people who were becoming Catholics, he felt sure each person present would declare he could scarcely believe what was read. There was ? this abyss between the Catholics and the Eitualists. The former had an authority, and-ubmitted to it; they believed in an authority, but the Eitualists believed it not, because they were bound to take autho rity from themselves.' He earnestly exhorted his hearers not to submit to an authority until' they were convinced it existed, but to hold the freedom of which they boasted as Englishmen in their own hands. This address has excited universal attention. The HeJw remarks : — ' No set of brilliants from Birmingham, no ' warranted' Titian from Wardour-street, could be more ruthlessly denounced as an imposture by an expert than were the ' usages' of his imitators denounced by the Monsignor. This, it may be thought, was, in all conscience, unpleasant enough. But we fear that worse remained behind. Not . only are the Ritualists sorry pretenders, but they are also— if the Morisignor is.;to be believed — not quite so good as they should be. ? . We -i have; before now expressedour opinion of the petty evasions practised by those who. argue, that to lift the chalice to a level with the brow is not to 'elevate it,' and that to insert a small slab of marble into a table makes it a .' table' in the eye of the law,' and an 'altar' in. the eye of a devout Ritualist. , Monsignor Capel, we are glad to notice, fully endorses our opinion upon these and similar points, and declares of the Ritualist clergy of the Church of England — the sham Romans, as he seems to call them — that ' notwithstand ing the distinct voices of their own bishops, and the distinct expres sions of . their own Prayer-book, they are obliged to distort and pervert. the latter so as to give. a colouring to their own position.' This .is plain speaking; but amongst the many facts which the Monsignor quoted to support his case was one which is sufficiently conclusive. Is it true, or is it not, that the extreme Ritualists explain, the advice given in the Prayer- book, to the effect that those who are in trouble of conscience arc to turn to their clergy, and to seek from them counsel and comfort, to mean that all persons are to go regularly to. confessional ? If this be. so, all that can be said is that the.Monsignor's language was hardly too strong.' 