MISOELLANEOUS. TinE ORIaIN' o SnIYL0Oik-,A oorrces. pondant of the Joewish Chroolle' olls ettention to ithe feoot thot :th'e original of Shakesporo'seShyloek was aOlhristian and not a Jew. He quotes from the oloronibh hookof GeoorOri ILti's "]Biogrtphy ofo Sextus V." in proof of this., A Roman meorhant;'notaed Seohi Iheard that Ad. miral Franoia Blake had. onqutercd St. Dolmingo, and eommunioted the news to a Jowish morlhaont nooted Coned!n. The latter 0was so onfident in theo falsonese of the nomw that after repoeated pr'testations ho said, , I bet a pound of my 'flesh that theOireport is untrue." " And I lay a tihoisond soudi against it," rejoined lthe Obristion, wlt ouusod a bond to be drawn up' to the offeot that in eose the report' shonuld prove untruo then the Christian merehant, Signor Paul MI. Seohi, is bound toe pay the Jewish ,merohaot thlb 'sum 'of one thousand.soudi; and on :hbo other hand, if'ih' truth of this news be nou* frmed, the. Christino merohanot, Sigdor Paul.M~I: Seobi,is ju stifled and empowered to out with his own hand, "With a whil harpeIned kntife, a pouid 'of the JOew's fair flosh; off that part of the body it aight please himt, When the tnows pioved true, the Christian itisteed o00 hiesbond; but thebo Goveri~tor?'hivineg got ivind of the affair, epoteod' it to lthe Pope; who condomunied 'both. Jeow 'and Christian to the galleys, from which they oeuld only boe'ansomed by paying a fine of:two thlouean'd soudi to the hospital of the SixtiiosBridgb; EAiteeQ tIi . ?-'A00t'ird8pbi~doDe'nt'rlte? in the :titis tabtc. G7outbiert:-"'A 'slight shook of earthquake. was :folt lately at flairkwaod and I?o adjoining parts ofthe Berntet;: thievibrations: lasted about:tee' s'o?''oids T was lying ddta, wheneI heard a noio iloke distant 'tih'dir, 'ollil6Wd: im mediately by a'i t?ndulaItnig motidn odoer mo, whioh oendnod tho' wihold ;buildi'g. I wan'io to oroali'iwith the etraining. A mnar'wot was lying outsido on thloground liifoeri'dd thnt' it felt seifi a serieslof wVneA were ?o?'sing under him;": AlPitonr; aflne AIdit' o' "r dEAsvil iMONDAY"' "A oountry :contompoeary eays:'. " We liarS, to: apologieo for the dearth o6f roading clattor in our paper this nuitbor, It was ,oui intentlontto: publish a estppleomont; biut we :iwero piro:i ventedildoing' sa by the oibeonoo of :ie'b "bf :our estaff, lokao :eicldietly J iirike E&asbt; Aifoniday' lasts all tos cooae," " 'ALIMY eivnaiiNG Er' COAoIIMAN., ,-'At'tebo Guildhall, London, :Hnooy Pebthury,' 18, iioaohiman, wsa summoned for having oommittodtwilful annd corrupt, porjury ino making:ea doolaration 'toreo the' Surrogate at Dootore's 'commons' in' idorrto' goet a m'arrlibgo'hion'ose. Mr,'B. 'J, Abbott (dbsllaiiei) pr'orbutlnd, n'id"e'id that in order to' marry' Mrs; Moldola theo iprlo'nr' sworo thlit. lio wse 21 year sild, a?Tpy ·i.n reaility; ho:,weasaunderl1O, ',lt'ho prooeedings were' of an pooulier ?aturo, Thho Into Mr noldol' who woa a: eurgeesn nt? Botll:tigreen dlad last.Ma'robbVhi'a ig' Mrs? Mdltildd :£7'00 ih' ~eir'so 'l0i% hi'i'ho coniind'iild '' widow butc ini thioon':iif hier marrying ogainlit' i lit's' t!b~ lio 5bO a. oar, The deofoeda , ontorod :hir',aesor', viooe as coniehmano, and ~sho marloried hm. Ho inducedd Mrs,' MRoldolalatoirodolva etlis' mnother Intnt the house, bhoi hi'd '?obbehod heor' of £o2,00, for whloeb li"o wisba' n'nw sorving "a t?rin 'of' mlprison'?Obot, "'The' pIre'op,wn rotbaiodedi ' ,, INrrre? A. R{vant.-- nDuriatg the tour mado bytlha dAglloitn tilahop of Goulburn (laysathl OoslThartilrotld), tle followin,,g itoldnnt occurred -Itn thoaftereoo,' at 'i p.,m, a rbinarknblo speetaolo was: witnessed in the, hinmtedinto noighlbourthood 'ofr Come. rangi Teio.'Bleolo, asoleled by 'the 11rev. J, G, Loveo, admlninolterod the enoramet of ,hptisileto' two ndultes,, n 'brother 'nd n sister, ino the V'aroes ,Rivar, ,Fop siome yeoars lt) etbjeet,of theoirhbaptisem'hiad beooen under ooplderatlionlytlo asocuaesalve olorgy, of. the distriotl, Being etisied tIlty,uworo lUallflodtonndidates;,te llshop oonsented to to?lcetl their asrulplos, nnd .tohbnptfleo tIhem ocy itmmoralon, IA, eongregation bheli nesembled on' the margih .oh the U' troen Illver,..thd sorvlee for tIot!' Iulil blttinttm of Aeeh as 'nre:ofrltier yerar"' was.rond lyi Mr. rove hndit h ths leup,' .,TheythleoniboIs ontored thoe ,rivrtrto at suilolonbt depth, londing tho mnlo adult by tho henud th ihotp proonounced tho wowrde "' beptlp thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of toe Holy Ghost," he was comi. pletely immersed. in the water. Having raised him, and "received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pur. sued a similar course with the sister. Standing onl either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the cateclhuman entirely in the water, in acor.' dance with the alternative in the rubrio of the servicb for adult baptism-" and then shall dip him in tihe warter, or, &c.;" It was a scene never to he forgotten by any who witnessed it, The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Jlishhop walkiig'steadily into'deep water, being himself considertibly immersed. The novelty and solezirityjrof the occurrence left a deep impiression, and the baptized persons weore much fl'oected. Nmrw lnussaia l]laLE.-The German Imperial military authorities have recently come to the conclusion that it is nacessary to remodel tlhe 'service weapon., 'Tile now ritlo will neither be a needle.gun 'nor 'a ehasscpot, but a compound rifle; combiining the best features in detail of all th rifles known and experimented on in recent years, It isadsisitted that the last war demonstrated the ecxistince of grave defeats in the liedle. gun, notably in its relatively short rqnage, due to the curve of its trajotoryi tib. dis. proportion bstwacenhsho weights of the pro. jectile and the powder.charge,l orother: eauscse. Thaeproblem being to; ptrovide a. breochloading arm, of small calibre, easily manageable and of longrauge, it is proposed' to shorten the hai'rol, alter tihe rifling, and diminishlthe bore. The considdiration.of the new cartridge has a mor ad'iaticed stage. It is decided to discard, the paper envelope, and adopt thie notallic e:ase,of r brass.foil, and also to vary the relation bo., twcen tbhe bullet and the csargo in point of weight. All these modifications will, it is' anticipated, have material oeffetsa!upon the trajectory, the range, andthlto'dtiribility of the new weapon. It is expedtit'd 'thrit 'thbo nes arm will be ready for approval jin the. course of ti few weeks, so that a.euffiiet e . number may be supplied for experiabht ain 'tie course of firing during the eouling summer; afterward several corps will he : exercised annually in the use of the new weapon, so that in about four yearsn thoe whole army will habo become familiar with it,--Bhipper ' MotlilyU.Oircular. , 