THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter from the Bev. E. Fuller, the devoted missionary at Fraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, has been placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier. Mr. Fuller gives an interesting acconnt of the 'Work of - the mission, and gives an account of some of their pre- ? judices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look npon her sonin law at any time ; they lieueve tbat it she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together to sing at school time, after being taught is the classes, ~ there is great covering of heads by the women who hap pen to have their eons-in-law there, and yon will see them 'backing' into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at the some time, will roll, himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from the mother's gaze. The young men will not sit down on the same stool or box. or in fact anywhere, where a young woman has been sitting at anytime. They imagine that the young men would sicken and die if they did. So that we hare to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentlemen. The shadow of the young women must not pass over the sleeping place of the yonng men. If a schooner is pass ing the mission about sunset the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths ? towards the sun, in order to make the sun go down quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel near the mission, and enable thorn to get oa board and obtain tobacco,' - biscuits, &c.;, which the captains generally supply them ' with. A man cannot marry a woxnun belonging to bis own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to ? the ' mother's tribe.' As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give any definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case. Ate. They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assure me - that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened ' . to go down to the creek at night-time. The believe that there is a devil (mellong), but they hare no idea of a God. To givcyou an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers, since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say :— That on this island, which is about 85 miles long by 12 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, lave J made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in7 - ?mn*i*r !nafdnM» is aim a of f-Viltfj»*a4-Asl sltnH lilraW mtb ?' ' l sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man, or the greatest bully, .. . 'takes npon himself' to be No. 1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet sow since tobacco has been introduced among them,, , they are great smokers— men, women, and children. A little girl or boy, about two or three years old may bit seen with a pipe in its mouth smoking tobacco; yes, . they assure me that sometimes the mother will «ren take the breast out of the child's month and pot the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but' ttey '.?''' manage to set it at the townships, and from the vessels,' ~ passing. The pipe is scarce ever ont .of their mouths ?? when they are awake. And again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also tokeihe troubl' to teach them how to play, so that we not only have to preach Jcbus to them, but also to preach against card-playing, for they get so engrossed in playing them that they will not leave them to come to school, and 6ometames neglect their food. There arc parts or por tions of the land which they look upon as individually theirs ; on the death of the father it descends to the sons. They are cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not eo prevalent among them now as it was before the white man came. When n l^rson dies, they skin him (old men and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they bum the body, and-cany the ashes about. The; believe that . tiie spirits of tbe dead blacks come up and somstimea till thwr enemiea. They generally shift their wwp .hen one dies among them. We have a Dative doctor here -who, they positjvBly assert, hf8 eartoaetedTppe, stones, pieces of glass, &c;,, from natives that were sick ; : they also affirm that he can fly up Uke a bird, and that he can eo in the earth here and come out again at some j Mssideroble distance off, they also say that; they can- ? not kill him, and that he will never die. 