'*, TU WILD LOWEll OF IIAPF ELIiR00 R. : OHAPTEiR XXX. . MAi n JAi?niTT's D1AISY, after iher hurried partiing from Wil, sought with the speed of a summer swallow her own little chamber, "' into which slio admitted no one but Meggy, S and not even that devoted and strong. ' wristed young fmalno, unless she found some Samusement and relief from dull thoughts in her garrulity aid peculiar speculations upon the somewhat incongruous way "folk" . whose loheirts yearned for each other, but 'whose foris did not so well coincide, wore Sbrought together. '';"' On,the present occasion she did not extend ' toe Meggy the privilege, or even the oppor ,.'. tubity, of 'itvading'the sanotity of her cosy '' little;nest; nor indeed any one eleo, for she ' riesolvedto hb alone with her own thoughts '' ;-i the full meaning of 'the word, alone 'with'them:. ' To.endure this, ehe turned the key on the a' pproaches to her chamber. A, .'' nd'now, psitiveo that no eye save thatof i heavern'itself could see her, sho pressed lier h *' dhands'upon r her heart, and with a beaming S'expressio'on'her young and beautiful faoo, i which rendered it more like what the most S'poetie mind would doom to be an angel's, Sshe murmured, with quivering, trembling, ..thrilling lips--. . i , ' ",He loves me! " SYet he hadnot said one word, or breathed S:: hint of the real state of his foolings to her. .:BHe had: only mentioned, the respect which SIwas her due,,andhis own gratitude for the ,servieo :she hld' boon so happily' able to S.render his mother at a critical moment, ,:when she wasthe last person within a mile ., ?who might have been. expected to.perfori ;,,,thatcourageous act. Not a word more of '. ,b im self.,, .. : . . ,, : ut he looked.! , , I, ., It was what he loolod, not what he said, S t?o which slhe referred in that sudden little o utburst.. It was what his eyes. said-those . iich, deep, fervent, oloquent. eyes, which e dxpressed to her volumes, upon volumes of a language that shamed all coined words Sinto'poverty-stri6ken types of thought aid feeling. Those eyes, which witlh such une :quiv'oi?al distinotoess criedout to her, though i. oicelessly '" ' love thed!. I adore thee! I worship ' "th:eef. Itho star supremeo! " ' " W'' hat'delicious, inexpressibly blissful en ': '-iranbemnent there was' in this interpretation '' of the rays 'that 'eanated with a, soft ye;o lustr&oii; intensity from liis radiant eyes. 1': Wl"",Wlhat deep,' immenisurable joy it imparted r' bto lier dould only' be gathered by 'her kneoil ming 'and folding' her arms' about her nook, 1 raising ler streaming eyes heavenward, and r*It; reipeatinig, in; low, tremulous,' inddsoribably. I 'joyouBsitones-" ?,?e.t " He'loves me!" he loves me' il . 'And then she bowed her swoot young floe,' a.')nnd!hidi it in her hands, weepitig hysteri . .,cally-lhalppy, happy tears, though not un i;,, tingeddwith sorrow; yet'with.far more hap m pineseithan sorrow. .', ,. For she loved Wil with a fulness of ado-, i.::i'rationsBhoe had never dreamed esho could ; hhave felt for any living liuman being. She ;. could-flid nq'words that gave a faint notion' S,, to her mind of, the 'xtromo affectibn for him .:i he.'had oreatqd in h6r.soul. How'pbdrlioiw' .!jnmeagre, that.wqrd. :affeotion seeomed to her i. ias, representing tllo.houndless love she gave .'him. Antid.to think, to. fool, to know without S,,worde, ;for. ah' wanted them not, that' he ,, ,dored ,hqer,;.as fully, as unreservedly, as truth fully, .and.as fondlyas she did him. 'Was that'iot' in' itself suffioient cause for' S, a 0oy wh'iohould Ihave no parallel- at looet ,1on att"i ;'iWhlqt could rob ler' of .it? It :' 'nig t be-it eomh d but:too liatefilly pro 1i, l t wold'. 'be--that nuo6ntrollab.l " oldlyo ir tii'apces'migli Iheep them apart S':"'o ea'rt'ili'hl 'y could not kdpthem apart . in tli'W happier land, whlrq'o no earthly oon ''ilBations haveo ian 'okistenco; and ftat un debarred reunion, whatever might, bo her "'1 "tr:iil dii'adffolieioria on darthi ws t~ blissful iiiitipationi a der possession,, ai uniquai ."" '' iZi ''fdlioityi wilioih'. iving li nomy.could' I j' ot . A'nOd'the ,ie ao'th'o qiostion who might, '"bqld'r t il:t"bo dthat enmy,a ih ,t OII{ith~t~iit 'moro "rave' interrogatory, "wh6 "1 'i?ie O 'liholte h 'herself'.in what';relption; eho "'' tttffi'd t6 Malrk" J'artc Site was' endowed f>'iitotili' n it nod "an tlati in ' tlld~tiilly ". ih'd, le shrpned b' ' like "'minnor i idliie 'had' rf red her ,,She q cuit dinvinio'edl iat hia' ld alpt her in no ordinary ways, a' hd' might have' talen '. any qrphin girl to roar as his own ou of. Smere hituin sympathy.' She was certain Sthat he had ielsooted her; with a purpose, -.iand s"f far as she could oonjeoture it was one of revongo;" .. ' ' If'ttie'woro truio, ,'idWht>had'L croatsd the revongo, dnd' what, identifloation had Bho 'with tho oans,'i'which :eshould reiidor.'h ,ae more fitting instrument to wreak his voii: ' :*,geanoe:than any other ? : I ,j I iO thouglit of her !parents'; wobdoring, ',,:but.only for an instant;, who thoy could hiye, ,Ibeon,,for sho did' not.douibtithey ere. dead, :. &r;' they; would' not havo 'parted ' withl her? n lverto evenlook upon heor again, iThoere : a' oomothiig'dio hoartbroalkig in ;her ur 'ni.eso reepooting them that, to roliovoe h6r. !'self from spasms of uinndurahbld agony, eio ,dismlseod them from her thoughts whonover '."thliy ose up unbidden in her memory. ,. was not at all improbable, that' tlio a, .'should : be again thrown in contact with, Wilfred--happy conoatonation of oiroum atanoes 'that would bring them together againd-and it would bo well for her to 'bo proparod to grant hopo rather than to receive' it, or to bid fitrowoll to it for over during the ...?'m of hor futuro lifo. ' . ut'how woro the quoations which were thronging into her nmind to bo answorod? Who wan to answer thomrn ? Tl'hore caone a tapping at the door. She roto to 1ior foot, arnoothod oher troesses, .removed from hor long laheIs tho drops' of crystal dow yot olinging thorn, and gliding, with a light atop to tho door, aho opened' it, Said bohold Abol Stoko. ' She started, and a Iluah 'of earnatioi sprang up into her ohooks. It flashed' 't!rourqgh her mind that boforo her stood a Sliving answer to liher last mental intorro 'g itbiy. , , ' I, S, Abel toko eaw the upopringing of the o, ? sddieate ooldur into heor ch)el' at 'silght of him, 'und at once hi facns booecame flamo, only to chango to a ghostly .iallow, and ho ,_tp?mbld in overy limb." ?: ,,,What do you want, Abol?" she in cluired, In a lose distant tone than tho w?v ?ooeotomod to adopt towards him, " Sheo put the question to him, for lio stood as if ho wore' dazed, 'aid had' lost his speech. He startod slightly at the sound of her voice, and it seemed as if a strong shiver ran through him. "If-if--if you please, Miss Daisy," he stammered, "it be the will and coinmmndof Master Mark Jarrett that you do go for a ride on tlhe north ioad-I to accompany you. Rie be very particular about it, Miss Daisy. Silvertlhado be saddlod, and I ride Ennis lorry,.tho Irish holso, who lhas trotted six toon inilos in three-quilrtoi'a of an hour. Thoro be something up, miss, nnrd we must o'en go. The horses are ready at your word." Daisy listenod ivithout raising her eyes to Abol's, and did not observo the 'stoadfast, earnest, intonsely impassionod lbolo he fixed upon her boautiful face. Her brow lowered a little at the word " command,!' but sho made no roforonco.to it. Indoed, a sudden design lind taelon posesion 'of hlii mind, and robbed'it of much of'its:sting or signi ficance. . She only ''nid, with aesumed indifl'r once "Let them hb led round to ihe: entrinee. I will be ready in a 'ft% minutes." ''. , She turned away t t tle' cen'tre'of her apartmoit, and Abel, drawing'a deep, long breitlh, and 'compressinlfghis lips tightly, moved slotly from thli doorway. ' Indeed, oeggy jostled hlin'out of it, and waited until he had disappoared. Then alio ran up to her young mistross, and'whispered a kind of incomlrehlensible jumblo about thle safety of a certain party, expanding loer eyoe as she murmured, until they wore as round as now florins, and then, asooitnining' that the coast was clear, sho bounded off again. This time, however, tile Daisy, nscor tainig, too, that tho.eoast was clear, glided some little distance after her, until chi brought lierself' up at a window wllich wcom: manded a view of the gareon. There she stationed Iersolf until she behold Moggy towing a young gentleman-porhaps we should havo.said piloting him--tliougl the mazes of an artificial grove. Theoi, quite unable to hlio' hiorself, her rebellious 'little hand sprang up toher lips ; but, as if fright. enbd and ashamed at what hoe 'sbd done, she flow baok to her room, aiid 'commenced to prepare herself for her ride. Presently, Meggy,' heated' and oit iof bronth, returned, and murmured- ' "Bundled him off 'sbfo at' hle. eroy on us ! " ' ' ' ' SShe at once, with si sigh of relief, sot hor self to aid Daisy complete' her toilet; 'but, as if her thoughts had' expanded beyond the'size'whioli .would enable them to haveI uttorance, 'lio relapsed into a kind of rigid ailnoo. ' ' Disy, too, liad tlioughit which she had no desire to shape into words;' and. she was on the back of .Silvershado, spooding along tle well-made'road to Finohley, w1iti a speed and graoo which oalled for tile surprise and. admiratibn of all who behold her, befor she snnlko naain. It liapponed-it' seeamed more thoe rosulf of,accident than doeign- -that she diverged into a rosResrbad, and galloped ,down it at .twelyo, nilos an hour,. followed, by., 4l.,c wlihseo hborse maintained the same pace, withouit breaking frdm his trot oven tol a canre. . o Atlongtli, at the bottoin. of a deoolivity, a broad stream aroseod tho road,' and tlie re maindor of the way for a coneidorablo. dse ationo wa' beneath a natiiral avonue of beech,: oilk, 'and elm' trees, which interminglod their: brannhoes and loeaves overhead., , Here Daisy, olecked her horseo, and, suf-: 'foed him to drop into a walk. , Before she had ,li?ooedod '.fifty'' yards.,don, the laaf, lihadbao d io?d, as sho.e' peotod, Abel'; tbk? ovoertbolk lpr, and ;rouaght his hr'ior E ,niss. keorry ?toi.hor side. ,IHo touched his hat respeotfully, although theri, wvas, ao motiona of a :liffoerent kiud ehliing iln hlis yes, and' ih eaid ' ,I beg.your.pardon, MIss Tiaisy,,bu? this bain',i tho road we 'oi'pro' ,bldd0nt to tklre"' ' S is f no onequnoeAbel, ,i os-, poded, in an indifferont' tone',':..';! We can get;,back iqto it,'I sippose ? " ' i , yes, miss, lin, about a mit' or moxo,; ie roureied,'.fluhiing ip ch'hoek aundforehead Ie o'kii he folt that Daisy, intended to, hold somee onvorestidio with hlii?. Eo loew, ho eovery mov'motii, ,way ,nmanner, almost, hdtt'er than sheli 'did 'herself.' Oc?tilnly', !lhe klnod that unless it was her design to talk to hiu?, she syould not have given.hit ia 'lihane to, pproach her, iHis heart boat tumultq-, ously, h? felt as if he 'should' alinost.,'suffo oate, fbr the wish was fatheli ,to a thoduht that.was upperntost in, hi iniind, His 'god fortuine, after' all, might ,b, in .the, aeon daioy, despite iis.over present fear' to 'th I:'. ho p ktitlhihe'd of, Eniskarry lovel with Silverdohadead',eaddleogirthe.,, Preosently, as hi eSpooteod, Disy' sivery void oe the sw?eeest, musil tho.e?lv --foll on his oarn,,." I:, !"I ha;ye for some tiioiebeeiy very: rsnxmuIOs, to acquiro information of gvry deep intsvqes to me," eli' observed,, in an even well sustained voice,tiiih itn sh st thlre was aii1tu.n .ddi ;, ''l:}it ' hii?ye, had. n iitle diflaiulty inal sooveoring, or ot',h et,?' conjeeturing thle source most likely, tQlonafl'ord it to ine., It' o!es, ,hoevber;, ud~only lei e ourrel to me ttliat yoacan ihelpm, ,iIi9. ill "] wvo~eldpour out 'the hest crop of my bloodfrom'my hart more fieh?y, . .r .. ..yo., MiessDaisy, ithan' I'.woild 'a liarg of, bad 'iowdi ;fromh a daim nli ile dkh illiohelp you !',, Tryrme, Mies Daisy'; 'pray try, me I"1 he exclaimd, in voice so full. of emoti6ih that he stamimered..' "'irt ofo all, Abe],'I do not;wis ..you to 'Par"withi dr'odp'of youriipood for me, ioven from .''& aeoritoli, sh" i tiit'ne, iratlii, grairely; !' and, secondly, foly iall b oonfor upon mo; thlio' vior -o , am, abdut tb ask,of you, Iui mudt noquodt thaty ou oimply in replying to me 'oly' theo'pliiest, iplot and most diroot f6rm ofo 'ordp;' .'..t, overy propositionr I man m'ako you liiauh oat an olfer to anorifia your. life in oicoating , yoen will provont me submitting the qteatton I think of puittting to, tl 1yos' "'! The'ro epoko Mark 3arrett,, mumblod' Abl, 'u?a r'his broatli, bblting his atlir ,at the samoe timoe. ut;t,' 1ooarriig ?vo'ol' ho'suild ldoud;, !I'll do' nim boat to please you, ?1i's Daisyy you know that TLoro' notlingigi this worl.---- . rnieingl h d , ask oil'. of yeu to' an?wer. mie 'iithoiit eoiuidoatio n nid trutli fuilly. 'ft thiere bo'iugt i? ~iy oft of Imy questions upon which you fool bound to be reserved, say so, and I will respoot it. But be truthful or silent." " I will, miss, so help-I mean upon my soul," lhe returned, in a vonic that tretmbled so lie could soaroely control it to articulate his words. ''l'lhat is ongogh. I believn you without theasevooeration," she returned, beginning ,to think Alin had entered upon an indiscreet pro oeeding g. Iowever, shle thlought of Wilfred Rlkeby, mnd of the future, in which' ehei might ie included as for as ho we? onc'ernod, nod she ent on- "' I think I can rmemoberyou, Abel, as far back as I can remember.anyibing;. I suppose your memory of mea ii~n oldl'.'., . "Older, miss,'" lie rottrnod, trying to moisten his parhoed lipsl, with i his dry tongue. " I remembol you before. you oun me, I be sure."!' " Why, Abel? ".. the Daisy ai;sked, with apparent innocence. *- Because I be older-than you, miss, an' I; remembers you being brought to the. Grange a little bobby. Alt! an' though I was but a littlo.oub then, I remembers as if it wur yoes. terday that 'I: thllought you the beoautifullest bobby there couol be in the worlil. As you was-as you wnal " he returned, with un disguitod emotion. " Who took enn to the Grange, Albel ? ":she demanded, as if it were a question of no great importance. " Mastor lMark Jarrett brought you to yon, miss," the replied, readily. "' I mind it well, not btt what Gran'thor Stoke an' I 'often talked that over." "Old Martin?" "No; he be too grumpy to lot his teeth know what his tongue mutters," he answered. "I mean his 'missus;, old Dame Stoke, my gran'mother." "Sh6t is dead, poor ..thing," rnomamed Daisy, ts if' musing. iAy, Gran' Stoke kept at hellor bedside to the last," returned. Abel,; with bent brows. " SIht had sorneilting to any to me before shli went out of t"he world, but old " Maritiii kapt me out of, the room, tin' iwhalitit was lie would never say. I thlink' there was n pieceo of writing-for she could write as Edell as the parson'saolerk-but' old Mrtin haveo got it, an' noliody have had a sight of it bult .hiself," ." Did it refer to me, do. you think ? " in quired Daisy, a little eigerly. . ." I don't know, miss," he returned, with a sudden. ;brightening: of -the eye..:« I never thoughtof that. I fanoied it summut to do: wi' Aunt Joysoe, for, pobr woman, there be; a lot o' iobistdry About ller:;; ,yot,,for nuglht. I kn6ow, iit might, ha' boon about, you--,more likely itwass smmut she had to toll about you, an' old Martin wouldn't lot her blab." 1"'Do you 'think you" on get me that paper ?" she in'terroanted. . I will try, mise,"? he returned, promptly. :'" We have grown up togdthor, Abol, and you wreio my oompanion'in many a wild and hnzardoni rambl," obsorved Daisy, ns if refleotivoly. ""Yot woro'soet:with me as a kind of sontry or shepherd to tend'mo-" "VMore lilko'a olley dog, miss; to watch a lanmb," he 'replioed,; with a low laugh," to ohase ,.it. over the hills, to, hunt it out o' trouble, a riid' g itisfoa t6 fold." ". ,i Who giave you yotr-lnesrustiono S'" lohe inu n iredi s'ame 'umo muiing' voice as. before, . : :'"Nostly lMark Jarrott-somnetmes qld Martin-but nearly. always Master.,Marrl," he; returned,. glancing every now and,then f furtivoly.at~her,.ini the hope that:he should a ,win one look from her, exquisite eyes.:' But c sho, kept her, gaze straight before her, aind weont, on with. her. examination\without.b'o-e traying,any auxiety,: whatever :she might ,have felt . "i. ,Di. he or, Martin at.anytime et.fall at remarlr a word? by; which you. vould 'know thnat . had anothor ;name bgeldo; Dhisyey?" eho nesked. ,, i ".No,1' he returned, after, a moment's ro flectijont,,' ?' ever', n hrd..him;, or gran'thbr, ,or grou'mothor mnpntion you by any. other f' Do you ]know from whopeoohe broughli me to the: Grange ? '.' he interrogated.,, He shook his'hoad., S. No ono, ut, Meeter, Merk 3arrott kitnows that' hoe .said,.tlioughtfully. " " A,:' Not evon old Martin ?" she demo nded. , 1 !I; think not," 'ho replied, decisively; '.I ,have .onoovor twiceo fianoied that Aunt Joyse, could- say som'othing, aboit. it if she liked." . . , After a moment's silence, Daisy aiked, in .a;quit .torib, nlthopgh sho attached.no littleo' importapoe tothe answer "~o w,.qould slie ?hayo: obtained the in-" '; kn'f'rnow,"' 'ho returned, with, a perplexed lookI. "As Ihve said, there be' grat.~ yt'ery 'louit, her,> h'nn though "I 1 'alWaysiifelt ahlilkig' for lir,' she spits at me like a dat'WhenshMeoes me." i ""'.iBut:yuol'd try artd' gloan fromi her ?what. shel'o Icrnwi ;I'dt 'inabut and if ;it bh, a; ýorel. what it i"i t'., oxolxim~e Daisy, softly -a hitte eppqilingl D , a " , can oesa', he a'swered, quiclrljy "Anid will yoP sheix ? isl ood,,rather moro 9agorly thati nho hadintended;n S illw do it;. if 'it wir fifty thousand oimei more difloult," heo answered, with an. nthi~eiasm whihol she 'choiked with a grave look ' and shlikeo'f the head; and she rodeo on some little distinceo in silence. ; 'She observed, that he appeared distressed by her silent reproof, and she suffered his horse to approach here again, Presently, in the same half indifforent, quiet manner shoe had previously employed,. she said to him, "'Havo you over heard, have you over had reseon to believe, that I anea-Jarrott" -she uttered that name with evident re pugnhaeo-' or that I am in any way re .ted to him who bears that name, and ?flo is myin-guardian ? " SGdobler ei Would h'bv said? , but not to Abel StbkeI. ' ..He shook his hliaditvoiy demonstratively. " Never, Mit Daisy, at iany time," lihe re 'plied' with"mphasis. "' Aud nothing could 'brinug' m td 'bolid6ev that one so beauti- Thit,isI ,bog your pardon, miss, it is my heart speoking, not my, tongue. You are io :arrettl" ". '".i .it, ,Abll, Who am ?," she oxoleaimddi ili' a: a"sddeon, almost floroo boart'nosesa. '1t1 esome as if it must be ain ir?iposible thing "fdr' me' to find oveno a clue tq thi' poeo t, .. Of course, it is to me m?irQimpdr taint thati all aleo in tho'.world,'. 'Whoever oin diosovoe'thiat' lue, and 'bestoW it'o} me, will win my eternal gratitude." "I will' do it ieis,, if it' is to' be doneo and I shall be but too happy to succeoed, though with it I give you up my, last broath'! " ho exclaimed, with a burst of ontliilsinsm ho did not attempt to ropress. ''I will trust you, Abel " she exclaimed, With a quiet but a very decided omn'pbasis. Giving Silvershado his head, she pro ceIded instantlyS onward at a sharp gallop. , Abol Stoke had been about to deliver an ardont rhapaody in additiaon to.what' he had already 'said; hut, 'as if sih6' had oxpectod it, sheo fled from him lilkeo the wind. He pressed liis closdd fist upon his, heart as he looked,tiftoer her, 'and murmured paqs sionatoly betolron his tooth-' S"If she oii't' to' ho' inin o shoeshan't be nobody eleo's.". Anil he closed that desberion with ai toi riblo oath, ns,' olappilg cptire to hihlioreio's. flanks, he trottod after, at' a rattling pace. SrCIrrAPTEII xxTr. The' daeath of Mark Vaneo Guy Gray. T~ut troll, E' Iirl, 'of ?lempleobineo, was 'duly chronicled' in the loading daily journals, and 'at' the 'first ainouncoinont ' xeitod but little attentioi 'in fiashionible bcircles, and less in the lorror stratum odf uooioty. The fact is, the earl for many years had booeen " out of tlio wdrld,! and the surprise manifested liy the few who 'were startled by tho apeanrance of his namd in tlin'piublished obituary was loss to learn that lie was dead, than that lie had boon so long living. For a lengthoned period hb lind lived what is termed a rattling life, being a groat sports man and "a man about townv;" but of' i sudden lie was smitten down, it was said, by a terrible and fiorce fever, which ho strug gled with desporatoly and suoossfully ; yet, though he came out of 'thl strifo'victorious, he never entered fast society again. To 'had boon 'twioc'maririod." Tie first time to a woman of very highl birth and position, cold as an ioiolo, and haughty be yond ordinary conception, 'whom he hated more bitterly than she scoriiod hirn. ''rlhoo sons were the issue of thi imarrihgo, the oldest of whom was 'killed whil' hunting; tlib' sedod'wnd lost: va?bo'aaid, 'oi'"a' voyage to India tho"'third, asia birid'.by' al ava In'ciho on the Alpsi 'He married, again, a' young,' beautiful roeature, the fourth daughtor'of a marquis, with prdolivities for' a feaet gay life, 'and an' indifference o'to the approval of preciseo' poopl" 'quaite as' strongly developed as his own, and which, as a natural. conequonio, oended in a sopa-' ration. Not, .howover, ,until" afftr 'thlb 'birth 'of' fouri so?s, 'the last tiwo being twhiid; named respectively Guiy aind Gray. . Thli oldest boy, wvhdo as the heir to the earldorii, followed the coitrso' of fatality' which .had attended 'the proceding family, died at'oollogo of typhloid" foever, ' his iyounger' brother, 'the next heir, iu;ua'fitf6f passion blqw out the' brains of one' of' his 'father's gamelcopoars while' shooting in a presoiveo, and thou hanged himself on' a branch of an, oak-.troe in tble saiae wdood. The twuvis' wereo 'thi, left to' represoent 'the edrldom, and to"'dispi?ie 'th 'suocession to the title. Befoie .thlly'ead' attained their majority, but when just on the eve of doing so, both disappoured,'and had not since been seen'.or hoard of. Thoro was a rumour thl,:' st., ,..m.t.a 1 rotiwe-m'na torag-r'tua ono had 'fallen,, and the surlrivor had afterwards destroyed' hm self ; but this story was never tracod' to any reliable source. It was at this period that. the Earl' of Teomplecombd was s'itruclcl down by the' fevoer; and the oountess,' who had;ilivod so cluded and poeniton, gave up the ghost. The earl came,no more into thoe world aftir'this. His form, ohat obht :of me's esyes,' and his yory namd out of theirmiide. . ' ITntil ni . . . . 'Thustlie to say; a' cortain nutbihor f in troestod persons, on hearing of hie ,d:abth;' woro thiown into ?'stato of gi?ot;. 'agitation and? oxiitomeit, and proeeddod wlithot irit'i instant's lo? of 'ftine' to dipliy 'tlie"iyoBt iactive 'energy.' Th' deaiith t6ok' plieae, at 'Teni llihuio' Priiory, 3 sat dof, the oarl'o in'a sodliudd but excoddingly,'pieturosqo psrt 'of Wiltshir:' He htd'lived there for yoai? iimmured'as it worn, soarooly over moving abroitd,-'a'nd' ri. ooiving .no"oompany at homo, liho house wiis very li rgo; buth':le hd caused o all, but' one wing" to be olo?sod?l i 'up rid 'iuni fe}W apart'monts, attdndedionrly by nii old stoward and his aged Wife, and two t? r three. ldorly dometids, hoe passed' his life o "complote recluse. . ie was found ling starck doadb'n the floor of lias library, pronie, .with his haid. etrotched fdrward as if ho. had booii cliithing at somothing and lid filloa ae?a he 'had grileped 'at it." 'l? hdid' beooa"ddid many hoars, for he had not hoopn niseod. filomi the little roodmid' whioli hb?do6od his' life away, and ?lheo hlije s:abiisehd'nc he",disoveored thd libra?y ~ d'i ;tli `ob'fyo laist .plac'ewhero thio sorvlintsthido'ht of'?eardhing for himin 'T'he dootor arri'ved'!o'ibing: liatily sent 'for, but' oril to odoifletnithat lff;,ivse ' doadi, 'and l6ii?,past iniyi b i'tb"' of iyoy.e !'Thdh' tlio'oarl'd ol't ildintil lhwyer was suiiiimon? dd b, tlo 'thWiaii;: 'iho6"rbidly lkne'iiot for whom'old tio on, t n '''; ? .. Tho'.dlititdlrri't ,'' Ohoigh Jiirg??on, an bldarly mehibd'rf the ptolsejo~i ?i?d'ving ox toneive, ohambers in St. 'h?imo'ds?,kuiire, flaonidn W aos"aly'- In. largo praotise among th o;'"old nobllity-? siiperilatively n?'inpb'ho i and'inflated porson? at once.,oame db'wn to the P1oiry;' ad iassumed the domimand and control of everything., IHe arrangdd the' fitndeal, ~ind drdered that, tlieddy, should be' buieidd,iina "imall" familyv:iault ini the churchyard at 'eomplqoombo, thait hel'siould 'act as' chief mourner, arid only; the servants iof this h'ounohold' ini addition should follow the body to the grave I Howivor, 'on thel morning of tlio funeral, ia oarsh'go with fouri posat-horsoesdrove up to the enitrneoo tbo tlie inhabited wig, 'and a gentloieai," ni ufile'd ii, aligihted, 'an4 with an ordct 'and nometlihi' liko a determined bearing, waved aaido'wlthoit' abiiiweriin the old servants who had poeiidd th'e dobi?, and strddo up the passagit d 't6o oo iii whibh Mr.'Ohonugh Jarge'son was giviiig dirodtions 'after the manner of a short-vinded b'ishaw. whbh:lid not.'son hi'?toosifor imnany?ears.,,:" As the stranger withidut corofi&'n'otdrod the apartmcnt, strode 'li tbo'the tisloe and thing hi hliat upon it, m'r.Ohosigh Jiiir;dson raised hls'eoyobrow'i as' fair up',hie' forohoad a thoy :wbuld etrotdhn andi blh oyolid ' followoed tU , 'ain ' oill- 'lie oja.ilat'd, Pattily,'.' wat'i ith omo?aing of thil ob 'I Who'.ait e ? "''doi?sadtid~ the etranieor til ifdply niud 'dhdiltit ly;'" .. ...' . ' 'f Wlio iim'`I?" ,oesated ]Mr. (Chough Jurgoson,has if ::h' disputed the correotnoes of his hearing. " My question ,was a plain one; answer it," rejoined the' now-comor, sharply and sternly. Mr. Olcough Jurgeson's dealings with the very highost'branchos of the aristocracy, on abled him to'detect that he was being " in terviowed " by a' gentleman of. positon. Whom it might turn out to boe it was impoas sible' to toll ; and therefore, cautiously, briefly, and distantly, he said " I am Mr. Cholgh Jurgeson, the late oail's man-of- business ; end under his liatst instructions havo the solo management 'and direction of his affairs," SThat' will do," returned the intruder, tlirowlhg aside his Inslr,:' "I d a 'Alaigley Rtokeby of llolgravia, of ,)vodallo' Manor,. Dorhyslibo, and Fairholme' Priois, Rants.;," Mr. Ohougli Jurgeson inflated' hise'nostrile slightly, seot his head a little bank, and' per-' mitted his. white, fat fingersh to wander in search of his watch-chain." " I am acquainted with your' namoe and position; Mnr Rokolby," he responded, rather superciliously ; " but that does not help me to a solution of the-oause of your preesnon here." ' I am allied by marriago to the lato earl through his first wife," rothrtiod Mr. Rdokoby,'imperiously. " I am allied to liins ly mnarriage also:to a member of 'his seoond family. I, prosont myself hero to- day to, attend the funoral of the lato .enrl, to har the will road, and to watch and protesoot their intorosts as far' as may be needful." " Whoso intorests?" ddmanded M1r. Ohough Jurgeson, with a shrug of his shoulders, as if Mr. Rokoby had made ro forence to some Laplandors. "'The interests of the individuals whom I reoprbsont," he returnbd, with decision. "You' have not named them," suggestod Mr. Ohough Jurgeson, with' an exprossion of lofty decision on his face which moved Mr. Rolkoby much. ' "You shall have their' nhains in geood time, you oan assuroyourself," he exolaimed rather irately' " In the meantime,; I desire to learn whether an 'heir-atlaw' liie ap peored' to prefer it claim to the :title 'and estates? If so, be good enough to tell me who hl is, and on what nearness of blood or other 'ground he bases' his claim., It may simplify matters." '" I bog your pridon. I do not rooognize your right to put that quostloui td me," re joined Mr. ,Ohough Jurgeson, it his mdst lofty' professioual style. "'You'have a' feeble meinory," retorted Mr. Rokoby, in his turn; h'aughtily. " I have already put you in possession of my riglit to be, and the object with which I am' here. ''Further, I intimate to you that it is my intention 'to :contest tho claimi of any person who may present himself hero as hoirat;tlawY." "lu-doed I " ejaculated a soft voice from the threshold of the door. ' ' Mr. Rokoby 'ind Mr. Ohoughl Jurgeson swung round as if they had heard from 'thongo a' report from. the throat of, the " Woolwich Infant," the now 70O-pourider, and'to'their surprise behold an individual loaning at his ease against the doorpost, who r._.-* ? w. '""poearanco of an intoxioated undertaker,. leo wmas"ninu1iu-' u'aai"llllnug suit of black, 'and round his throat ,was an excess of white nookeloth, which loolred as 'if it had already don6 diuty at manyfun'erale. Io'' had' evidontly listened, add liad no, doubt heard overy word that had passed be twnouoMr. Roleby add 'Mr,' Ohough Jurge son.' " ' . ' Tho latter gontlmaln, mistaking the'now comer for a'drunklon mni, who had under 'iin 'abtrlition of 'mind lost hiinself in, his' wainderinge, among tho pasageng, :olaiuied,,. with ajuthoritativo inrdignation' ' "H6wdairo you, follow,l Go away thi momentl Be3 off! Go away, man,; 'and l?Ueihin yoiurpdpor'"plac !" I ,' SInstead, hoidwovor of followmng thlis ad vioe, thl siniiulated' undoirtake moved: slowly, n'tb'thoe'oriio :,and turned a very brigh't rod faoe, light' yolashes and whiti eyebrows, to MIr. .hough'Jurgoson. '"e s?o bowd up his oyoes aid "hi lips' vo'y olosely,;' shook his ihdod 'ivith a' short,' rpid motion, iid'madeo. reoprossive gestures with his lihands. '· Sh-.stihilehdsltli", ' h 'hiseod quiokly, as ho advanncd fobwards Mr. O01iough Jurge. son, potrifying'thiat gtluimanii with amazo iiont. ''"Don't,'.don't,' th'ero's a good "iniai. Doi't forgot 'yourself,' ipra don't;. it isn't lirofossional. Sthih-shslh-shh " " Why, you insufferable vagabond,` what do you moan'?" spluttered Mr. Ohougli Jinrgoeson, trombling. with ' soaroely sup= proesed rago. " fow dare you thrust your ,ffensive'?prson'in hoer.? Go away, maoi or---" 'rSlh.slsh-shihosh," lnterruptodd the ro marliablo, intrhudr, eorowing, up oyos. and lips' ag·iirin~ aid shalkinig hise'head roprov hghly;' " Biad--bal--bad I ". he oxclaimned, with a noise from his lips as if he were sip png.hot sbup. ""Very bad :I 7ou shouldn't "b.tray temper, 'argposbnii your eap. ity h it, ':' M:gouogh 3ureo o lbeinoed a iaif he weor riiittoen wiwth' pialey'' Io' liiighod" spaemodi a?lly. Was tho irinbriato boast ;also t ', r.'Rnoby ' ii 'ollip td, atnd frowning angrily, ho said, qutti'noflbolj " Whiit tho"doilde lir 'yo doihg hero? Remove yourself, or I'll have you flung out of the building." Tho man lifted up his hands doprooatingly, and pouring at Mr. Rokeoby through his nearly closed oyolids, he again " Hishod I" rapidly, and then whispored depreountingly " Be quint I Do beo quiet and calm l You are not a profoessional I know, and we rather look'for rash and inconsiderato obullitions in men of your olses. The absurdity is natural; but Jurgeson , 0 flo I bad I bad I " Mr. OBough Jurgoson made a dash at the boll; but tho intruder, liko an eol, sprang before him, and pushed him balck. ' Are you drunk, Jurgoson?' ho cried in' louder: and a more decidedly', admonitory. tone. "Really this s 'too bad,, Such awful bad tasteo.' I did not 'not eipect 'it of you ! " MT. Rokoby ih q o bowldlored, and fr.* Ohiough Juigoeon flt dolirious., " Who 'theo'dvfl are yoe? and what- do you want' hreo?' orled Mr. Rukoby, furi "Thlt 'is sensible,' and' o the purpose," 'rotui'iidd' the 'lirlous e atranger,, pooring at Mr. Rokeby !is if' his face wore an un alpkdbd iaun. I willaiaswor'that. As I 'i ~i'?d.at the door of this rodin, I hoard you "d6olhryotiý(i it?ention1tb contoet thi claim of any person who mlght lay ulain to bi hdlr. ",Well," ejaculated. Mr. Rokebys;levat ing his eyebrows, and staring hard, at the, scarlet countenance before hiin. ' "I 'am here to prefer that olaim'," was the rejoinder. " You !" cried Mr. R1okeby,' astoitidbd. S'"You I" ejaculated Mr. Ohough' Jurge. son faintly, as if' he nibre th'ad 'auspBoted th'it by some magic power unknown'to him he had boon transported into ' a lunatic asylum. "You!: Wh areyou ?" "That is, properly speaking, we' represent the claimant-we, Tatohmax, 'Lowe," and Maxtatch. I am Tatolimix, ahem I You know that firm, Jurgosou ? Has as high, if not a higher 'litndiong:in.the profession than your own." .. Mr. Turgeson " ahemmod': too. . He did know the firm, . It was one, of considerable standing in the profession, and had the ro ,putatiou of being what may be: ttrmed un scorupulously sharp. , He altered his tone at once, and mgking au apologetio bow,, he ob served- . , t "You seoo youeentord so;, abruptly that--" ... "That 'will do,, Jurgeson,',.intgrruptod Mr,, Tatohmpx, with a repressive, gesture. "I 'touind tho door open,. no. one to take my caid, and of course I found myway, an un expected guest i buttero I am, and; here I shall takeo.my stanid."t " But at whose suit ?" demanded Ohough Jurgoson. .. "The suit of Guy Luttroll," he ansiyered, emphat'cally... '.He is dead I " cried Mr. Rokobyt and Mr. Olbough Jurgosoui together;. Mr. Tatohmax smiled. " We shall prove that he is as much alive as you are, Turgeson, and not likolyoitodie so soon. You look as if you had fatty degeneo ration of the brain-no, I mean heart." Mr. Ohough Jurgeson was about to reply, wehoe he was, interrupted ;by a: suO don tramping of 'many foot, preceded by, the quicker pattering of one pair., . An old domestic presented himself at the doorway, and, pointing down the coiridor, said, hastily, to Mr. Ohough Jurgoson- " Hero he a party, o'.gentlefolk comin'. They wouldn't bide to know if you'dl a see 'eomin ; but here they be." At the samo instant i throng of.individuals entered,'and advanced, to the ceontre of the .Mr. Rokeby, to his unqualifiod nmazemeot, bshold among the ?party his ,son, Wilfred and his nepliew, l3ertio, kRoeby ;..Thpre1~sersi elso ColonulWaldron, and, to his extremactlortifi oation and rage,: Lord Belvoir,:: Therel,were the?eor four other persons wliom,,h did not recognize,. socpt that they,l.haqdtheolpouliar confident bodring by which at.sauphinetinge solicitors may mostly be rsoognized..i .,;i But noone coould have, looked nmdrd'utterly mystified, and, astonishedt that :Mr. ,Ohbugh Jurgoson, who had not e'kpotedito s?oseien a friend of the faimily attend the fun'eial, much less a cloud of claimants to be proeent': at the rending of the will. ' ?' He therefore sprea'd outi his hands,.and in a tone of astonishment exclaimided- l:i S"Gsentlemen,'I am quite at' a loss'to ai'ider staind the meaning' of this-pardo h nie-'un seemly intrusion." .:.'.n o..tin. d Ia ninaa-sniaMdi? :at. unnhg.r,ýht, t.. Lord Bolvoir, who had madeiiiis'way'dfae to coafront the solicitoi, replid,,iii "a at6i6 inMtoco 'of' rebuk ko-. " If you had done'' youtý'duty nt ol'idr to the estate; you'would'Nhave" mdi'niead.nny whom I find here present: oi this'gr','dcoa sion without notioo. I comes?'ir,,,to protect and'to watch oth iateressti of Grpy, 'eit rell." " IHois dead '" !ohanoi'edahboruse 'ti~es, 'annrnfullv. ,Who is propared.to e s "?i aS lthat otatenoogt" doeiln ded .Lord folul,.,m a lloud voice;' ý'At EJoie jsiyctore cItqrajcuop ?row1tbq;die It was to liornial_.the ,i pproarsihol the The sound seemed to strikaasd, vikble on the. hearts o of all. ,Thi atillnesas,wbhioh bad besn;impuneivelyobeoesod woi brolkeneby the epdden .appoeranroo of ,the iogitimatotui'der takie, bouloaled, and batbanded, Wholhlmost bounded into the apartmont?;ie lokedtout, and: naddrseesad, Mr. Chough Jurgason eae'ing to him, in a liveolysmiling 'wayias eifiniriting him to start for a pionic-- - . b i, ,. ": ' Now,. sir,:. if.. you' please. Wiu fire just ready. to eat out. We ýae sesaiting:for:you. Please to follow me and lie robed. ;' , :; Those wordsý :oundIdt likeo' io' ,erill blast of a trumpet tipon allenhdeabh awalri6nid to active energy. ".0:,. , :l, "iv: e Mr. Jargeoso;li dolyou: follotw ihe late earl by his instructions?'' deoiandedd Mr. Rokeby, ;with parched lips and tondyie, but with: his :eyeo, bright and red as Mabre on a wintry night, faetoned on Lord Iolvbir'." " I'a?mi abouti to 'o'as ohief mnouirnor," re turned Mr., hough Jurgesonu evasioely. " By whosii authority ?" exclaimed Lord BIelvoir, ,Mr. Rokoeby,' Mr. Tatohniax, and two or throd other voiceo together. "By whose 'authority ? " repeated Mr. 'Clioti h JurgYoon; expanding his chest, and ,blowiig .uout' his cliooes; as if he hIad boon askodh'the mjet absurd conundrum coneooi able. '" i do not aoknouwledge the, right of any individual whom I soe heor to.quation my.proceeding in this matter. I have boon for some years the confidential legal advisor of the late eanrl. I am the cuotodian of his trusts, and various other dlooumont. I shoball be the exponent of his loost toatamont, and in short I am noting on my own convictions of what is proper, nod my reolonsibility, which I shall be ready to defoond at all times and in any plaoo. It is my intention to not uas ohiof mournor, and therefore I requoet you to give wany, that I may perform the solomn duty now expected of me." "Expected of youl Monstrous!" cried 1Mr. Rokoby, impotuouily. "I dispute your right to take upon your self any such uduty, on bohall of Gray Lut troll," oxclaimed Lord IBolvoir, in a doter. mined voice. " And I, on behalf of Guy Luttroll," ap ponded AIr. itolhmax, emuphationlly. Mr. I!ok)by started a?d looked bewildered at the iteration of tihono two namos; bult with equal onmphanis he atllded " And I, on bohalf of the lhoir-at-law." " You moan, of ooursoe, Misn (iGabriullo Lut [ roll?" subjoined Colonel \Valdron, addtrossing Mr. Rokoby, f "Indooeed, colonil, I do nothing of the kind," reoopoded DIr. Itokloby, haughtily. "No" hbe ejaculated, with an astounded look. No! " replied Mr. Rokeby, flatly. "Theo I do," exclaimed the colonel, red denning with anger, " for that she is his next of kin, and entitled to all the personalty, there cannot be a shadow of a doubt." There arose a low, scornful laugh from the lips of Lord Bolvoir, a whistle from Mr. Tatohmax, and an impatient " pish I " from Mr. Rokeby. Colonel Waldron was not more astounded than Wilfred at the significant response the colonel's proffered championship of Gabriolle's interests excited, and he involuntarily ex. claimed " I was always led to believe that Gabrielle Luttrell, as the only daughter of the late Gray Luttrell--" "Silence, sir l" interrupted his father, fieroely. "Your presence here is an un looked-for inconvenience. Do not aggravate it by Inconsiderate and ill- timed speeches." "And, Master Wil, be careful how you refer to Gray Luttroll as ' the late,'" sub joined' Lord Bolvoir, with a familiarity which stung Wil to the quick. He turned furiously to the speaker, and was about to utter something with hse usual rash impetuosity, when the expression on Lord Bolvoir's countenance brought the re membrance of his mother's reference to him to his mind, and he sank back abashed. "Now, sir, if you please. We shall hkeep the clergyman waiting," interposed the ao tive undertaker. "Gentlemen, give way," exclaimed Mr. Chough Jurgeson, in a tone almost choked with excitement. "Not that you should arrogate to your seif a position to which you have not the smallest claim," objected Lord Belvoir. "Certainly not," acquiesced Mr. Tatch max. " Will you dare to use violence ? " inter rogatoed Mr. Chough Jurgeson, with an agitated nervousness. "Without doubt, if you persist," re sponded Lord Bolvoir, firmly. "There is a legitimate chief mourner." "Produce him, then," almost screamed Mr. Chough Jurgoson. "At the proper time he will appear," answered Lord Bolvoir, "but not to-day." "Hal ha!" laughed Mr. Tatohmax, in wardly. "You mean to say, my lord, that is my case." "Oian either of you produooe Mr. Guy or Gray Luttrell, or both ?" interrogated Mr. Rokeby, addressing them with a wild look about the eyes, and pressing his temples with both palms, as if he felt demented. " We shall produce the true heir at the proper moment, be assured," returned Lord Belvoir, confidently. "This is not the time for important'reasonse. "Ahoml We undertake to produce the true heir at the rightful moment, never fear," appended- Mr. Tatohmax, with a chuokle. "It would be indiscroot to do so now." "But there must.be a chief mourner, now," urged' Mr. Ohough Jurgoson, em phatically, fooling that he ought to be the ruling power here, and yet, somehow, was not. "In the absence of anybody affecting to be the heir-and unless you bring the two gentlemen just named out of the land of -sypr ,-yuu- ua s proaucemtnom=, as the man of business of the late earl, and his legal representative, shall certainly claim to act as chief mourner." "Not while I am near," exclaimed Lord Bolvoir, peremptorily. "Not while I represent my olient, I think,"' subjoined Mr. Tatohmax, with an expressive nod of the head. " That is, if there be any virtue in the law of the strong arm-" "One moment," interposed Mr. Rokeby, 'eagerly; as if seized with a sudden inspira tion; ."Ihave a suggestion to make. Be good enough to aooord me a little patient silence. I am allied to the late earl through marriage with his first wife. I am'further conneooted by his son's marriage-a son who, if living, might---" "Is I" cried Lord Belvoir and Mr. Taitoh max together. "Be- pleased-to-hoar-me-out," re joined Mr. Rokoby, elevating his voioo. "I say might be, one or the other-both could not be heir-at-law. Now, as neither Gray nor Guy Luttroll are present, and cannot be, to my thinking, for I have it on I might say almost unquestionable authority that both are dead--" "f Unquestionable authority-pshaw I " in terrupted Lordl Bolvoir. " It would not bear a moment's examination.'" "Bah I " ried Mr., Tatohmax, derisively. ",Not worth a pinch of filth oallod Sootoh snuff, Not worth that." And he snapped his thumb and finger with a loud smack. "Pray listen to me in peace for a minute I" shouted Mr. Rokoby, throwing aU his clenched flute in the air, and speaking with groat excitement. " Fight afterwards if you will." " Go on, Rokoby ? " ejaculated Lord Bol voir, impatiently. "You are such a while, Rokoby," added Mr. Tatohmax, restively. "Now Mr. Jurgoson, sir, be pleased to come. You are keeping everybody at church waiting," chimed in the undertaker, holding up his hat with half-a-dozsn yards of glossy silk waving from it like a black flag. 'The whole party turned on him like a pack of wolves, and barked " "Silence, follow I ' ' Re: lowered his flag and slunk back, a i dconcerted' funeral furnisher,. ' :i:iMrIt Rokoby, ;.learlog his throat, con ' i .tinned ri h " Allied as lam to the late earl, being a' Imi!k?lani'of some position, and having aitually .; .to;tako considrabloe 'property under the nue c. :;ossion,8 I.rogardt myself,. under the extra. ordinary circumstancoe, ad the' most propoer i."reo reseontativbbhoao of the' heir-at-law, and am ready, if,'you will, to noact as chiof mniournor;." ' I ngroo to that proposition," exelaimed L:,, rd,3 voir, promptly. "I llkowiso assent to it,:ns the boest and Safest coursoe under the circumstances," con eourred Mr. Tntohmnax. Be . But I bog to say I do not coneont," eox S la 'oimbd Mr. Chough Jurgoson, with a puff Sii indignation, "Your coneont is not nasked ; it is .not re quirod. Koop to your position, sir," re '.' torted Lord Bolvoir, with an imperious wave of the' hand. "Be quiet, Jurgoson,- -don't praesume. on' play the ;papmpous heio, it ýli a taste," chimed in Mr. Tatohmax, patting Mr. Ohough Jurgoeson, who was white with wrath, on the breast. "You shouldn't." "Load the way, undertaker, and 'robl me" exclaimed Mr. JRokeby, advancing to him, and following him out of the room. "But I protest against this arrange. mont! " half shrieked Mr. Ohough Jurgo son, struggling to follow Mr. ]Rokeby. He was, however, forced back, and Mr. Tatchmax, confronting him, said, with a kind of soothing, assuaging tone, as he might have used to a crying child "You can protest-stay here and do it till you are black in the face-but then it will not alter the arrangement. If you take my advice you will accept the position in the form it has assumed, and you can follow the body as a mourner, if you will; but not as chief mourner." "I will follow it, at all events," responded Mr. Ohough Jurgeson, indignantly. " I protest against these most indecent proceed ings, which are opposed to ovorything.which is proper and regular, and I shall take acotion--" " As you may be advised. There, go and got your black traps on, and be off with you," interrupted Mr. Tatchmax, pushing him out of the chamber. Immediately he was gone, the rest fol lowed to the room where the undertaker had already decorated Mr. Rokeby with sable garments. Mr. Chough Jurgoeson disrobed an old domestio, and donned his cloak and hat; but neither Lord Belvoir nor Mr. Tatchmaic followed his example. Yet when the funeral corlego was arranged and set out, they followed in their carriages-with which both were provided-as mourners, too. (To be co?(tnued.J 