DIOCESAN SYNOD. (From the Hobart loten Mo cure The annual session of the Church of England Diocesan Synod opened on February 27th, at St. David's School- room, Harrington-street, the members, lay and clerical, having previously attended Holy Con union at the cathedral. After certain preliminary business and the tabling of notices of motion, reports, and returns, the Right Rev. Bishop Bromby delivered the opening address, presenting his remarks under two heads. '1, Our own domestic progress and condition; and 2, The condition of the Church, in other parts of the world. With reference to the Cathedral Chapter, his Lordship said in its purely spiritual functions the Chapter would be, as it was in the earliest times a senates episcopal. He advocated lay members of the body, find, besides other uses of a cathedral, spoke of three, purposes, prayer, preaching, and sacred music, in all which * assists the cathedral should be more or less examples to the whole diocese, Regarding the Church in this colony his Lordship said - " I am not aware that any change in the me do of conduct- ing divine service has occurred for years past calculated tDorlend the congregation of worshippers. Certainly no expression of dissatisfaction or personal grievance, on the part of any congregation, or even any member of a congregation, has formally, or informally, reached me, and I earnestly hope, however, that a ready obedience to the law will, as far as possible, be paid, wherever the law has been clearly and indisputably laid down." He disclaimed for" himself, any substantial sympathy whatever with the ultra-iiiualiBtic movement at home; if he had any, it would belie his life-long convictions. He said had the movement confined itself to making more prominent the duty of Holy Communion, of upholding the dignity of the Alice by which ordained men, chosen of God as representatives of the people, present their sacrifices of praise and thanksgiving, or t to offering up to Christos the Gen tiloB," so far his sympathy would have gone with it. After soiDO observations upon German Catholicism, the Bishop conducted as follows:-" In conclusion, allow me to express the hope that no words uttered in the warmth of debate, calculated to irritate or to wound, will be allowed to bring discredit upon our Church or our Sjnodiciil.inslitution. For sixteen centuries after Christ no questions were brought before the Synods for the purposes of eager debate, or for divisions into majorities and minorities. The object was to obtain public consent, and to deliver authoritative utterances to measures already discussed and approved. The temper and the notes titles of the ago have changed all this, and the fifth century need not necessarily furnish an exact model to the nineteenth. But if subjects must be discussed which excite controversy, let us at least show ourselves worthy of the work which the ago has given to us, the object of which should be, the increase of mutual forbearance during the succeeding four, mutual respect, and more active and loving. co-operation. Men who live detached from their fellow men, and have learnt to love the truth which they have received through certain formulas, are naturally apt to identify the truth itself with their mode of stating it. The object of Synodical meetings should tend to counteract the narrowness of our own private views and intolerance of other men's, Let us bear in mind that we live in an age of shaken and unsettled opinions. The discoveries of science and a speculative; restlessness are the cause, which it is the object of the Church to control and direct, not impugn or slight. If the Church", great as she has been in the ages past, and great as she is still shall over lose her opportunity, and therefore her power, it will arise from her own disunion and disorganisation, which will give an advantage to the forces of schism and unbelief, -v which no other power would furnish.. Let us bear in mind the strict and solemn tribunal before which we all soon must stand, in the light which beams from that awful tribunal, how trivial will appear our transitory controversies upon profoundest mysteries, how puerile our questions of ephemeral ceremonies ! How all-important our faithfulness in bringing sinners to repentance and wandering prodigals to their Father; and our brotherly -newness one towards another! If we expect to live in heaven and to attain to higher and yet higher degrees of love there, let us avoid all bitterness and wrath, and for this end, let us pray for the gift of the Holy Spirit. it was, when the first disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost that with great power they gave witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitudes of them that believed were of one heart and one soul.! " Atlhoeocond day's sitting a motion that in the event of a vacancy in the See of Tasmania, the election of a clergy- man to fill the vacancy shall be made by the Synod, was discussed; but eventually it was decided to elect by ballot a select committee to consider and report upon the question next session. A resolution was adopted that the Bishop be requested to ask the Rev. T. Reibey, late Archdeacon of Launceston, to furnish an explanation with reference to a balance of between £600 and £700 alleged to be in his hands belonging to the Furneaux Islands Mission Fund. On the third day, the Rev. G. B. Smith withdrew a motion deprecating the use and circulation of Romanizing books and tracts in the diocese. At the sitting of the 1st March, important resolutions for the promotion of union between the Protestant Churches Were unanimously passed, on the motion of the Rev. T. Gellibrand :-" 1. That in the opinion of this Synod it is very eli ill able at the present time that Binie closer bond of union should be drawn between the Church of England in Tasmania, and the following bodies of Christians in Tasmania, the Presbyterian Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland, and the Wesleyan and Independent Churches ;" Mr. Gellibrand remarking that by Wesleyan he intended to designate all denominations of Methodists as they were occasionally called. "2. That in order to ascertain. how this Synod may give the Lost practical effect to the above resolution, a committee be appointed to confer with the authorities of the Churches specified, to collect the best available evidence, and to present their report thereon at the next cession of Since." On the next day a very long debate took place on a motion by Mr Barnard, calling the attention of the Synod to certain books which profess to be Church of England publications, with a view of putting the members of the Church, both lay and clerical, on their guard against the Romanising teaching which they sent me The mover especially noticed The Priest s Prayer Book, which professed to be a publication of the Church of England, and sanctions auricular confession, incense, prayers for the dead, transubstantiation, consubstantiation, and other objectionable matters He also mentioned " An Altar Book for Y(jung[Pereon«, which also contained a great quantity of Romanizing teaching The A Stackhouse seconded the motion The Rev Canon Hales opposed the motion paying he could not condemn the books, for he had not read them, and it would be impossible to take any action if the motion were passed Canon Davenport opposed the motion, and acknowledged that he had a great many bad books on his shelf, but he did not circulate them He moved that the Synod proceed to the consideration of the next business The Rev G B Smith quoted Lorn' An Altar Book for the Young, and said he felt it his duty to stand in behalf of 1 Protestant re legion The Rev T Hudspeth defended the use of the " Priest s Prayer Book, and appealed to the synod not to pronounce a sweeping condemnation which was not justified by facts The Dean of St Davids condemned the books, but thought the object had been answered by calling attention to them, and asked Mr Barnard to withdraw the motion Rev Canon Bromby said he did not think that distrust on the part of the laity existed towards the clergy that had been imputed Rev C P Greene said he had used the book, but with extreme caution Rev Canon Parsons cited from The English Catholic e 7 ade Mtittm, and said the Ritualists were Romanising traitors The Rev. E Symonds read from the 65 feet Innes on account sent by a cross and ent, of certain confirmation proceedings at St John s, Goulburn street, last Whitsuntide Effective speeches were delivered by the Hon Mr Kennerley, Mr Lucas and the Rev Mr Gellibrand for the motion, and by Mr Tarleton and the Ven Archdeacon Davies against it Mr S Westbrook also spoke, but declined to vote nowa or the other The Bishop advised moderation he said he was a Protestant, but he implored the Synod not to waste their energies in things which were of minor impart inca After the movers really the Synod divided as follows - Ayes 12 Fees A Stackhouse, J T Gellibrand, B "W Wilson, G B ''Smith, Edward Symonds Canon Parsons, and Messrs Kennerley, Lucas, Lovett Barnard, C O Abbott, and Dr Butler Noca li Archdeacon Davies Revs Dean Cox, Canon Hudspeth, Canon H Iles Canon Davenport, Canon Bromby, C P Greene R Hay ward, and Messrs J Browne, Tarleton, Sharland, Cook, Bly in, and Reid At the turn g on the 4th instant the motions on the paper were disposed of On the 5th there was a large attendance of visitors including the Hon Judge Dobson read several ministers of different denominations, the business of the day being of an exciting character The Bec esioBtical Offences Bill, having been discussed at previous sittings, "fully went through committee and was passed the Bishop signifying his assent thereto. His lordship also gave his assent to the estimate as passed and several resolutions that had been adopted by the Synod Dr Crowther, pursuant to notice, asked the following question Whether it is the intent on of the Bishop to take any steps in order to ensure the disuse of certain books such as The Priest s Prayer Book, ' English Catholics Vade Mecum, and ' Altar book for the Young ( The Bishop replied that if such books were improperly used for the inculcation of false doctrine, and his attention were called to the pal that s be using them, he should have recourse to those godly admonitions which every clergyman was Ijoujid by his ordination vows to reverently obey Mr Barnard, pursuant to notice, moved,-"That the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to enjoin the disuse of The Priest s Prayer Book within his diocese and to restrict the clergy in their parochial and paste ral ministrations to those of the recognised standards and formularies the Church of England The motion was seconded by the Hon Dr Crowther, who and that he regretted the very uncertain and unsatisfactory character of his Lordship's reply to the question he had put to him a short ton e previously He thought that a bot k which the Dean stated was a dangerous book, put forth by one of that large school which were banded in undoing the work of the last three hundred years, by restoring the sacrifice of the Mass and auricular confession, and which another clergyman who used the book Bald " required to be used with great caution, was not such a book that its use could be sanctioned It was imperatively demanded that the Synod should by affirming such a resolution require his Lordship to condemn, the use of this book Dr Crowther then proceeded to quote from the Priest s Prayer Book to show its erroneous teaching, and said that though for a time they had been patiently with this growing evil they felt that the time had came when all should rise and protest against the encroach- ments of ritualism Let those who were ritualistic act honestly and walk over to Rome."' He trusted the Synod would affirm the resolution. A long discus"sion ensued, in which Mr. Justice Browne, Rev. C, P. Greene and others took part. In the course of it, Rov. Caden Parsons, in reference to the Priest's Prayer Book, said he knew very little of it, having only seen it on two oiinsiins-onco recently when used in the Synod. and on another occasion, some time ago, when used by his Lord- ship. He hoped the laity would rally round the few clergy who opposed these ritualistic practices, and support them. His Lordship said he did not remember having used the book in question, and requested Ci'uon Parsons to inform him when he had done so ? Canon Parsons : Some years ago aboard the Gift, His Lordship replied if he had done so the then Archdeacon must have put it into his horse's but he did not recollect it. The discussion then continue in, several amendments were proposed, and ultimately an au endment moved by Dean Cox was agreed to as follows: \- " 'That this Synod express an earnest hope that the bishop will be pleased to admonish the clergy in their parochial and pastoral ministrations to Usoorly such books as are strictly in accordance with the Thirty-nine Articles of life, and the other formularies the Church of England." His Lordship congratulated the Synod on their having come to an harmonious and unanimous decision in the matter. The original resolution was one in w latch he felt he could scarcely concur, as it required him to " enjoin" a thing which he had hardly the power to do, and which if he attempted, might lead to a spirit of antagonism. The resolution which had been in gmoiaUy concurred in substituted for "enjoin',' the word "admonish," and would by so doing Kiuovo the difficulty which he previously felt. He thought from what had been elicited that there was no need for suspicions which come had entertained as regards objec tenable practices. He was ignorant of the existence of the practices referred to till the meeting of this Synod. For his own part he would utter no uncertain sound when- ever an occasion arose, but as a Bishop of the Church of England he could not consent to interfere with the liberty of any one while he conformed to the standards of the Church. He would not consent to become the bishop of a party. It was one of the principles of Protestantism to respect the right of conscience of every one, and while he would to respect the opinions of every one, he would utter no uncertain sound. When occasion required he could and would show himself thin- no one, could be firmer. They ov. ed a debt of gratitude to those who had led to this rest lution bring unanimously adopted. A memorial to the Bishop calling upon him to act decisively in checking Ronianisins teaching and usages is in course of signature by the laity throughout the colony. 