A MYSTERIOUS VISITOR. In the j'eav 1704 a gentleman, apparently of a large fortune, took furnished lodgings in a house in Solio Square. After he had resid ed there some weeks with his establishment, he lost his brother, wlio on his deathbed par ticularly desired to be interred in the family vault at Westminster Ahbey. The gentleman requested his landlord without hesitation sig nified bis compliance. The bodjT, dressed in a white shroud was accordingly brought in a very handsome coffin and placed in a great dining-room. The funeral was to take place the next day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the necessary preparations for the solemnity. He stayed out late ; but this was no uncommon thing. The landlord and his family conceiving that they had no oc casion to wait for him, retired to bed as usual about twelve o'clock. One maid-servant was left up to let him in, and to boil some water, which he had desired might be read}' for mak^ ing tea on his return. The girl was ingly sitting all aloue in the kitchen tall, spectre looking figure entenj ' ped itself down in a chair or The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex ; but she was terrified be yond expression, lonely as she was, at this un expected apparation. Uttering a loud scream she flew out like an arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of her master and mistress. Scarcely had she awakened them, and communicated to the whole family some portion of the fright with which she was her self overwhelmed, when the spectre, envelop ed in a shroud, and with a face of death-like paleness made its appearance, and sat down in a chair in the bedroom without their hav ing observed how it entered. The worst of all « as that the chair stood by the door of the bedchamber, se that not a creature could get away without passing close to the apparition, which rolled its glaring eyes so frightfully, and so hideously distorted its features, that ttiey could not bear to look at it. The mas ter and mistress crept under the bed clothes covered with profuse perspiration, while the maid- servant sunk nearly insensible by the side of the bed. At the same time the whole house seemed to be in uproar; for, though they bad covered themselves over head and ears, they could still liear the incessant noise and clatter, which served to increase their terror. At length all became perfectly still in the house. The landlord ventured to raise his head, and to steal a glance at the chair by tbe door; but behold the ghost was gone; •sober reason began to resume its power. The girl was brought to herself after a good deal of shaking. In a short time they plucked up sufficient courage to quit the bedroom, and to commence an examination of the house, which tiiey expected to find iu great disorder. Nor were their anticipations unfounded ; the whole house had been stripped by artful thieves, and the gentleman had decamped without paying for his lodging. It turned out that he was no other than an accomplice of the notor ious Arthur Chambers, who was executed at Tyburn, 1706 ; and that tbe supposed corpse was the arch rogue himself, who had whiten ed his hands and face with chalk, and mere ly counterfeited death. About midnight he quitted the coffin, and appeared to the maid in the kitchen. When she flew upstairs he softly followed her, and seated at the door of the chamber, he acted as a sentinel, so that his industrious accomplices were enabled to plunder the house without the least molesta tion. 