East Sydney Election, THE NOMINATION. Tax nomination of candidate) for the representation of the electorate of East Sydney took pte.ee at the hust ings, Hyde Park, at noon to-day. - The Ministerial can didates, accompanied by a, number of their supporters wer* the fait to pat in an appearance, end were shortly afterwards followed by the Oppositionists, who wore escorted by a considerable number c2 the electors, and oa arriving at the hustings three cheers were given for jjjlt. jrHf ju», j.iiettsKfinaanoeoi eieocors was numerous, ?and duringuome part of (.uet proceedings at least 3W persens were preaent. Among thoee on the hustings were Messrs. Docker, George HiU, Fraser, J. Bodd, Osborne, R. Hill, Hezlett, H. Fisher, James Poirc-U, James Byrnes, Driver, TV. M. Alderton, Smart, Alder men Goold, Green, Boseby.BIerriman, &c.;, &o.; The EETeEND.'G-0FF10£E {Archibald Thompson, Esq , J.P.), having road the advertisement convening the meeting, produced the writ of his 'Eseellency tho Governor, which was also read, after which he bespoke a quiet hearing for the candidates. Mr. G, B, Dibbs nomlnateij Sir James Martin as a fit and proper person to represent the electors. Alderman Goold seconded the nomination. Mr. John DAViES.whoBe appearance on the occasion oansed considerable tumult, nominated Mr. David BnchanAn.... ; ? - .;.'/.. '. Mr. Masos seconded the nomination, amid inuoh merriment and confusion. ' ? ? \- 'Mr. W.ti, Aldkeson nominated Mr. John Bowie 'Wilson. Mr. 'W. SxttXTX seooadea ite aom'aitioB. . Mr. Jakes Poweh, proponed Mr. Henry Parkes. Mr. BBKJAMIN EnODES seconded the nomination. - . Mr. BrcBAED Vbiteb proposed Mr. J. H. Neale. Mr. Leyeik seconded the nomination. Mr. Jauis Bodd nominated Mr. John Macintosh. Alderman Greek seconded the nomination. Mr. SAStrat Goold nominated Mr. Saal Samuel. Captain Burns seconded the nomination. Alderman Eoseby proposed Mr. William Barker, Mr. M. M. OiUPiiEU seconded the nomination. ' Mr. Heket Fibbide neminated Mr. George King. The nomination was not seconded. Sir jAaus Mabtin then came forward, and was xeoeived with applause and opposition. He said when, he last appeared before them at a general election, he stood side by side with Mr. Paries, They were rowing in the same boat, supported by the same men, sitting on the same side of the House. They were now opposes to each other. He (Sir James Martin) Aid not com- ? plain that Mr. Parkes had taken a course different to him. ' No one in the country had a right to complain of him. He (Sir J. Martin) and his Government had been accused of . arranging the elections so as to leave no time either to find oan In tbe mother couritiy the general elections were all over in about tendayB. There was no such amount of time as seemed to be expected here. There had been ample time, and Mr. Parkea and his iriscd bad not failed to avail themselves of it. A great deal of irrele vant matter bad been introduced. And Mr. Farkes, on Saturday evening denounced (hooting and cheers) the Government about the ' cocked hats !' Well, Mr. Parkes might think that that was a question of great importance to the electors. But Mr. Parkes was one of the originators of tue cocked hat movement. (Cheers and laughter.) When the Duke of Edinburgh was about to visit this country, the Ministry deemed it right to follow the example of other Ministers and to appear in a certain costume. Mr. Parkes, on that occasion, made bis appearance in a cocked hit. (Laughter and cheers.) It was too bad olithis gentleman, vho was one of the first to )-nt on i cocked hat, to come down and condemn those who did so.. He (Sir J.'MarHo) was not going into any detailed ?stood it now or they would never be able to under , stand !Jit They . were ? told that if the duties were collected, part . of ? this colony would be separated. Hf.TArkes had told them the Murray BiVeiWW»e%arider than Pitt street, and that it was as annoying ib*«-llect duties on tne Border as it would be to l«ry $}«t.-p& peopl* going across that street. ^rhatwoftsood point lnin eieotion speech, but there wwno «*unientin'tt;' im America there was between .the tTelteoVStBtes and panada * fcorder qf 3000 jnUes of riyer, and prer no : part fcquld yon go' withe«t 'being conIront«d'Wy; a.Oustom-henia offibet. .' The. trade parried on aorois that border was between forty miUiens on ono Bid*, and' x-n: the ether four inilUons, '(Mr. Parkas: 'Heiir.iwtf^, If that Ereftt am6wifof irade e«nldf-b« ejUritdfijhVhetween^^Jie tTnltea States HAL-ha$Mi'*btx ttrt -here? ? The diffionlties wml not insuperable. That w«s . going on every d»y fetweTOthetfnifed'fiMtesandCairadt. (Opposition. OamSeathtnℴ of the' United State*; wa» the ^jmblic of Meapp ; Mdalpttg. tie whole line doxies weMreoUecttd. Tke sartnOfattH of Ettropo 'were divided By imaginary lines, uTttithWo csnntries are not mined becaose 4ctias «re«o!leoted on these lines. A tabular bridge-pf $J miles loagds'«onstruoted across the BiTer. At. ' inwrtnoe. TMb : argument was all. moonshine, , there- Wflre;.. bo itaasbn in the world why..wej*hould not jpake: -tie people in the southern ,pj«Jj._pf Ihe .colpny f pay the same duties as they bed -to cay in Svdnev. Whv shonld thttv. tlut »»opla;of fiyuen ent *f thcir'lafa earhing8-^(cheere £cd^Yell»)-httYe7o piy 4or to benefit Bfthe gilin and -sj*e:#awSftjjpn *he Mnrriy.. If %Uese Border dutita- were ?colleoCTa, the resuMr^onla be— -must be ? tts,t we-shpnld hiv» the whole of tbst trade, to our ?elves. (Cheers and; biisea.). How was the city of Sydney to be maintained 3— By the prosperity of the Pie £& theiatarior. -Tiieyhad * zoaoh greater interest fiey seemed to imagine in the continuance o'f these ;etttuties. 'The pBoplfe of Yiciorla did not cire ^ the pj-piperityef Sydney, They did not care aboat working classes of this city. They did not find *6y large number of people in Viotoria combming to ?ttaet' their -own Gevernment ia the interesVof New feiiti^aUs. . Dn-ioe..the 5^st ten-days the most vfcjp&t; 6rtible«;had been .published . in' tha'. oity against hiw (Sir J. Martin), i (Yells and applause.). This they diiJ^not because he was banding overKivedna to them, bat beoauBB the «olleotion «f the Eerder dutieB would hand over the trade, of Riverine from them to us. It wouldiavelieea easy for him and bis colleagnea to avoid a orisit; bnt they felt it their duty to collect the Rnvdbr i^nflAa nf. All hnKnr^a fV-»1Ta n«J *liftnw 1 ff the electors did their duty this question would now 'be settled for ever. . He believed -there would hereafter be no other opportunity of compounding for these duties. They ought to do on the Murray what they did In Syd ney. (Veils and cheers.) .He came to another question — thetof the reduction of wages. He k«ew he was addressing 'persons who were capable of appreciating what he said upon that question.. It was a matter ths1 Y-0ila touch a gieat many; and ho thought that all men who'had rotes would oossidsr it. It may be that some would vote Bgninst him on the matter of the reduction bf wages. But they must reduce the expenditure. Mechanics under the Government were receiving a remuneration nearly double that given in the mother-ceuntry. It was monstrous to think that they (the Government) had been paying 16s or 17s a day, when plenty of men were walking about doing nothing It -was a bold measure to reduce . them as they did. It had been charged against them that while they had reduced the wages of the mechanics, they had spent £20,000 on a standing army..!1 Did they think that such a place as the United iftates, or any other of equal importance, would be without its standing army? What use was it that theyshonld have forte, and putcontly guns in them? if 'they have not' men to man them? In the United States there are s. number nf forts ; in New Yerk and OhatleBtowh : jthere arp the same. Did they, suppose that these forts were not manned .by regular troops? .Then why .could not New South Wales do the same? The force formed In the colony was' one intended to be the nucleus of' b, larg body. ' The volunteers' could not be expected to do' the semoes required of those men. The very ^course thej (the Uovernment) had 'taken, was to be taken at once by the people of Canada, where .they intended to form a standing army. He thenght that a great mistake was made in giving the volunteers land orders, thereby giving away a large tract of the beBt land. It would nave been muoh aetter to save given them IWO each for their Bervices. He did not desire to keep them waiting long. He was certain that if hi» party were elected, they would be elected rightly and honestly. They found every person in Victoria taking the one side-in the matter of the Border duties ; and let them tbe electors) do the same on the sideof NewSouth VTales. letthem leave Hie things bt Victoria to their otto p:op!e. le felt assured. that on this and every other oocasion the people would stand by those who had stood by them all along. (Cheers end uproar. ) \- Mr. Bdotanajt, on rising, was received with cheers and groans which lasted for several minntet, during which lime ha was entirely inaudible. When the up roar ceased he said— In the first place he thanked the proprietor of the Empire and Evening News for the just course he had taken in giving pnMieily to speeches made sinoe the dissolution ; and , he wished io stigmatise the conduct of the proprietor of tbe Sydney Morning Herald, who neglected to give publicity to what he (sir. Buchanan) bad Slid at the School of Arts. There was however s- mutilated re ffvm **? V4tv uciuu VI fcUV UIWAssUsBgi UUt 1L WAS ftrT much like the Kiaraa ghost. He was there that day » .see whether they recognised his conduct in Parliament (Groanr.) For twelve years he had done his duty to the country and he hoped they would not be unmindful of him. His aotion in Ps,r jament was regard to the Border question. The Par liament, instead of accepting the deoision of the Governor like men, went cringing to him that they might not Tie sent to the country. With, regard o the annexation of Kirerina to Viotoria, he loped the two colonies won't cross swords about it. (Cheers, and groans for several minutes.) When we went to press. Mr. Buchanan was still speaking. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Parkes, Mr, JNeale, Mr. Macintosh, and Mr. Samuel will follow. 