Colonial Items TUMUT. — The returns obtained from such claims as those of Holloran, Dibben & Co., Masters and Co., and Fitzgerald and Co, may fairly rank with the results shown by holdings in other famed gold- bearing districts in the colony. In proof of this, I may mention that the last crush ing of stone from the first mentioned miners' claim realised over 18 ozs. to the ton, and they have twenty tons en route for Adelong to be crushed, which, it is expected, will give nearly as good returns. Masters and Co., also, are now bringing splendid stone to grass, and aro on the eve of crashing it ; the yield is expected to be from 10 to 15 ozs. per ton. On an average, the quartz crashed from the holdings on tho Lae-ma-lac ground* has, during the last twelve months, yielded 13 ozs. to the ton. It is worthy of mention that at this place three distinct lines of auriferous quartz exist, which run paral lel to each other within an area of 100 yards and through the above-mentioned claims. Each of these quartz veins have been proved to be richly auriferous— the stone going from 10 ozs, to 15 ozs. per ton — and if they are not wide, they pre sent a permanent aspect. Holioran, Dib ben and Co., and Masters and Co. some days ago disposed of their holdings to Messrs, Mand0lson nnd Emanuel for £3625 and 3600 paid up shares ; the purchasers intend to form a large company to work the ground in a systematic man ner. Weber and Barker have also sold their property to Messrs. Goddart and Wilson, of Sidney, for £100 and 400 fully paid up shares, and the latter gen tlemen it is understood, intend to place their holding in the mining market, for the purpose of obtaining adequate machinery to work it. Some three miles in a northern direction is tbe Billabaloolah quartz reef, discovered in, 1859 and worked for some months then ; but as the Kiandra rush took place about that time, it was abandoned, and so remained until tbe discovery of the Lac-ma-lac reef caused some excitement, and it was again taken up by Campbell and Co., who erected there a small crushing machine of their own invention, which did not answer very well. Sandy Creek, which is located about a mile to tho east of Lac-ma-lac, in the good old days, gave employment to some hundreds of miners. This creek has boon worked to a very large extent, and has contained many, valuable claims, among which may be noticed those of Prior and Co. and Walsh and Co. ; a share in the former was sold to Mr. J..Lane, of Kiandra, for £60, some months ago. Adelong. — Our miningnews continues good, and nothing is now talked of but payable claims and their probable returns. The formation of companies has greatly enhanced tho voluo of mining properties here., bo much BO^that at tho present moment it is ecarcoly possible to got near where tbo gold was fl^pe obtained in any quantity. The whole of the .Old Reef, tho whole of tho Victoria Reef, and largo portions of many of the other roofs are taken up, nnd ere being worked with better prospects than I hatifenown fora long timo. But it to only .now, after' some ton years of labor given by private individuals, supported in many instanocs by the funds of indefatigable members of ' our mining fraternity, that tlie fruit of their labor is being reaped by promoters of companies at present forming hero. Thoro aro very few of the claims now offering that havo not ono or more shafts down 150 or 200 feet, and most of these claims havo at sotnc time or other turned out good payable stone, which tends to show that depth.is all that iB required to again strike the roof, and perchance richer than over has been the case in every in stance where tbo roofs have been cat on Adelong nt n depth of between 200 or 300 feet. The first company formed hero 6iuco tho Old Pioneer Company (which, by-tho-by, failed with thousands of pounds worth of gold in their claim, which they left for others to lake out) was the Re search Company, which has been worked on tho co-operative principle, and has paid the shareholders handsomely. The next public company was the Old Reef Gold-mining Company, tho prospects of which, arc exceedingly good, and shares have gone np some 75 per cent., at which advance they havo been disposed of hero this week. They should be mora valuable norr, as in the next ground worked, Oran dnll and Company have strnck very rich stono, said to bo equal to, if not better, than anything that has been seen hero for some time past. They wore offered and refused £900 cash for their claim ; a rush ensued to that side of the Old Roof, and now the ground is pegged off for a great distance. On the Victoria Beef things are looking exceedingly well, the whole of the rcof being occupied from the Adelong Creek on the south to Williamstown on tho north. Among tho claims on this reef arc to be found about tho best on Adolong ; for instance that of Williams nnd Oo.'s So estimated to be worth about £40,000, and then there is the Research Company's claim with payable stone proved to a depth of 304 feel— the main drive is about 90 feet with payable stono the whole length of the drive and in tbo ends. This is & four acre lease, situated in the very prime of the reef. To the north aro tho claims of Shintlair and Co., W. Annetsand Co., M'Cutcheon and Co., Williams and Co., Kenwood and Co., and Spiers and Co. ; to the sonth of the Research Company's cbim, is that of White and Co. Another largo lease was lately applied for by a local company, and , this week Boston Brothers ond Co, bnve marked out and applied for the remaining portion of ground on tho Victoria reef which runs down to tho Adelong Creek, and was originally knotraas Murphy and ;Co's. claim ; so that now no ground can be obtained on the Victoria reef without purchase. — Csr. Gundigai Times. -? . BiLWAiiDGjUMrioHSHiP-— The billiard match which has been pending about n month, fortbcchampioii6hip of thecolony, was played in the Masonic Hall, Syd ney, before about 800 spectators. - With regard to tbo grounds upon which the so-called , ' shampiopship ' could be, brought in question, H may bo explained that the title rested solely upon die cir-r enmstence tliat Mr. Hitchen, n' player of eminence in tlio motbor-country, coming *?'?''??'? ? ? ,' . ?' -????' to settle in the colonies, and finding no .. equal hero, assumed, when |n Melbourne, ? to be tte champion of Australasia. ?- A - yonrig colonial 'player, namod, .Weston, Trho had played him a few years ago, at length thought he was .competent to enter tiio lists against him, and modestly offered to. play for the championship i-f New South. Wales only, leaving out of mind the higher distinction. In accordance with- proposal J-y Mr. Hitebcn, £]U)0 aside waB laid to give substance to we title and interest to tbo match. They met,' as stated above, on Tuesday evening, and played on a table kindly lent by Mr. Nicholson, of Bushcutter's Bay. It is : one of Burroughs and Watt's, with Hopkins and Steven's cushions. The balls usod woro two inches £nd a six teonth. Mr. Goorgo Curtis officiated as »; referee, but bopily had few occasion's for interference. The play commenced «t a quarter-part 8 o'clock by a miss from ~ each player. Weston then opened tho scoro with a flake from which lie made a break of 21, which was soon followed by '?? one of 2G by Hitchon, and np to eighty the players kept on pretty equal terms. Weston now pat together a break of 48, making him 120 to 76, and .when lie . ' 'r reached 202 Hitchen was 165. About** tho same position was maintained up to 300 without any largobteafcsfcoing made. ' '* ~ Wraten, nss^d )»jg|gdo4iluclt, now ?-, .. ? wilenodthedistauco/aSfl Hitchon.having -?-'*. ? ' j tho reverse of fortjpe against him/waB only 307 to hie opponent s 402, Neither made any runs of grofttiiengthj other than - ' \ V those noticed, and tho nrlt.500 Was earned , *?' byjiWeRton, in two' bonre and , fifteen ?*. minrttes'j Tlitehen'g score, then standing at 421. After, the interrnl of abbjliiiiif an-honr, he appeared in bettor'forrn, nnd Iiis opponent resumed with less skill j-'uo' ^ that when Woston's wasijpalledl^Hitehen, lad wade 568. We8ton^4iowoTOr,^nan ogodfts keep a good load, and at^plfas' ._ . ?etiil 150 points ahead of the tbanipion, nhd, notwithstanding that Hitcbe'n how played well, and reached 'his 'opponent's ' best broaTcSof.48, WostonfSBnerally made- -j, -,) more off 'the gams whoa lie had it in'r^sp^ hann, and the scores being Woston 955, ?* . ' Hitchen 880; Woston ran ont with an an unfinished break of 45, thus winning ' Iiy^l4 joints. Tho play doMjSed fdur' hours and twenty minutes.-i Herald; ? A most pj^traordinary freak of nature occurred, saysitoe Cfoutbnrn (Victoria). , Courier, in tho Tabilk district nfew.daya* ' siuce. This lustu naturtr is'n dog with- ? . ont cither logs or tail, not a single vostige . of dither being visible — tho_Jb4y;|iro- 1 -*? senting the appearance of an elongated ball. The little animal appears to'be in . ; - perfect health, Anil is in possession of . ?Mr. John Wylie, Tabilk. '. V 6quAn-nra.nroK'~A. Scjdattbb.-— Tho following anecdote will show that it doos not pay eqaatters at .oU ,tim-i8*lo bo bounccablo to travellers 'who may bo crossing their runs with sheop. A short timo since, a resident, of near Yass was travelling -towards tho Morool with dieap^ and in crossing a ran ho was*f$et fcy the owner on a Wednesday evoning,' who at once bogan to show bib authority, and told tho owner .of tho sheep to look alive ' J and make the pbeep travel fiwtor ^n'd^get ^ ' off bis mn. - Thft owner of the ishoep to- * plied that his sheep wore lirod, and could not travel any faster, and this wag met by /the 'monarch of all he BDrveyed' that if the sheep were not driven faster, ha would go to his station, and muster all his men and come and drive them away. The ntoster of the shoop said he would get off the ran as quickly as he possibly could, and requested the land proprietor not to do anything he might afterwards regret. But he would; he was determined to collect bis men, and rode off threatening to drive the sheep away. That evening, tbo owner of the sheep Btarted away, travelled all night, and on the following morning ho arrived at the nearest town, and at 10 o'clock was in tho land office ond free selected 200 acres of land around the spot whero . lio left his sheep camped. Ho then re turned to his sheep, and that same evon ing tho ownor of tbo run, with some men, camo up, but the tables were Inrncd ; the sheep owner pulled his 'deposit re ceipt out of bis pocket, showed it to the ownor of the run, and then ordered aim and his men from joff bis ground. The owner of the run saw that be hod boon : '.fitted,' and. went his way ronrmnring, bat not threatening. The result of his bouncing bas been the catting- off from his run of 800 acres of land, for the free selector is entitled to three times the quantity of the land he selects as pre emptive right.— Soutliern jirgut. EEFERnrea totbenew Uhder- Shoriff, the Pastoral Times lias tbo following:— One of tho last appointments made by the Martin Government after they bad resigned was thct of Mr. Nathan to be Undcr-8horiff. He waB Registrar of the _?''-, Insolvent Court, taring been promoted to that office over the beads of deserving officials, one, of whom, Mr. Austin, bad been twenty Tnve ;Y,ear8 .Clerk of tho In- ' ' solvent Court. Sir. Nathan is eon of ? tbo late Mr. Nathan, professor of music, and is brother to Dr. Nathan. The new Under-Sheriff is of the Dundreary school, whiskers and -eye glass a to Dundreary, with all tho affectation of that marvellous - - character of the dramatist.! Sydney is the termination of civilisation in the es timation of such men— -Deniliqnin, AI bury, Hoy, and Wentworth are probably by them regarded as tho focus of expa triated officialdom. These men consider that the whole of the colony with its vast resources, pastoral, agricultural, mineral, &c;, must be developed for their ? special use and benefit, to Ihe exclusion of those engaged in the country; end among the thousands of employe's in tho ? public Bcrvioe, how.fewr ^^4iroftbm fiie'jn iandsof Now &uth; ~WaWf::^ve be- . . lieve that Mr. Jno. Lucas, M.P., has no less than half-a-dozen of his laniily quar tered on the public, and other honorable * . ? ? members are %qnally Belf-sacrificing in ' ' ' this TesproUH^^tomolateHheir «bil dren on.thc allarpf theirranntty.'' 'vThere 1 is the patriotic David Buchanan? Could he not wax .TOrm.-Bn^ohia^ubjectt ? *' And 'Nathan -.flai^l nntio David—Thou . ''? iart the iman.'.'-r-but ^'hadytorgotteii ihatDafiaisSookingioiit for some C3o- ...-??? ? vernmentioates ana fishes— he bas been , '- ' ^DgTittgior iinio tame— ho inayyetbe' ' .. hookid-iy^sOrowB Ptosecutorahip. .''-? '-i-v - ??'.'?-? ,'.;; ??-.'. :'r/. ?':?'] ;^S ;? *Qp0r-Aaes&tt.jmee;\i:, :» terrible acci \- ^i-H^bnppencdio tUe mail coach between -??' '^rtngeanatheTSireeaiVcrs. Tbe coach, *r»'.iU'*iUi*«ireb »ije and two female paesen ' k*ets|or W«41ingtoh,T)ubl)O, sndtiie west ward, left Orange otilio usual time, anil ?veiytiiingTirent well tai between LarriiG ?? Lake -and Uio Tlirco lUvcra. Then tlic coach was driven over a log mid upset. A man named Holmes was eo seriously injured that although ho was taken nl tnoBtSnimpdiately fnmi under the coach bj Mr. W. C. HcPlilllamy, of the Oak*, Bogan River {who was a passenger to Dnbbo), he died before the stables at the Three Rivers wcie reached. Another man, whoso name wo Jiave not hoard, going for sheep to Messrs. W. and T. Richardson's JUnrrawoaibio establish ment, had Ilia shonlder broken. The women in the coach were shaken, but ? otherwise uninjured. - The driver wns Blighflylmrt/andHtr. McPliillaray happily escaped imhnrt—Diibbo Ditpatch. , Tur Braiiaood Monitor relates that on Tuesday last, a 'man, whoso name we did not team, was coming into Braidwood Trith a load of wheat, and hpbn reaching ll'Elroy's Telegraph Inn, halted with bis team,_vrhen a dog, which was chained nn ;-. near the bonne, broVc loose, and, rushing fit the loader, pinned him by Ibejiose, The hornos ittjmgdjatety bolted,' and after' , running i&roo; Bi|3nc_o cijraized ftjodrny, , und, the shafts brcalang, liberated them . ' solves, when theyut once started off into ' ^the bnsb. ,Tho harness was picked up in ' VaViouB placesAth^y having succeeded in getting rid of ill tlioir controlKnggear. It is neodlcBE to state that nearly Jll the wheat was scattered ovor the road, thus entailing, considerable loss upon the bn lucky owner: ' . ; ?? '..JBfjJB rnmorcd that one of the enbordi . liatoxifficcrs of the passenger ship Parra 'jniftJAiad, not long since, a very narrow escape. It appears that this officer was Imown occasionally to take Australian birds with liini from this port home to England, and ihem to sell thorn for his .own profit*1*^ very^ decent-looking man came on board ship, 'scraped an acqdoint anco wjtli the bird-fancier, and talked about his wpll- linown ecmi-comincrcir.l bobby. This obliging stranger told the sub-officer tliat he knew a gentleman up the Parramalta filter who hud tin aviary which bo intended to dispose of, as he was . ' nbout to leave the colony. The poor 'sea gull gobbled up the bait, and his Sydney friend kindly said that as he bad a boat of Ms, own, a mate ofliis would row thenj up ; intimating that they might go and atop at Parramatta for the night, and so come down on the following morning. The matter was arranged, and th o stranger came with his boat and his mats to the side of the vessel in the evening. The poor confiding bird-fancier was caught, nnd was actually on board the boat with his two stranger friends, when c. lad ap peared and said : ' Mr. ? , the captain «ay« that I may go with yon.' Tho mb oflicer bad, of course, no objection, but the party who had arranged the little ex cursion did hot seem to care about tilling the boy op with them; and suddenly, rc , collected that as. the river channol was long arid winding, it might perhaps lie safer for them all to go up by daylight. Ho wonld come for the bird-fanoicr, ac cordingly, early on the following morning. Strange to say, the ' friend ' nnd his mnte never mode their appearance ; afraid, probably, of having their disinterested motives misunderstood. The sub-officer in, it is believed, still alive and well, bnl it is Rf-6ertrd (with much confidence) that the ' friends' who wished to take him up the Parramalta River tire both lying un der santenco of death. — S. M. Herald, The boya of Melbourne, if they arc a little miBchievons now and then, have the redeeming quality of aptness at repartee The Melbourne correspondent ef a Bnl lsrat.pnpcr writes: — 'Apropos of the * principnl subject under discussion in the Legislative Assembly just now, an amus ing scene took place the oilier night at tho entrance to the Princess Theatre. A gentleman was on his way in with two Indies, jrlion, in order to get rid of the importunities of a small hoy who was en deavoring to press upon him a 'book of the words,' he said, ' I can't read,' ' Well, then,' retorted the young urchin, 'oli I've got to say is, it's a pity the Gompnkory Education Bill ain't in force here 5;' Acooedinq to tho accounts of tho last Jiond6nss!es(saystbe/-a*-ora/ Register), Mr. ' Charles, Lawson, of Mndgee, tops the market with two bales at four and fourpence, a penny e. -head of Mr. Bayley's ^Jiret parcel. The re6t of his fleece wool ^rcaliBOS from four and a penny to one and fourpence halfpenny in a very steady decline. * Mr. Bayley's runs frotn four '.-? Bid threepence to one and elevenpence. ; The Victorian fleece wools rule no higher j^than three and sixpence halfpenny, which a few bales of the Stonclcigh clip realised. Mr. Cummings' clip ranges from three \- and fivcpencVto two and nincpence. ? ' Bo'KE of the parsons (say jEgleu in the /iutlral-asian) wrc cXcyct at missionary \- work. : One of thorn visited a jeweller's '; shop last week. His ostensible mission ?was to buy n thermometer. After devot ' Vjng ?considerablo time and circumspection ,to the choico, be pitched upon one priced 2s. He then produced a subscription list for some (doubtless excellent) object, and secured B 5s. donation. Balancing Jjis . accounts, that shopkeeper doesn't sec his way to pushing hisbnsinessmuch amongst the shepherds of the flocks. At a Land Commission held at Alexandra, Victoria, on Thursday weak, upon the application of John Mnrdovick being .called, the late pastoral tenant op . posed it, stating that the land included a ?hut 'And' some yards. ? Mordovick tod the commieBion that, Basing the run was gazetted ftstoifoited, and finding that the \- pastoral tenant had not paid any rentfor twelve months past, although be was still : shepherding big sheep upon the run, thus 1 violating the 93rd clause of «bc Act, be ' considered ho should get tho land. To .this the pastoral tenant replied thai he ?intended to ^re-purchase the mu atthe next sale of forfeited runs, at a reduced . rentl' The application of Mnrdovict ; 'mis granted.;1 - .?'??''-'? .-,? ? ; / ' ' vTriBa^r^AortelisaBtory nearly ;-, .« good .as that of Uie smart .young lady who took ber sent in « coach between two young gentlemen, and finding a hand en- 1 taring at each eUe i.f Ji r tunff, quietly and stealthily withdivw her own, and left the swains on either side to exchange lov ing squeezes within tho muff. . A young comic singer pot tin at a Bsllarat hotel rrcentl.r, and did all he could to get into the gond graces of the barmaid. Dqring the nfteninnn, he asked her to lend him a necdlo and cotton, as, taing a fincficJor, iio Lad (o sew on his oirn buttons. She promised to bring the ar tic os to his room, and when lie hod hi-cn fbcri- far a few nionjenlfi, be heard n gen tle tiip at his door. He opened it gcnt1.v, and a hand and an arm were pntin, and the nocdie and cotton nure handi-d to him. ITe took the needle, and, not satisfied with this, took hold of the hand also, nnd im pressed several loring kisses upon it. The hand was not withdrawn, nnd when the door wns opeiuil, our comic singer discovorrd, not the object (for the time being) nf his soul's adoration, buljan old lady of considerably ovor fifty summers, who poenicd lo enjoy the joke immensely. A Ghost Stouv. — As Mr. Douohov's mnil conch was lately passing Beabnls Point, betwnpn Hny and Wnggn, a voice wns heard crying ' Hie, Llic.' Young Donohoc stopped tbo coach, turned the Ininps round, coeyed, looked about for baifanhour, bnt'couid sec nothing. This would not haveliecn uoliccSTiut for the' fact that a*tflckmnn wns murderoil by a shepherd at the Point some 26 years ago ; our informant slates tliut if r IVlor Hal ?biBhjtlie former mail contractor, two ycart ago, saw the form of » man-joliiiging to bis coach wheels; and that Mr. John fijicklcy, when camped llicrc with ciittlo nt on-- time, saw the figure of a man, which ho hailed, bnt the .phantom .rotroatod to wards thn rivor'aiid disajipoarod. Souk very rich stonn, we have boon in formed by a gonlleinnn who rnenntly vifsitod that locality, hns boon obtained in No. 2 claim on (he Dnysprlng reef, at Currnjong, and the shfin* hnvo gono up from £40 to £ 1000, £800 having been offered for a half-share. A Cohimii. Cms m PisrCTKn fDBimrv. — A oxen of rtiMiulM i-l.-nti y, inrolvins tlioii.la lo wimg prnrir.rty in AuoUim'i, i' rxciling n great wnr»li'n-in Him oily. A trti-crim -ml to the Ofago Daily 7)lmcs linte* : — 'TJiaappIiosUonof U-e. Norman, In chamber*. (April S0)f lo n't mim'Bl.T the cstn'r cif flipluln If-. X'ora.n, a' the 0niu-rt flprrico ITdtnl, wn* o|inofi«l by Mr. Jon™ frnm Dunetlin, n Boi.-in.lqw of tho rii'C'VFcrl. A mo^t cxlrnordinary conflict of ori-1ence*-in fact, a tccxiid Tiohbonin c»'«— foll'-wM. Wr. Jonoi HNitiSiv (hn oup'i^Nnl -n n Mm. Kober|«-ii, ?o»( by him from Dutiofiin in 1860 (o aot ai bsrmaM far Mr. Nornun, m-\ twmni tint !l:o real Mm. Nnrni.n i«fn t union, ?rlilUicr Mr. Normiii, till lB07,r«!ii1«.lj nmitioi) £300 ymrlr. He ulintweiri tint Mr. Nnrninn and hii oifa had invtjM nn (lie Con'i|icr,l, l«-ri-ig flli'ir ttra eliitifrni at inhnnl in P«ri-. Thnapplicinl nvenrj (tint eli.ihprsrlf ni.d Mr. Norrnin vcra mirriod at Knulociw, tint rhx Mi ibaoliiMron at tchool in Pariit, and trnvpllcri riafwliora on thn O'tn*inrnt } that «ho n-ceirnit C3O0 rmrly, iirnl ili»l»ho would produce the bnnlt ^?t-hnnV k.'pl br her to ilm» it. Bl»!a!-oi»'-ant-h-t. din eve nut to Mr. Norman h; the (hip Blmtro, in !«-'.', ?nd tint thin will ho Orroborstcil hy a fn'mw ?B««'iii;pr, She aneara thai -lic «? n'»rr in Dun Nf in, and the) linr tjurnsce ce^flrjiln and ;irir-lo papen were bunieJt t)r Mr. N^rmftn onn Sunday vhilc ?he »?? 'I cliurcli. Tlic Judcc rcfu-eH to crant -ior a-)niini-lraiion, anil tlirw'aln rfnuin* in the ouralor1' lianilr till Iit i.lontiiy i« proie.l.' A iiriraie Icleirarn Hdn Hint ih« rorioiis nlDilarili fllorl in tlmfjaV)' hatn hpra nnhli.iieii. They arn contrndirtury j-nou»li ? — ',Ton™ and Albrri GrifllMl? ao'osr lhat tin. «ppli,;ai,l ti Un. Rnlwn con'trnry, and cleclanx that -he hcisMfi. one of the sirli put to ncliool ol Paris, and that she lived with Imr father and moilier in London. Wi'c Lirrf ray* Hint lie laid '? Mr'. Rolwrlunn a« a hui ninid mid milliner in Diirimlin, nnd E».»im that the applicant is not (lie fonirp-won. Hoffmann, a mune mop*pr, niid Hrnwit, ao holfti-Vefprr. idrmid Ii-t at Bf«. Nunnirs jn-t »t«fe they knew hrr in KucUnil. Gim-iU, an I'iprca drirrr, rmitirr I hit lie nn.n Wlon-posfcn^or will, hw in Hip Kiwi™, ivhieb loft homloa on thclal October, 18CS.' A 8*0 CtSE. — The Upper Hunter Courier rtatn tJial an un'orlininte in nil liy Hip n ?mo of David Oufni'nin w&9 tirwnrded on to Mu'clf' lirooV, from Maiilind. ITn stolw tlmt hi-«;rved in His Crimron wir or, IioiM f he Aj;»ni5innon at a nailor i hs p*it hia rl:?charge ni Siiith^ad; thtm br fhippi'd en an ordinary unman for thr- ' run out' on hoard UieRoWi Hmiterson, nndlsndel at Port Chnmhem, K=»- Z utjiirl, some aeven yearn «eo. We then trin I liioditsirii.'1, hot fiilcd , etentinlly he joined tlic voliintwre ol 3i Bi| a day «nd fldv acrw ol land to light Miorics, nahn terme (i, for «'J)eatli or viclorr ;' be got l«ken with tvro mates ftrietuen by (he nattrce, vrha hound them to a trre in a ih'l« of nudity, mni!«ro.l Ihfitn with lauri cum and am fl« to the rains, Iptvine them to their fate. JI « two inn!,* died, hut he aferanlT tins most, cixrruoiatingtorturenianeacird to rolcrae himmlf and wan'leroil into Uio bush, whcralio wa« found by a aparch pirty, who at ones nllenrlod to Jiitn. Thn poor unfortunate fellow had hif left arm burn! off, tho flngcre also of hu ri^ht Imnd alrnnai. to the Ifttuckln*, his ti^ht tide and thigll onntpleMy thntlenvi, and where the fliunra carrornl around liic client and bark, moat nnmirtikable *iens are loft to record the agony he mu*tliaT« endured. Ho waaahinmite of tho hospital twelro month«, -ad recorcrcd. Kp met in MusoiebrooV a. fov hind friends ?monpi't tho Freemaanna, of which order he is a roeniW ? Ihov attended to hia vantu, in addition Id vrhiob other gentlemen, whoao names it is needleu to mention, gave aid lit hia relief. Ho van kimlly pror'ded br Jfonra. Jone« and BraggM witb r. fr» p«B»3B» on Wednnday, to proceed lo to Qa'fiilisi and furthor Hrrrtnsempn'0 veto tn«do for him to reach Qulgong.n here be hopoa to dud his brothor. IS JtVoMTHTEBEA FltmtETP— The f:.llowin|7 paragraph wo lalio from the Ooul&urn; Ihralii —At the parade of tho Goultam Company of Yo'ugtegr Kiflea on~Saturdar« private Bob rtaon beine culledto the front oflhc company, Oaptain Rmri addrrraed him to the following -ff.ct:— ' You will racolleol that the other day when t waa on duty find in uniforDi, and you were in plain clot hen, you declined lo gite mo the military ealute, although I rrqu-sled ynu to do so. I am quite awaro that by therrgulationa I oould not com)Hil youlo rioao; but I wirh all the member* of my company to remember that whenever they meet mo, and I am in uniform, I expoct they will give me the military aaiuto. I reported the offnir to the Colonel, without snying who it vis, but merely tbata memborofniy oompsny aettnf so i nnd I received hia answer to-day, which he bai directed me to communicate to you. This ia the memo, of the Colonel on tny letter i — ' I am of opinion that thn member of your com pan? who ha« an beharad hns acted in nry bad tote, ard exhibited a demeanor not at all becoming to a soldier.' Fall in, fir.' The worda of (lie repu lati'm .bearing upon, this point are as follow i — ' Tolun/oem aliall fire (lie military mlwe to all coramiBtloned officers of volunteer corps in thia eolony and oulcpra of her Majesty's service when both are in uniform, ia the. manner Uid dows ia the Field Exerciae.' TWK Kortbirn Jrgtit ia respanaible /or the follonine : — ' Mr. Easinn, ? flshermon, who re- ' Bidet at InireaCreaii, oapiurad during the week, on one o( the inlands down tho river, an onorm ou- Atutnlian boa constrictor, measuring; 37 lecf ; he hsa it alire, and is grilling to uriow it to those «'vo are fond of cultivating aaapquainlancc vith auch monster*, tt nay be remembered that Itr. Baslon, tome limo rinse, ' placed a numW .«!?? crocodile's egea under a hen, and that the old lady broucht forth two joung rauriani ; one ol them a few davB'Mnreiiiiif, and lbs oHwr Ji tt, diaeomiobte (hat Sir. Barton' roan he shall bu oniUe torearit' , 