NOTICE TO JURORS IN THE BANCO COURT. Other jurors than thoso engaged, in tho trial of tho caso Lorian v. Cousins will not bo required till half-past 1 to- day. NOTICE TO JURORS.-Jurors summoned to attond No. 1 Jury Court, King-streot, Sydnoy, on Thursday, tho 30th May, instant, aro not required, and aro, therefore, discharged. CATALOGUE OP THE FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY. -Wo haye received from tho Librarian, Mr. Itobort 0. Walker, a copy of tho catalogno of tho Freo Pnblio < Library, recently propnrod. Tho titlos of tho books aro. arranged nccording * tho names of-thcir anthon). This ; arrangement is conveniont, ns in tho library, and in tho lithograph plan prefixed to tho catalogua, tho division ls nccording to subjects. ^ So that if any ono knows tho ' subject on which ho desires to read, but not tho nnthor, ho Bhould first oxamino tho compartments and sholvos of tho library ; if ho knows tho nnthor, but not tho sub- ject of his book, ho will find his way to tho desired volume by means of tho catalogno. Lists of tho trustees and officers, and tho regulations of tho library aro pro fixed to this catalogno. ' TUB ADOSE or Wim.-Tho following ¡iicopy of hoing presontôd to Parliament :-To tho Honornblo tho Mombors of tho Logislntivo ABBomblyof Now South Wnloa. Tho potitjon of tho undersigned residents of Albury and tho surronndinp; districts. Hnmbly. showoth-" Thnt undor tho 'Salo of Colonial Winos Regulation Act' any person can obtain a liconso to soil, by retail, wino, ciilor, or perry not to bo consumes in tho houso, shop, or storo, or on tho premises whore Bold, by paying animally ono pound liconBO feos ; bnt that bof oro n liccnao cnn bo grnntod undor tho ' Liconsed Publicans' Act, notico has to bo givon nnd polico onquirios modo as to tho eharnotor of tho porson applying for Bnch liconso. That this Aot is greatly abused, inasmuoh ns. tho greater nnmbor of pomona who talco ont licenses thoronndor Boll brnndy nnd othor; spirits, whioh aro doloterions and of bad quality, to tbo loss and injury of tho duly liconsod publican nnd against pnblio morality. That undor tho 'Liconsed Publicans'Act' a proper polico supervision is maintained over all liconsod pnblio housos, but that tho porsons taking out wino hecnaos aro so scattered over tho country districts that it is a mattor of impossibility, oren woro provision mado by tho ' SnloB of Colonial Wino Act,' to maintain |a duo polico snporrision over thom. That tho liconsod publican pays annually a lioonso foo of thirty pounds, and is 1 obugod to próvido a certain number of rooms for tho accommodation of travellers, bosidos stabling, nnd your potitionors aro nwnre that ¡tho honsoa to which wino liconeeB aro grnntod aro, to a.vory largo extent, mado uso of as accommodation housos, and that a groat incronso of drnnkonnoss and oriuio is tho result. Your Stitionors would theroforo pray that your honourable oiiBO would bo ploasod to causo tho Bald Act (tho Salo of Colonial Wino Regulation Aot) to bo repealed, or that yon would "grant such'othor roliof aa to your honourable Houso may seem moot, And your potitionors will over pray, &o.;, «to." t a petition which ia now I RELEASE OF DB. BAILEY.-On Safcurduj last, having remained in prison somewhat moro than ti» I six months for which ho was sentenced, Dr. Bailey wai released. Some of his friends, and others who thought it hard that ho should bo imprisoned for poverty,-after tho expiry of the term of imprisonment inflicted for a breach of the law,-joined in raising tho amount of tho fine of L50, and thus ennblcd him to meet that condi- tion of his sentence, which required that ho should bo further imprisoned until the fine wns paid. THE PROPOSED TESTIMONIAL TO DETECTIVES ELLIOTT AND CAMTHIN.-In accordance with tho de- termination arrived at at tho general mooting convened for the above purpose on Monday evening last, a moot- ing of tho committee was hold yesterday afternoon, at tho Metropolitan Hotol, to mako tho necessary arrange- ments in connection with tho contemplated testimonial to dotectives Elliott nnd Carnpliin as a recognition of thoir Bcrvices in bringing to justico the murderers of tho late Messrs. Walker and Bridger. Mr. C. Lester J.P., took tho chair, and after tho Bocrctary had handed over to the treasurer some monies collected by him, upon"tho motion of Messrs. Do Lissa and G. B. Bobina, it was decided that subscription lists should bo at once issued nnd distributed throughout tba colony. It was also ultimately decided that tho secretary should uso his own discretion in issuing tho lists. Two additional names wore added to tho committee, and after somo discussion as to tho prospects of a largo sum of monoy being col- lected, tho proceedings terminated. THE GOVERNOR OP QUEENSLAND.-A. ver injudicious ottcroptwaB inodo yesterday on tho race course to elicit applause for his Excellency Ilia Governor AB tho Marquis dravo up in front of tho Grand Stnni Mr. Palmor, who was on tho Stand, took off his hut uni called for " three rattling; cheers for his Excelloncy tin Governor," a languid responso was mado by somo of tin occupants of tho Stand, but tho people on tho courso, ai soon as they realised what was going on, Bet np a " boo ooh," which, in Queensland, does duty for tho groan o: popular assemblages, and quito extinguished theapplniiso Later in tho day, when his Excollcncy was leaving thi course, another attempt to cheer him was responded to mon quickly, becaiiBO moro readily understood, by a genera groan, which rolled over tho wholo courso. Now, while recording theso facts, wo think it far from pleasant to do so, but there is no ono to blnmo for thom but thoso who go out of their way to invite sucli exhibitions of . feeling. Wo aro quito Büro tho people would willingly I let Ins Excellency pass in silenco, and, as tho Qnoon's representative, would show him rcBpoot in a formal way. But, personally, ho is not at all popular, and whon mon like Mr. Palmer, who will not understand tho feoling of tho pcoplo, provoke such demonstrations as those wo have alluded to, they only aro to blamo, and tho Governor has little causo to thank thom. Brisbane Colonist, May 25. i THE CONDEMNED CRIMINAL, BILLY WIDE ! BAT.-Oar readers will remember that, nt tho last sit- tings of the Assize Court nt Tamworth, tho last dread sentenco of tho law was pronounced by his Honor Judge Hargrave, on an aboriginal named Billy Wido Bay, for rape, near Narrabri. Tho caso was amost rovolting ono, hoing committed without the slightest excuse or provo- cation, and tho learned Judgo in passing scntoneo, in formed tho prisoner that ho need not have any hopes of a commutation of tho penalty. Wo havo been informed that tho Executive Council has resolved to carry out tho sentence on tho 18th Juno, but tho placó of execution bas not yet been determined npon. lt is thought, how- ever, by Borne persons that tho execution will tnko place in Tamworth, but this we can hardly imagine, as tiiero aro no facilities for complying with tho law. Tho gaol is a disgraceful wooden structure ; insccura to n most alarming extent, and certainly insufficiently enclosed to sconro privacy. Wo trust that somo repre- sentation may bo made to tho Government on this bend, in order to inriaco it to havo tho execution performed olsewhere. The culprit is a rather good- looking abori 'ginal, and, for _ his olass, intelligent. He hos been obedient and quiot since tho sentenco has been passed upon him, and seems resigned to his dreadful fate. Tamworth Examiner. Ali AMUSING OCCURRENCE.-A Ballarat .papor Bays:-"Thoro hos. been many a good laugh at tho story of tho smart young lady in tho coach who took her seat botween two young gentlemen. Boforo sho had been Bitting long sho felt a hand introduced into her muff on ono Bide, and in a fow moments tho young gentleman on tho other side introduced his hand also. "Tho lady removed her own hands, and lot tho gentlomen squcczo ono anothor, under tho cover of tho muff, to their hearts' content. But this has almost boen equalled by tho conduct of a young lady in ono of our hotels, ' and, as tho matter bas got abroad, thoro has boon a good d al of fun over it. A young comic singer, who only arrived at Ballarat about two days ago, put up at a certain hotel, and did all ho could to got into tho good graces of tho barmaid. During tho afternoon ho asked her to lend him a needle nnd cotton, as, being a bachelor, ho had to sew ou his own buttons. Sho promised to bring tho articles to his room, and when ho had boon thoro for a few moments ho hoard a gentío tap at tho door. Ho oponed it gently, and a hand and arm wero put in, nnd tho ncedlo and cotton woro banded to him. Ho took tho needle, and not satisfied with this, took hold of tho hand also, and impressed sovoral loving kisses upon it. Tho hand was not withdrawn, and when tho (loor was opened, our comio singer discovered, not tho object (for tho timo being) of his soul's adoration, but an old lady of consi- derably over fifty summers, who seemed to enjoy tho joko immensely." ! OUTKAQB BT THE NOETHEEN BLACKS.-A I double, murdera(8aya tho Rockliampton Bulletin) was I committed on tho Barcoo by tho blacks on tho 21th I ultimo. _ Tho particulars only reached town on Thurs. I day ovoning, moro than throo weeks after tho occur ' ronco^ In a_ lottor rccoivod by Mr. Stevenson, tho I following particulars aro convoyed':-Tho victims woro Mr. Wolford, tho owner of a cuttlo station adjoining Isis Bowns, and his stockman. Whilo engaged in cross- cutting a treo, they appear to havo been struck from bellini! by tho blacks, and to havo died without a struggle Messrs. Harris and Röwo happened to bo i visiting tho run afterwards on business, and finding ! no ono in tho hut, and that it had been rifled of all tho JircamiB, ammunition, saddles, and rations, their snspicions wero aroused. Tlioy modo a search, and found tho placo whore tho murders were committed. They afterwards discovered poor AVelford's body in a deep waterhole Tho stockman's body had not been found, but no doubt is entertained thnt ho, too, was fonlly murdered. Complaint is rando that tho crime is trncoablo to tho insufficiency of polico protection, and to_ tho wnnt of a proper patrol on tho roads of that dis- trict. Another lottor recoived iu town, di.' «1 Tambo, May 10th, supplies tho following extract.- "Wo have had very sorrowful nows hore. Poor -Mr. Wol fordpand his Btookmnn havo been murdered by tho blacks, two hundred milos lowor down tho river than wo aro. I havo known him for tho last six years. Ho had country tnken up, and was cattlo1-farming. It sooms that ho and tho stockman had boon felling somo timber, porhaps to moko yardB, and as they bout over thoir work, tho blacks came unawares and killed them'. Tiley must havo boen somo time dead, for when tho body of Welford was found it was floating on tho top of the water. Ho must havo been killed, and afterwards dragged to tho waterhole, and thrown into it. Tho body of tho stockman is not yet found." MOUNT PERRY COPPER MINES.-Wolca: This raino is looking very promising, nnil tho work of development is hoing quickly proceeded with. In tho tunnel on No. 1, a bountiful lodo of rich black oxide, sixteen inches in width, was struck on Monday last. I This, together with tho prospocts already opened up, stamps this property ns gonuino. A fiuo sam plo of tho oxido roiorrcd to cnn now bo Been nt this oflico. Mungni : On this property, which belongs lo Mr. Henry Dingle, two trial shafts aro being put down, and as tho lodo appears well defined on the Burfnco it is anticipated that satisfactory resulta will bo tho couscquonco, in which coso immediato stops will bo taken to put tho property in a marketaulo ! form. Pollock's Selection s Wo wore lcd to boliovo : that something tangiblo in tho Bhapo of operation would bava been performed by this timo on this proporty, but I wo bogin tb think that tho proprietors havo scurcoly yot made up their minds whnt to do with it. Nor- manby : Tho prospects of this mino still continuo to improve Sovoral compotont minors havo been ongaged this wcok, and two new shafts commenced j the shafts ara to be named af tor Mr. H. Palmor aud Mr. G. Mooro, two of tho directors, and from those shafts splendid results may bo oxpocted. Tho lodo in Frazer's tunnol still continues good, tho rock Rotting softer, nnd tho oro improving in quality. From this tunnel sovoral tons of first-class oro caa bo aeon. There is also a _ chango for tho botter both in Graham's and Nixon's shafts, tho bard groy ora giving placo tp black oxide of copper-whilst tho rock, which was rather bani, is getting vory much softer, greater progress, consequently, will bo mado. Tito drays havo arrived with tools and mntorinls, and will bo nt onco reloaded with copper oro, of which thoro aro several tons already bagged on tho ground. In a short timo tho manager ' expects to bo in a position to givo n largo nnmbor of drays constant loading. As an iustanco of faith in tba prospects of this property, wo may Btato that yostorday ono of tho minors ilaid .£100 cash down for 100 shares in it j but generally, amongst tho miners, tho mina is spokon of vory favourably indeed.-Mount Perry Mail, .A GHOST STORY.-As Mr. Donohoo's mail eo'uoh was lately passing Beabula Point, botwoou Hay anti Wagga, n'voico .was hoard crying "Hlo, Ino/' Young Donohoe stopped tho coach, tnrnod tho lamps round, coooyed, looked nhout for halr- on.hour lint could soo nothing. This would not hnvo|beon noticod but for tho fact that a stockman wns murdorod hy a shepherd at tho Point somo twontyyoars ago ¡ and our informant statos that Mr. Peter Halbish, tho former mail contrae-, tor, two'yoars ago, saw tho form of n man clinging to his conoh whools | and that Mr. John Buckby, when camped thoro with eattlo at ono timo saw tho figuro of a man. which ho hnllod, hut tho phantom retrontod to wards tho river nnd disappeared,-Hay ßtanaam. .. 