UMPIRE IN A FOOT-RACE. Tho occasion on which I felt the' difficulty and the delicacy of this position occurred to mo ono morniug in tho beginning of March. When-driving to cover ou-the turnpike-road between Birmingham and Bromsgrove, I behold before, iho at.a cortaiwcolobratcd level hnlf.milo some 200 or 300 men. from whoso boisterous demeanour and peculiar garb, although distinguished by much variety of detail, I inferred thoy wore of active habits, and moving somowluit rapidly in tbc lower sphoro of society. I bad no desire to become intimate with them, and fully intended to pass thorn uuheeded ; but I was frustrated. Forming across tho road they summoned mo to 8 top, enforcing their poremptory mandate by seizing my horso'a head. Fcejing that tho odds in tho ovent of a personal encounter wero against mo, I mndoa virtue of Necessity and pulled up. Surprised, but retailing mv natural politeness, I inquired tho meaning of so uncivil a proceeding. A gentleman iii a fur cap enlightened mo at once. " Whoy, sur, we have gotten a bit of a rn-Qctij'fcwixt a Wolv'rampton mon and a Brumagoin inon, and want a humpire: tho Wolv'rampton men won't havo a Brumagein mou, and tho Brumagem mon won't have a Wolv'rampton mon ; so wo'vo 'greed to stop the fust gen'leman as comes along the road ; and you're tho fust wo'vo seed, and youH havo to do it." "It's all very fine," I replied, " but it's out of my line altogether. I Know nothing about such things, and fear I should not givo satisfaction." "That bo blowcd," said furry cap, " any fool can toll who's fust." " Just so, my frienS," said I ; " any fool can tell who's fust ; but as I do not at present set myself down in that category, I. may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity of tho transaction, disappoint you." " None o' yer patter, guv'nor,""8Aidathin, whito-faeed fellow, who fancied I was from town. " Stow that!" said half a dozen others; "you're right enough." "You ain't such a tool as you look." "You'll be right enough; you ain't got nothing on it, and there ain't toimo to square yer now," " Out you come." And amidst such flattering and encouraging re marks, I reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best. I took, or rather I was shoved into my poBt. " It's a hundred yards'; race," said a gentleman who took upon him self tho office of my instructor. " A cove down yonder '11 firo a pistol; and .you got to see who touches this 'ere string fust." "I understand;,,-said I; "I understand; thank you very much." . " Tho Brumagem mon's got a red haudkcrcher tied round his 'ed : the Wolv'rampton mon's got a blue 'un." " Ay, I see ; very good." The pistol was fired, and oft' they went at a rattling hundred yards pace. " Now blue I" " Now red !" Now one's nose is half an inch first ; now tho other's ; wriggle wriggle, bound, step out, wriggle wriggle again, and amid uproarious shouts and cries of " Bluo !" — " Red I red ! red !" — " Bluo ! blue !" the string was borno away, and the goal was passed. One was first, I am suro of that, but red and bluo passing and repassing each other in quick succession dazzled mo, aud for my life I could not say which. Had I been a man of firmness by nature, or used to Bucb affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on tho instant; but, alas! I was neither. Con scientious withal, I took tiine_to consider. Wo know what place is paved with good intentions, and 1 was thinking of it, aud really meaning to be very just, when I was rudely roused by a push, and " Now then — who's fust?" from fifty voices, proceeding from as many bony jaws. " Lot mo con- sider," said I. " 0, it wants no considering." " Say red, or_I'Jl fill yer eye up !" " Bluo, you fool 1 say bluo !" said a collier- looking man ; " blue, or I'll crack yer nut !" and so on, till quito bowildered, I bethought myself to say, " dead heat 1" — bethought myself, I say, and luckily I did. no more. They read it-in-my-eyerr.".'Nono-o'-yerrdead- heat3f— said about a .hundred, " or we'll kick yer ! None o' that) mind." I tried to smilo benignly on my persecutors, but fancy I looked very like a ghost, and should have abandoned myself to despair bad I known -how -to -set aoout-it, when suddenly a voice, friendly, but unmusical, whispered gruffly in my ear, " Mister ! I know you ; you know me — I'm Ben Terry. Say red — that's Brumagem ; it's all right — there's 'nough on us 'ere to pull yer through it. Get m tho middle on us and say red." I looked at my friend, and trusted him — I would havo em braced him — but I had not time. So, follow ing his advice, I got behind him, and shouted "red!" with might and main. "Red!" shouted Ben, echoing my decision in a most confirmatory tone. " Red, you ! Any on yor want nnythink ?" As I was hoisted into_my_yehicle,_the.littie.crowd.was.BurgiDg. considerably, and I thought I saw a fight or two, but having something else of more im portance on my mind, namely, my own safety, I drove away. Since that- time I havo avoided level half miles on my way to cover. Bailey e Magazine. . 