STHE TERRORS OF THE IGHT. Here i re two aiitedotes of " imagary bed chamber terrors which deserve to be set side hy side. Dr. Goochreelates that when he was bound apprentice to a surgeon, he was put to sleep in a lonely garret. Opposite the bed was a large cuop .board, and as the key was in the door, the embryo practitioner could not resist peeping in. Be im mediately repented of his r.sla uiibsity, for with in hle sw the' gris?y form' of a' skeleton ! Shud dering, with horror he hastily locked the door, and placed the key under his pillow. But lie was too frightened to sleep; he could not keep :his thoughts offthei grin tenant'of the cupboard, hnd when at Inst'lie loplied' into a 'doze, he staited up with a shriek,:being firmly convhiced that trwo bony hands had seized him by the ankles, and were pulling .him towards the end of the lied. The other tale is to the following effect. Towards thel"cud of the last century, Parsons and Ned Holtoin, the actors, were staying at a Liverpool' inn. As the house was very crowded, they had to be coitent with a singe bed. Holtoim, a famous exponent at Covent Garden of the charac ter of Filch, and oun of ths - most timid men in London; went to bed first.' -When 'P.irsos came up he found his companion with his knees drawn up pin.an agony of terror.. '" There's a wild beast," he whispered, "at the bottom of the clothes," "Norsense,"'cried" Pa~rsons, as le jumped into :bed arid thrnst down his feet. But he quickly withdrew them on. finding that they came in con tact ,with some shaggy substance.-. Just then thiir~ alarnis were aggravated by the stealthy opening of:the" doeio anid the appearance of a military figure. :The visitor,proved to be no ghost, but an honest foot soldier who civilly apologised for his intrusion, said he had concealed his knapsack at the foot of the bed, and begged to be allowed to remove it. A chaiitable.Detroit man in America sen't a hbuiidle of cast-off clothing to thle Iorrni-out victims from the -Wieonsmn prairie fires; he re cei'ed from one of the suffereus the following "I The commity inan giv me, amongst other things, ivat hbe called a pare of, pants,' andi t'would make 'me pant sum to wear 'em Ifonild yolur naim and -_.vhero you lived in:one of the pokits.' Wy wife haffed so wl en I showed 'em to her, that I thot she w:' uld havse a cbipsljid fit:. She wants to' know if there. lives; and- brethes a man who 'has legs no bigeor than that. She sed if there was,' be orter be .akhe' op for '?agrinsy for haviii' no visible nmeues of support. I couldh't get em on my eldest boy, so I used 'em for gun- cases. If you have ano h-r pare to spair,' my wife ' would like to get 'em to hang up by the side of the fire-plase'to keeli the t'ngs in." A soar place-Up in the clouds.:', - A bad thing to keep--Lato.hours: A A mantle shelf--A girl's shoulder.; Long division--Separation for life. Some girls are like old muskets; they use a good deal of powder, but won't go off. Fabhionable 'Patroness, (to cliuarity girl who has sein 'away forsa holiday) :' `Well, Betsy Jane, and what did' yd' do when yon'went to see your friends!.' .Betsy:Jane: _' Please'. m'm, I wore a panier A.hustaand jlended, to.a,libel- for divorce o'on' iccsuot of crmuelty ind neglect, that his wife, \- the l hillant '.'siuokle harshly to' himt and threw' p.liaws at hina, which resulted: in dyspepsia Disoric granted. A: A.'gentlemani ' inquired of a carpenter's • b.y, -'My 'lad,' when will this jib you have on hand be- done ?" "I can't tell, sir," replied the * hone'st- buy artlessly.;" It's a'day job, and it will delpend how soon the boss has another order." " ' A little boy waus asked by his teacher to write ' composition 'on' the subject of water, aind the following is the production :-"- Wate'r'is good 'to dink, to swim in, and to skate on when frozen. , Wheu'I wa?s alittle baby, the urse'iised 'to bathe me every morning.in the,water. :I have been told tl;a the Injuns don't washl.themeelves but ,nce min ten yeats. I wish I was'an ii?i'iil !" ' "My dear," said a' hushnuid to' his 'wife, "I'm going to starta coffee pi.itation." "Bow'll you get .the land?" "Oh, there's. no trouble about-that? I always have plenity ofoffee ground. SOne. of the.locai, papers says: that the builder of a churchl now in rourse of erection south of the Thames, when the tuast of his health was giiven;.rathei'ieiiigmaticidtly reililed thiat .hie was more fitted for the scnffold than for public speak ,;; Miss .Tucker saysum it. is :with bachelors as with oldiveod: it is hard to get them started, : but when they do take flatil they burn prodigiously. \- A :Yankee doctor liad'contrived to, extract from sausages a poweuful tonic, which he says con= tains the whole strenglh of the original bark. lie :calls it the sulphaite of 'acinie " .. very nimprudent burglar was:convicted at the Brit l asaizes. He had breken intoa house 'and it.Shu a nituier iof articlel"aius'tn tidiein beieg a bottle of wine. With this last article he pre cieded to the shrubbery; seated himnself under a lilac tree, ani dranik tilt Iiuefell asleelp In this I Ioitiun" he was tiliweidd isy ab Ialicemlnil 'T?'ihe uary found' tlhe:iisiier guilty; but:'r ddoimended " im'to"mereev beanuee_to.ey thought be was nat "reas:onsible fur his actions at the tiaue." On the judge askingwlu&ai; 'idenic' 'there was to show twat he was not p r1,s o til T I aist ll'?time, thefoure niai r. ii!ied ihat:itf he hbsa' l-een;resInmible the jurytc diga'thuisk ie kit\l?'i?,J blii' uuoh a fooel, :; h?3:Jil 