THE GHOST IN THE BEDROOM. I am a vory timid man, and always was. In fact, timidity is a quality inherent in the time- honored family of whioh 1 am proud to acknowledge myself a scion. Bat though 1 am tnmd, vory timid, I would havo you to know tbat I am not a coward — oh, dear no, by no means ! Iu my nature, my constitu tion, thoro is as bouudlsss an amount of valor aud bravery as ever fired tho breast of a Homorio hero. You may suy I am egotis tic, or whatever you pic so; I don't care; I'm only speaking the plain truth. Well, though I do possess all these glo rious attributes whioh oomblue to con stitute a hsro, I must confess that .there is ono bad quality which weighs very heavily on tha opposite side, and that i3 my natural timidity, simlit, whioh frequently re strains tho exercise of my more herolo attri butes, aud whioh seldom fails to make au ad mirable coward of me whoa anything per taining to the supernatural Is mentioned. Truly, whenever referonoo is made to aught ghostly or infernal, I am dangerously ad dicted to genuflexions of a spa'.modlo cha racter. And now I shall proceed to recount to you an advonture whioh I experienced some time ago, and which may tend to au exposi tion of somo of my tomporamental peculi arities— (By-the-bye, if you deem mo a trifle too egotistlo, whioh, sans doule, you will be inclined to do, I hops you will put it down on tho score of " temperamental pecu liarity")— not to speak of the intrinsic worth of the narration on account of the deep interest whioh it will certainly oxolte. I am nwaro that there are many who, previous to retiring at night, take up a book or paper to road a little by way of a nai cotio : now, my doar reader, I a:u a con scientious and woll-meaning person, and I tell you that if you havo begun to read this as a mere stimulus to sleep, you had better per form, at once, that vory simple operation of obanging your mind, for tho pornsal of the present narrative, I honestly believe, will bo more productive of anti-uarootic effeots than tho strongest green tea over mado use of by an aspirant to soholastio honors. It was about ten o'clook in the evening of a blazing hot summer day when I arrived, hungry, weary, and footsore, in the import" ant looality of Ikitborough; and as tliero was not another placo at whioh I might rest comfortably within fifteen miles, I deemed it expedient to remain in the " important" borough for the night: Strolling up the principal street, my at tention was drawn to a large houso — large in comparison with tho sarrounding hovsls — by the "loud" window, whioh verily boasted all the colore of the rainbow, and a groat many more. On this many-colored ground it was notified in black capitals that every accommodation for travellers was provided within. I J immediately decided that I should take up my quarters here, so I entered by aside door, and found myself in a vory oomfortable Iittlo parlor, whioh communicated, by moanB of a gl&se-; panelled door, with the bar, for I immedi ately observed that the plaoe was an hotel. Laying my portmnntoau on the little table whioh stood in the centre of the apartment, 1 threw myself upon tho sofa whioh was placed directly opposite the before-men tioned glass-panelled door, through which I saw two persons, a male and femalo, both looking very 'mysterious, and seemingly in deep cogitation. As they wore spanking in that low key in whioh people generally expreie themselves upon auy mysterious subject, I was unable to overhear much of what was going on. Howovor, I did succeed iu catch- the finale of their conversation, whioh was spoken a trifle loader. "Ah!" said the male ; "and how long do you say he's been missing ?" " Only sinoe yesterday, " said the femalo. "Mr. Pry says that he saw him near the river, but as he wob about to approaoh, Joe mado away." "Ah, well, geoduess only knows what's become of him," sighed the landlord, for he it was, as I aftorwards loasnt ; and than, seem" mo through tho door, he oamo iu to inquire of mo what he might do to accom modate me. I simply told him that I re quired some refreshments and rest- for tha night. After having despatched a by no means scanty meal, I desired the landlord to eon- duot me to my sleeping apartment, where upon he soon provided a light, and request- Iny me to follow he led the way up a narrow staircase. Having arrived at the landing above, ho pushed open a door, and we entered a very oosy little room, which, he informed me, I wa3 to rest in for the night ; and, having performed sundry little evolutions in the manner of an accomplished valot, by way of seeing to my comfort, ho very de ferentially wished me " Good night," aud wont ont. When left to myself I began to throw my eyos about the room with a sense of relief, after the toil and travel of thr day ; but anon . my thoughts re- aurred to that mysterious fragment of a con versation whioh I bad ovorheard. The con sideration of it did not bid fair to set ms at ease for the night. Iu truth, I soon began to feel anything but oomfortable. A party by the name of Joe had bssu missing, an-1 had been sosn near tha river. Csrtaiuly affairs bora no vory pleasing aspect. What oould a missing parson have had iu his haa I that he had boon soen in the vicinity of the river 1 Nothing but the intention of making away with himself headlong. And who, I wondered, oould Jos have been 1 I began to think aud speculate, but oould arrive at no definite conclusion as to his porsonall'iy. Perhaps, he was some poor wretch, who, 1 having grown sick and tired of life, had drowned hitnsolf ! And here was I in the very houee from whioh a person had been missing— perhaps I was now in the vory room formerly ooenpiod by Joe. How horrid. I reflected that, had Jos expsrlcoced any foul play, nothing would be more pro babls than that his Enlolaa would liiuut tho room oocapio.1 by him in the flesh. How iiiy" flash drops 4s I repeated 11 Aud this may bo tha vory room !" I began to csnsure my very imprudent conduot, Why did I not, instoad of tarry ing, keep on my way ? Tno weather could not havo prevontod mo ; it was an extremely hot night — that reminded mo that I ought to raise tho window in order to admit somo frosli air, which I did. Again I began to ponder upon Joe'o dis appearance. I immediately reoolleotod that on being seen noar tho river ho had mado away — perhaps to plunge in at somo other part. Bah I I would not beliove it. The man, whoever ho was, had only gono to live somewhoro else, without giving notice ; perhaps merely to escape tho importunities of his oreditora. Perhaps so. With this oonaolatloD, I proceeded to undres3 mys.lf. But, again, no soonor was I com fortably settled under tho bodclothcs than n horrid paok of ugly suspicions and supposi tions oamo ooursiug through my brain like so many bloodhounds. I agreed that I was in a most unenviable predicament. I literally trembled, although, as I remarked before, it was an extroinoly hot night. I felt so nervous that I was really afraid to extinguish tho little remainder of the candle, whioh burned on the table besino my bed, and within oomfortahlo reaali of my hand. Howovor, it went out of its own acoord after a fow minutes, and loft mo all in the dork. Then, ay, thcu it was that my purgatory began in earnest. It was pitch dark. I could not even perceive tho prox imity of tho milky white connterpaao whioh adorned tho little dressing table bosido my bed. All I could mako oat was ono square patoh of darkness, whioh indicated tho locality of the window, and which was only surpassed in darkness by tho blaoker darkness of tho surrounding wall, I abandoned myself to dc-apair, I knew not for what. I covered my head. I tried to sleep, but no, it was no uso. Lord have mercy ! Did I hoar tho clank ing of obains ? Tho sound was not extra loud, but certainly I hoard it. What was to become of mo 1 I felt a oold sweat issuing from every pore in my body. I relied tho bedclothes tighter over my head, in which act I exposed my toeB, in oonseqacnoe of the oxtremo shortness of tho blanket aud quilt, whioh were tho only oovering I had. I was afrakl to make auy effort to ro- covor thorn ; and, hoaveus, how f tram- bled when I felt the ' oooasional draughts of cool air fan my poor unprotected toes ! And there was a blessed ghost in tho room at tho same time ! I was certain there was one by the oontinual clanking of the obains. Soon I heard the sound of the ghost's bony toes as ho, or sho, went danc ing round the room. Thud ! — thud ! — thud ! wont my heart, and I was afraid that the noise of its throb- bings might betray my presence. I wished to placo my haud over it in order to calm its agitation, but I was so frightened that I dared not to move a single joint for the life of me. Suddenly tho olanking of chains oeased, and also tho sound of the bony feet, and there ensued an ominous silonce. Oh, benignant Phoebus ! smiling god of day ! how fervontly I prayed for thy speedy advent ! Hush ! Again I heard the pit-a- pat of tho bony feat ! O, murder, what a cold spasm held my breath when I felt the ghastly grip of tho akoleton'a hand as ho forcibly laid hold of my much-to-be-pitiod toes. Lord ! what a weight was tbat bony grip ! I could foal the sharp pointa of the long flilgSM as they pinched Into my vory flesh. Despair emboldened me : On a sudden I was possessed of a feeling of the most in domitable courage. Yes ! my higher quali ties wore beginning to gain tho ascendanoy over my lower ones. Alter a fow moments of painful hesitation, I managed to find tho use of my organ of speeoh ; and I contrived to squeeze out tho qnestion : " Who are you ?" To whioh tha ghost re plied by relteratiug tho same question. "Iamthe s6n,"rcspendedl, "of a rcspoot- ablo gentleman, and I oharga theo, in the name of that faith whioh in llfo thou didst profess, to unfold thyself 1 Tell me, dost thon know aught of Joe, who is missing from this domiollo t Or art thon Jos ? Or' who art thou ? "Happy Joey! Who are yon?" At this, I gave vent to a scream which might have oalled Joe's spirit frcm Hades, had it not boon present at that moment. I s ion heard footBtops, and after a moment there OAme a tap to the door. "Come in ! " I oried, tremblingly. I hoard the look turn, and then tho door creak, and then a stop in tho room, and I, in my extrome terror, immediately recog nised the landlord's voice, as ho asked what was the matter. "Look round !" said I; "don't you seo anything ?" ' ' Well," said he, "oertalnly I seo " " O — D— o — oh, Lord," groaned I. "Yes, I seo something I've been looking for." "Heavens !" cried I, "how oalm he is ! Don't you see the skeleton gripping my toe?" f He burst into a laugh, whiob, to my wonder, lasted for some time. Still trem bling, I ventured to unoovor my head, and there I Baw, cosily perohed on my great toe, a fine cockatoo, which had evidently effeoted an entrauoo through the open window, not withstanding the weight of the steel chain (not a vory light ono) whioh wob attached to its leg. It turnod out that the bird was no other than the Joe of whom the landlord aud hiB good lady had been Bpeakidg when I first entered. And what a miserable fool I had mado of myself. However, the landlord persisted in expressing his thanks to me for oalling him in time to seonre his bird -before it coald depart, which, ho said, it osrtainly would have done with the first peep of day. Again bidding mo good night, and taking the bird in hiB arms, he departed ; and, un troubled by any more ngly thoughts, I again laid myself down, and fell into a sound sleep, from whioh I awoke at eight the next morning. BENJAMIN. 