The Week. The Inspector-General of Police lias beeu in formed by a magistrate of Victoria that Mr. John Dellar Irvine, the misting mining speculator from Tatnbaroora, was seen about a fortnight ago at the ' Black Boy ' dig gings, near Launceston, Tasmania ; therefore Mr. Irvine's friend need be under no alarm about his safety. St. Stephen's Chapel of Ease, North WUlougkby, was opened for divine service on Saturday afternoon, the 30th ultimo. - Before the service commenced Mr. H. H. Bligh, secretary and treasurer to the building committee, read the license, signed by the ComraiEsary. The Rev. W. C. Cave Browne Cave,. M.A., incumbent of St. Thomas', St. Leonards, read the prayers, after which the Dean of Sydney preached from the 23rd and 21th verses of the 1st of the service a collection was made, amounting to nearly £10. A bee nieetiug of the West Maitlaud Company of Volunteers is to be hold to-day, in order to repair the butte at East' Maitland. The occasion will afford some exercise in square and trench drill. We learn by telegram that Rossiter's exhibi tion engine started on Thursday at Hill End, and that there was great enthusiasm on the occasion, thiB being the pioneer engine in the district. It is a winding engine of 10-horEC power. Not many years ago a needy and somewhat seedy visitor claimed the hospitality of a squatter in the Southern districts, and finding that he was welcomed, and not well knowing where, to turn himself, enjoyed the kindness ex tended to him for a considerable time. The owner of the station showed no disposition to tire of his self-invited guest, and treated him cordially and generously through out; but his thrifty 'better- half' occasionally exhibited symptoms of restiveness, end at laBt rebelled against the stranger's longer '* loafing' on the Bquattage, and refused to supply his daily requirements at the domestic board. One morning bis plate was removed from the breakfast table in his ? presence, and in terms distinct and un mistakable he was ordered off the premises, and told to go and work for his victuals. The stranger Jeft the station at once, and the force of circumstances turned his footsteps, as it happened, to fortune, fie wended his way to Queensland, succeeded, in conjunction with another person, in establishing a business which re quired no capital, and was unusually successful in the undertaking. La the course of a few years he amassed a fortune of tea thousand pounds, ami retired. Meantime, a succession of bad seasons had brought the squatter to low EtraightE— the station slipped out of hie hands, and he ended by becoming a resident in a town in the Southern districts, largely in debt, end altogether thoroughly hard up. The quondam ' loafer' had not forgotten the kind ness received at his handB— thanked the apparently harsh command of his friend's wife for putting him ' to his mettle,' Bought the reduced squattier out, and suoceeded in finding him. After a cordial greeting the now wealthy ' loafer ' invited his friend into the nearest hotel, told him he had to thank his wife's stem command for bis success in life, and ended by informing him that if he could come across another station that ho thought would pay, he had a few pounds which were heartily at his.service, . The station was found, £5000 were advanced to purchase it and stock, and although only a year or two lias since gone by, the squatter has been able to repay his friend nearly the whole of the cash advanced, and looks forward, with another year like the past, to being able to clear off every farthing of the amount. And we hope he may succeed, and hare a lengthy and prosperous career alter having done so. — l'ass Courier, Lately George Nye,- of Newman's Gully, was summoned to the Police Court for wages, alleged to be due to John M. Cooke, for work done in a claim ca the Undaunted Reef, Dun Dun. la course of the inquiry which ensued, (observes the Tatnbaroora Times) it appeared tbat Nye bad promised to pay £1 per week to Cooke, who bad at Nye' 6 request given him a share in the claim, in. consideration for his so backing him in the work, and further had written out an agreement to sell the share to Nye for £30, and had actually receipted the same for £30 cash paid to him by Nye, although Cooke admitted that the document was fictitious, and that Nya had not paid him a farthing; but that the receipt was given to make the claim *' look welL' The Police Magistrate dismissed the case -w'th a severe admonition to both parties on (he ewirdlirg nature of the transaction. It was stated by a Melbourne telegram ou Thurs day 'evening: that the conspiracy case against Hewitt, Bedford, and others was called on at the polioa-coart on that day, but that a remand was granted for a week on account of the absence of some of the defendants, who are in Sydney. Some speculation was caused yesterday (Mon day) forenoon in West Maitland by the non-arrival of the usual up-country mail, and we found on inquiry that its detentien was due to a railway accident. The following are the circumstances of the occurrence, so far as we have been able to gather them: — Upon the train, coming past Grasstree Hill, near Muswellbroak, and while rounding a short curve there, one of the driving-rods con necting the engine-wheels suddenly snapped, and the other red bent very considerably. The forward part of the broken rod dropped at once to the ground, and the effect of its im pact was to cause the engine to give a series of very un comfortable jerks, bat it fortunately remained on the rails, and presently was brought to a standstill. The guard was dispatched to Muswellbrook on foot, and afterwards a trolly was cent down, but it was not till an engine and carriages were forwatded from Singleton that the passengers were enabled to proceed on their journey. A delay of about five hours was occasioned by the untoward accident, and as the broken engine could not be moved forward the line remained blocked. It was understood, however, that by hauling the carriages behind the enginebackwards, and by then drag ging the engine in the same direction, the liae'will be ren dered clear for traffic, and we presume no time will be last in effecting this object. — Maitland Mercury. The question of the advantages attendant ou fencing in the rnnB, and letting the sheep go at large, whan compared -with shepherding the sheep on unfenoed runs (says the £attoral Times) has now been pretty well tested on the Darling. It is estimated that the sheep have at least on an average one pound of wool more when they are permitted to go luwhepherded. Nor is this all— the wool ia deoidedly cleaner, more free from dirt or 'gritty' sub stances, and has more yolk, eo that the advantages of fenced stations are undeniably great ; in fact, shepherding; sheep will be dispensed with wherever it is practicable to do so— the point may be considered as settled in these dis tricts. On the 29th March last Mrs. A. M. A'Beckett laid the foundation-stone of a Unitarian Church on a site in Liverpool-street, Sydney, in the presence of about 150 persons, who, af tor the formalities, were addressed by the Rev. J. Pillars and Dr. Aaron. The style of architecture adopted is Gothic, considerably modified ; and the edifice is to be built of the best freestone An old man named Dickinson, who' resides at Bungendore, left Queanbeyan about noon on Saturday week for his home, on horseback. In the evening of the same day he was found on the roadside, about two hundred yards out of town, lying unconscious. Dr. Moreton was sent for, and on examination it was found that he was under the influence of drink. He had apparently fallen from bis hone, which was grazing near at hand. The only injury resulting from the fall was a slight contusion, on the forehead. Whether he. was stunned by the fall or was dead drunk, is not to be ascertained. But it seems that while Dickinson lay there for some houw unconscious some carnivorous animal had fearfully gnawed and torn both of the unfortunate man's ears. One of tho injured members were nearly torn off, and the other was much larcerated. Dickinson was taken to daughter's jresidenco in town, -where Dr, Morton stitched up his ears, and other wise dressed the wounded members,. — Queanbcyan Age. It is reported that an inquest was held at the Court-house, Forbes, on Sunday last, upon the body of a man named Matthew O'Connor, who had died on the pre vious day near Eugowra. He had beeu taken into custody for protection about a week previously, and ao violent did he become in hiB paroxysms that under direction of the doctor he was securely strapped down to a stretcher, and it wae even found necessary to place a gag in his mouth to prevent him from biting off his tongue. Pre viously to being strapped down he had beaten. his head, in a shocking manner againBt the cemented floor of the cell. From the time of his apprehension to his death he took very little nourishment. Owing to the miserable accommodation at the gaol it became necessary to remove him at all risks to Sydney, and on Saturday morniDg he was taken in a spring-cart in charge of the police. When close to Eugowra the unfor tunate man, breathed his leek From the doctor's evidence, the result of the post-mortem examination proved extensive softening of the brain and the rupture of a blood vessel upon it. There is not the slightest doubt tbat uuder the most favourable circumstances the death of the man was only ihe question of a day or two. The jury, after an inquiry -which lasted about three hours, returned the fol lowing verdict : — ' The deceased, Matthew O'Connor, died of softening of the substance of the brain, induced by recent inflammation'; but that his death was accelerated by bis removal, necesBitated by the want ef pro])er accommo dation at FoileB.'— Forbes Times, A sad accident happened to tlie wife of Martin Hurst. It seems (says the Sill End Times) her dress become entangled in the cog-wheel of one of the threshing machines, which dragged her into tbo wheels, badlf mangling her, and she is now lying in a very dangerous f tate. In trying to rescue her, her husband got the small bone of his arm broken. The driver stopped the horses as soon as possible ; but the machine being in full swing at tho time, he could sot succeed before it was too late. A little incident occurred iu Hobart Town recently, which will serve to tlloEtrato the manner some children have of manifesting filial affection. A. woman, living in Hobart Town (sayB the Mercury) possessed, ia addition to one daughter, a sum of money, for which she had no immediate uee,and therefore plaoedit for investment in the hands of a reverend gentleman located in the country. The money was deposited by him in ono of the banks in town, where it was lying a few Aayeago, when he received a letter from the daughter to the effect that her mother was about buying a cottage, and required a portion of the money (£100), in order to complete the purchase. He drew a cheque, payable to the mother or ' order,' and forwarded it as desired, but a day or two afterwards the cheque was returned with another letter from the daughter, apprising him that for certain reasens the cheque on ' order ' was not what was wanted, and asking for cne payable to ' bearer.' This singular request does not appear to have awakened his suspicions, but with greater credulity than he generally receives credit for, the rev, gentleman sent the cheque as desired. By the last trip of the Southern Cross, the daughter went to Melbourne in company with a youth of her choice, if sot a choice youth, taking with her the prooesds of the cheqne. The disappearance of the girl brought the affair to light, and ou Thursday a cable message was sent to Melbourne requesting the police to detain the couple on their arrival It appears, however, that in order to bring them back the expenses of a constable to and from Mel bourne, and the fares of the runaways, would have to ba paid privately, and the mother not desiring anything mow than a return of the money, the cable was again put into request, in the hope that the couple ?would remain in Melbourne and relinquish their ill-gotten wealth. If they refuse to do this, the daughter will probably be brought back, but it is doubtful if her companion can, unless proof is given that he received some benefit from tha swlen money, which, however, it is said, can. be shown, A couple, whose united ages only reach 27 years— the male 14, and the female 13— waited on one of the ministers of religion at BaUarat, and preferred a request to be married. . The clergyman first expressed his astomsn ment at two 6uch youngsters seeking bo formidable a con nection, and then told them that ?without papa's consent the reoaeBt could not be complied with. This passport to matrimony not having been obtained, the youthful pair were compelled to retire without having had their wish gratified. It is now understood, however, that the mar riage will takeplace.— Cbttrar. An old Maori, named Pipi, living in Wellington Province, has shot himself under rather. peculiar oirotttn etances. He was suffering from a Wad of tow fever, which has carried off many Maones about Otaki and toe neighbourhood, and bearing tiiat his malady was catcmng, he shot himeelf in order to prevent it spreading among nia people. On Thursday afternoon, the 28th ultimo, «a inquest was held at the Terminus Hotel, John street, South Singleton, before the Coroner, Dr. Glennie, on the body of Mary Smith, there and then lying dead, 'when the following evidence was adduoel :— Eliza 21'Gewan deposed : I reside at Forest Yale, near Wark -worth; I was in Singleton on Tuesday last, the 26th March; I left between 5 and 6 o'clock; the deceased, Mary Smith, was in my company on horseback. After we had crossed the bridge a short way on our way home, the deceased said her horse was contrary, and she started off cantering ; she was ahead of me ; shortly afterwards I saw her fall from her horse on to a fence at the side of the road, and she fell on her back; I went np to her and she was quite insensible ; I thought she was dead ; medical assistance was sent for, and some time afterwards she revived a little, and when Dr. Glennie arrived she was taken into Mrs. Terry's, and afterwards to Mrs. M'Gowan's, at South Singleton; I have since heard that she died about € o'olock this morning. By the jury : Deceased fell on the off side of the horse on to the fence. Catherine Terry de posed : I am the wife of Robert Terry, and reside on the west side of the bridge, near Singleton ; on Tuesday even ing last, between 5 and 6 o'clock, I saw the deceased, Mary Smith, in company with Mrs. M'Gowan, pass my place on horseback ; about five minutes after, a man named Charles Taylor, who passed with them, came back for some ?water ; he eaid, ' Mrs. Smith has fallen from her horse;' I went up and found her lying near the fence, insensible ; she was afterwards brought to my house, and then removed to Mrs. M'Gowan's, at South Singleton. The Coroner certified that he was called on the evening of the 26th March to attend the deceased, Mary Smith, and found her in a state of collapse, and, on examining her, found six or seven of the ribs fractured on the l ight side ; that he continued to ' attend the deceased, who gradually sank, and died about six o'clock that morn ing from the injuries received. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased came t» her death from injuries acci dentally received by a fall from a horse. — Mailland Mercury. On Wednesday, 27th March, John M'Guiii ness was brought up, on remand, at the Court house, upon a charge 'of having been concerned in the murder or the Fohlman, Brothers, near Narandera, in the year 1868. The prisoner was apprehended by sergeant Zohlner, of the Tumut police, on the 19th March, upon the supposition that he was ' Old Jack,' alias ' Jim the Stockman,' one of the known companions and supposed accomplices of Campbell, who, as our readers will reoollect, was some time since executed in this town for participation in the murder of the unfortunate Fohlmans. M'Guinness, however, does not in the slightest degree resemble ' Old Jack,' as we announced in a former issue, and so the wit nesses called by the police for his identification at once admitted ; and upon this his immediate discharge from custody was of course ordered by the Bench. It is very desirable that the actual murderers of the Pohlmans should be captured, but we really think that the police, in the excess of their zeal to secure the right men, should ondeavour to act with Eome little caution and some slight regard to physical resemblances before they take upon themselves to deprive innocent, men of their liberty upon such very serious charges as those of murder. One man was brought in custody from a travelling dis tance of more than one thousand miles, from the wilds of the Darling, upon suspicion of having been concerned in these Poblman murders ; another was needlessly dragged Mther from the colony ef Victoria upon a similar pretext ; and now we have this unfortunate M'Guinness brought down from the Tumut to no better purpose, and with just as little show of reason or exercise of common sense on the part of the police. Not one of these men resembled the published description of either of the supposed murderers, and it is really too bad that they should have been dragged about the country upon odious charges of murder, when the poBECEsion of the faintest power ef discrimination by the police should have been sufficient to show that they could not have been the men wanted, and that they should have then been turned adrift without a pretence of com pensation or a helping hand to aesiut them back to the districts from which they had been torn. — Waqga. Express. During the recent tour made by the Church of England Bishop of Goulburn (says the Goulburn Htrald), the following incident occurred : — In the after noon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Lov), administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the TuroEs River. For eome years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the £ishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the ' public baptism of Euch as are of riper years' was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand ; the Bishop pronounced the words, ' I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and ' received him into the congrega tion of Christ's flock,' they pursued a similar course with the eister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water, in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the service for adult baptism — ' and then shall dip him in the water, or,' &c; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected. It is now over twelve months since the Anvil Creek Colliery took fire, and it will be in the recollection ofjour readers that for the purpose of extinguishing the lire, the main shaft was filled up with earth, so as to smother it. On Friday last, Mr. Farthing, being desirous of ascertaining if the fire was out or still burning, opened up the ehatt, and, finding that so smoke issued from it, descended to the bottom. Ho there found that the fire was quite extinguished, but that it must have burnt most furiously, as it had consumed far over 1000 tons coal, and the rocks and stones around where the fire was raging, were calcined and burnt to cinders— a great deal of it having the appearance of lime. The original pit will be at once put into ©rder, and work will be again resumed.— Keivca&tU; Chronicle. On Saturday last, the 3oth ultimo, a grand handicap pigeon-match was shot off on the Randwick Racecourse, and resulted in a tie between Messrs. Cooper, Ferguson, and F. Gannon. The weather was unfavour able, and the occasional squalls and misty rain operated against good shooting, nevertheless the scores were very good. The handicap, the work of Messrs. C. Skarratt and %; Gannon, was excellent, and gave entire satisfaction to all concerned. Mr. W.Gannon acted as umpiie and pro vided the birds, which were unusually good. The shooting commenced at about half-past 2 o'clock, aud lasted till duek. The following are the scores : — Handicap.— Yards. Total. ' Mr. F. CUesoH ? 20 — O1000 — 1 W.Long ? 21 — OUUUOOIO — 5 G.York ? 22 — 1101081001 — 5 Penaergast ? 22 — 001100101U — C G. Thornton ... 22 — 01110101011 — 7 T.S. Smith ? 23 — 1110110111 — 8 J. Gannon ... 23 — 0D11O10U0 — 5 A.Morton '. ... 24 — 0110110001 — 5 CYork ? 24 — 1101110011 — 7 Xocnhead . ... 24 — 1001111000 — 5 E.DeMestre ... 24 — 1111100100 — 6 ?O. Friend .. ... 24 — 0100111000 — 4 J.Ferguson ? 2t — UllllllOO — 8 J. Poulden ? 24 — OlOlllUOl — 7 A. Davis ? 25 — 1U1011011 — 8 £. Lester ? 25 — IIOOIOUH — 7 A. Harper ? 25 — 0011101011 — 6 'W. B. Richardson ... 25 — 01O1O01111 — 6 B. Ferguson ? 25 — 1UUUU01 — 10 D. Cooper ? 26 — 1U011U1U — 10 -Seo.HUl ? 26 — 01UU100L — 7 F. Gannon ? 2G — 10111111111 — 10 T. Campbell ? 26 — 1100161111 — 7 A. CornweU ? 26 — 1O0011O — 3 W. Campbell ... 25 — 1101110 — 5 W.Brownlow ? 25 — 1101101110 — 7 