BIVAL FIRE BKIGADBS AND FIREMEN, AND Otr& PROVISION 1 OB PREVENTION AND EXTINGUISHING FIRE. . : To ihe Editor of tke Evening Jfeua. SIS,— It has been a matter of general regret in this city that our firemen are periodically seized. with a mania for fighting one another rather than combining to suppress our common foe. ..... The late fire at the Prince of Wales Theatre has been the scene of another series of rows and threats, commingled with the foulest language, playing their stream of water at their rivals rather than at the fire, which was gaining on all sides.' .1 would appeal to your powerful agency in assisting to put down such unseemly conduct in those who ought, by example and courage, set to a pattern to those around, and show, that firemen are something more than mere bullies and oowards. . , .' ' . Trnly we are degenerating into the old Yankee volunteer style, when it was usual to knock off at the fire and have a good fight, cutting hose, smashing engines, and various other sports. ? Then there is the disgraceful waste of water oonse quent on opening the fire-plugs in the. streets. When the plug is drawn the ball in all the hydranti fall, and thus more than one-half oi the water otherwise avail able runs into the gutters, nnd one fourth of the* remainder escapes, owing to the primitive mode of j re taining it when it flows in to the dun. . ;Th,a.t i^how we read in the reports that there waa not sufficient vater and in consequence the manual engines had to lease work, or that there was only enough to suppif bne steam-engine. Sometimes they have to work: at1 half speed, or stop to allow the water to jaccjnvnlatej meanwhile, the fire is epreading 3n all sides, anjjthe firemen . working independent, and sometimes antagonistic to each other; certainly, they have no higher guidance than the proverbial rnle of thumb. Now, -ir, I do hilt Sad, fault without *uggeitU-g a remsdv founded on experience of a praotioal nature. In the first place we must have a chief of fire brigades or fire Marshall appointed, and aathorised by the Government to have full power and supreme control over police and fire brigades, to. pull down buildings, and to close traffic in any street daring a fire. I wish here to remark that onr military should be called out on auch occasions io, protect property, .' . keep back the crowd, &o.; At the first Prince of Wales fire the soldiers rendered most efficient aid, being under the o.-dera of their officers and perfectly controlable. I have omitted Buying that gentlemen of tbe profes sion of architeot or civil engineer, are preeminently qualified to aot as fire marshal!, in my hnmble opinion. With reference . to the means of obtaining water to f x fmguish fires, . ours are . worse than useless (I mean the fire-plugs and hydrant-boxes.) being unmanageable, wakeful, and at tbe best very awkward affairs, I: would simply suggest their total removal and the substitution of pillars or columns set in their place being .oonneoted with the main and a moveable top, with a oommon two way stop ? cock placed in its hollow, communicating with a union or branch delivery at the side, so that tbe hose could he oonpled on and conveyed to the fire direct until engines arrive and then into the well of the engine without wasting one drop or causing the other ones to allow it to oEcsiic. These, in ordinary cases of fire, promptly applied, would be amply powerful without the assist ance of the engines. Witness the power of one of our street hydrants so applied when no plug is open. I confidently assert that if such pillars were used many householders would club together and get a length of hose, canvas or leather, with a flexible branch for their common benefit, and these, as another advantage, would enable the engines to concentrate nil their power on the pro jecting side, as they would have no suction to use, as the water would flow into it. Another complaint i- that tbe fire-bell is not rung directly the alarm is given, instead of— as sometimes it has happened — after the engines are away. Also, why are tbe city turncocks sot compelled to reside near the central engine stations) so that the watch men could call them to set on tbe water in case of fire? It is also stated there is not a plan or semblance of a document that Rive the positions of, or correct direc tions how, or where, tbe plugs or locks may be found, acd tha localities each lock supplies; a matter every qualified fireman ouqht to be well conversant with. In conouiu'ion, Sir, I assure you that no one more appreciates ttie spiiit that actuates those who, as volunteer firemen, give their services to the citizens, without any pay or even hope of profit, than I do. Not cotiag the coat of clothes destroyed, time lest, business neglected, and often times pay from their owe pockets to rteet current expenses incurred. It is not that such services arc unappreciated, but a feel ing of apathy has arisen solely, caused by the loose manner the whole service is d?ne in being totally disorganised, and ungovernable by any recognised authority. It is positively stated by gentlemen well qualified to judge, that thb fire biigades were perfectly nseles at the Prince of Wales Theatre, except at the cottages in Brougham-place, and did not exert any influence on at.y other part (beoause the fire bad burned all it could get at, for it is a wU!-knoirn fact that our colonial timber will not burn easily), all arising from a want of lnu'.ml understanding and a tupreme head to direst their efforts. I am, Sir, yours very respectfully, THB GHOST OF THR MAN OH THE BOOF. 