TIÖLIÜGIIAHHIC. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS ] ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL PER THE P. & 0\. CO.'S STEAMER B A 11 0 D A. TSTGWS TO JULY 4. ADELAIDE, July 25. THE branch mail steamer Rangatira arrived at Glenelg at 1 o'clock this afternoon. The R.M.S. Baroda arrived at King George's Sound on Sunday last, making the downward passage from Galle in ninety one hours. PASSENGERS FOR SYDNEY.- Messrs. Lord Russell, Mayor, Bedrout, Phillips, Christian, Ritchie, Grove, Leichton, Comics, Temple, Larden, Waters, and Garden. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, June 14. The Australian April mail, via Brindisi, was delivered punctually. At a meeting of the Aborigines Protection Society the question of kidnapping Polynesians formed a prominent subject of discussion and denunciation. The Tichborne claimant has been encouraged by his reception in Hampshire. It is said that Mr. Lowe, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, objects to the enormous expense of the proposed trial. The Ministers refuse to answer questions in Parliament respecting the claimant, At a meeting of the Colonial Institute, Mr. Daintree gave some facts respecting the coal deposits of Queensland. Mr. Tallerman is preparing a collection of Australian products for the Bethnal Green Museum. Sir Charles Wingfield calls attention to the proceedings of Her Majesty's ship Rosario in Polynesia. A reunion of colonists took place in the Queensland annexe of the Exhibition. Sixty sat down to a dinner, chiefly composed of Australian fare, given by Mr. Daintree. An Exhibition of colonial products, to be given by all the Australian Colonies next year, is projected. The Princess Alice has been confined of a a daughter. The Duke of Edinburgh is making a Royal progress in Ireland, and has received the warmest demonstrations of loyalty. Balls, dinners, horticultural shows, a concert, and a review, were comprised in the festivities of the week. A London Press Eight-oared Race was rowed by the Times, Standard, Daily News, and Telegraph. The Telegraph crew won by one and a-half lengths. The International boat race was rowed on the evening of the 10th. The boat built for the Atalanta reached England in a damaged state. The race was deferred for two hours owing to the roughness of the river, and the course was reversed to suit the tide. The Londoners took the lead, and won easily by twenty lengths. The band of the Grenadier Guards has sailed for Boston to take part in the musical jubilee. The committee of the "Captain" Memorial Fund have decided upon placing a commemoration window in Westminster Abbey. General Ellis reports on the Volunteer register Review in fluttering terms. Lord Kintore has been invested with the collar of St. Patrick vacant by the death of Lord Mayo. Cobbett has been elected for Oldham, in the Conservative interest. Justice Keogh has denounced the Roman Catholic priesthood for conspiracy and tyranny. Indignation meetings have been held, and the Judge has been burnt in effigy, all over Ireland. A cotton mill at Preston has been burnt. Great devastation and loss have been caused by the bursting of a canal near Birmingham. The steamers Baltimore and Tripoli, bound for America, have been wrecked. All the passengers and crews were saved. General Cotton has been gazetted Governor of the Tower. The judgment of the Judicial Committee in the Bennett case is favorable to the Romanising party in the Church of England. The agricultural laborers' movement is progressing. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. LONDON, June 20. The Alabama arbitrators have arrived at Geneva. Lord Tenterden demanded adjournment until the indirect claims were settled. The American representatives replied that they had received no instructions. The Washington Cabinet decided to acquiesce in the adjournment rather than take the responsibility of the failure of the Treaty of Washington by a refusal. Earl Granville, in the House of Lords, and Mr. Gladstone, in the House of Commons, announced that the arbitrators had decided that the indirect claims were incompatible with international law, and had been therefore excluded from further consideration. After three brief sittings the Arbitration Court adjourned. Their proceedings are kept absolutely secret. Telegraphic correspondence is still maintained between the two Governments. The American Ministers have returned reply that they admit the right of the arbitrators to adjourn on the application of the British Government. Confidence is pretty general that the Treaty may be saved. The amendments made in the Ballot Bill in the House of Lords have destroyed the secrecy of voting. . An Anti-Jewish Bill has been passed by the German Parliament, Negotiations for the liberation of French territory are progressing favorably. I In a letter to Cardinal Antonelli the Pope protests against the new measure for the suppression of religious bodies in Italy, and declares that the co-existence of two Governments in Rome is impossible. The London builders have declined arbitration, and the lock-out commences to- day. The Belfast lock-out has terminated. The Norfolk Agricultural Show was opened by the Prince of Wales. The weather has changed in the midland counties from tropical heat to terrific tempests, and in the northern districts to destructive floods. Professor Airy has been knighted. LONDON, June 27. The Ballot Bill has passed the House of Lords. The Scotch Education Bill has passed through committee in the House of Commons. At a Conservative banquet at the Crystal Palace, Mr. Disraeli made a speech in which he severely criticised the policy of the Liberals. The Prince of Wales held a levee on the 22nd instant, and opened the Bethnal Green Museum on the 24th. The Queen is at Windsor. The Rev. Norman M'Leod is dead. Diblanc, the Park-lane murderess, has been reprieved. LONDON, July 1. The Australian Telegraph Company have announced the issue of preferent stock to lay a cable to Normanton. The Construction Company guarantees six per cent, interest. An iron steamer for the Bulli Coal Company has been successfully launched on the Thames. Earl Kimberley, in reply to enquiries by Earl Belmore, stated that six ships were on the Australian station, four of which were to be entirely employed in the suppression of kidnapping. He also explained what measures were contemplated to give effect to the Polynesian Bill. The motion for a protectorate over, or the annexation of, Fiji, was lost by fifty- one votes. The Government acquiesces in the union of Fiji with the Australian colonies, but declines to annex it to the Empire. The Imperial authorities prefer annexation to a protectorate. At the annual meeting of the Colonial Institute the report was eminently satisfactory. The Government have promised a search- ing enquiry into the causes of the failure of the European and Albert Insurance Companies. The question of Fiji annexation and Imperial unity is being warmly discussed. Baron Lesseps has contradicted the statement that the Sublime Porte has opposed the new tariff for the Suez Canal. Viscount Enfield said the Government suggested a temporary postponement of the increased tolls. The Spanish Cortes is dissolved. The lock-out of builders is increasing. Thirteen thousand men refuse work. LATEST SPECIAL. LONDON, July 4. The directors of the Australian Telegraph Company have been authorised to raise the capital for the Normanton line. The nature of the injury to the Java I cable is unknown ; the repairing of it is to ] he at the expense of the Construction Company. The Abbey Holme put into Portsmouth, damaged by a collision. The Dhollerah, from Adelaide, was a burnt in the Pacific. All saved. The monetary and commercial news by ! this mail is more than a week older than the news received by overland telegraph a a fortnight ago. The Polmaise and Winifred have sailed | for Queensland. GYMPIE. July 25. The first steam pumping and winding machinery at the prospector' claim, New Zealand reef, was successfully started this afternoon, with the usual ceremonies. 1 SYDNEY. July 25. The Legislative Council has rejected the Rev. der Customs Bill by a majority of one. The Government intend to take the Assembly's sanction for entering into a treaty. Another murder by garotters is reported ] to-day. The Newcastle miners have resolved to continue the strike, unless their demands are complied with. The markets are dull and unchanged. The Wallsend Coal Company has declared no dividend. MELBOURNE July 25 Later New Zealand papers report fresh cases of small pox The Tasmanian Ministry has resigned, and Mr. Meredith is forming a new cabinet. "WE are again compelled to hold over a number of correspondents'' letters, and other matters of local interest IN the Legislative Council of New South "WoleBonWednosday last, Mr S A Gordon, presented a petition from Mr F A Forbes, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the colony of Queensland, against the Underwood's Estate Bill He claimed, as heir at law of the late Mr F E Forbes, to be entitled to one third of the property named in the Underwood's Estate Bill, and prayed, if the bill were referred to a Select Committee, that he might be afforded an opportunity of being board, and that as the Legislative Assembly of Queensland was now sitting, the matter might be postponed, so as to enable him to attend when the Queensland session closed The bill was received, and ordered to be referred to the Select Committee then sitting on the subject At a subsequent period of the sitting, Mr Dalley brought up the report of the Select Committee upon the Underwood's Estate Bill, and moved that thoroport be now adopted He remarked that the committee had had before it a deed which proved that the land in question, which had been vested in three persons, had been assigned to Mr. Underwood by the other two, one of whom was the father of the poll though After some discussion, the report was referred back to the committee, in order to afford Mr. Forbes an opportunity of stating his claim THE low boiler for the steamer Kate, which has just been completed by Messrs Smellie and Co. , is the largest work of the description yet executed in the colony Its dimensions are 13 foot broad, 9 feet 6 inches in length, and 12 feet high. It is fitted with 160 four inch tubes, 6 feet long, the back tube plates being seven eighths of an inch thick, and the front the plates three quarters of an inch. The whole inside of the better is composed of the best Lowmoor and Bowling iron, and the outside of the best Stafford shire iron In round numbers the cost of the better will be £1500, which would have been considerably more at the present prices for iron The boiler, which weighs 15 tons, was lifted on to a truck by means of screw jacks, the truck itself weighing five tons. On Wednesday two teams consisting of twenty head of bullocks succeeded in drawing this ponderous piece of workmanship as far as the junction of Alice and Edward streets, but were unable to proceed further with it. Yesterday, an additional eight or ten bullocks were yoked on, and succeeded, after some breakage of chains and gear, in dragging the truck up Edward and Queen streets, and down Eagle-street as far as Mr. Gibbins' Store. The Kate is now lying alongside the Q.S.N. Co.'s old wharf, where the boiler will be received on board. Messrs. Smellie and Co. expect to have it fitted and steam upon board the Kato by to-morrow week. "WE learn from a gentleman who came down from Ipswich yesterday afternoon that the Agricultural Show was a very successful affair, the exhibits of useful articles being especially noticeable. There was only a small number of exhibits of cotton, but the quality was excellent. The attendance was very large, and the banquet in the afternoon at the School of Arts was admirably arranged, and was successful in every respect. THE distribution of prizes at the Ipswich Grammar School took place yesterday, His Excellency the Governor presiding. In his address to the pupils and their friends, His Excellency said he thought (bore was a considerable waste of touching po error in our Grammar Schools under present arrangements, and that it would be very much better for them to be connected with our National School system. This is precisely the opinion we have maintained for some time, and it is gratifying to see it endorsed by so good an authority. Our Grammar Schools should be devoted solely to secondary education, and until they are so the high qualifications of the masters in these schools for imparting a good sound secondary education are to a certain extent wasted. NEU BLANEr was brought up at the Central Police Court, yesterday, charged with using threatening language to Thomas Campbell, at the Red Jacket Swamp, Milton, on Tuesday evening, Constable Crawford, who was called, said that the defendant sometimes got drunk, but, he believed, was inoffensive As the case was not of a serious character, defendant was ordered to enter into his own recognisance in the sum of £10 to be of good behaviour for three months. Mr. J. Petrie, J.P., was on the Bench. THE latest discovery announced is that of a. soap mine in the neighborhood of Goulburn. The lucky finders of the Baponacooua lode have since been informed, much to their surprise and disgust, by the braidwood despatch, that the material is only a variety of gypsum, having a dull yellow appearance resembling some kinds of soap. We have never seen any stone of the kind ¡ but steatite, or soapstone, and other minerals which are smooth and slippery when wet, owing to the presence of sale, are common enough in Australia. THIs JO. D, Gazette gives Mr. Coxon credit for his evident impartiality in fulfilling the duty of deciding upon the most fit and proper selections to be made out of the leased halves of the runs on (the Darling Downs j but objects to his report, which, it states, from first to last seems to be founded on what we conceive to be an entirely erroneous idea that the main thing to be sought after by intending settlers on the Darling Downs is agricultural land. We believe that even small pastoral settlers if they can but got suitable land-will find a profitable opening afforded them, but, as to whether that opportunity will be granted them by the present Government, we leave our readers to draw their | own conclusions." THE second of the series of lectures in connection with the School of Arts, was delivered last evening, by Mr. W. Pettigrew, on "The Steam Engine," The attendance was considerably larger than on the first evening, the reading-room being well filled. Mr. J. Douglas president of the institution, took the chair. The illustrations consisted of a variety of diagrams, drawn on a blackboard, with a model, Ac, and the lecturer, after giving a descriptive lecture,, filled with many interesting facts, traced the history of the steam engine from the earliest period, but more particularly from 1513, when steam was first applied to useful purposes namely the propelling of a vessel at tho rate of three miles an hour. This lecture, from its excess of minute details, may be said to have been more scientific than popular, but to incipient engineers, and the like, it must have proved exceedingly interesting and valuable The preparation of this nature must have cost a great amount of patient labor, and the vote of thanks passed to the lecturer at the close was well merited To many, at the Victoria Hall, Mr and Mrs. George Darrell's farewell benefit takes place, when Shakespeare's tragedy of ' Othello" will be presented The gentleman amateurs who assist have had numerous rehearsals to ensure proficiency, and every preparation has been made for the success of the performance. Judging from the numetouBaudioncos they drew during their past season, the beneficiaries will have a large attendance to bid them farewell THE " Polypraphio Minstrels" entertainment is a really excellent one The Minstrels are rather weak in the sentimental line, but Miss Roland and Mr Brown are very fair bouffe singers, and every other part of the performance is first class The dancing of Messrs Collins and Carroll is marvellously clover- Buportor to anything we have seen here before The neat and finished style, and the perfect time, kept by them is something extraordinary not only in the pedestal dance, but in their character dances also Messrs Bent and O'Brien, as delineators of broad negro humor, are irresistibly comic, and keep the audience in roars of laughter nearly all the time Tim most saturnine spectator cannot keep his countenance when the ghost appears to Bent or when he and Carroll both go after the same situation, and mistake a traveller in search of lodgings for the master of the house. They keep a post on the staff of the South Australian Register, who provides that journal with a weekly supply of verse, which is sometimes humorous, and sometimes very Bad The opportunity afforded by the opening of communication with Europe by telegraph and Todd's horse express, was taken advantage of by the Register poet, who burst forth into a lay much after Macaulay It begins in this way . Thine Ulolaiito is the triumph ! Adelaide time I aim is Illino The high reno vn in history Of the Telegraphic 1 hue And thine are the dauntless heroes Who with their length) train Moved slowly 19 through the unknown land In sunshine and in min Beneath the same proud Melbourne Shall well. he Imuthtj brow Old Sydney s lofty cornstalks Before thy shame shall how And the jealous sons of Queensland, In sp to of scornful sneers Sir til yield thee due submission Through till the content, jo 1rs And so on for about a hundred lines more It may be sufficient to satisfy the poetic taste of the reader if we confine a further quotation to the last verse - W here the light canoe is skimming vi Uli its load of fresh caught cod Shall be great praise for in an dress, to the famous name of Todd IT has been a long standing rule that all the princes of the Royal family of Prussia shall learn some useful trade The Crown Prince of the German Empire was a compositor, and a Leipsic paper lately published a song which was sung by the men of the office to which he belonged on the occasion of his marriage with the Princess Royal of England. His eldest son has just been apprenticed to a bookbinder in Berlin THE Queensland Times states that a most instructive lecture was delivered in the Temperance Hall, Ipswich, on Wednesday, by Mr Angus Mackay, of Brisbane, on the subject of life in a slave country Mr J Macfarlane occupied the chair. Mr. Mackay gave a very interesting description of social, political, and religious life in the slave states of America, dwelling particularly on the condition of the slaves and the " poor whites, with the peculiar characteristics of each class The lecturer, as well as minutely pourtraying every posSible feature in the life of these, went into the political movements in the United States, the elections, the military organisations, the outbreak of the civil war, with a recital of many of the prominent scenes in connection with it, and the chaos which it left behind the concluding part of the lecture deprecated legislation for any particular class, and it was denied that the Polynesians required special laws for their pro- diction At the close of a vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, who was listened to with great attention during its delivery Mr Mackay acknowledged the compliment ' A SAD accident, by which a child aged thirteen months lost its life is reported by the Queensland Times It seems that Mrs. Chalk, jun at present residing with her father in law, Mr Thomas Chalk, at the Five Mile Water, Warwick-road had occasion, on Friday morning last, to leave her twins in the cradle near the fire, which was outside the house) there being no chimney inside In her absence, which lasted but a minute or two, tins cradle got upset by both the little ones rolling to the same side, and they fell in the fire. One of them escaped with singed hair, but the other received injuries about the back of the head which were not considered serious until the following morning, when the little sufferer was brought into town for medical advice It was of no avail, however, and the infant died on Sunday morning 