A PIGEON OP HURLINGHAM. (From an English Paper.) (We take it the pigeon is in the basket, awaiting its tarn to be shot at by any kind-hearted, sensible men.) Well, here I am, and precious hot I find it, I wish I were a fantail nor to mind ir ; Ten to the foot's too warm for any sinner, I'd quite as soon be in a pie for dinner; In fact, it world be cooler to be baked. For they've tbe decency to cuok us naked My toes are cramped and trodden to a jellv. 80, this is tf urlmghaii ! Accursed place J The fell destrover of our hirnless race, Centre of fashion, haunt of lords and ladies, A whiti'd sepuichre, a dazxliiii; Hades. From Monday here we're massacred till Saturday, But murdered worse lhan ever on the latter day; For then conspire the '? Upper Ten' to vex us, ?? Omnis alatis ulrosque sexiis,' With jealous hearts, intent to shed tbe blood Which, like their own, dates backwards to the Flood. As for a pretext they can find a reason For killing us each clay throughout the season. Some people talk as if the sport were quite meant To give the birds some innocent amusement, And say a little shooting' to as rosks is. Just the delight that hunting is to foxes. (Poor beasts ! How can they possibly avoid it ? They'd ' be surprised to bear' how they enjoyed it.} One says that killing pigeons is as good As murdering barn-door pheasants in a wood. Grained. But please to prove that shooting's pleasant When looked at from the aspect of the- pheasant. They ail insist that death a tends the shot, (Some think precedes a trifl ; aud some not) ; And then they cry, in ecstasies of virtue, 'Poor thJDgs! we kill you, but we never hnrt you.' Who was it made the theory so astutely That pigeons cannot feel at ah acutely.? Well, of a want of feeling wheu we spoke, we Might well return him a direct tu quoque. ' You blocks, you stones, .you worse tban senseless things,' Was said of men's hard hearts, not rocks with wings. One comes to bet aud thinks the shooting rubbish, Another shoots, but votesithe betting snobbish. Tuis little episode a moral teaches ; Which of the two is right ? 1 fancy each is. If we are only slaughter for the iarder, I wish they'd miss us clean or hit ua harder. This amateur despatching ten times worse is Even than the wicked poulterer's tender mercies; And why should man b-t justified in maiming us, Because he had the privilege of naming us ? ' You ladies ! You whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mo^se,' what make you here ? Are those the eyes to gaze on slaughterei dores, The chosen birds of Venus and the Loves ? ' Alas ! what hypocrites of half-a-score, to Watch the death agonies oculo irretorto. But when some wretch surmounts the atal paling, Sick unto death aud pinions failing, To clap your hands, of pure compassion quite full, And crv 'He's safe, .poor dariimd How delight ful!'' So young, so fair, and can ye lack compassion ? It cannot be ; ye are bur slaves to Fashion, B )wing yourselves, as did the Jewish nation, Before -the monster of youv own creation. Sliake off your chains, or take a bird's advice — Serve if ye list, but do not sacrifice. ? You, upou whom all fashionable men dance, From noon to eve, assiduous attendance, Hence ! fair oues, hence ! nor, like Herodias' daughter, Bring by your charms the'guiltless to the slaughter* ***** My turn at last! I wish ne'd leave off squeezing; I think I've scratched him ! Serve him right for teasing ! Alas !. the middle trap he lays his hand on, *' Ye (birds) who enter here all hope abandon.' And now he's pulled my tail out by the roots, I feel as helpless as a Puss-iu- hoats. (Ah 3 our poor ta'ls, they won't bslitve we need 'am, Or else they're fitting us for endless freedom.) They say it's to prevent my being hit. (It's very good of them -o mention it.) They tell me I'm a clipper ! and shall wobble, ' And yet I am not happy' for their trouble j And if thev want me to get safe from harms off, Why douft they pull the sportsman's legs and arm* off? Fast in the middle trap. To test the cunning Of the great gun«, it's fallen nine times running ; And now, to b.:ffli their uuerring aim, The next that falls is sore to be tlie same. A chilly feax of death is stealing o'er me, And alPtcy psck idiiloes flash before me It's very sad to die— to die— tJ sleep — To sleep, perchance t3 dream ; I'll take a peep — Oli ! that fair grove, and you delicious pine, Towering bevoud the fatal boundary line. And there he' stands, the fatal swell of Hurlingham; His little black moustaches, how he's twirling 'em I Here comes his gun ! If he forgets to cock it, I'm off to Alabama like a rockets I wish he'd use a hundred pound torpedo, And make the people mount in air, as we do. There go the rocks! 'Click, Click !:1 A moment more , r 1 And I am free,' that never was before ! Yes 'Free among the dead,' though some, 1 hea'd, ,,.?,,. Were betting ' ten to five upon the bird.' But their j irgon from the land of death Back to its mansion call the fleeting breath ? Or will my ghost be glad, when I am gone, That I was ' freely backed at two to one ?' Well, come what will,: 'this Rock,'».at least, sbafl ?^ make For life one flutter (' Lady of the Lake'). Suppose I fly slap at him, aud suppose I make him think I mean ' to have his nose.' Perhaps he'd miss me, but perhaps he wouldn't ; And tiien, how very awkward if he shouldn't t He'd be quite sure to hit me if I crawlec ; I think I'll try what Juvenal has called ' ExcshoB tur'ris tahulataP Bless it 1 I fear the story goes on, ' auda allioraset Casus,'.&a.;, ending with a ruince. It's quite enough to make one '? shed the briny,*1 Would that like Milton's demons I could climb, ' Part on the earth and part in air sublime !' He'd not know which to fire at, and the puzzle Might make him put his shoulder to the muzzle. By Jove, I have it ! Plan UDtried by ' Rocks,' Pll light (like Bryant's mitches) on the.box ! The line, ?* In- media lutissimus ibis,' Perhaps as truthful of the Pigeon tribe is. He might not like to shoot me till I stir ; « ' And thus far will I trust thee, geutie sir,' I'll sit on top, and try how long I can sit, Time's precious ! ' Readj ?. Pull.!' Here goes j ***** 'Tis done — tis done ! Down swept the leaden trail ;; And must have killed me had I had a tail ; Behind the^trap there was ' such scanty room, It missed mv (absent) helm but razed a plume.' Even as it was, so closely came eaeh pellet That as it passed I could distinctly smell it. Thanks, courteous trap, for Teseue in the nick ; But what a silly man to fire so quick. So far so good, but doubtless he has reckoned. On *' dropping me superbly *vith his second' (This spotting euphemism consoles the worst shots For missing quite absurdly with their first shots). But I won't budge an inch, and, it he tries, He'll find it hard to drop me till 1 rise. He hesitates, uncertain which to Jet off, The gun or me ; pet haps I still may get off. But nu! The gentle audience .sees his doubt, And playfully resolves to help him out ; And fifty throats exclaim, with laughter splitting, ' Wive in, niv bin , aud sUo. t the beggar sitting! Will he ''.forego his vaiiiage' and re.ire? Ah, no ? he quietly proceeds to '' wire.' The gun is raisad ! A flash! And so I die — No, mifsed me clean, wiLh cone to wipe his eyel Swift to the clouds I wing my way with joy, While peals of scornful laughter greet *? my boy,V Quite s - ! V-b victis! They wi'i spare a brute, If they can find a human substiture; For '-is agreed by Oh:istiau. Jow, and nigger, ' Of two given Tu: ims always cuoj=e the bigger.' ? li. L. i KAfcCis^ 