TALKS. TO THE BITTER END. # by thjs author os " lady audlev's secret," &0. Chatter XXI. (Continued) — " And one with ME I could not dream you." They dined in state in James tho Firsts dining-room, with three men in attendsnoe. Old Tristram Mole had been pensioned off, and now occupied the principal lodge. The new men had been engaged by Mr. Wort, and were accomplished in their re spective walks. "I should like you to arrange that Bquare parlor on tho right of tho hall for a seoondary dining-room, Jerdan, when Miss Clevedon and I are alone," Sir Francis said to the butler at the . close of the ban- quet. " I'm so glad you told him that, Frank," Sibyl said, when the men had' gone. I feel as if I had been dining in a church, or in one of those great hotel dining- rooms abroad, with the table-d'hote.all to ourselves." They grew quite at home In the old house, however, in a very few days, and Sibyl went singing up and down the long corridors in her clear Boprano, like a joyons bird, only thinking now and then that there might be ghosts, and that she might oome suddenly upon one in a dusky oorner. "I don't think I should much mind a genuine old established ghost," she told her brother ; "a lady in a sacque, or a Charies- the-Sccond oavalier, or some one of that kind. Collis was qnite afraid the first night wo slept here, and insisted npon Bleeping with one of the housemaids, instead of in | the nice little room they had arranged for her ; but I told her nest morning that a young woman who did not liko ghosts should never take a situation in a good old family like ours. ' Of conrse we have a family ghost,' I said ; we have as much right to that as to the genealogical tree in the hall. Depend upon it, Collis, those great bucket boots that haog in the lobby oome down at twelve o'clook every night, and tramp, tramp, trampalougall the passages. You'll meet them fsce to faco somo night, if you sit up read ing novels as you so often do ; and I wouldn't answer for that man in armor, or that suit of armor without any man, at the foot of the staircase. He looks as if ho walked.' ' I suppose you're only joking, miss,' Collis answered, as grave as a judge ; ' but all I know is, that tho rooms and passages up stairs — on our floor — smell of ghosts.' ' Mice, you mean, Collis.' ' Lor, no, miss ; as if 1 didn't know the diflerence between the smell of a mouse and a ghost 1' " . Of course all the country poople who hap pened to be at home at this time came to call on Sir Franois and Miss Clevedon, and were duly charmed with the baronet and his sister. There seemed to be no lack of agreeable neighbors, without counting the objectionable villas about Tunbridge, which went daily to business in the city. Co lonel Covenant, perhaps not esteeming himself on a level with connty persons, or perhaps too mu'oh wrapped up in mon keys for the performance of social duties, did not oome. So one bright afternoon in August, Sir Franois rode over to the Wells to deliver his letter of introduction. The letter had been written by one his most in timate friends, who had given him a glowing aocount of the old Indian officer. Colonel Davenant's place was known as the Bungalow. It had begun its existence as a villa, with some pretensions to the gothic ; but having fallen into the hands of tho Colonel, whose inventive mind was apt to exercise itself on everything within its range, had been barbarised and orientalised out of all architectural oharaoter by divers enlarge ments and improvements, all evolved from the inner oonsoionsness of that gontleman, in utter defianoo of all rules and conventions of the building art. A huge verandah jutting oat from a very small drawing-room ; a domed conservatory — after the model of a mosque at Delhi — over topping the dining-room ; a Pompeian oourt and fountain behind the kitchen, where the Colonel could sit on a oarpet smoking his hookah, and discussing the arrangement of his tiffin, or his dinner, with that faithful slave his cook; the Sister -Anne turret — a otmpanello tower, whence the Colonel eould survey valley, oommon, hill, and woodland : these were among the trifling eocentri- cities of the Bungalow. The effeot was curious bat not unpleasant. The house was rioh and gay with Indian spoil — monster jars andourioue carved furniture in Bombay blackwood, gorgeous silken stuffs and ivory temples; and in all the rooms there were birds and flowers, and living animals reclining on the skins of dead animals ; a yapping of small dogs and twit tering of songleas Australian birds, and a squalling of parrots. The afternoon was exceptionally warm, and the Colonel was enjoying a siesta by the aide of his fountain. Thither a neat parlor- mud ushered the stranger, through the garden, and by a somewhat olrouttocs path meandering through a shrubbery ef laurel and bay and monkey trees and castor-oil plants, which the Colonel called his jungle. Sir Franois did not emerge from the jangle without a small adventure. In one of the windings of the narrow path he met a young lady who reminded him of Robinson Crusoe. A young lady who oarrieda green cilk um brella of foreign manufacture, and upon whoso shoulder there perched a small Java monkey, and about whece footsteps there crowded some half dozen dogs and doglings — from a lank half-grown Sootch deerhound ! to a coffee-colored black-muzzled dog, Franois Clevedon only oanght ene tran sient gHmpse of the face under the green umbrella — a bright girlish face, with Irish gray eyes, and a eweet smiling month. He had just time to see this, and that Miss Crusoe was tall and slim, and carried herself with the air of a princess. She acknow ledged Sir Francis's bow with a gracious -movement of her pretty head, and passed (lightly on, while the monkey looked back to hiss and apit at the stranger in an alarmingly vixenish way. "Miss Davenant, I suppose ?" Francis in quired of tho servant. "Yea, air, that's our young lady, (hope you'll excuse the monkey, air ; he doesn't mean any harm, but he's jealous of ' stran gers." They oame to a little green arcade, and through'this into the Pompeian court, where the Colonel sat on his mnannd,' with his baok against the marble rim of the basin, snoring audibly. He woke up w(th a start as the maid announoed Sir Franois Clevedon, swore a prayer or two, or perhaps something the reverse of a prayer, and then rose to re. eeive his guest in a hearty soldierlike fashion. " Take the arm-ohalr, Sir Franois, and if you like a hookah, there's one ready to your hand on that , table. Heartily glad to see any friend of Sinclair's— congratulate yon on possession of Clevedon. Fine old place, noble old plaoe, plenty of good Bhootln', and one of tho best troot streams In the oonnty. Sinolair wrote me word of your return, and I meant to have come over Tbe exclusive right oi republication ol this tale In the Australian Colonies has bean purchased by tbe Proprietors ol To Ann, to call before this, but this woaihor tries an old man, sir. 1 feel the heat more here than ever I did in Bengal. I'll turn on the fountain, by-the-by ; 1 daresay yon like tho sound of a fountain ;" and thereupon the Colonel applied himself to some complicated arrangement of screws and cranks whioh seemed to involve a good deal of hard labor, and threatened to put the gallant officer into a profuse perspiration. "Pray don't trouble yourself on my ac count," remonstrate! Sir Francis. " 1 find your room most delightfully oool, even with- ont tho fountain." "Do you!" oried the Colonel, gratified, and smiling in tho midst of his struggles with a very stiff screw. " Built it myself after my own design ; laid every brick with my own hand, one bricklayer's labor;, and an odd boy to hold the ladder, There's a settlement in that corner, but it won't go any fariaep. Rat we'll have the fountiin, 1 like to take it out of tho water- company, because they won't let me pay by meter. jMade .the fountain myself from a plan whioh a fool of a plumber told mo was opposed to every principle of engineering ; but it works, you see, in apite of the beg gar," concluded the Colonel triumphantly, as the water shot np with an explosive aonnd liko a small Niagara, then flew off at a tangent, liberally besprinkling Sir Francis, and at last composed itself into a quirk, quirk, guggle, guggle, guggle, quirk, of the meekest description. The two gentlemen began their acquaint ance by talking of that excellent fellow their common friend. Major Sinclair, by whose side the Colonel had fought in the Punjab, and whom Sir Francis had met at Brussels,, settled for life in one of tho white houses on tho boulevard, with a wife and half a dozen children, all talking broad Sootch, and ar rayed to the teeth in tartan and Shetland wool, After this absent friend, hie excel lence of heart, and hia various idiosyncrasies had been dnly discussed, the Colonel enter, tained Sir Francis with an anecdote or two from his personal experienoe, not occupying much more than half an hoar, which in the Colonel was brevity, and after the aneadotes Sir Franois's host volunteered to show him the Bungalow. " It was a square box of a place when I bought it," he said, "a man might as well live in a packing-case ; but I flatter myself I've imparted a good deal of character to it. I like a house to redect the individuality of tho owner. To my mind, a man could hardly enter my hall-door without saying to himself, Anglo-Indian ! old soldier !" Sir Francis wondered where the hall-door might be, and whether tbe house was only accessible by the meandering paths of the jangle and the Pompeian court adjoining the kitchen. "By the way, you'll dine with na to-day, of course ? " Sir Franois hesitated ; Sibyl would wait dinner for him. " No, thanks. I should be delighted, but my sister is living with me, and she'll ex- peot me home to dinner." "Never mind that. She'll wait half-an- hour, and then give you up. Or I could send a boy on a pony, if yon like. Women never oare much about dinner. Tbe wide distance between the mental capacities of the two sexes is firmly established by that one fact : a woman's intellect is incapable of a broad and philosophical comprehension of the dinner question. She is the Blave of conventionality, and has no more culinary invention than an Abyssinian. Halloo, Jap- son, what are you going to give us for dinner today " At this appeal, a stout rosy-faoed matron lookod out of a window bordered with a vine whioh the Colonel had coaxed to grow in his peristyle, a matron whose rnddy visage was obaoured by a floury dust, as the rising moon by some fleeoy cloud. " Lor, sir, you give the horder yourself, this morning." " True, Japson, but memory iB sometimes treacherous. This gentleman ia going to dine with me — " " But really — " protested Sir Franois. " My dear sir, it is a settled thing. The boy goes on the pony with an apologetic mes- sagete MisB Clevedon. Now, Japaon, be cate gorical. Imprimis, red mnllet stewed in Madeira." "Yea, Blr." " Soap I abjure in summer, Sir Franois, as a sloppy conventionality whioh diatraots a cook's attention from her fish. Potage a la reine, thiekened with pounded almonds, is not a bad thing, and good green-pea soup is palatable. I let Japson make those when she is in a good temper, and can answer for the smoothness of the puree. After tbe mullet a prawn'ourry — eh Japson? " Yes, sir," answered the oook, grinnit. " Don't forget the grated cocoa-nnt. After the ourry ! " . "A stewed fowl." \- "In half mourning ; that is to say, in a white sauce with truffles. Be liberal wfith your truffles,' Japson; kill the fatted calf for my friend, Sir FranoiB Clevedon. Any grouse ?" "Yes, air; the brace you sent in -thiB morning. " "To be cure, prime young birds. I always -stroll to the Wells before breakfast, and iselsot my own oomestiblea, -Sir Francis. Those scoundrels the tradesmen know me, -and would hang themselves sooner than-send ime an inferior article. Be careful of . your bread-crumbs, Japson, and you. may give an apricot -omelette, and a parmesan sonffld. Now, Sir 'Franois?" "If I really am to have the honor of dining with you to-day, Colonel, I -may as well send my -groom baok with the horses and a message for my slater," said Franois, with a very vivid recollection of tile fare under the (green umbrella, and a somewhat frivolous -desire to improve his acquaintance with Miss Crusoe. "By all means. I'll show you my gar den, and we'll go ronnd to the -stable and hunt np your man." The garden was as -eccentric as the house, and arranged for the pleasure and accommo dation of the animal creation rather than for the diversion of their masters. There was a grotto, or cave of rock-work overarching a pool, in which a tame otter flopped abont t» the infinite delight of the Colonef, who loitered a minute or so to feed the beast with fragments of biaonit from the pocket of hia cashmere morning coat. There were oages of birds, artfully placed among the ornamental timber, with a view to cheating those feathered creatures into the belief that they were the denizens of a primeval forest ; there were miniature olasslo tem- ples, and mediaeval fortresses, one with a bristling row of wine-bottles, neck outwards, to represent oannen, Inhabited by various dogs, whioh sprang oat to careBS the Colonel as he passed. There win portable Chinese pagoda, hong with bells, for the ooenpation of -the Java mon. key. Thestables were at the aide of the house, and here the Colonel's eeoentrioity had exhi bited Itself in the conversion of a hay-loft Into a billiard room, accessible only by an external staircase In the Alpine chalet style He kept a couple of saddle-horscBforhlm. self and his danghter, a pony and a basket chaise (whioh he oalled his palki) ; and his stable-yard was for the most part occu ! pied by a pheasantry. Here they fonnd the groom looking at the pheasants. His master despatched him with a message for Miss Clevedon, and thia being dope, was free to accompany tbe Colonel over the Bunga low, and to listen to that officer's some what prolix histories of various curios and other trophies which adorned the rooms. Sir Francis was beginning to think they would nevor arrive at the apartment inha bited by Miss Crusoe, when Colonel Dave, nant opened an unexpected door in abont aB inconvenient a corner as a door conld be placed in, and introdaccd his guest into the drawingroom, a small low room with a wide window running along one aide of it, and opening into a substantially-built verandah, larger and loftier than the apartment itself, and paved with varionaly-colored tiles. Tbe room proper held only a piano, a few easy- chairs, and a coffee-table or two ; bnt tbe verandah or annex was large enough to ac commodate plenty of chairs and ottomans, on one of whioh a young lady was seated, dressed in white muslin, reading a novel, witb a couple of dogs at her feet. This was Miss Crusoe, who put down her book and rose to greet her father with a charming smile — a smile which she extended in a modified degree to Sir Francis Clevedon upon his being presented to her. Seeing her for the first time nnshadowed by the umbrella, Sir Francis decided that MIbs Davenant. was even prettier than he had supposed. The bright piquant face, with ita grey eyes and dark lashes ; the rippling brown bair, brushed loosely back from a broad white forehead, and breaking into mutinous curls here and there; the slim swan-like throat, and the lofty carriage of the head, seemed to him perfectly beautiful. He made a kind of breakneck plonge into some rather oommonplaoe observations about tho Bungalow, the Bungalow gardens, and the Bungalow zoological eolleotion ; but felt himself less at his ease than usual ; and was relieved presently to find himself seated npon an ottoman, making friends with the youthful deerhound, who was of a gregarious temper, and getting on very tolerably with Miss Davenant. Georgie her father oalled her. What a pretty name, and one that Butted her admir ably i thought Sir Francis. She had a somewhat boyish frankness of manner, not harsh, or coarse, or masculine, but certainly boyish : the graoions ease ol a well-bred Etonian. She had never been at a boarding-Bohool, or even under the milder sway of a governess at home ; she had grown np like one of the flowering plants that took their own way in the Colonel's jnngle ; masters had come to the Bungalow on certain days to teaoh her their several arts, and for the rest, her father had educated her — or not educated her — as' the case might be. Sir Franois stayed to dinner, and stayed till eleven q'olook that night, by which honr. he and Miss Davenant seemed to have known each other qnite a long time. The Colonel told a few longish stories of Indian warfare, gave a slight sketoh of Lientenant-General Dave, nant's (his father's) career in the Peninsula, which lasted an honr or two, and otherwise beguiled the evening with agreeable oou- verse. Sir Franois wsb of course attentive to those narrations, but he contrived between whiles to find out a good deal about Georgie's tastes and habits ; when she rode, where she rode, whether she competed for prizes at the local flower ahowB, or visited the poor, or devoted herself exolnaively to the brnte creation. He fonnd that she did a little ef every thing, except exhibiting any specimens of her horticultural skill at the flower ahowa. "I give the prizes sometimes at the cottage fiower-Bhowa," she said, "bnttbings don't grow in our greenhouses quite as well as they might. Sometimes Tufto scratches them up — you know very well yon do, you wicked Tufto !" — shaking her head, at the deerhonnd — "or Pedro — tho monkey, -you know — knooks over the pots with hia tail. Grant, onr gardener, ia quite nnhappy about it ; bnt the fact is, flowers and animals do not get on very wail together." " My sister has a passion for flowera ; goes in tremendously for ferns, and that kind of thing ; and has staffed her poor little head as full of their names as if she was a peram bulating botanical dictionary. She has jnst begun building a fern-house, which is to bo all dark-green glass, and she means to do wonders in that line. I hope yon and she will be good friends." "I have no doubt I shall like her very ! muoh." "Will you Call upon her, or shall she oome to yon ?" " Jnst as she pleases. £ am not at ail par. ticular abont forms and ooremonkis." " She shall oome to-morrow, then, although you are the oldest inhabitant." "Thanks. C shall be so pleased toeee her- Is she fond of animals ?" "I <bardly know. I think I ought to answer as the man did who wae asked if he could flay the fiddle. He didn't know, as he had never tried. Sibyl has mot hadcany opportunity of developing her taste for the hrute-apeolee. She only finished her educa tion -a year -or so ago, at a oonvent in Bruges ; and -since then she has been travel ling -with me. But 1 daresay she has a latent taste for dogs and monkeys." " I -don't think ahe -oan help liking Pedro," MiaeJDavenant replied-naively, with an offeo- tlonate glance towards the warmest corner ef the little drawing-room, whore that luxu rious animal, -the Java monkey, was coiled up on a sheepskin rug. Sir Francis rode homeward by moonlight, very well pleased with the eeoentrloitiee of the (Bungalow. "Sinolair -was right," he said to him self. " The Colonel us a capital fellow. I wish his atories -of the Punjab and the Peninsula were a trifle shorter. But that's a detail. What a lovely faoe it ia J -Georgie — Georgie — GeorgieDavenant:!" The name repeated Itself -over and-o ver again, in time with the tramp of his horse's hoofs, like an old rhyme. Chapier XXIII.— For Lite, eor Death. Miss Clevedon drove over to the Bungalow on the following afternoon. She wae one of those nice easy-tempered girls who are always ready to cultivate any one their brothers may happen to admire ; not a girl to plaoe atumbllng-blooks across a brother's path to matrimony, from any selfish desire to preserve to herself the advantages of his bachelorhood. It was very nloe to reign over such a mansion aa Clevedon Hall ; but Sibyl had no geniua for housekeeping, and she-felt that as a country squire it wag Franois's bonnden duty to take nnto himself a wife. At breakfast Franois was full of his dinner at the Bungalow : the fountain ; tho oook looking out of the widow ; all the ins and outs, and nps and downs of the honse, improved by the Colonel's arohiteotnral fanoies ; the zoologioal oolleotion ; the old soldier himself, with his long stories and vehement epithets ; and finally Miss Dave nant. " Is she pretty ?" Sibyl asked eurionsly. " I think her remarkably pretty. I don't know whether she has a olassloal profile, a Grecian nose coming straight down from her forehead, or anything of that kiiid ; in fact I rather think her nose has a Blight up ward tendency ; or it may bo tbe way abe holds her boad— as higb as if she weie a prinoeas of the blood royal. In short, you see, Sibyl, I can't positively sr.y whether she iB regularly beautiful ; but if you take into consideration her eyes — whioh are splendid — and her expression, and vivacity, and a kind of je ne sais q uoi iahness, you cannot fail to admit that abe ia a lovely 8»rl." " Good gracious, Francis, what a con fused description : splendid eyeB and a tnrned-up nose, and her head stuck up in a conceited way !'' "No, Sibyl, I didn't say in a oonoeited way. She hoe no more cpoceit than patient Grizzle." " Bother patient Grizzle !" Miss Clevedon exclaimed contemptuously ; " I nevor had any patience with that ridiculous creature. Of coarse a man wrote the story — it was like him to do it, just to show what foolish sheep-like beings you wonld like us to be, — and it never was truo. Does she dress well ?" ' 1 Patient Grizzlo ?" "No, sir. This paragon of yours, who isn't pretty, an! yet is." "I really can't venture to express an (pinion on snob an important question aB that. She had a white gown and a green umbrella, and looked nice." " A white gown and a green nmbrella 1 what nn absurd young woman ! I don't -wonder Mr. Wort turned up bis nose at these Davenants." "Now, there's no nse in trying to be dis agreeable, Sibyl ; it isn't yonr metier. Miss Davenant in a charming girl, and I'm sure you'Jl liko her as much as — " " As much as what, sir ?" " As much as I do." " What, Franois, again ?" This "again" had relation to certain pas sages in Sir Francis's past life. He had not reached his twenty-seventh year without falling in love a few times on the way ; he had, indeed, been in and out of love, about once in a twelvemonth; and his sister, in whom he had been wont to confide, had no profound faith in tho oonstanoy of his fan cies. A man who has a fair estate, the world all before him, and no particnlur occu pation, is apt to be rather hard hit by any pretty face that may flit across his path way. " I think yon ought to plead like those grotto-boys who besieged our carriage in London the other day, Francis, 'It's only once a year.' Pray is Miss Davenant prettier than Euphrasie Lamont, theSpauieh- looking beanty you fell in love with at the oonvent ?" " What ! that little tawny dwarfish thing ?" " 0, Francis 1 yon raved about her." " Did I ? She was well enough, I dare, say, for a little one ; bnt this girl is as tall as — as Helen of Troy." : "How do yon know that Helen was tall!" " Tennyson says so — " divinely tall. And mist divinely lair." O, I'm sore of it. Of course Helen was tali ; yon oan't fancy Clytemnestra a little woman ; they were Bisters, yon know." "What a horrid family !" " Well, yes, they were rather a queer lot, answering to some of our English nobility — a taint in the blood I suppose. I think I remember that litt'e Lamont girl had fine eyes, but such a duodecimo-ish creature. Lady Clevedon must bo tall." " Lady Clevedon 1 Has it come to that ?" " It has come to nothing, exoept — another onpoftea, if yon please. Yon are going to call upon Miss Davenant, and see tho zoo logical oolleotion thia afternoon." "But oughtn't she to call npon mo firBt ?" " I don't know anything about tho oughts of the case. But you are going this after noon — I told her so." , Miss Clevedon submitted with a pretty little grimace, and drove off to the Bun galow directly alter lnneheon, enjoying not a little the novel splendor of her barouche and two men-servanta. 