SPIRITUALISM DEFENDED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As your courtesy allow me just five lines for a last comment on this subject. It is simply surplusage to assert that I am an "assailant," or an orthodox assailant," or even an "adversary," of J. S, or of his doctrines and less than candid to use the words "squelch," "confound," and the like, in reference to my first letter. These words are not mine. The challenge comes from " J, S." himself. He enters the intellectual arena, and pro- claims a strange revelation, for which he claims general credence, I hear all he has to say, and then accept his challenge. My counter proposition is, that the strange revela- tion is not new and not true. I am ready to sustain my proposition in person, by any form of open discussion "J. S." may select. Next, I adopt the conclusion of the Saturday Review until I have further light from the advocates of spiritism. It is merely preposterous, and infinitely beneath even " J. S's" intelligence, to speak of that conclusion as no more than a set of catch-words. It is the conclusion reached by a dispassionate and impartial investigator of the evidence set forth by the Dialectical Society's committee, and it is grounded on purely rational and scientific inferences from that evidence. Toset aside the conclusion, the entire article in the Review must be carefully traversed and re- fused, otherwise "J. S." puts himself out of the intellectual court, and proclaims his incapacity for comprehending the process of rational discussion. Lastly, I have absolutely no discussion with " J. S." touching the truth of the Bible, or Judaism, or Christianity. I am. c.. SAXO GRAMMATICUS' JUNIOR. Jan. 12. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-Your very able correspondent " J. S. has, like a gallant knight of old, thrown down his glove on behalf of spiritism, and stands ready to break a lance with any cover that will pick it up. 1 enter the lists in very great fear and trembling at the sight of so doughty an antagonist, ride up and touch his shield with my steel-lined spear, and tell him, in a voice that shows how little used I am to deeds of arms, to defend himself. In plain words, there is a point which J. S,"has omitted to that of, which I challenge him to clear up. It is this what is the power, and where is it lodged, that brings the spirits into actual contact with us humans ? Is there a sufficient strength of will in what he calls the lower development of our life, the human to force the attendance of the higher development, the spirit ? If it be so, and the human mind can thus overcome the spirit, how then does it come to pass that the spirit overcomes the human, deadens his brain, and takes such entire possession of him that he is left a mere soulless and mindless machine with only enough vitality left to be able to obey the dictates of the higher intelligences ? As part of the answer to the same question, it will be necessary to state the part which the table plays in theevolvementof the spirit. The table, in the service of the new religion, is the great stumbling-block in the way of the lower intelligences, and if " J. S,," of himself, or with the assistance of his ghostly visitants, could remove it or satisfactorily explain the purpose it subserves, there is no doubt spiritism would gain in seriousness in propor- tion to the loss it would sustain in the comic element. Is the table an essential, and why ? I ask this from a sincere desire for information, and with all the seriousness it is possible { to profess in asking a question so apparently absurd. And if the table be not essential, in a what other way is it possible to obtain manifestations from other spheres ? As bearing on the mental-cum-tablic power of begetting ghosts, I must refer to a previous letter in which "J. S." states in effect that to unknown spirits alone is to be given the credit of thoughts which the world, in its ignorance has hitherto ascribed to its most honoured dead. He mentioned Shakspeare, and suggested the idea that, though on excellent medium, all his greater thoughts were written to the dictation of beings with whom you or I may possibly be in communication to-morrow. If that be so, those beings had different ideas as to the manner in which they should have been summoned, then and now. The spirits who dictated "Hamlet," "Macbeth," and "The Tempest," the three greatest of Shakspeare's plays in which they give themselves a part, were evidently unacquainted with the power of the table and the modern method of laying themselves on for the ghost of Hamlet's father is represented as coming by himself, Macbeth's witches raised their familiars principally by means of a cauldron, into which they poured a miscellaneous assortment of rubbish (though they certainly sat in a circle), while Prospero had his own in aged gown, wand, and incantations with which to summon Anel or keep Coliban in order. But not Shakspeare only, but all the great poets and thinkers of the past were unconscious cribbers. Bacon, when he freed the world's mind from such very errors as are now leading it astray-a blind belief in things on mere assertion, and without seen the proof and candid investigation-was a cribber. Milson's angels and archangels, his God, and heaven, and hell were not the conceptions of his own lofty mind, nor were his I words, of exquisite beauty and more than mortal strength, his own, but were whispered into his ear, as he sat in his blind old age dictating to his daughter, by some mocking poetical spirit that know all the time that neither God, nor heaven, nor hell existed, that the whole host of angels and archangels were nought, and that thoughts as sublime, clothed in words as resonant, could be produced at will by any two or three who assembled themselves in an idle hour round a three-legged table. Again, how untruthful for the spirits to have let Byron make it appear that it took Manfred the "nights of years. and time, and toil, and terrible ordeals to do what nny'.linendrapor's assistant could do with the help of his wife and lodger every evening of the week thanks to the early-closing movement. If the spirits had really dictated to Byron, would they not have said, "Let Manfred eat, drink, and be merry! Represent him sitting in a circle composed of the chamois hunter, the abbot, and his servant Herman, and state that we are his obedient humble servants." R Sir, because ' there may appear a certain tinge of levity in what I have written, I trust "J. S." will not think it beneath him to reply to my questions. It is not 1, but the nature of the subject, that forces the absurdity. I want to have reconciled the connexion between the hard, practical, material table, and the bodiless, unsubstantial spirit. I remain, Sir, R. C. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As hardly know whether "J. S." is answering my letter or not. He certainly gives a garbled version of the scheme of salvation, creation, the fall, in" and doing so, quotes one or two of my words, One thing, however, he does not attempt that is to reply to or explain away the very, awkward facts ' of contradictory communications, and of the general, and as he says false, belief in the divinity of the Redeemer, co-existent with, and proceeding from men and women possessing great modernistic powers in the Catholic, the Greek, and the Protestant churches. I am not at all surprised that this is the case. I have put the same question to spiritualists over and over again, and always with the same unsatisfactory result. A few evenings since I asked it directly-so said those present-of the spirits, and save that these gave me one of the most rapid, irrelevant answers ever coming from the land of ghosts, such intelligences remained silent, as have all the rest. J. S," certainly tells us that it will be time to discuss the alleged contradictoriness of spirit teachings" when we have cleared away the ground of the preliminary question. In that I agree with him. But is he acting up to his own precept when, before these contradictions are explained away or reconciled, he dictates to the world a faith based upon one or two private communications that are directly antagonistic to hundreds of others received under far less questionable circumstances? As before, I now state that I believe in the existence of the spirit telegraph, but am only acting as a rational being and an impartial judge when, examining the telegrams, and finding them all at loggerheads) I refuse to base my belief upon or to regulate my conduct by any kind of intelligence thus arrived at. J. S., in his travestie of Christianity, introduces an account of the massacre of the Midianites with almost as much effect as that sought to be produced by Thomas Paine introducing the same incidents into the Age of Reason. Like Paine, too, he refuses to see that a God ordering this slaughter of innocent children is the benignant deity who made the earth; and, like Paine, he forgets altogether that the God of Nature also occasionally, by earthquake, fire, pestilence, and famine does destroy children quite as innocent as those ordered to be put to death by the Hebrew lawgiver, This is not the place for a theological discussion, but if " J. S. will read the true story of the affair he will, I think, see that the massacre referred to was of the nature of a judicial act a punishment inflicted upon a sinful people, who, by attempting to seduce the Israelites to "fornication and idolatry," probably merited all that they received. The cry about women being slaughtered is therefore as much out of place as would be a similar cry raised against the execution of a female criminal doomed to die upon the scaffold. If a judge can thus sentence, and do so with justice, surely the Judge of all the earth, who holds the lives of all of us in his hand may take those lives when He pleases and by what means soever He chooses to employ. What, however, does ''J.S. mean by the last clause of the text quoted" at all the women children .... keep alive for yourselves" ? Does] he insert this to show that it was not, after all, a wholesale slaughter some being saved or would he imply, what Paine boldly and scurrilous stated, that these young maidens were given over to be debauched by a licentious soldiery? Such a scandalous and unwarranted conclusion has been come to, and published by more than one spiritualistic writer in the colony. If that is the meaning of " J.S.," I have no other alternative than to call upon him to produce his proofs. Nothing is easier than to make reckless assertions of this description, and the thing, is common enough among sceptics of a certain character, but among such I should never for a moment dream of classifying your correspondent, whom I believe to be a scholar and a gentleman. I trust "IS." does not consider me one who would in any way wish to check inquiry as to spiritualistic phenomena, or undervalue the privileges of being able to hold spiritual communion. Unless I am greatly in error, he may possibly see some of my own handiwork in his own conversion. So far from wishing to cast ridicule upon the matter, | I have ever been a staunch advocate, not only of investigation, but of the fact that fraud and a deception are in the majorityof cases altogether out of the question, and of the theory, that many of the phenomena are utterly and absolutely inexplicable by any other than by the hypothesis of spiritual interference. I go further, and say with Mr. Naylor, that spiritualism is, if a reality, God's best gift of this the 19th century; that it is, as I rejoice exceedingly, shivering the cold, lifeless, paralysing system of materialism to countless atoms. I believe that among the Melbourne spiritualists are many men and women firmly impressed with the idea that they have a good work in hand, and are honestly resolute in carrying it out to perfection, and that, too, with a zeal that puts to eternal shame the paid ministers of many Christian churches. I believe that this is the case with many whom I can but regard most in error, and holding what may be termed the wildest vagaries of the spiritual faith. The present is a time of transition, and diseases, anomalies, and absurdities are as natural to such a time as is whooping cough to children, and love sickness to puberty. My only wish is, that those who are advocating the new movement may be able to discriminate between the real healthy features and the abnormal excrescences of the spiritualistic system. And above all things, it does seem to me the greatest possible folly and the deepest ingratitude to betray, as many do, the bitterest hostility towards the pure religion of the Saviour, which so far has not served us badly, and thus unsettle the faith of millions to whom nothing can be offered as a substitute save a creed full of con- tradictions, the believers in which promise a great deal, but as yet, in the way of real social improvements, have done but little. ' Yours, c" T. H. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. ' , Sir,- Your correspondent "A. B. C." invites me to preach next Sunday on the subject of spiritism, and to print my sermon. As I do not write my sermons I cannot print them, and I do not think a sermon affords the best mode of dealing with a matter of the kind. I would long since have given the public, my ideas on the subject, but that the bishop of Melbourne and other able writers have already said enough to satisfy all reasonable men, and I have nothing to add. Falsehood can range through all the regions of the imagination, truth can only reiterate itself. Being, however, called upon to publish my views, I will gladly do so, if God permit, as soon as I can command a few hours' leisure, -I am, c" H. B. MACARTNEY. Deanery, Jan. 12, 