The Mail News. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, January 5. THE bulletins respecting the health of the Prince of Wales continue to be satis-<*> factory. He is daily regaining strength, and the local affection is subsiding. Her Majesty has commanded the follow ing letter to be made public:—" The Queen is very anxious to express her de?p sense of the touching sympathy of tbe whole nation oa the occasion of tbe alarm ing illness of her 'dear son, the Prince of Wales. The universal feeling shown by her people during those painful, terrible days, and the sympathy evinced by tbem with herself and her beloved daughter, tbe Princess of Wales, as well as the general joy at tbe improvement in the Prince of Wales' state, have made a deep and lasting impression on her heart which can never be effaced. It was, indeed, nothing new to her, for the Queen had met with the same sympathy when just ten years ago a similar illness removed from her side the mainstay of ber life, the best, wisest, and kindest of husbands. The Queen wishes to express at the same time, on the part of the Princess of Wales, her feelings of heartfelt gratitude, for she has been as deeply touched as the Queen by the great and universal manifestation of loyalty and sympathy. The Queen cannot conclude without expressing her hope that her faith ful subjects will continue their prayers to God for the complete recovery of bet dear son to health and strength." The Revenue Returns up to the end of 1871 show a very satisfactory condition of the Exchequer. The last quarter of the financial year has yet to run, and it is the most important to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who between Christmas and Lady Day claims the annual income tax in • htmp sum, as well as other imposts. It is surmised that the Chancellor will have a surplus of three millions sterling, so that Mr. Lowe will be able to dispense with at least twopence of the income tax of six pence in tbe pound. Tbe general condition of Ireland is npon tbe whole satisfactory. "In many coun ties," says Mr. Heron, M.P., " the practice of serving notices to quit has altogether ceased, except for non-payment of rent. Large sums are being expended by tenants on the land, and the value of the fee-simple to owners has increased Agrarian crime, as a consequence of evictions, haa nearly ceased, and the system of half-yearly notices to quit bas gone for ever." The " Home Rule " party, wbo desire an Irish Parliament to meet in Ireland for the discussion of Irish domestic questions, held a meeting last night at the Liverpool Con cert Hall. The Times' correspondent, in reviewing tbe state of tbe country, says, tbe mass of the community appreciate the substantial advantages tbey possess, and desire more practical objects than "-Home Rule" agitators have in view. With regard to the Alabama claims, tbe Times says:—" In this, as in each of the other cases, the British Government denies any breach of neutrality, either wilful or through negligence. We must not omit one important plea on our side which will be found in tbe recapitulation of facts near the close of the volume : *No serious en deavours to intercept or capture any of these vessels during the times of tbeir re spective cruises appear to have been made by tbe Government of the United States; and the losses inflicted* by them would probably have been ia great measure | averted had reasonable activity and dili-1 gence been exerted by that Government j and its officers for that purpose.' We contend, generally, that England did her best to perform her duty as a neutral." Dr. Doilinger bas delivered an inaugural address to the students of the Munich University, which was very numerously attended by tbem. Many persons of note were also present. The speech, which lasted an hour and three-quarters, evi dently made a deep impression on the audience, wbo frequently evinced approba tion during its delivery. Speaking of the relations between France and Germany, Dr. Dbllinger said: " Unhappily, Germany cannot yet disarm, but must still keep her band on her sword. The French proclaim that they will henceforth educate tbeir children in hatred of -Germany, as former generations were taught to detest England. It appears to be a necessVy for the French to have con tinually some people or other to hate. This j hatred Germany does not return*; she holds fast the conviction tbatall Christian nations are members of one grand confederacy, and that every great people has its own share to perform in the moral development of the human race." Dr. Del linger considers the existence of France as a blessing to Europe and especially to Germany—tbe two nations are indispensable to each other. He cannot witbold a tribute, though apparently some what grudgingly given, to the genius of France as the interpreter and populariser of ideas and discoveries. Tbe Rector spoke at great length on the mendacity of French literature, especially denouncing Lamartine, Thiers, Michelet French vaingloriousness has been fostered by historians, who have raised lying to tbe dignity of a fine art. He considers ber public men guilty of false patriotism when they place the whole world under the feet of France, and says " the historians of that nation have inoculated it with a deep untruthfulness." In another portion of this address the Rector of Munich considers that the conquests of German armies and the unity of the Fatherland would be worse than barren spoils and trophies if the universi ties should fail in maintaining and extending the dominion of sincere historical research and of free scientific investigation, and in resisting against all anathemas, the demands of infallibility upon the passive obedience of the human soyl. Germany must accept the conflict in behalf of natural science, of the truth of history, and of the rights of eonseience. M. Pouyer-Quertier's supplementary bud £t is one of makeshifts and expedients. i income tax has been rejected, and re course is bad to indirect taxation, which may fetter industry, restrain enterprise* and restrict the purchasing power of the com munity—but then it provides ready money. France has heavy liabilities and she seeks to meet them by consuming capital as well as interest, a plan which, while it provides for present difficulties, leads to ultimate impoverishment. There is to be an import duty on raw materials, which will, of eoorse, enhance the price on manufactured articles; an import duty also on textile substances; an increase of tbe impost on sugars; and a tax on all dividends, except those on rentes and the funds of co-opera tive societies. Not only does France cripple her productive power, by drying np the sources of national prosperity, but at the same time she determines to maintain a colossal army; she cannot be satisfied with less than 800,000 trained soldiers; 450,000 being the standing army in time of peace. The affair between tbe Germans and tbe inhabitants of Kevin, arising out of the murder of a Bavarian soldier, has been brought to a satisfactory conclusion. Tbe rigorous measures adopted by the Bavarian general will cease to be enforced. The other analogous incidents which occurred at Luneville and Ponti-a-Mousson are on the point of being settled. A moderate Republican, M. Vautraio, has been brought forward for Paris in opposition to M. Victor Hugo. M. Vau train says: " That so far from placing the Republic above universal suffrage, he thinks now, as in 1851, that Republican institutions can alone extricate the country | from its present difficult position." He I energetically denounces the Commune. It I waa noticed at the New Year's Day recep tions at Versailles that Count Arnim, the Prussian Minister, was not present. In a complimentary letter to the President the Count explained his absence on account of bis not having been yet officially accredited to join the diplomatic body. On New Year's Day M. Thiers received numerous congratulatory telegrams, among them one from the Emperor of Germany expressing his good wishes for the success of bib patriotic efforts. The Budget for 1872 of the various Go vernment departments in Austria has just been presented to the Reichsrath. The Budget shows a deficit of .£4,000,000. Brigham Young has surrendered to stand his trial for murder. Bail was refused. He 1 is kept aa a prisoner in his own house, in the custody of the United States Marshal. The project of a steam ferry between Dover and Calais has been considered this morning at a meeting held between some railway authorities and the projectors of the steam ferry, with a view to the prac tical adoption of this scheme. It is pro posed to construct gigantic ferry boats, on to the deck of which tbe train may be run at Dover, and carried across to Calais, where it will be lifted on to the rails, and resume its journey: The Tichborne case will be resumed next Monday week', before Chief Justice Bovill and the eleven special jurors, when the Attorney-General will open the defence. The dredging of the Tiber is at length to be begun in earnest, and the authorities have announced that the recovered trea sures are to be kept iv Rome for the benefit of the world. In the bed of so rapid a river as the Tiber it is not certain that much will be found, but still, on tbe other hand, there is the possibility, and the search cannot fail to be watched with interest. Signor Castellani, Prince Odes calchi, the Marquis Vitelleschi, Mr. Story (the eminent American sculptor), and the historian Mommsen, are some of those who have taken the matter up. January 12. The convalescence ot the Prince of Wales is ao far established that it was announced on Monday that no farther bulletins would be issued until next Satur day. He has been enabled to leave for a few hours the room to which he has been so long confined, and . the constant resi dence of Dr. Gull at Sandringham is no longer necessary. The Secretary for Ireland, in addressing his constituents, insisted that members ought not to tolerate any projects for a dismem berment of the Empire, and he contended " that they must have firmness in showing to the people of Ireland that tbey were not willing to hand over the control of educa tion entirely* to the priests; no more than they were willing to hand it over to the denominationalists in England." On the University question his lordship insisted that a system of higher education, which might be perfectly well fitted for the wants of a Protestant community, would not be in all respects fitted for tbe wants of what was mainly a Catholic community. This is in effect evading the question and paving the way for a vioious compromise. His lordship's reference to the demands of the Roman hierarchy has excited no little stir in Ireland. A great demonstration was held in Limerick on the 10th in favor of ; Home Rule, on the occasion of- a recep tion and banquet to Mr. Isaac Butt, Q.C., M.P., the newly-elected Home Rule mem ber. At the railway station Mr. Butt was met by bis supporters and a vast crowd of 5000 or 6000 persons. Few traders of the city were present, although they bad been requested to assemble in their thousands. A procession was at once formed which passed through the leading thoroughfares of the city. It was accom panied by bands of music playing national j airs, besides a profuse display of banners ] bearing the inscription, " Home Rule for Ireland." The processiou halted opposite O'Connell's statue in George-street, where Mr. Butt addressed the vast Assembly. He thanked tbem for their reception and sup port of the Home Rule movement. He alluded to the late speech of the Marquis of Hartington, and said that be, as the re presentative of the Government aud the Chief Secretary for Ireland, had used ex pressions which tended to show that they in Ireland were to be dictated to as to the education they should give their children. Mr. Butt expressed a hope that the Irish nation would meet the English Government with patience and firmness; with a determina tion that tbeir country should be free, and with a patience that knew how to bide its time. Tbe banquet was held at 9 in the evening in tbe theatre. Tbe chairman gave as the first toast, " The health of the Queen." The band attempted to play the National Anthem, but it was received with such groans that they were obliged to desist. A number of toasts were given and responded to, in which the speakers said that nothing on earth would ever con tent the Irish people but tbe restitution to them of the right to govern themselves. The O'Donoghue has addressed an able letter to the Cork Examiner on the subject of Home Rule and the Kerry election. He argues that it was because O'Connell could not obtain justice for Ireland that he de manded repeal; but the followers ef Mr. Butt, who echo the cry nnder very different circumstances, are unable to say what special evils they have in view. He is filled with loyal attachment to England, and above all he is convinced that «• the first duty of an Irish patriot is to advise his countrymen to accept the good offices of to-day in satisfaction of former mis government.'' The Lord Advocate has been explaining to bis constituency tbe views of Govern ment on Scotch Education. His labored argument on the subject resolves itself into this—that purely secular education may be a good thing, but that Presbyterian Scot land will not have it. The Earl of Derby bas asade a compre hensive speech on the political situation, tbe occasion being the annual meeting of tbe Liverpool Conservative Working Men's Association. His Lordship's address was marked by characteristic moderation, and an almost judicial impartiality. He re gards the Conservatives, though weak in numbers, as exercising an important con trol over tbe divided Liberal party. 'It was they who helped to make the Educa tion Bill what it was, by " backing np" the Minister against his own followers. On the subject of disestabtishaTMat, he dis regarded the majority plea. Logically, the Irish and English Churches were on the same footing, bnt at {veaent the Angli can State Church is rrnianilsble, unlees contending parties in tbe Church fall oat, and secession ensues, when " the end would not be tar off." His Lordship would strengthen the House of Lords by creating a limited number of life Peers; would let the Education Act have some years trial before attempting to amend it, and will assist the Government in carrying a moderate licensing bill, though trusting more to time and teaching to put down in temperance. The ballot he pronoonces a fallacious remedy for bribery and corrup tion ; but Lord Derby urges the imperative necessity for reform in one judicial admini stration. He wants Mr. Lowe to give as " a common-place budget," and to operate on tbe national debt, as "our present prosperity will not last for ever." His Lordship sees no reasonable ground for expecting foreign complications, and thinks we ought to maintain our neutral position. Ireland is the weak point, and requires to be treated with patience and firmness, bat he scouts tbe idea of governing that country through tbe Catholic clergy. Tho noble Earl is a power in tbe State, distinct from parties, and his speech gives the assurance that he will offer no factions opposition to the Government, and that he for one is not at all anxious for office. Mr. James Fisk, the notorious manager of the Erie Ring, has been stopped in bis disreputable career, haviog been 'assassi nated in a New York hotel by a person named Stokes, who had been the defendant in an action brought against him by Fisk. Count Arnim, after presenting his cre dentials to M. Thiers, had a long, private interview with him. It is stated that the interview was very cordial, and that tbe relations of France with Prussia are as good as the present attitude of affairs will allow. In reference to the presentation of tbe credentials of tbe Marquis de Gontand in Berlin, and Count Arnim in Paris, the semi-official Provinzial Corretpondenx writes as follows:—" The re-establishment of the forme* diplomatic relation between Germany and France may be reckoned as another proof that both Governments not only wish but also hope that tbey may more and more succeed in again strengthen ing the relatione between two ndghboring States." M. Vautrain bas been elected for Paris instead of Victor Hugo. The choice of M. Vautrain, a Republican who can wait and who recognises the need of order to'liberty,: and of repose to recovery, is a healthy sign. Victor Hugo bas published an address to the people of Paris, in which he demands an amnesty as the only mode of terminating party strife and assuring order. The question of the Assembly's return to the capital is once more on the tapis, and before many daya are over must be decided. A telegram from Rome announces that the Indian mail arrived on Monday morn ing, at Brindisi, passing for tbe first time through tbe Mont Cenis Tunnel, and thus i realising a saving of twenty-four hoars on the previous route. I Sir Francis Crowley, Bart, M.P., bas j breathed his last His munificent benefac tions, and the rank he took as a leading manufacturer, have made bis name a cherished one throughout England. Sir Francis was a self-made man. He was! born in 1817, at Dean Clough, where stand the great works with which his name and that of his brother are associated. Up to 1833 the carpet manufactory at Dean Clough was on a very small scale, now it is perhaps the largest in the world. It gives employment to between 5000 and 6000 persons, and the various buildings cover an area of about twenty acres. The firm was changed into a company under the Limited Liability Act, in 1866\. The capital was then fixed at £1,650,000, and tbe workmen were ad mitted on easy terms as shareholders. In politics Sir Francis was an advanced Liberal. His distinctive characteristic was his princely munificence. Though a sturdy Nonconformist, bis eagerness, to assist in every good work overflowed all boundaries of ecclesiastical or denomi national distinction. He gave as a free! gift to the town of Halifax " The People's Park," at a cost to the giver of £40,000. About this period was commenced tbe erection of the Crossley Orphan Home and School, which was built and endowed by the Messrs. Crossley at a cost of .665,000. In 1871 Sir Francis gave £10,000 to tbe Corporation as a loan fund, for the benefit of deserving inhabitants. Then be gave .£lO,OOO to the Congregational Pastors' Retiring Fund, and .£20,000 to the Lon don Missionary Society. These are but some of bis public benefactions, and there is every-reason to believe that no man did I more good privately than he did. Joseph Gillott. of Birmingham, has just died. Mr. Gillott was the first to use machinery in the manufacture of the steel pen. Tbe annual produce of the factory he established is estimated at a hundred and fifty millions of pens. He has left a large fortune, and a picture gallery valued at from eighty to a nundred *kr-*rwsntl pounds. January 19. The last of tbe aeries of bulletins relative to tbe health of the Prince of Wales has been issued. Tbe first bulletin was issued on November 23. Though some time must yet elapse before recovery is per fected, the progress towards health is so satisfactory that tbe public may dismiss anxiety. There are many signs of increased poli tical activity. Members of Parliament are still busy addressing tbeir constituents or otherwise expounding their views. Pro fessor Fawcett has made a speech at Brighton, which reads like a Radical mani festo, and indicates that the honorable member will continue to be the assailant of the Treasury Bench. Arrangements are being made for the holding in Manchester of the Conference on International Arbitration and in support of Mr. Henry Richards' motion (postponed from last month in consequence of the ill ness of tbe Prince of Wales) on Monday, January 22. The appomtment of mternational arbitra tors to facet at Geneva, under the terms of the recent treaty between Great Britain and tbe United States, has excited much attention on the Continent In Spain, Senor Marcoat, a member of the Cortes, bas given notice of his intention to intro duce a motion very similar in its na ture to that which will be shortly brought before the English House of Cotamons by Mr. Henry Richard. In Sweden also, a number of tbe Isfxnslatoro, M. Hediuod, has recently spoken and written much on the same subject In France it is being ditruseed with much ability in some of tbe public journals, and a new society for promoting the spread of International Arbitration is being founded under the presidency of M. Martin. The members of the Dutch Peace League in ' Hollatm have sent an address to Mr. j Richard, expressing their lively interest in ; bis intended motion. Thst body includes some of the most influential men in Holland. Its president is Herr J. A. Jolles, of the Hague, a jurist of European | reputation, and now Minister of Justice for the Netherlands.' In tbeir address to Mr. Richard tbey say:— ■" The General League | of Peace in tbe Netherlands testifies its sympathy with yoa for having at this moment, when peace is not menaced and the minds of men are again calm, taken the initiative, and at the same time tbe first practical step in the way leading to the reform of mternational law." At the annual meeting of the Sheffield Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Mundella, MP, expressed bis confidence that all the details of the Alabama difficulty would be amicably settled. He thought tbe American people were far more grieved at the mani festation of British opinion than by the actual damage done. Cardinal Cullen presided, on Wednesday, over a meeting held in Marlboroagh-street Roman Catholic Cathedral, Dublin. Lord Harrington's declaration that the Govern ment will not hand over the education of Ireland to the priests bas nettled the Roman Catholic prelates, and the twelve declarations which this meeting adopted are equivalent to a proclamation of war. In his speech Cardinal Cullen curses the National system of education which exists, with " bell, book, and candle." He anathe matises the friends of unsectarian educa tion, just as Bishop Dupanloup tbe other day anathematised M. Gambetta when be proposed to take tbe education of French youths out of the bands of the priests. In regard to the education question the Ultra montane clergy and the Home Rule leaders are likely to be as one, and while not asking all that the latter ask, some of the bishops, such as Bishop Moriarty, are. against Home Rule. The Roman Catholics will get powerful help from tbe new agita tion. At a meeting of tbe Home Rule Associa tion held in Dublin, Professor Galbraith denied Bishop. Moriarty's allegation that the agitation was got np by the Fenians and spiteful Tories. He alluded to The O'Donoghue as a ghost—the ghost of a young Irishman who once loved his country. Tbe Kerry Post says that tbe signatures appended to tbe document calling on Tbe O'Donoghue to resign areas yet very few. The Rev. John Selby Wateon, of Stock well, haa been sentenced to death for the murder of his wife. He has been strongly recommended to mercy on account of his age and previous good character. A ver dict has also been given in what is popu larly known as the Brighton poisoning ease. MJss Christina Edmonds was found guilty of the death of a little boy named Barker, and also of the attempt to poison several persons at Brighton, by giving them chocolate creams into which she had put strychnine. The ease against the famous claimant in the great Tichborne suit before Lord Chief Justice Bovill, was opened last Mon day. Long before tbe hour of meeting tbe approaches to the Court were most inconveniently crowded. Of course the attraction was tbe desire to hear tbe speech of tbe Attorney- General, who, on this tbe seventy-first day of the trial, was at length to open the ease for the defence. Sir John Coleridge, io foreshadowing tbe line of tbe defence, told tbe jury that it was the plaintiff's daty to satisfy tbem that he was Roger Tichborne, and it was no part of tbe defendant's duty to show who the claimant really was. It might be possible that nobody could say who the plaintiff really was, whilst it was' clear that he was not Roger Tichborne. He would not conceal that he bad a great body of evidence to show that the plaintiff probably was Arthur Orton; but still it was no part of bis duty to show to demon stration that he was that person. He should, however, contend that tbe plain tiff's own story and what he had written showed that he was not Roger Tichborne, and that the conclusion was almost in evitable that he was Arthur Orton. The speaker then placed before the jury an outline of tbe ease supporting the Orton hypothesis. Subsequently the Attorney- General's speech was occupied in great part by an analysis of tbe Australian corres pondence, because in his view the initiation of tbe alleged fraud was of tbe utmost importance for the consideration of the jury. He pointed out that the claimant's informa tion had grown with the progress of bis correspondence, and it would appear as though an impression at one time existed that if Lady Tichborne acknowledged him, there would be an end of all difficulty in the way of recognition, and he could settle down in tbe colonyto enjoy the proceeds of the Tichborne estates. He also gave a history of tbe Brighton card ease, which has been so often referred to during the trial. In dissecting the testimony on the other side, Sir John Coleridge called atten tion to many inconsistencies in the letters of the claimant with the facts which Roger Tichborne must have possessed, even bad be been, as sought to be established, absent twelve years from bis native land. Tbe case is proceeding. | Professor Huxley is unwell, and is said to be going to Italy and Egypt. I M. Thiers' proposed tax on raw material continues to meet with much opposition in France. The delegates from tbe Cham bers of Commerce at Marseilles, Ronbaix, Havre, Lyons, and other towns have arrived at Versailles, to protest against tbe proposed tax. Great uncertainty is said to prevail in Parliamentary circles on the question, aad best informed persons hesitate to forecast the result of the debate now going on in tbe Assembly. The real difficulty of the Government in relation to finance ace*** to turn, not upon the results of the straggle which has exhausted France, so much as upon the war policy of the future, M. Thiers assumed the re sponsibilities iof office with a deficit of £26.000,000. But tbe deficit is, in part at least, one of I his own creation. He has iMuted nponl, a military expenditure, larger than the largest ever asked for, or submitted to, Junde- the Empire. Not content with this, ht\calla upon tbe impo-. verished people? of France, in the moment of their greatest exhaustion, to contribute some eight millions sterling a year towards what ia delusively designated a Sinking Fund, which, on the pretext of paying off the debt to the Bank, and thus enabling it to reduce its paper tirdulation, he charac terises as a tax of necessity. Towards fur niahing the revenue'-tedeired for this facti tious outlay, he has atTiength laid before the Deputies a scheme of duties on raw material, and in a speech of three hoars' duration, as full of economic blunders as of intellectual power, he hijs, to all appear ance, impressed his own will upon tbe House, and wi T! probably obtain what he demands. The policy of M. Thiers msy be described in a few words—a dis united Italy, a divided Germany, a French ascendancy over the Continent. This is to bim no dream, but a purpose, and to carry France back to this position he is taking the initiatory steps. The peace of France and) the peace of her neighbors is but a small matter, so far as his estimation is concerned, compared with the glorious privilege of keeping Europe in awe, and dictating to nations bow they shall live. He evidently looks upon the antagonism of Germany and France as suspended only, and not concluded by the late war. Bat M. Thiers is not the Republic. His dictature is beginning to be obnoxious, and the o*pp osition he meets with more serious. Tbe C bamber is crying out about the President's frequent appear ance there, and asks, wit h some reason, too, of what use are the (Ministers if His Excellency is determined {o do everything himself. Tbe French Government has prohibited tbe sale in the streets of two Paris papers—tbe Constitution and the Gauloit. This act is viewed with much disfavor by tbe rest of tbe Press. The Gauloia announces, as cue of the conse quences of its prohibition, that it has re ceived no less than 437 freah quarterly subscribers. By the death of tbe Due de Persigny tbe ex-Emperor Napoleon bas lost perhaps the most enthusiastic as well as oneof tbe ablest of his partisans. The late duke obtained his rank for services tA the Bonapartiat cause, extending over twenty years. L January 26. .The convalescence of the Prince of Wales was marked on Sunday by a special thanksgiving in the form of a prayer, ordered to be prepared last Thursday by the Privy Council, ard to be used in all places of worship of the established Church the following Sunday. Soon after Parliament meets there is to be an imposing ceremonial at St. Paul's, wbither Queen Victoria, pos sibly tbe Prince himself, and the great bodies of the State will assemble, to give thanks for tbe recovery of tbe Heir Appa rent. The great Cathedral already re sounds with preparations for tbis public and unique event, and the Lord Chamberlain is obliged to deprecate the urgent demand for orders for admission which are thus early pouring in upon him.: The Queen has appointed Sir William Jeaner, Bart, M.D., to be an ordinary member of the Civil Di vision of tbe Knights Commanders of the Bath. The Queen bas also granted tbe dignity of Baronet to Dr. Gull. Mr. Gladstone has issued a cfrcular re lating to the meeting of Parliament His allusion to " the Speech from the Throne" is the official confirmation of tbe news that the Queen intends, if possible, to open tbe session in person. The remainder of Mr Gladstone's circular is occupied with the retirement of tbe Speaker. In all proba bility Mr. Brand will tie elected as the suc cessor of Mr. Denison. Mr. Bright bas written to Tbe O'Donoghue his views on Home Rule in Ireland, as some have said that be was an advocate for it He writes:—" If it bas been said by any one of any authority in the country, I shall be glad if yoa will contradict it To have two representative Legislative As semblies or Parliaments in the United Kingdom would, in n-jy ♦pinion, be an in tolerable mischief; and I think no sensible man can wish for two. within the limits of the present United Kingdom who does not wish the United Kingdom to become two or more nations entirely separate from each other." This letter iof Mr. Bright'a will, we trust remove the /l»at illusions of those Irish Nationalists who profess to have the sympathy of English liberals, with their latest agitation for tbe lismemberment of the British Empire. The Nonconformist Conference has held meetings tbis week in Manchester. The first-evening the magniicent Free Trade Hall was crowded in every part, and a sup plemental meeting was held in tbe Friends' Meeting House, a large building with spa cious galleries It is said m Manchester that nothing has been seen like these meetingssince the days of the Anti-Corn Law League, when Mr. Cobden, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Fox used to appear together in the Old Free Trade Hall. Some 1500 or 2000 delegates from all parts of the kingdom were present, and Mr. Richard, M.P* was in tbe chair. His address was full of telling point;, mode rate, wise, yet tboroegh and decided. It was very soon evident, from the echo of the meeting, that the thousands represented at tbe Manchester Conference had made up their mind on the education question. Dr. Mellors was, perhaps, the speech of the evening, he made a most earnest appeal on behalf of a purely secular national edu cation. The meetings held the next day were marked by great force and earnest ness. Mr. Miall presided. One of the resolutions pledged the Conference to sup port Mr. Fawcett's forthcoming motion re specting University Fellowships, and another declared that tbe policy of the Endowed School Commissioners hsd contravened the spirit of tbe Act of 1869, and the prin ciple of religious equality. The proceed ings of both morning and evening meetings were characterised by unanimity and enthu siasm. A heavy gale visited tbe metropolis about 3 a.m. on Wednesday morning, January 24, accompanied with torrents of rain. Many accidents are reported, and amongst tbem is the fall of one of the large pinnacles upon the central tower of the Westminster Palace. The mass, weighing about two tons, fortunately fell outside the beautiful mosaic fresco ceiling of the cen tral ball. In the Electric Telegraph-office, on the flooring of wbieh office the principal portion of tbe massive fragments eventually lodged; the damage done is estimated at several handled pounds. Destructive floods axe reported from many parts of tbe pro vinces. A flood of greater extent than has been known for forty years is now covering the Vale of Glamorgan. Some of the vil lages adjacent to the Severn are deluged. Great damage is also done to shipping. The Tichborne case continues to excite unabated interest Tbe Attorney-General, in continuing his defence, has endeavored to show that the real Roger Charles Tich borne, though a young man with some fail ings, and a certain propensity to drink, was a real gentleman at heart, utterly incapable of leading the life of " a common Aus tralian thief," that bis own instructions to Mr. Slaughter for his will showed a com plete knowledge of the family property and anairs before leaving England, of which the claim mt has shown a complete igno rance. The Attorney-General has labored to show that the claimant, while entirely ignorant of the most elementary facts re lating to the Tichborne' family and pro perty, while sending a message to a grand- I father who had long been dead, and beg ging for money, in Australia, while he had a large balaDce at Glyn's, has also shown a curiously minute knowledge of facts in connection with the Orton family of which Roger Tichborne must have been ignorant. One feature of the case, according to the learned counsel, was particularly striking. Tbe life of Roger Tichborne while he was in France was almost altogether a sealed book to the plaintiff, except as to one or two things that he might have learnt from the Dowager. His absence of knowledge concerning his companions and course of education at Stooyhurst was likewise re marked on. In fact, Sir J. D. Cole ridge proposes to show, by vast cumula tive evidence, that the claimant hardly knew anything that Roger Tichborne must have known—especially how to spell his own name, and in what county Tich borne Park was situated—bnt knew a great deal that Roger Tichborne could not have known. His speech is producing a profound impression, and it has yet to be concluded. A reprieve bas been granted to the Rev. John Selby Watson, and he will be sent to tbe Convict Prison at Portland. Chris tina Edmunds has been pronounced insane, ' aod therefore the sentence of death will not be carried out. M. Arlej-Dufour is dead. He was an ardent Socialist, but opposed to the method by which Socialism bas generally been pursued; a believer in an Arcadian future; a man wbo bad raised himself from a comparatively humble position to be tbe head of the great silk firm of Lyons and London which bas for so many years borne his name. He was never tired of repeating his belief ia progress; the con densation of all bis favorite St. Simonian doctrines into one sentence: —"The Golden Age is not ia the origin of humanity, but in its future." An honored guest at the last dinner of the Cobden Club, he was full of talkofPereEnfaotin—the ''master," as he called him, of his youth, when he had been ( one of the band of young and visionary enthusiasts who wore the dress and lived the strange life of Menil moatant. He believed in a time when there should be no more war, and considered that Free Trade would do more than any* thing else to abolish it. Tbe policy of M. Thiers had no more determined opponent. M. Arles-Dufour abhorred the retrograde commercial ideas of the President of the French Republic, as he bated the revival of militarism, which M. Thiers' Budget implies. M. Thiers and his Ministers have been twice defeated in the divisions on the sub* ject of tbe taxation of raw material. " Tbe Chamber has no longer any confidence in me," said M. Thiers, *' we must therefore part." No sooner bad the President re signed and sent in the message to tbe Assembly than M. Butbie, in the name of the Right Centre, rose to say that the pre vious day's vote did not imply distrust. After some discussion, an order of the day, refusing to accept M. Thiers' resigna tion, and appealing to his sense of patriot ism, was carried unanimously; and a deputation was appointed to inform the President of the result. When the Cham ber reassembled it was announced that M. Thiers had expressed his willingness to resume the direction of affairs. Marshall M'Mahon solicited M. Thiers to withdraw his resignation in the name of the army, which would respect the orders of the majority of the Assembly, but woula not obey dictatorship. One of the results of the last crisis in France is tbe annihilation of all hope of the Assembly's return to Paris at present. Fresh efforts are being made to effect a fusion of the branches of the Orleans family; the Comte de Paris, it is said, shortly intends visiting the Comte de Chambord. A new Govern mental scheme for the taxation of raw material, slightly differing from the first proposal, has been distributed to tbe depu ties. It is only applicable as a last re source. Tbe Committee on the Budget bas rejected tbe tax on salts of soda. The Government is very uneasy about the re-election of Prince Napoleon to tbe Council-General of Ajaecio, and the pro bable success of M. Rouber in the coming election for deputy. The return of ft at clever and influential Bonapartist is feaiad by all tbe enemies of that fallen d-nmstt. The Liberal papers speak of M. Rouher*g address to the electors of Corsica as impu dent and audacious. The nation may not have pronounced upon its destinies, but it has certainly, the DebaU maintains, pro nounced against Bonapartism in every amo tion that has taken place since tbe Bth of last February. 