THE DESERTED DIGGINGS. ('Concluded.) j nS t about dawn 1 was woke up "(parley, who was whistling away ))0St vigorously as lie made his fire ll(j boiled the water lor his tea. He vil!in't long in finishing his breakfast, nd thcu away he went, on hisjourney si, r jsk as a bee I seldom got up of 'gunday much before ten, but as my „ a ic and I agreed to go out on the lains that day after some turkeys !,!,, had iieen seen about, and it being uy week to cook, I roused out pretty jily, lighted the fire, and set to work I, ret breakfast ready. I was busy rviiig the chops, when, looking up, I -j, v A lick coming along the road roni the township. He had his gun ndfcr his arm and a brace of snipe in nc hand. 'Why, Alick,' said I, vou have been out after the birds feity early .' ' Oil,* says he,'Charley ade such a cursed row this morning lint he woke me up, and, as I couldn't et to sleep again, I thought I would ry if there was anything to be got long the creek. I have been pretty veil all the way to the township, and his is all I've lighted on.' 'Well,' aid I, ' I hope we shall have better sport, at any rate.' ' I hope you will,' ays he ; and into his tent he goes. Well, things went on pretty much in lie old way with us for the next few veeks—the only tiling in any way r-markable was the change that came [cv Alick. Since Charley's departure ,j never shut himself up of a night as ictiscii to do, but came out regularly and sat with the rest of us till the very last man went off—and then even lid did not seem inclined to turn in himself. Not that he was a bit more jilt'iisunt than before, for formerly he uswllo speak now and then, but now w never so much as opened bis loutli, hut sat smoking and staring into the fire, and looking altogether is miserable as a bandicoot. Well, I may have been a couple of mouths ir (hereabouts after Charley left us that me and my mate were sitting one line night in front of our tents doing our pipes. It was full moou, and nearly as light as day. 1 had just ken talking to my mate about Charley, and was wondering whether lie meant to come back lor his things or to leave them for me, when who should I see come out of the bush just behind Alick's tent but Charley himself. He was dressed just the same as usual—grey shirt, red sash 1 all, but looked, if possible, a trifle re bloodless than ever. To my surprise he passed by the teiit, and though I shouted out to him he took no notice, but walked straight over Id the fire and sat down on a log «l)ich lay beside it, with his back towards us. Well, I was just goin •P to ask him what he meant by cutling a couple of old pals in that style, »hen out came Alick carrying a billy full of soup in his hand, which he jus going to warm up, and as he bt stirring it round while he walked, be did not notice Charley who sat ^itc still looking at the fire without «vcrsaying a word. Alick stooped S settled the logs so as to make alirua place on which to set his pot, a «<l as lie lilted up his head after Placing it on the fire he caught sight Ji Charley. Never shall I forget his weif I were to n ve a thousand years. «J about half a minute he stood as JW1 as if he were turned into stone— "is mouth wide open, his eyes starting his head, and his cheeks as j»hite as pipe-clay.; then, with a ornble yell, he fell head foremost in •"ebre My mate and I rushed up, uragged him from amongst the blazing and when we bad done so and '"jned round to loot for Charley he gone. Well, I can tell you, I began to feel pretty scared, and no mistake. • Ned,' says I, to mv mat^. 'there's something wrong here. If that wasn't Charley himself it was his ghost, and I am sure if he had been living he would never have gone off like that without having a talk with us and the rest of the boys.' * Nonsense,' says he, 'there ain't any such thing as ghosts.' But though he pre tended to laugh at the whole affair, and said that Charley was only having a game with us, I could see by his looks that he was more inclined after all to be of my opinion than of his own. However, we didn't have much time for talking, for all the while we were holding up Alick, who, though not badly burned, was quite insensible. We carried him into his.tent, and tried everything we could tlUnk of to bring him round, but as it -was all of no use, my mate proposed that he should sit up with nim one half the night and I the other. Well, it might have been about mid • night when my mate came and woke me up. < Why,' said I,« what's the matter with you ? you look as white as a ghost ?' ' Get up,' said he,' and come along with me. Poor Charley, I'm afraid its all over with him.' I hurried on my clothes and went with him to Alick's tent. By the light of the candle I could see Alick's features plainly, r He was asleep, but his facia] was perfectly livid, and the perspiration was rolling in huge drops down his forehead. For about a quarter of an hour he lay like this quite still, my mate and 1 watching him in silence. Suddenly, however, he raised himself up and screamed out, 4 Keep him off ! he has come to drag me down to hell. His grave cannot hold him, anil yet I buried him deep down, deep down. Mercy, my God, mercy, mercy, mercy!' His screams gradually grew fainter, and at last he lell back'perfectly ex ha listed- ' Has he been taken like that before to night V says I. ' Yes, just before I came and woke you up.' ' Well, you go and turn in now, and I will st iy wi Ji him till morning, and then we'll think what is best to be done.' It might have been about daylight when Alick roused up all of a sudden. lie sat up, looked round the tent, und seeing me seated on the opposite bunk lie exclaimed, ' Why, what's all this ? I must have been ill.' I didn't make hi in anyranswer, so he laid himself down again, and turning himself so that I couldn't see his face, he said, after a bit, ' Where's Charley? Didn't Charley come back last night ?' ' Where Charley is, Alick' said I,'you best know.' ' What do you mean by that?' smd he ;savagely, starting, up, and facing me. ' I moan,' says I, ' that, you sauj,. things iu.youf sleep last; night that Want explaining.' 'What did I say?' says he. ' Never miud the exact words,' says I;' fhut I may just as well tell you that belore my mate and me you said as g much as that you murdered Charley.' With that he dropped back on his bunk again as if he had been shot. He lay a long time without speaking. At last he raised himself up on one arm, and, says he, ' Bill, it's no use ray keeping the matter to mvsell any longer. Charley's ghost came for me. last night, and though I escaped him that time, it's all up with me I feci. I did murder him. I followed him that Sunday morning, and shot him down in a gully a few miles from here. I hid his body in the scrub, and in the evening I went dowu and buried him, but his grave was not deep enough.' ' Well, Alick,' said I, ' I didn't ask you to tell me all this, but now you have done so I must do my duty.' ' I know—I know,' says be. ' Let me go down with you, and show you where the body is buried, and then you may hand me over to the traps as soon as you like. I have been sick of my life this long time.' Well, I called my mate and sent him up to the Stars and Stripes, where he found some of the boys who had conie in for their morning-drink, and told them all about it, and a pretty row there was at once, as you may well think. Some of the Yankees were for lynching him right away, but the rest of us would not agree to it, and at last it was settled that Alick should go down with us and show us tbe grave ; and that in order not to attract the attention of those whom we might meet on the road, he should not be bound It was neccsssary to take the greatest care in order to gel him safe into the hands of tbe troopers, for if the news of the murder had once got noised about the township he wouldn't have had many minutes to say his prayers in, I can tell you. However, we put our revolvers in our pockets, and gave him notice that if he attempted to escape we would shoot him down like a dog. He led us right through the bush, without ever speaking, till lie came to a very long gully with steep sides, and " about the middle of it he stopped, and pointing to a great half-charred log, said, 4 Underneath that.' We rolled away the log and began to dig, and it wasn't very long before we came to the body. It was in a horrible state of decay, bnt still it wasn't so far gone but what we could swear to it. We left some of our party with it, and then started with Alick to take him to the police camp at Kajunga. Now, the creek about a mile above Kajunga runs at the bottom of a precipice 300 or 400 feet in height, and along the top of this precipice lay our road. The scrub is very thick about there, and comes pretty well up to the edge of the cliff, so that there is but a narrow pathway of a few feet in tfidtb. Well, we had got almost within sight of the township, when who should come out of the bush, about a hundred yards a head df us, but Charley. It was broad daylight, so that there was no mistaking him. Well, I can tell you, my heart beat double-quick, and I don't think that any one <jf us felt quite at his ease. Alick was walking by my side when he caught sight of Charley advancing towards him. With a yell of terror he rushed towards the narrow path and flung himself headlong over the precipice. He did it so suddenly that none of us could even offer to prevent him. I sprang to the edge of the cliff just in time to see him strike heavily against a projecting granite boulder, and fall with a dull splash into the dark waters of the creek, which closed over him for ever. When I looked round I saw the supposed ghost gazing over the precipice with, an expression of horror and amazement in his face. This can't be anything but a man, after all, thinks I, so I marched straight up to him, and I then saw at once that it was not Charley, though the likeness was.. so striking that at a short distance it would have deceived any one. The mystery was soon explained. He was Charley's brother, Jack Smart, who not finding him in Melbourne, as he had expected, had come up to Kajunga to look after him. The evening before he had missed his way and got up to our teuts. He had not replied . to my welcome, because, being very deaf, he had not heard it. Alick's extraordinary behaviour upon seeing him had led him to believe that he was amongst a lot of candidates for the Yarra Bend (the Melbourne madhouse), so that while we were lugging Alick out of the fire he quietly sloped into the bush again. Having worked for several'years along with his brother in California, he had taken to dress exactly in the same style, which made the resemblance between them almost perfect Well, you may be sure, when the news of all this reached the township there was the devil to pay. Everybody knocked 6ff work and started off to see tbe place where the murdered man had beep buried. There had been a pretty smart shower since we dug the body up, and us a Scotchman of the name of Campbell was looking at the grave he saw something bright among tbe dirt that had been thrown up. He stooped down and picked it up, and what should it be but a nugget pretty nigh three ounces, a small pieceof which had been washed clean by the rain. Well, be jumped straight into the grave, and drove in pick in at once, and "Rush oh !" was the order of the day. Claims were marked out on every side, the corpse was left to the care of Jack Smart and the police, who bad just come up, and the gully was soon alive with the whole population of Kajunga, mad with excitement. I had marked out a claim about fifty yards from the grave, and was hard at work sinking for my bare life, when some one touched me on the shoulder. It was Hepe. 'Well,' says lie,- 'what I said has come true. He found the claim but he never handled tbe gold.' Well, whether it was chance or not, I cannot say, but everything Hepe told us that night came to pass; lor that was the best rush ever made on Kajunga, and the grave claim was allowed on all hands to be the best hole on it; and yet those who worked it never benefitted by it, for the two Campbells who had it, after working it right out, all except one pillar, attempted to remove that without putting in proper props, so the root of the drive lell in on them, and they were both killed. What became of the gold they took out of it was never known. No Government receipts were either on their bodies or , among their things, dor could an ounce of gold be discovered, though search was made wherever it was thought they might have stowed it away. My belief is that they planted it somewhere in the bush, but where, no one will ever know, for it: ain't likely that pick or spade will ever be plied on the old Kajunga again.' 'And what amount of gold do you think -they took out of their claim V said -I. 'Well, me and' my mate cleared nearly £2,000 a man after all expenses paid. The American hole, which was the best after Campbell's, turned out, 1 know, upwards of £5,000, so that I should think there must be between £5,000 and £6,000, lying somewhere handy if one only knew where to drop upon it; but prospecting for that lot amongst all these raid gullies would be but a poor spec I reckon^^]A.ud.. now, mates, my yarn is clean spun out, and as we must be up 'with the sun in the morning, I shall say good night.', So saying, he knocked the ashes but of his pipe, rolled himself in his blanket, and in a few-'-minutes was sound asleep, an example we wiere none of us slow.to follow.— i/lra old Chum in ' Once a Week' 1 ' 