WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER XXVI. AT AFTERNOON SERVICE. The stillness of the sabbath morn shed its peace over Foxwood. Within the Court of that name - where the lawns were green and level, and the sweet flowers exhaled their perfume, with a tree here and there already putting on its autumn tints — the aspect of peace seemed all-encompassing. The windows of the rooms stood open. Inside one of the rooms, Miss Blake was still seated at the breakfast table. Matins at St. Jeromes had been unusually prolonged ; and Sir Karl and Lady Andinnian had taken breakfast when she got home. Today, the Reverend Damon Puff had come to St Jeromes to help Mr. Cattacomb, imparting an additional attraction. While Miss Blake took her breakfast, Lucy went out amidst her flowers. The scent of the mignonette filled the air, the scarlet colours of the geraniums made the beds brilliant. Lucy wore a simple muslin dress with sprigs of green - for the weather was still like summer though the season was not ; the nightingales no longer heard of an evening. Trinity church boasted a set of sweet-toned bells and they were ringing melodiously. They generally rang before the service on the first Sunday in each month when the Sacrament was administered. This was the first of September. Lucy stooped to pick some mignonette as she listened to the bells. She was getting to look what she was — worn and unhappy. Nothing could be much less satisfactory than her life, it often seemed to her. She was like a poor flower withering for lack of sunshine. For the first time for several weeks, she planned to stay for the after service : her mind had really been in too great a chaos before, but this week she had made an effort in striving to be tranquil. Karl came around the terrace from his room and crossed the lawn. In his hand he held a most exquisite rose, and offered it to her. She thanked him as she took it. In manner, they were always courteous to one another. " What a lovely day it is !" she said. " So calm and still." " And not quite as hot as it was a few weeks ago," he replied. " Those must be Mr. Sumnor's bells." " Yes. I wish they rang every Sunday. I think - it may be all fancy, but I can't help thinking - that people would go to church more heartily if the bells rang for them as they are ringing now, instead of calling them with the usual ding-dong." " There is something melancholy in the ringing of bells," observed Karl, in abstraction. " But, when the heart is in itself melancholy, the melancholy of the bells brings to it a feeling of soothing consolation," was Lucy's hasty answer. And the next moment she felt sorry that she had said it. Never, willingly, did she allude to anything that could touch on their estrangement. " Talking of church, Lucy," resumed Karl, in a different and almost confidential tone. " I am getting a little annoyed about that St. Jeromes place. They are going too far. I wish you would give a word of caution to Theresa." " I - I hardly like to," answered Lucy after a pause, her cheek faintly flushing, for she knew that she had not dared to talk much on any score with Theresa lately, lest Theresa might bring up the subject of The Maze. "She is so much older and wiser than I am -" " Wiser ?" interrupted Karl. " I think not. In all things, save one, you have ten times the common sense that she has. That one thing, Lucy, I shall never be able to understand, or account for, to my dying day." " And more importantly,"continued Lucy, flushing a deeper red at the allusion, " I am quite sure that Theresa wouid not heed me, whatever I might say." " Well, I don't know what is to be done. People are mocking St Jeromes and its frequenters' folly more than I care to hear, and I blame myself for allowing it to go on. I should not like a letter from the Bishop of the Diocese." " You written to !" cried Lucy in surprise. " It is within the range of possibility. The place is on the Andinnian land." " I think, were I you, I would speak to Mr. Cattacomb." Kurl made a wry face. He did not like the man. Moreover he fancied - as did Lucy in regard to Miss Blake - that whatever he might say would make no difference. He had spoken of this before. But, now that another cleric had come, and the folly doubled, he felt it his duty to remonstrate more firmly. The whole village gossiped and laughed about the new services. Sir Adam was furious, as Ann Hopley carried the gossip home to him, and then he abused Karl for not interfering. Karl and his wife went to church together, that day. It was a thinner congregation than usual. As it was a grand field day at St. Jeromes with procession and banners, some of the congregation had gone there. Kneeling by her husband's side in their pew, Lucy felt the influence of the holy place, and peace seemed to steal down upon her. Margaret Sumnor was opposite, looking at her ; and in Margaret's face there was a strange pitying compassion, for she saw that that Lucy's sadness seemed to be increasing. It was a plain, solid sermon as Mr. Sumnor's sermons always were ; its subject the blessings promised in the next world ; its text, " And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes." The tears rose to Lucy's eyes as she listened. Karl listened too, rapt in the words. The sermon lasted for only a quarter of an hour - the sermons were always short the first Sunday in the month. Both Karl and Lucy seemed fo take in the sermon's message. The troubles of this short span on earth lessened, by that glorious fruition to come hereafter. " I am going to stay," whispered Lucy, as the service ended. Karl nodded but made no other answer. The congregation filed out, and still he sat there. Lucy wondered what he intended. And in a moment it flashed upon her that he must be going to stay too. Her face turned crimson ; the question, involuntary question suggesting itself to her - was he fit for it ? Karl did stay. They knelt side by side and received Christ's holy Ordinance. After that, Karl prayed on his knees until the end. It was impossible for Lucy to believe that he could be living a troubled life - whatever he might have done. He held out his arm as they left the church, and she took it. It was not often that she did. Thus they walked home. exchanging a sentence or two between whiles. Karl went to his room, saying he would not eat as he had a headache. Miss Blake had 'snatched a morsel,' and had gone out again to hear the children's catechism, Hewitt said. One thing must be conceded - she was zealous in her duties. And so Lucy was alone. She took a 'morsel' too, and went to sit under the acacia tree. When an hour or so had passed, Karl came up and was surprised to find tears on her cheeks. " Is it any new grief ?" he asked. " No," she answered, neglecting her usual reticence. " I was thinking that I am far to young to have such unhappiness." " We both have enough of that, I expect." I know I have. But yours is partly of your own making, Lucy, mine is not." " Not of his own making !" ran her thoughts. " Of his own planning, at any rate." But she would not say a word to mar the semi-peace which prevailed. " That was a nice sermon this morning," he resumed sitting down by her on the bench. " Very. I almost forgot that we were not close to heaven, and that we had many years to live out here first." " We shall have to live them out, Lucy, I suppose, although the prospect of it looks anything but consolatory." " I thought you seemed very sad," she remarked in a low tone. " I had no idea you were going to stay." " Sad !" He laid his hand upon her knee : not, in any particular affection, but to give emphasis to his word. " Sad is not the term for it, Lucy. Misery, dread, despair - the worst word you will. I earnestly wished that I was in the heaven Mr. Sumnor described - if only I did not have to leave some others here. Lucy wondered of whom he spoke. She thought it must lie between herself and Mrs. Grey. Or perhaps he had been thinking of his poor brother. " I think what Mr. Sumnor said must be true," resumed Lucy. " That the more sorrow we have to endure in this world, the brighter will be our entrance into the next. I am sure he carries a great deal of sorrow himself ; whenever he preaches about it he seems to feel it very deeply." Karl appeared not to hear. He was gazing upwards, with a look of patient pain. There were moments - and this was one - when Lucy's arms yearned to encircle him, and ask for his love to be hers again. She cared for him still, and wished she could awake to find the Maze, and all the trouble connected with it gone forever. They sat on, saying nothing. The birds sang as in spring, the trees waved gently beneath the blue sky, and the green grass was pleasing to for eye. The sun shone on their handsome house, and not a sound of every-day labour, indoors or out, broke the stillness. All was essentially at peace - except within their own wearied breasts. The bell of Trinity Church rang out for service, arousing Lucy from her reverie. She said she should like to attend. " What ? this afternoon ?" exclaimed Karl. " You don't usually go in the afternoon." That was true. The heat of the summer weather had been almost unbearable and Lucy had not ventured to church in it more than once a day. " It is cooler now," she answered. " And I always like to go if I can when I have stayed for the communion." But Karl held back from it ; rather, Lucy thought, in an unaccountable manner, for he was ever ready to agree with any wish of hers. He did not seem inclined to go forth again, and said, in excuse, that he preferred to retain this morning's sermon in his mind, rather than replacing it with an inferior one. And, his head was aching badly. " I do not ask you to come," said Lucy, gently. " I can go quite well alone." When she came down with her things on, however, she found him ready also ; and they set off together. It may be questioned, though, whether Lucy would have gone had she foreseen what was to happen. In the middle of the service, while the ' Magnificat ' was being sung, a respectable, staid woman entered the church with an infant in her arms. A beautifully dressed infant. Its long white robe elaborately embroidered, its delicate blue cloak of surpassing richness, its covering veil of lace dainty as a gossamer thread. The attire, not often seen at Foxwood, caught Lucy's eye, and she wondered who the infant was. It seemed to her that she had seen the nurse's face before and began to ransack her memory. In an instant it flashed on her with a shock— it was the servant at The Maze. She turned her eyes on her husband ; not intentionally, but in an uncontrollable impulse. Karl was looking furtively at the woman and child - a red flush colouring his face. Poor Lucy's benefit from the afternoon service was over. The baby had come to be baptised. Ann Hopley sat down on a bench to which she was shown, just under the Andinnian pew. Towards the close of the second lesson, the clerk advanced to her, and entered on a whispered colloquy. Every word of which was distinct to Karl and Lucy. " Have you brought the infant to be christened ?" " To be baptised," replied Ann Hopley. " Not christened." The clerk paused. " It's not usual for us to baptise children unless they are so delicate as to render it necessary," he said. 'But this child is delicate,' she answered. 'My mistress, who is herself very ill, has got nervous about it and wishes it done. The christening must be left until she is better." " It's the baby at The Maze, I think ?" " Yes. Mrs. Grey's." The second lesson came to an end. Mr. Sumnor's voice ceased, and he stepped out of the reading desk to perform the baptism. Ann Hopley had drawn back the veil, and Lucy saw the child's face ; a fair, delicate little face, and placid in its sleep. The congregation, a very small one always in the afternoon, rose up, and stood on tiptoe to watch the service. Mr. Sumnor, standing at the font, took the child in his arms. " Name this child." " Charles," was the audible and distinct reply of Ann Hopley. And Lucy Andinnian turned red and white as she thought it was named after her husband. As indeed was the case. The child, was brought back to the bench again ; and the afternoon service went on to its close. There was no sermon. When Lucy rose from her knees, the woman and the baby had gone. Karl offered her his arm as they left the church, but she would not take it. They walked home side by side, not speaking. " That was the reason he wanted to keep me away from church this afternoon !" was Lucy's indignant thought. " And to dress it up like that ! How, how much longer can I put up with this ?" But Lucy was mistaken. Karl had known no more about it than she, and was struck with astonishment to see Ann Hopley come in. The situation arose exactly as the Ann had stated. During the night, the child had seemed so ill that its mother had become nervously uneasy because it was not baptised, and insisted upon its being brought to church that afternoon. Meanwhile, Ann Hopley had hurried homewards, partly to avoid observation, partly because she wanted to be back with her mistress. In traversing the short space of road between the Court gales and The Maze, she encountered Miss Blake coming home from St. Jeromes. Miss Blake, seeing a baby sumptuously attired, and not at the moment recognising Ann Hopley in her bonnet, crossed the road to inquire whose child it was. Then she saw it was the servant at The Maze ; but she stopped all the same. " I should like to take a peep at the baby, nurse." " It's asleep, ma'am, and l am in a hurry," was the answer, given in all truthfulness, not in discourtesy : for it must be remembered that Ann Hopley had no grounds to suspect that this lady took any special interest in affairs at The Maze. " It slept all through its baptism." " Oh it has been baptised, has it ! At Mr. Sumnor's church." " Yes, at Mr Snmnor's. There is no other church but that," added the woman, totally ignoring St. Jeromes, and not thinking to give offence. Miss Blake put aside the lace and looked at the sleeping baby. " What is its name, nurse ?" " Charles." " Oh," said Miss Blake, having the same notion as to the name, that had struck Lucy. " It is Mrs. Grey's name I suppose - or something like it ?" " No, it is not Mrs. Grey's name," replied the woman. " Who is the baby considered like ?" went on Miss Blake, still regarding it, " Its father or its mother ?" " It's not much like anybody, that I can see, ma'am. The child's too young to show any likeness yet." " I declare that I see a likeness to Sir Karl Andinnian !" cried Miss Blake, speaking upon impulse ; and her fancy seemed to show her that the likeness was there. " What a strange thing nurse !" With one startled gaze into Miss Blake's eyes, Ann Hopley went off in a huff. The suggestion had not been palatable. " If he's like Sir Karl, I must never bring him out again, lest by that means suspicion should come to my master," she thought, as she took the gate key from her pocket and let herself in. " But I don't believe it can be so ; for I'm sure there's not a bit of resemblance between the two brothers." " How plain it all is !" sighed Miss Blake, regarding the cross upon her ivory prayer-book as she went over to the Court. And that ridiculously simple Lucy does not see it ! Bartimues was blind, and so is she. He could see nothing until his eyes were opened : her eyes have been opened and yet she will not see !" No, Miss Blake, neither could the self-righteous Pharisee see, when he went into the Temple to thank God that he was better than other men, and especially than the poor publican. St. Jeromes was prospering. It had taken - as Tom Pepp the bell-ringer phrased it - a spurt. A rich maiden lady of uncertain age, fascinated by Reverend Guy Cattacomb's oratory and spectacles, came over once a day in her brougham from Basham, and always put a substantial coin into the collections bag during the service. The Reverend Damon Puff found favour too. He had a beautiful black moustache, which he was taken to stroke lovingly at all kinds of unseasonable times; his hair was parted down the middle, back and front, and he had an interesting lisp : otherwise he was a harmless kind of young man, devotedly attentive to the ladies, and not over-burdened with brains. Mr. Puff had taken up his abode for the present at Basham, and came over in the omnibus. Two omnibus loads of fair worshippers arrived now daily ; there was frightful scuffling among them to get into the one that contained the parson. But, flourishing though St. Jeromes was, people were talking about it in anything but a reverent manner. Sir Karl Andinnian was blamed for allowing it to go unchecked - as he predicted to his wife. Had Karl been a perfectly free man, unswayed by that inward and ever-present dread, he would certainly put a stop to it long ago, or obliged Farmer Truefit to do so ; but as it was, he had done nothing. The sensitive fear of making ememies swayed him. Not fear for his own sake, but lest it should in some way draw observation on to The Maze and on those it contained. When the mind is weighed down with an awful secret, danger seems to lie in everything, reasonable and unreasonable. But Karl found he had to do something. A comic incident happened one day. There came a lady to Foxwood Court, sending in her card as ' Mrs. Brown' and asking to see Sir Karl Andinnian. Sir Karl found she was from Basham. She had come over to ask him, if he would put a stop to the goings-on at St Jeromes and close up the place. She had two daughters who had been drawn into its vortex and she could not draw them out again. Twice or three times every day of their lives they came over to Foxwood, by rail, omnibus, or on foot : all their thoughts and most of their days were absorbed by St. Jeromes : by the services, by cleaning the church, by Mr. Cattacomb's lectures at home, or in helping Mr. Puff teach the children. Sir Karl replied that he did not know what he could do in the matter, and intimated very courteously that the more effectual remedy in regard to the Misses Brown would be for Mrs. Brown to keep the young ladies at home. They would not be kept at home, Mrs. Brown said with, a burst of emotion : they had learnt to defy her and - she begged to hint to Sir Karl - that in her opinion it was not quite the right thing for a young girl to be closeted with a young man, for a half an hour at a time, under the plea of confession, though the man was a priest. What on earth had they to confess, Mrs Brown wanted to know, becoming a little heated with the argument ; if they'd confess how undutiful they were to her, their mother, perhaps some good might come of it. After this long one-sided discussion, Sir Karl got rid ot Mrs. Brown, but could not shut his ears to the public chatter ; and he was conscious that something ought to be done, or at least attempted. He could not see why people expected him to effect something, even if he wanted to. Mr. Cattacomb might civilly laugh at him. Not knowing whether he had the power to act, he put the question to Foxwood's only lawyer - Mr. St. Henry. But oh, what was this petty grievance to the great trouble ever lying upon him ? Ann Hopley had sent a communication to him, about the night watcher she had seen and of the stranger who afterwards came to the Maze gate with his questions. In addition, about this time Hewitt had told him that inquiries were being made as to The Maze and its inhabitants. Who was pursuing them Karl could not learn. Hewitt did not know who, but was sure of the fact. The story told by Mrs Caffen of the gentleman, or ghost, she had seen on her first night at the Maze, was circulating around the village and reached Karl's ears, to his intense annoyance and dismay. Added to all this, were his concerns as to whether Smith the agent was Philip Salter, and what he should do about that. In his own mind he felt that Smith was Salter, but this was not enough to induce him to act. He felt the danger of speaking a word of accusation to Smith - the danger it might bring to his brother - and therefore, he vacillated and hesitated, and did nothing. Do not reproach Karl Andinnian with being an unstable stable or vacillating man. He was nothing of the kind. But he was living under exceptional circumstances, and there seemed to be risk to his unfortunate brother wherever he looked. If Adam was discovered through any rash steps of his, Karl knew he would carry remorse that would never cease to burden him for the rest of his life. To Be Continued. 