Tales. Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER V. DUMBY'S STARTLING INJUNCTIONS TO BEN, AND HIS SUDDEN DEATH. SHORTLY after Frank went on deck the Wolf began to plunge and roll in an increased degree, and Ben would doubtless have suffered much pain from his broken limb, but for the kindly forethought of his friend in blocking him up in his berth. The oakum had a strong odour of tar, but Ben found that it helped to stifle odours of a less agreeable kind, and the tight padding kept him from rolling about, so his disabled limb was comparatively easy. There he lay and ruminated over past events in his history and tried to penetrate the future; but his misty glances in the latter direction were always downward to the bottom of the sea, where he fancied he saw his body lying on the wreck-strewn rocks, and surrounded by a shoal of ugly fishes. The ominous groans of the Wolf's tim- bers, as the waves thudded against her sides, and the constant clanking of the pumps, were encouraging to the morbid idea that his bunk would be his coffin. Again and again he bemoaned his impetuosity in rush- ing from his native land to meet troubles on sea and on shore, which he might have avoided altogether. He was trying to imagine what his sensations would be when the Wolf gave her final plunge, never to rise again, and how he would feel as the green water rushed down the forecastle scuttle, when he was startled by an unusually heavy groan from Dumby, in the opposite berth, and on looking over he saw him struggling into a sitting posture, while his face bore the ghastly stamp of death. In gasping, sepulchral accents he asked, "What is your name?" "My name!" replied Ben, trembling in every muscle, "my name is Benjamin Bruce." "Bruce! Bruce!" muttered Dumby, and he pressed his hands to his pallid brow, "where did you come from?" "From Sydney, sir," said Ben, who scarcely knew what he was saying. "Oh, from Sydney! Do you believe in the reap- pearance on earth of departed souls? Do you be- lieve in ghosts?" he added, apparently under the im- pression that Ben did not understand his first ques- tion. "Eh?—eh—no, sir; I mean I don't know anything about them," rejoined Ben, and he forthwith began to shout for Frank, with all his might, for the terrify- ing idea flashed into his mind that it was Dumby's ghost that was speaking. "Hush! hush! you silly fellow! What are you afraid of? Hush? I say. I have something impor- tant to tell you." The sick man raised himself in his berth, and his half-imploring, half-commanding look awed Ben into silence. He might have called long enough for Frank without receiving an answer, for he was at the pumps, and the roaring of the wind, and waves prevented his hearing the call. Ben lay still and trembled into a cold sweat. "I do believe in ghosts," continued Dumby, with gasping emphasis, "and I could give terrible reasons tor my belief in them, but I have no time to spare now; my hours are numbered. If the ship had kept steady till we had reached Wellington, I might have had a chance for my life, but this horrid motion will kill me. I am dying now. 'See'st thou thy brother shipwrecked, look well to thy tackling.' Tush man! don't be afraid of me. I could not harm you if I wished to do so. Listen, I have a solemn request to make. You must promise—nay you must swear to me that you will perform it. I vow, with my dying breath, that my ghost shall remind you it you neglect it. I do not willingly impose this task upon you, but I have no alternative. If I could call the captain down I would ask him to do it. I am certain I can not hold out much longer under the painful torture I now suffer, and probably you are the only person who will see me die. Oh, that I should come to this wretched, helpless condition!" Dumby spoke in short, disjointed sentences, and with painful effort to articulate distinctly. At the last sentence he seemed overcome with emotion, but soon recovered his voice, and again he checked Ben for shouting for Frank. "If it would save my life we could not make anyone aft hear our call, so for pity's sake lie still and listen to what I say. You must do me a service, and you may depend upon being well paid for it. Will you promise me to do it honestly?" "I am afraid I shall not live very long myself. We had better wait quietly till Frank comes. I am sure he will do as you ask." "Can you get out of your berth?" asked Dumby, without seeming to heed Ben's excited reply to his last proposition. "Oh dear no, sir, I cannot stir off my back." "Then I must make a last effort," rejoined Dumby, at the same time he struggled out of his berth and stood on the deck, looking like the personification of death. He opened his chest and took thereform a quantity of manuscript, which he made up into a roll and tied it round with a silken guard that was attached to the key of his chest. "That is the last knot I shall ever tie," he said as he fastened the ends of the guard. "I cannot seal this packet, for I have no means of doing it; but see you to it that it is not untied by any other hands than those to whom I am now about to direct it." He then took a pen from his chest, and with shaking hand wrote a name and address upon the parcel and gave it to Ben. "Now, Benjamin Bruce, you solemnly swear, in the presence of a dying man, that you will faithfully preserve this packet from prying eyes, and deliver it to its address." "It pains me to refuse you, sir; but I cannot promise to do that, I may not live, or-----" "Then, of course, death will absolve you from your obligations. Do no dally with me, my good lad! I am getting faint, and my voice will soon be hushed for ever. Swear that you will do your utmost to carry out my dying request. You will certainly de- rive pecuniary advantage by doing so, and perhaps it may put you on the way to fortune, if you are ambitious for what now looks to me as unsubstantial as the froth of the sea." "Where does the person live to whom I am to give the parcel, sir?—that is if I live and am able to do it." "In the north of England. You can read the address." "O dear! How am I to get there, sir? I have no money to pay my way." "Take this key of my chest. There is very little money in it, but there are several articles in it of money value—the diamond ring cost me thirty guineas. Whatever the chest contains I give to you; and rest assured you will be amply rewarded if you deliver this packet safely to its destination. Do you now promise?" "I solemnly promise and vow to do my best to carry out your wishes. I dare not say more than that, sir." "That will do. Give me your hand," He reached over and took Ben's hand into his clammy grasp, and said, "Thank you, my good friend; thank you! Now I have something to say to you, but I must get into my berth again if I can." He then made two or three futile efforts to crawl into his berth, and finally sank down on his chest exhausted, and apparently in excruciating pain. For ten minutes or more his groaning was horrifying. Ben continued to shout for help until he was hoarse, but no help came; he was in the act of crawling out of his berth, dragging his broken limb after him, when Dumby's paroxysm subsided, and he faintly gasped, "Lie still, I have something more to say to you." Presently he asked, "Do you know Melbourne?" "No, sir; I have never been there." "You must go there. Listen! In the bottom of my chest you will find a pencil drawing of Fitzroy Gardens. On the spot, marked with a Greek sign Delta, which is exactly four feet due north from an elm tree, dig with your knife a foot beneath the surface, and you will find a small tin box. Take that box and deliver it to the same gentleman to whom I have addressed the parcel of manuscript. Will you solemnly promise me to do that? Speak up quickly, my man; you can see my time is short. "I can only repeat the promise I made just now, that I will do all in my power to execute your wishes." "I am satisfied. Keep your promise faithfully, and you will have cause to be glad you undertook the executorship of this my last will; but I solemnly warm you again not to open the tin box, nor untie the silken string that binds the packet, or you will have frightful cause to-------" "O, good sir! pray don't say any more!" inter- rupted Ben, who began to quake again before the almost supernatural glare of the dying man's eyes. "I most solemnly vow not to pry into anything." "I thank you again. Forgive me if I have seemed to suspect you; I have so often broken vows myself that I am suspicious of others. There is a pocket Bible in my chest. Alas! it is years ago since I last read it. If I had shaped my life by it's holy precepts I should not be now a hopeless dying wretch in the forecastle of a collier. But it is too late to alter my fate. Too late! too late! You will see my real name written on the flyleaf of the book. The name I have signed in the ship's articles is an assumed one; but it will be well for you to keep this information secret for a while. I am an outcast from society. A guilty polluted wretch, unfit to live, and, O God! I am dreadfully unfit to die. Good Lord have mercy upon me!" The poor man then covered his face with his hands, and wept aloud. Presently he turned towards Ben and was again about to speak, when he was suddenly seized with a fit, blood issued from his mouth, and he fell to the deck in the agonies of death. Ben shouted again for help, but in vain; no one heard his cries. In sheer desperation he struggled out of his berth and crawled to the ladder under the scuttle, but could get no further; over- powered by pain of his broken limb and the shock to his nerves he sank down on the deck, almost beside the writhing body of the dying man. Such a position would be trying to the courage of a strong healthy man, and it is no wonder that poor Ben, whose system was enervated by his sufferings and the unwholesome atmosphere of his hospital, should swoon with terror. How long he was in an unconscious state is uncertain, but on recovering himself there was the ghastly face of his late ship- mate, and to add to its horror the corpse was shaking to and fro by the uneasy motion of the vessel. It would be difficult to imagine a more undesirable position for a man to be placed in. Poor Ben kept muttering Dumby's last appeal, "Lord have mercy upon me?" and alternately shouting for Frank for another hour, which seemed to him an age. At length he saw the rough face of Frank looking down the scuttle, and he exclaimed, "O, Frank! For mercy's sake come down here directly! Frank! Frank! Come down, come down!" "What are you roaring about, boy? I can't leave the deck just now. Two of the weather main shrouds have carried away. I must cover up the scuttle, for we shall be sure to ship a sea while we are wearing round." The scuttle hatch was then put on, and Ben was lost in total darkness. It was a relief to him, for it hid the distorted features of the dead man beside him. The noise of active feet on the deck above him also helped to remove the horrid feeling of loneliness with death. By the movements of the crew he knew that they were putting the vessel on the opposite tack, in order to save the mainmast. The ship wore round without any serious mishap, and soon afterwards the scuttle hatch was removed and Frank descended to the forecastle. "Hallo, my boys? Are you lying on the deck for fun? Mercy 'pon us! Dumby is dead!" he added, in the same breath, as he caught sight of the upturned face of the corpse. "How long has he been lying there, Ben?" "O pray help me into my berth again, Frank, and I'll tell you. I am half dead myself." "Help you into your berth? Why what a simple- ton you must be to get out of it. That leg of yours will be no more use to you than a rotten handspike. Look at that ! Your toes sure slewed round athwart ships!" he added, taking hold of the twisted limb. "Hang on to me, boy. There you are, in your bunk once more, and you had better keep there and lie still till I get time to splice your limb again. When did Dumby slip his moorings? I thought he would not stand this knocking about, poor fellow!" "Sit down for a few minutes, Frank, and I'll you all about it." "Sit down, eh? There is no such luxury for me yet awhile. You are the only fellow on board who can sit down, or lie down, and quietly overhaul your life's reckoning. I must go and help to pass a hawser over the head of the mainmast. It's a burning shame to let a craft come to sea with such rotten gear as we have got on board here." "Throw a blanket over Dumby's body before you go on deck, Frank, and come below as soon as you can; I want to tell you something." "Aye, aye, boy; and we must haul the poor fellow up out of this as soon as we can. I don't fancy hav- ing a dead man in my sleeping crib—it isn't whole some." In somewhat less than an hour Frank came down again, and said that the captain was bearing up for smooth water, under the lea of the land, in order to repair the damaged rigging and to give the hands at the pumps a little breathing time; for which informa- tion Ben was heartily glad. "That poor fellow gave me an awful shake, Frank, when he got out of his berth; and I scrambled out of mine to get on deck, but could not mount the ladder." "I should rather think not," replied Frank, who was busy taking the splints off Ben's leg in order to reset it. "I must ask the mate to come down and lend me a hand with this limb. I shall never get the kink out of it, I'm afraid, and then you will be a hopper for life." "I don't want the mate to hear me tell what Dumby said to me, Frank. I will tell you, but you must keep it secret. Do you believe in ghosts?" "Of course I do, boy. Didn't I see my aunt sitting on the windlass one night, as plainly as I see you now; and on that very night she died in her house on shore, hundreds of miles away from where my ship was. But what do you ask me that question for, Ben!" "O, something Dumby said to me, Frank. I will tell you all by-and-bye." "And I tell you what, shipmate, we'll have him out of this pretty soon. He's dead, poor fellow! and it won't make a bit of odds to him whether we heave him overboard to-day or to-morrow. I'll go aft and tell the captain. CHAPTER VI. THE TWO MATES SCARED OUT OF THE WOLF BY A CORPOREAL GHOST. After the Wolf was hove to under the lee of Mount Egmont, the captain and mate accompanied Frank to the forecastle to inspect the body of Dumby. In reply to questions from the captain, Ben told how that the deceased, in a sort of delirium, had got out of his berth, and when attempting to get into it again had burst a blood vessel, and falling to the deck and died. Ben also explained how he had called for help, but failed to make his voice heard by any one aft until Frank came to cover up the scuttle. But he did not say anything about the commission Dumby had induced him to undertake, and he took care to conceal the parcel of manuscript under his mattress. "Well, the poor chap is dead, there is no doubt about that," remarked the captain, after Ben had finished his statement. "We can't take him to Wellington for the coroner to see him, because there is no saying when we shall get there if this breeze holds on; so he had better be hove overboard as soon as you can get HIm ready. Sew him up decently in his bedding, Frank, and put some big nuggets of coal at his feet—enough to sink HIm. That is his chest, I suppose, below his bunk?" "It was his chest, sir, but it is mine now," said Ben. "He told me that I was to keep it, and all that it con- tained." "Aye, aye, that's an old-fashioned yarn," replied the captain, with a significant shake of his head. "A dead man's gear is pretty safe plunder to stick to if you can manage it, but that ancient game won't answer on board the Wolf while I am master. Make a rope's end fast to the chest and haul it on deck, Murray," he added, turning to the mate. "We must deliver it up to the water police at Wellington, I suppose; in the meantime carry it aft, and stow it under the table in the cabin. You had better make an entry in the log-book of the man's death. Died in a fit you may say." "I think he died from the smashing up he got when he was washed from the pumps," remarked Frank. "The cook says the man went off in a fit, so we log it down at that, anyhow. We can't hold an in- quest on him, and you are not a regular doctor, I suppose; so your opinion goes tor nothing at all. Now then, bear a hand Frank; stitch him up snugly, and when you are ready sing out, and we'll carry him up on deck and then launch him over the side with sailor-like decency. That's all we can do for him now, poor fellow! See if you can find a prayer book when you go aft, Murray." "I'll take my oath that Dumby gave that chest to me, captain," said Ben, appealingly, as the mate was fastening a rope to it. "Yes, I dare say you won't mind doing that, cook. I have known a sailor-man take his oath for a smaller prize than a sea-chest. You had better lie still and mind your bad leg, and never mind things that don't belong to you. Now then, hoist away lads! Heave up, hoy!" and away went Dumby's box up the scuttle and was carried aft to the cabin. Soon afterwards the corpse was lifted up with decent care and con- signed to the deep. When Frank went below again to turn in, after six- teen hours hard work on deck, he was completely fagged; nevertheless he seemed to be reanimated by Ben's existing description of the closing scenes in the life of their late shipmate. "I always said that poor chap was high above the common run of forecastle hands, Ben; but I couldn't make out what he was exactly, because he never would speak two words at a time. If I had been in your place I would have got him to tell me a little more about himself, while he had the use of his tongue. I daresay this writing would tell us all about him. There's a precious lot of it." "I would not untie that string for a coal-basket full of gold dust, Frank," said Ben with unusual firmness, "so never even hint at the thing to me. Honour bright, Frank, I will keep my promise if I am able to do it, for I don't want to be ghost-haunted as long as I live. I wish I could get that other paper and the Bible out of Dumby's chest. I don't know where to dig for the tin box without the chart of the Fitzroy Gardens that he spoke of; and we should find out his real name if I could get hold of his Bible. I wonder if the captain would let me look inside the chest for a minute, if I were to explain a little to him about what I wanted?" "Not he, you may be sure of that, and you had better not ask him, or he will say you are a false swearing thief, as he did before; and perhaps he will give it you in plainer English next time, and a kick to help you to remember it. Look you, Ben, if you like to say I shall go snacks with you in this little job, whatever it turns up, I'll lend you a hand to work it. Two heads are better than one, you know, and I have had more experience of the world than you have, besides it may be necessary for you to have a living witness of Dumby's death alongside of you, or some- body may be saying you killed him and then stole his traps. Don't you see that, boy?" "Yes, Frank, that's very true. I must go care- fully to work or I may get into trouble. I have told you all I know about it, fair and straightforward, be- cause I have an idea that I can safely trust you. You have been very kind to me since I have been disabled, and I shall never forget your care. If there is any- thing to be made out of this job of Dumby's I shall be very willing to share it equally with you, but you must help me to perform what I have promised to do." "All right, Ben, that's a bargain, and here's my hand on it. You may trust an old man-of-war's-man for being up to the mark on a pinch. I'll stick to you, my boy, like a dab of pitch on a soldier's jacket. After I have had a snoose I will begin to think about the best plan to go to work in this affair." "It puzzles me how we are to get to Melbourne first of all, and from there to England, Frank." "Don't bother your head about that just now, boy. That will be easy enough for fellows who can work on board ship. What I want to think of first and fore- most is, how we are to get at Dumby's chest. But I must sleep on it. I have not had a single wink for twenty-five hours. Good night, Ben." Frank then rolled into his berth and was soon fast asleep. A few days afterwards the Wolf anchored in the port ot Wellington, and the captain went on shore, taking two hands with him in the dingy. In the evening the chief and second mates were sitting in the cabin playing at drafts, and there was no one else on board save Frank and Ben. "I have had a scheme hatching in my head for three days, Ben, and, if I can carry it out handsomely, I shall be able to overhaul Dumby's chest to-night; but if my cheatery is found out I can pass it off as a bit of skylarking, and there will be no harm done, ex- cept perhaps getting my head punched, for there will be two to one against me." "What are you going to do, Frank?" asked Ben, peeping out from his berth at his messmate, who was looking hopefully merry. "This is it, boy. I mean to play the ghost and scare the mates out of the cabin. I have got some gear that will disguise me, and if I can manage to pipeclay my face nicely I shall make a likely looking sprite." "But what if they should use their revolvers, Frank?" "Nobody ever thinks of firing at a ghost, boy. At any rate I'll chance that. I am pretty well used to being shot at. I guess they will be too scared to think of their pistols; but if they should be over plucky, I can sing out in time that it is only a lark." "It's a hazadous lark, Frank. I don t like even to joke about ghosts." "Neither do I, Ben, but we must have that paper out of Dumby's box somehow, and if we don't get it to-night our chance is gone, for the box will be taken on shore to-morrow, and perhaps we shall never see it again. Here goes for it, hit or miss." Frank then besmeared his face and beard with a stiff mixture of pipeclay and water, and tied a towel about his head. He next put on a long white shirt, with Dumby's oilskin over it, and then walked aft barefooted as noiselessly as a genuine ghost. He peeped down the skylight at the mates, who were intent on their game, and gave a smart blow on the deck with a rope's end. "What was that?" asked the chief mate. "A rat, I suppose," said the other; "go on, it is your move." Frank then gave a hollow groan, whereupon both men suspended their game and looked at each other in amazement. "That wasn't a rat, I'll swear," said the chief mate. Frank groaned again, and the men started to their feet. Frank then thrust his white face and part of his body down the skylight, and groaned louder than before. "O thunder! it's a ghost Dumby's ghost?" exclaimed the terror- stricken mates simultaneously, and rushed towards the companion stairs. Frank thereupon ran forward to the forecastle, and whispered to lie still, and to laugh with his mouth shut. The mates forthwith lowered down the jolly boat and got into it and seemed hesitating whether to push off from the ship, or get on board again; when Frank went to the main rail and groaned thrice, and threw his arms out like danger signals and showed his white figure in full. The mates did not stay a moment to look at him, but out with their oars and pulled away with all their might towards the landing-place. Frank then went into the cabin and opened Dumby's chest, of which Ben had the key; and after a good deal of rummaging he found the pencil sketch he was in quest of, also the pocket Bible. He then relocked the chest and returned to the forecastle; and after washing his face and putting off his ghostly attire, he turned into his berth, and there he lay and enjoyed a hearty laugh at the success of his manœuvring. "That trick was cleverly done, Frank," remarked Ben, after he had laughed until his sore leg began to suffer from the exercise. "Trust an old sailor for knowing a thing or two out of the common way," replied Frank, putting on a philosophing air which he sometimes assumed. "That is what I call a gentle appeal to the men's feelings, and you see how nicely it has operated. I might have talked hard logic to them for a month, and they would not have seen the lawfulness of letting me put a finger inside Dumby's box; and perhaps they would hunt me forward with a belaying pin about my ears if I had gone aft to argue the point with them. Officers in small crafts are usually testy sort of fellows if you touch their dignity at all." "You ran a great risk of being severely thrashed to-night, Frank." "Not so much as you think, boy. I know human nature a bit, especially as it shapes on shipboard. The chief mate is a sailor every inch of him, and the second mate is no fool, though he is Geordie-built, and served his time in a chalk-barge. If I had pointed a seven-pounder gun down the skylight they would have been astonished no doubt, but it would not have scared them half so much as that little bit of pipeclay did that I daubed on my face; at any rate, they would have stood to be blown into chips sooner than take to the boat and desert the ship. Ha, ha, ha! Sailors don't like any truck with ghosts; they hate them." "I don't think landsmen like ghosts either, Frank." "Perhaps not, boy; but landsmen, in general, are not so superstitious as seamen are. The long lon- some night watches at sea helps to breed ugly fancies in a fellow's brain. There is a pretty lot of ghost- mongery carried on on shore I dare say, beside what they do at the play-houses; but I should be a hum- bug if I scandalized others for trickery that I have just practised myself, so I will belay my yarn on that subject and talk about something better." "Shall I tell you what I have been thinking about you, Frank, for several days past, as I have lain here all alone?" "Yes, tell me if you like, shipmate. Your thoughts will do me no more harm if you tongue them out than they will do if you keep them bubbling in your brain, and perhaps they may do me good to hear them. Out with them, Ben—but stay, keep quiet a bit, I hear a boat coming alongside. Hush, not a word. I'll blow the light out." "Wolf ahoy!" shouted somebody at that moment. The hail was repeated again and again, but Frank lay still in his berth and did not reply. Presently foot- steps were heard on deck, and a bull's-eye lantern was put down into the forecastle, and a voice asked, "Where is your anchor watch?" "Hallo! who's that!" cried Frank, feigning to be just aroused from a nap. "Here, show yourself on deck. Where is the anchor watch?" asked an authoritative voice, which Frank recognised as belonging to the water police officer." "The mates are aft in the cabin," said Frank, drowsily. "Are they? Go aft and tell them to come forward to me." Frank accordingly went aft, and in a short time returned and, with an astonished air, reported that the mates were not in the cabin. "Is anybody else there?" asked the officer. "No, sir, nobody except my messmate with a broken leg, down in his bunk." "He is not in the cabin, is he? Stupid head!" Frank slyly chuckled to himself, and tried to look as if he were very stupid indeed. The captain and mates and several water policemen then came on board, all well armed, and a search was made through- out the ship. Frank kept beside the searchers and seemed very anxious to learn who or what they were trying to find; whether they were expecting a bolter from Sydney, or suspected contraband goods among the coals in the hold. "Have you seen or heard anybody or anything on board the ship this evening?" asked the police officer, with a searching look at Frank. "I did hear a bit of a noise aft at a about eight bells, but I thought it was the mates skylarking in the cabin, and of course I did not think it was my duty to look after them, sir. I never saw nobody till your honor's lantern------" "There, there, that's enough of your slackjaw! Go forward!" After a little private conversation between the police officer and the captain, the latter testily observed, "that it was all a yarn about the ghost." His mates could not have been drunk, he knew, for there was no liquor in the ship; but he suspected they had invented the story for an excuse to get on shore to have a glass or two. That opinion he plainly expressed, much to the disgust of the chief mate, who solemnly protested that he had never tasted grog in his lifetime. An angry scene ensued, and there would probably have been some fighting but for the interference of the water police. Finally the chief mate emphatically declared "that he would not stay another hour in a rotten ghost-haunted old tub, with a skipper who had no more manners than a Maori pig." He then got into the jolly boat again, and the second mate—who was even more pungent in the expression of his sentiments—followed his leader; and away they went towards the shore, hoping that the incredulous captain might get scalped, or be carried bodily off by the ghostly visitor, which had nearly scared them out of their wits. 