THE MAGAZINES FOR JANUARY. I TJIE arrival of the mail steamer, Nubia, han placed I us in possession of our' usual files, ' frc m whioh il I appears that the Magazines Bhow no signs of retro ' gression, but, on the contrary, promis a to bias-in- teresting tn 1872 as ihey woro in the previous year I Sovtral new talcs have been oommonced, and, of course, aooording to custom, a plentiful crop of lovera' troubles, of heart- breaking incidents, and of final deaoucements are in store for readers, and all warranted to take placo before the end ot next December. Such are the pleasures of Burial litera- ture. GOOD Wonna contains the opening chapters of two new stories by: veteran writers-Mr. Trollope and' Mrs. Oliphant-the tale told by the former being entitled the ' Golden Lion of Granpere,' while that by the latter is called ' At His Gates.' Mossrs. ttraohun and Co., spare noither expense nor pains to muko their publications interesting to thc readers for whom they oater. Mr. Trollope's story isl intended, we should think, chiefly to depict lifo as 1 it appears in Alsaoe. The following picture of Gran pei e shows what we presumo Alsatian villages are, or at least what they might be, if the fancies of the novelist wera to bo realized in faot: Qranpere In itself ls a very pleasing; village. Though tbs amount of population and numbor ot nausea do nos aufflco to malio it inure than a vlltago, it covora so large a «pseo r.f I rronnd as tlmontto glv« lt a claim to town honours. H Is perhaps a full milo In length ; and though it h»» but one «treat there nra buildings standing hare and tb ero, back from the line, whioh make« it acorn to stretch beyond the narrow confines of a single tho'onghfare. Io moat Kronen villages soma of the hennas are high and spadoni, but here they scam almost all to be so And many ot them hava boen con- structed alter that Independent fashion which al wat s gire] to a bouas In a «trret a character and Importance of Ita own. They do not «tand In a «Imple Hoe. each eunportcd hy Ihn atreni-th of Ita neighbour, but occupy their own ground fac- ing thia way or I bat aa each may ploa.se-, ptcaentlug bera n Coi nor to the m»la streut, and lhere an end. There aro little gardens, r.nrt blt atabl-a, and commodious barna ; and periodical paint with annual whitewash li not wanting Tho unattnted «latos ahina copiously under the aun, anil over ftlmoit every other door 'hero la alargo lettered rioaid which Indicates that the retident within la a dealer In tho linen whl h la produced throughout the countiy. All iheso thing« toïcther give to Granper« an air of prosperity and »omfort. which la not at all cheeked by the fact that thero ls lo the placa no mansion which we Euell Union would call the gentleman's house, nothing approaching to the ascendancy of a pariah sqntre, no baron's castle, »0 manorial hall,-not oven a ohafan to overshadow the modest roofs of tho dealers la th« Haan In th« Vusgos. And the scenery round Groupers ls Terr pleasant, though tho neighbouring hll's nover rise to toe m'E"'n""naa of I mountains, or proilucu that grandeur which tomlin desire whou thor t'av.,1 in search ot the beauties ot Nature. H ls a spot to tova if you know ic well, rather than to visit with hope« ral« A high, and to leave with vivid impressions. Theta la watnr 1.. atmnilanca ; a pretty laho \y\n/ at tuo ftrot of «loping hi l«, rivulets running tlown from thu high uppir lands »'.U turning many a modest wheel In their cuttr,o, n waterfall or two biro and thoro, and a so-called mountain summit within an easy rllstanc». from whonoo tho su i rosy ba sean to rise among tho Swiss mountains ;-and dls'ant perhaps thron mllfs fi om the village the main river which mus down the valley makes for it>elf a wild ravine, just where the bridge on tho now rout to Munster crosits thu wator and ho'ps to excuso the people of Granpore for claim- ing for themselves a gr«»t objeot et Datura! attraotlou. 'J ho bridge and thu ilvjr aud thj ravine are very p'oity, ami porhsps Justify all that tho vii log'rs say of thom wh>,n they sing to ti avelon tho praiies of their country. There is mnoh pleasant rending in tho prrsont number in addition to the first instalment of thc new stories. . _ THE CoiiKnrxii continues tho story of the Ple- biscite, end continues it in a most interesting mini- ner. The article entitled ' Spain ; Her Manners and I Amusements,' is, as we might expect it to he, a light uni readable article, but, withal, eminently suggen j live of the Semi- civilization of the Spanish propio. i There must be some element of horror in tho com J position of a people who can take delight in bull fights as they ere now managed in Sp..in. I I appears that at thess pastimes nothing bet actual carnage will please and satisfy the tustos of thi i multitude Exhibitions of this sort will, wo hope. ( soon go out of fashion even in Spain, and certainly they would not be tolerated in Sydney. They ro not possess even the cquivooul merit of boirg encountora between a skilful horseman, and a wild animal, hut oro merely exhibitions of carnage t,nd butohery. We must not, however, be too hard upon the Spanish people, who regard bullfights as their national pastime, seeing that we havo our own prize- fights an I bruising matches, in whioh two mon, fur tho sake of money, do their beBt to natter each other into shapeless and swollen masses of flem' and blood while a certain circle stand round, and constitute an applauding public Whilst these things con- tinue amongst us, and are applauded by us, it would be at least discreet on our parts to say but little about the barbarism of the r-paniarda Tho wri'.er of the uaper alluded to suva that of a bull fight: ,| An honost description would bo slckonlng. It would bo a plc tu ra of a shambles : a llvoljr sketch of a teachers yard ; something that would not bo allowed to be hung up tn a Smithfield taproom. It may Boom unfair to say that tho modern buliaght ia a «how whore people go to BOO broken down cabhoraoa ripped np by half-wild bull«. Bat th!« ia th» exact truth nevertheless ; f nd tho proof of it ia. that all com- promise», all dl«ptBy« of trained bull» or bulla with tlppod horns: moro feat« of manly agility and grace, un-ccora. panted with downright »laughter, flanks streaming with Roro, and entrails trailing In tho dust-»ll such displays of which tortur«f»rm«norart, fall.ntterly flat, and hardly meet a..y nattonsve Tho yells fer ?caballos' when the csrnago ruLS ¡hort, show what tho publie w«nt: and they aro con ont to wait far tho concluding chapter, th« butchery of tho bull, till they hayo soon somo moro «crow« kicking In anguish upon the sand. Anciently, as «lill in thtory. thy bullOirht wis a combat between a well-mnuntsil and skllfnl horseman, with assistants on foot, and a wild animal. But it has degene- rated. Uko everything .else, till the plessnre of seidng a «crew's sido turned to receive Iho bull's horns has beo'iino tho c««-n»l«l pleaanro of tho holiday. If the bull stops to goro a half-dead horse, in running round tho arena, thoro Is a gouo ral laugh. The paper entitlSd . Hours in a Library,* and which is devoted to Thomas Fuller, opens with a passage which serves to convey a -very olear idea of tho contrast between the art-rosourcea of the present day, and those of a few hundred years ago. Tho writer says : In the prêtent enlightened period tho road to learning 1; carefully macadamlaed. AU hindrances are awopt aside, and overy appliance uaod to holp tho tottering footitepa towards the dealred goal. Grave profesora condescend, to act as Baldes to Infanta, and cunning artlata heaullfy every haltlnc Llace with glowing pictures, designed with tho atrictest regard to historio»! accuracy. So at least I am informed, and, as In duty hound, I bollovo tho change to be an Improvement. To mo. however, lt happened that In one department ol learning the text-book of my Infancy was of tho old-fashioned kind. Such knowledgo aa I poascsaod of tho geography of tho Holy Land waa dotlved from tho pages ot a goodly folio, with cover blackened hy tho thumhi of «om" six genoratlona of reader«, and with grotojqno engravlnga whtrh wonld revolt a crltlual Instinct ripened by three modem anmmera. These last afTeoted to he mapa ot tho torrltorlea of tho twelvo tribes of Israel. It was lmposslblo to doubt of tho üdollty of tho local colouring, for the trees by which thoy were profusely sprinkled bad boon obviously copied to tho lifo from that peculiar species which «till llourlshoa In our Noah's arks : certain graven Imagos prosorvod In tho same musottma vouched for tho truth to naturo of sundry Intorcating mon- dera-tho ravens, for Instanoe, which wore bringing largo rolla for a very small prophet-and tho beare who wore tear- ing tho forty-two children to (as I muot confesa) my never falling delight. Thore waa. Indocd, no groat need for tho geographer topourtray 'olcphanla for want of towna. The smallest village waa Indicated hy a clout« of dletlnotly drawn houses, and in the Intervals the varioue incidents of old Testament history crowdod ovory vacant apaoa. Whom other obJ«ots wore wanting tho »rm« ot tho tribes worn blaionofl with due horaldlc acouracy : Dan, for example, had for hie cogniaanco, vert, a snake nr adder argent nowed : and Issaclur an MS argent In a Cold vert, couchant bolween two bnrrions : thongh lt ls fair to add a certain approximation »o tho historical sonso was indicated by tho statomon t that Dan could not have an eagle for bia crest, for tho excellont reason that crests wore 'not invented in that ago.' Tho natural history however waa moro exciting than the horaldry. MACMILLAN B MAOAZINS has, tho oommencomsnt of a Btory whioh promises to bo of unusual intorest, and whíoh rejoiooB in tho somewhat extraordinary title of 'The Strange Adventures of a Pbcoton. A family party having determined io travel from Hampshire, as for northwards as the necessities of tho tale may require, start on their journey. Tho maohinory is ample, and it would appear from tho following extract that tho writer's descriptive powers aro quito equal to tho task he has undertaken. Wo expect much plonsant reading from Mr. Blaok's pen in thiB story. Tho party are in their phioton wbtoh hart just started on its ndvonturea from a conching house in Holborn. A. little tossing of hoad» and prancing, a llttlo adjustment cf trio reins, and a Anal look round and then wo glldo Into tho wild and roaring alroam ol vehicle»-that mighty ourrent of rolling van», »nd hoavy waggon», »nd (crowded Bayswater omntlmtca, of dexterous hansoms and indolent lour-wkoelori, of browor"s draya »nd pout offlco carte and r.oateimongors harrow». Over tho great thoroughfare with lt» Quaint and huddled home», and Ita lnnumorablo shops. In which sliver watchca and stocking*, and »nuaagos form -prominent teaturca, thoro dwoll a Uno blue »ky and whlto clouda that aoom oddly dljcoloured. Tho »ky, aeon tlirotigh a curloua pnll of mt«tnnd »moko, la only gray, and tho eloudo aro dlatant «nd dinky and yellow. Uko thoio of an old landscape that baa lain for years In a broker'» «hop. Thou Ibero ls a faint glow ol sunlight ihlnlng along tho honnoa on tho northam «Ido of thu atreot ; »nd hero and thoro tho window of some lobster «hop or tavern glints bock the light. A» wn got farther woatwsrd, tho «ky uverhe«d gita dearer, and tho diameter ofu tho thoroughfare allora, lloro wo aro at tho «treot loading ap to tho Brltlrh Museum-a Mudlo and ft Moses on each hand-and lt would almost seem as If tho Museum had «cat out ray« of Influença to «cato around lt a seriaa of »maller collections. In placo of the humble flab mongorand tho familiar ho»lor, wo have owners of large win- dow« filled with curious treaanre« of art-old-fashioned Jewollary, knick-knacks of furnltoro/sllvjrsponnaI and kettle» ind stately portrait» of tho timo of Chuleo II.. In which th« women hara all beaded black eyes, yellow curls, [ and a falso complexion, while tho mon uro fat, pimipous, and wlpgod AV es* ward «till, and we np prono!) tho litigo simps und warehouses of Oxford-street, wu uro the lut wavei of fa<Monanle Hfa, acetrine; milliner* beat on tlie eaaturu barriers th nt Bim« out the rest of London. Regen t-s tr oct ia Imsy on thi* qut«t af ernoon ; and Boil asks In a whisper whethur tho c untftunn or Blucher, now sit- ting behind un, ^ocs not betray tn hin aros whit ho thinks of thin v*st artow of «calitv Listening for a moment, we hoar th it Queen Tltinia, Instead of Ulk Inf? to him about tho shops, la trying to tell him what Landon wis in the last century, and how Colonel Jack anrl his associates, before that enterprising youth started to walk from London to Edin- burgh to avoid tho law, used to w«r!ay travellers In the fl old li- li ot ween Gray's Inn and t. Pane as, and haw. having rt obed a coach .between lïyde-park Gate and Kn tah tanridge they ' we t over the flold* to Chelsea,* Thia display of erudition rn tho part of my lady has evidently been prepared before hind ; for alie tvo i ROOS tho length of quoting dates and furnlahlt'g a few statistics-a thlDg which no woman doe* Inadvertently. However, when wo git Into rail-mall, her Ignu'anaiof the rm nu« of tVe clubs rove alfi the fl ti por fl cl al i tinturo of her acquirements ; for »von Boll la able to recognise tho Reform, asslated, doubtlors, by tho polished pillara of the Carlton. Tho women sro, of conreo, enjor to know which is tho Ptinon of Walra'a Club ;sand than look with quito a peculiar intoreat cn the bi lek wall of Marlborou;h House. The teat of tho story, so far as it has ßono, is equally well told. Similar praise is fairly a jrardablo to the wi ¡ter of a pacer on the current . st raet ballads of Ireland. The writer aooounts for tho origin of a groat deal of Trieh ballad mlstrclsy on the hypothesis indicated in tho following extraot: It should bs noted that the Trish atroot-ballad has nothing but its bad typo anti paper In common th« Catnaeh doggie! sung by tua bawling va*»ooi.u« vrko u*. « ««MI*.,,« »nd KUUOV Ilter<turo about London. It ia rt.roly, lmloxl, coarao; it Ia never cor actoualy blasphemous Tho .rufllani in co lego gowns who here attend ¿ark meitlngs, chanting a mock litany and mock hymns, would bo stilpped of their trappings, and j>iOt>ably ^ntundfr a pump hy *n lilah luOb beforo they bad well roared through thalntroduc'lonof their entertainment. Th« »nrMence rf the Irlab balled-monger and aInger nerer relhhnu Indecent or Irrevorent allusion. They onjoy fun, pathos, and ai odd kind of gentility-ya, gentility ls tho word-tn tho verses Th« ballads'aro thickly ornam-ntod with big words thrown inti thom for tba aako of display rather than of «en«e They havo an air of waged boastful loliol i ship. I li at is quito lndeacrlbable. Iïefcrencea to cla«a!o deltli'B and nanioi aro abitnd«nt; and Virgil . vic!, and . nmoraro a'luded to in a tono of confident acquaintance with th-se writers. Th« t e\ that most of tho oidor ballads wnre mtmifaoturad by tho hedge-school- master* and poor eaho'ars, us they war» culed. The l cdgo schnolmister w«a not unfroi,ueutIy an aspirant for bdrejeelen tn Mayno"th, who underwent a severo courin of aol'-prepar- ation by acquiring i-nme knowledge of Latin and (li<>ek. Ilivlt" failed in bia main on tc pr Iso, having dlronvorcd that ' he bad no ' vocation,' t?>.. sv]r.cted or dlia«polntod candidato for tho priesthood, unfit for Held labour, and too old to loaru a tMdu, poiaetaing pedant c pride in his loaming, auch aa it WHB, usually sot up as a t" "* *" *- "'" v.jl'.:'. -if "Li Indi bard and poet of hla parish. To hiv we aro probably lmlobtmlforthatnytlioloilcai.. ,ol,inoi. : -un balla-:. TWrr . oloment lita boen maintained lu tho cuiront lyrics with al' gular fliloll y to the traditional construction of the lays of tho ditch-pedagogues. . ArnoiiRBt tho samples of ballad minstrslay ?which, ho irives, I'B tho following correct version of tho song nilled H0II7 A&toro; which,'on account of the beauti- ful and flowing melody t" <vhinh it is nnunlly snuff, may be heard with slight variations in all lends from Britain to j apan : - Asdown on TJmica'ii bank» I strayed On« marni' g in iu-y, Tho llulo Mn!» vt Uli blithest notos Mudo vonni every limy : They song their llttlo tales of love. They stine thom o'er and o'er A grammaoh co Ma Colleen Ogno, Ma Molly Astoro. The daisy plod and all tho tweets Tho dayaof nstu'o yMd. The prlmrnso p«lu. tho vlolotbluo. Lav so»ttciod oVrtho oelrt ; Such frxgr^no i on tho bosom Iles Ol her whom 1 adore. A giamtnsclitee. Ma Co'.loon Oguo, Ma Molly Astoro. Ob, had l-l! the donia that grazed Onyond.iry.lU.whlll, Or Invert f r me tho numerous herds That yon gro-n pastures Bil, Iforhi-r ' lovo ld freely par. My kind and fleecy > toro. A gramtnsuhree, At« Colleen Oguo, Ka Molly Aston I Thon faro theo well, my Molly dear. For theo I'll ever mourn : "While Ufo remains in Patrick's broast, For thee 'twill ev*r burn. Tho" thou »rt falso, may heavon lour , li's uholoitat blosalcgk down. A gramtnauhreo, MM. Colleen 0&uo;, Ma Molly Astoro. PT. TAUI/B in distinguished hy the first of a jenM. of papers on Iiit-rary Legislators, which premise te bo of great interest. Tho present paper «ndeav«urt to disprove tho nonsense which tho writor.tells UB hus been freely uttered respecting thu early oareer of Mr. Disraeli: He tells us that It ls nttor nonsense to wtlto of hlr having begun life as a ioUd'oi's clots: anti thon as a friendless young adventurer, struggled upwards through poverty end ono knows not what. I think I have seen «nute auch language aa that, whoa Mr. niaiaell wtoto 'laina In Uoaven.' ho ' snapped his On gora at the world In ragged bK .'mont* "What next? Mr. Disraeli was from Uta fir- . ' II soelety," tu aso tho ordinary lunsuage : ho had tho h >. . culturo of his day to statt with ; ho had travellon ' had easy accosa to rich and influential people; ho « -t iiovor poor, In tho true adven- . tutor's seme of the word (I speak, not from any knowledge of his purs*, which Is no business of anybody's, hut from, tup natuie of tho caso) : and In aword, granted his groat capaci- ties, thoro wer o no'Xtrantous dlfllcnltles in his path, except hi* Hebrew deao-nt. An* thoro a. o two sidos avon to that nuostlun, for- »gain granting lil» groat capacities-thoro si;-i nn «lomen tot fasoin. lion in it, as well os of repulsion Tho Btory rf tho man's ilfo and achlovoraouts ls quito tcmsrkaWe enou«h wlhoitt »ny of this exaggerating nnd Inconsistent twaddle. I vonluro to as«oit that tho caaot politlón of Mr. DI«raell would havoheon impoaalbla tohlm if thoio had boon, any * ragged bedevilment ' in tho case. To pursue lils preciso earner it «aa an abkoltttoly csaontlal antecedent condition that a man should l.o horn a gentleman, should have culture and travel, should have a k-y to 'socloty . within hi» oaay roach if not in his gr»»p, knd should not bo poor in any such sonso u would magniry tho achlovomont of bccomlnß a very tiromlnont political ligure. .Among tho Hobiides' is pleasantly and desorio tivoly written. The writer says ' It ia dimcult to convey to a atrangor'a mind tua utter lonç 1'ncsa und desolation of tho wholo land>o«po of wl ich IKJCII UI II ol forma a part. Wild weltering arma of seawater with deep-rod atali.a and blotcliea of outlying wood : flat, groen, unwholcsoino Ulanda airewod with slok'y groyatono : vast atrntohoa of low moot land, broken by wulla gleams of froali wator lochana, whince tho wild sea-dock arlao wl<ha startled cry i larger froah-water lochs, very shallow and bao*, with KEBDilo bouldora and oral a rising out of thom Uko Jagged , tooth ; tho bisher hills purple with heather at tho lune and middle, but rising abruptly Into peaka ot lurid eran! c ¡roch are soróo of the featuiea which etriko tho oyo wi ora nothing ta aoon eave In dotali, where there la no genoral eiract aavo. that of a map, or of ibo ana In atoim aa aoen from ft moun- tain The prevailing tono of all Il a dreamy Srey-tho grey of tho raln'-oloud which Hosting hither over tho Aa*n"? brcaka here Into da-k vapour and wreathe of wool-whlto mlrt. All la atlll, aolen.n, oolourleaa, lara whero the ann transforms all Into wondrous brightness; s tva whoio tho thruleratorm bursts, with Ita brliiht purple voids and .forked crlmaon llghta'; save where the r.Uor. hore gMterln* with all too huas of tho priam, at r:. out nf tho ssa 1 ko a spirit, aaa where, as«In anaw.r toasroll rainbows tnnumetallo laano out of tho low lying venoms andaprcad themrelvM »lliUrlng over tho liles. On every tide al retches the so», with "«.«at- iesa voice-, to tho cat tho Mlnçh, with a far-off view ot misty Syke i to tho wost, tho At a'.tlo Ocean, thundering cn open Banda as ghastlr lu tint as a dead raan'a face.. Tho. habttatlnna ot man aro fow. and acsttmd In tho moat lone y and unexpected rcoe-aoa. At a flrsarapproaoh, there la scarcely a sign of hum.nity, nnlesa Inwood tho rcd-aailod flshlng sklff be crawling cit to tho 1. bater bcd.In tho, «a. or tho «moke ot thohoathor Are bo rising from tho aldos of tho soil M"nt, which beautlflis und spiritualises »U earthly things and acuno», Is lovely on I-ocli Utlbol ; and the wild mingled outlines of land «nd waior grow terribly patbotlo In the silvern light of tho moon and tho fluttering phosphor o*ccnco ot the aurora. As wo creep along up tho fjord in our bolt, hearkening to tho aolltury song, the prospect changos around us ns lu soma fairy lalo. Sound dusky points whore tho cormorants flutter their wings and preen their plumage in the moon ; through shallow bays with eanCy shorei, wlieronn tho heron «talks Ilk" a ghost, knoo-doop, with hts black shadow In tho silvern pool, and where tho mir- rored stars areas drops of pearla in tho shimmering tido; through narrow blank pottages wilora tho sea-pigs aro flonn- . dering with unearthly oohes. Wo may very well comporo taie description with tho poom entitled 'Winter in the Highlands of Scotland,' of course, hut any othor highlands would do ns well, which appears in Oassell's Magazino fe» this month. Tho Burd says : - Never a sound on tho whitened moors, noyer a footstep sound, X vn«t wild waste of hestherland, for roany » mlle around ; A alienee broken by no velen aavo tho walling plover's cry, Bnow-flakoa feathering tbiough tho air, to tho ground, from tho leaden sky. Never a tread savo the red wild deer's, la tho lose, désertent glen, No curling smoko from a cottage roof, no track, no slgu of man; But tho goshawk sails 'o'er the wide expanse, and tho merlin circles wide Ash« marks hil prey, and the eagle soars lo the crags on tho ' mountain ama. Orana ara these nigUlantl sollluüos, drama In their rolo ct enow. Grand aro tbs whlle-wioatliod mountain peaka, M tb ey tower o'er the Taloa bolow ¡ , Grand, too, la Natur«'» winter hymn, and her allon« voice auburn». Aa »ba gratefully obanU liar paean of oralie to tho Cod who rultth Tim». The publications of all aorte of Qunrtorlion and Monthlies, and Weeklies, and Fortnightlies, which swarm from tho press dnriag this month, ore ar» numerous, that tho moro mention of tholr names would swell .the notloo beyond tho limits assigned to it, and theroby exclude what to roc dsrB, persans would bs more interesting matters. Amongst fno< new serials, we notice the ' Congregationalist,' and the 'Preacher's Lan torn ' both of which aro dofoUd to theological suhjsote, and ' intendod to strengthen tbs hearts of all «ho aro loyal to tho oomiaon faith.' 