HOBART TOWN. (From our own Correspondent.) The T.S.N.Co., at their half-yearly meeting on Wednesday, declared a dividend of 8 per cent. Some few shareholders wanted a bonus of 2 per cent besides, but it was shown that until the new vessel—ordered by authority of a previous meeting—had been paid for it would not be expedient to interfere with the sum in reserve. The chairman alluded to the complaints respecting excursion fares, and put an extinguisher upon any cavilling on the subject by asserting that acting in the interests of the shareholders the directors did not think it desirable to adopt the suggestion made. Looking at the tiling from a shareholders' or directors' point of view this may be very well, and it illustrates the truth of what has often been urged that the Company only study their own interests, and not those of the community on whose patronage they subsist. But it may be asked, would it be to the interest of the shareholders were an opposition boat or two Laid on for the summer season ? And would it not be for the interest of the shareholders to have an addition to the population of the southern and northern capital for a few months in the year ? Surely the extra trade that would be done and money put into circulation would be for the general good ; even if cheap fares were adopted at a trifling cost to the Company it would be of advantage to the place, and indirectly the shareholders would receive the benefit. But the probability is that the immense increase of passengers would amply repay the extra worAig expenses, and prove to the very cautious and very particular directory that their ideas of economizing were somewhat strained. An alteration in the victualling arrangements on board the Company's boats could, in the opinion of a great number of voyagers, be made for the better, for by insisting on people paying for meals that they don't consume the travelling proclivities of people of moderate and limited means are very much checked. Then, it is said, the Vneans of accommodationinHobartTownandLauncestonare already taxed to the utmost; the hotels are full, the boarding houses are full, and there is difficulty in obtaining lodgings at private houses. Well, admitting the truth of all this, should we not adapt the supply to the demand, and take care that there should not be an outcry for accommodation in seasons to come ? Many persons deplore the absence of a commodious hotel on the American system, where people might regulate their expenditure by carte, and be able, in arranging for their summer and autumn trips, to calculate their expenses to a fraction. Enterprise, where art thou 1 Mr Anthony Trollope's lecture at the Odd- Fellows' Hall, last week, was attractive, and the object in aid of which it was given, the Cathedral Building-Fund, did not render it less so. If the question were asked whether Mr Trollope be a better lecturer than novelist, it would not be difficult to answer in the negative, and probably some of the delighted readers of "Dr. Tliorne," "The MacDermotts," "Barchester Towers," <fcc., experienced a shade of disappointment at the lecture. However, Mr Trollope was greeted with a hearty welcome, and his lecture was "vociferously" (that's the word, I think) applauded from beginning to end. The subject " Works of Fiction as a means of recreation for young people," was appropriately chosen, and ably treated; and I presume the northerners will have an opportunity of testing for themselves the respectable lecturing powers of the " great novelist." Mr Graves's design of a pleasure excursion to Adventure Bay, last Wednesday, succeeded admirably. About 400 visitors from the other colonies and citizens well freighted the good steam-ship City of Hobart, and a most agreeable trip was enjoyed. There was abundant fishing in the bay and adjacent waters, and black perch, white perch, and bream were caught by the lady and gentlemen anglers. Bags and baskets were filled with the finny treasures, and it was quite curious to see tlie_ excursionists landing and trudging homewards'with their burdens. It is, of course, understood that it was a subscription affair, the charge for chartering the vessel having been more than met by the contributions of the citizens, who cheerfully supported the project. I should not be surprised if the visitors proposed to return the compliment by giving a trip to the citizens. People are beginning, though late, to devise means for the amusement of visitors, for we have a great many visitors left in Hobart Town, notwithstanding the numbers who have gone to take part in the Launceston Carnival. There is to be an afternoon steam excursion to-morrow, got up by the Foresters; a quiet excursion on Thursday, to and from New Norfolk; an organ recital at the Town. Hall to-morrow evening, when professionals from the different colonies are expected to perform on the grand organ. This evening, the sixteenth concert of the Orchestral Union is to come off, when Bellini's Sonnambula is to be performed, Mr Tapfield conductor. Then there is the Japanese troupe at the Theatre Royal, •which is being well patronised; and several other entertainments are on the tapis; so that by hook or by crook, a tidy programme of amusements has been arranged for a week to come, at least. We are to-day in the throes of an election. West Hobart, one of the five metropolitan districts, is electing a successor to Mr J. D. Balfe. Both candidates, James Gray and John Richards, have a large amount of talking power, and they are both popular among certain classes', but in tliis case the more educated candidate- Mr Gray, the greatest favorite—has secured his return, the numbers being Gray 420, Richards 115; majority 305. Railway matters are creating interest throughout the colony. Mr Miller's arguments were patiently listened to by the Court, and it was their Honors who threw out the suggestion that he should take till Saturday to look up his cases. It may be presumed that their Honors availed themselves of the delay also to look up cases, as they gave judgment after the argument without taking the customary time to deliberate. I presume the next thing will be to prepare the bill in the injunction suit, and proceed in the regular way to obtain the opinion of Mr Justice Dobson and Sir Valentine Fleming, who will be the then acting-Chief Justice, on the important points to be contested. Feb. 6. A HOAX.—A very stupid story lias obtained credence in some quarters to the effect that the visit of Mr O'Shannassy to Tasmania has been made with the view of treating on the part of the Victorian Government for the annexation of our little island to Victoria ? We may state that is only a little canard got up at the expense of those dreamy individuals who profess to see in annexation a panacea for all our ills. DEPARTURE OF THE GEELONG AND SYDNEY CREWS.—The Geelong crew in the gig race left Hobart Town, for Melbourne, by the s.s. Southern Cross, on Thursday, 1st inst. ; and the Sydney crew, the winners of the champion race, together with several of the Parramatta River crew, lefc ou 2nd inst. by the s.s. City of Hobart, for Sydney. ACCIDENT.—An old man named Christopher Brown, between 70 and 80 years of age, was admitted into the Hospital the other night suf- fering from a dislocated shoulder, which he sustained by falling on the pavement in Brisbanestreet. He is now progressing favorably. ASTRONOMY, &C.;—A man from Victoria is at present offering a novel kind of entertainment in our streets at nijlit. He lias a fine, powerful telescope, fixed on a tripod, for viewing the moon and all the wonders of the firmament. It is well worth the sixpenny fee to take such a splendid "lunar" as this can give. In connection with this novelty, there is also a stand of excellent microscopes and stereoscopes. A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, named Mary Downey, while walking in the Hobart Town Domain the other night, missed her footing, and fell, fracturing her thigli. In this helpless condition she remained until the morning, when a gentleman chanced to see her, and had her conveyed to the Hospital. ABABEFACED ROBBERY.—A daring attempt at robbery was made on Friday afternoon at Mr John O'Brien's pawnbroking shop in Georgestreet. A man was seen loitering about the window for some time by Mr Davies, landlord of the Glasgow Wine Vaults, on the opposite side of the street, and after glancing round to sea that nobody was near, he took up a stone and smashed a large square of glass in the window, thrust in his arm and wrenched several watches from the wire upon which some thirteen were suspended. He then made off down George - street. Sir O'Brien was in the garden behind the house at the time, but Miss Thomson, liis grand-daughter, was in the house and at once rushed out after the man, followed shortly after by Mr O'Brien. Miss Thomson came up with the thief near Mrs Windeatt's residence in Cimitiere-street, and pluckily caught hold of him. He threatened to strike her, and eventually got free from her. She, however, continued the pursuit, until observing Captain Tulloch, she called out to him to stop the man. Captain Tulloch managed to do this, and detained the fellow till Sergeant Wilson and Constable Carey, who had been apprised of the circumstance, appeared on the scene, when they at once searched him and found two watches, which Mr O'Brien identified as his. It turned out that the would-be robber, whose name is James Seward, had only recently been discharged from Port Arthur, where he had been undergoing a s mtence of eight years imprisonment for larceny in Hobart Town. ARCHDIACONAL ORDER. — The Ven. Archdeacon Browne requests the clergymen of the Northern Archdeaconry to forward to liirn, without delay, the information required in Digest p.p. 42. 5., and 44. 13., to enable him to lay it before Synod in due time. PRESENTATION.—An event of a very interesting character took place in St. Andrew's schoolroom on Friday, namely, a presentation by the congregation and the teachers of the Sunday School to Miss Gardner, on the eve of her marriage. Mr Alexander Webster, after briefly referring to Miss Gardner's connection with the Church and Sabbath School, and on behalf of the congregation and teachers giving expression to their kind wishes for that young lady's future happiness, presented her in their name with a very handsome dressing case, album, and inkstand. The Rev. Mr Gardner feelingly returned thanks on behalf of his daughter, and the proceedings terminated.. Ma. ANTHONY TROLLOPE delivered an interesting lecture on " Modern English Fiction as a Recreation for Young People," at the Odd-Fellows' Hall, Hobart Town, on Thursday, 1st inst., before a large aud fashionable audience. His Excellcncy the Go vet nor occupied the chair. The proceeds of the lecture are to be devoted to the new Cathedral Fund. On the same evening, after the lecture, Mr Trollope, with the lion. Howard Spenseley, Esq., Solicitor-General of Victoria, accompanied by the lion, the Premier, J. M. Wilsou, Esq., and the lion, the Attorney-General, W. R. Giblin, Esq., embarked in the Government schooner, and left for Port Arthur. Their visit to the Peninsula will be a very hurried one, and will afford them only a scant opportunity of inspecting the penal establishment, it being the intention of Messrs. Trollope and Bpensley to leavo Hobart Town for tbc North, en route for Victoria, in a few days. MR ANTHONY TROLLOPE.—A correspondent writes:—Wlien the popular novelist, Mr Anthony Trollope has terminated his tour of the other parts of the colony, and tired of being feted, it is to be hoped that he may be induced to visit Circular Head. A favorable period of the year for pleasure trips by the steamer Pioneer, which vessel leaves Launceston every Thursday morning for the North-West Coast, affords some additional hope that we may also help to welcome him with all the hospitality characteristic of the district. A stay for a few days would not fail to leave a favorable impression upon his mind of this distant part-of Tasmania, and help to strengthen and enlarge his ideas and recollections of the island in after years.He would find kind friends, and every assistance and appliance of comfort to enable him to move about; a remarkably healthy climate unequalled probably in the southern hemisphere, to enhance the pleasure of the visit; and above all, a truely hearty reception, without pretension, from many who have read and appreciated his highly popular works, and who now wish to make the acquaintance of the author in propria persona. INDUCTION.—The ceremony of inducting the Rev. Brooke Bailey into the incumbency of the parish of White Hills and St. Leonards was per- formed in Si. Peter's Church, St. Leonards, on Sunday afternoon by the Ven. Archdeacon Irowne, assisted by the"Revs. M. B. Brownrigg and W. H. Savigny. The usual evening service having been read by the Rev. Mr Sj,vigny, (in which psalms CXXII, CXXXII, exxxm were specially selected for the responses ; the lessons being—first, XXXIII chapter offEzekiel, verses I to x,—second, x. chapter Gospel of St. John, verses I to xix), the Archdeacon announced the object for which they had assembled, and then readjthe prescribed letter of institution from the Bishop. After which W. H. Westbrook, Esq., Senior Warden, handed the keys of the churoh to the new Incumbent saying "Sir, In the name and on behalf of the parishioners of the parish of White Hills and St. Leonards I do rec2 : ve and acknowledge you, the Rev. Brooke Bailey, as Incumbent of the same, and in token thereof give into your hands the keys of this church;" to which the - Rev. Mr Bailey replied, " I, the Rev. Brooke Bailey, rcceive these keys of the house of God at your hands, as the pledges of my institution and of your parochial recognition, and promise by the help of God to be a faithful shepherd over you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." A prayer having been offered, the Archdeacon handed the Incumbent a Bible and a Prayer Book, and said, "Receive these books, and let tliem be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the Divine Word, in leading the devotions of the people, and in exercising the discipline of the Church ; and be thou in all CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES.—The singing of tliis church was rendered particularly attractive on Sunday, when Mr Henry Gordon, the basso profondo of the Carandini Company, sang one of Mozart's beautiful offertories in a manner seldom equalled for taste and expression. The attendance was unusually large. SUDDEN DEATH AT WESTBUBY.—At the inquest held on the man Taff Monaghan, who fell down dead in a street in Westbury on Thursday morning last, the jury returned a verdict to the effect that he died in a fit of epliepsy, accelerated by drink. tilings a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." An anthem comprising several verses from the lxviii., exxxv., cxlv., and cxlvii. Psalms, was then repeated, when prayer was again offered, and a benediction having beenpronounced by the Archdeacon, the new Incumbent, who up to that time liad occupied a seat without the Communion rails, entered, and kneeling at the table offered aloud a personal supplication ; the ceremony of induction being concluded by prayer from the Incumbent, the Ven. Archdeacon preached a very appropriate sermon, taking as liis text the 20th verse of the 13tli chapter of St. John—"Verily, verily, I say unto yon, he that receivetli whomsoever I send, receivetli me ; and he that receivetli me, receivetli him that sent me." The congregation though not to say large was very attentive, and appeared to take deep interest in the ceremony. NARROW ESCAPE.—As the 6.40 up-train was.- leaving Perth on Monday evening a woman in an' intoxicated state was observed walking along, the line. The whistle was blown, of which she? took no notice, and the train had to be stopped in order to remove her. Had the train been going at its ordinary speed on rounding a curve at the time, the chances are that she would have paid the last penalty for her imbibition. 