PROTESTANT CHURCHES VIS1TE . Congregational Church Pitt-street. In pursuance of our expressed design of visiting the various Protestant Churches in this metropolis, Ave attended the above-named Church on Sunday last. This Church is by far the largest meeting house in Sydney, and, regarded as a building, is perhaps as well adapted to its purpose as could be erected. It may be called an immense place, for since its recent enlargement it is adapted to hold some thousands of persons. It is hoav nearly square, and Avhile thickly studded Avith pews on the ground-floor, has an enormous gallery running round its northern, southern, and Avestern sides. The eastern end is occupied by the pulpit, and behind these in a recess are the organ and seats for the choir. The front of the organ is painted a bright blue, with gilded Jleur-ctc-lys at intervals on each pipe, to relieve which the feet of some of the smaller pipes are of a chocolate colour. In comparison Avith the building, and having no extended front, the organ looks small, although it is by no means deficient in tone or poAver. The galleries are supported by bronze -like pillars, and over these supporting the ceiling, are Avhite fluted columns, Avitli gilded capitals. The Church is' well lighted and ventilated, and has a very cheerful though quiet appearance. The pulpit, which can be ascended from either side, is of polished cedar, and bears on its desk a crimson velvet cushion. This Church may be regarded as one of the most capacious and popular places of worship in Sydney. The service commenced with the ordinary introductory movement on the organ, at which Horr Carl Schmitt presides, and during Avhich the minister — the Rev. John Graham — ascended to his pulpit. The choir, which in this as in many churches, is a mixed one including both male and female members of the church, sang Cecil's short Anthem "I will arise the introductory prayer Avas tben offered, after Avliich a hymn was sung, and the Rev. minister read the 20th chapter of St. John's Gospel, commenting at the 23rd verso, that the meaning of it Avas, that the apostles should declare the sin and its mannor of being forgiven, and that it Avould be retained, or remitted. On concluding this chapter he continued by reading a portion of that Avondrous chapter, the I5th of Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians, remarking, on the first verse, the stress laid by the apostlo on the fact that he preached that gospel Avhich he had first received — received from whom — not from the other apostles — not from God the. Father— but directly from Jesus Christ himself. The reading of the reverend gentleman is characterised by its extreme sloAvness and fitful utterance. These, combined Avith the habit of an alternating loud and soft pronuncia tion, often cause the latter part of a phrase to he lost to his listeners. There is also a peculiar prominence given to the letter S, especially when it ends a Avord. It must ho remembered that these remarks are not made in any spirit of fault- finding, but simply to give a faithful pic ture of Avhat is heard and seen. At the conclu sion of the reading another hymn Avas sung, and the rcATerend minister engaged in prayer. In this the master mind is recognised not only by the apostrophes to the Deity Himself, couched in language amounting almost to sublimity, but as well by the sincere acknoAvledgemcnt of sin, and the fervent appeal for mercy which formed portions of his beautiful prayer. After an as cription of praise to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, he concluded with the Lord's Prayer. The 3S5 Ilymn :Avas given out and sung, the reverend gentleman preached from avcv-'.s se lected from the 14tli chapter of St. . 'aul'a Epistle to the Romans, and the 9th verse, 1 For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and reviA'tal, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living." Previous to commencing his dis course he reminded his hearers that as next Sabbath Avould bo Communion Sabbath, he should preach on Thursday eA-ening on a theme more directly applicable to that purpose, and specially inA'ited the young men of his congrega tion to attend. Looking now at the Rev. John Graham as a preacher, one cannot help regarding him except as a highly intellectual man. He has a fine brow and piercing eye, which, when ' lighted as it is occasionally by the fervour of his ' imagination, makes him almost terrible. Stand- ing erect with both hands raised as high as his 'temples, and slightly turned towards them, ' while his tongue is uttering a denunciatory sen- tence, or stating an indisputable fact, he com- pletely engages the attention of liis hearers, and commands their approbation. He addresses him- 'self constantly to his congregation, it is to ' them he is speaking, and it is seldom his eye wanders from them. Ho frequently concludes a 'sentence by clasping his elbows and leaning forward upon his pulpit. This, though habitual, is not graceful. In his sermoils the reverend gentleman gives great effect to his delivery, but the management of his voice, a fact but too fre quently lost sight of by our pulpit orators. "Hearers are most materially affected if the speaker only seems to feel what he says, and it is only by the changes in the tone of his voice that this can be Completely effected. The man ner of the gentleman of whom we speak is ex tremely persuasive, and we cannot wonder at the large congregations which so constantly attend his preaching. To return now to his 'Sermon of Sunday morning last. It was princi pally devoted to the proving of the resurrection ' of our Blessed Lord, by its presumptive evidence : contained in the prophecies and types of the Old ' Testament — which were given with remarkable 'clearness by the preacher — its historical evi- 1 dences, and its practical application to ourselves. 'He alluded to the setting apart of certain days 'for religious observances as meeting with his cordial assent and active co-operation, and said,- that regarded in the light of remembering the 'event, and not any particular date, no supcr- "stitious error would arise. His remarks upon '.the proofs of the resurrection were such as only a man possessed of an equal amount of research 'and learning could even dare to attempt to re fute.' He said nothing in his own mind had clearer or more indisputable historical proof. The Jewish Sanhedrim, composed of 70 men, whose acumen was certainly equal to any judges, even of the English' Bar, could not have been imposed upon : while the apostles and disciples themselves were men who could not if they would, and would not if they could, have foisted 'such an imposture upon the world. Throughout his sermon he was most attentively listened to by, the congregation, and the Rev. Mr. Graham may fairly be regarded as one of the most pow erfully convincing and popular preachers in Sydney. 