ONLY A GHOST. BY iBBNiEUS TUB DEACQN. Chapter II. now 1 went to nnnnon with hoodie. Punctual to my appointment, I was at tho door of St. Silas's a littlo boforo eleven. Crowds were streaming in at tho throo doors which led into tho church. ' This looks well,' thought I, ' devotion to the Ohridiau Faith aeoms to hnvo a home within this city. I wonder if they havo had a persecution horo lately.' Boodle was late, and. a. roll ot distant tu under irom within told me that something had begun. I soon saw my fat friond puffing up tho steps. ' Oomo along,' ho said, ' I'm lato. Thoy don't koop seats beyond tho first lesson.' ' Keep seals !' I did not understand him. He spoke as if he were talking of tho amphi theatre. Tho Gcntilos always' bad their scats kopt for thorn there, but I scarcoly thought Christians would in this matter imitato tho unbelievers : and ' tho lesson,' lesson of what ? Thero was 116 time to ask questions though, and wo hurried into church. They hud not yet begun, though a mighty instrument of music, perched on high, was giving forth a roll of har mony. ' Confound it,' said Boodle, ' they've stuffed an old woman into my seat, and I've only ono, too ; thoy might havo waited a few minutos.' , ' My seat again.' I was so aghast at his profane language in the holy precincts that I could not ask him for an explanation. But what I saw explained itself. The whole build ing was mapped out into little divisions with high but thin walls between. Theso little divi sions were lined with scats, somo had crimson cushions, and some had not. I imagined the thin wnllswcroto provent anypushim» and quarrelling that might take pluco (for I had always heard that tho English were tho most pugnacious peoplo in tho world), and I also judged that tho cushions were for the comforts of invalids. I could not help thinking what an ndvanco civilization had made Bince my time. My stout friend beckoned to a busy- looking gentleman in a short black gown and a stick, and told him to ' put us into a seat.' Now I could Bpeedily havo dispensed with the attentions of tho busy gentleman by dropping tho Intelligent Stranger and resuming tho Ghost, bub I was again afraid of the effect such a proceeding might huve upon Boodlo, ? whose nerves I perceived wero not of the strongest ordor. However, I buw a row of seats without backs or cushions, and I said to him, ' Why cannot wo sib hero ?' ' My dear follow,' he repliod, ' thoy are the freo scats,' and his tono of contempt Bhowcd me that somehow or other they ' were not tho thing.' ' Oh, I understand,' a ray of light shooting across ray mind, ' those are tho placcB for tho penitents ; in my time they wero not .allowed to come beyond the entrance.' Boodlo lifted his oyobrows, and I saw thnt I had said something wrong again, so I resolved to bo silent and watch the service. In the meantime we had been oonducted to a red cushioned scat and tho door carefully shut upon us. I thought at first we wore to be locked in, for fear wo might wish to go away beforo tho proper time, but I heavd no sound of the key s being turned upon us. . ? Preceded by the busy man in tho short black gown and the stick in his hand a quiot gentle man arrayed in white ascended a short wooden tower nnd wont down on his knees within it. The other Christians look no notice of him at all and might as woll havo been asleep for any thing thoy seemed Io caro. In a littlo whilo ho got up and muttered something and then begau an address, ' Dearly Beloved.' I thought the dearly beloved objects of his affection seemed wondrous cold in their method of returning it, for though thoy arose from their seats they Bcnrcely pnid'uny attention to him or showod any animation whatever. When Boodlo got into his seat ho stood for a few seconds and stuck his nose into his hat. This curious pro ceeding did not seem to excito any astonishment on tho part of our neighbours. Tho ceremony to mo hud no moaning, and ob tho Blessed Cyril had always warned us never to do anything for tho suko of mere form or without a moaning, I kept to my own praetico nud that of my follow worshippers in Holy Cross, and bowing low, reverently mado tho sigu of the Cross. I heard .the rustle of u silk dress ovidently shaken with rago and disgust, ni'id saw on my right an olderly lady whose fuco wus suffused with anger; She edged off from mo with a look of indignation, and whispered to her neighbour, ' PitBoyito !' What could cho mean ! I looked again, for I knew old ladies were often afraid of insects, and I thought perhaps somo loathsome animnl of that name might hnvo been crawling on her muff. ' Shall I catch it for you, mn'nin ?' I whispered us politely ns possiblo. Tho old lndy shook herself again, nnd immediately changed places with her companion. Theso English aro strange peoplo ; what could I havo dono to offend her ! ? I wns grioved that I should have done so, and in my distress I very ncavly turned into Irenceus tho Deacon, but on the wholo thought I might complicate tho situation still furthor by so doing. The service went on. Thoro wero singings, readings, prnyors, .bub no' A'mohs liko claps of thunder, no responses liko tho - the ronring of 'tho sen — Mich us J remember in Jerusalem nnd the churches where -I had tlio' honor to minister. Tho attitudes, too, ot tho worshippers astonished me. Boodlo took it easy and sat through all tho prayers, and many moro followed his example. Somo placed their knees upon high cushions, which conveniently hoisted ' thoir uoaics up until midway llicy leant upon me red cushioned seats. This was called kneeling, bub ib did not look to mo liko tlio attitude of tho ? penilonts in Holy Cross, in tho year of grace, 348\. . I at first did us 1 was accustomed to do in tho church of tlio Blessed Cyril, and stood' upon my feet as wo Hlways did upon tho Lord's Duy nnd oil the Forty Days aftor bho Resurrec tion Day. ' Bub seeing thut this created ustonish mont,'and boiug uiixious in ull things to avoid giving offence I wonb down upon my kneeB, declining tho , liigh cushion, which would havo caused tho notion to become un unreality. By . dogreos . this Blcopy kind of worship caino to an oud; though fur be it from mo to sneuk . ill of any kiudof Ohristian observance, I cannot help calling it sloopy, Tor nemo sceniod the better or the worso for it, and not the musclo of any oho's 'countenance changed. A gonllo murmur was the utmost notice bestowed upon any. of the petitions. presented to tho throno iu their name, and tho sontiments of sorrow, penitence, joy, and hopo sung for them by a few voices near the magnificent instrument of musio in the gallery, seemed to wako no answer ing echo in their hearts. ! At. the end of tlio.ohurch against tho wall and covered with red was what looked to mo an altar in spite of two red cushions at each end of it. We had no cushions to recline on in tho church 'of tho Holy Cross in tho ycai' 348 at JerusulemY I had wondered all. through tho ' servicb : when the Great Liturgy wns going to ? begin, for of course the altor would notthon sUiid useloss. At Just the goulloman arrayed in white wont to ono end -of tho nltav, and plaoing his elbows on tho cushion hoisted him self up to his knoes on a short bench before him whilst anothor gentleman likewise in. whilo did exactly the sumo exactly opposito to him at tho other end, and with thoir heads in thoir hands nnd their elbojvs on tho altar t hoy repeatod some thing in a gonllo and monotonous tone. Whilst this was going on some ono touched, my shoulder in a manner which showed mo it was no denizen of earth, - and I saw above me tho shade of the ?Rev: Edward Staroh of Grubbirigtoriintho Olay. contemplating tho scene with the most sublime- satisfaction. 'Ah!' ho said to mo, aud spirit voices have the gifb of nob disturbing an earthly congregation, ' this is the truo spirit of Anglicanism, see how fur removed. -from Popish bupersition on the one hand and from Puritanical baldness on tho other. Look at the . ?? bright example of Primitive Christianity I' !'P' 'Reading tho Ten Commnndnionts in front of a red altar with nothing on it ? ' s»id I, as ono of the reverend gontlomon advanced to the rails in front of tho altar. ' It is not tho least liko what took place in my timo ! ' . Now you must know that in tho Holy Shades no religious animosities oxist. Each ghost has his own poculiar liking, and generally continues attuohed to whnt ho loved most during his sojourn on earth, but ho never considers it necessary to use bad languogV) to tho other J. ghosts if they should bo of a differont way of '' thinking ; and such terms as vulgar Protestant and superstitious Papist are never heard amongst us. Wo all hope tlicvo are many differont wnya of looking at tho same truth. So I did not feel at all angry with tho ghost of tho Rpv.' Edward Stnrch, but cnlmly nodded to it as it floated obovo me. I could not holpi imagining what would be the feelings of that old lady in tho rustling silk if she only knew how close hor dainty bonnet wns to tho peaceful shace ; and ? worse, still, should sho ever discover that the quiet gentleman on her left was tho Deacon Iroriasus of tho yoar 848. After tho Gospel and ' :; the Creed, one of tho sleepy clergymen aforesnid ascended the steps of a high pulpit nnd began his sermon. ' Thnt is good,' whispered tho sh'udo of the Rev. Edward Stnrch, ' now you see tlio real primitivo way of doing things.' ' And whero aro the children ? ' said I, ' I seo nono.' The shade pointed to a gallery at . the west end, over the_ music gallery. It was' crowded with little faces, somo full of mischief, - most, heavy with sleep. ' ? 'Hiimph!' Baid I, ' we usod to placo them, close to the altar.. The Blessed Cyril always . Baid tho children wore worthiest to be near it. And where aro the poor ? I see none.' - The shndo pointed to the scuts for tho poni tents as /thought, and I snw about a score of persons who looked as if they wished thoy wore anywhere else. ' Ho, every ono that thirateth como ye to the waters, and ho thnt hath no money, come ye, buy and eat ;- yea, come buy wine and milk, without money and without price.' I wa3 Btnrtled ; I thought it must be another ghost making a quotation in an ironical .manner: but no, it was tho text of tho coming sermon, and the voice wns very oarbhly. Could any ono have a nobler bheme ? Ono to make tho henrt glow and tho tonguo utter words of fire, to rouse the whole mnn to animation. I could not help thinking what tho holy Cyril would havo made of it. But the sleepy preacher wns, if possible, more sleepy than his congrega tion. He told them how thankful ? they ought to bo thnt thoy lived in such a favored land, whero every one inigub henr tho truth if ho would listen, (hero tho denf old people in the . far-off free seats began to fidget) ; how thank ful they ought to bo that England was England, and not any other country ; how thankful they ought to be for their pastors, meaning himself, ; no doubt, and tho other gentleman in white, who wus nodding his head 'in tho most emphatic manner insido the altar rails, whether with, sleep or with assent I could not quite make out ; - ' how -thankful they ought to be that grace had1 been given them to do right ; and, in short how tlmukful they ought to bo that thoy wero not as other men ; and having sont most of his con gregation to sleep and very nearly himself also, ho brought himself up with a jerk, and abruptly concluded beforo that catastrophe occurred. ' Then roturning to the Holy Tablo, the offerings of the faithful were collected. : ? 'Capital!', whispered in ghostly language the shade of the Rov. Edward Starch. ' Capi tal! They havo succeeded in carrying this point. This is ..the greut Anglicnn battle ground, the Prayer for the Church Militanb :' as tho clergy resumod their former position afc the north iiud south end. 1 'After tho Prayer nnd whilst I was waiting for the Liturgy to proceed, to my astonishment and the great relief of - the congregation tho BlesBing wus pronounced and the assembly broko up. ' Aro wo to go now ?' said I to Boodlo. ' Go ? I should think so. What moro do you want? Haven't you hud enough ?' Boodle yawned nud looked aboub for his hat. ' ' But what does nil this lead up to ?' said I, 'if not to tho Bread of Lifo ? and how can they all fast to this hour nntl then go away without tho Celestial Food ?' Boodlo looked nt mo in nstonishmont. 'You don't mean to say you think thoso people have had no breakfast?' ' Tho Faithful nt Holy Cross nevor ate until they had had the Holy Bread, and on Wednes days und Fridays, tho stations,, you know they took no food till three in the afternoon, for tho services were not over t ill then.' 'My goodness me!' said Boodlo. 'And whero do you suy is thut remarkable place ?' ' In Jerusalem,' I replied. ' And does Bishop Gobut approve of these ritualistic proceedings?' ' I don't know,' I replied. 'I don't know anything about Bishop Gobut. This was a very long lime ugo. In tho year. . . .' Here I Blopped, remomberiu;; I am a ghost and that Boodle did not know it. ' A very long time ago? \E should raythcr think it was,' said Boodlo. ' Pin-don mo,' I whispered, slichtly irritatod, ' Have you any business Io collect the alms of the Faitliful and not givo them tho Bread of. Life ? It seems to me to be ull lake and no give.' 'All take? I. should think so. It's awful \ humbug I think ; bub ib doesn't hurb me much, for I never put in more thun a threoponny bit.' ' No doubt you feel hurt at not receiving your due; bread upon the day of Broad. No- wonder, your offering is small.' 'Well, to tell you tho truth, I have not had what you speak of for innny a long year.' ' What !-.'ttro you oxeoinmunicute?' asked I in horror. Supposo I had boon mak'ing friends with some proluno person uudor the ban of tho church. ? ' My dear fellow, what are you talking of P We don't do such things now-a-days.' As we went out I snid to tho busy man in ' bluck, who stood nt tho door — ? ; 'At ivhat hour aro tho Holy Mystories cele brated in (his ohurch ?' . He looked at, mo from head to foot, and said, * ''Mystery? Mystery? 'Wo doesn't havo no think of that 'ero sort horo. ? We don't boliovo ? hi no mysteries whalsomdovor !' . ? ? 'Bub sufoly, surely the Holy Sacrifice is- % offered some .timo or other?' 'Oh, you bo ono of tho Rod iLettor lot' bo you?. We don't 'old to none of that ritualistic ' nontenso.' . '??:?? ? ~ ,' 'More nuzzled than ovor I -wont on with ' Boodle. ? ; : ' '' 'As wo left tho holyprooinots, I said to |him,' 'Have the 'majority, of 'the faithful in that church never been within' the sacred walls bo- *- foro?'-- ?- ' -: ,^--^-.:. '? ' Why should you think so ?' ? ?' 'Becausein the; opening address bucIi great pains wore taken to' explain to thoso present what they' had como for. v It began if I remem ber right, 'Dearly beloved.' ? . , ' ' Hal'ha! ha!!':; suid Boodle, 'that has boon going on no end of a time. Whenever, wherever, you goto ohurch, oven if you go twico ? every ' day of your .life, week-days and 'Sundays^ you '. will nover bo allowed to suy your prayers until you have heard an explanation of why' you, came, and what you camofor. For tho last 300 'years thab has been going on with unintermitv ting perseverance.' ? ; ? ..?? ' And the poor things have not loarnt it yet ; ' whab a long limo it takos to din an idea into an Englishman's houd. Wo cortninly wero not so ? long ubout it iu my duy. In fact we should not have gone to church nt all until we were quite certain why wo wont.' ' Como along,' said Boodlo, ' wo shall just bo ' ??- in time to henr the crack preacher at St» :'.i Timothy's Chapol.' . ;', ' (To le continued.) A 