HIS CHOSEN WIFE: AN ORIGINAL TALE: BY MUSKITTO. Chapter I. A Cloudless Sky. ' In Tain with endearments we soothe the sad heart, In Tain do we vow for an age to be true; The chance of an hoar may command us to part, Or death disunite us in Love's last adieu.' — Byron. THEY-were standing on the verandah — Fielder Leigh and his cousin Olive. How beautiful did she look as she gazed out over the railings upon the sylvan scenery vrtrinh onrerpA thp. creater Dart of Mov Manse. Her atramental hair hung in one wavy mass upon her shoulders, looking far better than if done up in an artificial manner. What a contrast ! There the cousins stood, he nineteen years old, yet, with all his efforts, nothing more than a boy ; she scarcely yet that age, without any voluntary aid, a full developed woman. Five years before, when Fielder was at school, striving for the prize for painting (for that and the classics he loved next his life. Let others puzzle themselves with the mathematics — he cared not for them. Had he the worth of the Golconda, he would have given it gladly to equal Poe, or rival his favorite, Byron ; perhaps he would have given the price that they did — a price that none can comprehend) against thirty others equally desirous and determinate, he won it with his picture of ' Florence ;' or, as he called it, ' His Ideal.' That he painted with cerulean eyes and the golden hair that the poets so much admire. But when he met his hand some, dark- eyed cousin, on his return from school, all his admiration for the blonde was dissipated, like the vapours of the crags when the sun has bhed his warmth upon them — dissolved only to unite again when the sun disappears. She, too, admired her classic cousin. She loved to hear him read the thrilling tales of Edgar Foe, or the facetious lines of Tom Moore. He had just been reading to her from *' Evangeline,' and has only now ceased, because the golden sun has set, and it is too late to continue. When the last sounds of *' To-morrow' died away, a deep silence reigned. Olive stood with her head bared over the trcillage. Perhaps her thoughts were in the forest primeval, by the mighty rivers on the other side of the Atlantic. Perhaps, she, in fancy, plucked the asphodel beneath the mighty elms. If they were, she soon recalled them — brought them back in less time than a message could be flashed across the ocean along the submarine cable. Ah 1 what is there can travel so fast as faucy ? This moment picking up shells on the Indian shore ; the next gathering gorgeous flowers on the banks of the Como. Her musical voice was the first to break the silence. ' You will not altogether forget me, Fielder, when you go to town, will you T ' Forget you, Ollie ?' he repeated ; ' do you not know me better. Like the soul, my love can never die.' ' But poets so often change their love ; and you will meet many a fairer face than mine, ana many who know more about bhakespeare^ than I,' said Olive. ' No, I am cure I never shall, love ; and ?what if I do meet fairer ? A handsome face often hides a defective mind.' ' You gay my face is handsome ; do you mean that it bides a defective mind ?' asked ehe, archly. ' You know I do not, Ollie, so none of your insinuations. I did not say it always, but often conceals a defective mind. You are an exception. Of course a girl cannot help being pretty ; in fact, she ought to do all she can with propriety to render herself attractive j but the worst is, half of them, when they are told they are pretty, think that is enough, without being learned,' returned Fielder. ' But I am not learned, Fielder. I know very little of Latin or Greek. I have not what uncle calls a bel esprit.' ' Better be like that than to know less but pretend to know more.' They were now again silent for a while. Olive was gazing at the rising moon j bat where were her thoughts? Ah I far away from the pieturesque Moy Manse, in a house elose by a rippling river, in her early home. Her memory dwelt on one night, scarce three years ago, when she sat watching her dying mother as she lay in bed. ' Open the window, Ollie, dear. Let me look upon the dear old river once more.' The weeping ' girl obeyed her. As she raised the frame a flood of silvery light streamed into the room. Plainly through the window could be seen Diana sailing majesti cally on overhead, while the fleecy clouds fled from her path. The dying woman closed her dark, lustrous eyeB for an instant, then, slowly opening them, soft musical sounds broke from her lips. ' Glorious ! glorious ! listen to the river — listen I it says * come, come with me !' I must not stay. See! it reaches the over hanging mists — they dissolve — flee from it — now the rocks beat it back — in vain, they cannot stay it — hear the music 1 — there is Gerald — Alice — my child! The battle is over now— the veil falls—we reach the goal I . . . take care of my Olive ! Gerald — my husband — my own— I come at last. Oh! Lord ! rece ... .' Suddenly the voice ceased. Olive raised her head. ' It is over, MisB Leigh,' said the doctor. Over I what meant that word to her ? It left her alone in the world a helpless orphan. The considerate doctor led her from the dis tressing scene. Here her melancholy reminiscences were rudely interrupted by the joyous voice of her cousin Phil, who, too boisterous to walk around to the steps, sprang over the rails, tearing the passion-flower from the post, and throwing down a geranium pot from the ? window in the act. ' I say, Field,' he exclaimed, before rightly on his feet, ' do you know father has come home, ai.d Walter Gray is with him ? It's your last night at home, you know.' ' Is that any reason you should be in such a hurry ?' asked his brother. 'That is too bad, I declare, Phil. You have quite spoilt the prettiest flower of the lot,' said Olive. ' 1 am very sorry, coz. ; I did not mean to do it. However, I have not done much harm to the passion-flower, for you know the passions require curbing sometimes,' said Phil, with much gravity. ' From which of your schoolfellows did yon hear that to-day?' asked Fielder, smiling. ' From Philip Leigh, Esq., of Moy Manse. Do you happen to know that gentleman?7' ' Only too well,' returned the other, as he rose and went into the house, followed by his brother, while Olive remained behind to pick up the shattered flower. Chapter II. Old Friends. Though a tear din his eye at this sad separation, Tis nature, not fear, that excites his regret : Far distant he goes with the same emulation, The Came of his fathers he ne'er can forget. — Byron. Early the next morning Fielder was at the Railway Station, waiting for the train to convey him to town. Phil and his friend Walter were there too : the former, however, met a party of friends going out on a shooting excursion, so, hastily bidding his brother good-bye, he joined them. The engine came rattling down, and the pair were soon busy putting the luggage in. ' What is the use of pulling such a long sepulchral face on you, Fielder?' said Walter, as they put the last box in. ' Miss Leigh is far too old for you ; she will be married long before you come back.' Was* it jealousy that prompted Walter to say that? He had long loved Fielder's cousin in secret, but he had also a great liking for Fielder, and was sorry the next moment that he had uttered the words. His friend did not reply ; but a ghost of a smile played upon his features, as if he thought that impossible. The guard gave a shrill whistle. . ' Good-bye, old fellow ; take care of your self,' said Walter. 'Good-bye, Walter; and ditto for you,' said a voice within, scarcely audible to him as he stood on the platform, watching the train puffing from the line. ' Heaven keep me from wishing that he would desert Olive,' he murmured, as he turned towards home. ' Hulloa, Leigh ; how are you ?' Fielder stared for a moment at the person who had thus addressed him, and then cried ' Fred Howard, or I'm a Dutchman !'' ' I am afraid that you are a Dutchman then, Leigh, for it is Percy ?' ' Is it? By jove, how you have changed j how are you getting on ?' 'Well, let me see; I suppose we are getting on at about thirty-five miles an hour, — I beg your pardon, Leigh, but 'pon my word I could not resist the temptation. I'm getting on alright.' ' And where's Fred ?' ' Fred ? oh ! he's in town, training for a minister. He's going out to Fiji next April to be eaten by the cannibals.' ' Nonsense ! Cannibals ! I only wish I was in hie place,' said Fielder. *' Do you ? Well, I must confess you have a queer taste. As for me, I like Australia too well to ever leave it. Where are you going to now ?' ' To my uccle, Mr. Harding's.' ' Charles Harding, the architect?' 'Yes.' ' Bravo, ©Id chap ! That's good ; I am there,' and Fielder got 6uch a slap that he was sent against the opposite seat. It was well for them they were the only occupants of the car, or tiie others would cer tainly have mistaken them for escaped luna tics, Howard at least. ' Gently, gently ! I shall want my back for a few months to come, I hope ; but* I am glad we shall be in the same office, though. That is something like coincidence, isn't it ; how that two boys of the same class and same room, too, should be in the same office.' ** I am' sure I don't know, Leigh j I don't understand coincidences.' Then followed a series of questions about schoolchums, scraps of old adventures, tricks, and scrapes. ' I suppose I would scarcely know any of the boys at school now ?' said Percy. ' No ; I was there at the last examination, and the only boys of our time were Willmott and Gilliam.' ' Willmott ! Oh, I remember ; he is the chap that came down from the kangaroos and emus at — what on earth was the name of the place?' ' &anyafca; i ' Yes, Kanyaka, that is it. I knew it was some uncivilized place or other, with an un earthly name or other. And Gilliam, why he is the one who was expelled from so many schools at Sydney, and only sent over here because they could not get him taken in any where else.' ' How do you know that?' ' Harry Grant told me.' 'Just like one of his yarns; I would sooner believe Grant was expelled at Sydney than he ; at any rate he was nearly so here.' ' How was that V ' For running away with Moore.' ' Yes j that happened before I came,' said Percy. Olive and home were for a while forgotten, and his mind fascinated by the glowing pic ture Howard drew of town life. ' Yon will be in your glory there amongst the blue eyes, only, Leigh, you must not be as severe a critic as you were at school. You were always in the black books with the girls there. You must not sneer at the high-heeled boots, you know, old chap, or you will get into it with them.' ' It's little I care if I do,' Fielder said. ' Oh, that's all my eye. Wait until you are down, and if you don't change your sus ceptible mind, you are not as fond of them and poetry as you were of old. At school, if any one wished to find Master Leigh, it would be of no use to go out to the playground. You would have to search for the most enchanting piece of scenery about, and there very likely you would find him poring over some antique poem or picture. The deuce I here we are at the end of our journey, or almost so. Come jump out ; I will go with you as far as Hardiug's,' Having left Fielder safe at his uncle's he made for his own lodgings. ' My nephew, Fielder, I suppose 1' said a venerable old gentleman, with a pair of spec tacles on his nose, whom Fielder knew to be his uncle by -the great resemblance he bore to a certain photograph in his mother's album, which went by the name of 'Uncle Harding,' to distinguish it from the other multitudinous uncles. ** Yes it is, uncle. How do you do ?'' ' First-rate ; thanks to my cold-water bath. So you have got down alright. How are all the folks at home. ?' ' All 'righj, thank you, only a little dejected about me' 'That won't hurt them much. Did you find the house easily ?' ' O, yes ; an old friend of mine, Percy Howard, came down with me, and showed me the place.' 'Young Howard! ah, he is in the office here. Well, I'm glad to find that you know, someone here. It will be so much more pleasant at first.' Here a benevolent-looking old lady, appa rently at the wrong side of forty, entered the room, followed by a girl about twenty, whom Fielder at once set down as commonplace. ' This is young Leigh, my dear, your cousin Fielder, Ida, &c.;' Then again Fielder had to answer a host of questions about health, journey, etc.. when suddenly his uncle exclaims, much to his relief — ' Upon my word, Fielder, you must think we are going to starve you. I had forgotten that you have not yet dined.' Dinner over, Fielder had to spend the rest of the day in company with his uncle. In the evening he escorted his aunt and cousin to the opera. The singing was splendid, but he did not listen to it. For the first time since the morning his thoughts dwelt on Moy Manse and Olive. ' She be married before I come back ? Never !'' was the thought that occurred to him. ' She is true as steel 1 What difference does age make? No, Walter, you do not know how to appreciate Olive.' It would have been well for Fielder himself if he had known how to appreciate his cousin Olive. (To be concluded in our next.) 