Facts and Fancies. LATE SITTINGS. GEOFFREY CRABTHORN. OH! Henry, is it you, dear — safe, safe at home? They did not tell me true, dear; they said you could not come. Last night I sat and watched with the supper ready laid, But I thought of those late sittings, and I really felt afraid. For you know you got a cold in the chilly air of night; Oh! Henry, now it's you, dear, I'm frantic with delight. Oh! Henry, is it you, dear, safe at home at six? I've got a lovely stew, dear, for 'tis the hour we fix To have our social meal after Parliament is o'er; I hate that sitting late, dear, it's such an awful bore. I fear those youthful members who leave the House so late Get into sad temptation; I shudder at their fate. They'll get out in the street in the lonely midnight gloom, And the mischief they'll get into I can only just assume. So, Henry, you take care, dear, and leave at half-past-four; I'm sure it's only fair, dear — they surely can't want more. It's really quite absurd for the House to sit so long; It can't be always business — it must, I'm sure, be wrong. I do believe they gossip, and pass their feeble jokes, Instead of doing business like real steady folks. Some men when they leave home on the pretext of debate, Can not be ever at it, so long at any rate. Then Henry you come home, dear, and tell me all the news, And let them sit alone, dear, to squabble if they choose. So let them muddle on dear, and I'll take care of you. — Adelaide Observer. A cmbotm ax wo* asked whether th* membera of his church were united. He replied they were perfectly united —froren together. Btolbn Bitbs.—Sweet Sister: Now don't ba cross boy—have thia jam Ma has left ue. Cross Boy : Shan't! don't like it! taint half so good aa if she had forgotten the -keys and we'd prigged it. Aii. thb D-tpbbekcb. — Schoolmistress: Johnny, I'm ashamed of you! When I waa your age I could read si well aa I do now." Johnny: "Aw! but yow'd a different tayoher to wot we'm got". New Faoi.—A curate having been over hauled by hia bishop for attending a ball, tba former replied, " My lord, I wore a mask." " Oh, well," returned the bishop, •• tbat pnte'» new face on the affuir." A youkg lady waa reoently aent by expreaa from California to Maryland. The messenger who had ber in charge waa so pleased with hia freight, tbat be offered to carry it baok and forth all tbe time at hia own expense. Titular.—Soon after Lord 's elevation to the peerage, be remarked tbat authors watt often very ridiculous iv tbe titles they gave. '• Tha*.," said a distinguished writer present,** ia an error from which even sovereigns appear not to be exempt" Novel Obit-jab***.—A new style is oominf into uae in America, whish expresses a great deal in a few words, as follows : " John Smith, of New York, revolver 1" "01. Jenkins, of Phila delphia, third atory window j" " Ann Jonea, of New Jersey, laudanum." A -"AUitBH tells bia atory : He was going out to his corn crib the other morning, wben be aaw a large rat, with head erect, carrying a full-siied ear of corn in his mouth, while at the same time his tail was wrapped around another large ear, wbieh he was dragging behind him. High Tbhmb.—When Madame Schneider was engaged for an opera bouffe aeason reoently, the manager demurred to ber exorbitant terma, remarking that her income would bo highor than that of a marshal of France. •' Well, then," said ahe, " let a marshal of France aing for you." " Ma, has your tongue got legs P" " (Jot what, child ?" " Got legs, ma." ■• Certainly not. But why do you a.-k that silly queation f" ■« Oh, nothing! Only I heard pa fay your tone ua runs from morning till vi hi, aud I was wonder ing how it oould run without legs; that's all, ma." Thb Yakkbbs Again.—ln Mexico th* -custom is, when a duel bas been fought to erect a oroaa on the spot, and eve:y o c that passes by throw* a stone at the cross, borne ingenious Yankees bave taken a vantage of the cuatom to dear stony laud, by erecting crosses where no dual has been fought. Pbbambli*.—An old gentleman wishing to ba at hia ease on horseback, took his horse to a riding master to be taught to amble. Two or three trials Mere umde upon the animal with partial success. " Zounds, sir, do you oall thia an amble ?" said the owner. '• No, sir," said the equestrian, " I call it preamble. Business.—An untutor.-d man when re proached for the extravagant obarges he had made for certain services,' eie'.aiined, " Well, isn't it better to be a hog and get well paid for your work than to be a good fellow and get kicked from pillar to poftP" With that man evidently btmnepti is busiuota. A PATIEM oon.plaiutd to hia physician thai be was pursued by "a ghost tho night before, aa be waa goinjj homo irom the tavern. *' What shape wu* it ?" x»kt-d ihe doctor. *■ In tbe shape of tin ass," nplied the man. "Go home," aaid the doctor, " uul Lei-p sob-.r. You were tipsy laat night, and tn. htened by your own shadow." A LAVWJ.U name I Missing wus severley orois* examining a witness in a suit for the unlawful taking of a jackal, and thrt>u*cnin*<ly aaked, '• Do you mean to fay, air, that when you first came before defendant's house tho animal was stolen from the gate ?" •' 1 mean to say, sir," replied the witness, with a wink at the jury, " that the a»s wus mi-*!!',-." Wouicing in a Cibclb.—A nice young girl at Green i*fay, wu* being court- d by a nice young man. Ue wa* ■.•■•m-rout-ly inclined, and made her presents ot hair oil, winch he purchased from the store of ihe father of bis adored. After giviui! her soniu twenty bottles of the oleaginous fl .id, he discovered ho was workimg in ac.rcle—a* f ; -*-t ua he j.re-enled tbem she re turned them to tho store, thus dutifully making trade for her father. Jonathan anjj ma M ion —'< Hallo atrangert you appe .r to ho travell n;* ?" " Yes, I alwsya travel when on a j jurucy." ■' I think I have seen you boiui where." " Very like ; I have often been there." " M i-*ht your imme be Cole ?" •■ It mLht; but it isn't by a hng i-halk." " Have you been long in theae pansP" "Never any longer than ut preaent—me foet nine." " Have you got an*,thing new?' "Yes; I bought a new whetstone th a iv .ruing." ■» j thought so : —you're the sharpe-a bLde I have seen on thia road." A cniiD wa* crying in tbe street near Char ing Cross. A cimpateionato lady, passing at tLe time, stopped uud a*!ie i him what wa* the matter. Tha child replied, "Cob I've lost a penny mother gave me."—" AW, well, never mind," suid tin* l»,iy, " here is v not her for you," and proceeded upon her way, hut had not gone far when alio ht-ird ihe lit de fellow bellowing more lustily tl. .n b.-loro. f-be turned back and again asked tho e.m»«j, upon which the little urchin auawm-d, " V\ hy, it I 'adn't lost tbe firat one 1 shuuM 'aye had tuppencr." A pub-idino elder of the United Brethren Church wus preaching in ilinneaota, and waa much annoyed hyper.-ova tulking and laughing. lie paused, looked ut the disturbers, and said: " I am always ..liui i to reprove those who mis behave in church. Iv tho early part of my ministry I tnmiu v grout mist-ike. Aa I waa preaching, a young man who sat before me waa constantly laughing,la-kin.*.and making uncouth grimaces. I pause 1 an i wluiiuistered a severe rebuke. After the close of the service, one of , the ouicial numbera camo aud aaid to me • •Brother, you made a great mietake. That young man whom you reproved is au idiot/ tiinoe then IWo »l w,. yi b. en ufraid to reprove those who mubehave iv churoh, lest I ebould repeat thut mistake uud reprove another idiot." Uuring ihe ret of thut service at least there was good order. " Vbhv Mrca MABKiK D ."-Jobn Finlay waa towns cflker m Montrose, and a well-known ca^raoter. A local Munchausen, he used to tell endless atorie*. of which he waa alwaya the hero, many of whioh be used to preface with, When I was in the uru^y," although he had never served iv all his life. Eut it bud been his ha) py lot Five times to tie the nui»ti*l knot. He was once asked which of all his vrfvee he iked beat. He replied thut be " aye liket tha mn ana." Duri.-g the reign of hia fifth and last wife, some one suggtaled that he had now 00m° Jo the end oi his matrimonial tether, a £» keiit °' *ullher duintie bodie if Maidie dee d, was the reply. Some one remarked that he must be a rich man; some of his many wive* must have brought him tnouey. " Ns," aaid ha, "it waa little I m-iJe by them, for they a 'cam wi' an auld kist and went and gae'd awa' wi' • new aae." 