DENE HOLLOttr55 BY THE AUrHOBOp "EA8I LyNNB„ . ; PAEi? II. CuArap IL-biB Diffitfs % - ( Continued .) ;; ' T « ? f whafs " It wants about twenty minutes to bit! : " Is it so Jate as that? Come ia a&6f" to get my coat on. We shall have Ar?il,p begin to think sometimes, Tom," addSS?6' 1 man as they crossed the sitting. . ??e old chamber, - that I ehall be redu-ed to tb nacy of taking a valet in my old aee M and aims won't serve me much longer " le68 " Make a valet of me, sir. You miaU i a help you more than I do." ® ®e " I don't like to give in, Tom ; that's if, Tu waited on myself all my life. Sit ' hav® ««> lit water out for mo. YbU are read, " Beady for what, sir ?" asked the not quite understanding. " Ready for what ! —Why, for dinner " im'pMeiVelyT1 "»>" i Im Sir Dene took hi? hands out of the turned round to stare at Tom. ' « Why can't you dine ?" " There's no time, sir. I am going on th - . , with Simmon, at once." 8 g watch " What for ? Where to ?" " The oak coppice. As you desire." " Going on the watch with 8immons !" reneaM the baronet, a great wonder on his fine old? " On the watch on a ChriBtmaB night ' jf my boy ; nobody belonging to me does that. Wu/ put such a thing in your head?" ' ' " Lady lydia has just told me "Tom dm waring stopped. He was a true eenti«m«C®" hearts ay, and a true Christian, too, thought .in the world, reading this, may laugh atit. Is l even in this case, barefaced though he at oDoem it was, would he take- his own-part at theamm. pf pthers: But Sir Dene Was looking at hk/nf he resumed. 'H® " That is; T understood Lady Lydia to s&y; ton wished me to go with Simmons this evenm Perhaps she misunderstood." " You must have misunderstood between Send fiiy 'people on tbe watch on a ChriaC night !" reiterated Sir Dene. " I'm not a ksa. then." t " Lady Lydia talks of fresh gins in the oak coppice. What have you heard, sir ?" " What I've heard will keep, Tom. She ought not to have begun about it to-day ; she knows it is a subject that worries me. She heard jt ! didn't. Jarvis picked it up somewhere out of doors, she says. Anyway, it must be left alone till Monday. There? let it drop. See if you can give my hair a -brush. I think I must hare got a touch of rheumatism in this arm, Tom , it's pain ful since morning. The driving borne from church did me no good. Priar, he talks of strained muscles — -but £ fancy its rheumatism." ' Tom had brushed the white hair and helped on the coat, when there came a smart knock at the door, and Lady Lydia entered. Sir Dene at onee began about the misunderstanding, telling her she ought to have known better than to suppose he should allow any of his people, whether grand children or retainers, to go out on the cold watch on a Christmas night. j . Tom Clanwaring quitted the room : of no use now to wait to assist his grandfather down stairs : my lady took care that Tom should never assist him in any way, when she could help it. Scarcely had he gained the hall when he heard himself called to. My lady was following him, her free white with atiger, her restless eyes ablaze with parade. " How dared you carry tales to Sir Denef the . hissed — and really her harsh voice as often very like a hiss. " You ! a dependent, a serpent— fot that's what you are — yen presume to interfere and ; try to set aside my orders — and Sir Dene's !" " Yon are mistaken, Lady Lydia. I did not intentionally——" " Be silent, sir ; " I will hear no lying excuses from you. As you hie afraid of a little night oold I for yourself and Simmons, you can go and shwohis » bearth with him; this evening. You don't dine I in my presence. r One Of us most be absent from the tabled you 'car I.' " Very well, Lady Lydia. I will not intends upon you." He went straight out at the front door ; ral with no . purposed intention, but in the minute's vexation. GBnerouB-tempered though he waft patiently submissive, as he had been traiaed tobir- he couldfeel anger ftt times when the oppression or injustice wee unusually great. And MuyAwto wphld be at the table that he was thrust frem - I Wouid shel A -few paces from the dote to encountered a fdotmOn. Tom recognised him, in Sthe evening's darkness,; for one of the servants k the HalL . , . , "What is it, Mark?"/ . ' " My mistress has sent me up with this n«»h sir. The Squire's quite unable to come out tap evening.1 Tney are very sorry it should have happened so." " Are none of them coming ? Not Mn. te Miss Arde?" "Ho fir ; tbey intend to dihe quietly at home, was the man's reply, as he weaten witfath® nota " I'll go and ask them togive me some dinner, quoth Tom to himself, his blue eyes brightening with an amused smile, his heart giving a grew, < leap in its happiness. w AH happens for the best. ,, Whether the love that existed between Te® : Clanwaring and May Arde — for it's of no use H i diyguise this ill-omened fact any. longer would have sprung up had theybeea ' the original terms of intimacy, cannot be tpW« Perhaps not: the liking for ea .othteUWf have continued to be more like that ot i<»» brother and sister. Hot that Mite May had bqetteidedtO'be fond of Tom :fihe hadteasea »j yna tortured him and tutored him at wilbW the capricious little damsel that she was. p . liay was growing upi Mrs. 43® aie Mmi and the doctors ordered her abrpaih went with her huBband and daughter, were away nearly three years. ThrOe make great chaugee, yon know, in ta well as in other things. Tom twenty when they met again mM| |ssaSi«sap'SS,s it W|| witll til® flplfc ; - . , . t 5V > i -U-'-.,' " ' » , . 4'1'' t -f.' TnuebVhance 'tbirt Tm, pr and prospectus, would beallowedt® wtober/as Iherewas that he" " might win the moon. Bach was contented to leave the future to itself: as long as they met daily, or almost daily, the present had bliss enough. - And so, this last year, since May's return things had gone on quietly, and happily. That they would not continue so to go oh much longer, certain signs were telling. Matters seemed to be annroaehing a crisis in more ways than one. Cap tain Jarvis Clanwaring was getting into deep water— was in it, indeed— and there appeared to I . b no way of extricating him but by some grand e0Hp.de raain, such as espousing a wealthy heiress. The heiress was at hand, and a very charming and loveable heiress too, and Captain Clanwaring made 0 end of visits to Beechhurst Dene on her ac count ; hut there was one curious fact — he did not seem to make much way with her. To Lady Lydia this had been utterly unaccountable until ouite recently — when the horrible fear had sud denly suggested itself that May loved the scape- t— the name he had gone by amidst them for Tears— the miserable, despised, dependent, Tom Clanwaring. Somehow Mrs. Arde was catching «n the same fear : possibly it had been craftily 3 wakened by Lady Lydia, for we rarely see these things for ourselves. Mrs. Arde was not at all sure about it. She thought it next door to im possible that Mary could be so . much of an idiot. Tom, laughing outright at the turn affairs had taken that evening, walked on to the Hall. He knew quite well, if nobody else did, that my lady's motive for banishing him from the dinner- table wa8 because Miss Arde was to be at it. But, for once in a rare way, Tom had won and my lady lost. Tom knew that the persecution, renewed of late the under-current of effort that was at work again to drive him entirely from Beechhurst Bene, arose from my lady'6 fear that he was standing in the way- of Jarvis. He oould afford to laugh, he thought : whatever the result might; be as to himself, he felt assured that May would never have anything on that head to say to Jarvis Clanwaring. When Mr. Arde had found in the afternoon that he grew no better, a dinner wAb hastily pre pared at home : his wife and daughter declining to leave him. He had these bilious attacks often, and would look as sallow as a guinea while tbey lasted, which was sometimes, three days. Mrs. Arde wrote the note to Beechhurst Bene, and sent to ask the Miss Bickereens to come in and dine at the Hall : two middle-aged neighbours, cheerful and talkative, who were made all the more of because they had lost the greater part of their fortune. The party was in the act of sitting down to this dinner, Mr. Arde inoluded, when Tom walked in. Every one looked surprised to see him : May blushed scarlet. " Will you give me some dinner, sir ?" "If you want it," returned the Squire. "And welcome. Anything the matter at the Bene ?" "I have offended Lady Lydia— no unusual thing, you know, sir — and she forbids me to sit | down with them. X thought — as it was Christmas Bay — perhaps you and Mrs. Arde would take me in." He spoke in a half-jesting, half- serious tone. The servant put a chair for him next May : the Miss Bickereens sitting opposite in the warmth of the fire. The Squire's spirits went up: Tom's good-looking face and kindly nature seemed to impart a new element of cheerfulness to them alL George Arde had always liked him from the time he held the little unconscious infant in his arms by the bed where its mother was lying cold and dead, and poor G-eoffry sat in a chair against the wall sobbing. The Squire, who had only come into the dining-room to carve, protesting he could not touch a bit, ventured on a moreel of turkey. It I tasted so good that he took a larger piece, and I then another, and another. His aching head seemed to grow betfer as if by magic, and he soon | felt as veil as ever he had in his life. These im- | prompts. meetings are often more gay than pre- | meditated ones. Have, you ever observed this ? I It was the case here. Youremembe" -the remark of I the good old "Vicar of Wakefield inreference to their B last-recorded merry meeting : "I don't know I whether we had more wit among us than usual, If but we certainly had more laughter." The laughter H at the Squire's table that night might have been H heard half- way to Hursjt Leet. Every countenance H was happy, every heart at rest : even Mrs. Arde 1 forgot her semidoubts, and yielded to the genial 1 and happy influence of the moment. .. It was one 12 of the merriest ChristmaBes spent that day within i the three kingdoms : an evening to be recalled |i with a thrill ; an hour that would stand in the if memory as one of unalloyed pleasure, amid the K stern realities, the dull cares of later yearB. f " What was the, matter at home this time?" 1 asked Mary of Tom confidentially, when tbey had 1 a moment to themselves at the end of the drawing- I room. u Did my lady really forbid your sitting I dewn to table ?" I "She said that either she or I must be away I from it. Of course it left 'me no choice, I 1 " But why ?" I " Well, the ostensible reason was that I had I carried tales to my grandfather— whichof eourse I had not. The real reason was, that she did not I want me to be at dinner." I « w a£an questioned Mary." I i j bad her own reasons, X, con- e.ude, was Tom's not very satisfactory answer, a smile playing about his mouth. I Did Mary guess at the reason? Faintly" per- I haps. Her face wore a hot blush. I "Tom," she softly said, glancing up through 1 the shade of the long brown eye-lashes, " I can't I bear Lady Lydia." I " Now, May, that's what I call ingratitude," I was his laughing answer. " She says she adores 1 you." I " Does she ! But, Tom, if I were you I'd not I really quarrel with her. She might send you I away. I know she's trying for it." 1 "I know it myself. Sometimes I think she'll I doit" I ".Would you like to go ?" E "Well — no. I'd rather stay where I am. On Recount of my good old grandfather." I v, been to save his life he could not have helped the expression that momentarily escaped 1 blue eyes, meeting hers. It quite plainly Baid I bat there was some one else also he would like to B stay for. Mary's heart fluttered fifty ways in its B sense of happiness. 1 "What are you thinking- of, child?" asked I , Arde of his daughter, when their guests 1 candles6' &nC; was bghting his bed For Mary Beeraed buried in a profound reverie. I f, e out of it with a start at the question. ' B » Pa» I was thinkinghow very happy We have to- night. I was wonderirfg if any thing could J ®er look cloudy again." t , . 1 , 'ile'he dinner «nd evening had pro- I at Beechhurst Dene. Not so merrily. troublesome, allowed to take -up nearly all the attention— a very mistaken and Unpleasant ftiiiig at all times to everybody except themselves And' their unwise mother. The friends C&ptajn; Clan-- 1 waring had said might drop in, did so -lwo 6f - them, getting over from Worcester in a "'Aig.n Both were, as Jones, helping Gander to wait at" table, expressed it, " milingtary /' ' " ' The one, Major Fife, was at least fifty years ef' age : and there was something about his height " and uprightness, in his clearly-cut features, ay, and more than all in the long, flowing silver - beard he woie, that put Sir Dene strongly in mind of Robert Owen, dead nearly five-and-twenty years before. Gander was so struck with the likeness as to 'be excessively discomposed, for it'1 brought to the man's remembrance that long-past'' night of his great terror in 'Harebell Lane. The resemblance was certainly remarkable ; but the ' expression of the two faces wholly different : for while Robert Owen's had been good and winning, Major Fife's was that of a roui ; bad altogether. Sir Dene had heard of him as a hard drinker and hard player : in short, as bearing not toojreputable a character in any way/especially since he quitted the army. The other, Lieutenant Paget, Beemed an inoffensive and rather simple young man, jjufc ' Sir Dene was not pleased that Jarvis should have taken upon himself to introduce, these men to his table that evening; he: did no c care that entire Btrangers should join the family dinner on Christmas Day. The baronet was of course civilly courteous to them, as in duty bound to be but his manner had no cordiality in it, and he was very silent. That, or the absence of the Ardes, or something else, undoubtedly threw a gloom on the meeting. They were half through dinner before Sir Dene noticed the absence of his favourite grandson. Ay, and in his heart he was the favourite, little as my lady or any one else might suspect it; " Where's Tom ?" he exclaimed. No one answered. He repeated the question loudly and sharply. Lady Lydia could no longer affect not to hear. "Oh! Tom ? — He has gone over to Simmons's, I believe," she carelessly said. Sir Dene laid down his knife and fork. " To Simmons's 1" he repeated, every feature of his still fine countenance hardening to stern ex pression. " What has taken him there on Christ mas night?" " His low tastes, I conclude," was her hardy reply. " He has that kind of taste for such com pany, you know, Sir Dene." " If he has, my lady, it is thanks to you, for it was you who first drove him out to frequent it," was Sir Dene's retort. But nevertheless he felt bitterly vexed at Tom, for absenting himself from dinner on Christmas Day. Nothing more was said then. In the drawing-room Lady Lydia took occasion to speak a few words in Sir Dene's ear. She in- mated that it was Tom who had wanted to go and watch in the -oak coppice ; that he was dis appointed at not spending the hours with Sim mons, whose company he preferred, and so had gone off to do it at his home. Sir Dene, angry and vexed, went to bed in the belief. He was not feeling .well that . evening, and disappeared.- even before the children. A slight incident occurred to. Tom Clanwaring as he came home, which may as well be mentioned. Hurst Leet clock was striking eleven when he turned- in at the Dene gates : " the; air was clear througTi not oold enough for what recalled season able Christmas weather, and the sound of the strokes came up distinctly to Tom's ear. Rather to his surprise, as he neared the image, -he saw a gig standiug before the front door. One of their, own grooms was in it, apparently asleep. " What's this gig here for,, James ?" he asked, of the man. " It belongs to two gents as come over from Ooster to dinner, sir," replied the groom waking up. " Friends o' the captain's, Gander says. And don't I wish they'd come out," he added partly- to himself. " Stuck in. this gig - for <an hour or two's spell hain't the work for a Christmas night." " When all the rest are making themselves com fortable," Baid. Tom with good- humour., " That's it, sir," returned the groom, intensely aggravated. "There they, be, a roomful of 'em, men and maids, a- drinking hotpjinch around the fire, and Gander a- telling of 'em stories about Injee." , . _ , . The picture of comfort was so vivid that Tom would not disturb it. Intensely considerate of others, both by nature and because he had been trained to be, was Tom Clanwaring. Instead of ringing a peal on the ball bell, that must have, brought forth Grander or One of the others, he turned to go round to the back (door, .which was never fastened until the last thing. TTn was just emerging from the privet-walk, the door in- view, when a tall young person, showing a, profusion of light curls under her bonnet, came in his way. It . was Miss Emma Geach, — whom we have not met . since she waB a child. " Why, Emma ! ' exclaimed 3?om. " Is it you ? Do you want anything ?" ' "Hush, please!" she said, sinking her voice to a whisper. " I was only waiting to— to speak to one o' the servants, Mr. Tom." "Which of them is it?" he asked, insensibly, drzpping his voice to assimilate with her tones "Shall I call " " No, I don't want yon to call nobody," she quickly interrupted, sis if the proposition startled her. " Go on your way and take no notice on me, please, Mr. Tom. If he comes out, I shall set? him : if he don't, I shall just run back home wi'out it.'' The sound of the whispering penetrated to the grove of trees (bare now) at a few paces distance : and Dene Clanwaring and his cousin Otto, strolling about to smoke, looked out to see who might be thus covertly talking. Emma Geach drew back behind the privet hedge to hide herself : Tom went on to the drawing-room. Jarvis, his two friends, and Lady Lydia were at whist when Tom entered, looking — they could but notice it — rather particularly radiant. " Hope you have enioyed your evening with Simmons !" sarcastically spoke Mrs.Letsom, Like Sir Bene, she had thought it very bad taste, even of Tom, to abandon the home party. " With Simmons !" cried Tom in surprise. " I have not been with 6immons, Mrs. Letsom." " No. Well I thought it curious that youehould go there on a Christmas night," she rejoined. " Where have you been then, Tom ?" " Dining at the Hall." "Where? What eharply asked Lady Lydia, in a kind of shrill scream. - \- f'l have been dining withheArdee.Lady Lydia. A right' meriy evening we've had. : The > were, thjsre." f ,v > - : Grave as a judge was his facea# he told it i never a ghost of iifode did itwear, tobetray that he knew wlfoV , purtMWhto j 7/ ; : : , 7 1:11 r'" ; "7 ' '' \ ..r i oiU 10 Utlte itiH t h,eniade„no-answaryoDlynibit4ierqmvering4tpg? ?he captain threw down hiscardsj as if something had Btung him, and his% eyes wpre-an 6vil look as he turned' them full on Torn, Clanwaring. . . Chapeee HI.— Sent to the Teaimng Indian. V ; Monday ; morning. The week seemed to be in-. augurating itself rathfer gloomlly for some of the inmates of Beechhurst Dene. At least, if the countenances of my Lady Lydia and Captain Clanwaring might be any criterion. Gloomy enough was theuspeot of cach, in all conscieHce : eross too. My lady was fitting a little back froin the library window, in the shade of the delidate brocade curtain. The room was as charming as it used to be t renovated from time to time, the prevailing features Aiid colours of itB furniture were always retained. Gazing on cuter things ias one who sees them net, was Captain Clanwaring. A suspicion of frost lay on the grass of the park, the trees looked bare and bleak. He had been telling Lady Lydia f once again that he must have money, and imme diately ; and she had returned him the same answer as oh Christmas Day-that Bhe did not see how it was possible. In truth he had more need ef it than even his mother knew—for he did not tell her of vat ions little items that were pressing him amidst greater ones. They were passing through his own mind as he stood. Major Fife's visit on a Christmas Day, independent of partaking of a good Christmas dinner,1 was to preBS Jarvis for a certain debt of honour, lost to him in London. The major hid made the journey from London to WotceBter to get it : and was staying there at a great cost at the Hop-pole. Jarvis was owing some money up St Black's at the Trailing Indian, and that was pressing. Miss Emma Geach's appearance iii the privet- walk on .Christmas night was, in point of feet, owing to this : she was waiting in the hope of seeing Captain Clanwaring— in spite of her plausible exeuBe to Tom. About these two items of debt he said nothing to my lady, bat rather enlarged on certain claims he owed in town, and the terrible embarrassment -they brought him, which was only too true. Jarvis Clanwaring was one of those men who cannot, or will not, keep out of debt. His tastes and pursuits were of a nature that must inevitably bring debt in their train to a peor man — ay, and to a rich one. As to curbing his inclinations— his expensive horses, his fine clothes, his dinners, his betting, his gambling—such a course never entered his mind. Where was the good of having a baronet for a grandfather,' who must pessess POts of : money laid by, unless he was of use to you, the Captain was in the habit of arguing with his friends. There -was only he who wanted help. Young Dene and Charlpy had money enough ®f their own. Otto made what he earned at his pro fession do for him, did notBpend a fraction more, and troubled nobody. Jartis's private opinion was, that Ootfco must live upon five shillings a day. Perhaps he did. Close, prudent, hard-working, Otto Clanwaring was the one to make both ends meet, however small the means might be. Jarvis had once got twenty pounds cut of him. Driving down to Old Square one day iii a friend's curricle, Jarvis had told a tale of some temporary need for twenty pounds ; and Otto let him have the snm;, relying on his promise of honour to bring it back on that day week. " SJy dog; that Otto he's putting by already," . was J arris's comment — and he had never repaid the money from that day ' to this. ; Otto had left off asking him for it. Jarvis had had money from young Dene more than once : " bled him," he called it. Dene had grown wary now, .and refused to lend another stiver V he was hot yet .of age, and only -had his allowance. In short, all spurceB seemed closed to Jarvis, ex cept Sir Dene's. Sir Dene had helped him so much in response toopen applications that be'wiould lend no more. In point of fact, he had helped him far more than ha had any suspicion of, through the contrivances 0/ Lady Lydia. That lady would get money from Sir Dene— ostensibly for herself, for.Otto, for. Louisa : Lstgom. It was zlways for one or the. other as she- told- S ir Dene : . whereaB, in point of fact, every coin 'went into " the- yawning pocket of, J arvia. There -seemed to bO no end to it, SirDene bad recently told .her— "and added that he strongly suspected , that she must be' assisting her elder son in secret. So my lady might well aasure the .captain tkat for the present she ypas unajble to do more.. It . was not a bright state of affairs," and each .one tacitly acknowledged it to the other, on that wintry morning. " " JaTvis, it iB as X have told you," spoke Lady Lydia. "You must make play with Mary Arde:''' "And don't I do,. it— and mean to do it ? ' fractiously retortod Jaryis. : who was just as un- dutiful to his mother in fanner and, speech, as it is the. pleasure of some .of , these idolised and- in dulged sons to, be. . " I shall go in for her now in', earnest."'. »' ' " Of the twenty , thousand pounds that will : be hers on her weddipg day, teh of it will be settled on her ; . ten will gp to her. husband, if he be a man they like : Mrs. Arde told me so much. Some of that loose ten thousand will set yo u straight." Set him straight! Ayl Jarvis Clanwaring drew a deep breath, and - his face topk a bright look as he thought of ,it. The . mines of Golconda could hardly have seemed to him fairer and richer. ' "Twenty thousand pounds on her .wedding- day, and a large provision for life besides," con- 1 tinned Lady Lydia. " Of , course Mary will come in for the Hall . as well, and for the whole of her father's fortune. A prize worth striving for, Jarvis." Yes. Jarvis felt it to his heart's core. And he liked Mary for herself besides. A prize worth any strife, any sacrifice. " I shall not let her slip, you may rest assured," he said aloud. " But, don't you see that I must contrive to go on smoothly until that time comes ? Were my embarrassments to leak out, old Arde might fight shy of me." She did Bee it. Looking up at Jarvis. she told him she saw it. " Well then — for that.reason, if for no other, I mpst have money." "It iB all very well to say ' must,' Jarvis. But how?" _ He turned from the window in some agitation, lifting his hand to give emphasis to his words. " Mother! As ,sujely as tjthait you and I are talking here together, — as surely as that we. shall eat our dinner to- day,— as surely as that .we shall some time dip, what ' I say is truth : If I do not - get money between now anpl this day week, some inconvenient things mil come out to the world. I eanhot put it m«re XbrciWy.' , . . . Yat;ithing8-f" = I 'i .":d i : i1 Whatithmgs r' Why, obhgationsthat,I owe.) Liabilities. Debt?.".,:.,'; : - v -cv /: ire ,Mgi " >-f Aiiiutfi the erakM'1lj bire-' -Ki I no- UnU ywr-J iaoauny v.,; .-i.jil j oi .zuilaoloi uii - wua - dromeda; lie old Arde nught -not , allow for - that. I think he d not. .Once let him get an; ink ling of the state of. my exchequer, and I fancy he would cut up rough."' / "He and Mm. Ardebotli like ,0n, Jarvie. ' She 6sp6ci&illy; doiss v; \ , Wjfi -T \- " And to retain their liking, I must keep my name clear. . Don't you see.it?" - Oh yes again, she did see it she saw it in all its truth and force. Sitting on m silence, she bit her compressed lips. " here's no exedse I can invent tliat would weigh with Sir Dene, Jarvis. It is not a fortnight since I had money from hini ostensibly for myself, - end I cannot say it is for Louisa or Otto while they are both here. There's no other way. He has taken to settle the housekeeping bills himself : — through Gander." "Gander be smothered!" said the captain gloomily, straying a little beside the mark. " Yon will have to say it w for me." " It would not avail," she quickly answered. "At least — I don't think it would-. He told me to my face that ,bB believed ; the laBt money was for you, and it was high time your extravagance was checked. Jarvis, I think this— if you don't mind, he will be warning Squire Arde himself." "No!" utterd Jarvis, aghast at the sug gestion." Well, I fear he might. It is jaBt an idea of mine I must have time to think this over,. Jarvis." Captain Clanwaring, stretching himself, strolled away, leaving her to do it. Half away across the room he turned to say something. " ThereVthe second trouble'— that cursed scape goat. He mast be got away somehow or other. Dining at the Hall on Christmas Day ; drinking tea there yesterday-— it won't do, yoh know. He and May were coolly pacing the beech. 'avenue together for an hour in the afternoon. .The idea of there being : anything between them is preposterous ; too contemptible to speak of : he would never dare to lift his eyes t9 her, nor would Bhe stoop to him : nevertheless; he will be better out of the 'way than in it." Jarvis reasoned exactly as my lady reasoned, you see : their instincts were the same. "Leave that tome," was the careleBsand yet assured answer of Lady Lydia. " I'vegOfc it in band." , And well in hand, too. Jarvis, cramming his "pipe with tobacco, lighted it,- kept it in his mouth unheld, by some habit of dexterity, and strolled out at the Bide door, his \- hands j in liis pockets. A more miserable mood than his could not well be. It Was. absolutely: necessary that he should have money to avoid- well he hardly knew what. Exposure, for one thing. If -my lady failed in getting this, money for1 nim, he would be reduced to the necessity of- selling bis commission. Brooding, over these troubles, he had got as far as the gate opening to Harebell Lane, and was leaning his arms upon it, pu&iig; away, when Tom Clanwaring came up' the lahe with a quick step. The contrast presented by the two was remarkable: J arvis, an idle, lounging, smoking, pale, dissipated dandy ; Tom, fresh; -active, upright, striding along ; in his worn velveteen coat and splashed top-boots, as if he had all the work of the parish upon him, his fair Saxon face bright and beautiful to look upon. The one was a worker, the other something worse than a;dreamer. , " I'm not sure' but we shall have Snow, Jarvis/' spoke Tom cordially as he went by. ' : "Snow — ah !" responded Jarvis' indifferently. " Do you happen to be going past the Trailing Indian?":, .."No, Why ?" continued Tom, halting. . . " I wanted a note left there. . For Black." - " A note— for Black !" echoed Tom, in surprise, wondering what Randy Black and the fastidious captain could have in common. " About tobacco," Jarvis : condescended curtly to explain.. . Can you take it for me ?" " Ye3 if you like ; it won't be much out of my Way," responded Tom with his usual cheerful good-nature. Jarvis handed him the note from his ppeket, and Tom went on." . Sir Depe had kept . -his bed all day on the Sunday, with -the rheumatism in his shoulder, and Mr. Friar ; anie up to. see ! him., Tom went In ' waB Received ooldly ; Sir Dbne, who had pot been. enlightened as to the truth, retained his abger at Tom's having gone (as ,he 'thoiight) to Summons's instead of staying at home "to dine. He was loo angry to reproach him : for one thing, his shoulder was in great pain : and my lady had been flinging in a little edged shaft or two agiittst Tom. ... . . , . j :.;i ; To-day (Mionday) Tom was very busy out' of' doors. His post as - overlooker was the great barrier Lady Lydia had to contend with iii her. newly taken- up resolution to ' drive him Off the : estate. Remembering the instinct that had hazily warped her. against : his thus remaining; she ; thought how true it had been. The arrangement - had worked well hitherto, separating in' a wide degree the ppqr scapegoat from his kith and kin : and but for this awakened fear in connection with Squire Arde's daughter, Tom Clanwaring might have stayed as he was, unmolested, till Doomsday. : -r-Fromihe 4rgosy, . (to be ookthujep.) When is. a lady's hair like news ? When it is found in the morning papers. Iv a duek . goes info water for divers reasons, does he come. on land for sun- dry purposes ? At Glasgow, Scotland; one iodine factory uses up 6,000 tons of sea weed every year. The Chinese, with a good deal of quiet sarcasm, call ceremony the smoke of friendship. my wife and i. (From Judy) We never fight, my wife and I, As other couples do, Our little matrimonial sky Is .of the brightest blue. She never beards me in my" den (My study, I should saj), She vows l am the befit of men, f But then— she has her way ! Some wives.are never pleased unless They wring from you a cheque, Wherewith to buy some cosily drees, \- Or jewels for their neck. My little witch ne'er asks from me r The value of a pin,1 ' ; She isep good and true, you see, \- Bat then — shb keeps the tin ! ; "'Twas not!" "It was! " "It was! " 'Twas not!" ; .j.". J.',.; , a ; '. | YIl .»apy |uctless pwr, Iiwot/ 1 ; WM -nntil4i«ghfc.i- -is ao w.s ; iff e'rVjM ha a wbrd.pr'itwof: :,-d -uL' \ T, , M9 tho hlrtioii Olio wilfi-aqo! . ;,t ' ij.-'jiftS Oii-j XtitliO illld 6I VOd X 