The Week. By proclamation in a Gazette Extraordinary published on Thursday, Parliament is further prorogued from the 17th instant to the 8th October. It is not men tioned that Parliament will then meet for the dispatoh of business. An excursion to Lithgow Valley, on the Western Railway, took place on Monday, to enable Sir James FergueEon, the Governor of South Australia, who is now on a visit to this colony, to see the famous engineering works in that locality. The party consisted of Sir James FerguESon and his aid-de-camp (Mr. Morn'O, Sir Hercules Robinson, the Hon. Lady Robinson, and Miss Robinson, Captain St. John and Mrs. St. John, the Hon. J. G. L. Innes (Solicitor-General) and Mrs. Zones, the Hon. Saul Samuel (Vice-President of the Exeoutive Council) and Mrs. Alexander, Sir Terence Murray (President of the Legislative Council) and Lady Murray, the Hon. Edward Butler (Attorney-General), the Hen, G. A. Lloyd (Post master-General), tbe Hon. W. R. Piddington (Colonial Treasurer), and Mr. John Wbitton (Engineer-in* Chief for Railways). They left the bedfera ter minus by special train at 7 o'clock, and reached Litbgow Valley about midday, where they stayed for half-an-hour befr»e starting on the return journey to Sydney. Sir James Fergusson made tbe descent into the valley on the engine, and greatly admired the railway works at the Zigzag. The weather was delightful, and a finer day for enjoying the air of the mountains and the scenery along the route could not have been desired. The party returned to the oityat 6 o'clock. On August 29th, Lady Robinson, accompanied by .several members of her family, and Mrs. H. Dick, visited the institution for the Deaf* and Dumb and Blind. They were received by some members of the Ladies' Visiting Committee, amongst whom were Mrs. John Hay, Mrs. T. C. Breillat, Mrs. W. Scott; Mrs. Suttor, of Bathurst, was also present. The mode of instruction for both deaf and dumb, end blind, was explained by the teachers, Mr. 'Watson asd Mr. Caehmore, to her Ladyship, who ex pressed great surprise at the capabilities of the pupils. After spending some time in the school-room, Lady Robin son asd party were thown through the building by Mrs. John Hay and the honorary secretary of the institution, Mr. Ellis RobinBon, who represented the managing com mittee on the occasion. Lady Robinson and party ex pressed extreme pleasure at their visit, and thanked all present for their courtesy and attention. The children were regaled with fruit afterwards by Mrs. John Hay. It ib worthy of notice, as showing what may be done, that no lees than eight of the Church of England pupils were made sufficiently profioient to be confirmed by the Bishop of Sydney, on Wednesday ; the Rev. Robert Taylor, of Newtewn, having conducted their studies for the ceremony. The Imperial Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Criminal Outrages upon Natives of the Islands in the Pacific Ocean having been received here six weeks ago, his Excellency the Governor, in accordance with one of its provisions, proclaimed on Thursday that the Act shall, from this date, take effect. It is rather difficult upon reading only the reports from the various tin mines to gain a clear idea of the extent of ore raised and sent away, and it is not till the results of the work are collected for the parpose of export, that we can see really what large quantities are yielded. We give below a statement of the quantity sent by one out let only, the A. S. N. Company's steamers from Morpeth to Sydney, the time extending from the 1st of January of the present year up to the 31st August (last Saturday). We may explain that each bag is estimated to contain about one hundred weight and a quarter of ore. Bags. Bags. January ? 97 May ? 211 February ? 76 June ? 362 March ? 337 July ? 520 April ? 374 August.......... 296 2273 bags. Or, taking each bag to weigh 1£ owt., 142 tons tin ore for the eight months, by ene outlet alone. The value of this quantity of tin ore, taking it at only £60 per ton, would be £8520. We are indebted for the above statement to Captain Dye. We may add that there is much variation of opinion as to the commercial value of tin ore, in the condition in which it is usually sent from the tin mines to Sydney. Some persons estimate it as high as £80 per ton, which would make the total value of the quantity above named £11,260.— Kaitland Mercury. The Gold Escort returns for August show a continued improvement. The total yield for the month was 37,282 oz. Of this amount, 27,673 oz. came from the Weetem districts, 8796 oz. from the Southern, and 813 oz. from the Northern. For the first eiarht months of the pre sent year the receipts have amounted to 240,930 oz., against 171)261 cz. for tbe corresponding portion of 1871. A message by wire from Adelaide, on Thursday evening, reports breadstuffs as follows :— Wheat, very firm at 6b. ; flour in good demand, £13 to £14. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly, on Thursday, Mr. Maophereon'B motion to put a tax on im ported etock. wae negativeH by a large majority. At a convocation of members of the Sydney University, bald in the hall of that institution on the 3i« nf August, Mr. Christopher Rolleston, on the nomination of Vtce-Chancelior the iiev. Robert Allwood, was elected * Fellow of the Senate of the Sydney University, in toe »l! of William Charles Wentworth, lately deceased. A meeting q the medical profession to resume consideration of a draft bill to amend and consolidate the laws relating to medical practitioner* in New South Wales, was held on Wednesday eveniue at the Oxford Hotel, King- street ; present— Dr. Moffitt i»' the chair, and Drs. Nowlan, Moon, Jones, Milford, Ward. Jlarkey, Cox, C. W. Morgan (Bathurst). W. fl. Maofcn. zie, Tarrant, Taylor, Quaife, Spenoer, Marshall, Doteaa. Sohuette, and Dansey. The minutes of last meetia» having been read and confirmed, the hon. secretary (Dr Cox) called attention to clause 45, passed at tot meeting* If he put a proper construction on the olause, it meant that if any medical man commits an act rendering him liable to forfeiture or fine, and if the prosecuting body did not institute proceedings within six months, he would go scot free. His opinion was that the time would have to be altered, because it would be impossible for the prosecuting body to prosecute a number of persons committing frauds against the Act within six months, and he could quite understand that persons in distant parts of the colony would .escape the punishment. Dr. Ward con fessed a certain inability to understand the olause, and it struck him that the intention would be the bsst carried out by inserting the words 'six calendar months after saoh offence shall have been committed,' which he moved as an amendment. Dr. Moon seconded the amendment. Dr. Morgan said he did not understand the meaning of tha clause. He read it that if a fine or punishment was imposed for a breach of the law, and it were not enforced for six months, it would become null and void. That he apprehended was the rale, as it is now. Dr. Cox believed tbe intention was to make it lav that when a man was fined fer doing anything that he was not entitled to do, if the fine was imposed upon him sis months after be was found guilty, it oould not be obtained from him if it was not got within six months. There wag notbisg of the sort in the English Aot, and he did not see why it should not be out cut altogether. The amend ment was agreed to aad the olause passed. Clause 36 was proposed, and after some discussion struck out, and tha following new clause inserted, on the motion of Dr. Jones. in lieu thereof :—' If any person practising medicine or surgery, or engaged in the oare or treatment of diseases or injuries, not being registered under the Medical Aots, takes or uses any designations enumerated in Schedule III., or any medical or surgical designation whatever, for wbioh ha cannot, when called upon, show a legal title, he shall for every such offence be liable, on summary convio tion, to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.' Clauses 47, 48, 49, 60, and 51 were passed with amend ments, and tbe schedules were also agreed to with eotna minor alterations. It was decided that the bill with tha amendments should be printed, and that a petition signed by tbe medical men of the colony should, at some future date, be submitted by deputation to tbe Government, aocom penied by the bill. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the committee and secretary. The Presbytery of Sydney met on Tuesday, the 3rd instant, within St. Stephen's Church, Maoqaane etreet, and was constituted with prayer by ihtt Rev. James Cosa, M. A., moderator. Inter alia, a call was laid on the table, in favour of the Rev. William Baker, from the united charges of Eden, Bega, Merimbula, and Pan bula, signed by thirty-four persons. It was resolved that tbe call lie on tbe table till next meeting of the Presby tery, and the clerk was instructed to communicate mean- | while with the respective parties at Twofold Bay, and j bring before their notioe tbe laws of the Church in tha matter of stipend. A communication was laid on the tabie from the Colonial Secretary, respecting the recommending of a minister for the appointment of chaplain to the Presbyterian prisoners at the gaol, Darling hurist. The Bev. Robert Lowers moved the following j resolution :—' That this Presbytery submit the name of j tbe Kev. James Milne, M. A., to the Government for thtir j appointment of him to the chaplaincy of the gaol— Mr. j Hiloe agreeing to take steps at onoe to have a successor ] appointed to the charge at Paddington, himself retaining I tbe manse.' Seconded by Dr. Moon. Tbe Bev. Dr. I M'Gibbon moved, as an amendment,—' That the name of I tbe Rev. Alexander Sinclair be submitted to the Govern- I meet for their appointment of him to the chaplaincy of tha I gaol.' Seconded by the Rev. A. Gilchrist. The rotes I were taken, when it appeared nine voted for the motion, and I teven for the amendment, Tbe motion was therefore de- I clared to be carried by a majority of two. Whereupon Dr, I M'Gibbon, A. Thompson, A. Gilohri t, ministers, and W. I King, F. M'Cann, elders, dissented, and protested fer I leave to complain to the next General Assembly. I The Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon moved,—' That the clerk be in- I Btructed to inform the Colonial Secretary that the Presby- I tery is not jet in circumstances to prooeed with the reoom- I mendation of a minister for the Presbyterian chaplaincy of I the gaol, Darlioghurst, vacant by the decease of the Kev. I Bobert Stewart.' Seconded by Mr. Robert Watson, I elder. The Rev. Robert Lewers moved, as an amendment, ? 11 That the clerk be instructed to inform the Colonial ? Secretary of the facts of the case in relation to the reoom- ? mending a minieter for the Presbjterian chaplaincy of Mw ? gaol, Darlinghurst, vacant by the deoease of the Bar. ? Robert Stewart.' Seconded by Dr. Moon. Ihe votes oi ? the Presbytery were taken, when it appeared nine ? voted for the motion and six for the amendment ? and therefore the motion was declared to be carnett ? by a majority of three. The Rev. R. S. Patersoa ? moved the following resolution,— 'That this Presbytery ? Bhall now appoint a committee of its number to prepare ao ? addrees of congratulation, in the name of this Presbytery, ? to be presented to the Rev. Dr. Lang, on the occasion of. a« ? ministerial jubilee.' Seconded by the Rev. A. Gilohrut, ? and agreed to. Tbe following committee were appoint** ? accordingly :-Dr. M'Gibbon, &.S. Paterson, James Cosh, ? A. Gilohrist, minifitera; Dr. M'Nieh, Dr. Moon, elders, ? Mr. Paterson, convener. The Ashfield congregation were ? to find pulpit supply for themselves for the ourrent montt. ? Dr. M'Gibton drew the attention of the PreBbytery to tie ? present condition of St. Andrew's College. The Presbytery ? resolved, on adjourning, to meet again on next i?^11*' ? morning, at half -pas* 10 o'clock, in the usual place, the M. ? Andrew's College question the first business to be - taKen .w m for consideration. As the clerk was going from .hpme.Bir. m Gilcbrifit was appointed interim clerk. Closed with prayer. ? Under the title of the 'Visitors' Guide to | Sydney, aiid the Resources of New South Wales, «r. j Maddock,of George-street, has published a w*«™» ? must prove serviceable in disseminating information «»P'U ? ing the city and colony. ? Though ostensibly ft eull}° ' ? Sydney, the first portion of the work contains a WP ? amount of information respecting New South WaiMji m political, social, and other institulisns. The ™»£r ? sketches of the founding ot the city, its FMeW^SSK* ? ment, and its present condition, are full of n™?1^ ? information, and will convey to '^'Wlib ? the subjects a good idea of tbe rapidity with jrtwft ^ M metropolis has grown from a settlement c?»P'^bnrb8) ? persons to an important city coBtemmg.^P -'^'h w. ? about 130,000 souls. The book contains informatKm j epecttog the climate, the parks and plea ''SgBar ? public buildings. Under the heading' The Ewursw - j are about twenty pages, fall of instruction fa ? w™ port ? Biious of seeing some of the magm?ce&t; beautae-r ^ w ^ — and the country surrounding the city. The AM*' ^ ^ ? educational institutions of tbe colony, and we nv ^ ?_ pages devoted to a description ef the Sydney ^ » ^ ft H forTn an important part of the volume. ™£J£f«* ? good deal or informarien relating *S^nJH^Fm«r ? the fortifications, the on'1^^)1 £«n«r S description ? six^r pages of the book are devoted to a general ?'&£ ? of die ^sources of the colony.. Thelandfews areesp ^ ^ J masomoi£eainBimerastheimportoceofmfl8a.'eaBureg, m admit of. The information respecting the wa.^ h theproductionaMexportationof-^l,goW.^aireg0uro» ? disEeminatiog information &^*$2J?%\ field fcj ? of New South Wales, and its embibleness as t ? enterprising. capitalisteand skilled *°*£gL^fl« *??* ? time the circulation of such a P^**1?' SgW *«' ? centres of pspulation in Europe and /^^ ^e city «« ? of espr ciaf value. A weli-prepared ptog yoIolB8 ? appended to the book. The smaU price at wnw-u _ ^ ^i^ftQt its least rewffloieciiaiiw. ? rjnnne last week confirmations were held by «,« Bishop of Sydney in St. Andrew's Cathedral *a st James's Churon. In the Cathedral on Moa Alt Tuesday, and Wednesday; and in St. James's Thursday. The persona confirmed on those days °° from the following parishes, and the total ™ber was 909:— In the Cathedral fr»m-St. Andrew's, SStoh « females; total. 75; St. Philip's, 26 nmlea, 56 females- 82; St. Lnke's, 7 males, 11 females-18 ; Holy K 24 males, 20 femaIes-44 ; Chriat Church, 23 mal el, ^females— 68; St. Barnabas', 51 males, 71 females-122; ft Bartholomew's, Pyrmont, 6 males. 11 females-17 ; atJohn'e, Biahopthorpe, 13 males, 18 females-31 ; St. P«d'« iBedfem, 35 males, 73 females-108; St. Stephen's, i'SKl males, 49 females-70; St. Silas', Waterloo, U males. 23 femaIes-37; St. Matthew's, Botany, 6 males, 12 females— 18. In St. James' Church, from— St. James', in malee, 44 females— 75; St. Peter's, 51 males, 70 females 1-121 ' St. Mary's, Waveriey, 13 males, 20 females— 33; total 909. It »s an interesting fact that amongst tkose frem'st. Stephen's parish, there were eight from, the Deaf, Dumb and Blind Institution, seven deaf and dumb, and one blind. A confirmation service has also been held in St. John's Church, Darlinghurat, when a considerable nnmber of young people from several parishes were con firmed. The following notice has recently been pub lished by the Government :— It having been brought under the notice of the Government that persons are is the habit of mutilating and destroying the stalactites in the Fish River Caves, and otherwise injuring them, it is hereby notified that, in future, any persons found so ©Sending will be prosecuted according to law : and that the Keeper of the Caves is empowered to at onoe remove such persons therefrom. On Monday evening, in St. James's schoolroom, tit. 'Williaiu Hemming delivered an interesting lecture ou the 'Inseot World;' the Kev. Mr. Bode in the chair. There was a numerous attendance. The leotarer defined the asatomical structure of insects— as contra-distinguished from other articulated animals— and explained the reasons why arachnidcc and two other classes had been separated by naturalists from that class of organized befogs, re markable for the three-fold division of their bodies into head, thorax, and abdomen, and generally known as « insects.' He described the anatomical particulars of insects as a class, and gave some curious and interesting information relative to the life of such creatures, their habits, strength, and senses. He distinguished them into eight subdivisions :— Aptera, Diptera, Ineptera, Lepi deptera, Orthoptera, Hymenoptera, Neuroptera, and Cole optera. He dealt with each of these subdivisions of ineeots separately, and described each kind of these iaseots with great minuteness. In treating of the Lepidopterous insect?, Mr. Hemming spoke, with muoh commendation, of the three first numbers of the admirable work begun by the Misses Soott, of Ash Island, on the Butterflies ; expressing his very deep regret that sufficient encouragement should not have been given to finish what those ladies had so scientifically and artistically begun. The information given by the lecturer on fleas, bugs, cockroaches, locusts, moths, butterflies, wasps, bees, and ants was very elaborate sod instructive. A cordial vote of thanks concluded the proceedings. A meeting of the retail butchers of Sydney and suburbs was held on Tuesday evening, 3rd instant, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Sussex- street, for the purposa of considering as to the advisability of establishing an asso ciation. There wero between fifty and sixty persons present. Mr. Thomas Quinlan occupied the chair. The Chairman explained the objects for which the meeting had been con vened, and expressed his gratification at seeing so large an attendance, which he considered augured well for the euoceBB of the movement. He thonght that both in a social and moral point of view the retail butchers would be benefited if they were to associate together more than they did at present. And as re gards trade matters, union amongst themselves would he thonght prove beneficial to them and also to the general public. The price of meat was now very high. Some thought it was due to there being an inadequate supply of stock coming to market. But he waB one of many who were of opinion that there was no need for the present high price of meat. And he believed that if the retail butchers were to form themselves into an association they oould crush the monopoly by the wholesale dealnra, whioli he considered was the real cause of the present high price of meat. Mr. Thomas Playfair thought the present high price of meat was owing to the mono poly amongst the carcase butchers. He did not think there was any occasion for the price of meat being so high as it was at the present time. And the only way to put an end i& tbe monopoly waB for the retail butchers to form themselves into an association, and take such steps as would enable them to purchase wholesale, in the same way thst the carcase butchers purchased. At present there was no security whatever to the retail butcher. He might go to the Glebe Island one day and purchase meat at l£d. per lb,, and the following day he might have to pay 2£d. or 31. for it. He could not charge his customers the difference, or they would go elsewhere, and the consequence often was that the retail butcher lost as much in two months as he had gained by hard labour during the other ten months. Tbe wholesale dealers now caused the price to fluctuate to such an extent that it wbb next to im possible for (he retail men to obtain a living. He moved, — ' That this meeting is of opinion that it is desirable to form a butchers' association.' Mr. Bowd eeoonded the motion, and suggested that the nature of the association should be co-operative. If tbe retail butchers co-operated, they would be able to compete with the wholesale butchers in the purchase of stock. Mr. O'Connor supported the motion. He thought if the retail butchers were to form themselves into an association, they would be able to free themselves from the tyranny now practised upon them, by capitalist*, and they would be able to reduce the price of meat to the publio, and still obtain a better liveli hood than they could do at present. It was very desirable that cattle sale yards should be established; h» thought that if yards were established, many of the evils under which retail butchers werenow labouring would be removed ; for there would be a wholesome competition between Btock ovners and wholesale butchers, which would have the effect of regulating the price of meat to the retail tradesmen. Mr. Hampton thought that what the retail butchers uesired to put a stop to, waB the fluctuating price of meat before it got into their hands. If a man went to the Glebe Island one day and purchased meit at a certain price, he might have to pay 2d. per lb. more for a srtnUar article on the following day. The retail tradesman aid not like to raise the price to bis customers, in accord ance with the fluctuations in the wholesale market, and the consequence of Buch a state of things was most ruinous to those who kept shopH. He thought that by a co operative association, the retail butchers weuld bebetter able to regulate the price of meat. Tbe establishment of cattle we yards would aleo prove beneficial in destroying the present monopoly, and would thereby benefit the public as well as the retail butchers. He thought that a deputation snonld wait upon the Mayor and aldermen, to impress upon them the desirableness of establishing oattle sale t M»8 earJy as P08BibIe« The motion was put and agreed TO- Mr. Delohery spoke in favour of the formation of a ^?operative association. Mr. Hampton, in order that the movement might be initiated, moved that those who aeeired to join an association should pay at once 2b. 64., '5» °gree to pay 2s. 6d. per quarter as members. Thia ™'? agreed to, and nearly every one present paid the sub Bcnpnon. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Playfair, **? tonnor, Hulle, Smith, and Quinlan, was appointed to wait upon the Mayor and aldermen, with the view of im pressing npon the Corporation the necessity for the estab wT. .2 oeatral cattle sale yards. A vote of thanks J'»PMBett to the chairman, and the meeting adjourned jwnl aext week, when the character of the association will ee discussed and decided upon, and proper officers elected. n«£j1Slr^eroU3 attack was made on a shepherd ™m«lTttft, atQuirindi, on Monday, by a man named _J?~* ** appears the men were quarrelling about some haSfMJ^-1116 latter took an axe and struck Tuft on the Zcma?5lctalg a large scalp wound. Rose then made a SS^JttMJpt to atrike flie shepherd, who raised his arm axi^H'6*^6 blowon °» elb°w with the edgs of the f ormSS: £ Km a fcfefctfnl manner. Upon reoeiving in aeefeflferf .^ draunttawe, sub-inspector Wright pro SSSft Qm'na». «nd has taken the necessary steps to ?far an^wi*0? t0 jastioe» wh0 immediately decamped '«W committing the ofitwe,-jrNmrnm-ff Tims, In the Scots Church, Jamison-street, on Sun day, 1st inst, at the close of the morning service, the ttev. Dr. Lang announced that it was his intention to resign his position 88 pastor of that Church, on the completion of the fiftieth jear of his ministry. On the 22nd of this month he would have been during half-a-century a minister of the Presbyterian Church, for on tbe 22nd September, 1822. he was ordained at Irving, in the West of Scotland. The reverend gentleman further informed his congregation that he intended to devote the remainder of his life to the train ing up of young men for the work of the ministry. Owners of dogs are reminded that the period animals may be registered expires on the 30th of the present month, and that non-registration subjects the owner to the payment of a fine. The Act No. IV., Wil liam IV., was passed for the purpose of abating the nuisance experienced by tbe inhabitants of certain towns in the colony from the great number of canine brutes that used to roam about at large; and the operations of the statute have bad a most ealutary effeot in oheoking, although it has not nearly suppressed, the nuisanoe. In the city of Sydney, and in faot in every township throughout the colony, the limbs and even lives ef equestrians and others are endangered through the numbers of ours that are allowed, without let or hindranoe, to ran after horses going through the streets. Some very heavy costs have had from time to time to be borne by owners of ours which have occasioned the destruction of horses, or injury to the persons of peaoeful citizens. But still the nuisance is not altogether repressed, and frequent and loud are the complaints made against it. The Rev. James Cosh, M.A. (Balmain), Mode rator; Rev. Robert S. Paterson (Pyrmont), clerk; and Dr. John Moon, elder of the Presbytery of Sydney, waited upon the Honorable George A. Lloyd, Postmaater Oeneral, on August 29th, with a petition from the Pres bytery unanimously adopted, praying that steps might be taken to prevent the deBeoration of the Lord's Day by the labour performed in the Post Office ou the arrival of an English mail on Sunday, and by the departure of the mail steamer at the hour of church service on Sunday mornings. Each of the gentlemen present spoke upon the subject, and in reply the Postmaster -General said that arrangements had already been made to moderate as muoh as possible any labour necessary on the Sunday, and that the Government were now considering the question of altering the day or hour of departure of the mail steamer, when such should btppen to fall on a Sunday. The deputation thanked the Minister for his courtesy, and withdrew. A lecture on the Infallibility of the Pone was delivered on Monday evening, in St. Mary's Se'minary, by the Rev. Dr. Barsanti. There was a very large attend ance, and the elequent discourse was listened to with marked attention. The frequent and hearty applause which greeted tbe rev. lecturer testified to the appreciation by the audience of what they heard. The ohair was taken by Archdeacon Bigney. The lecturer commenced by de fining the meaning of truth, and enforcing upon his hearers the importance of seeking after and possessing it. He then proceeded to give a brief explanation of what was meant by the Infallibility of the Pope. The dogma of papal infallibility did not mean the personal infallibility of tbe Pope, or his immunity from sin. The Reman Pontiff had to confess his sins, and receive at the hands of the priest the absolution and forgiveness ef his Bins, like any other member of the Church of which he was the head. The papal infallibility did not mean the immu nity of the Pope from error ; nor was it a divine inspira tion, such as that which was granted and possessed by the Prophet?, the Apostles, or the Evangelists, or the inspired writers. But the papal infallibility in its theological meaning meant nothing less than a special Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by which the Pope was enabled to preserve holy, to expound faith fully, and to reveal the truths contained in the depositary of Faith. There was nothing puzzling, nothing startling, nothing contrary to the Scripture, he maintained, in the dogma. The Papal infallibility affected the Pope not as a private man, but in bis official, publio, solemn, sacred ca pacity, when he spoke ex cathedra in his position as Pope ; and he derived this prerogative not from his many good qualities and endowments, but simply by relying on the promisee of Christ, made to the Church.. The lecturer admitted that there were some who de nied the papal infallibility ; but their numbers were as * nothing compared to the millions upon millions who believed it. There was but one infalli bility—the infallibility of the Church represented and per sonified in the Pope. Pius the Ninth did not invent the dogma, but simply defined it as having been received from the beginning of the Christian Church. The dogma was as ancient as the Church itself ; and as the Church could not be destroyed, eo oould not be destroyed the papal infalli bility, The reverend lecturer referred to the Mosaic law, and to other portions of Scripture, for proofs in support of his statement that pontifical infallibility was as ancient as the Old Law itself. At the close of the lecture, which was delivered in very eloquent language, a vote of thanks was carried amidst continued applause. On the 4th, the City Coroner held, at the San Souci Hotel, an inquest respecting the cause of death of a man named Robert Foole. The following evidence was submitted to the jury:— William Smith deposed : lama labourer, and reside at Koggerah Bay; deceased was known to me ; he was an Englishman, and about 60 years of age ; he was a carpenter by trade, and unmarried ; he was a widower ; he had three daughters living in the colony ; deceased was living with me during the last two or three months, and employed in the neighbourhood as a bush carpenter ; deceased and I left Sans Souci Hotel on the evening of Monday, the 2nd instant, in a flat-bottomed dingy, to ends the George's River to a place oalled Wheeney ; there were only the two of us in the dingy, and we were under the influence of drink, deceased took the paSdles, and was propelling the boat with them, and when we got eome distance away the boat capsized, but how it happened or what caused it I don't know, unless it was through the drink ; we took a bottle of rum away from Sans Souci with us, and had some drinks, two or three or more before the dingy capsized — so that at the time we were both pretty drunk ; we were about 200 or 300 yards from the land when it occurred ; I swam to the shore, but the deceased could not swim, and I saw nothing more of him from the time of the boat capsizing till I saw his dead body yesterday (Tuesday), at Carter's Island, at George's River; the dingy belonged to the deceased, and he had been in the habit of pulling it. Constable Downes deposed that on Tuesday morning he proceeded to Carter's Island with last witness and a man named James Moon ; witness saw the dead body of a man lying on his face in the mud absut 100 yards from high-water mark ; the tide was out at the time, and the body was exposed ; on turning it he recognized it to be that of a man named Robert Poole; there was a little blood issuing from his right cheek and right eye ; the body was drested in shirt and trousers only ; there was a little tobacco in his pockets ; he eaw a dingy upside down about 160 yards west of the body ; it was also lying in the mud ; the body was removed to Sans Souci. Dr. Sedgwick gave it as Mb opinion that death had resulted from suffocation by drowning. The jury found that ' Deceased was accidentally drowned by the capsizing of a boat, he being at the time under the influence of drink.' It is stated by a Singleton paper that, in the Court-house there, on Tuesday last, Mr. G. T. Loder, J.P., presented Sergeant Du Vernet with the sum of £49, and stated that he had been requested by his brother, Mr. Andrew Loder, to present him with a cheque for this Burn, on behalf of several gentlemen residing in Murrurundi and neighbourhood, owing to the exertion, vigilance, and taot with which he had secured the conviction of a certain notorious cattle stealer in that district, and bo breaking np an organised gang of these people. He also said that a further eum of £10 would be presented to constable Haggett, as a recognition of the services rendered by him on tlat occasion. He, Mr. Loder, trusted that this prompt and substantial recognition ef the exertions of these officers would be an incentive to others, and cause them to strive in a like course of usefulness. Sergeant Du Vernet expressed the great pleasure that it gave him to receive this substan tial recognition of his exertions, and to Mr. Andrew Loder and the other gentlemen who so kindly subscribed to this testimonial, he begged to tender his most sincere thanks and gratitude, and would prepare a written reply to forward them. He also trusted that, if ever he had the opportunity, he would give equal satisfaction to the people of Singleton and the eunoundirjg district,— Argus% A fatal accident occurred at Merrendee (re ported by a correspondent of the JFesternPoil) AchUd w. nt to the river for a can of water, and slipped in off the bank. Be mutt have been stunned with tbe fall before reaching the water, as be never rose af !er falling in until the body was pulled out lifeless. Cries for help brought the father, who was working at a short distance from the plaoe ; on coming he at onoe jumped in, the water being out or nis depth, and be not being able to swim, he struggled for a little while end sank, and in all probability would have suf fered the same fate as his child had it not been for the pres ence of mind of Mrs. Fitzpatrick, who ran to the bank ana pushed in a heavy pole. The drowning man, on rising to tbe surface the third time, grasped it.-and was pulled to the bankbyMrs. Fitzpatriok, by whose preeenoe of mind the father was saved, as there were no men near at hand at the time. A meeting was held in the Town -hall, Bathurst, on 29th ult., tor the purpose of taking measures to urge upon the Government the necessity of granting a portion of land on section 6, in the city of Bathurst, as a site for a Public school. At the appointed hour (3 o'oIocb:) the attendance was not very large; but, in the course of a few minutes, peeple began to arrive, and shortly after the proceedings commenced there most have been upwards of two hundred peraoBB present— the largest day meeting, unconnected with electioneering matters, that has ever been Been in Bathurst. The principal resolution carried was to the following effeot : — ' That this meeting deems it desirable that a petition should be signed and forwarded to his Exoellency the Governor and the hon. the members of the Exeoutive Council of New South WaleB, requesting that the portion of the land already applied for on eeotion 6, in the oity of Bathurst, be granted as a site for a Publio sohoal.' A draft petition was read and adopted.— Urns'. At the Police Court, Braidwood, on the 28th ultimo (as reported in the Ooulbum Herald), Francis Robert Lewis Rossi was oharged with assaulting Benjamin Mawson. Mr. Gannon, who appeared for complainant, explained that defendant was captain and complainant a sergeant in the Goulbum Volunteer Company. Benjamin Maweon deposed : I live in Goulburn, and have been a soldier in active service ; I am a porter at the railway station, and pd gaged there from 6 at night till 6 in the morning ; on Monday, the 26th, in the evening, defendant called to see me at the railway station, when I was on duty, but not as a volunteer; defendant spoke to me about my boy, who is in the band; he made some own plaints about the boy ; the boy afterwards came to me, and I took him down to the District Court office to Captain Rossi; I knocked at the door, and went in ; I said, ' Captain, I've brought the boy down for the purpose of having this matter investigated ; ' as soon as I said so, defendant jumped up off his ohair, and coming towards me said, 'go out of my offioe: you're in uniform, and I order you to go out of my office ; ' I said I was not in uniform ; in the aot of backing out of the room just as I was going through the door defendant came behind the door, pushed it to, and jammed me between it and tbe post ; I could not have got out without a great struggle ; defendant then seized me by the arm and shoved me out by main force ; I never refused to go out ; I never resisted him in any way ; I said or did nothing to cause him to be so excited ; this took plaoe at the door of the inside office; it is one of the publio offices; all the band were outside; defendant was very excited, and took hold of me with both hands. To Mr. Betts: Captain Rossi came to tbe station to see if there would be any drill ; after that, be spoke to me about my boy ; I asked if any one was present exoept the bandmaster when the matter complained of as regards the boy took plaoe ; I doubted the wotd of the bandmaster ; Captain Hossi said some thing to tbe effect that he would not hear any more on the subject ; he said he would take his own course ; I went to his office to have the case investigated ; Captain Rossi may have said, ' I told you I would say nothing more to you on the subjeot ;'' at the same time he told me to leave tbe room in a very abrupt manner ; I was about a yard inside the room ; Captain Rossi was sitting in a chair near the fire ; the door was partly open ; when Captain Rossi told me to leave the room I moved baokwards ; he did not give me time to go out ; I could not have got out before Captain Rossi came up to me ; I might have tamed and run ; defendant pressed the door against me with both . hands, I think ; tbe door was shut after I was out, and I never went to the door again ; I stopped in the adjoining room for a minute ; the only time defendant touched me was when he pushed me out of the room. A question by Mr Bttts as to whether complainant's son had since sent a written apology to Mr. Dearie, the bandmaster, being objected to by Mr. Gannon, was not pressed. Mr. Betts then addressed the Benoh, arguing that Captain Rossi waB justified in what he did, as the rocm after office hours was his private room. But even if tbe Bench thought that he was not quite justified, still the assault was of a most trivial character, and it was there fore competent for the Bench to dismiss the case. He was proceeding to give Captain Rossi's version of the matter ; but this was objected to by Mr. Gannon. In conclusion Mr. Betts urged that the more proper course for complain ant to bave taken was to have reported the case to the volunteer authorities. Mr. Gannon remarked that as the patties were not in uniform the matter would not properly come under the cognizance of the volunteer authorities. The police magistrate said that the Benoh could not take notice of tbe volunteer element in the case. The Bench were of opinion that the defendant's conduct was net justi fied. He himself thought that a fine of a Is. would meet the justice of the case ; but a majority of the Bench thought tbe amount should be higher. The defendant was there fore fined 5s., with costs of Court, 7s. 8d. Mr. F. W. Carmichael writes on the marriage of white girls to Polynesians as follows : — ' I write this letter on a eubject which I would like to see treated by an abler pen than mine— it is concerning the marriage of white girls with natives of the Pacific Islands. Latterly I have been staying at Lifu, where I made the acquaintance of three white girls, who were married in Brisbane, a short time ago, to three Lifu men. I am certain if those people who hBd tbe audacity to defend the conduct of thoBe girls in uniting themselves to black men were to see them ia their present condition, they would be as bitter against thoEe marriages as they are in favour of them. No reason able person can for a moment suppose that these girls knew tbe life of misery they were condemning themselves to in marrying such men. For some time past the poor women have been deprived of the common necessaries of life— such as tea, sugar, and fleur — which they have bad to beg from tbe white settlers on the island. The Roman Catholic missionaries at Lifu have been kind enough to give them each a small quantity of these articles ; but, as the missionary told me himself, he could not afford to be continually pending them what they required. What little money their husbands saved in Queensland was spent in paying the passages of themselves and wives to Lifu ; and it is well known amongst people who have had dealings with these natives, that however good they are working for other people at other places, on their own island they have no care for the morrow, and to work earnestly and regularly is the last thought that enters their hesdF. Since the arrival of these women at Lifu, according to their own account, and their husbands' also, they have been living on yams and cocoanuts, which, how ever suitable to natives, are hardly sufficient to sustain white people. Their husbands' relations are complaining that they should have to support these white women, eo that in a short time, if they remain on the island, they will have to do the eame drudgery as the black women — such as go and dig the land and carry wood and water on their backs like beasts ef burden. The black man is fond of novelty, but eoon tires of it ; and as a white woman, married to a black man, is something unusual with them, he will soon get tired of her too. These white women have been told by the representative of the French Government at Lifu, that they are at liberty te leave the island and their so-called husbands whenever they choose ; and, as they themselves told me and the person who was with me, they are only seeking an opportunity to do bo. There are several coasting vessels there who would gladly take them away amongst white people, only for fear of creating disturbances with the natives.' — Britbane Courier. A telegram was received by a gentleman in Sydney on Saturday, from Port Darwin, which advises people to wait further advices before leaving for the North. The stone is reported rich, but it has not yet been tried. Fever arid, ague, the telegram states, are prevalent. The picture 'Tbe Rivals,'- by W. CVe Thomas, has become tbe properly of Mr. S. A. Joseph, for the sum of two hundred guineas. It was recently pUoed in the hands of Messrs. Bradley, Newton, and Lunb for disposal, and would have been eent to England if a pur chaser had not been found in the colony. We understand that the clerical and lay members of the Gonlburn Diooesau Synod were eum mened to meet on the 6th of September. It is uncertain bow long the session will continue ; but various subjects, of which, notice has been given, will be discussed.— Goulburn Herald. The diabolical crime of mutilating animals seems to be on the increase; horses hamstrung, oattle cut and backed, sheep's legs broken are almost of daily occurrence in one or other parts of the country ; and we now find that even pigs are subjected to this brutal treatment. The Oundagai Times states that 'many of the pigs which pick np a living on the South Gundagai flats, and form no inconsiderable part of the valuable property of tbe residents in that interesting suburb, bave of late been disfigured ani mutilated by some knavish or mischievous person or persons cutting off their ears, probably with the view of so altering their aspect, prior to stealing them, as to render identifica tion by their rightful owners a diffioult matter.' Accidents in the mines from explosions by the use of iron tamping rods (observes the Western Post) are now the regime. During the last month there have been three miners taken to the looal hospital, who have been . injured by explosions, and in all three cases the same parts of the body have been wounded. In the case of the man who was fchot at tbe Grattai reef, the tamping rod was lost entirely— had it etruik the man's skull, death would almost have been inevitable. In the case of the two man wh» were injured in Biemark's claim, the tamping was done (as it is alleged) by means of pieces of quartz and a wooden bar. We cannot verify this statement, but it appears so far satisfactory to our minds that the whole public must necessarily come to the conclusion, that out of every ten accidents in the mines nine are occasioned by carelessness on the part of the miner*, and also chiefly through the use of improper tools. During the last three months at Hill End, according to the Observer, ten accidents have occurred in the mines there, three of which have ended fatally. On July 30 two men reoeived moBt severe injuries in Beard and Farley's claim from -\ tamping with an iron bar. On August 26th, one man met his death in the Great Extended claim, and another had his arm blown off, two fingers smashed, and his foot broken, through using an iron tamping bar. In the case of the man who paid for bis rashness with death, the bar dashed his brains out. Thus it will be seen that in about the laBt five weeks three men have been severely injured in our own email minirjg community, and three at Hill End, through the use of improper tools whilst tamping. — [Would it not be possible to cover tbe heads of tamping rods with strong guttaperchacapsP This might lessen the danger.— Ed. 8.M.] On August 24, Coogan, a free selector, came into Munuiuudi with his wife, and on their return, previous to reaching home, Coogan said he would go into the bush and drive in a cow, which he accordingly did,, leaving his wife to go home. He did not come home on the Saturday evening (Bays the Times) when search, was made for him by some of the neighbours the greater part of Saturday night, all day on bunday, till Monday at 4 o'olook, when be was discovered quite dead. The unfortunate man was found under a tree, and bad, by appearanoe, been dead for some time, as his limbs were quite rigid, He had been ailing for some time from disease of the heart, and had been attended by a medical gentleman from Murrurundi, who informed him that he would die a Budden death before long. The Imperial Act for the prevention of the slave trade in the South Seas has been published in Victoria, and is operative in all the Australian colonies. On the publication of the alleged atrocities on board the brig Carl, the Government of Victoria, as the vessel started on her cruise from the port of Mel bourne, lest no time in taking steps to asoertatn the circumstances under whioh the vessel was fitted out. The police, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Customs, and the chief medical officer, were requested to aid in the inquiry. Dr. M'Crea was called upon to report how he came to employ such a person as Dr. Murray in the small-pox hospital at Sandhurst, however urgent the oir cumstances might have beru. The chief medical offioer replied that Dr. Murray offered his services when the small pox first broko out at Sandhurst, but they were not required. Subsequently, when Dr. Cruikshank found that his duty to his patients prevented him from visiting the small-pox hospital, he (Dr. M'Crea) remembering Dr. Murray's previous application, he being then at Sandhurst, he engaged him to take charge of the hOEpital. He did not know at the time that he had any connection with the Carl. The Customs authorities report en this case as follows : — ' The brig Carl was re ported at the Port of Melbourne on the 14th April, 1871, from Batavia, with a cargo of eago, rice, coffee, and sugar. She was then owned by Mr. Harold Selwyn Smith, and was commBnded by Thomas William Lookyer, besides whom &be; had a crow of nine men, and carried two guns. She was sold on tbe 25th of the same month to JameB Patrick Murray, M.D., and mortgaged to her former owner, Mr. Smith, in twe bums of £369 and £733 respectively, and she was subsequently remort gagtd to Messrs. Turnbull, Smith, and Co. The new owner Dr. Murray, on the 1st June, applied to have the name of William Hardie placed on the register as master. On the 3rd June the brig cleared out for Levuka with a general cargo, including 6ix horses, and on the 5th of the eama month she was granted an additional clearauoe for five cases of gunpowder, shipped by B. R. Matthews and Son, and consigned to James P. Murray. There is no record of any arms, fetters, or other goods having been put on board by which an illegitimate trade could have been suspected. As Hardie bad no certificate of competency, £. F. Flynn was made tailing master, and it is believed that he left tha vetselat the Heads, and subsequently shipped as an able Eeaman on board the Somersetshire. The offloers and crew consisted of thirteen men besides the master, two being grooms to be discharged in Fiji. Murray shipped as surgeon, Aimfctrong as mate, and Johnson as cook and steward.' — Argus. We regret to record the death of Mr. William M. Hudson, tather of Mr. Frederick Hudson, of Warwick, and who was one of the oldest colonists of Australia. The deceased waB, as it were, a connecting link between the last and the present generation. In his youth the great naval engagements under Lord Nelson took place, and he wit nessed most of the rejoicings which those victories oooa sioned, and he was present (when a young man) at the funeral of the great admiral. Mr. Hudson oame to Aus tralia shortly after this, in 1807, where he has resided ever since, a period of sixty-five yeare. He used to delight in telling how, in 1815, be was the firet to introduce coaches into the colony, and how, shortly afterwards, he was the first to drive Governor Maequarie over the Blue Mountains, in New Eouth Wales. He was comparatively aotive until a week or two ago, when his iron constitution succumbed to old age, and he died on the night of Sunday week, aged 89.— Warwick Examiner. On Monday. Mr. Browne, P.M. and coroner, held an inquest at his' office upon the body of John TomUnson, son of Mary Tomlinson, a dissolute woman residing on the Mudgee road. From the evidence it appeared that a few days previous, while his mother was away from home, the child fell into the fire, and there remained for eome hours, the fire literally consuming its feet up to the ankles. Several medical men attended the little sufferer, but its trials ended on Saturday. After carefully considering the evidence, the jury returned a verdict that John Tomlinson came by his death by burning, caused by the wilful negleot of hie mother, whereupon ahe was committed for trial. — Gtdffong Guardian. Shortly after noon, on Tuesday, as two work men were engaged moving a heavy log at Mr. Teece'a tannery, Goulburn, they suddenly lost control over it, and (says the Southern Argus) it fell with an awful crash, one of the men, named William Gale, being unable tu escape, receiving the whole weight open his foot. When released from his agonizing position it was fouad that the injuries were very severe, several of his toes being jambed almost to the tbianeee of a wafer. 