THE COMING COMET. (Sjlufdiy lici'icw.~l Nervous people, as it is credibly stated, have been put to great anxiety by (he announcement which recently ap peared in the pa|wr6, that a- distinguished astronomer bad discovered n inmiBtrnus comet rushing Etra.it towards un will, nmaaing rapidity from the remote abysses of cpaco, and yet pursuing itu cour&c; with as little tendency to deviation as though it vrcro running upon rails;. Some friendly planet might by potii li.ity t'Ut forth a helping hand, and twit t the approaching monster from its ronrsc, as the bcro of a novel direrts tbc runaway Bleed just as il U about to crush (be heroine, Good-natnicd as tronomers li«vc taken pains to explain diet Uiore in no such comet coming; tbat, if it were coming, it would bo a very welcome visitor; and that we hare already passed through a comet; and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, lint the; tre terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to nndorstand that the ? —. arc robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not iu tbn'r boyhood — for even nstro'ioincrs lu*vi. been hoys— Hiiati'lieii a fearful juy f'L'm llie ghosts and other Btipernat-.ire danij.-rs with which a cliihlish iraa .nation loves to people the dim bur:- of its liltlo «or d ? Would nnyl... willingly givo np tlmt delicious fe.-liii;; of superstitious awe which wafl at once tho L-lmrni and terror of bis eorly years, and have oil phantoms suppressed till tlio world road station ? Astrcmom.TS have, nl rendy taken tcrrildo liberliefi willi tho comet of onr childhood. The hnqe fiery monster plunging through thn slry trilh a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, ui.d bnd, as it were, a mathematical hook put in its juns, til! his impre^sivenefiS has de parted from him. Wo know the legend of Cuvier's descent into tbe infernal regions, and 'f ''is declaration that tho horns nnd hoofs which terrified our in fancy wero unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Even so tho comet has been lowered in popular esti mation till our skies Imvu licomo as ompfyof horrors Hyilc Park of tigers. Sir W. Thomson, imlecd, was kind enough last autumn to revive some, of our ancient alarms, nnd Uj assure us that, somo time or other, Iho world would he smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring nhniit n collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, his fellow-philosophers found fault with Bomoofhis details, for *cicuco is a re morseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period ' dally with fuUo surmise,' and endea vour to return to tbe simple faith of a child. Lot us imiurii.o that the astro nomer has really prophesied our ap proaching fnto, and that tin' prophesy is correct. Within n few weeks wo shall he able, without tbc help of telescopes, to sea the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before af frighted the human race. It will grow, slowly at Orst, but afterwards witli a rate of increase almost porceplihle to our naked vision, (ill nt last the wbolo sky will be lit up with the fiery |wrtent. Night by night we (shall watch its ter rible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the enn itself. Tbe temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than any thing that is endured in the hottest roam of n Turkish bntb. Hut the timo during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will Ue brief indeed. Tlie two large bodies, |ilnugiiur toward each other nt n paco compared with which the spet'd ot a cannon-ball is absolute ret,t, will crash into each other ivith o lidcons collision. If we hnnnon tn he, placed between two such nntagonisli;, we shnll not have time even for an ejaculation. The potty race of in sects that crawls unionist tlio little, ex crescences nn the earth's skin wi!l bo instantaneously dismissed from cvist chco. On tire otlwr side, of the. world we shall, perhaps, have just one flosti of Eonsatiun. We sball sec the moun tains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spin ning into space just us tbe dust — to in dulge in a humble simile— is knocked off Ihc under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For nn instant we sball have a glimpse of tho broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, lo whirl through the nniverse, each bearing with it — so wo shnll remember on tbc faith of a president of the Uritish Associ ation — sonic minute perms to ho planted, il they have good luck, on some, distant planet, and there tn begin over again tlmt endless process of evo lution which will have come to so sum mary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, wo maj' contemplate another alternative, o:id Riipj ose that we jnst miss the nucleus of the cornet, but are wrapped in liis fiery tail, which will torn oceans into steam, dissipate tho internal ice uf tho poles, and singe tho world into the likeness of an Anicriciiu prairio after a tire. Nothing will be loft but ft vast surface of grey ashes, gradnolly to be converted into mud as tin- waters again condense and descend npon tho depopulated planpt. Alo; ! we rannot claim the eloqnnncd which would be necessary to do justice to Ruch tremendous catastrorbos. Milton wiiting undor tlio supcrintendepv.o of Dr. Cumniing, might pwsiblv oe equal to Iho t«sk of describing ;he complete, nnd instantaneous, vuin of n world, but natn-e is. not prodigal, she only gives ono sued niiinl at a time. We have ventured to suggest the haro outlines of a purely imaginary picture, which onr readers must fill ^., fur themselves. It is rntbor curious to inquire what would he Ibc siaic oi onr minds if such a calastropbc could renllv be predicted on scientific Kronnds, and wo were tmiiy 1o 'nclievo tbe men of science. It is necessary to notice this la«t condition, for it is highly nrohshla Hint we should resolutely declino to beliove any thinp; so niiplonsaut. There arc limits to nno's foiih even in mathematics, and wo shonld insist upon our prophets prophesying nrp.or.th things, even if they bad to twist a few laws of natnrc for the purpose,. BHt ]Pt us iinnsiuo that this diPlcullv is sur mounted. If wo were K|| really con vinced lltat at 4. oVioofc ,,.,„., Greenwich lime, on the n,xt 12th of August, the «b.,le hn-.,inn rnce and its .Helling idoce would bo snmtun'ilv knocked to atoms what would l.o the olTect oa our minds ? The most natural suppo sition is, perhaps, thai the wh ile coiirso of affairs woii.il hr- thrown out of gear, nnd that we should l.c reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling mmhl cither po into retirement, oc would endeavour lo awaken tho con sciences of tlio sinners around them ; wlii'st the sinners wottlj become utterly reckless, and would rcmi-mher that there was no n* in koopinri a cellar of vitio to lie consumed hy n crmct. Komc uneh tendency wo«1d, - f ennrse, bo manifest : but the question remains, how far it would bo over jmwerod by 1be opposite tendpney to be carried on by simple vie inertia? in our old gtooves. After a little limo ono would becomo more or less accustomed, to the prospect. One would feel thit, if it was not worth wbilo to undertake anything new, neither was it worth wbilo to give np the old employments which have bccon.c. nrCC56ary parts of OUT OXiEtcnCC. TliCrn nrn fnnionar-alilA stories, such ns ll.nt of tlie man who in sisted on taking his accustomed pill an. hour heforc he was hanged i and if wo wero all under sentence of execution— as, indeed, sermons arc opt to remind us that wo are, even without the interven tion of a comet — it is, perhaps, reason able to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bnlk of mankind wonldssy, ' Its nil Tery well ; wo shall not want anything more after the 12th of Angnst ; bat that is no reason why we should not ban par regular meals and enjoy onr newspaper* 