LITERATURE. AN EXTREMELY AWKWARD FIX. Quisby was perhaps the most rascally attorney in London, and Quisby occupied chambers at Number Six, Hardenne-build ings, Temple. It -was the oldest, dustiest, dirtiest, most ramshackle corner of the Temple in existence, and Quisby's staircase ?was the oldest, dustiest, dirtiest, and most ramshackle in the entire buildings. There was an air of mystery about the dwellers on the staircase ; you never knew when to find them in, though it did not take you long to find some of them out. The staircase at Hardenne-buildings was a hopeless one. It was a series of sported oaks all the way from the top to the bottom. You came to the conclusion that the dwellers in its chambers were an eccentric race who always entered their rooms hy the window in some mysteri- ous fashion. It was a massive staircase, with wide oaken steps, and with a bold balustrade fit for a baronial hall. Yet it looked sad and ghostly, and had the stamp of grim despair impressed on every plank, on every joist, and on every stanchion in its constitution. It looked like a surreptitious ladder to the Court of Chancery, or the backstairs entrance to a family vault. I knew this staircase ! pretty well, for I had been up and down it a great many times in search of Quisby. I i first mounted it many years ago, to see this I gentleman, who had been my uncle's solicitor. Hehaddrawnupmy uncle's will, he was his sole executor, and in the event of his , dying without any relatives all the property was to go to Quisby. My uncle had, I do not know why, the highest'opinion of Quisby. At the time of my uncle's last illness I was knocking about Europe, and happened to hear of it quite by chance over the tables at Baden-Baden. I came straight away to town, and was with him until he died. I was his only remaining relation, consequently all his property would come to me. I found Quisby continually at the house ; he was always buzzing about and making himself busy with private papers. I did not much like his interference, but he was such a con- fidential friend of my uncle's that I could not do much to prevent it. He was always saying what a dear friend Quisby had been to him, what an excellent lawyer Quisby was, and almost the last words he addressed to me were, " My dear boy, if ever you want a friend, go to Quisby, always trust Quisby ; he is a capital man of business and a conscien- tious lawyer. HonestTom Quisby is the best fellow I know." I had my own opinion about Mr. Quisby's honesty, though I freely admitted he was an excellent man of business. My first visit was paid to his chambers a week after my uncle was buried, and I had some difficulty in finding the office of " honest Tom." I went up to the very top of Number Six, Hardenne-buildings, and over the only oak I could find unsported I found the names "Mr. Prawn," "Mr. Hyke Hyke. " and "Mr. Rumpelrock." 1 wondered very much where I could find Mr. Quisby. It was too far to go downstairs to inquire at the porter's lodge, so I rapped smartly at the door, thinking very probably either Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Hyke, or Mr. Rumpelrock would be able to give one the desired infor- mation. The door was opened by Quisby, Quisby smiling all over his face. "Ah, my dear Mr. Spatchberry! How are you? Difficulty in finding me I dare say. Very sorry. Quite forgot to tell you I occupied chambers with my excellent friends Prawn, Hyke Hyke, and Rumpelrock. They're away on circuit just now, or I should have been most happy to introduce you. " I found Quisby to be wonderfully polite, but I fancied even then I saw in him a disposi- tion to put things off and to delay winding matters up. He would always say, "We understand each other, Mr. Spatchberry. There's plenty of time, plenty of time. Better not to hurry matters." It was to his interest not to bring affairs to a conclusion: not only could he have the use of certain moneys, but he could cook accounts to serve his own purpose, and swell his own bill as much as he pleased. Another thing which made him anxious to delay all settlement was the fact that if I died before he did, and without any children, the whole of the money reverted to himself. I mention all these facts to account for what follows at the conclusion of my story. The interior of Quisby's chambers was very dusty and untidy ; there were a few tin boxes, a quantity of papers tied in red tape, one or two parchments, which, so it seemed to me, were always displayed somewhat ostentati- ously on the table. The place was small and ill-arranged, and where on earth those distinguished barristers, Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Hyke, and Mr. Rumpelrock, carried on their business it was impossible to say. However, it did not much matter, for, what- ever time of the year it was, they were always on circuit. Quisby was always very polite ; he always produced from a mysteii ous cupboard a bottle of superb Madeira " Some that your dear uncle gave me, Mr. Spatchberry"-(I am perfectly certain that the rascal stole it out of my uncle's cellars) and he always ushered me through the little lobby, and opened the door in a most deferential manner when I took my departure. He was a great man for last words, was Quisby : he would have some polite thing to say, some pleasing little anecdote to relate, at the last moment, and would keep me fre- quently hanging about the threshold for four or five minutes. On one of these occasions I noticed, without attaching any importance to the matter at the time, that the lintel, the threshold, and the posts of the doorway were rather wider than usual ; it was not much, perhaps, say an inch or two, but it gave a look of massive strength to the doorway, and a greater space between the oak and inner' door. Time wore on, and I found that Quisby would come to no settlement and would ren- der no aceonnt. I began to be impatient. I made frequent ascents of the dismal staircase at No. 6, Hardenne- buildings, and always found Quisby's oak sported. I never could see. him except by appointment, and then he was as bland and as unsatisfactory as ever. It made it more provoking, as I was just en- gaged to be married to the sweetest little girl in the world, but who, like too many sweet little girls, had most abominable and trouble- some relations, who would not consent to the marriage until I could show that I was a man of some little property, and they natu- rally refused to believe any other evidence than my banker's book. Thanks to Quisby's procrastination, my banker's book did not believe a word about the handsome fortune I should have when my uncle's affairs weie wound up. It was no use talking to Pet ; for she like a little fool, put more faith in her re- j lations than in the man she professed to love, | and would not consent to " name the day, " though I had "bought the ring " long ago. These abnoxious relations said-and it seemed not without reason-that the marriage should take place directly matters were definitely settled about my uncle's property. The turn, that matters had taken rendered it imperative that some settlement should be made with Quisby without delay. I had heard rather I queer rumours about my legal adviser, and more than one person had counselled meto get out of his clutches, and not a few of my friends had boldly stated that they considered Quisby to be a slippery customer. Goaded to indignation by all these circumstances, I wrote him a very sharp letter, to which I re- ceived no reply. I went up to Hardenne buildings, and amused myself by kicking off the toes of my boots, reading a placard which informed me that " Mr. Quisby would return at three." I waited there till six, and then returned home and wrote a furious, if not libellous, letter to theshamelessprocrastinator. After waiting a day or two I recived a note from him, as cool and polite as ever. He expressed himself as somewhat hurt that the " nephew of his old friend should express himself in such terms, but that, under the circumstances I had been placed in, he could readily excuse a little natural indignation and impatience. Everything, however, could be satisfactorily settled now, and if I would call upon him on the following Tuedsay fortnight, at two o'clock, everything could be wound up." I showed this letter to my future father-in-law, and he behaved well under the circumstances. He said there had been too much delay already, and if I would bring him the documents in the evening after my interview with Quisby, we would have a quiet wedding, and I might bear away my bride on Wednesday following. This was fair enough, and you may be sure I was at Quisby's chambers at the time appointed, ex- act to the hour. I noticed a hansom cab, waiting at the entrance toHardenne-building, with one small partmanteau stowed inside. Now it was so unusual a circumstance for cabs to be waiting in this part of the Temple, that I at once came to the conclusion that Mr. Prawn, Mr. Hyke Hyke, or Mr. Rumpel- rock had returned from circuit. However, that mattered not to me. I mounted the weary staircase, I hoped for the last time, and found Quisby, though somewhat pre-occu pied in manner and flurried in speech, still very polite and considerate. He begged I would take a seat, and he brought out the bottle of old Madeira. He apologised for his room being in such a muddle, but he informed me that Rumpelrock had just returned, and they had been going over some papers to- gether. As he made this remark, I noticed that most of the tin boxes were open, that books were littered about the floor, and there was a pile of torn papers in one corner of the room i there was a heap of light blue ashes in the fireplace, and a smell of burnt parch- ment pervading the entire place. I begged he would not mention it at all. " And now, Mr. Quisby, let us get to our buisiness, " said I, Avith a considerable amount of firmness. " Certainly, my dear Mr. Spatchberry, re- plied that gentlemen ; " this matter has been for a long time in hand, and I am, I can assure you, as anxious as you are that it should be Avound up before Ave part. This will, I trust, be our last business meeting ; not, I trust our last meeting as friends. You knoAvyour dear uncle and I, Mr. Spatchberry. -Ah ! have another glass of that excellent Avine, sir. You must excuse this Aveakness, even in a professional man, Mr. Spatchberry." And the rascal attempted to wipe away a tear. He kept on muddling and maundering in this fashion. He Avas always losing papers, producing the wrong ones, and saying hehad left documents at his private residence. When I asked for particular papers, he said. " Yes my dear sir ; I am coming to that pre- sently. But he never came to it. When 1 asked *him to produce a statement of the accounts, he said he had left the book at home, but expected the boy Avith it every moment. At last he pulled out his watch, and said, Dear ! dear ! it is just four o'clock. I fear Ave shall be obliged to have another meeting to finally Avind matters up. I find I haAre another appointment, and I am rather late as it is ; I am sure you Avili excuse me, my dear Mr. Spatchberry, your uncle's old friend, you know !" I had been gradually boiling as I had listened to his impotent excuses and his puerile drivel during the Avhole time I had been sitting Avith him ; and now-when I found he Avas as far off a settle- ment as ever-that I should have to put off my Avedding all on account of his procrastina- tion and vacillation-my indignation knew no bounds. ''No, sir!" I said, bringing my fist down Avith such a bang on his table, that 1 sent blots of ink all over his buff Avaistcoat, and pens flying all over his room, " I don't stir from this room till you render some account of your executorship ; I believe you haAre spent the money, sir ; I believe you have concealed some document, and tampered with others ; I believe you to be a liar, and a swindler and a thief! there, sir ! I dont move from here, and you don't move from here, sir until you give me some satisfactory explanation ! " My dear Mr. Spatchberry," said he, gradually edging towards the door as he put on his hat, " pray calm yourself ; you'll be sorry that you have said all thest hard things against your uncle's old friend : if you'll come and see me to-morrovvv my clerk Avili bring all the books ; I Avili draw a cheque for the amount due to you, and every thing Avillbe right ; but you really must ex- cuse me ; it is a quarter of an hour past mj time noAv." " To-morrow, Mr. Quisby wil be too late ! " I roared ; " now, sir, now ! a this very moment, I Avili have a settlement excuse you, sir? certainly not "-Quisby had opened the door and was gliding into the lobby by that time. I took up my hat de- termining to walk with him, and give him a bit of my mind by the way. He opened the inner door and then returned, as if he were about to make some proposition. He once more said, "Really, Mr. Spatchberry, you must excuse me ; good morning ! " " Excuse you, sir ? no !" I roared ; I will follow you wherever you go. I will cling to you and give you in charge of the first policeman I meet," "With that I made a rush at him, but he was to quick for me. I just slipped through the inner door, catching the handle in my coat tail pocket, and pulling it to be- hind me. I had just touched his coat, when the ponderous, massive, be-clamped, and be rivetted iron-plated oak was savagely flung back on me like a sledge hammer knocking me almost senseless and flattening all the breath out of my body. I heard the latch go with a cruel glibness and I knew that my case was hopeless. I say, I was knocked almost senseless, because I'm certain I did not lose my senses for the first few minutes and after the shock of the first blow was over, I have a distinct recollection of hearing the wheels of a hansom cab speeding over the stones in the lane below. In spite of all my pain and annoyance, I believe, my first thought was of the very comical nature of my position. My nose, which, by the way, is a prominent and somewhat well shapen organ, war flattened against a sharp-edged rivet. It was bleeding, but, lam glad to say, not broken. The back of my head felt as though it were coming off; a brass knocker was smashed into my cervical vertebraî, or my cervical vertebraî'into a brass knocker, I cculdnot say which ; one eye gazed on the outer world, through the letter-slit, the other exposed to a terrible draught by means of a crack in the timber of the door. There was a door-handle driven violently into the small of my back ; there was the mark of a keyhole indelibly impressed on my stomach, and one of my - ribs felt as though it were broken. My feet were turned in to such an extent that I did not know which were my heels and which my toes, and my legs felt as if the calves had changed places with the shins. I was pressed so tightly against the inner door that I could feel the grain of the wood, and knew the position of every knot and irregularity in the surface. Indeed, I had a map of the whole country most accurately embossed on my back, I had one front tooth broken and three loosened, and I had the feeling as if all un- buttons were sewn tightly on to my skin. Ä fly was crawling slowly over my forehead but I could not raise my hand to brush him off. I had not space to inflate my lungs property, and my only supply of fresh air was through the letter-slit. This was a nice situation to be in, certainly. It would be bad enough of itself, but when added to this, I had the re- flection that my confidential lawyer was evi- dently the most infernal scamp that ever existed, and that my marriage wouldhave to be put off, indeed, would probably never take place, I ground my loosened teeth with rage, and would have stamped my feet with vexa- tion, but I had no room to stamp them. A. ray of hope comes to me ; I can just get my right hand high enough to reach the latch, and if that rascally Quisby had only slammed the door, I might have a. chance of liberty even now. Alas ! alas ! I find that double dyed villain not only slammed the door, but locked it as well. I give up all hope pf being, let out for many days, for I know there are few people come up and down this staircase, and none ever venture so high as the third floor. I wonder what time it is. My watch has stopped, I know; for the glass is smashed, and I can feel bits of it working through my waisteoat lining and pricking me. I ám quite loosing all power of speech. My breath is getting so short that I could riot possibly scream if I tried. I hear footsteps ascend ing the staircase. I know they will not come so far as the third floor. I listen anxiously. Yes, they are coming up. Slowly, steadily, wearily, clump, clump, clump.' It is the postman. He approaches Quisby's door. He pops a letter through the slit. Thè corner of it goes right into my eye, and it flutters down to my feet. It is a letter from Pet. I know it is. It is scented with her favorite perfume. Ire collect now she said she would post me a letter round to Quisby's containing something of the utmost importance. Here's a nice position to be in ! With an important letter from your lady-love within a yard of your hand, and yet you are unable to reach it; I try to speak to the postman, but my tongue refuses to articulate. I give a faint groan. He stops, says something about "Hardenne's Ghost again, " and trips lightly down the staircase. I recollect having read somewhere of aman being bricked up, and of his making one gigantic exertion, where he discovered the weak point of the; brickwork, and bringing the whole fabric about his ears, and escaping from his prison. I wonder if I were to flex all my muscles at once, and dis- tend my body, should I be able to burst one door or the other r I am determined to try it. I put out all my strength, but it is of no use whatever. My back becomes more grained than ever, and I feel altogether exhausted. A nice' position, truly, for a respectable gentleman in the nineteenth century ! Here I am, within two minutes walk of Fleet-street, within five of Bow-street Police Station, in the very centre of the finest legal talent in England, and yet lam as much a prisoner as if I were immured in the Pozzi, below the Grand Canal of Venice. I can even hear the monoto- nous trampof the policeman on theflag^below, I can hear him chatting with the ticket porters, and yet I am unable to summon him to my assistance. It must be getting late, for I cannot see any daylight through the I¿tter-slit. Ah! there go the chimes from the various surrounding churches ; as far as my confused senses will permit me to count, it must be seven o'clock-the very I time I ought to be sitting down to dine with Pet's papa in Russell-square. I know he will get in a terrible rage at waiting. I wonder how long he will wait ? Bj' the way, talking of dinner reminds me that I feel terribly hungry. There is a very savory smell of sausages waited up the staircase. It is some of those rascally boy-clerks below having something good for tea after their masters have left. I see a glimmer of light coming up the staircase. A ray of hope and and a ray of light ; it is the lamplighter. I cannot see him through the letter-slit, but I can hear him breathing hardly, and wheezing and grunting. I attempt to shout. I only succeed in making a noise like a badly-oiled pump trying to yawn. The lamplighter does not stay a moment ; he has probably heard of Hardenne's Ghost, for he rattles down-stairs, never once stopping till he reaches the bottom, and I can hear him pattering up the lane at the top of his speed. Afterwards I doze off into a semi-conscious- ness ; I do not know whether I feel very sleepy, or whether my mind is giving way altogether. I rouse up a little when I hear another footstep coming up the stairs. I think I shall be able to speak this time, for I have somehow twisted myself so that my mouth is just opposite the letter-slit. Ah ! I thought so ; it is the late postman. I am just about to speak to him when he posts a particularly hard newspaper almost into my mouth. Of course it will not pass.through, whereupon he gives it a savage drive, and says, "Yah! go in, yer beast?" and leaves it sticking in the slit. From this circum- stance I infer that Mr. Quisby is not very profuse in the matter of Christmas-boxes. It is all very well, but this inconsiderate postman has not only made my gums bleed, but he has entirely stopped up the aperture whence I obtain my supply of fresh air. I cannot reach as high as this with my hands, so I have no resources left but to nibble the newspaper off bit by bit, and this is no easy matter to do with your front teeth all loosened. But it is a matter of life and death ; once stop up my supply of* fresh air, I knew, in my enfeebled condition, that I should soon collapse altogether. So I nibbled away at the paper ; it gave me some amusement, and I dare say I derived considerable nutriment from the size contained therein, albeit I love not the flavor of printers' ink. With the greatest exertion, and with a feeling of faint exultation, I managed gradually to chew Quisby's newspaper all to pieces, and once more establish a current of fresh - air through the letter-slit. It was a cold, chilly night air that came through. Everything was .silent except the chimes of the neighboring clocks. My reason was too far gone to count them, but I knew from the feeling of the atmosphere that it must be far into the middle of the night, and that I must have been at work on that miserable newspaper for many hours. There was a deathly chilli- ness coming over my forehead ; my brain felt on fire ; my feet were icy cold ; I had "pins and needles" down my back, and cramp in my left arm. I felt painfully wake- ful, and yet occasionally I dozed off into .delirious dreams. I dreamed I was being ?crushed in one of the old torture- chamber of Venice ; I dreamed I had been bound up as a book, and was so afraid that some one would attempt to cut the leaves ; I dreamed I had been " put to bed" in a printing press, and was fearfubsome one might want to take a pull before T was quite level ; I dreamed I was pinned out as an entomological specimen by the King of Brobdingnag ; I dreamed that I had been squashed as a blackbeetle by the Queen of the same country ; that my back was a rough deal board, and that some- body was going to plane it; that Quisby, laden with my uncle's gold, was dancing a mad saraband on my prostrate body. When I awakened from thèse wretched dreams, it -was only to find my heart beating like the hammers of a busy ship-yard, my tongue hanging out of my mouth, and my hands almost paralysed. At last my heart seemed to stop altogether ; my head swam ; I had no feeling left ; I seemed to float out through the letter-slit ; I thought I heard a rattling of keys ; I fancied I saw a flash of daylight ; I am certain I heard some one say' " Lor' 'a mussey !" and I remember no more. Many, many weeks afterwards I awoke. I came to myself in ' the Charing Cross Hospital. Since I tripped up the stairs tc Quisby's so blithely two months ago, I had become-quite an old man. I was grey haggard, battered, and dilapidated ; and ] could still feel the impression of the wood- work of Quisby's infernal door all down my back. I was informed that I was not dis- covered "till late on the Wednesday, whicr, was to have been my wedding-day. The ole1 laundress, coming to clean the chambers had opened the door with her own key ; ] had fallen upon her, nearly killing her wit! my weight, and frightening her almost tc death. I had yet to hear the worst of my position, Quisby had bolted with the whole .of my uncle's property ; he had converted everything into cash, and no trace could bc found of him. Pet's papa looked upon me in the light of a swindler, and Pet herself is married to somebody else, as she absolutely refused to. wed a man who was not only i beggar, but who was "Grained for Life." From Tom Hood's Comic Annual 