FRIDAY, AUGUST S. The Speaker took die chair at 6 o'clock. iHMlGfimos. * On the motion of Mr. Steere, The CoLoKiu. Secbetabv. laid on the table die report on Immigration to tins colony, drawn out by a select committee «f die late Legislative Council in July, 1866, and also certain despatches from the Secretary of State bearing on tbe BUM subject OOBBEEPOSSEKCB. In compliance with Mr. Brockmab'e request, ? ? . The Colonial Secbetaby laid on tiie table a copy of the correspondence which had passed between die Government and die honorary magistrates who sat on the bench at the lit^aring of tiie case apmiimJ, Lockier Clere Barges. In doing bo, he sad/ he had been somewhat at a loss to know .? whether die hon. member allnned to the. .. correspondence tiiat Lad taken, place between die Government and the official - — magistrate, or merely to the eorreBpon- . deuce which had occurred between tiie Government and tiie honorary magi^zBtes. Widi regard to the form-w,-His Exedleney - - was precluded by Colonial 'Instructions from producing the correspondence whOer die matter was sub judice. . lit wms the desire of the Government diat there should be notiiing concealed with regard ,to this altogether unhappy raptfor. mMii. when' * ~ die decision of die Secretary vi State bad been received, no time would be lost jn having all die correspondence which httL^ - been written, as well as His ExceDencyk despatch to die Secretary of State and diat . official's reply, printed as aConncil paper, a copy of which would be forwarded to every lion, member. With reference to tiie cor respondence which bad passed between tiie Government and the honorary mafpsta&a; V0 objection wi«M in x-egard to ate being laid on die table of tbe House, where 1|b would now place it. BESIDEKT SCMHST&UBS.; Mr. Bbocehan asked the Colonial Seore tary to bay on die taMe a copy «f Ibe correspondence with th£ Ha«ail«ait Magjg trates on the subject of periodical vistte to die out- positions of their districts with tbo view of holding petty sessions ia centres of. population ; and for a return of tiie nmnber of visits paid by tlie ifoKiflrertq eince the regulation came in force. The Colonial Secbetaby in placing on die table a copy of the circular letter which was written to die Resident Mngiq. trates at the request of the hon. member, together widi the replies of the Rgaflflnte throughout die eolony, and the rffoagj instructions issued to them in answer to tiiose replies, said that he was not in a. position to famish a detailed return of &O; number of visits paid. by the HataJbmt Magistrates since die instructions wens issued. If, however, it was the ban. mem ber's wish, Bueh a return would be called for, bnt some time would neceeearily elaps before it could be prepared. When tbe hon. member saw the answers that bad. been received from the R»^ff»t Magis trates and the official instructions sent diem, he thought die hon. member would be satisfied. If not, the return he asked for should be called for. fikakcial statement. The Cotjouiai. Seceetaet. in noring diat the Council do tiien reaolve itself into a committee of tbe whole, to take into con sideration questions of frew* «MMJtil with the services for the current year agd the year 1873, said — Mr. Chairman, twelve months Lave elapsed wnce I stood briip. to snbmit to a Council — the nemben «f which have bat littie changed, though -a' general deetis& bas taken pboe in fjbe intermin— to submit what I nay call a. financial statement of Colonial afiairs. Xbe year that lias elapsed since diat occasion, Sir. has^not been an unoventml one in the annals of the colo&y; j it has been in many w»n a. strange and eventful year, characterised fcy almost unprecedented cecainences of ma evil tendency, at a time when many interests were in a depressed state, consequent upon a succession of unfavorable seasons. It lias proved that the eokmy, visited as it has been with aevere losses by floods, by hurricanes, and by partial destruction of crops, has yet held np its head, that ite funds have not deteriorated to the extent diat might (airly have been anticipated, diat tbe prognostications of those who predicted diat another bad season would prove the ruin of many, have happily not beeu realised. Bat notwithstanding these misfortunes, it is a suurce of satisfaction to me, and I am sure, Sir, that it is an equal source of gratification to every hon. metnberoftiiU House, diat under tbebksnng of Divine Providence, die evils widi which we have been afflicted have, been partiy alleviated by the saccess.that has attended the working of other interests and othet resources of the colony. Had it &ot; been for these alleviations it would not .have beea matter for wonder, Sir, if many^coloiiiste had suecmnbed to misfortunes which would, otherwise have beea of an almost overwhelming nature. If the crops have partially failed, and the return was not bo much as was expected, if the hopes of our fanners have not beea altogether realised, the currant year bas been an nnmistatceably good one for stock ; die price of wool has increased, the sandal wood trade, fortunately for the smaller farmers, rerived; our pead-ebell fisheries bare given an outlet for email capitalists ; there it a prospect of considerable bosioesB in onr miueral districts ; and notwithstanding all that has been said about die falling off of oar timber trade, I do not believe such will permanently be die case ; and, Sir, much as die qualities of our jarrafa timber have besa vaunted, £ think we have yet another species of timber that is likely to take as bigb, if not a higher place among timber -N used for silip-building purposes. I ullode to -_, our Karri timber. In a recent despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in which it is stated that tiiere is no great probaLiiity that jarrah timber will be hugely employed for ship-building in England, information is sought as to the qualities of tlie Karn, and specimens are requested. As early as possible arrangements will be mace for complying widi that request, and I trust tiiat the result will prove satisfactory. Sir, it Las been t»y wish to submit to the hon. members of (hie House at as early a stage as poe.-ible after their assembly, au outline of tbe policy vvliidi it is proposed by the. Government to bring forward for their consideration, and 1 have fixed this early date tbat hon. members may have ample time and opportunity to consider the varioa* measure diat it will be my dory this evening to draw their attention to, before they an asked to discuss diem in detail. Id doing this, sir, I may be permitted to express a hope — a hope, sir, whish K am sore will he re echoed by every member in tiiis House— that oar deliberations may, soder the bkw ing of Provideuce, result in oar arriving at something like a unanimous conclusion to carry into effect that which shall ha for the material progress ol the colony. (Hear, Wear.) a canuol shut my ears, and I - am sore hon. members have not shut theirs, to the eoa plaints tbat hare been made and reiterated, that time is not afforded to hon. members here, aud to die Western Australian world outside, to consider the measures propounded by theijoveniment, sad diat all measures^! be introduced by die Government ehouid be put toward bouietiine before the assembling of tile Coaticii, iu aider tbat the public may have time iully to coutdder aud make up H§& ninfe tbenui, and, I tan only assume, WmimA'&nr; npiworHatfrw. Those who FT**— *» such a oonne of procedure on the ipttt of the Government of this colony ijpkot be nrare of the principles which Iwrern RepraMnUtive Assemblies ; or, if Bjire of them, mut be wilfully mwrepre KkHnc them. In a country carried on by l&rty; Government the minister who would ||k*ge hi* measures before the public for dis Wmm* outride prior to the meeting of pBifetiuMat would amply be placing weapons rSttke Jtaad of his opponents, wberotritn to Siprtinj those measures, I can quite under ptead a minister feeling it to be necessary 3jiBi advisable to consult the country and to 'Jminnoat to lead and often to follow public jDffnion as to the nature of the measures wbioh may be deemed necessary for the ?fresaral weal, but to submit the details of i^Hseh measnres for the discussion of a ,£tflijuneat out of doors wonld be simply Mktnting the objects io view. Well, Sir, rlndia has been specially alluded to by the ?dvooates of the coarse referred to. I would ask hon. members to consider whether there is really any analogy at all between India and England or India and this colony; India, with its enormous extent of territory .aad population, composed of different nations, different classes, different language*, and different manners. In each a country, where interests are so diversified, if not antagonistic, it is but natural that the Go vernment ; when proposing to introduce neasares baring for their object the taxation, or otherwise affecting the interests of almost a countless number of people, should naturally deem it necessary to consult the feelings of the country in regard to the provisions of such measures, aad feel their war before such measures are pat into operation. Farther, it must be remembered that there is little or no real representation in the Council of India, where the law* ?meted are more in the nature of edicts j— nnrl by the Governor General in Council. Bat to return to Western Australia. Here, we hare no party government, but we have a Representative form of Government, and i if ill district sends its representative to the CouneU. It would, I take it, be an insult to the gentlemen here assembled if those iiwainiiMi whish it is my intention, on behalf of the Government, to place before them to night for their consideration as the repre sentatives of the people, had been submitted Wore the late elections to the people, who aught' then have sent, not representatives, bat delegates, pledged not alone to particular snessnres,— for that may be proper end — snthl. bat to the very details of those Measures, which cannot be essential, and which,tn toy timpbl' opinion, would be very improper. But I would ask, Sir, has there MSUy bean that ignorance on th∂ of the jmWoaa to the une of policy proposed to be of the ?mem alluded to desire to make oat P Ida not think so. Few, if any, of the amasuuB alluded to in His Excellency's «*-!».« at the opening of this session fell ausxpectedly on the ears of the members of tab House. It was perfectly well known that the Govemment had in contemplation tbe introduction of a Loan BUI, the details oi which had already been made public. Was it not known that the Government had taken considerable interest in the question of ?team communication along oar coasts P Was it not also known that it was con templated to introduce an amended Publicans' BMP Surely no secret had been made of this met. I have myself on various occasions alluded to it in several districts of the colony. Was it not generally known that a revision of the tariff was in contemplation ? In fact nearly the whole of those measures proposed to be introduced by the Government, were known to the outside public, and there has-been no secret in regard to them. The thne has now arrived for hon. members to take those several measnres into their «areful consideration, bat I should very nach regret if the details of these measures iiad been themes for outside discussion, or that hon. members should not approach that discussion with minds unbiassed by pre judice outside, or pressure from their con otitaents. Sir, the speech delivered by His Excellency the Governor on the occasion of the i»pfi'g of this Council the other day Entered so folly into the principles that guided bis policy in the framing of the several measures to be brought before the House that I am relieved from troubling theHouseatany length on this point But I may, in a few words, state that the tioreraor being of opinion that all purely political questions of a pressing nature having been disposed of ? that no immediate action being needed in regard to matters oi local self govemment, each as roads boards, municipalities, and suoh like institutions ; that the vexed questions connected with Ecclesiastical matters and Educational Grants having ' been placed on a direct footing, he thought it wise to endeavour to direct the attention of the Council to those points on which the future progress and prosperity of the colony must materially depend. In con sidering these important matters, the Go vernment has endeavoured to look steadily ahead at the one object to be gained, to torn neithertp the right hand nor to the left, to keep in view the wants of the colony at. forge, without considering those of any district in particular, and in this view, it is ay doty this evening to place before the Hoase a programme, plain and straight forward, bat of a steadily progressive nature, which, if carried into operation, will, I am «pnvineed, feting returns of a remunerative nature, and not have the effect of plunging the colony so far into debt as to render tbe payment of that debt, or the annual interest fer it, an oudue burden on the taxpayer. First of all, Sir, I come to the question of a Public Loan, of which we have heard so much* of late; this loan of £35,000, Sir, which the Secretary of State has authorised the Governor to initiate im mediately it receives the concurrence of this Hou*e if it be passed without alter ation of the items as bud before the House. At first sight it may appear that the terms on which tbe Imperial Government ban sanctioned the introduction of this Bill leave hon. members little or no op portunity for discussion in regard to it, bat when one takes a further opportunity of examining the matter, a different view is presented to as. 4 In the first place it aunt be borne in mind that nearly every itam contained in the scheme of public works embodied in the bill has already been under the consideration of tiis Council, and adopted by it. Ou that occasion the item whieh caused the greatest ' amount of discussion was the jetty — I suppose I may call it the unfortunate jetty at Fremantle, which, is now. Sir, a thing of the past, f was down at Fremantle the other day, watching ite remains, and tbey appeared to me as the remains of some enormous animal, whose body had been severed from its head and tail, bat in whose quivering extremities there still remained some muscular action. Tbis Council, Sir, will have to constitute itself into a medical faculty, and bold a consultation over the remains of that nnfortanbte animal. We shall bave to consider whether it will be best to add a new body to tbe old bead, or simply endeavor to gather the disjecta membra of the old jetty, and connect them together for temporary purposes, or whether it will be advisable to ' construct a new structure altogether at some other point. It is fortunate perhaps that tbe ran of £6000 remains on this Loan Bill, because it will enable steps to be taken without delay to do what is needed and what may be decided on, and I am permitted to state in regard to tbis earn that though it most remain on tbe bill if the bill is to beceme law, still H will only be expended ob the jetty in such manner aa may be concurred in by this Council, or if preferred by tne Council, not nised or expended at alL Tbe Government, at any rate, hava not been idle with regard to this jetty question. Tbey have already taken stei« for temporarily connecting tbe two ez fneatitiee Of tbe old jetty by means of a narrow tnMwmy, and in tbe coarse of a few days tbe WOrkof loading and unloading will be no further ilBuytd. The Government, or rather a member ?f the Government has not been idle with swrwd to another matter connected with jetty Amanodatkm, my hon. friend tbe Attorney 4*oural (laughter) — I beg bis pardon, I mean a»j Jnend the hon. tbe Surveyor General ; 'when leome to agricultural matters I will then allude to my friend tbe Attorney General (renewed laughter) ;-4he Surveyor General has prepared plans of a proposed jetty to start from Anglesea-point, which I think, on account of its simplicity, the ac commodation it will afford and the depth of water into which it will run, will recommend itself to the favour of hon. members. From figures that have been placed before me in connection with these plans I am happy to be able to add that the jetty alluded to may be constructed with the amount now allotted for jetty improvements in tbe Loan Bill sanctioned by the Secretary of State. I have reason to know that there is an opinion prevalent that such a work as this should, if possible, be constructed by contract (hear, hear,) and I have further reason to know that there are several firms in the colony who would undertake the construction of a jetty as proposed by the hon the Surveyor General, and have it completed in the course of a few months. In connection with this question of jetty accommodation there are several other matters closely allied, and with regard to which several plans have been submitted to the Government for the consideration of this Council. I allude to the subject of harbor improvements and proposed breakwater. First of all, I have the pleasure of calling the attention of hon. members to the miniature structure that lies on the table before them, planned and constructed by a very good friend of mine, Mr. Chidlow of Northern, who, I believe, is under the impression that it is the very best plan that could possibly be had for effecting what harbor improvements we require. There it stands. Sir, I will uot say in all its grandeur, but I may fairly say in all its simplicity, and hon. members will not fail to bear in mind that (he greatest conceptions are often the simplest in design. The only information that I possess in regard to it 1b addressed by the inventor to the Inquirer newspaper, from whish, with the assistance of the Clerk of Works, I gather that the. piles necessary for the construction of Mr. Chidlow's proposed breakwater will cost £21,667, and the quantity of material that will be required to fill the interstices will be 226,430 cubic yards. Beyond that, I have no other information. No doubt the plan is an exceedingly clever and ingenious one, and I wish Mr. Chidlow was here to explain it. In addition to thia, I have to plaee on tbe table another plan, made by Mr. Nunan of Perth, which is accompanied by an ex planatory letter which will furnish hon. members with more lucid information than I could possibly hope to afford them. There is also a plan submitted by Mr. George Randell, which is also accompanied by a a descriptive letter whieh I place on the table for the information of the Hoase. I have here a very ingenious letter from Mr. W. EL Knight, explanatory of his views in regard of a breakwater. It is not, tor the Government to recommend for adoption any of these plans; the proposal which I have the honor of submitting for the approval of the house is that ot the hon. the Surveyor General; all other plans to which allusion has been made must be considered per se, as works of greater magnitude. Passing on from the question of jetty accommodation, I come to another matter connected with tbe Loan Bill — the purchase of the Telegraph Lines. I am not going to allude to any thing that transpired at a previous session, but will content myself by merely alluding to the faet that the scheme was adopted by the late Council, and was consequently embodied in the Loan Bill. I simply allude to the subject for the purpose of informing the House that the Directors of the Electro Magnetic Telegraph Company have sug gested to the Government the desirability of extending the existing telegraph lines as far as Champion Bay. Tne Government have replied that they are quite prepared to adopt the suggestion, provided this House will vote the necessary sum for the payment of additional interest on debentures. I can quite understand an objection being raised against any proposed increase of taxation ; but in all matters of that kind we have to look whether the fiscal burden is likely to prove remunerative in the end ; whether, in fact, the work which necessitates the in crease of taxation will ultimately prove reproductive. My own opinion is, that the suggestion of the Directors in regard to the extension of the lines is a very wise one, tending, as it does, to bring the colony more together as a unit, instead of a number of separate districts, with somewhat an tagonistic views ; it will simplify business, save public expenditure in various ways, and it is a coarse tending to that pro gress we bops to see, and which in the event of any movement at the mines would become a necessity. Another argument may be adduced in favor of the extension. It gives an important New Zealand firm a large interest in the colony, inasmuch as an offer is made to complete the work and receive payment in debentures alone. It appears to me that this importation of foreign capital is just what we require. The Attorney General in his speech the other day very truly observed that the three great wants of the colony were capital, capital, capital. If foreign capitalists could be induced to come amongst as and undertake works which proved remunerative to them, and I may add to us also, they might reasonably be expected to turn their attention to other undertakings; and once it was discovered that tbe colony offered a fair field for enter prise and investment, we would soon find ourselves on the high road to advancement and prosperity. If my own wishes were consulted in the matter of telegraph exten sion, I would even go further than the pro posal of the Directors, and extend the line from Champion Bay to Northampton, and from Buubury to the Yasse, and thus ensure direct communication between all the principal town?, those towns that we hope by and bye will be the great centres of population ; communicating, not alone with Perth or Fremantle, but with each other. That these two small extensions are mere matters of form, I have little doubt. Sir, I now come to a matter which has already been alluded to in this House. Provision is made in tbe Loan Bill to survey a line of railway from Champion Bay to the mines a work that may be considered worth under taking even as a speculative inducement to capitalists. Knowing, Sir, that there is a strong and a growing feeling of interest felt not only in England but in the other colonies in regard to our mines, the Government has thought it but right that we should do all in our power to encourage the develop ment of our mineral resources, by affording increased facilities for the transport of ore and by every other legitimate nieaus within our power. I am not at present going to enter into any details with regard to the question of railways, but I shall place on the table for the consideration of hon. mem bers a papor connected with a proposition made to the Government by a gentleman now in this country, representing an eminent firm in another colony, to construct a line of railway from Geraldton to the mines, on terms which appear to me as fair and liberal as we are likely to obtain. I do not, however, recommend its adoption without very careful consideration. I have also to lay on the table plans showing the various practicable rontes in regard to a line of railway in the district alluded to, which have been procured under the in struction, of the Hon. the Surveyor General, as also the information alluded to in His Excellency's speech regarding a railway to the Eastern districts, prepared by the select committee appointed for that pur pose at the last session of this Council. One other point I will allude to, and tliat is that it will be a question for considera tion, in the event of any line of railway being definitely decided on, whether the taxation for the expenditure in connection with it should be borne by the whole com munity, or chiefly by that portion which most benefits by the work. Sir, reverting again to the Loan Bill, I do so with the object of strongly recommending its adop tion by the House. I do so on various grounds, to which I will very cursorily allude. The passing of tbis Loan Bill need not, as some people imagine, preclude this Council from the consideration of further public works, or even taking action in regard to another Loan. Tho initiation of the present loan depends entirely upon tbis House, and another strong reason which I wonld urge in favor of its adoption is the probability that the whole amount can be conveniently raised within the colony ; indeed, I should be very sorry to go outside it for 60 small a loan, and, if the Council so pleases, the Government can be at once placed in a position to com mence those works proposed and adopted by this House at the last session, and in regard to the propriety of which no differ ence of opinion exists. It appears to me that it is very desirable that no time should be lost in the inauguration of public works in this colony, for although the colony generally may be said to be m a sound financial position, it cannot be denied that a considerable amount of depression has existed among certain classes of the community who would be greatly benefitted by the introduction of capital and its expenditure upon public works. I think there never was a time in the history of tbe colony when tbe circulation of a few thousand pounds among the labouring classes, tbe tradesmen, and tbe general population would cause such beneficial results. It seems to me that the moment has arrived when with the assistance of a little capital the colony may be aided to give effect to that torn from depression to a more happy state of which there are so many signs at the present time, and which it can but be desirable to foster. There are many people not only among ourselves but outside the colony who are only waiting for us to take a forward step before tbey join us, and who will say. ' Well, the colony is going ahead at last, and we need not bold back any longer.' In addition to tbe works embodied in tbe scheme contained in the Loan Bill, there are others which have been mooted, and which I may almost term gigantic With regard to these I will only venture to say one word of counsel, and I trnstthat the counsel will be appreciated. I will, in fact, confine myself to four words— 'Look before you leap.' Let as count the cost of any work before we decide to undertake it; let as know not only the immediate oudcy, but the annual outlay that we shall have to provide for years and years to come, and if after tbe mature consideration of this Council it can place beiore the colony such statistics as will undoubtedly show that notwithstanding the amount of first outlay and subsequent outlay a reasonable return may be anticipated, then I am snre no one in the colony, no member of this House, or no member of tbe Government, will throw any obstacle in the way of prosecuting such a work. Sir, I now come to the question of Coast Survey, in connection with which I may state that it is proposed to place on the estimates for 1873 a sum of £1000 for im provements connected with tbe navigation of Challenger Passage. It is difficult at present to say exactly what is necessary to be done to this passage, and consequently what the cost of the improvements may be, but the Government has been in communication with persons likely to be conversant with the matter, and the correspondence, Sir, is now placed on the table for the information of the H ouse, so that the hon. members may approach tlie considera tion of tbe eubjt.'ct with some knowledge of it. My reason for allnding to the Challenger Passage at this present stage is that there is a sum placed in tbe Loan Bill for Coast Surveys, and as Her Majesty's Government have sent a gentleman to tbe colony capable of conducting the survey of our coasts it is proposed, in the event of the adoption of the Loan Bill that the first work he eunll be employed upon shall be the examination of Challenger Passage, with the view of reporting on the improvements that mar be deemed necessary. There are many reasons why it is desirable that these improvements should be effected. In the first place, though it fa one upou which no stress may be hud, the vessels of the Buckingham Jarrah Timber Company will have to pass through that channel. In the next place, and what is of far greater importance to this colony, it is well known that the expiration of the period of contract of the Peuiusuktr and Oriental Mail CompBny is drawing to a dose. It is also known that the Company has been desirous, for some time past, of procuring steamers capable of carrying a sufficient quantity of coals to enable them to perform the passage from Galle to Sydney without calling at any inter mediate port. la this, however, they have hitherto failed, bnt from negotiations which have hitherto taken place I am iu a position to say that if a favorable port of call could be found in this colony at some nearer spot to Galle than Albany, and where vessels could lie in safety at all seasons of the year, it is not improbable that the P. & O, Company would bo inclined to avail themselves of such a port. It is, of course, possible that the I-Vninsuiar and Oriental Com pany may not a^ain have the mail contract, as I know there are other companies trying to cat them oat. It may be that companies formed in Sydney or Melbourne may obtain the contract for the Australian mail service, or the Messa gsries Imperial, a French company who, I believe, are also thinking of competing with the present mail contractors. But whichever com pany may obtain the contract, if we can show that, the mail steamers may 6afely call at the principal port of our colony we should do our utmost to induce them to do so. While on this subject I may state to the House that the Government have been in communication with tbe Secretary of State with regard to tbe possi bility of this colony being altogether overlooked in any re-adjustment of the mail service, and that we have the gratifying assurance on tbe part of the Home Government that whatever arrangements may ba made the interest and the claims of West Australia shall not be over looked. (Hear, hear.) I come next, sir, to the question of steam communication along oar coast. The desire of the Government in regard to the obtaining of tbis boon is perfectly well known, looking, as they do. on it as one of tbe most important that we could procure. It will be in the recollection of hon. members that at the last session a certain earn was placed at the disposal of the Government for this purpose, and I was at that time exceedingly sanguine that tbe sum then voted would have enabled us to obtain steam communication on our coast. But I regret to say that my hopes have not been realised, and that circumstances to which I need not now allude precluded the Government from carrying out the arrangements which were then contemplated. There is, I am eare, an almost unanimous desire on the part of hon. members that steam communication should be established along our coast, so long as it can be done at a reasonable cost. It b therefore very gratifying to me to be able to submit to the House a proposal emanating from Messrs. Connor aud McKay, of New Zealand, who agree to supply this want, upon payment of the sum of £4,000 per annum. 1 believe, myself, that the services which the company will render will be most advantageous, and I think the subsidy asked for is proportionately moderate. When the proper time comes for entering more folly into this subject I shall be enabled to show that out of that sntn one- third can be saved in other ways, which will enable us to carry out the matter at an aunual cost of little iu excess of that auahorised last session. In laying tbe proposal on the table of the House I will say no more than that I recommend it to tbe favorable consideration of hero, members, and that the sum of £4,000 has been placed on the Esti mates under the belief that the proposal will be accepted. Hon. members will not tail to notice that provision is made in the contract for ita revision on equitable terms in the event of the P. & O. steamers ceasing to call at Albany. I next coine to the subject of Immigration, with regard to which tbe hou. member for Welling ton has already moved for papers. I am afraid that those papers and the other correspondence which has taken place between the Local and Imperial Governments on the question will prove to hou. members that there is bat very little hope to be entertained or oar deriring any aid from Home with regard to Immigration. As far I can see, the Imperial authorities have made np their miad to send no more emigrants to these shores. Of course I cannot positively assert this to be tbe case ; I merely form my own opinion from the tone and tenour of the correspondence that has passed between this Government and the Secretary of State on the subject. It seems to me then that either we mast depend for tho augmentation of our population upon tbe natural law of increase, or take such steps ourselves as will tend to divert a tributary of the stream of emigration to our shores. During the last session when remodel ling our Laud Bcgulalions some inducements to that end were offered, and it is possible that not 6uf&cient; time has yet elapsed to test the effect of those inducements. But I am very much afraid that come farther efforts will have to lie made to induce emigration to this colon}-. With this end in view, a further sum of £750 has been placed on the Estimates, winch if found successful may be increased next year. It will be in the recollection of hon. members that a short time ago a deputation, appointed at a public meeting of colonials, and of which tbe hon. member for Tootlyay was tbe spokesman, waited upon His Excellency tbe Governor with reference to tbe question of immigration. Tbe desire of the deputation was to call the attention of His Excellency to the alleged broach of contract on the part of the Hone Goreiument in regard to sanding out as « counterpoise to the convict element an equal number of free immigrants. His Excellency failed to discover among tbe records of his office any reference to distinct compact or agreement between the Uomn Government and this colony, and read to the deputation the very despatch referred to in a local journal as bearing upon tbe question of a contract. In addition to the papers moved for by the hon. member for Wellington, I nave also to lay on the table a correspondence which has recently pasted between a Mr. Segerbergh relative to his plan with regard to the introduction of Scandinavian immigrants to tho colony. The proposal of this gentleman is on a very large scale, and the probability of its coming to maturity is yet very nnsettain ; at all events, as it involves large grants of land and other matters, (it will have to come under the review of the Home authorities «ud of this hon. Hoase. I now, sir, come to tbo question of gold prospecting, to which reference has already been made. It is not proposed by the Government that any regular system ot search should be made, but it is believed that, as there are several private individuals in the colony who ore exceedingly anxious to see what can be doue in the way of prospecting for tbe precious metal, die expenses of such a search should uot be tlirowu entirely upon private enter-prize. When Commodore Stirliug was here, iu the ' Clio,' a short time ago, he kindly volunteered, if the Government wonld procure specimens of quartz, to convey them for assay to Sydney, Unfortunately the '? Clio ' left before any but a few surface specimens were hastily collected, bat even these were found to contain traces ot gold. Two or three days after tbe departure of tile Clio other aud probably richer specimens were forwarded to the Government from Champion Bay and elsewhere ; bnt from the absence of steam communication even to Albany all the specimens still remain in Perth, no opportunity of transit having offered for Sydney eince the departure of tbe Clio. With the view of impressing upon the minds of lion, members die importance of encouraging the development of gold mining I have only to refer to the colony of New South Wales. Sydney. I believe, was discovered very nearly a hundred years ago. but until very recently, though geologists had reported favorably of the auriferous nature of a large portion of the Sydney territory, that gold discovered. A short time ago an impetus was given to prospecting from the reports of reliable geologists and die result has been die discovery that the country abounds not only in gold bat in other valuable metals. Twelve months ago there was no outlet for capital in die colouy ; everything was in a depressed state, bnt within die short space of twelve revolving moons die change has been marvellous. At die present time there are in New South Wales no less than 321 gold mines with a subscribed capital of JCl.059,502; 18 copper mines with a sub scribed capital of £460,340 ; 21 tin mines with a Bobscribed capital of £279,090 ! Surely this is some inducement for as to try what we can do in the same direction. We have it on die authority of tbe Government Geologist, who is now engaged an bis general report, that several parts of die colony preseut unmistakealde indications of the Aistence of gold, and if we only take the same trouble to ditCJver die precious metal as is done elsewhere, possibly, probably, I will not say certainly, we may meet with 6Ome reward. Nothing, at any rate, will change my opinion as to the fact of our colony being auriferous. I feel strongly on this point, and though I know it is uot in onr power to command success, I sometimes feel that we reallv do not deserve it, and that there is really too uinch justice iu tbo taunt that we are too apathetic ; and though eveu if the Council vote tbe sain asked, and we may not succeed, we shall have die eatUEiction of feeling that such want of success is in no way attribut able to oar want of energy in doing what has been doue in every other Australian olony at a far greater cost than is now proposed by the Government. The step contemplated need in no way militate against that suggested by the hon. member for Wellington, to which I shall be gUd to accord my support. Sir, it was die intention of the Government to have submitted a comprehensive measure for die better govern ment of the Northern district of the colouy, and the regulation of its sea industries. llie measure had for its object die administration of justice, the more effectual protection of die aborigines, regulations affecting tbe employment of Malays, die payment of officers, tits efficiency of police, aad various other matters connected with tlie administration of affairs on tlie North west coast. A legal difficulty, however, arose ou a question of inturnational law, and die Government are compelled, at present, to defer making propositions upon a subject which have occupied their serious attention. I am, how ever, glad to be able to inform hon. members titat arrangements have been made so that the Kesident Magistrate will be present at die Pearling Ground daring the fishing season. It may be necessary, as His Excelleucy has stated in his speech, to convene a special meeting of this Council to consider this measure at a later period of the year. I have alluded to this question because on tbe Estimates it will be found that matters are left in slain quo, and though the proposed suggestions will entail a considerable outlay, a corresponding revenue will be derived from more than oue*eouree, which I need not trouble die Council to discuss. It is proposed to give a member of die Legisla ture to the district, which appears to me to have special claims to a representative. [Mr. Lo&hb; — So it has.] I quite concur with the hon. member, but die proposition is to give it a special representative, and I am glad to understand that no difficulty is likely to arise as to die Eecuriug of a member to represent the district, remote as it is. Sir, before proceeding to make any farther allusion to die Estimates — at which I have as yet but glanced — I will, with die indulgence ot die House, make a short digression with regard to a sUtemeut that has been made as to tbe cost of Government iu tbis colony. If I mistake uot an hon. gentleman here present, when addressing his constituents made a remark to die effect that five-ninths of die whole revenue of the colony was expended in salaries for die administration of die Govern ment. Now, sir, when I read that statement 1 mast confess* I was fairly startled. Well, I thought, that is certainly a very large proportion ; I wonder can it be true. I immediately pro ceeded to calculate whether sacb Has really die case, and soon discovered that, to my iniud, there was no great cause for alarm. I dunk, sir, I Bhould uot be doing right to allow such statements go forth unchallenged, and thougb I entirely divest myself of any personal feeling in the matter, I mast ask die consideration ot die House, while I show that there is another side of the question. I do not exactly know what would be a fair per centage in a private establishment for die cost of administration, bat I take it I shall not make an egregious blunder if I fix an expenditure of 10 per cent, as a reasonable amount. Perhaps I may state more clearly what I mean by stating- that in an establishment which turned over £3,090 annu ally. £300 of that sum woo'.d not be oat of the way Jot administering die affairs of each a firm. Having said that, sir, I am prepared to aver that die cost of the administration of tbe affairs of tbis colony is uot more than 10 per cent. I am perfectly aware that public expen diture Bhould be expended for public services alone, and that in dealing with the revenue of a colouy nothing should be spent in administra tion of salaries beyond what is absolutely necessary for tbe efficiency of the public service, in other words, we should not keep more cats than can kill mice. Let us see how we stand. The gross expenditure for tiie year 1871 amounted, in round numbers, to £180,000. of which £33,0-K) went to what I call protection, that is, matters connected with gaols and police, and that magisterial expenditure which is almost entirely necessitated by the peculiar circumstances of a penal colony, and more than half of which is borne by Imperial funds. 1 do not think that item can be fairly looked upon as departmental expenditure. Than, a^aiu, there was £9,000 expended in the postal and telegraphic departments ; £8,300 U:r «!:. national and religious aid ; £ 1 7,000 in roads and public works; £9,500 in surveys and harbor services; -C5.60U iu charitable institutions; £3,500 in hospitals; £ 1,000 in the inspection of sheep; and £7,000 iu connection with tbe geological department and miscellaneous services which, I pledge myself, cannot possibly be considered as administrative expenditure. This makes a total of £9 1. 1 00, leaving £ 1 3,900 to be yet accounted for. Out of that sum a little less tliaa £1 I. -W0 waa speul iu salaries, aud the remaining £3,000 was expanded in connection with services, more than half the expenses of which will be returned in Uie shape of postage. Out of this £ 11,000 there is tho eutire Civil List, which includes the Governor's salary, and also that of the Chief Justice, my two hon. friends ou the lelt — the Attorney General and die Surveyor Geuerat, — the Treasurer, and my own. Iu addition to these there U the cost of my own department, that of the Auditor General, Registry, Printing, aud Customs departments. These are what 1 conceive comprise tbe actual ndiniuistration oi the colouy, and the expenditure in connection with tuom does not exceed 10 per cent of tlie revenue- I would uot have alluded to this . matter at all did I cot ft-cl that, when efcue- ] ments are made reflecting on the administration of tilt: Government, it m only fair that when an ? opportunity offers I should uot exactly combat what is said. ].ut merely uliov that there is another side to tile question. I have taken tlie trouble, in addition to this, to look very closely at die expenditure of a great many other colouies, aud I venture to say, and 1 cannot be fairly contradicted, that die cost of die adminis tration of this colony, patting aside oar peculiar circumstances, ig not extravagant, but is iu many ways, iu fact, less dian die expenditure of other colonies with lew means, to which I could draw attention. Having said tbis, I I shall now return to die more immediate object of my speech. It is not my inten tion, or, to lay tbe Estimates on die table to-ui^rht, and I will give boa. members a good and sufficient reason wliy. 71ic Estimates have been framed ou die supposition that the various matters to which [ have alluded to tiiis evening will be affirmed by thU House ; if they are not so affirmed it would be simply nonsense to place die Estimates on the table. They are framed, sir, on die supposition that tbe Loan Bill will be passed and that provision will be made for die payment ot interest, and other matters con nected with it. They are framed on die supposition, too, that tba amended tariff to which I have nut yet alluded, but which it will be my doty to submit to the House before 1 resume my seat^ will be adopted. Tbey are framed on die supposition that the subsidy required to establish eteam communication along oar coast will be voted ; that a moderate vote for -gold pros;«ctiog and testing oor extensive quartz reels will be (minted ; and that a slight iucrease of taxation will also be adopted. When these questions are decided, and decided as I hope ttiey will be, in the affirmative, tiiere shall be no delay in placing the Estimates on die table of the House. But, iu order that there may be no misunderstanding on die part of boa. members, I wilt offer a few observations in regard to die Estimates which I think will place matters in as dear a light as if they hai diem before them. Sir, the total expenditure estimated' for the current year. 1872, is £98,036; die total estimated expenditure for 1873, supposing tiiat the governmental measures to which I have alluded be affirmed, is £105, 843\. Notwithstanding this increase tbe aggregate amount of the salaries to be paid daring the ensuing year is actually less tiiau die amount paid in 1672, and the Government only propose two slight increases in die salaries of officials, namely, an extra £50 for die Postmaster General, who. in addition to bis other departmental duties, has now assumed die entire responsibility aud control of die telegraph department ; aud another JE50 increase for die Government Printer, than whom, Sir, I under take to say, there is not a more underpaid official in die colony, nor one who discbarges his duties more efficiently. The Geological Department will be withdrawn altogether. The engagement of Mr. Brown terminates at die end of the present mouth, When liis general report will be ready, and bis services will cease. There will be a trifling increase in tbe Pension List, necessitated by die retirement of die Colonial Surgeon, who will be entitled to a pension of JE2IC; and the retirement, also, of Mr. Viveash, die late Kesident Magistrate for die Swan District, who becomes entitled to £104; and lastly by die retirement of tbe lighthouse keeper at Fremautle, who will be entitled to a pension of £27. I am glad to be able to propose -a additional sum of £1000 towards the maintenance of roads. For the establishment of steam communication a subsidy of £4400 is proposed; fur gold prospecting Jt7»0, aud the same amount tor Immigration purposes. For the improvement of tbe naviga tion of Challenger Passage a sum ot £1000 is placed ou the estimates, aud the sum of £2,500 towards the payment of interest of the Public Loan. With the foregoing exceptions, the estimates will show little or no variation from those now iu force. I now perhaps come to the most important part of die statement which I have die honour of submitting to die Hoase; I mean die question of Ways and Means, bat before entering upon that subject I must again crave the indulgence of hoa. members while I mike another short digress! ra. My sole object in doiug go is a jealousy of die honour of die Government aad a desire to explain what if unexplained may be gre iy misunderstood. A statement has been made, sir, in perfectly good faith, 1 have no reason to say otherwise aud under die belief that it was altogether correct, which in some measure affects me personally and may be taken to affect my official reputation. In alluding to it, 1 will again divert myself of my personal feeling in die matter, and I would not have troubled the House by referring to it at all except for die mere purpose of showing that there are wo sides to the case. Tbe statement to whico I allude, sir, was made by an hou. geutleman at a public meeting held in another portion of this building not vory long ago ; a statement to the effect that when tbe lato Governor Hampton left tbis colony there was a sum of £25,000 in the Treasury chest ; that at the present time tbe cuest was empty ; that nidi a less revenue than we have at present Governor Hampton uudertook and eirried oat large public works. Now, eir, I think the fair inference to be drawn from tiiat statement is that during the administration of die late Governor, the affiirs of the colony were better managed than th-y are at present. In die time of Governor Hampton I had quite as much to do with the fiuances of the colony as at tbe present day, aud if I was not in a position to show that there is auother tide to the statement alluded to I wonld merely remain silent, and endeavour to amend matters for die future It die circumstances of die colony were at die present time die same us in die days of die late Governor Hampton we should have grievously erred and been to blame had there not been a large surplus in die public chest at die present day. Tue hou. geatlecaan who made die statement I allude to, was not aware of all the circumstances which have made sach a great difference between the administration of the ldte Governor and die present administration. 1 simply propose to trouble die Couucll with a few figures to show that had things been die same daring die first two years of tile present administration. 1870 and 1871, as they were during die last two years of the late adminis tration, the financial position of the colony would have been very difiereut to what it now is. Governor Hampton, eir, left this colony ou die 2nd Nov., Ib68, at which date there was a earn of £22,475 hi the Treasury chest. Go vernor Weld arrived on Sep. 3'Jtii, 1869, and found the sum of £19,737 iu the chest. Now, sir, I propose to leave abide altogether the year 1869\. which was die interim between the departure of Governor Hampton and tbe arrival of Governor Weld, dioegh the figures of that year would suit me better, and to confine my attention to the two previsos years, the two last years of Governor Hampton's term of office, and to compare them with 1870 aud 1671, the two first years of the preseut Governor's administration. And what do we find? I find that the balance in the public chest on January 1st, 18&7, was JC9.46G. and tbat the whole amount ol revenue received during that year and the following, 1868, was £189.927, making a total of £1 19,303. Tile actual ex penditure daring the same period amounted to £179 229. leaving a balance of £20,134 at the end of 1866. Let me analyze these figures a little further. The estimated revenue for the two years alluded to was £176,033, and the actual receipts amounted to £189,927, being £13,894 in excess of the estimated revenue. Such was tbe state of affairs in 1667 and 1868. Now let me turn to 1670 and 1871. The balance in die public cli.-st ou 1st January. 1870, was £20,164, tbe actual revenue received in 1870 aud 1871 was £195,738, making a total of £216,123. The actual expenditure duriug die same period was £-220,194. leaving a deficiency on 31st December, 1871, of .£4,071. But now let as compare the two years. Take the balance on January 1st, 1870, £20.104, add the estimated revenue of the two years (iS.OJ'J more than was actually received) j£zO3,71)0 ; add again a similar exess of revenue to tiiat received in 1867 aud 18GS, viz.. £13894. and tbo total will be £238,074. Deduct die eutire expendi ture, £220.190 from this euro, and a balance is shown of £17.980 iu favor of the colony. Thcrelore Sir 1 maintain tbat had ttie revenue maintained the same elasticity in 1870 arid 1871 that it did in 18G7 and 1SGS. when Mr. Hampton wisely accumulated the surplus tuuds for use in faiiiug times, there would have been, after allowing tor all orerdiafts, no less a sum than £I8,-HK- in tlie Treasury on tho 1st January 1872. Hut let me go a little further still. In 1867 and 1806 there was expended on public works and roaJs the sum ol £'27,549, and iu 187O and 1871 £24,8!)S; the excess bills of 1867-8 amounted to £17,363, and those for 1870-71 to £27,549, aud these last at a time of unprccedcut distress iu the colony, « hen money hud to bo expended witiiout the authuiity of Council. Nov.; tjir.^this is a fair statement of oar financial afl.tirs duriug the years referred to, aud I think it at any rate shows tiiat there has been uo mismaupgerncnt, mid ttial there are two sides to the question. I repeat that I should not have alluded to tbis matter ft'- all, did 1 not cuusider that, iu justice to myself huu to tile liovuwiuent of which I ain a member, I wonld have egregiously crr--d did 1 allow such statements to go forth witb'.mt e:i-ieavoriu-r to GliOtr that tiicre was another aspect to the ease, that things were not quite so bad as liiey iiad been made oat, and that had the circumstances of the colony continued tlie same as tbey ivere in die days of die late Governor Hampton, we should now. instead of bavin; an empty chest, have the sum of £18,000 iu bind ? Having set myself right on tbis point, I will only add with reference to it that it u my desire, and it is die desire of die Government, tiiat everything con nected with die finances of tbe colony should be clearly laid before tiiis Council. The Govern ment, Sir, have nothing which they wish to conceal from this House; we desire to be per fectly open, perfectly straightforward, and 1 do not tbiuk there is a angle question connected with the colony's finances to which I will not bo able to give a thoroughly satisfactory answer. I will now. Sir, proceed to die question of ways and means. Before doing so, however, I will place on die table a document emanating from the District Koads Hoard of Greeoongh, and I would call tbe attention of tbe Lou. member for Greenough to it, as a very public spirited document indeed. It is a document. Sir, in which those from whom it emanated, ask to be taxed. It is the very first document of die kind that has ever come into my hands, and I have much pleasure iu laying it before die Houm aud in calling die attention ot hon. members to it. The members of die Beads Board seek die power to tax all vehicles running in theif district, and they nave asked that a bill to that effect be passed. I draw die atten tion of all hon. members to it, because wliat may be good for die Greenongh may possibly be equally so for other parts of the colony. Dot to return, Sir, to die question of ways and means. It will be in tbe recollection of bon. members that die tariff was revised early last year, aud that considerable alterations were then effected in die duties leviable on certain articles. It U uot die intention of the Govern went to suggest any further alterations in those rates of duties, for die following reason. It is considered that a continual alteration of tbe duties leviable on various articles of trade laads to a disarrange meat of commerce, aud, with one exception, no alteration is now proposed by the Government. That exception is tbe raising of die ad valorem duty from seven per cent, to seven and a half per cent., which will effect an increase ol between £400 and £5Gi) in the revenue. Be yond this, there is no intention of revising die tariff, but it is proposed to extend die free list in each a manner as it is hoped will give an impetus to all matters connected with colonial produce, commerce, manufactures, aud agricul tural industries. In fact. Sir, it is proposed by die Government to remove die duty off all raw materials that can be produced or manufac tured in die colony. (Hear, hear.) I thiak tiiis will be a very great boon to die country. It is not my intention at present to enter into any further details in this matter; when die question comes before die Hoase in due form, item by item will have to be discussed, and, so far 86 I can see, not one single interest in the colony will be materially benefitted by the proposed change. I am quite auare. Sir, tbat it was only last year that we removed from tbe free list uiany of the articles whieh it is now proposed to restore to it; bat Uie Governor has come to tbe conclusion that a n«is:ake was made in removing them from the Free List at all. For tbis reason, it is now in contem plation to extend the free list considerably. In proposing tbis, however, I do not overlook the fact that the revenue must be augmented in some way or other, aud that provision will have to be made for the payment of interest on die proposed loan. To that end it is suggested that 12J per cent, should be levied oa the amituat of the aelnal duties now paid on goods entered at die Custom Hoase. Tbe proposition is one tbat will, I trust, commend itself to favor if only on account of its sim plicity; i: is a coarse that has been satisfactorily adopted elsewhere, that can be taken up or dropped at auy time without disat ranging business matters, and it will involve no additional expense io ths collection of the additional duty, tt is a just aad equitable arrangement, and will press fairly on all classes- For tbis reason I think it will recommend itself to tbis House. In order that I may bj clearly understood, let me illustrate what I mean. Supposing a mercfiant enters aa invoice of the value oi £200, npon which the ad valorem duty a: 7i per cent would amount to £15 It is now proposed to impose an additional 12£ percent upon that amount, which would come to £1 17s. 6d, making the total amount of duty to be paid, £16 17s 61. Again, let as suppose a merchant entering a hogshead of branily. 60 gallons, upon which the doty at 12s. a gallon amounted to £36 , 12| per cent on £36 would amount to £4 10s_ and that is the extra Earn he would have to pay. This proposal disarranges no existing duty of any k ind, and it will cause no trouble in calculation. It may be removed, lowered, or increased, without leading to any confused disarrangements of the machinery of commerce, or disturbing our fiscal relations in the least. Tbe Sam which sach adaty woald bring ti the revenue is something like £b&00, which will meet all the requirements attendant upoa tbe increased expeniiture which the initiation of m public loan, as contemplated i.t the present Loan BUI, will entail. Sir, I will detain the House no longer ; I have already trespassed too long on its indulgence and forbearance. Such, briefly, are the proposals which it has been my privilege to place this evening before this honor able Hoase. And I have only now to ask that, they may receive from hon. members a calm careful, and dispassionate consideration. The more they look at them the more will they l-ke them ; the closer they examine them, tbe more convinced will tbey be that the Government, at any rate, has not been idle, bat has ad jpted aad brought forward an enlightened and pro gressive, a steadily progressive policy. I only hope it may meet with the concurrence of tbe House ; but whether it do or do not. I will here venture to pledge myself oa behalf of die Government that any plan or tofxestion offered by this Council having for its object the geueial welfare of tbe colony, the development of its resources, and the encouragement of enterprise and industry, will receive from tbe members of the Government tbat same calm and dispassionate consideration, that seme careful attention that I now ask hon. memoere a- accord to the propositions which it has 'seen my privilege to lay before them to-uight. ( The lion- gentleman, who commenced tiL financial statement at twenty minutes past six, resumed his seat, am.dst tbe cheers of the House, at eight o'clock precisely.) Mr. Leake raid i; had been his particular wish not to have been iu the position in which he then found himself. When he accepted the position of Speaker, he did so with a firm determination not to take any more part in the debates of Uie House than lie was forced to do. He had endeavoured on tho previous day, whenHhe House was in Committee, to do all that he possibly could to prevent being drought on his legs, and he now rode to offer what be might call an explanation. He lial no idea of reviewing tbe movable statement which bail just been made. Had not, — he would not say his name been alluded to, for bis name had not been mentioned, bat Iiad he not evidently been alluded to by the lion, gentle man who had jnst sit down, he would not then be etaading before the House — his feelings altogether Would have prompted him to support the bon. gentleman and the Government in the views which be had submitted for their consideration ; bat wbea iiis toes were trodden upon, or whenever the interests of his con stituency called h.in forth, be would never shirk ui6 duty. Aliusion had been made to a statement made by an hoa. gentleman at a public meeting held close by. He was that hou. gentleman. He it was who had alluded to tbat great and good financier the late Governor Hampton, and expressed a belief that if that poor gentleman oi' his ghost had been amongst as we shouM not have had the present lam n table stale of the public funds. lie was particularly sorry that this matter had been brought forward ; but figures were stubborn tilings, and when he had spoke at tbe public meeting alluded to he believed tc was justified in all that he then s ii-i. He woula give the House iiis -ca-on for making the statement to which the hon. gentleman had alluded, and in doing so might observe that tbe figures which he was about to quote wonld be found in the tabular statement made by tbe Auditor General in the Census ruturos. He would go back as lar as the year 18 ''2, *.vUcu be found tl:ai the revenue amounted to £67. 337, the ex]ieudi:ure for the same year being il'-2:2GS, £4031 iu excess ot tbe revenue. In 18ti3, the revenue was £09,408, aud the expeudiiurc £71.073, being £1665 in exacts of tlie rccijits. la 16G4, ine revenue amounted to £71,844, and the dUhui-feements atnonntcd to £7 -,715 leaving a balance in the chest of £1129. In tho lollowiug year the reveune was £77.943, and tue expenditure £74 085, leaving a t.ui|)ius of £2'j:-8. Ibe revenue iu I8(H- was £Si),3S2. t»nJ the disbursement* £6165*2, showing a balance of £4730 ia favor of the Treasury . to 1867 the receipts wer £90,431, and the expeu.iiluro £89,302, which lrft a surjdus in tbe Wiest of £929. NYjc ? our tlie ictuiiuc aui unted tj £i4!i,4'J6. wl.ilc tins exj euJumo itaclitd JL69./27, thus leavia£ a balance of W59. He had now jroae oia Uo'-'oruor H-tnipt'tn's adruiuig nttim), and :lu: result shuwei! tb»t frua- the year l«(!a -o tb-; year 1 SG6 , a surplus revenue ot £ ', 9485 accrued ite'iuciing from that sntn tlie i*x--«m» oi expenditure in the year 1 802 and I8«3, whicb amounted to £6596, be found that the actual revenue 6t.ve-l .iurug the Hampton admims tratiou was £12.889. He next eame to the year I8--9, when Governor Weld assumed tbe reins of Guvernment. In tliat year the revenue amounted to £1(13 662, and the expenditure was £103 124, which left £536 to tbe credit of the Treasury. Next year tlie total r«*euoe was £98,131. wbt-n tbe expendi ture amounted to £113,046. being £14.195 in excesr oi tlie revenue. In 1671, the revenue was £97.605. and tbe expenditure attained the sum of £107,1 47. showing a further excess «f expenditure of £95*2 From these U|-ares it would be «een that from January 1st, 1869 to December 31st, 1871, tbe pnblic expenditure was £23,919 in excess of the revenue. It was npon tbat fact that he hud founded the state ment alluded to. and the figures which he bad just quoted would show lion, members whether or nut be bad been justified in making it- He regretted exceeding.}- that lie bad been called spun In make this explanation ; be bad done all within bia powei to avoid it, bat be wa« determined to do bis duty to himself and to bis constituents whenever he was called upon. The CoumiAV ^ECBBTAur — The bon. member whob^s just sat down lias alluded to my having trodden on tils toes. Before entering oa Uie statement to which be bas taken exception I disdain* I as I now disclaim the eligbtett personal feeling, and n-y eoie object was to Ehav tbe members of this House and the publie generally that there were two sides to tbe case, two aspects under which the statement made by itim eboold be viewed. The figures used by (he hjn. member, taken from the Census, I cannot and will not dispute; they are my own figares, as annually complied by myself and will conclusively prove my statement ; in which there can Ite no doubt ; hod the revenue shown die same elasticity in 1870 and 1671 as it did in 1867 and 1668, there would have been a difference of £ii, OOil, and a 6am of £16.000 ia tbe chest on tbe 1st January 1672. No doubt in the last two years the actual revenue bad been increased by extra taxation, bat every penny of that taxction bad been appropriated by vole of the Ijeci«lotare aad Bpent accordingly. ?Mr. Kewmas said be bad no intention when en tering the Boose tbat evening to enter into a dtecna sfcra npon anything tbat would be Mid by tbe boo. tbe Colonial Secretary in making bis financial statement ; bat In consequence of tbe tarn tbe debate had already taken tie Utoagtit it wonld be desirable tiiat bon. members should at once proceed to di*cusa tbe various matters which bad been sub mitted to the House, more especially as he under stood that the Estimates would not be introduced until the views of tlie Uoose had been taken on tbe proposed governmental in casaree. Th« bon.gcnUe min in opening his speech in endeavoring to make oat a ease in Ctvorof withholding from the imbue the details ot measures which the Government have in c .oteiuplaUoa of introdocing at aa approaching session, went a great deal farther than anyone baa asked the Government to da Tbe ban. gentieinan weut so far as to say that it «res expected that the ({ovtromintal measures should have been made known eveu bef ure tlie members ot Council had been elected. Ue (Mr. Newman) bad never beard anyone even hinting at tbe desirability of tlie Government doing any each (biag. lue complaints which he bad heard simply amouuted to tbis ; that up io Lhe very time of the members entering tlie House they bad no idea what measores the Government intended to introduce, or what its political programme was likely to be Not that the governmental policy ehooid be made known month* beforehand, bat tbat until tiiat very evening lhe elected members hid do idea wbat was proiiosed to be done by tbe Govern ment in the way of legislation. It was joat possible that hon. members might have some joining of what it was intended to be done in some instances, bat nothing definite was ever known as to the plans of Uie Govern .-aeat. Wi.h reJereace to tbe Loan Bill, he was exceedingly pleased to learn Ibat though tiie BUI was accepted in iu present torm. they woaid not be pledged to sjiend the money voted for every item, and ihit they would be allowed to leave eu&ue; items unexpended if not prepared to devote them to the olgect originally iuumied. rhere was another thing ia connection with the Loan which be was glad to tear, namely, tbat the whole of it would be raised in the colouy. This bad removed one great opposition against the Bill on the part ct elected members, who were of opinion that to go into a foreign market to borrow so paltry a sum aa was contemplated in the liilf woald be most daiaagmffto the credit of the colony. It' the members at that Hoase were to go ap and down the streets if ferth to try and borrow £U-. their credit would be damned at once; bat if they sought to bjcrow i 10.008. the case woald be very differeut. Even as in individual cases, so would it tie with a colony, and were we Id go in to the London market to barrow a trifling earn luce £35,000. the colouy 'e credit would be damned at mice, liiat objection, however, had been removed, and be was very glad to learn that a waa proposed to raise the earn in the colony. After the explana tion offered bv the Colonial Secretary ia regard to tlie telegraph ec.ieme be certain f thought that another great objection to the Loan Hill bad been removed, tnd, under tiie eucanistaneee. he hoped tbe Hill would receive the assent of the Uoose, especially as the Government did not appear to be exceedingly nice in this way of getting oat of any difficulties Ui.it might arise. With regard to the Jetty and breakwater question he was, individually, exceedingly obliged to the Colonial secretary tor his very lucid explanation of the correspondence and plane whicb bad been received by the Goverumeut. Ae to the wooden plan laid oa the table it was certainly more remarkable for simplicity Ijian gran deur, iloii. members, however, efaoold not despise it. A certain number of the House of Uommous once exetnpliiied a plan which be submitted to tbe Uoose by means dl a cheese, and he (Ur. Newman) saw uo reason why we ehoold d-8i-ise a project ilmstrated by a model constructed ol jam sticks. As to the general principle of the governmental pro gramme he must certainly egoless himself at a loss to understaud how it was that the Government never eeeuc-d to begin at home, bat to go. as it were, lu the other end of the world with their plans of opera tion. That was, in general terms, bis objection t j the proposal which had emanated (roia the Govern ment in regard of 1'uMic Murks ; and a. very tanjptde oujectiou a seemed to be. lie maintained that the lime h id arrived when the colony could not hope to make any farther progress without improved inter nal communication. I1i.it. he thought, couid not be disputed. Ue woald go a step farther, and look ing at what was being done in otiter parU of the world, that improved means ol internal cummnnica Uon mnst take the form of railways. That, proba bly, woald uot be disputed either. The next step be woald take was to maintain that when railways were constructed unless there were some extra ordinary and peculiarly strong grounds toe doing otherwise, they should begin at the largest centres ot population, and proceed, as soon as practicable, to the next largest centres. On this principle, whicb was strictly logical, he contended that as ferth, Fremantle, and Gnndford were the three largest centres of population in this colony, theeunuu {joint of any railway proposed to be constructed should be at one of these centres. In saying that, he was not to be understood as holdiug that a line of railway eboold be actually commenced at any ot these places, unless it could clearly be shown by indisput able statistical inlormation that euch a railway would be a self -supporting aad remunerative under taking. AtanynUe.be deprecated the proposal of the Government to support the construction of a railway at the other end ol the colony, instead of begiuniag at home. It was also proposed to spend ?S1.00J in the improvement ot the Challenger Passage —again going away from the accommodation at our very doors. lhe Colonial Secretary himself did not know exactly what it was intended to be done with that earn, or what the eventual result might be ; in fact, be seemed to be. in a measure, in the daik ab.mt the wii.le affair, be that aa it may. he (Mr. Newman) contended tbat no hou. member in that House, ei: her from his personal knowledge, or from what be had read, could point outany single instance iu any part of the world where a navigable river, passing the very centres of population, had been wantonly abandoned as tlie basis ol harbour im provements, until it had been proved, at very heavy, and in some instances, almost ruinous expense, tbat the utilization of the river was impracticable. Ue laid that down as a truism which be defied any member in the House to controvert by example. He would go lurther and assert that if we went to challenger t'assage. and there spent, as proposed, a Bum of jEluOOinatteiupting to improve its uavigation, we were wantonly abandoning our nveras the basis of harbour improvements. It bad been said that our river had been condemned, as being iucapaole of being utilized, by three engineers, lie denied that any oneofthethreeondemnedit. Colouel Anderson had certainly done so to a certain extent ; but it w«6 only on account of the probable cost oi improving it, and when Colouel Henderson was here our export aud import trade was not one-half what it is now, and what would have been looked npou as lavisu expenditure at that time, would, in our more advanced state, be altogether different. A man may very readily and very properly condemn the im propriety of iucumug expenses that cannot be Lome ; bat it was a very different thing wken one was in a positton to incur such expenses. With retereuce to the celebrated lir. Uayue, he certainly had condemned the river on the ground that it was gradually silling op. aud that it would thereto e be useless to attempt to improve a river that promised to becjme, in course of time, little better thin a ditcii. Ue (Mr. .Newman) was quite aware that it was easy enough to condemn any project on false grounds, i he arguments adduced might be logically correct, but if tiie premises were false, the deductions were utterly worthless. He contended tbat this was the case With Mr. Doyne's report oa tiie navigation of the £-wau. and it seemed to luiu quite incompre hensible this aetionol the Government iuaosudouiug improvements tvuicli might be carried Uii at our very doors, aud goiu^. as it were, abroad to seek tur opportunities for expending the public luouey. Witii reference to tbe cost of the Government in tlii» co.ony. Uut was a subject whicli ue had already aliudcci to wheu addressing iiis constituents, ihe Colonial {secretary had alluded to the cost of conducting the affairs of a private establishment. He would do the same, anl contend that il the partners or the managers ol sucu au establishment allowed wiiat he inigtit term tlie indirect, added :o Ihe direct, expenses «.f the adiuiuigirauou to exceed the receipts Hie inevitable result would t»e bank ruptcy. .Moreover, the inuirect expenses of a private establishment very tur exceeded the direct expenses, aud he could not thereloresee any au&lqgy; between the cusl of couJuctmg euch au establish ment as tiie cost of administering tiie aflure ol a -MUatry. The iiou. gentleman's argument llid not much weight in opposition to the statemeut uuide by «n hoa. meuiuer. As to tbe proposed revision oi the raruT, he certainly could not eupjiort the govern mental Eclieme, and a* to the proposed imposition os au ad.litioual !2i per ceut. d-iiy ou tiie amount realized by customs duties, hi; thiMighl euch a prui-osilion should be very dutluUj considered beiore it wae adopted. The hou. geu.lemau in sub mitting his scheme laid too mucli strtjaon Uie tact that such a duty would not disarrange oar cotumcrcUl aiTansemeuls. Ou tbe contrary, il appeared to liiin -Hr. Newman) that it would very materially affect the existing oruer of tilings. Ad valorem duties iiad ooiue to be looked upoa. in ail the Australian Coionies. as a necessary evil, iu cousequc-uoe ol tiie multifarious character ol colonial import* kauris bad been made over and over again U- do away wiw tbatdaty. and to raise Uie revenue, so lar as lue customs was concerned. l.y Si-ecw d'ltu-s. llui iu every «u* «»eli niteinpls ba.i nwo»ally lailed. auu U« colonies had to re-ori to au ad va.ur.-m dm, ? not however, upon t;«ai «utiu^ »s a =P-^i£l dmj camO be cuonoientty Imposed upon. U« III— jlil !? ':''': ihe exaamle anoTded at by the other cotoufe^stwirtji. , - bo euaisM -nd is p*«farenee to tv lij per jkm.'' schem; of the Coiootol Secretary, wladi bad SHOris* ' but ite sirapbeHy to raxanm^oi It- MusrMra- ' ru in y .:rticlrti beside lea and*nc*r wtjcbai^t *?)'? ruLmitteJ tuepecialduttueiiobctererr anieteKiid ,, by wetfit might be mo taxed wttbontesarfax «? «h /* incon venience. and without prrseiBg Toy htsi Suva any dags of lhe community . ' - i:r. Sbektos moved that tbe chairman Kporjt progress, and, there being no opiMntua. ibr &-m» reeuuH-d. and at twenty mnuiea to nine vdjoomed until Boon -m I'nesday. 