LONDON SMALL TALK, I mon omi sr-EOiAi- conncsroNDENT.] London, June l'i. HAS snmmor ren.Ur commenced. Snow in Mny nnrt April showers oro still visiting na. London ia full. Country cousins oro in forco. Tho exhibition, not by any moana great compared with that of 1851. Tho Derby nnd a thousand nnd ono çthor-tho ntlrnctiona of tho Metropolis, brinj tho world, bia wife and an over incron&inp; progeny to town to soo nnd bo scan. Hotels aro in feather, and tralcas your arrangements are made beforehand, you nro told with tho most polito smirk in tbo.world that ''Wo are full Sir, very sorry," and fresh directions aro giren to ",Tchu," who enjoya tho fun iu prospoot of an incroasod faro. Tho Western omi of London ia crammed ; the wondor ia whoro nil tho vehicles comp from, and whore the incomo3 como from to support tho pomp and stato of fashionable lifo.- When Mr. Lowe walk's abroad ho must feel nomo oonsolation in - rtowing tho substantiality upon which he imposes' taxes in so many shapes. Tho Chaucollor ia denounced us an oppressor by old gentlemen, who wear big shirt-frills and heavy watch belongings. At mootings they fumo about tho inquisitorial character of tho income tax, and iu the afternoon they enjoy a chariot drive with their wivoa and daughters, forgetting the vile tares in tho contemplation of tho superb coach- man with powdered .-wig,'nnd olegant John. Thomaa, whoao logs command a botter salary than many unfortu- nate heads. It is a study to stand near tho Albert Hall and look on. Opposito ia that -wondrous gow-gaw erected in momory o* Albert the Good, a thing of glitter nnd stonewnro, cost, Bay .£100,000, value, say what you ploaso. I would prefer to know tho verdict of tho lookers-on 200 yenrs heneo ; -and then tho inscription placed on tho memorial cairn nt Bnlmoral forcoB itself on my momory. Ho (Albert) hoing made perfect in a short timo, fulfilled a, long timo; for his Boul pleased tho Lord ; thoroforo, hasted he to tako bim away from among the wicked. And thon I snpposo I nm of and among tho wicked, nñd therofloction is not pleasant, but is soon chased away by tho pi city facos and fearful head gear of thoso, loft. belr'nd by Alboi-t to comfort us in our affliction ; and on tho whola I fancy tho trees in tho Kow, with their beautiful Bpring foliage, look boltor than tho memorial, and they ava not taken away from na wicked na we aro, but thou God sends th» min for both tho just and unjust, and tho earth gives forth its fruits. What jumble of ideas eau have brought into my mind thq memorial hospital Sydney waa going to erect nil in a hurry. When ia it to bo ? Tho notion is practical, business-like, and lins a thoroughly colonial hard-headedness about it, and iL it is to be done, lot us have tho opportunity of knowing that wo have holpcd to io good in our time. The weather is dull, nod this is the only apology I offer for sermonising. Fashion asserts her sway, and at tho first glenro of snnshino tho minnow, with its glorious hut watery tints, is almost outdouo hy tho gloriously ap unrolled " throng passing along tho drive. Lazarus drives his' donkey cart aloDg tho Gore,' inviting mo to bny a pot o' music for the missis, whilo Dives, all unconscious, lolls in his costly vehicle, driven within tho sacred onclosure. As a moro pedestrian, I can pass from th« Paradise boyond the rails to the Hades of twopenny omnibuses and bakers' carts. I am of tho rory outside, and perhaps being ontsido I snarl and snoer . for whore am I to look for excitement now ? Tho weather is growing too warm for strikes, and pooplo are gettisjg tired of thom. Wo hare no women's rights meetings to attend, now that tho evenings are getting longer.; the ladies show to bet- ter advantage by displaying thoir fascinations on another and brooder platform, and resorve thoir eloquence for more fitting opportunity, as many of their maids may testify. We have no May mootings to attend. Tho Eochabites have chronicled their annual converts, and the Dach-a-bitcs havo registered n year's outpouring of bilo ; Qua8»oe nospread a chapter in his own nativo tongue, and has Bun* o hymn in his lingo, which was actually encored, as the efforts of lion-comiqucs are in other places. Ono society--"but I will not namo it-boasts of having made thirty converts in Australia. They aro nil in debt^-tho localities I menn of course, not tho converts ; another effort is called for, und tho rovcrond Mrs. Chicks cries out that all that is . wanted is that effort : thon with a doxology, Exeter Hall is delivered over to silonco, and the ghost of poor Cluny at ono timo change. Wo cannot even Bpico our evening soli- tude with a ropuhlicau gnthoriug. ' Sir Charles Dilke ÍB porhaps sulky, and Mr. Odgor will not rim tho risk of having his'Sunday hat crushed by supportera of the Crown. Mr. Bradlaugh is ready to provo that thora is nothing truo, at tho rata of ton shillings a lecture, or two-penco to go in and divido proceeds ; hut no ono cares for Mr. B. Wo uro happily indifferent, ]>ro ferriug green' lanes to red republicanism, and our socialism baa no political significance. Tho Dundoo servant " gals" havo managed to have another mooting, owing perhaps to tho colder cíñanlo of tho north. Tho Chairwoman wont in strong, and in fino form against tho oinployors of female domestics, and opened np a now fcatnro in domestic lifo. Wo aro no looser safo if our small vicos nro to ho betrayed in public mooting assembled. When social sociotios wcro moro in voguo than now, a daggor placed upon tho table was n solomn warning, but the maid who lays our knife and fork will bo tho cankor worm in tho bud, if Bli O is to go forlh and pro- claim our social sins. Ono young woman has a most par- ticular down upon thc Clergy, and tolls us of one of tho dogenorato shepherds who kept tho girl at work till ono in tho morning washing tumblers for his visitors to- day. It is really pleasant to hear Mint worldlings nro not tho only strays, and that our spiritual guides haro their random ilts'of subdued spreeing. Tho yoimglndicswho claim to rule from below decido to dress how they ploaso, tho only guild condition, being that they uro not to dress so odiously as their mistresses. In futuro if wo want toddy we must have an extra supply of tumblors, and wait until Snruh Jnno has gone to bcd, beforo wo indulge in tho flowing bowl, and our wives will havo to adopt tho millinery of tho bnscmout. But strikes ar» taking n serious turn. A week or so back nu under- J tiikor committed suicido, business having fallen off, and now tho gravo- diggers of Sheffield have declared that thoy will no longer bo thc victims of oppression, and tho washerwomen of Toignmonth havo declared by tho town crior that tho price por dozen must he advnnccd, or they will wash no moro. Who supplies English papers with colonial nows? Somo of it is most intoroBtlng. Wo aro iold that Baron Martin has gained nothing by dissolving Purlinmont, and that tho Baron's ndhcrcnts nro by no menus blitho and gay. The Border quostion has Bottled tho Baron, who will now, I suppose, retiro to tho fastnesses of his cnstlo ou tho Point of Potts, and hold parloy therefrom with the Lord Honrico, or tho Knight of tho Brush Farm, and tho gallant standing army will mako brilliant sorties on tho citizens. There nra many things in connection with colonial lifo wo may forjot, but wo do not forgot n good dinner, nnd yet my momory must havo must have played mo false, for I cortainly do not remember dining with salmon trout, and other European fish upon tho table The Rector of Stono, claims all tho credit of introducing salmon trollt into tho Australian colonies thirty, yonrs ago, by a process he rathor faintly dosorlbos. Honoo says tho rovorond gentleman, tho salmon and tho trcut leap iu thoir beauty in tho rivers of Australia, nud our antipodean brethren art ablo to rojoico in n tnblo sup- plied with tho most delirious food, which tho wutorB yield for tho sustonnnca of mau. Ho lins novor mon-, tionod this beforo, and I refrain from giving his nnmc, because it would not ba prutlont to comraonco another statute, until Captain Cook is roprcsonted hy something more than a flag-post. A small sum placod upon tho estimntos, would probably meet tho case, as a token of gratituda on the part of thosa may havo partaken of the dolicata Bainton yielded by Australian waters. Anothor interesting bit of information is roportod by tho Daily Newt, iu its parliamentary roport of t « third reading of tho Ballot Bill. Mr. Forster, who had oharge of tho hill, in nuswor to n statomont, that the ballot fostered bribery, instanced tho working of the ballot in Australia, and said that ho could stato on tho authority of tho Into Primo Minister of Sydney, that such a thing ns bribery was unknown, and .that Prime Minißter -was Mr. Cock, Ihm beginning to doubt myself. I do not remember Cook as lending in Macquario-street. I hare looked np tho blue-book, and gone through the mazy inB nnd outs of Now South Wnlos Administrations. " Where names do como, and names do' go, nud EOUIO go on for ever," but Ifnil to trace " Cook." There was n " Cook," who could not get rid of. Australian aove- ? rbignB, and ho had nil my sympathy, anti if ho would havo snfferod, it my assistance.. He ¡B in London, and perhaps I am wrong, nnd ho'mny havo boon Prime Ministor, for somo of thoso distinguished individuals . did not romain long in office ; but it is comforting to - know that wo havo suoh an authority to refer to, and in ', future, when an illustration is requirod of tho superior ' way in which such matters "are arranged in the colony, Mr. Gladstone will at onco say, send far Cook, Sir Charles is all very well, but Cook is the man for us whon wo are in a mess. And from tho Baron, tho Cook and tho Salmon, te Mr. Hopo's book " In Quest of Coolies." Tho ex- perience of Mr. Hopo will bo found in a rather spun ont ono volume " Ono of hiB facts will bei sufficient to ~ tost tho wholé He tolls us that tho ' moro mention of ' Australian soaiotios makes any capitalist instructively . button bia breeches pooket. It ia. an unclean bird that fonloth its own noat, nnd truly tho records of the Stock Exchange do not second tho writors assertion : but cotton and sugar growers in Queensland want cheap labour, nnd it ia for them Hope tolla his flat- tering tule. Whilo on the subject suggosted by the word talo, hero is n fact worth noting. Tho pub- lisher of an old established penny weakly proved in court thut they paid for a sensational story L700, having purch'asod it from another firm /who paid L100Ö for it, nnd published the story »udor a different name,' ont whether as " Dick Tarleton,'.' or " Girls and Wivos, or Who Wins," a L1000 is a sum to spank of, and makes ono think of tho amount paid to John Milton for his " Paradise Lost." ' . ' . -, ? We nro haring; qnito n surfoitof lîoyul Tiaits, and nt tho rat« we nre now going, Kings, Queens, and Emperor« will bccomo so common that they, will scarcoly command notice. Tho Empress of Germany has paid a visit to Qncon Victor.:n. Tho" King of the Belgians has jnst left, and wo have to put up with a Burmcso Embassy. Tho Emporor of tho French is no longer a sensation, and oxcopt by occasional paragraphs in tho nowspapors tba Hero of Sedan is hardly noticed. Less than two . years havo passed away since tho Emperor had his cele, bruted intorview with ? Bismarck nt Donchery. Napo- leon is on exile, . and Bismarck , is busy check, mating tho Popo. Loud and long werertha cries that .. Romo had proved too much for the groat diplomatist. ./> Tho Popo actually rofused to accept tho nomination of the Cardinal, and Saint Fetor's was cook-a-hoop ; , but it is quito possible to crow too carly, and Mon. Princo bas come down upon the Jesuits heavy. Mon seigncr Capel has givon a staggering blow to English Ritualism. He speaks of it as a miserable imitation, and as dishonest as it is illegal. 1 It ¡séquito time that those wretched protenders Bhould be unmasked ; and when - such a man as Monseignor Capel denounces Ritualism ns an imitation, it is a tolerably clear indica- tion that Protestant principles aro in less danger front open and honest opponents than from half-way advocates. A mora agreeable subject in connection with mattera theological is tbs annual floral servico held in the Church of St. Cnthcrico Coso on Whitsun' Tuesday. Dingy Lcadenhall-strcot was all alivo at eventide by reason of ladies young and ladies no longer young pressing onward to St. Catherine's, each and all haring, in addition to tho favours of nature aid tho embellishments of art, most, imposing bou- quets of choice flowers; and a glorious sight th* church presented. Tho wardens had nosegays, th* attendants were adorned, and tho clergyman had an enormous bouquet in the pulpit. The sermon was, of course, appropriate to tho occasion ; and. tho appearance presontcd by tho company, each with a well-seloctod bunch of flowers, contrasted by tho dark oak of the pows and the fittings, was seemingly more effectivo than tho moro customnry sombro surroundings of church geing. The beautiful fuchsia bells, tho bright calces tarin, and the pale, delicate camellia, not forgetting the bringers'ihoreof, combined tQtnako thc earnest words of the prcachor more effective. It is only once a year, but why Bhould it not be moro often ? Why is our Prc testantism so austero ? ' _ Whit-Monduy was a groat holiday, and is now as firmly established almost as a fast day holiday. London turns out for a holiday with a resolve worthy of nolico ¡ thero is nothing half-hearted about it. Tho banks havo mado Whitsuu- Monday a holiday, and when tho banks say yea who is to object. ?15,000 peoplo were at- tho Zoological Gardens, looking at tho animals, and getting pleasing 'instructions about thoir habits, and tho conntries from which thoy have been transported. Tho kangaroo and wallaby como in . for a good shara of attention, and tho emu stood » chanco of sharing tho fato of an ostrich, who died quito recently from n surfeit of coppers. 50,000 pleasure seekers wcro nt tko Crystal Paluco ; and over 21,000 at tho International Exhibition. London onjoyed its outing in nil directions, and tho polico courts only recorded two cases-ono of thof t, and ono of riotous conduct,' on tho morning following. Tho Duke of Edinburgh bas been vory busy in all directions. Tho city magnates, who noror miss an opportunity of eating turtlo in tho company of royalty, have made tho duke a fishmonger, rnd tho Bailor-princo concluded a speech to tho assembled fishmongers, by poking a neat bit of quiet chaff at the wealth- worship- ping Cits, for which I lovo him¡ thoy are such a wretched lot of timo servers, that it is delightful to seo them taken at thoir value ; but thoy are ? thick-hooded, and would take a Boyal kicking kindly. Tho Pi ince has boon mada much of nt Dublin, nnd has won tho hearts of tho Irish patriots, who gave hun a warm nnd hearty wolcoma such as Irishmen kuow how to givo, forgetting all elsa in dispensing hospitality. Tho Prince of "Wales lins paid a visit to Yarmouth, and bloater town has been in a state of excitement. Tht good folks of Norfolk have given tho Princo sucha reception ns oron a Princo mar ho proud of. He is almost a Norfolk mau, living as ho does at Sandringham. His acknowledgments in return to tho usunl addresses wore of course ./ the stereotyped order, but one little hit ¡B worthy of notice Ho said-and enid it in a fooling manner-" Allow me to thank you for tho kind sympathy you showed for me during my illnoss. I hope I nm not ungrateful for tho feoling which has boen shown towards me, and shall do my utmost in futuro to he of UBO to my country." This is well said, and quiet sober pcopla approro of it, bocaus'ov beforo ho was afflicted, ho doubtless wont-but no mat tor. Princo Arthur bas bcon starring it nt Liverpool, and thu Limojulcors havo gona in for soino pretty smart bragging nbout their fair town, with its milos upon milos of dooks and all tho belongings thereof, and some- body olio has boon starring it. Tho claimant ia stump- ing the couutry collecting from an enlightened British public tho means to carry on tho war. Tho claimant is not in good odour ¡ ha.has his ndhoronts, and he may or may not bo all ht claims to be, but somohow ho has giron proof that he is not exactly all that Englishmen . liko. Should ho moko out his case, a Tory improbable circumstance, wo cannot forgot tho impression produced by his conduct in tho witnoss-box, and he.will get n sad ovor-hnuling when ho appears at tho Central Criminal Court. Thora aro a thousand and moro subjocts of intorost to which rcfaronco might bo mndo, all having their influença nnd leaving ovor so small a ripple on times snrfaco, but in tho aggregate making up tho pro-. sont and forming tho futuro of this great country. 