His Excellency Sn- Hercules Robinson bas received a circular despatch from tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, conveying Instructions relative to certain Fiji questions. The following Is the text of tho document referred to i-" lier Majesty's Government havo lind under their con- sideration a question which has arisen with reference to tho Governmont establlshsd ile facto In tho Fiji Islands, namely whothcr beyond tho HmltB of tho Now State British subjects so loug as tho Now 8tato ls not duly recognized, can bo accepted aa citizens of lt and exempted irpm JJrltloh jurisdic- tion.lu respect of act? dono by them or engagements entered Into with thom. A reference has been madu to the luwofllcers of tho Crown, who have advised lier Majesty's Government that. Urltlsh subjects hcyaud tho limits of tho New Slate not yet duly recognized, should not bo accepted as citizens ol tho New State, nor bo held exempted Irom Urltlsh jurisdiction for acts dono by thom on British territory or on bonni ships which ought to bo navigated under tho British flag. And further that they should not tie held exempted Irom British jurisdiction for engagements entered Into with them In cases whero tile validity or construction ol suoh engagements would properly and In ordinary courso bo trlnblo before a British tribunal. They nra further of opinion that her Majesty's Government may Interfere with tho acts anil engagement» ol British subjects within Fiji, and may deolan) certain acta nnd engagements to be legal or Illegal-ill the case nf British sub- jects within Fiji. Tho law officers have also reported with reference to Inquiries mode through Mr. Consul March In- certain httlf-caBtesvcsldiiientFljl, as to tho protection which could bo granted to thom on account "f their British origin lil connection with tho establishment ot if tie facto Government, thur, tho half-castes In question appear tu be illegitimate children of Fiji women, and to have been born In Fd1 terri- tory -, mid that consequently their nationality is nut liri ti Ri». and that they are not entitled to British protection. The foundation-stone of St. Peter s Church of England Sunday nnd day schools, Woolloomooloo, won luid last Saturday afternoon, hy Mrs. H. Bell, of Rose Hall, In tho presence of a large nsseniblugo. Tho schools are situated ut tho east end of St. Peter's Church, facing l-'orbes-strcct, oppo- site Itose llnll, on a plot nf ground, having Biindrv small erec- tions thereon, which will ultimately ho removed. Thu base- ment of tho building will bo of stone, and tho superstructure of bride, and at first will comprise a schoolroom fifty feet by thirty-llvo feet, hereafter to bo extended to Forbes-street, when lt will bu ninety feet by I hlrty-llve. The walls will bo thirteen feet high, and from tho floor to top of tho roof tho height will be twunty-llvo. ' in consequouco of tho full of tho ground from Forbes-street towards tho church two excellent class-rooms aro to be obtained, being twenty feet tty fifteen .feet, and ten feet high. Those rooms will .faco the east end of the church, nnd open in that direction. An nlr space ls to ho formed all round, and tho foundation well-drained. Tho roof will havo dormer ventilators, and tho sohool and class-rooms will bo lighted and venti- lated by opposing windows fixed with double hurry sashes, aoourlug completo ventilation. Tho struotm-o will bo plain and nent to accord with tho church. Mr. B. Backhouse is the architect, and Messrs. Armitage and Carris the builders, and It is expected that tho first portion ol tho schools will bo cnmploted by Christmas. ThoconTpany having assembled around tho stone, tho Rev. W. Whluflèld com- menced tho oivomony hy reading a selection ol' papers from tho Common Prayer Book Tho Kev. Ii. Taylor, of St. Stephen's Church, Ifowtown, then i-cadlluiitcroii 1 to 7 ! 3 Chronicles xxxlx,, v. 1 to :> : St. Luke H., v da to M ; and a Timothy 111., v. IS to 17. Tho Rov. Gv H. Moreton followed with « short statement of the progress of tho church work of tho parish. He «tated that only «ix years aga tho foundation staue of the ohnroh wus laid, and tlint tho debt lucurrod lu thu erection of tho church had been paid off. Iiargo congregations attended caoh service. The parsonage subscribed for was almost completed. At tho oloso of ms address he conducted Mrs. H. Bell to tho platform, when »ho formally, laid tho foundation stone " in tho tinmo of tho Father, nnd of tho Son, mid of tho Holy Ghost." Tho con- gregation was then addressed hy tho Rov. Canon Stephen, of St. Paul's, Redfern, and tho Kur. Canon White, of Muswell- brook. After singing tho Doxology, tho proceeding" wero ooucludeol by tho Rev. A. D. Snares, of Queanbeyan, pronounc- ing tho benediction. Many nf tho friends and visitors then ndjnurncd to Roso Hall, and formed a very pleasant garden PI"lïo Maitland Mercury has tlio following encouraging items:-Woura glad to hear that there ls ovary prospect of a heavier crop of grapes In tMs dlstrlot thlsyear than IUM been gathered tor many years previously, and that 1 tho condition oftho vines Is In tho highest degrco encourag- ing. In somo few instances tho unusually late frosts havo nipped oiT tho buds to somo extent, and tho hailstorm of a fortnight ago did partial injury. We aro grattflod to learn that, tho apprehensions ol a eenornl attack of rustin tito growing wheat, rendcrod so likely by tho uncertain and tro nuontly rcourrlng showers or two or'threo weeks ago, and tho warm weather tint followed, have not been realised to tho uutlolpatod oxtent.nnd thatns a wholo tho crop has escapad Korlous Injury. Wo hear orrust about Branxton, at Cessnock, and tho Morrowbono ltldgo ot tho Wollambi, (to a greater extent thoro thnn elsewhere un fortunately, hut porhaps not greater In proportion to tho quantity of land limier wheat,) und at Rosebrook, but lt ls oniiflncd to a fow paddocks lu most enies, and does not extend to the built of tlie arop lu tin localities named. And in some Instances lt ls hopod tlmt notwithstanding tho nttneks af rust tho grain will not bo plnuhcd, and we uro told that lu tho OOBO of ono farm at Rosolrook, where reaping began on Tuesday last (unusually carly) tho grain was (Ino and plump. Single- ton and l'atcrsnn advices speak of tho flourishing condition or tho crop thereabouts, and wo havo similar satisfactory Intelli- gence rospootlng fields ot EhlcrBhlo, Cosford, and Rosobrook. Altogether, wo may seo ovory reason to hone, from present Indications, that the wheat han oat will muoh nxcoed that or last your or many years previously. Wo aronlBo told that tho wheat crops at tho Btigarloar uro looking excellent. Tho Musclebrook correspondent of th" same journnl says i-Tho crops at Muscio Crock lank splendidly-nut tho least appear- ance of rust lu tho wheat; and should tho weather continuo lino, lt. promlBeHn bountiful harvest to tho farmers lu that neighbourhood. I may stato that Muscio Creek ls noted for growing finooropjof wheat, Ilutnt a place called Kay uga, about live milos from hero, to tho north-west ot the town, I am sorry to hear that tho rust has appeared slightly! hut lt I» tn be Imped that lt. will not sjircad, for should tho farmer loso lils crop of wheat ho loses nearly all. 