LOCAL NEWS. Murray v Civis. — We have received a letter from Mr. Murray in this suit, but ac cording to Parliamentary usage, the subject is at an end legitimately. We are sorry to exclude Mr. Murray's letter, the matter would become too personal if carried further, and be disagreeable to our readers. Hussey's Combination Thoupe com menced playing at Esplin's, Tattersall's Hotel, last Mondav evening, and will continue every evening during the week. Great Bargains are now to be had in Hay, as will be seen by our advertising col umns. Mr. Warby, Messrs. Moss, and Mr. W. L Smith are all offering special in ducements to purchasers. Next Sunday. — The Roman Catholic bishop is expected at Hay on the 26th inst., on this account there will be no Presbyterian Service. The Weather. — We had some heavy rain on Friday last ; about one inch fell. Hussey's Troupe. — This talented troupe intend paying the surrounding townships a visit on their way back to Melbourne, after the Hay Races, (see advt.) Senior Constable John Weeks is appointed Acting-Clerk of Petty Sessions at Pooncaria. Tenders for rations and provisions for the public service at Wentwortb, to be sent to the Treasury, Sydney, before 4th June next. Also tenders for police forage — (see Gov. Gazette, page 1208.) Insolvency.— Third meeting in Jona than Allatt's estate, at Deniliquin on 14th June. Man Lost. — Last week a main named Richard Cooper was seen cutting tops off lignum and making bundles of them ; next day his swag- was seen by the river bank, but he could not be found, and the police in conjunction with Mr. Palmer and others searched the lignum for two days, but discovered no trace of the missing* man ; he is supposed to have been drowned. Cooper was charged at Hay Police Court on 16th April, with being of unsound mind, and discharged. The defeat of the Victorian Ministry ap pears to be certain, and a general election in Victoria it is expected will soon follow. Mr. Duffy has unmasked the ultra democracy of i the country, and the forthcoming struggle between the two extremes of the democrats will, probably, prove interesting, should it occur. An attempt has been made, so it is thought, by the Age, to throw, over Mr. Duffy to save the remainder of the Ministry, but it is questionable whether Mr. Duffy is not the most popular man in the Ministry. The Age once gave him, individually, a very warm support, and it is reported that Mr. Duffy and j his friends are strong enough to support a new daily journal, which rumour savs they intend to do. Sydney Politics. — -Nothing effectual can be done with the Border duties until Par- 1 liament meets, and an Act is passed, accepting the renewal of the treaty with Victoria, on terms analogous to the last, when no doubt, the duties will not be collected, as at present, but their approximate value ascertained by j proper officials from both colonies stationed on , the Murray tor this purpose. A good deal was made by Sir James Martin and his party of the resolution passed at Hay on the Border duties, as though we were pleased with them. We were not — we are not. The fact of a large storekeeper being able by drawbacks, and using a lower tariff than exists in Victoria, to satisfy him self, can go for what it is worth — all store keepers cannot do this — fewof! them can do h£nce the public suffers. Add to this that the Border duties ar^ a nuisance in a thou sand ways that we cojild point out. Hay Bridge. — MivGeyer the local artist, has taken a photograph of the new bridge works, 8 by 10 inches. It is exceedingly well done, and makes a beautiful landscape picture. Panorama. — On Wednesday night a blind man exhibits a panorama at Halbish's Royal Hotel. v - - \ A meeting of the Committee of the Hay Pastoral Association will be held at the Cale donian Hotel, Hav, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at 10 a.m. A Ghost Story. — As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying ' Hie, Hie.' Young Donohoe stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, coeyed, looked about for half an hour but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was mur dered by a shepherd at the Point some 20 years ago ; and our informant states that Mr. Peter Halbisb, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels ; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time saw the figure of a man, which he hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. Fire Engine. — The lamentable fire, of which an account was given in our last issue, has turned the attention of the inhabitants to our available water supply. The most reason able proposition brought under our notice, is to raise a very large iron tank 8 or 10 feet above ground ; keep it filled by means of a windmill and pump, drawing water from the river, and to make it profitable by laying pipes to the houses, by which a return would be got sufficient to pay more than interest on the capital sum required. This being a re productive work our Council could fairly borrow money to carry it out. Such a tank, with four large garden engines would be of great value in Hay in cases of fire. The Hay Races commence to-day ; a great number of country people arrived in town last nigiit. We purpose issuing ex tiaordinaries on Thursday and Friday mornings of the previous day's racing. Cards of the Races, issued from the Hay Standard Office, conveniently arranged for Sweepstakes, may be had on the Course. Dayspring. — The children of Hay Pres byterian congregation collected £4 15s for the mission ship: — Miss Tully £3 2s 6d, Miss Bourke 13s, Patrick Fairbairn 6s 6d, Richard Murphy 8s 6d, Sarah J. Harvey 4s 6d, total £4 15s, which has been sent to Dr. Mac donald, and receipt returned. Rev. S. A. Hamilton acknowledges with thanks the following sums as subscriptions towards the building fund of the Hay Pres byterian Church : — Messrs. Maybin, Wm. Patterson, James Maybin, and John M'Clelland £1 each, and Mr. J ames Connor 3/. A subscriber has furnished us with the fol lowing extract from a private letter, which he received yesterday from Sydney. The ex traordinary mining mania at present raging in that city, seems to be turning the heads of all classes. The mining world is a little calmer to-day than it lias been for the past six or seven weeks. Perhaps this is signi ficant of the calm before the hurricane of panic, which must sooner or later set in ; and woe to those who are caught in it. Every body worth twenty shillings and upwards is gone just clean demented with the mining excitement. The sometime soberest of citizens thinks nothing now of sticking up any likely buyers of shares and displaying to them spec imens of the latest ' good thing- out,' and soliciting, of coursa, a turn for his bubble. If you look up the Sydney Morning Herald, which by the way is coining money from special advertisements, you will be astounded to observe the quantity of speculative mining ventures offered to the public under every variety of attractive title ; and supported by certificates of recommendation from interested inspecting engineers. Wonderful to say everything that is offered is taken up in 'an incredibly short period ; no time is given for thought as to results ; consideration as usually exercised in business is judged foolishness j and everywhere public credulity is unbounded. I floated a company last week, and named it * * * * ; and stand to make five hundred pounds out of it ; after which I shall wash my hands of the concern ; about the real merits of which I know as much as the man in the moon. The public are literally ravenous for shares, or at least have been so : and according to the most elementary principle of political economy, ' demand ' will find fields of supply of even worthless scrip. Mr. * * * is as mad as a March hare about Hawkins' Hill ; but everything con sidered he is careful withal. He has not entered into the spirit of 'promoting,' as I hlave done, simply because he has not the gift of the gab. He can reason with you clearly enough and slowly, but he cannot talk his victims down ; and that as you must know is all the battle of ' promoting' in these times ; when everybody is dissatisfied with you, and bolts away if you are too long or over nice in explaining points, which they tell you more angrily than prudently they saw at a glance the moment you opened fire on them with some ' Sailor Prince,' or ' Royal Duke,' or ' Gigantic Gull,' or other equally well known line of reef. But the devil of it is everybody now wants to become a ' promoter ' ; and the difficulty is to find those for your pur poses who are not themselves promoters. If non-promoters were to wear tickets m their hats, and parade the streets, I would bet a cool hundred you could scarcely meet twenty of them in a day's walk through the city. Every person wants to be in first j everybody wants to play the great game. Who in the long run, you may ask, will virtually skin the tender lambkin — the generous and confiding public 1 