CAMPBELL TOWN MUNICIPALITY. To the 'Rfdtor' of 'the' 'ratsiser. SBea,-A eorrospondont sunder the signature, of. "A Subscribr,"' has again, been so ill ad. visod as to publish his crude opinions through the medium of your. columns. -, The old and hackneyed aphorism of "Savo;, me from my. friends,!' is undoubtedly applicablo; in this in stance. i Your present correspondent would ins dood bo sorry to intrudo his ideas on your van-, ablo space, unless ho thought ho had good reason. It cannot be permitted that one-sided and essentially' falso. or incorreot statoiuoits should bo published of oceurreneon in this musil oipality, when such can be corrected or confuted by those both disinterested and better infonmdd as to facts.' "Subscriber", in his communication to your esteeoeed periodical,, does all in., his power, thosgh inefleotually, to screen tho, laches of our Supintouendonstof.Police. 11oquotes in sup-: port if theoconduct of his friend; the opinion of thorAttorneyrCenral, .as road in, the Council Chamber on lharsday, the let instant. Now, any person reading that opinion, must be, if he studies it at all'. struck with its concisenies and inipartiality.' 'Whilst it strictly guaxds.;1by implication the liberty of even the poorest;sub. ject, it et does not leave open, if sensiblyin torpreted, any loophl, by which the police could , hld.,orcuable in permitting the evasion of evil doors, 'through ignorance ersie glect on their part. The Attorney-Cenersl in his short-. 'but masterly ' remsarp, says (alwaya. . referring to the ' cads to whvlh~ . "Subscriber " allude . that unless, the. police had reasonable grounds for belief. that a felony had boon. committed, they. were not nocessarily obliged to act ;isi the matter., The opinion therefore of this eminent legal gentleman so simply conditional. 'Tlhefe ,were, UL offectyvgry grave, grpunds of suspicion as adduced by tlie accuser, in fact tantamouqt to a proof of .the commission of crime.'. qiyd the Attorney-floneral, boon thoroughly.,.is. formed &hoewould; ;have. undoubtedly. confrmed and justified, the opinion of that exporonecad and efficient officer the Inspoetor of Polic. "Subscriber" and, his. (shall I say) alter, egs, need not plume themselves upon what they may esteem a victory. They will ~indeud . soon dis cover any such imaginary triumph to, be n. reality neither more nor less than a disastrous discomfiture. .The ratepayers in this muniel pality.are quite willing to abide by the dictum of .the: firstlaw oflicer of the Crown. Thiqy know the. emphatic and explicit opinion of the Inspector of. Police for the Colony to be both in accordance with law, practice, and justice. They will not, therefore, submit themselves to even an inconvenionco-nuch less a loss arising from the vagaries or' incomprebonesion of his duties of an oflicial vwhose salary they are taxed to pay. In return for which the least I imagine they. should expect.wouldhe a due surveillance of their properties and their l bertices as froe subjects of the empire. The case 'which has created all this bother, proves that the first is without protoo tion ; and I will now relate a circuisitance or rather 'an instance which will suflice 'to show how the latter can be disregarded and despisdd whosithe "humour takes the man." i ! Notwithstanding the scrupulous' delicacy of our high'local official about infringing the rights of man, the contrast of his conduct on some occasions 'islstriking as, for instance, on the 28th July last he, arrested an unfortunate devotee of "John Barloycorn" "on the very vaguest of suspicions, and looks: him up two nights and portions of throeo days;` and why I because a paltry rug is missing from an hotel, from whence any person might have' taken the article, this very delicate, fastidious, aid scrupulous gentleman does not in this case re quire any sot or formal comsplaint. No I oa the very, ghost of a suspicion arising from a foolish word uttered by an inebriate, he acts cn .his owin 'discretion. 'It isaIlhope, unnocessarytonri'ntiin that the' magistrates dismissed tlie ridiculous charge when preferred beforethem '1 I This conduct 'dwill leave"' Subscriber,h' if he can, to reconcile with his statements,"such s they ore. l.eannot I I write eimply in the interests of the public. It is the4 dsty of the. police to learn their duties, ands'what is of far. more consequence, toperform thesii., :eot theiin 'b'e assured that' tho 'ay'has gons by!wmoon aany. ignoranice or derblietioi of duty onformation vyill.not be overlooked. Enghiy unodsiould not bs arrested without cause. uttleougherogucs are mostly fools, the are an goneral sot fatuous . as -' to "'lheent ,thae convpieonce, of 'any "'dlfiifoeiie olli' iah' whom "may withl to distingutish' hiinself " as 'their capturer., The ' concluding, remarks of l' Subacriber". are so hazy that I do not in fact comprohoild, thems. They seesisto be aimed at the clouds. I` caste ot'therefobroefor"imisch td them (not.the. clbude.?Yet a sormnos'of dome sort or other sooms to 'he intended, Tha, writer 'it "strikes me, makes an excuse for a non-pei''iobiance 'of du y because in some instances thai law does n t rigidly and strictlydefinethe linctQ of the same. In reply I venture, to statol an opinion ofe pfy own. No one wishes a policeiman to do wrong -every one deaires Isunto act , i',cordanco, :with the law. The liw of the.lg iin(wwhich we 'dwell ineivitably on sossi occasion, ipeposs duties on constables, whethei of high or law, degree to which a tender land concientious Christian mght;dmur I pas'the contemptible speer at ourrespeeted Warden; simply be o it is unworthy' of notice,' and he conclusion I confess no small am'ount 'of rrise that a per son who dares to nmenitioin the 'good old Book'. should seem to be so utterly unguided by its precepts. I beg you will pardon 'this'oncroach-. ment on your space. 