LOCAL NEWS WoUonsoiss Turf Club Kaccs. Tiiibd Day — Monday, October 7th. In consequence of tho heavy rain that pre vailed on Friday last, tho Stewards decided upon postponing tho third day's racing until yesterday. On that day tho weather was all that could bo desired, and tho coursc in excellent order, but the attendance did not number moro than 500. The day's sport passed off without accident. The following is a detailed accouut of tlio various events of tho day : — Tho Turf Club Handicap of 75 sovs, with a sweep of 2 sovs eaoli added j 1A mile ; second horse 10 Sovs from prize. Jlr. .T. Rnss' b li l'rinm, 4 yrs, Ost J31b ... ... ... ... 1 1\ Ivory's br g Sir Hercules, aged, Sst 31b ? .2 C. Iletherington's ch m Crazy .lane, 0 yrs, 8st 10lb ... 3 . J. Iliggersou's gr m Circe, 0 yrs, ?st 111b Tho horses raced iu a cluster from the lialf milo post to tlio stand, Sir Hercules being in command, with Crazy Jane on his quarters. Hounding the first turn Priam fell behind, Circe being well in hand. Half way down tlio Thumb side Priam closed up, and the lot camo swooping into tho front, Sir Hercules still retaining the lead. When at the distance, Priam got his lioad in front, and the two camo away by themselves, Priam winning a good raco by three-quarters of a length, Crazy Jane, who was six or soven lengths from Sir Hercules, beat Citce for third place. Borough Handicap of 15 sovs ; winner to bo sold for £30, any surplus to go to the raco fund ; once round. Mr. 33. IT. 'Weston's br g Eelmoro, aged, 7st I91b »«? ... 1 II, Lnughlnn's blk m Midnight, o yrs, Sst ? 2 Gr. K. WalUrou'scU 111 The Maid, aged, Sst 5lb ? 3 A good stai't was effected, Belmoro loading round tho first turn, Midnight second, aud the Maid bringing up the roar. This order was maintained to tho Wollongong turn, whero the Maid joined the loaders, but Belmoro held tho lead, and won a tamo raco by a length, Midnight not being persevered with. The Spring Handicap of 20 sovs, for all horses ; 1J mile. itr. T. Ivory'a br g Sir Hercules, nged, Ost 51b ? 1 «T. lllggerson's gr m Circo, nged, Sst ? 2 G. Wood's b f iiftvluia, 2 yrs, 5st (earricd Gib over) .. 3 E. II. Weston's b tr 'i iiliinbar, aged, Sat 71b E. A. Jonc's b g Young Magus, 4 yrs, 7st 3lb This race is easily described, Sir Hercules: taking the lead and never being caught. Young Magus would not go : when the flag fell, and' thoreby lost whatever chance he had of the raco. Tho Porced Handicap of 2 sovs oacji, with 15 sovsadded: li mile. . Jlr. Ivory's br g -ir Ilerculos, 8sb 31b ... ... ? «. :1 Laughlan's bile iu Midnight, 5yrs, 7st ... . ... 2 Weston's br g Bclmoru, 7st ? ? ... . ... ... . 3 'Waldron's ch m Tlio Maid, aged' Ost 71b Priain, 10st 51bs, Crazy Jane, 7st lllbs, and Conqueror, 7st 81bs,- did not start. . ' ' Belmoro took tlio load at starting, and kept it until half-way down tho Thumb' sido, where Mid night and Sir Horcules passed him, the lot coming into the straight closo together. Prom this a good raco homo ensued between Sir Hercules, aud Midnight, tho former winning by a leugth. Hack Handicap of 5 sovs ; onoe round ; post entrance. liuukcr, 8st 101b ? ? ... ... ... I Kate Dnlrymple, 6st 81b ? ... ... 2. Jenny, Qst 51b ... ... ». ... ... ' ... 3. Tho following also ran : — Peterborough, 8st l21b, Young Magus, 8st 101b, Black Tracker, 7st 71bs, Kiklaro, 7st lllbs, Phoobe, ost. It being nearly dark when tho raco started it was impossible to distinguish the horses, but on near ing homo Banker wa3 leading, and won by a length, Kate Dalrymplo being second, and Joimy, third. Young Magus again lost teu or a dozen lengths at the start. Tho prizes will bo paid at tho Commercial Hotel this evening. Roster for Thursday, Octobor 10th : — Messrs Waving, Wilshiro, and Brown, J.P.'s. Our Volunteer Coups.— Wo notice that Mr P. Owen lui3 been gazetted as Captain of tho Wollon gong Company of Volunteers. Mr Owen has also recoived from head-quarters the official documents notifying his appointment. Spurious Notes. — Wo understand that several spurious £1 notes havo boon put in circulation by somo of tho rccont arrivals from Sydney. Wo would recommend all tradespeople to bo on thoir guard, so that tlioy may not bo taken in by them. The Steamers. — Owing to the heavy weather and sea that prevailed on tho coast., there was no stoanior either to or from Wollongong on Saturday last. Tho Illalong loft Sydney on Sunday night, and proceeded direct to Slioalharon. On her arrival there, howovor, she conld not enter tho heads, neither could sho faco Kiama harbor on her return. Sho loft here 'for Sydney at 10 o'clock on Monday morning. Police Court. — Mossrs Waring and Turner, J.P.'s. wore on tho Bench yesterday. Tho only case for hearing was a charge brought by ltobert Haworth against .Richard Woodberry for disobe dienco of orders in his capacity of servant. It appeared defendant and others wore at work at ICembla Grango on tho 2Sth ultimo, when he refused, after tho dinner boll rang, to do an amount of work, which tho plaintiff said could be done in livo minutes, at that time, but that leaving the same undone just then would causo considor ablo inconvenience and loss of timo aftorwards. Defendant said ho understood thero was about two hours work to bo dono when ho was requested to remain after tho dinner boll rang. Fined 10s and costs. Tub Weather. — Last Friday was a wet day to all intents and pnrposos. llain commenced to fall heavily on Thursday night, and tlio samo con tinued until Friday night at a late hour, after -which timo the woathor cloared. Shortly boforo 12 o'clock oil Friday tho Stowards decided upon postponing tho racc3 which should havo come off on that day, until yestorday. The fall of rain will do immonso good to this part of tho country, which stood much in liocd of such n visitation. ' Jamiieuoo Races.— Mr; G. IC. Waldron, sold by - auction, at the Jamboroo Hotol, tho gato, grand stand, and saddling-paddook connected with tlio ensuing Jamboroo Races. Tho gato sold for £55, Mr M. King-boing the purehasor, and tlio grand- - stand and saddling-paddoelc were knocked down to Mr D. H. Wilsou, for £G. It will be noticed by an announcomont in another column that tlioso racos have been postponed until Thursday and ' Friday tho 17th and J 8th instant. I The late Alleged Assaum on hie Mail- i jlan. — Tho Attornoy-Goneral has declined to pro j secuto tho two prisonors rocontly committed by tho ' Wollongong ; Bench of magistrates to take thoir | trial at tlio Quartor Sessions for assaulting tho mail-driver between hero and Campbolltown. 'l'hoy wore, thoroforo, liboratod on Friday, forenoon last, but- tho ono callcd Patrick Mucdonnall wa3 immediately ro arrested by tho police, and brought boforo tho Bench on suspicion of boiug tho man for whom a warrant has been issued by the Hill End ' Boncli, for stcaling a purse, and £9 in money, frotii a man named Webstor. Tho prisoner was ordered to bo kept iu tlio gaol at Wollongong, until he could bo forwardod to Hill End to answer tho charge sup posed to bo agairit -liim tliero. Tho other young man — Sydr.oy Albert Downie — who was liberated, sold or pawned for 103 tlio two pistols previously referred to, and inado his exit from Wollongong as soon as ho could manage to do so. ? Narrow Escape.— An elderly woman who resides near the Kerosene Works, at American Creek, had a very narrow escape of being killed last Saturday .morning. Her name is Mrs. Robbins, and it appears' she is very old, and has been receiving aid from the Out-door Relief Department of the Hospital since the time that branch was established under the designation of the Benevolent Society. It appears the old lady has been living in a house alone for some time past, and that on the day referred to a large branch, or head of a tree fell upon the frail domicile and its still frailer occupant. Although the weight of the timber that fell would be more than sufficient to level the strongest house in the district to the ground, it came down around Mrs. Robbins and her edifice in such a way as to do neither one nor the other scarcely any harm. The affair occurred at an early hour in the morn ing, just as the old lady was rising, and her terror may be better imagined than described, when she found that herself and her house had. such, a narrow escape from being crushed into the earth in such a fearful manner. It is almost needless to state that the neighbours immediately rendered assistance to clear the fallen timber away from the premises which had been so miraculously preserved. The Christy Minstrels. — Owing to tho ex treme wot weather, tho above Minstrels did not perform in tho Temperatico Hall on Friday even ing. On Saturday evening, however, thero was an almost crowded audience, and tho entertain-: ment throughout was of tho usual successfully character, 30 far as tho efforts of this troupe aro concerned. Foremost as deserving of notice and praise was the performance of Mr Herman on tho violin, aud that of Mr Oaten on the English concertina. Those gentlemen not only mado the instruments 'speak,' in the general acceptaion of tho term, but what was more, such 'speaking' was of a most melodious and fascinating character. Both of tho gentlemen named testified beyond a doubt to their audience that they can imitate any other instrument 011 those which they play, and tho solos which they performed at the different ontertainments in the Toniperanco Hall woro, musically speaking, sublime. Mr Herman not only excels as an instrumental musician, but his abilities as a vocalist are at tho samo timo of a very high order. He possesses a very rich and pleasing voice, and he sings with groat musical tasto and accuracy, and iu no instance was his accomplishment as a vocalist displayed to better advantage than in his rendering of 'The Lily of tho Lako ' (his own song). Mr Mai pass lias also an excellent voice, and ho sings a chico selection of songs with very iino offect. Tho same can bo said of Mr Poulter, who has proved himself quite a favourite, hero as a sentimental singer. In fact, tho rendering of 'My Silont Grief' by Mr Malpass, and 'Kiss 1110 and I'll go to sleep,' by Mr Poultor, will tend to popularise those airs in this district for some time to come. Mr Mitchell also deserves notice as a vocalist, and, as in all other arts and professions, practice will 110 doubt make liim more perfect as a singer. Mr Stewart takes tho tenor in tho choruses with very good effect, and his porformanco on the violincello is also deserving of praiso and applause: Last, though not least, the two 'corner men,' Messrs. Rogorson and Roberts, descrvo notice as comic singers and comic performers. No other members of tho Company succeed in doing their parts in the sublime more perfectly than those two gentlemen acquit themselves in tho ridiculous — the one as 'bones' and tho other with the 'tamborino.' Tho Ghost in tho Pawnshop ' was re-introduced on Saturday evening, and many of the local ;'liits ' and allusions mado in that farce called forth roars of laughter and rounds of applause. Owing to tho postponement of tho races, as well as an uncertainty about thoir getting away to Syduey yesterday, owing to the stato of the sea, tho Minstrels arranged to perform again at the Temperance Hall last evening, which they did in thoir invariably successful stylo, to a very fair attendance. As a company of Minstrels, the Now South- Wales Christy's have bocomo the greatest favourites that havo yet visited this district, and their return to Wollongong will always bo welcomed. Holloway's Ointment. — No description of wound, soro, or ulcer can resist tho healing pro perties of this excellent Ointment. Tho worst cases roadily assume a healthy appearance wlion over this medicament is applied ; .sound flesh springs up from tho bottom of the wounds, inflammation of tho surrounding skin is arrested, and a completo and permanent euro quickly follows the use of the Ointment. On the appear ance of any of these maladies tho Ointmont should bo well rubbed at least threo times a day upon tlio neck and upper part of the chest, so as to penetrate to tho glands, as salt is forced into moat ;this courso will at onco rcmovo inflammation and ulceration. Tho worst cases will yield to this treatment by following tho printed directions. Dit. Biuoiit's Phosophodyne. — Multitudes of Pooplo aro hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Delusions, Unfitness for Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, A-e. , whoso cases admit of a permanent cure by tlio new romedy piiosphodyne (O/.onie Oxygen), which at once allays all irrit ation and excitement, imparts new energy and lifo to tho enfeebled constitution, and rapidly euros every stage of theso hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers throughout tho Colonies, from whom Pamphlets containing testimonials may bo obtained. Caution. — Bo particular to ask for 'Dr. Bright's Pliosphodyno ' a3 imitations aro abroad. Wreck or tiie Ketch Chance. — Wc havo to record another wreck of ono of tho traders between Shoalhavcn and Sydney. It appears that tho ketch Chance, in company with threo other coasters loft Sydney 011 Saturday last, throe of which, tho Pea cock, Gimbola, and Retrieve savely entered tlio Crookhaven Heads 011 Sunday ovening. Tho unfortunate Chance, by somo unaeountablo cir cumstancc got south of tho heads in tho darkness of tho night, and in making back round tho south sido of tho long point, was lifted upon tho llat rock where sho now lies, unless broken up by the heavy sea that was rolling in on Friday. Ail tho crow managed to got to laud, with littlo difficulty. Tho vessel, wo believo, was uninsured. — ' Shoal havon News.' 