THE STORY-TELLER. \--o- HOW ONE GHOST WAS LAID. BY SHIRLEY BROOKS. (From thire CAhrisntmas number of London Society.) 'Bella does not appear, and everybody else does,' I said, 'I will walk off to Knaresborough, I think, and-' 'And mingle your tears with the Dropping Well. I would, old fellow,.if I were you,' said a voice behind me. SDon't look cross,' the speaker continued; 'if a man talks out loud, it is politeness in the second person to suppose himself addressed.' 'Don't bother me, Tom Foster, .this morning.' ' Who wants to bother yqu ?"said my old college friend. ' I meant to do you a good turn, and give you the consolations of religion-well, not that exactly; but you ought to remember what is said, V'rium et mutabile sempelr--don't you know? I believe it is one of Solomon's Proverbs, and very right too.' 'It is very right, To n; and now go and play croquet with Miss Martin and her cousin. - They are asking f6r yoou as plain as eyes can speak.' ' Ah! Eyes. Yes, eyes. And if those articles could have spolken last night but that's nothing. O, eyes.' Respecting which noun, with varied exclamations annexed, Tom Foster went off, ,picked up.a mallet, and saluted there with. ' I will certainly go to Krnaresboroujh,' I said, but not aloud this tinie. And I was-gatheringmyself up for departure, when a young lady tripped out at one of the ground-floor windows, and down the three steps which led from them to the gerden. It was Louisa Grant. 'Can I say a word to you Mr. Corn bury, unless you are too-much occupied ?' said Louisa. Yesterday it was ' Charles;' and she would have interrupted me in a conversation with the Lord Chancellor. 'I can never be too much occupied to speak to you, Louisa, as you might, I think, be partly aware,' I said gravely. 'Oh, I don't know. Things.,change so that it would not have surprised me to be told to go about my-business.' 'I had hoped that Miss Louisa Grant thought me a gentleman.' ' What she thinks is of very little con sequence. A gentleman, more especially under certain circumstances, might have thought it 'becoming to make.some kind of explanation-to explain in some kind of way Louisa's vocabulary was limited, and it did not supply her with a third way of putting it; but she looked exceedingly angry, and-I may wrong her, but I be lieve that she was uncommonly near en forcing the argument with a stamp. No prettier foot could have beenstamped in Yorkshire. 'Or to ask for some kind of expla nation,' I added:' but not having lately been fortunate in obtaining his wishes, he has held his tongue.' '.If you think that we are going to put up with that sort of thing-----' began the impetuous and colloquial Louisa. ' There, Ihate you! You have made me talk like a milliner ; but the words would come, and I was speaking for somebody else, not myself-somebody whom I love a hundred times better than myself, and who deserves that I should.' And there were honest tears in Louisa's honest eyes. I am not a victim to all de scriptions of ' weeps ;' but when they are genuine-why, 1 don't like it. 'What do you wish us to do ?' was Louisa's next question; and it was said almost humbly. SI do not feel that I have any right to express any wish.' S? You are not speaking like yourself. You are too good to say such things from your heart.' ' I am glad of your good opinion. I am glad to have somebody's. 'If you have not everybody's the same as yesterday, whose doing is that but your own ? And yet you will not deign to say a single word of apology, or pave the way for what everybody wants ?' Everybody wants ?' 'Well, except you, pexhaps. Why don't you see Bellas? I don't say that she can see you, because, if anybody ever cried her eyes out, that is what Bella has been doing since twelve o'clock last night, wheri she rushed to her room.' 'She stayed, however, till the last mo ment that dancing was allowed,' I said, with a guess. 'Certainly, and danced the last dance and you would have been the first to re mark upon a girl who exposed her feelings to a ballroom full of people. Is not that true? and is not that reason able ?' 'Very, if I could only be made to un derstand why there should have been any feelings to conceal,' ' You talk like an idiot. There, I am vulgar again; but you drive me wild with such a speech. What feelings? You walked into the room, showed yourself, took care Bella should see you, and then disappeared. I wont talk of insult somehow I can't think you the man to in sult a girl-but was evei anything so cruel done since the very beginning of the world ?' I was getting excited, too; but I could not resist noticing the remote, yet exact date to which Louisa had thrown back her examination. I said 'It appears to me that your sister does not take you into her confidences.' 'My sister! How dare you speak of her in that way ? Which sister ? what sister? You mean Bella Laura-say so.' 'Of course.' 'Does not take me into her confidences ? I dare say that she may have confided many things to you that she has never been prompted to tell me; but we are one in heart and soul, and wrong to one is wrong to both., 'I could wrong neither; that you ought to know.' 'But I don't. Yhy did you leave the room, and not return ?' 'Have you asked her why I did so ?' 'She can only guess at something; but it is so miserably absurd and foolish an idea, that I wonder she can hold it for a moment. Do you mean that because you gave her a bouquet, and she thought it better, as she explained to you-and she was quite right, and I should have done the same thing if I had been in the same case-what am I- saying ?-yes; do you mean that, because she did not carry your bouquet into the room, you were justified in your shameful conduct ?' *No, Louisa. I have considered her refusal; and if we never exchange another word, I shall always say that she spoke like a high-minded and delicate-minded girl. Even had she put the matter to me less gently, I should equally have rcog nised her good sense, to say nothing of a lady's right to wear what she pleases. It was her subsequent conduct thatjueti fled mine.' ' What in the world dild the poor girl do, then? I was in the room all the time. She danced a few dances, for the look of .the thing, but a nice time her partners must have had with her; and when she had given up all hope of your return, she just held on till she could make her escape. There was supper, but she was crying on her bed, not supping.' ' A sad disappointment to the amiable gentleman who gave her the bouquet she wore instead of mine ! I saw he had ex tended his courtesy to all of you. o80 my presentwas left on the dressing- table, while his was carried about by Bella. She knows best what hopes she gave him to carry about in returu.' The simile of the cloud suddenly shift ing from across a landscape, leaving it in sunshine, is so old, that to use it amounts to genius; and none other occurs to me. That was what occurred inLouisa's face; and in defiance of all Marrowgate propri eties (which are very proper) and all others, she set up a laugh tnat might al most have been heard at the Pump-room, and that is, bee-flight, three-quarters of a mile from where we stood. Some persons have thought, or at least said, that I have some affinity to the un pleasant character called a prig. I do not, of course, mean the word in the slang sses .. which implies dishonesty. Mr. Frank Cowley told me, in my own chambers, that Ishould make a very good fellow one of these days, when I had been married, and learned larger views, but that at the time he spoke my autobio graphy would be an excellent study of priggishness. I am unaware that the sarcasm.was merited, and I do not find its justification in any definition supplied by the dictionaries. His remark was elicited by some objections which I made to the modern costume in theatrical spec tacles; and upon that topic one of her Maijesty'schief officials isofthe same opin inioti as myself. A prig is defined as ' a pert, conceited, saucy, pragmatical fellow,' and this description does not apply to me. But, I confess, that I like persons to conduct themselves with pro priety; and I did not consider that Miss Louisa Gritnt was so conducting herself in breaking out into the unlady-like shout of laughter. It attracted the notice of several residents in the hotel, and I na turally disliked such notice to be drawnupon one whom I had regarded as a probable connection of my own. 'I am gratified to afford you amuse ment, Miss, Louisa,' I said, gravely, 'even though I am unable to understand its orign.' 'You are an old dear,' she replied, with increased levity; 'aud now that I under stand, do you know that I like you a great deal better than ever I thought I should? You can feel, can you, I am so glad.' Thereupon the second Miss Grant made me a little courtesy, her eyes laugh ing in spite of her attempt to be serious, and she went into the house. I cannot say that I felt my dignity unimpaired by our interview, and in other circumstances I should have been more angry; but Bella's behaviour had truly grieved me, and I confess that I was thinking more of her than of myself. 'All squared, all right, old boy, said Tom Foster, very-needlessly leaving the croquet-ground to come and say this, and then walking back again, without waiting for any reply. He was right, too; for I hate to be called . old boy,' and he knew this. I loeft the garden, and walked across the moor in the direction of a small pavilion, in- which is one of the many waters of Marrowgate, At-that time of the day this spring is unfrequented, and I was in a mood to wish to be alone. When I reached the little temple, I found that even the attentive young person who filled the glasses with a fluid strongly sug gestive of weak ink had left her post, and I took a chair, and proceeded to review the situation of affairs. But the odds against me were very un fair. If sisters work together, they can do almost anything they like. The Misses Grant were very faithful allies. I was alone on that moor. In a few minutes I saw a face at one of the windows, and the next minute the owner of the face stood at the door. It was Bella's other sister. Maria, who was a much quieter sort of girl than Louisa; and at Maria I had locked with some favour on my arriavl, and before Bells i bad settled it with the others that she would honour me with her preference. '0, the girl is not here,' said, Miss Maria, calmly. 'Then, perhaps, you would fill my tumbler for me; if you do not mind the trouble.' I made a proper answer, for I hope I never forget how a gentleman should be have; I raised the cover of the well, and obtained the water for the third Miss Grant. I presented the glass, without speaking. As I did so, I observed that she had in her hand one of the bouquets presented to the sisters over night by the coarse-looking mercantle person with the studs. Maria saw me notice this, smiled in a more saucy manner than was usual with her, and then began the elaborate process of holding the breath so as to avoid tasting the detestable water. 'No,' she said, after an effort, 'I can't take it to-day, and I won't. Unless I am going to offend you by not taking what you got for me ' - ' I can have no right to be offended at anything yoe may do, Miss Maria.' 'Oh, I didn't,, know,' said Maria. 'Some people take offence when none has been given." 'That is a bad habit, Miss Maria, and it implies an objectionable na ture.' ' So it does, M[r. Sententious,' replied Miss Maria Grant. Now I hate nick-names, especially from female lips, and I did not answer. Then did. Miss Maria, to my exceeding as tonishment, poke her bouquet into my face, right under my very nose. 'Isn't it nice ?' she asked, in a taunting sort of way. 'Isn't it lovely? Isn't it Atkinson, and Piesse, and Lubin, and Rimmel, and all together ? And helooks as if he didn't like it! What a wretch 1' And this was the quiet and serious Miss Grant, to whom Imight possibly have thought of paying attention. It has been truly remarked, though I cannot at the moment give a reference to tne authority, thai the wisest man does not understand tha least wish' woman. 'Now he is offended,' said Maria. 'But is of no use his holding his tounge. We will have it all talked out, and then he-may go to London, or wherever he pleases Come in, Louisa and Bella!' she cried. Will it be believed that both those young persons just then passed the win dow, and came in at their sister's invi tation? There we were, all four in the temple. Three priestesses and one victim. It was quite classical. But there is more to be believed. Both Bells and Louisa had got their bouquets, and bore them in their hands without the least attempt at concealment. In fact, Louisa rather flourished hers, but I have said that she was a demonstrative girl. Bella quietly walked to the chair which I had left and eat down, and the sisters stood on each side of her, like su'pporters in a coat of arms. But it was quite plain that Louisa had told the truth on one point, and - that Bella had been crying; and, as I have altoady remarked, I have a-great objection to real tears. ' Won't you shake hands with me ?' said Miss Grant, in rather a low voice, and looking up-at-me in. a way thatwas al most piteous. It is not fair for a girl to look in that way, but I had been a suf ferer from unfairness all through. I know that I ought to have been cold and distant, I might have.fought against the words, but the look was too much for me. I hastened to take her hand, when that Louisa threw mine up in the air. 'Indeed, no, and that is not the way to treat him, Bella; and I won't have it, and there's an end,' ' Really---.' I said. ' Really, indeed! There's nothing r.al about you, so don't use a word that you've nothing to do with. What did we agree, Bella? Now don't fly away from your bargain, for that shan't be.' Here Bella burst into tears, and looked at me very much as if she wished-well, wished her sisters were out of the way. I think that she was going to get up, and come to me, but Maria laid her hand on Bella's arm. ' Ce'rtainly, you are to do as you pro mised, Bella,' said Maria. 'Then-then give me my bit of st-st string,' sobbed Bella, quite piteously this time. This was a most extraordinary request, I thought. all things considered. Her bit of string! What on earth did she want a bit of string for ? Was she going to ask me to play at cat's cradle? 'There it is, Bella, dear,' said Maria, producing a piece. It was gardener's string I noticed, and this bewildered me more. 'The flowers,' she said, in the same un happy way. Maria .and Louisa each handed her a bouquet, she put them to her own, and then with trembling fingers tied the three together. I thought she would never have managed the knot; but when the others tried to help.her, she pushed their hands away rather hastily. 'There !' she said, holding out to me the united bouquets. 'What for, Bellsa ?' was all I could say in my puzzlement. 'That's as you-you gave it m9-only not so nicely done up; and now take it back again, and never--never-give me anything any m-more.' 'For she won't have it,' Louisa came in, like a clerk following up a cler gyman. It then occurred to me that I might, by possibility, have made a mistake, though I am not in the habit of doing so. ' As I gave it to you, Bella ?' ' Yes, of course,' said Maria. ' Only it is not his fault, exactly, that he does not recognise his own flowers; because, you know, he never saw them, as he sent the box at once to our room.' ' I-I-saw you were vexed,' said Bella, 'on the landing, and I determined that your flowers should come into the room, so I divided the bouquet into three, one for each of us, ind I thought you would guess--but if I had believed that you would have been so-crael- ' I am not demonstrative, like Louisa, but-perhaps it. was being in a temple anyhow, I was kneeling by Bella, and 'she was crying over me, and I think that Louisa gave me a sort of parting slap, and hurried away with Maria, and I know I have said that our marriage is arranged. aranged. (Concluded.) A SIGN in Montreal reads, "-Boots blacked in side." Most persons refer the old way of blacking them on the outside. AN ACTOx, with a very homely countenance, was acting .Lithridates when a beautiful captive saidto him, "bh. my lord ; you change coun tenance." A man in the pit exolaimed. " Dout stop him--don't stop him for goodness sake, let him !,' . •:. 