" T o w n fiossip." iBY IVPHIZ." ? 1 •: I was. pleased to read in your last issue that Mr. -Berry has pxprossed his hearty concurrence in tlie ne\y project of'sugar manufacture just started, as Several melancholy individuals have for sonic time past being industriously circulating a report to the effect that Mr. Berry would prohibit his tenantB from'planting the'sugar cane ; and one person, in order to show the gigantic development of his inventive resources, positively informed my friend Jinks that Mr. B. had given orders that none of the tenants were-to plant the cane, as he was about to try a still more novel and interesting experiment, which was, that the whole of the tenants Should next year grow, on a large scale— " Nothing !! !•" whatever, 111 order to vary tlie monotony of maize growing, and also to ascertain whether the pure " air" of Shoalhaven was of a sufficiently bracing and nourishing description to enable them to " live on it!" Of course' Jinks scouted these monstrous assertions, and informs me that Mr. B. could never think of displaying such^ avariciousness as to interfere with the small liberty of his tenants in growing whatever they please, and furthermore that Mr. B. is going deep into the sugar matter himself. I hope what Jinks says is quite true. A most distressing circumstance occurred in connection with the "Tally Ho!" conveyance on Saturday last Perhaps some of your readers have a slight knowledge of the " Tally Ho!" as it has long since been regarded as one of the " institutions" of Shoalhaven. The vehicle itself is a two-wheeled one, and there is nothing remarkable about it except its extreme simplicity and antiqneness of manufacture, and it is always recognised bv the peculiar noise that travels with it, which roincinbles something between that of a threshing- machine and a roll of thunder. It invariably possesses a good thick coat of mud as a substitute for paint, and considering the innumerable ups and downs, jolts, bumps, and up-sets it has experienced* in the world, its constitution is still pretty good. Attached to this neat structure is a most mournful and melancholy-looking horse, whose protuberant bones threaten every minute to shoot through the wretched hide that alone covers ihem, while tho lugubrious look of the animal would lead one to suppose that he was Biucerely longing for the happy day udien he would give up tlie ghost, previous to being gently borne to his last home—the boiling-down establishment.' The drivel- of the " Tally Ho 1" is in perfect keeping with the rest of tlie turnout, with the exception of his being in better condition than his horse '; and while driving he perforins a sort of St. Vitus's dance with the reins which is interesting to notice. But, I am wandering away from my subject. Saturday last, as 1 was about 10 state,. tho '" Tolly Ho 1" with two horses attached (the fleshless quad raped above described being one of them) were at Greenwell Point for passengers. After the animals had partaken of their usual hearty meal of "posts and rails," the conveyance started with three passengers; but had not got far on • the road, when the melancholy-looking horse, either from tho indigestible nature of the food he had just swallowed, or becoming disgusted wjtii Bis sad lot, suddenly feU down, and in the iiio&t;' unmistakable and spasmodic manner attempted to kick—-"the bucket!" The ingenious driver in this dilemna was equal to the occasion, and released the almost defunct quadruped from the " Tally Hoi", or, rather, the latter was released from him, and he was left on the road " like a wari-ior. taking his rest;'' after violently attempting to ; breathe liis last in the service tot his country, while the more • stalwart Bawbones bad to perform double woii, and' eventually .arrived in Terrara—alive 1 But the worst is to come yet Overcome with a most Unspeakable grief at this unlucky event, the driver was found the same ~ev»iing dead drank 1 having drownedhiB sorrows in an ocean of Jamaica!. (The horse has since died.) The Court House on Tuesday last presented an unusually livelj appearance, and as I happen to be of an inquiring turn of mind, I strolled up" to see what* was going on." I found a large ' number of the ."fancy" in attendance, who had assembled in full force to hear the trial of of an exceedingly interesting case, , which was as follows :—A certain young lady, some short time ago, being dearousof showing in a rather { practical manner her warm devotion and attach* ment to her " yOnng man," presented him with a bouncing baby, ds a small token of her ardent affection. .But she now explained that her gay' Lothario, .through a most unaccountable oversight; forgot to commit matrimony previous to this arraneement, and instead of leading her to the hymenial altar, had slightly varied the proceedings by leading her iy a "halter" from: the paths of rectitude ; and the result boing a baby, die now prayed that Lothario be ordered to find the wherewithal to "buy the frock a child!" Th^ young man, however, who did appear , to acquiesce m ifknice to be a father'" under, , circumstanoes, • positively assorted __ T .„ was a case of mistaken identity, and that it' was somebody else that had " been and gone and* done it i" The worshipful "beaks," however, <wtmnd up tly^l&se;'to' ordering the luckless jothario to |>ayr the f Sumjbf sixty pence' ppr week towards th^support of the little cherub! - In your last week's issue I find I am the recipient of amende drubbing Jrom your Boolong correspondent, who, displaying a most acute sensitiveness, takes exception to my remarks in reference to lhe late'conceit in "aid of Mrs. Peniston. As your correspondent has exhibited a desire to deal gently with me for the big sin I have committed, let'me be equally charitable, and inform him that! had not the slightest intention or desire to cry down the efforts of a number of yonng men who had given their services in so go6d and charitable a cause. Of course, I must conclnde from the cbivalous mannerin which yoiir' correspondent takes up the ctidgels inthe matter, that he Vas in reality one of theperformere, although he " happened" to attend,} -bnt ; thie liWIitde to do with°tlie subjects- ^My-remarks -about Mr. Tom Barker (for whom l hav? die greatest possible respect) seem to have specially offended your correspondent; but I,.can only say that the fact of the veteran Tom pppearing in jiublic as a vocalist was generally regarded as simply a good joke ; his singing was accepted as a joke, and I cannotiseethe .enormity of my sin in recording it.asa joke, and: it was for this,part of die performance only that the ;irpniqal ; adjeetive, "magnifjeent,", was,jnt?h3ecL But whilst ad- : milting that tins 'enterMinhien't''ihay haVe' been •equal to the other "melodiouS'treatS , "* We ore aecustomed to, it is no less deserving, perhaps, 'of die ironical " magnificent" being applied tO it. | r 