CREED OF POPE PIUS IV. No. VII. We come now to the Vlth Article in the Creed of Pope Pins, to which the present Pope and all Romanists everywhere have sworn allegiance. It is as follows : — " I constantly hold that there is a Pur atory, and that the souls therein detained arc helped by the suffrages of the faithful." This is the article which is worth all the rest to the Roman Catholic Church. It is this Avhich has filled her coffers in many a :strait. It is this which has built many a chapel. It is this which has supplied luxurious and rapacious Popes with money for wars and aggrandizements. It was this which built St. Peter's, at Rome. It is this which is collecting money for St. Mary's, in Sydney. Indeed, were it not for this -article the Romish Church might shut uj) lier shop ; for unless there was the fear of a purgatory in the Roman Catholic people, which leads to bequests of money as a com position for the departing, no one would pay for the indulgences and privileges which she pretends to give in this world and the next. The theory of Purgatory is this — that sins are of two kinds, mortal and venial. The first sins send to liell ; but the second, while forgiven through penance and abso- tion of the priest, are forgiven only as to their punishment ; there is .still . some punishment to be endured in an in termediate .state, between this world and heaven ; and this supposed intermediate state is called Piugatory. It is sujiposed that however good a man may be, and however absolved' and forgiven, lie ivill still have some sin to suffer for ; and so Purgatory is invented; and the faithful, after all their sacraments, anointings, and absolutions, are sent there to suffer for a longer or shorter time, according to circumstances. It is supposed that God forgives the eternal punishment due to sin ; but He leaves it to the Church to deal ivith the punishment which must be borne in Purgatory: and so Purgatory is a future state over which the Church has special power. It is sup posed that jhe souls of " the faithful " are detained in .purgatory, and submitted to punishment and torture equal to that of hell, only not everlasting ; but that, by the efforts of the Church, through her masses .:and prayer.s, she can lessen the time of suffering, and even free for ever the tor mented souls by an immediate release of them from that prison. Noav the question is asked — Oti what ground is this to be believed? But the Council of Trent, which the late Council of the Vatican fully endoi'sed, briefly answei-s. He who will not believe it, " let him be . accursed !" If the question be asked still, some of the Doctors of the Roman" Church —such as Dr. Manning, Dr. Cullen, and Mr. Polding — "will answer that we have no light to ask for evidence ; that it is suffi- cient that the Church has ordered the -dogma, and that there is no alternative but to believe it or go to perdition ! Some Doctors, indeed, do attempt to supply some evidence. For example, they quote some passages from the Apocrypha, from the Book of Maccabees, about praying for the dead, &c.; ; but the Book of Maccabees is not Scripture, and has no more authority to command our belief than the " Arabian Nights" or the poetry of Virgil. But there are also passages from the tine Scripture quoted. For example. Mat. v. — 25, about agreeing "with your adversary, (fee., " lest he deliver thee to the officer and thou be cast into prison ; verily T say unto thee that thou shalt tiot go out thence until thou hast paid the last farthing." " The far things," says Bellarmine, " are the venial sins, the payment is human satisfaction, and the prison is purgatory !" but did ever any intelligent man consider such a per version of Scripture? The passage says not one word about purgatory ; it says not one word about a future state ; in fact, it distinctly refers to the present life ; but it mentions a prison, and money, and getting out, and this is enough to establish Purgar tory. But if it referred to purgatory, then, while no soul could get out until the very last farthing were paid, and therefore i7i- dulgeices would be impossible, it does not say that the " farthings " are to be paid to the Chm'ch ; and what right, therefore, has the Church to look for the farthings ? If it were not with a view to her getting the farthings, the Church would never have attempted to t"wist this passage into a proof for purgatory! But another passage is quoted — Mat. xii., 32. The sin against the Holy Ghost " shall not be forgiven, neither in this world nor in the world to come." But this same passage is given by another Evangelist, Mm'h, who, it is said, "wi-ote his Gospel under the eye of Peter, Mark iii — 29, "It shall were? be forgiven." Therefore, the absurd reference that in the world to coRie 'some sins will be forgiven," and therefore that there must be a "Purgatory," is despatched at one blow. But if it were not, see the conti-adiction ; in the fii\st pas sage Purgatory is proved by a 2>rison and jiaying the last farthing ; but here, in the second jiassage. Purgatory is pi-oved by for- rjiveness neither in this world nor in the next ! If intelligent Roman Catholics weie to accept such reasonmg as this in business or family affairs, not one of them could be .sure of his OAvn name or home. Tlie other 2)issages quoted are all alike, not only irre levant, but contradictory and absurd. The truth is, there is not one passage \vhich gives to the idea of Purgatory, where the souls of the faithful ai'e roasted for a while, and from which the Church can deliver them by her masses and j)rayers, the slight est countenance. The jiassages are inere pretexts. The dogma was first foi"lned, and then .some jiassages were hunted for to give the dogma stqqiort. They are evidently after thoughts. .But, like all after thoughts, they contradict one another, ; and they jirove that Purgatory is an invention of the Priests. The Avhole doctrine of Scripture is con trary to this doctrine of Purgatory. When God forgives sin. He forgives it freely and fully. It is true that some consequences of sin still remain, when the guilt is for given. For e.xamiile, David's sin was for given, but the child died. The Iraelites were forgiven, but their city was in ruinsi The drunkard may be forgiven, but the disea 3 and poverty which his siri has brought may remain. But these and the temporal consequences of sm are confined to this world ; and they have nothmg to do with the text ; nor are they in any sense to be regarded as " human satisfaction." They are not a jiaying the "very last far thing." The forgiveness of God is free and full. Physical laws may be allowed to run their course in this world ; but the forgive ness of God is a total cancellation of the guilt and jjunishment of sin in the next world. The Scrqitures witness that while the toiehed are to be sent to torment the 7'i(jhtsous are to rest. When they are absent from the body, they are to be present Avith the Lord. When they fall asleep, their soul is to retui-n to God who gave it. The Aricked go aAvay into hell, but the righteous into heaven. N o 1 says the Roman Church, not until they have suffered in Purgatory. In our next we' shall see tlie reason. 