.s - : r t t- ; BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE.' PART II. Chapter xix — The Last oe Randy Black. Turning out of the gate of Harebell Farm went Mary Barber. Rare, indeed, was tbe fact of her going abroad without any particular object ; and vet she was doing sp this late afternoon. It hac. been the monthly wash ihat week . at the farm ; but the weather had been favourable for drying, and the cloie at this day, Wednesday saw all tbe things done up, and in their appropriate presses and drawers, Mary Barber, assisted by one of the < women set rants, had beer ironing hard for many hours, mid When the early tea was over, betook herself out for a walk, partly besause she had no other pressing employment to get to, chiefly that she had an unusual feeling upon her of being etiflec indoors. So, putting on her every- day shawl and bonnet, away she went, " Curious I should feel as if I wanted fresh air, me !' she said, half aloud. ' I must be getting old ; : that's it and I be getting old' for that matter. : . Wellv I've had my health and strength better nor most people, and-ihere'e ome good work Th my arms yet. Suppose I'd had a weak heart as my poor sister had !-£nd died of it, as ehe did ! Them boys of hers be gettipg on like & house a- fire : quite gentlefolk they be now ; though me, their aunt, Molly Barber, can't be called much else but 'a upper servant." Walking up Harebell Lane, she glanced at tbe bwdding hedges on either side, >st the springing grass. It was only February yet, but the most lovely weather conceivable, warm enough for May. The prolonged and heavy snowstorm of the j previous winter seemed to have benefited the earth. They would have it cold again, no doubt ; but just now the days were bright and beautiful. Mary Barber went along sniffing the air as if she could not enjoy it enough: shut up all day with the hot ironing etove, bending over the linen she ironed, the freshness was OHly too welcome. The setting sun threw his golden rays slantwise, birds 1 were chirping their last song before settling down in their neate, all Nature seemed glad. Primroses and violets nestled in the banks of the shady lane : hard Mary Barber actually stooped mid gathered some. Ehe was feeling less hard than usual that even- frig. Life had been all prose for her, no poetry at all in it. Perhaps it was the nnnsual weariness that softened her : not exactly weariness of limb, but -wearinesB of spirit. Her thoughts were run ning into a groove not at all customary. " Says Richard Pickering to me t'other morning in Worcester when I ran again him coming out o' the hop market, ( You should not stay on at Hare bell Farm, Aunt Mary —a calling o me unnt for once he did—1 1 but have a nice little home of your own, and live comfortable in it.' 'Twas the old pride in part made him say it ; neither him nor Willie have ever liked my being in service, specially him. We'd help yon to the home,' he went on, I and William ; we want you to have rest. Mary.' And he sYight, 1 say : for I am beginning to feel the heed o' rest, and service is getting' hard, tor me. | Rut 1 don't care to be helped by them, and what I've saved isn't quite enough to keep me yet. | Bother . take it ! What has set me on © these thoughts this evening, I wonder? I think I'll get Priar to give me a dose o' physic to put me to righto. 'TWon't do for me to fail i' my work." Approaching Harebell Pond— which she did not do once in two yean, as a role; no, nor in foarj-theead fate of her former master, Robert Owen- —a fata which every one had long ago given up all hope of clearing— recurred to her. Every circumstance connected with it flashed into hey mind as vividly as though it had passed but yes terday. The singular dream, when she and others, quite a crowd of them, seemed to be searching for him up this very lane and across the fields, all, bearing for ohe point, the direotion of the Trailing Indian j and the absolute later disappearance ; .and her visit ;to the inn in .the morning, when Emwift Geach was a wailing infant a few honrs old, and the toother lay in. danger up-stairs 5 .and the com motion and uncertainty altogether, until the water gave I up its secret : like the bits of glass in a kaleidoscope -fixing themselves into their placet one after anothe so the past events rolled through her mind. 1 t , Rhh passed thepond with, a glance and a shudder slightly quickening her steps. , A few stepe on- wardB there arose a haxy kind of indecision in her purpose : whether she should go straight on through the gate leading into seme' fieffis oh Sir Denes home farm that'tay beyond; ohontinue . turn to Ahe rfgat,: T Her - feet, unprmnpted as ee<toiBd1-rfor jcartainly ehe wOs 'hot' ' tohscfoUs tanking any depsiqn haweft-rf ItotoltheiattWi 2h after jlifry Mafir Rarbe was wont to say ththaf 'iriBtUct from Heaven guided her. ' 11 i" fll gQ tothh end,. Just as far as the turnpike: road| sh4.%eu #qfh Seek," she said finding which way her.epparently purposeless feet had faken her. . — t_'< , ,1 This bronghVher, nabhe roadar toast know, to thq. Trailing Indian: ; Ifeary Barber turnef hifr ey« pponDiat Ifeittfxie ih same ' Ctmosikyx - its; past associationsreudering ft always a pif» of interest. . Since Miss Emma Geach's return sa.-: take jup her abode in it, the inn had shown some aliglft signs of renewed life. That bustling damsel, ready of service, free of tongue, made a ptoassnter hostess than Black and Sam Pound had made hosts; and stragglers were beginning to drop ill again for half-pints of ale or cider. As to S&ta;, his worst fears had been, realised: he was dis missed. _ . .. 1 tthegolden heams of the sun, pertly below .thjjj horiaon now, had turned to crtmaon, and the'frbnt casetaento caught the AflWh ( of the utnetood open, but msro was no other sign of life or habitation about the dwelling. It looked Very solitary, and everything around was still, inoluding toe evening air. "She's out," thought Mary Barber, "else there'd bfebme clatter of dishes goine onTT dier tongm|j|fth it As tlaot— ' s|f ever Miro: Barber heard a grta ol -.onv .1 heard one tjn. Whence did it co<xi0 ? tarned foA about her, and there urommuoth N e mtstalpeiow : ' toey came from toe boose. " Anything the matter ?" she called out, her way to the side door. ' S A succession of moans answered her ; painf 1 moans, telling of some awful calamity. Barber was not timorous : she had seen too m an ugly kigWU inTiet life for toefc, ghoft. indaded- butdt was certain that a tremor of fear seised on her then, and she would willingly hare turned back, rather than --.-ontored," " What be it? she asked, halting outside the kitchen door. Ah ! what was it? Mary Barber groaned her- tolfVjfth iho went in, end eaw. " Randy Black was stretched on the kitchen floor, bleeding fro® f a wound in the side, his gun lying beside Mm. He had got the gun about, intending to clean it unconscious that it was loaded. The charge went off and shet hint. It appeared that he had lent the gun to one of his friends, named Thaxted When the tnan returned it Black asked if it waj charged, and Thaxted replied No. He had under stood Black to ojiy, Have you drawn the charge p — as was explained when too late. Whatever ill had encompassed Black's life Mary Barber could but feel the deepest compas sion for him &ow.; Something in his face would have told her that the injury was mortal without his confirming words, " It's my death! it's my death." : 1 What could she do alone ? Emma Geach had" gone off to Worcerter for the Wednesday's market < and to buy herself some gowns. While she was ,on he# knees, doing What she could to tafinph toe blood, and nearly at her wit's end, young Cole entered.;, and Mary Barber Aaid. Providence hid sent hiur. ; ;<.' 1 " You be fleet o' foot, Ham. Put out the best : 8 peed ye've got, lad, and get Priar up here. And list ye," she added in a whisper, drawing fiia. young mtan'C tor down, " when Prtar'erome off run round to toe parson, and ask Aim fo'pffaftW L come. 'If ever mortal man wanted shriving ! his soul was on toe wing, it m us the this one ljine -here.",-""; ; . . ; Apparently Mr. Black whs thinking somewhat of toe same. Whence he gathered his dflductumj ' perhaps he eoold not have defined ; but that death was ciose upon him he felt sure and certain. And, Btrange though it may be to say it of this hardened1 and bad man, whose whole life had been by recklessness ; who had laughed at death, and set it and what must come after it at defiance as a thing that could not concern him— he was row shrinking from it in affright, the veriest coward. Sach instances have been known, where this awful terror has assailed a soul at the close of an ill- spent life. It was not the life so suddenly cut short that the man was regretting: that appeared not to give him a thought ; it was the dread judg ment to which he was hastening. Mary Barber turned him round, for he had been lying on the wound, and found a pillow to pat under his head on the kitchen bricks, sad gave him a sup of brandy which he asked tor. Bis bleeding seemed to stop, and he was in less pain. When did It happen ?" she asked. " On'y just afore you come," groaned Black. " I'd got the gun muxzle upwards, and was s turning roond'tb light a candle." And . titan he gave rent to wards, and ptomts, and cries, toat s urely wtnrfd gerer hate" "fawn wrung from him in health; ay, and prayers. Prayers that he would at all times have scoffed at. Prayers for mercy : prayers te be let perish for ever as a dog and be no more heard of after death. Mary Barber was horrified : she compassionated him with her whole heart ; toe knelt down, railing her hands together, and asked aloud far pardon for him, even at that, the eleventh hoar. . The man was beside himself with fear. He called tor mete brandy, and when she hesitated to give it him, he swore at her in some of the wont lan guage he had ever used in his wild career. The nest mingta he was beseeching her and Heaven alike to forgive him. She administered a little brandy ; not much, for she was afraid to do it without the sanation of Mr. Priar. <fPriar'll be up soon, Black," she said. "Ion shall havo moro then if he'll let you." The man's faculties appeared to be almoit supeknaturally dear ; his intellect and memory bright» as they bad ever been in life : his reesee as free ; ,but a degree of physical exhaustion came on, and theu he lay comparatively still. Mary Barber weised upon the interval to tell him about toe Jhfof on the Cross, and Black hushed his breath while he listened. " JHe had been bad too, like yon, Black, tod man had' f bat the Saviour pardoned him. Wits the i Lord it is only to repent, and ask, and have." Black turned his head about on the pillow and rnoftw i ild "righhrt, wad 1 bus was stiff quiet. A thought came intaJthe- woman's mind, and she promptly acted on it. \- M I'd like t» ask ye- one thing, Black, whiie there's tone : 'twos' 6 hurt you to answer it »> one way or t'other. The hag o' money etde frsm Sir Dene's parlour that New Year's Day— waa it youtookitf ; Was it me took it?" retorted Black, with a touch of his old fierceness. " What d'ye meat ?" " i lame of 'em be a suspecting Tota Clan waring imT itill : as ftjatpkps prn," «as haf repl y "Onlfi Sjhis ' rery morvring fiquirh Aide, . Wno came up to the f irm a waating to see toe mastiw, taood by ?foy i oning- board, a talking pn'fc. I said 'twas KKuesc aB Mr. Tom didn1! home back now things ngaii him had been cleaied np J at toft the Sqni e;wenfc quite in a pemfop, t and. spid. brings agau him weronot cleared Mp, arid the fellow wtas not wanted back. It could have been poth ng but the meney he was thjWang« Blac : : there's nought else lying again Mr. Tom wroh. t . j 1 -r; o I-' "r 1 Bl mi's Wyes were oast np towank her ? tork, arid 1 Imost fierce as ever, were they. Bift ho jnadi no answer. o , " ' ?om Clan waring never harmed you, Ran. He showed himself friendly always, and did yoa mani a good turo. H 'twas you took tbe money, yog aright confess to it now, for his sake-". « The man as took the bag o' monqy Was Cap tain Ulanwaring." What ?" cried Miaiy Barber intsnwptmgtho hqgrSedeep Hary Barber peered into Blatos feoe, beUering his eensso wen deserting him. He saw the doubt. Jbr wtasafiM ass |L Iff -rT. „f " Dtne HolUm," from p. 2. I Saturday night, Boon after I 8 owed ifte money, mate bed Ml ""SSied for fear I ehoald let onb thlBgB be I fKt letmUor in the moWing I told SilSita he didn't pay me. Hegareme hatfwhirthe owed : mod I wondered where j be had got it fro®' fohe WB® M hftrdup I afl any poor deril j » ?«» flhe inter- I "Was it for bacca, be owea it - j ra?ftl for bacca," retorted Black, re- 1 . " - Arde was here, and began fo« in wb W« me took Sir Pane's teg of money. 'I the first time Td itfleped of any money being stole ; and l knew at j 56 who 'twas that had took it, and where Cap- tain Clan waring bad got his money from- I ee® the bag in his hands and the notes and gold in it. «Tbat thefe Captain Olanwaring must have aB many "DB t® answer for 88 yon, Black," spoke Mary Barber, drawing a deep breath. ' Perhaps morei the sight of Heaven. Why didn't you tello' this, and clear Tom Olanwaring? Black shook his head. " I couldn't tell o the captain then, though I'd used to threaten it. His interests was mine till I'd got my money from him in full. And he might La' turned on me, he Alight, fo? he knowed a thing or two." . It appeared Id hate been a case of rogue cutting rogue. That Captain Olanwaring and Black were mutually afraid of each other, and had acted in accordance with it, there could be no question. A perfect yell from Black startled Mary Barber out of her momentary reflection. His side had burst out bleeding again, bringing back all his terror. Perhaps in the past few minutes, feeling easier in himself, and believing the bleeding had stopped, he had been indulging some faint idea of reC,'rtUeftd a different life, I would !" he aspirated, 1 as if making a promise to the empty air. I The most welcome sound that ever greeted j Mary Barber's ear was that of gig wheels. Mr. Priar and his apprentice had come speeding up. Tbey were followed by Harry Cole and others. After apprising the surgeon of what had hap- j pehed, Ham had gone on his way to impart the ' news generally. Mr. Priar speedily cleared the kitchen of the interlopers pressing into it. Mary Barber and Harry Cole alone being suffered to remain ; and the clergyman when he came. Alas ! nothing could be done to save the life that was eo swiftly passing. All the skill of the medical man was not able to prolong it by one hour beyoad its allotted time. Black was not inaTed from his position. Ou the kitchen floor be bad fallen, and on the kitchen floor be remained to die. Some blankets were gently elided under him to make it leeB hard : but he might not be disturbed further. In the presence of the clergyman and doctor, of Mary Barber and of Harry Cole, he made a confession : some dim hope that it might serve him when he should stand before the Great Judge in that dread hereafter, urging him to do it. Petty fins were avowed, such as smuggling, and poaching, and receiving stolen goads ; a whole catalogue of such doings, that appeared to have been always running on. These lighter offences Black did not himself seem to think much of j but there were others. Grave crimes : beside which the lighter sunk to little. As the eye estimates things as being large or small according to comparison, so does the con science. Bandy Black had the lives of three men on his soul : the pedlar, once or twioe spoken of here ; a gamekeeper ; and Bobert Owen. The ODly one of them wilfully and deliberately murdered was the pedlar. Stupefied by drink, perhaps purposely given him, he bad been killed in the dead of night by Black's own hand, and afterwards buried by him and the ostler, Joe j bis box of wares, some of them real gold and silver, being the indncing motive. The game keeper was shot by Black in a night fray, but not of deliberate intention ; guns were going off en both sides. The third, Bobert Owen, had been wilfully assaulted, but not wilfully murdered. That Black was telling the truth without dis guise, in this his dying hour, was &U; to evident ; nay, he sought rather to make himself out worse than better. Once this awful hour comes upon hitherto careless sinners, there can be no playing at bo-peep with conscience. On that long-past Easter Sunday night, as may be remembered, Mr. Owen, after quitting his daughter Maria and Geoffrey Olanwaring, had been traced to the two-acre meadow ; the young man, Parks, having watched him across it on his way to the oow-shed. Subsequent to that no trace of him — in life — could be discovered ; and this loss Black now supplied. After leaving the shed, Mr. Owen went back across the meadow towards his home. In the narrow path, eo often mentioned, between the grove of trees and the pond, he halted and leaned over the fence, whether without any particular motive, or from hearing some fancied sound that he would investigate, could never be known. Black, concealed in the grove of trees with a heavy etick, pushed oat and dealt him a sadden and violent blow on the back of his head. It must have stunned Mr. Owen, for he fell more forward and did not lift himself ; Black took him by the heels and tumbled him over into the pond. So be Uy there and was drowned without a struggle, his senseless condition preventing his making any effort to save himself. " As the Lord's above and hearing me, I didna mean to kill him," gasped Black, when he had told this. " Owen o' the farm was spying on me and my doings, and I wanted to serve him out f or't ; break a arm or a leg, or crack his akull a bit, and so teach him not to come interfering in matters as was none of his. But I never meant to kill him. I thought he'd scramble out o' the pond sure enough ; I run off home here a think ing it." " But you must have gone out into the grove with a heavy stick to watch for aod assault him," said the surgeon, in answer to this. " So I did," was the ready avowal. " Things had crossed me that Sunday, and I bad a lot of drink in me. I'd slept Bome on'fc off, but not all. While Joe was shutting up, just after I woke, that dratted Owen o' the farm came slap into my head. I thought I'd go and see whether he was sneaking and peeping then ; and I caught up my stick and went and hid i the grove and waited — I knew his cow was sick, and fancied he might be coming to't the last thing. But I swear I didn't think to kill him ; and when I come home here and telled Joe, we both ® buckled over the sousing he'd got, and I warn up to bed a picturing of him trailing home through we lane, like a drowned rat. Next morning, when Joe came creeping to mv bedside, a saying that Owen hadn't turned up nowhere and was a being enquired for at our house here, I was hard , o' belief,4md telled him to his faoehe maa a lying fool. No ; I never killed hum wilful." Mary Barber threw her hands on her face, and sobbed a sob of emotion. Barely hkd she been sc moved. Memory was over-busy with her. The ViVid dream — sot less vivid than when Bhe had dreamt 4t— that had surely foreshadowed her master's death, passed through her naiad for a , second time that evening in au its details. jffij passed through it. Bhe saw him walking in from church that Easter Sunday, after partaking of the Lord's Sapper; she saw him seated at his table's 1 head entertaining Sir Dene's son and his son-in- law, Geoffrey Olanwaring; she saw him stand in the yard at sunset speaking to Joan ; it was all before her now. The sun'B rays fell across his face, lighting up its remarkable beauty. Mary I Barber had seen many a handsome man in her I life, gentle and simple, but never a one whose form and face equalled bis, Bobert Owen's. Sho I had suspeoted Black at the time, had. suspected J j him since, for her dream had certainly , in some j | vague way, pointed to him and his home, the | | Trailing Indian, as being concerned in the disap- I 1 pearanoe : and now she found that her suspicions 1 1 were true. If Mary Bai ber had wanted her belief I 1 in dreams strengthened, this would have done it. I I But, if her faith in dreams of the night was I I confirmed, that in regard to the appearance of I supernatural visions was destined at the same time | j to receive a shock. Bobert Owen's ghost had not | I been a ghost. Knowing what Mary Barber knew, J I remembering the experiences of her earlier life, 1 ) and what she had once seen in the Hollow Field | — her sister on the stile there — no power, human I or divine, could have shaken her belief in the poB- | eibility of the dead appearing to mortal eyes. In 1 this one instance, regarding her late master, she I found that she and others had been craftily im- posed upon. The strange figure, appearing to the world as a snpernatural visitant, and popularly j believed to be the unfortunate Bobert Owen's j spirit, was, after all, only fleBh and blood. Black | and some of his associates, including Michael 1 Gcach, set their heads to work, and turned Mr. I Owen's death to good account. The happy J thought was Black's. They improvised a ghost to j I represent him ; the object of coarse being to keep 1 j undesirable people away from Harebell Lane and j 1 that part of the Harebell fields that overlooked 1 1 the lane. The men, who were in the habit of | 1 stealing up the lane to Black's with booty about j them, had been seen 60 many times of late that | j they bad grown afraid, and flatly told Black that j 1 they must give up the game unless something I j could be done to insure greater safety. Bobert I Owen's ghost effected this. It was far more easy I to get up a ghost of him than it would have been of most people : for there were those most strongly j marked features — -the flowing, silvery beard, and j the magpie cap. A silvery beard was procured, I and another magpie cap : also clothes and a walk- j j ing-stick, similar to thoBe used by Mr. ! j Owen the night of his death. Michael Geach was j the ghost. He was as tall as Mr. Owen, and had j the same well-formed, handsome cast of features — I though the shape of features cannot be seen very j much of at a distance by moonlight. Arrayed in the clothes and the beard, and the white- bordered cap, Michael Geach might have been s worn to in any moonlight court of law as Bobert Owen. The best proof was that he deceived Bandy Black himself. When Black had burst info his house that un lucky night in a state of terror not easity im agined or described, and confessed that be had Been Bobert Owen's ghost, his terror and his belief were alike genuine. That the man, hardened though he was in crime, had Mr. Owen's death somewhat on his conscience, various sigBs betrayed to those about him. Coming home from Hurst Leet that bright night, what with the natural loneliness of the lane, its weird shadows and its awful pond — awful to Black at night since what he had done there — it was only to be expected be should begin thinking of Bobert Owen ; a very unpleasant thonght, which made bim quicken his pace past the pond. Had it been to save Black's life, he conld not j have helped turning his eyes in a kind of dread j fascination to the fence abov?, whence Bobert Owen had fallen. And there — there stood Bobert Owen himself : that is, his Bprit, as Black I took it to be ; the white beard, and the magpie cap, and the coat he was drowned in, all con- J epicuons. I And now here was a strange thing — that tbht J man, hardened in sin and in the world's worst ways, should have been stricken with this most awful terror. Bat that he was so, and this is no 1 fiction, it would be scarcely believable. The idea j that it was Geach never so mnch as crossed him ; I for he had reason to believe that Geach was a J vast number of miles away, on the Cornish coast j in fact, gone there on some secret mission con- I nected with a privateer : that he could be in I Worcestershire, even had the thought suggested 1 itself, Black would have deemed an impossibility, j Geach, however, had arrived at the Trailing Indian that night during Black's absBnce. While waiting for the landload to come in, it J occurred to him that he might make use of the hour to profit, and he arrayed himself in the ghost's coat, which was kept at the inn — and stole out to frighten the world, putting on the cap and beard when he was safe in the grove of treeB. But that Geach Baw the state of terror he sent j Black into, and enjoyed it too much to speak, there could be little doubt of, though he vowed to Black afterwards that he did not recognise him. How all that might have been, does not signify : there's the explanation. Perhaps the strangest fact of all, connected with that strange business, was that Black retained hie terror. It was just as though some mental disease had been caught by him that night, and could never afterwards be eradicated. Time, instead of wearing the impression off, only seemed to increase it. He hardly dared go abroad at night ; as the years went od, he cared not to remain alone in the |inn after dark. The pro longed fear that lay on him, lasting for years and years, was so entirely devoid of reason, so utterly absurd, especially in a man like him, as to be almost incredible. It wore him to a shadow ; it embittered his life ; it left him no rest, sleeping or waking. Could it have been the finger of God that rested on him, working out the man's pun ishment ? Mary Barber assumed so. " It seems the Lord has been punishing you, Black," she observed compassionately, after listen ing to his confession of how dreadful his sufferings from this terror had been. ' Let us hope that Hell be all th# more lenient to you now, and mercifully hear the quicker your groans for pardon."— From the Argosg. (to sc cocznrosn.) 