MACKAY. (more care OWN coiinnaposDENT.) September H. NATURE. what is most urgent comes press- ing up to notice-the weather. Nuior, within the memory of the oldest inhabitant, has the grass been so bare, or the need of rain so deeply felt. This need is not confined to the agricul- | turns, the squatter complains also. On two of our mostfuvored cattle stations, and within Bra. and-twenty miles of the port, the cattle are only by the dint of constant working amongst, kept to their usual campS and feeding country Prayers holy-and, for the matter of that, in holy also are uttered with the pious fervor of an earnest supplication, but still weather matters go on in the most provoking abnormal state for Mackay Up Nebo way the sheep have commenced to travel, the home paStures being now utterly denuded of grass and herbs And as for the condition of the plantations and gardens in and around Mackay there are causes for much anxiety The cane is very much retarded in its growth, proper to the season, young orange and other trees are fading, if not actually dying away English potatoes, which promised to give an abundant return, of fine huge tubers, are fast dying off Indeed the aspect is a very gloomy one, for small for men s especially For the past ten days the Equinoctial gales have been blowing with unwonted strength, bringing up great oceans of drift mg sand from off the sea, and huge mountains of cumuli piled up one upon another We think we are in for a twenty four hours of good old orthodox downpour, but all pass away, and beyond a few miserable slight sh wools, no thicker than a Scotch mist, and which do not more lay the dust the whole matter ends-only to be repeated a few hours hence Our old signs and indications of rain with us The morning rainbow is not " the shepherd's mining " of a wet day, and the black rocks trees, which invariably brought rain with them when they paid us a visit from over the hills and fur aw ivy," do so no more I am an old heathen , Mackay Christianity has sapped out of my soul the little religion I once did possess 1 have gone back to the old, old world of the past, and in prime at proves warder in thoughtful solitude I have begun to have a real belief in those cockatoos, their mode of thought, and their cries And if I do not actually) slay a victim, and in its writhing animals, as the presiding augury of the grove, child in the white and flowing robe of sacrifice, prognosticate events, I used to say, and still half believe it, You, Unit those cockatoos bring rum with them ' Bob," I would say to my assistants agricultural show, "here are the cockatoos , look how they fly around, listen to their dues, within twenty four hours we shall got ruin " My prognostication never failed It's very pleasant to be an old head hen, and in hot weather clad in other dos vestments, you are cool, light and comfort able And of course it is very provoking to have our s comfortable easy going faith and worship distill bod It's an awful bother to be ever changing your religion , I don't like it for the last six- months we have been without a pair son, save and except two State parsons the Police Magistrate and the Collector of i customs, and now we are to have one squared to fit into a round hole for our Police Magistrate says that "he will convert nH the bigoted und igno i mt of other creeds" or Mackay-the Church folk exec pied The 11 have a still job to do, if he accomplishes that I conclude the Church folk are beyond redemption, lost reprobates My nervous system is seriously disposed , they tell me he'll come and cut down my trove, "'id burn my graven images with Uro 1 hope he won't I hope he'll keep away If he does come I'll tell him straight, I'm a height u, su , 1 II put a knotty question to him about those black cockatoos, ask him if he can ' lay a ghost, mend old shoes, dig potatoes, if he is a judge of good spirits, if he has come up in the Good Templar interest, any thing than to be won not! by a parson persisting to feel my ! special pulse, and then, after consulting his 1 present ration book, iiduimistoiiiiglus nasty bitter I physic to me, in a storm siiponnoumbctit position Our old pin son didn't bother us so, but then he was not a pious party We kicked him out as soon as he got things into working I order, "wo wouldn't have him at any price " He had some queer notions about being paid for his work on the principle a good day's work for a good day pay " Such a sinful mixture of piety and business we couldn't stand, so we gave him his walking ticket We want a pious man, we do this he was not at least so some of us said, who know about these matters IX is growing potatoes for his living now Well, we suppose a time every one arrives at his true vocation and there we'll love him. Otntin cum di? gang his spuds happy thought, two hours snuffed out the old parson, and brought in a " new light" who will, it is prophesied be a "clover Tie," and make every one kiss and be friends As I anticipated, now Unit Messrs George Smith and Norah WHITE are alderman, no v life has been infused into the Municipal Connell Qhoy me old Bowouites of the right stamp, and who did this shine in the improvements which took place there The Bowen Council was so successful because it sunk pris ate footings and interests, and worked for the good of the use If they can but got the Mackay Council to do This, their self di man in giving up valuable time for public benefit will have its own reward -ho embankment of the river will soon be in full working swing, under the supervision of the continent, our enterprising fellow townsmen Mr Walton who has given much satisfaction before in similar works for private firms The ASN Company's wharf and Uno sub stantial storehouse and offices will soon be completed When our old fellow townsman takes possession he will most likely five us the chance of "getting the third" lion never backward when he should come forward Koinnus and Berry is a firm that we WISH. well and hope to see flourish for many years to come 'The old company, for which they are agents, sets her foot firmly down in all the ports along the -southern toast us they are opened up, and no one would regret more than to see the plucky old firm knocked over But for all that, I very much elect to then policy of monopoly The " Munro doctrine" in any form or shape, and in any country is subversive of real national progress Privileged companies or communities, excluding all others from light or) part possession of and share in the profits of a country or condition locality, will never do Free trade and plenty of it, open to all, and for all, men along the elements of a people's prosperity -bore IB a tulle about getting up a School of Arts, but it has been so often talked of, and ended in talk, that I i upon t HUB move will end in tulle idea Not but that I would be very glad to see such a thing established in Mackay Not a word more about our bridge over the Pioneer lively thing in Mackay goes by fits and starts II a project " gets over its tooth ing," and gets a good gape hold, why then it will arrive at maturity But so many proposed improvements die in the early stage of existence, then I begin to fear our bridge project may fade away also We we had a wreck, a real wreck, in our river; it. was almost as grand a sight as a real live lord. A punt ran against the rocks, upset and capsized its cargo into the river, some to the bottom, seems to float away on the top. " Flotsam and jetsam" where is our effervescent Harbor, master 0 I here he comes. Noli me Tangari. What he 1 you follows wrecking Euro? "Know you I'm H. B. MujoBiy in monkey jacket and gilt buttons, touch, n what-by covering a female garment, and I'll sing you at the yard-arm." as, Sir, such are the calamities of life, u ladies'' wardrobe, or portions thereof were floating away. " flotsam and jetsam." Several articles of dress, not to be mentioned here, became the gaze of the ho human creature. Here my report must close, for I may be enquiring into esoteric mysteries of female attire, and not only get bewildered, but amazed, as they used to say in the place where I use my broad and milk as a youngster. When people were amazed they walked backwards home to recover their own proper condition. To save any evil effects I'll just drop into the pleasant hostelry of our good old mother, Mrs. Cook, and have an " eye duBtor" in the shape of of a stiff nobbler of Hennessy's three-star brandy. I know how it will be, I shall have a crublike motion side ways is well, that's better than walking back wards, you then "kin keep a look-out ahead forward," starboard and larboard, and for the matter of that, buck ward also. With pleasure I announce there are five schooners now landing cargo and machinery for mills to be erected-" Advance Mackay." Also that there is considerable flutter among the ladies preparing for the Bachelor's Ball on the 26th instant. the costumes that will then be exhibited will be marvellous conceptions of the decorating art. O, for the primitive " fig leaf!" Husbands are commencing to look blue, on- to plunge their hands down into their brooches - pockets, as if to say, " No, my dear I not a penny more." How very affectionate on the terms used by husband and wife toward each other when a family jar is about to take place. What a wonderful composition of economy and ex- travagance, at lf-deninlnnd self-will these women are I I wonder if Mr. Adam was over bothered by Mrs. Rvo-Adom (note, the hilarious patronymic Mrs. Eve-Adam was of very ancient lineage) when funds were low, and cheque OR might be returned " N. S. F." " Don't bother me, Mrs. Kvo-Adum, about your pink na'oissUB. or your blue nymphs ; why on earth can't you . go in that gigantic fig-leaf? What does it matter to me which, or, indeed, what you wear? There's that last bill of Mrs. Magasin des Modes not paid yet !" Field Mrs. Eve Adam in tours, and in a towering rage. Last scene : " Very well, love go in the narcissus A" and I go and order from Mr. Raby's that booklet with the pink rose diamond in it. I am very spiteful, air, against the sox and I intend to go to this ball, and bore chiel among them taking notes I" and I guess I'll " print 'em." I had to digest turnips four-and-twenty times when I was looking out for a wife. I think in all my life I never heard of a more revolting scene, or one so degrading to our common humanity, in the murders on the brig Carl. What awful lengths men will go to when the human-tiger bloodthirsty spirit takes hold of them, When Governor By rose justly punished the rebellious negroes in Jamaica, the great danger was of Englishmen not knowing from whence the next blow would come, getting afraid, and so desperate, and then in the blind ruin of an ungovernable fury committing deeds of which in their calmer moments they would feel ashamed. It must have been so in the brig Carl. Engaged, us they know they were, in an unlawful traffic, lost to all sense of human rights, slave to all intents and purposes, utterly unscrupulous in the means used to obtain the " niggers." Secure in their guilty solitude, alone arbiters of the disputes that had arisen among the islanders themselves and those with them, the captain and crew of the Carl, they fired down into the hold among the combatants j no cure seems to have been taken whether friendly or an friendly natives were shot down. All through that, long blood-stained night The slicing of a murderous arid and pitiless Uro poured down on the devoted heads of men held in mi unjust bandages Mond and foot were, in a blind and selfish rego for their own safety, shot down by the crew and officers of the Car). Daylight comes, and the pure, calm light of God reveals the awful car cage. It would naturally be supposed, now (bill danger was over and past, the terrified crew would return to a state the approaching human. Here is the most awful and wicked part of the whole business : A number of (possibly ignorant, uneducated) men, lost to the true sense of God and 11 is all-seeing eye, without and beyond the usual restraints" of . lay, perhaps half maddened by bud rev), would at all times be liable to terrible 0x003909, if their lives were jeopardised, and could only be saved by 1111 ¡ndiaorhniniito slaughter of other men. I have no desire ton for 11 word of excuse for those men of Um brig Carl, but I Bay extenuating circumstances might have been pleaded because of the danger they were in of dying a frightful death in the burning ship. But now all danger was over, all opposition was past, the Bougainville natives were cowed down, dispirited, and heartbroken e, they crept into a very hiding- place the hold of the ship afforded them. Surely us victors the first feelings would be pity for the dying and wounded No one by one they were brought up out of the hold, and for what? The dom!, of course, to be thrown overboard 5 but the wounded and the dying? It appears, by Dr. Murray's evidence that a sudden impulse seized hold of them all. If all be true that some preachers would have us believe of the state of damned spirits in the fiery Into of hell, the scene that took place there must have been but 11 counterpart; of that place of torment. Let us draw a veil over what now look place. God I can it be that men so close Thy indwelling preserve, us to do deeds at which devils laugh, and the vaults of hell resound with the song of joy The captain is committed to trial for murder is perhaps, by this time, is condemned to death. People will religious proclivities, and people without them, will buy,-" Now jiiBiico will be done ; justice will be Butiafled." I ask, Does one murder justify another? for (so I think) hanging by the sanction of the law, is only murder by the law's sanction. The boy sluys one murderer, but, protects another murderer, holds him free of blame, that under its sanction he may strangle a man. Well said Tennyson, "Thank God ! God, not man, is the Judge of 119 till." I have no desire to write you an essay 011 capital punishment. Is it in accordance with, revealed religion ? Hanging our criminals out of the way is a short and easy way of disposing of our dear herons classes ¡ inexpensive, too. If hanging Those good for murderers, why not administered more freely ? It is an old Buying, " One can't have too much of 11 good I hing." " That's true enough," and will respond. Well thou, let us strangle us horse-stealers, eultlo-lifcors, thieves, So., let us make a clean sweep of crime and his votaries ; or, to be more merciful, let them dangle a bit at the end of a rope, just to make them sensible of what is in store for them. I'm not very bloodthirsty, but if I iidviioiitod hang- ing in any one case, I would in all. The rule is that when a man in supposed to boat the worst cattle possible to his n turn that when he is most unfit to die and go before his God and receive his final doom then we kill him and found him there. I confess I never could understand how a clergyman world than anything to do with the judicial murders ; how he could lend his presence and sanction to what he knows is so very uncertain, and notwithstanding all the penitent dying confessions made by in violators on the scaffold ¡ he must at times ask himself, " If this man were to be re- prieved, would his future life be a new life, for just a repetition, of the old and sinful past?" I repeat I never could understand how a clergy- man could go and prepare a man-a malefactor for death. To Stand by an innocent victim of political or religious persecution is a different matter, because he stands there to vindicate truth, and to be a comfort and support to the dying murty r 2 but, when he is a part and parcel of the dismal cortege-nay, when he comes to speak the time for the murder to commence, for the hopeless wrote to die and to go dare not complete The sentence-is what I never could understand. Going from the awful and the grave to the ludicrous, how true is the old saying The devil was sick, the devil a monk would be The devil got a till, the devil 11 moule was lie. To return to our Biilnyet, 11.1 the preacher says who has lost the thread of his time. t um comparatively but 11 poor man is I own a few, a very few acres in Mackay ; they are all I am over likely to possess a what, I have I cherub beyond money, and I am very happy in my quiet, retired, humble home. But, Sir, before my God, with an awful, yet blessed sense of His ever abiding Procure with men, I say it, I - would prefer to walk out of it a penniless, .. homeless man, than, much as I approve Kanaka labor, employ one South Sea Islander if they are to be obtained for us in the manner described by the crew of the brig Carl. Sir, Iapolnc'ise for co tons: a loder. 