THE THEATRE ROYAL. MEL BOURNE. Under the title of 'Recollections of the Theatre Royal,' the Melbourne Argus pub lishes an interesting sketch of the history of that well-known place of entertainment. It ap pears that the Theatre was erected by Mr. John Black, who 'made a rapid fortune by carting merchandise to the diggings, when the carriage of goods was £100 per ton ;' and it was opened on the 16th July, 1855, under the management of Mr. Black, who continued to occupy the position of manager for a few months, when he went through the Insolvent Court. The opening night was a memorable occasion. 'The School for Scandal' was played, with the late Mr. Rogers as Sir Peter Teazle, and Mrs. Charles Poole as Lady Teazle. ' Of the acters and actresses who took part in that performance, only one or two are now in the Australian colonies. Mrs. Chester, an ex cellent actress of old women, who played Mrs. Candour, is, we believe, dead ; Mr. H. N. Warner, who played Charles, left the colony years ago; Mrs. Poole is in America; Mr. Rogers has just lately left the world ; Mr. Burford, the Joseph, is in New South Wales ; Mr. Walsh, the Sir Oliver, is in England; and of all the smaller, characters only Mr. McGowan, who was the Moses on the occasion, has still some connexion with the Victorian stage. Little Anna Maria Quinn played in the afterpiece. She was then a precocious genius, ; and had not degenerated into the very ineffi cient walking lady she afterwards became. The. scenic artists seem, curiously enough, to have survived. Messrs. Opie, Fry, and Holmes are still among us. The stage-manager, Mr. Charles Poole, has only lately died, but he has long been unknown, save to old theatre-goers in Melbourne. He was a pleasant, gentlemanly man, who made, many, friends, but he was hardly disciplinarian sufficient for a stage manager. His wife, Mrs. Charles Poole, was an exceedingly careful actress, with a good presence, but she never became a favorite, although she appeared on many subsequent occasions, and in other theatres besides the Royal. She has not played in Melbourne since 1862, when she appeared for a short time during the unprosperous season when Mr. Barry Sulli van made his first appearance.' Mr. Black's first star was Lola Montes ; but she was not a great success ; and, although Catherine Hayes was a better speculation, the management was not much enriched by her performances, as she took the lion's share of the proceeds herself. The Royal soon had a formidable rival in the Olympic, of which Mr. George Coppin was the manager, and which had the advantage of a company superior to that at the Royal. Mr. Black, after a short interval, was succeeded by Mr. Coppin, aud his management was ' inaugu rated on the 9th June, 1856, with the good old comedy of 'She Stoops to Conquer and a concert by Madame Bishop, who had just then come to the colony for the first time. The com pany from the Olympic brought with them the prestige they had gained in that less distin guished abode. With Mr. Brooke as the chief attraction, the tone of the productions neces sarily partook of a legitimate kind. Shakspeare was worthily put upon the stage, and the public in the main accorded a steady support to the theatre. It was necessary, however, occasion ally to interpolate performances of a less legiti mate sort in order to maintain the interest and suit all tastes.' In 1857 the Princess's Theatre began to be a rival, and in that year Mr. Coppin paid a visit to England. He returned in the January of the following year, having made an engagement with the Wizard Anderson, who, it is said, ' came into the colony a very loud voiced lion, but went away a voiceless lamb.' A more interesting novelty was furnished by the appearance, in August, 1858, of Miss Ellen Mortyn, as Hester Grazebrook, in 'The Un equal Match.' This lady 'proved herself to be an actress of the rarest ability, and her somewhat mysterious death just two years afterwards must always be regarded as an event which deprived the world of one of the most promising actresses it has been our good fortune to welcome in this colony. The cast of 'The Unequal Match' on this occasion included Mr. F. Younge, who had arrived in the colony only a few months previously ; Mrs. Vickery, a most excellent- ' old woman ;' Mr. Tannett, a most capable scenic artist ; Miss Mortimer, a very good soubrette ; Mr. Webster, a very useful heavy comedian, and Mr. Lambert. It is curious that most of the mem bers of this cast are not only dead, but that their lives ended tragically. Miss Mortyn's death was the occasion of a prolonged inquest, and an angry correspondence ; poor Fred. Younge was killed in a railway accident ; Mrs. Vickery fell down the staircase leading to the stage door of the Royal, and never recovered from the effects of the accident ; Miss Mortimer was enduring a life worse than death when last she was heard of; Mr. Webster died miserably ; and Mr. Tannett very suddenly ; Mr. Lambert and Mr. Richard Younge are the only principal sur vivors.' In February, 1859, Mr. Brooke, who had joined Mr. Coppin, assumed the sole manage ment, Mr. Coppin becoming a member of the Legislative Council. For some time the pros- . perity of the house was considerable, but it languishing, an attempt was made to carry on the Royal and the Princess's under a sort of joint management, Messrs. Edwards . and Faw- . cett acting as general managers for Mr. Brooke. Under the management of Mr. Brooke Sir Wm. and Lady Don made their acquaintance with an Australian audience. The reputation of the Royal declining, the unexpired portion of the lease was purchased, on very easy terms by the late Mr. Kyte. Subsequently the management passed into the hands of Messrs. Holt and Hos kins, Mr. J. H. Wilton, Mr. W. Lyster, and Mr. Barry Sullivan. After Mr. Sullivan 'came a little period of darkness, in which..... Mr. Hoskins groped feebly ;' and then the co- operative management commenced, the mana- . gers being Messrs. Lambert, Vincent, Harwood, Hennings, Stewart, and Bellair. . Afterwards the management consisted of Harwood, Stewart, and Coppin ; but eventually Mr. Coppin bought out his co-partners, and since he has been the sole lessee. In July, 1867, Mr. Montgomery's engagement began, and ' the complete change it seemed to effect in communicating an im pulse to the legitimate business of the house was very remarkable. The arrival of Mr. Jas. Anderson in the colony, about the same time, his subsequent engagement at the Royal, the following upon him of Mr. Bandmann, and after him the coming of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews, all seemed to lift us out of the track of melodrama and burlesque. During the last 15 months, however, with the exception of some performances by Mr. Howe and Mr. Tavares, the theatre can hardly be said to have deserved the reputation of the home of the legitimate drama, and its destruction seems like the melancholy end of a man who has closed a tolerably virtuous life by taking to evil courses.' THE ' HAUNTED HOUSES' IN STAMFORD STREET, LONDON. — A great deal of public in terest and comment has been created for a long period owing to the very extraordinary pro ceedings in reference to a number of large and valuable houses in Stamford-street, Blackfriars, Snowhill, Newington, and other parts of Lon don having, for a period extending now to nearly half a century, been allowed to remain empty, and suffered to go into a ruinous state, the rental value of the property being many thousands per annum, one house in Stamford - street alone, at the corner of Hatfield-street, which was formerly let for £100 per annum, having been allowed to remain empty for more than 40 years. The various premises were generally known as the 'Haunted houses,' and crowds have collected occasionally round the houses, particularly in Stamford-street, upon the report that a ' ghost ' had been seen walking about some of the rooms. The real history of the extraordinary matter appears to be this. The property in question originally belonged to a highly respectable solicitor named Reed, a man possessed of a large fortune, and he, from a mere whim, determined not to let any portion of this property. He died some five-and- twenty years ago leaving, it is said, strict injunctions to his widow to carry out the same course. His directions were religiously obeyed, and at the death of the widow the same injunctions were given to the daughter, who carried out the same course of proceeding until her death, which took place recently, rather suddenly ; and, by this event, the extraordinary condition of affairs in relation to this property will, in all probability, now be changed, and the estate will be put to some useful purpose. The habits of the deceased lady were most penurious. She resided in one of the houses ia Stamford street, her only establishment consisting of one old woman; and the resi dence of the 'old miser,' as she was generally termed, could easily be recognised by its dirty and dilapidated appearance. Periodically the two old women would make a visit to the other houses in the street, the time chosen being generally evening ; and, with lantern in hand, they would wander through the different rooms of the large ruinous buildings. These visits gave rise, no doubt, to the ghostly rumors that were rife, and were the cause of the crowds assembling to see the light gleaming from room to room. Almost immediately after the death became known, it appears, that the parties claiming to be the heirs-at-law of the deceased took possession of the house where, she re sided ; and among the extraordinary rumors that are afloat in reference to the subject is one, which is believed to be founded on fact, that a sum of money, amounting to nearly - £20,000, was found hoarded in different parts of the house, and concealed in all manner of out-of-the-way places. At first it was rumored that the deceased had died without making a will, but it has since been stated that a testa mentary document has been discovered, although no one of course is at present aware of its contents, or how the deceased has dis posed of the enormous amount of wealth of which, she must have died possessed. It will perhaps be recollected that a few years ago some, parties took forcible possession of one of the houses in Stamford-street, and set up some sort of claim to the property, but it was speedily shown that they had no legal title, and they were forcibly ejected by order of a Magistrate, and since then the whole of the property has re- mained in the same condition as before. It is not at all improbable that this extraordinary affair, which will be ranked among the romances of London, will eventually receive a solution in the Court of Chancery; but it is not likely, under any circumstances, that this valuable property will be allowed to remain very much longer in the condition it has done ; for nearly half a century, as the actual loss in rent upon the whole of the houses must, upon a moderate calculation up to the present time, be considerably over £100,000. 