BALLARAT DISTRICT BOOK AND TRACT SOCIETY. The annual meeting was held at the Alfred Hall on Thursday evening; the Mayor of the City in the chair. The following report was read and adopted and ordered for circulation :—“In reviewing the work o£ another year, and pre senting their fourth annual report, the committee of the Ballarat District Book and Tract Society desire to refer with-thankfulness to what' has; been ' done, and to congratulate , subscribers .and'friends on the steady patronage and support which the society con tinues to enjoy. It is now five years since the first united efforts were made to organise ancKstart this society for the Western district of "Victoria, and during the. time which - has since elapsed abundant proofs have been'given of the great need which existed for such an agency, whilst it must be gratifying to all to know that these labors have been so well suited to the wants and circumstances of this young land. - In presenting the. work committed to them your committee have,: like their predecessors in office, ever been actuated by those principles which have so successfully guided the. committee of the parent society of London for upwards of 70 years, and which are thus expressed in their address:—‘The, constitution of the society precludes it- from entering into the respective peculiarities of the various denomi nations of Protestant Christians that hold the doctrine of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost—the one living and true God,—but it everywhere joyfully makes known the great, essential truths in which, the followers of the Lamb are fully agreed, who are looking for the mercy of Our ; Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.’ And although your committee find it necessary, in order to meet the varied and increasing; requirements of the community, to provide large supplies of the publications of the Sunday-school Union and other houses they have never deviated from these funda mental principles; but, on the other hand, whilst' seeking to extend the operations and benefits of the society,they have proved how much Christian union, affection, and zeal may be promoted on such common ground.- During the past year the receipts from sales at the depot have amounted to £1372 5s 2d, being £5O 13s 7d less than the preceding year. The sub scriptions, however, show a slight increase over the corresponding period, "being £65 7s 4d for the present year against £61,6s for the year ending 10th March, IS7I. The free grants, owing to the straightened condition of the society’s funds, have been bat trifling, and have been in favor of the orphan asylum, the hospital, gaol, benevolent asylum, the Public. Library, Female-Refuge, Bible Mission, and for private distribution by a warm friend of the society, Mrs Campbell, of Carngham. Referring to the sub scriptions as a very important source of income, your committee deeply regret the great difficulty they have experienced in this department; fOr however the busi ness of the depot may yet increase, it must be borne in mind that until the society is enabled to extend its free grants, and to offer more liberal inducements to schools and other religious and philanthropic institu tions, as well as to subscribers, it cannot be said to be thoroughly efficient or to be- satisfactorily carrying on the work for which it has been established; Your committee deem it right to state here that a very large proportion of the sales are subject to a scale of discounts by which the profits .of trade "are ■seriously curtailed. It is therefore of the greatest importance thatin order to supplement these draw backs, and enable the committee to enlarge the circle of its operations, the capital of the society should be constantly augmented by the contributions of a sym pathising Christian public. Nor can your committee despair of ultimate suecess. On the contrary, and .referring, to the work of the parent society, they rejoice to be associated with an institution which for nearly three-quarters of a century has been ' so signally blessed by God, and to bo engaged at this distance from the fatherland in promoting the circulation of books, tracts, and periodicals of a whole some, elevating, instructive, and godly character. The issues during the year from the society’s depot, in Paternoster Row, have amounted to. 40,727,471, of which 19,440,288 were tracts and hand-bills. If to these be added the probable issue from foreign depots, which cannot have been less than 8,500,000 the total will be somewhat over 49,000,000, raising the whole, since the formation of the society, to 1,384,000,000.’ The free grants during the same time amounted in value to £19,297 11s 3d, being an excess of £5494. 11s lOd over the society’s benevolent re ceipts, whilst all shades and sections of the community ministers, churches, "and Sunday schools of-all evangelical denominations, students in ragged-schools, and missionary societies,' mid night missions and city missions, ’almShouses ahd hos pitals, prisons, asylums, and emigrants—have partici pated in- this unexampled generosity; The depot at Ballarat has been regularly supplied during the year by shipments from: London, and the interest of the reading public has been fully sustained by the veriety and excellence of the society’s recent publications. Of new books it may be right to speak especially of the following:—‘British Heroes and Worthies,’ with twenty large portraits finely engraved, and elegantly bound; ‘ Rays from the East,’a book for the young, 150 engravings, ‘ one of the-very best among the Valu able gift-books of the season;’ ‘Max Krorner.’ by the author of ‘Jessica’s First Prayer;’ ‘Readings for Winter Gatherings,’ second series, ‘ lively, amusing, and instructive;’ ‘The Seven Golden Candlesticks,’ by Df Tristram, ‘ a book worth keeping as well as worth reading;’ , ‘ Meditations on the Mi racles _ of Christ,’ by .Dean Howson; ‘Thoughts of Christ for every day of the year/ by Lord Einloch; and ‘William Tyndale,’ -by Rev. R. Demans—being a contribution to the early history of the English Bible, and of which it has been said— ‘ The book is more interesting than the most interesting romance.’ A new shilling series of monthly for the young has also created an unusual demand, and the rapidity with which these and all new books pass through,' the depot is a most pleasing indication of the increasing popularity of the society’s works. The Sunday-school Union.has also issued during the year many valuable aids for Sunday-school teachers and others, besides a large collection of new music for the -improvement and elevation of the service of song* The monthly mail parcel continues to be one of the principid fea tures of yduf society’s trade, as by the steady arrival and distribution of this class of literature much useful information is spread abroad, whilst 'the interest of Sunday-schools and subscribers is constantly drawn towards the society and its work. Jo. conclusion, it is because your committee regard the*. Baffitrat Book Society as ah enterprise of mercy and goodness that they appeal for the continued and increased support of all who Move the; truth; and whilst now resigning the responsibilities of office, which' 1 ' have rested upon them 'during the past year, they .fervently trust that their successors will enjoy a larger tneasure of pros : parity, ahd: that the labors henceforth to be carried on under their direction may be:productive of lasting good in this part of {the world;”;: ’The (Sllbwing officers .were elected for the ensuing year:—President, the Hon. J. Gumming, M.L.G.; vice-presidents, the Hon. P. Russell, M.L.C., and Mr S. L.- Learmonth; 1 honorary treasurer, Mr J. A; Dbane;' honorary secretaries, the Rev. Q. W. Watson and Mr R. Gladstones; committee, Messrs R. Alexander, R. Gladstones, .T. Pope,-R. Rattray, J. Stocks, G.-Smith, Theo. Williams, R, Kent,-W. Wollen, E. Eyres, W. Parker, and W. Hogg, with the trustees and all sub scribing ..Protestant ministers as cx-ojjicio members. 'A vote of thanks 1 to the chair, followed by the bene diction, closed the,proceedings! 