T A Ii is a. TO THE BITTER END. by the author or " lady audley's secret, " See. Chatter XXXI. (Continued).— Husbands and Wives. August insisted on going to her friend at once when she heard that Lady Clevedon was in the garden. She was not a person whose toilet was ever disordered by travel ling, and all the puffings and flounoings of H her grey silk dress seemed as fresh as when H tioy left the hands of her milliner. So, H cecBclons' of her fitness to meet tho gaze of | society, she begged to be shown at once to if tho garden, and followed the butler across 1 the great hall and along a passage leading to 9 tho gardon door, with Hubert Harorosa in I her train. | The oak-panelled passage was just a little 3 dark, and a flood of summer sunlight 1 streamed in at tho opening of she door. Was 1 it this sadden barst of light that dazed Mr I Harorosr, as he stood in the threshold of I the honse for a moment, looking out at the I garden? ' J It was the gardon in whioh Grace and he I had wandered all through ti at thoughtless I summor afternoon. How -.veil he reinem- | beroditl' The arohes garlanded wich roses I and honeysuckle, the passion-flowers, the I stone basin of gold fish, whrrn no fish had been when he last saw it, ouly uhallow stag nant water covered with duck-weed. Poor old nogleoted place I The' had trimmed and Improved everything, of course, but not with an inexorable hand. The gardon still bolonged to tho old world, the sweet- scented flowers still grow in a wild profu sion ; nor bad tho form of beds or grassplots been altered. In tbe midst of nis pain, whioh was of the sharpest, he felt wiad to see that tho plaoo was so littlo ahaogod. Lady Clevedon was pouring out tea in the vory arbor whoro Mr. and Mrs. ' James Redmayne and Mr. Wort ha-l sipped their milk punch with the old butler and his wife. There were a few garden scats scattered round the bower, and on one of these Wcs. ton Vallory was balancing himself, makiDg himself agreoablo after his kind. Sir Francis was absent, pleasantly engaged in showing tho stables to his friend, Captain Garwood. " What a magnificent v.oi.:an !" said Mr. M'Gall, the gentleman who wroto for all the reviews, looking np from a meditative cup of tea as Mrs. Harcross came along the gravel path, her glistening grey dress and dainty pink bonnet resplendent in tho sunshine. "Is that ono of your Kentish friends, Lady Clevedon ? " "No, that is my friend Mrs. Harorosa." " What ! tho wife of Harcros3 tho barris ter? I've mot him once or twioo. 0, here no comes in tho background, looking rather fagged. He's said to work as hard as auy man in London." Mr. Harorosu performed his share of all the greetings ; gave tho onds of his fingers to Weston, was prosoutod to G>uoral Cheviot, and so on, and said all that oould havo boen oxpeoted of him under the oircmustancos. Bat he looked wan and baggnr.l in the sun shine, and was gled to drop into a ohair by Georgio's tea-tray presently, after a littlo talk with the General. "You look so tired, Mr. Harcross," Lady Clevedon said compassionately, thinking that her huBband might come to look like this somo day, worn aud weary, and with an air of promature ago ; "I hope tha journey was not very fatiguing." "No. Augusta did not ocem to feel it nt all ; bnt I supposo 1 am growing old and nervous, and that the vibration affects mo more than it did a low yoars ago. I worked rather hard in tho season, and sinoe then I have been yuohtiog a littlo ; and I daresay that sort of thing, with a sixty-ton yaoht on one's mind, is not so complete a rest as a professional man requires." "I should think not," cried Goorgie; " and you have been at tho Islo of Wight, yachting. How I envy you your yacht !" " And how I envy you — " "What, Mr. Harcross ? What can such a successful man ns you are find to envy in any one's fate." " A groat many things. Your youth, to begin with, and the freshness that belongs to it — the power to envy anybody anything. Bo you know, I sometimes look round the world, and wonder whether thero is any thing in it I should cave to have if the mere aot of wishing would seonre it for mo ; and the answer is donbtfnl." "That means that your life is so full already. You havo fame, fortune, a charm ing wife. Is thero anything more you could wish for ?" "Can't you imagine something? Chil dren, for instanoc — yon remember what Wordsworth says about a ohild ? Bat I don't wish for those. I don't feel myself th o man who ought to havo them." He said all this carelessly onough, yet with a certain earnestness benenth that out ward lightness. He had been drawn on to speak more unreservedly than his wont by something sympathetic in Goorgio's face and manner. " She is tho kind of woman a man might trust," he said to himself. "I like that firm mouth and rounded chin, whioh givo eaoh oharaoter to the sparkling faoe. I like the tone of her voice and tho touch of her hand." Mrs. Haroross had beocme the centre of a drole by this time ; tho elderly grey- bearded gonoral prostrating himnolf in the dust be fore her, strioken clown by her beauty ; while his wife conversed apart with the eldest Miss Stalman, on the alarming ten- denotes of tho English Church, undisturbed by the pangs of j ealousy. The s tablo clook struck seven while the party wore still pleasantly engaged, and the ladies moved off to dress for the eight-o'clock dinner, leaving the gentlemen to contaminate the first cool zsphyrs of evening with tho odor of premature cigars during the quarter of an hour whioh they ooald safely spare from the labors of tho toilet. Tho first dinner at Clevedon was a success. Cook and housekeeper, butlor and subordi nates, had nerved themselves for a grand struggle. Now or novor the new establish ment was to show what it was worth. "Don't talk to mo about your Kegenoy din ners, Mr, Moles," tho modern butler had said to his anoient brother, in the expansiveness of social intercourse. " What Uoleganoe or bartlstical effeot oould there have been about a dinner in those days, when every blessed think was put upon the table ?" "I don't know about the table, Mr. Mamby," said tho aujicut butlor, with an offended air ; " Sir Lucas's platto was as fine a sight as you'd wiie to lay your oyn-s on — fourteen feet long, with gadroon edges, and ramping lions for supporters at all the corners ; and our silver oovors and aide-dishe3 took three men a weak to clean before they come to the state of perfection as I liked to see. As for covers nud eiJo-dishos new-a-daya, with this mean, sneaking way of handing everythink round, you might as well be without 'em. for all the credit they do you . 'm past my tiaai, I dsmy, M,'. if ui/ , and I'm glad of it, when I seo tho present low-lived way of doing things. Why, one of our dinners would havo made six of your s Tiie exclusive rlsas o! republication -el tills tale la to, Australian Oaloilos hu baoe'purjbasjl by tae ol 1'us AOS. in solid onccher'a meat ; and where you'vo one sldo-dish in yon monew, we had half-a- dozen." " I don't know what you mean by side- dishes, Mr. Molos," said tho modern do mestic; "we have nothink but hongtrays and hongtraymays." . The inauguratlve dinner was a success. Tristram Moles was allowed to peep into the dining-room before the banquet, a wan, feeble figuro amid all that glow of color and sparklo of glass under the soft light of waxen tapers. Palo as a ghost revisiting the scones of its oarthey joys, he gazed npon the glittering board with a faint approv ing smile, and confessed that it was nicely arranged. "I never did- hold with flowers on a dinner-table," he said, shaking his. hoad at the pyramids of raro hothouse blossoms, and tho dwarf forest of fern and geranium re flected in tho crystal plateau ; "but if yon must have 'em, I allow you'vo arranged 'em tastily. It's all very pretty, Mr. Mamby, liko a young lady's counter at a fancy fair ; but I'm an old man, and I shall ;go down to my grave with tho opinion that your top and bottom and yonr six side-dishes is the best decoration for your dinner tablo. " Thus, with a depreoating shrug and a ' mournfu survey of the frlvolons board, Mr. Moles, having oome liko a shadow, so departed. Tho dinner, as well as being a success from a gastronomto point of .view — there was a parmesan son file towards tho end of the foast, which tho oldest Miss Staliman, who was gifted with an epicurean taste, dreamt of — was a social triumph. Tho hum and rattlo of conversation never coased ; tkero were .no awkward pauses, in which people simultaneously awake to the discovory that no one is talking, till the most auda cious momber of tho circle plunges into the gulf of silence with somo.innne remark, which, being gratefnlly received by host or hostess, bridges the dreary chasm, and loads tho way to pastures new. To-night at Clevedon thero were plenty of good talkers. General Cheviot and Colonel Davonant helped and sustained oaoh other, yet wore judioionsly placed far onough apart to have each his auditory. Tho two Miss Stalmaus were of the agreeable -rattle species ; oould talk croquot or theology, finoart, horses, or botany with equal facility ; oould draw out tho dullest neighbor and ontanglo tho cnldost oavnlier in tho mcshos of ono of those confidential conver sations about nothing pnrtionlar, which, seen from a littlo distanee, look liko flirtation of the doepost dye. In such a party,' if Mr. Haroross had chosen to eat his dinner in comparative silenoo, ho might have done so with impunity. Thoro were plenty of pooplo to talk; aud Georgio's aunt, Mrs. Chowder, . whom he took in to dinner, was not exacting bo long as the ministering spirits of tho banquet brought her tho nicost cntreos, and not tho rained walls of the vol-au-vents, or tho logs of ohlokens. " I- oan't dino without ourrie," she told hor neighbor confidentially, "and I can't dine without bitter beer. I know it sounds dreadful ; bat I was twenty years in India, and nse is second nature, you know. I don't know whether you noticed it, but there was no gratod cocoa-nut in that currie. I must givo Georgtna's cook poor dear Chowder's reoipe ; a copy of it, that is to say. Tho original document is in his own handwriting, and I keep it among tho letters he wrote me when 1 came home for my health." While Mrs. Chowdor oil joy oil her dinner, however, Mr. Harcross did not abandon himsolf to silonoo. On the oontrary, he wont in for a trinmphand aehievodit, saying some of his host and bitterest things, to the delight of an admiring circle, talking much more than nsnal ; not hanging baok, and watching his oppartnnily to Hash in upon the talk with speech as keen as a sword-thrust, after the manner of somo dinnor-tiblo wits, bnt making all the talk nt his end of tiho table, and sustaining It with unabatod vigor. Weston Vallory, who was seated at Augusta's left hand, was not slow to observe this extreme vivacity. " How lively your husband is to-n;glit !" he said to Mrs. Haroross ; " ho has almost a feverish air." "I suppose he wishes to make himsolf agreeable to our friends," Augusta answered, in her chilling way, but with a littlo suspicious glanoe across the table towards hor husband nevertheless. "He is not generally dull in society," she added. "O, dear no ; on the contrary, hois a man who seems created to shine in society. It's a pity that typo of man always seems to lose a littlo in the domestic oirolo." Augnsta flashed ono of her sternest glances npon her oousin ; but ho was as much accus tomed to tho angry flash of thosd brilliant hazel eyes as sho was to this kind of mali cious insinuation against hor huabatid . " I don't know what yon mean by losing n the domestic oirclo," she said stiffly ; " I never find Hubert at a loss for conversation at home." " Really now," said Weston, with his insolent inoredulous air, " I should have thought that even Canning or Sydney Smith must havo been rather bad oompany at homo. A man of that kind wants snoh a dinner as this to develope his powers. Though, by tho bye, there really is no one hero, and that 's why I felt surprised by Haroross's excessive vivacity. I can't eee the source of his in spiration. What can it matter to him whether those girls in blue think him a wit or a dullard ; or that old Indian General, or tho stoat party in groon satin — an aunt of the house, I believe? What kudos can he got from amusing all these nobodies ?" "It is just possiblo that ho may wish to please my friends," replied Augusta, with dignity. "You cannot suppose that a man in his position must always have a motivo for being agreeable. He is not upon his promo tion." " No, ho Is one of those infernal luoky fel - lows who have only to open their mouths for manna to fail into them." "He has worked hardar than muss uwu, and lias more talent that most men, Wes ton. I don't Bee that there is any lack in tke oase." "Don't you? Was there no look in marrying you ? What is there to distinguish him from tho ruok of mankind, that should ontitlo him to such a prize as ho secured when he won you ? How provokiugly de voted you are to the fellow, Augusta I " "Weston, I will not allow you to talk in that style." "O, oome now, Augusta; I'm sure I be have myself remarkably woll, but a man can't always be dumb. It provokes me past endurance sometimes to sea you so fond of him." "Indeed I I had snppoBsd myself amongst tho coldest of wives." " Cold ! Why, you blaza up like a voloano if one sayB a word against yonder demigod. Heoannotdo wrong in your sight. Why I verily believe that if any awkward episode in his past life were to oome to light, you'd accept the revelation as a matter of course, and go on adoring him." "I really wish you would not use suoh absurd words, Woston — 'demigod' and ' adoration 1' Of oaurse I am attached to my husband. Our marriage was one of inclina tion, as you know, and- Hubort's conduct from first to last'"ha3 been , mpst_ con. soientious and disinterested. With .regard to hls past life, I doubt if I have the slightest right to question that, although I should bo naturally grieved to discover that he had ever been anything less than I believe him to be, a man of high moral oharaoter." "Upon my word, Angnsta; you are a model wife. But suppose, now, daring your engagement to him, at the very time when ycu wcro keeping aompsny, as the maid- sorvants say, thero had beon any little episode— a rustic flirtation, for instanoe, whioh dovoloped 'into something of a more serious oharactor — how then ?" This time Mrs. Harooss grew suddenly pale even to the very lips. "I will never speak lo you again, Wes. ton," she said, without .- a ising her voice in tho least dogroo, "unless you immediately apologise for that shameful; sinuation." "My dear Augusta, I w»i only putting a oaso. I will bog your pardon a thousand times over, if you liko. I had no idea of offending you."; "Yon always offond me when you talk of my husband. I request that for the future you will abstain from speaking of him." ' " I expunge his name from my vooabnlary. From this moment he ehall be as saorcd in my oyoB as the Llama of Thibet, or those nameless goddesses whom tho Greeks wor shipped ih fear and trembling. I ooald en- dura anything rather than your augor, Augusta." " Then pray do not provoke it by any more silly speeches abont Hubert. Lady Clevedon ia rising ; will you give me my fan, please? I dropped it just now. Thanks." . Her color had oomo back by this time. That insinuation of Weston's was of course, like all tho rest of his malicious spoeoheB, tho meaningless emanation of a jealous soul. Sho' had grown accustomed to tho idea that this cousin of hors should he thus bitter upon the subject of hor marriage. Sho knew what a- crushing disappointment that marriago had been to him, and was hardly inclinod to bo angry with him for being still devoted to her, heart and soul ; still joalnuo of the winnor. Whore else, indood, could she havo found Euch faithful servico, suoh unflagging zeal ? " Poor Woston," sho used to say to hor confidantes, "ho would go through fire and water for me." And through fire and water Woston Val lory was quite prepared to go, with ono end and aim held steadily in view. Chapter XXXII. — " On Pleasure Bent.', Summer skioa and summer woods, quaint old gardens brimming over with roses, a fair Bupply of carriages and horses, a good couk, and a considerable proportion of youth ful spirits, combined to make tho littlo gathoring at Clovedon a very pleasant busi ness. Thero wcro plenty of show plaoos and a sprinkling of interesting ruins in that fair garden of England ; and Lady Clevedon's visitors were rarely at home for luncheon, but were to be found at that sooial hoar either picnioking on tho smooth turf in the ohanool of a dilapidated abbey, or roughing it 1 in tho sanded best parlor of somo rnstio inn, or camping on tho Bummit of a hill, with a Turnerosquo landsoapo spreading wido beneath, and melting into the blue sky beyond an opposite range of wooded hills twenty miles away. Sir Franois Clovedon'a horses, and such job-horso3 as were to be hired in tho village of Kingsbury, had rather a hard timo of it during thouo festivities, aud may reasonably bavo wished themselves In any other state of iifo. Little rest had they in the gloomy, substantial old stablos, in tho spacious quadrangle, where pear trees and yellow jasmino climbed ovar the dark-red brick walls, and a great clock clanged the hours, half-hours, and quarters, with a dissonant clang that outraged the summer quiet. As soon as tho cheery, lounging breakfast was over; tho morning papers road, and perhaps a stray game of billiards indulgod iu, while the ladies woro dressing for the day's excur sion, preparations for the start began on the broad gravel drive in front of tho porch. Matrons were duly stowed Into landau and barouoho ; maidens came tripping down the stono stops in riding gear, with ohimney-pot hats perched coquettishly on wonderful structures of puffed and plaited hair ; ad venturous spirits, eager to drive doubtful horses in tittuppy dog-oarts, paused for the signal for departure ; dogs barked, footman and groomB ran to and fro, carrying shawls and sun umbrellas ; ponderous baskets of comestibles wore bung on to the heavier carriages ; and at last, Georglo having mounted a mail -phaeton with her husband, in defiance of etiquette, tho gay procession movo merrily off at a dashing pace down the long avenue whose glorios havo boen somo what thinned by Sir Lucas, but which is still a noble alley. "I will drive with you, Fronkie," says tho young wife, nestling nnder her husband's elbow. " What a tall creaturo you are up there ! I would eoonor stay at homo at onco than sit and prose in that stuffy landau, while you rattled on a quarter of a milo before us, smoking and ha-ha-ha-ing with some horrid inan. How is it men are always laughiDg when they are together ? and what in gooducss name do they find to laugh at ? They mus bo either very witty or very idiotic." " Not much of tho first, I'm afraid, Georgie. Your wit nover laughs, and doesn't of ton make other pooplo laugh. His true province is to set them thinking. Of course I like to have you with mo, Miss' Crusoe" (this was a pot name, founded oa his first l-emembranoe of her), " bat don't you think you ought to be doing oompany with Mrs. Cheviot and Mrs. Haroross in tho landau ?" ; " They're very comfortable without me, Frankie," Georgina answers in a wheedling tone, getting a littlo closer to the driver's elbow. " AuguBta oan got; on with any. one, in her grand way ; and there's auntie too ; and they know we haven't been married long, dear, and perhaps thoy'il think It natural wo should liko to be together." "And of oourso by and by, „„i been married a littlo longer, we shall wish to boas far apart as possible," replies' Sir Franois, laughing; and away they go along the bright Kentish roads, where every hedgerow frames a now pieture of sweet pastoral beauty, whoro every fresh tnrn of the road reveals a panorama that seemB fairer than the last— away they go by hill and valloy, by woods and fields, a 3 happy as tho skylark oarolling in the blue vault above them. In all these agreeable excursions Mr. Har oross followed iu his wife's trAiu. He was never sulky or objeotivo, never languished to stay behind to play billiards or read novels in tho dim old library, .or smoke perpetual cigars among tho roses — ho was only su premely indifferent. The small world 'of Clevadon considered him a model husband. He was always polite and attentive to his wife when occasion callod for politeness on his part, brought hor shawls and parasols, handed her in and out of oarriagos, but all without any ill-advised em pressement whioh might havo rominded people that ho had mar ried a fortune. By fits and starts ho chose to bs brilliant, but at other times was the mo3t silent of the party. People ncoeptod the taciturn humor 'as natural in a professional mrnrof his standing. J — _ "That fellow Harorois oea. no .end of hard thinking, Joe," one of the young men oi the party observed to his compeer ; " oan't make oat how he does it. Did yon ever try to think, Joey ?" ... ; "Yes, onoe," answered Joseph gravely : " I tried to make a safe book for tho Derby, and did; a lot of thinking over it ; but tho figures wouldn't oome right, and yet tboy ought. Now, look here, Treby, if you lay a hundred to ten against eleven horses, only one of the eleven can win, you know, and yon oan't lose anything. Jf none of 'em win yon make a hundred and ten pounds. That's the seoret of colossal fortunes made by omnlbas cads and that sort of people." "Don't seem to see it," replied Troby ; " I'd rather baok the favorite for a plaoc. It isn't suoh a strain upen one's intellect." Did Mr. HaroroBs enjoy life amidst that merry party, with all the verdure and fresh ness of English landscape about and around him, with yonng voloes ringing in his ear, and young faces smiling upon him ? Well, no; he rather suffered these pleasures as something that must be got through and endured somehow. Half tho timo his mind was away in dusty law-courts, or in tho Lords oommittee-room. He oould not en joy the present moment as these poople did. That breathless race whioh ho had run for fortune had inoapaoitated him for holiday-making. It seemed snoh a foolish wasto of timo, this dawdling among broken nrohes, and champagne- drinking at two o'olook iu the day, tho trivial jokes, tke flirtation, and meandering. While tho rest woro beguiled by suoh petti- noss, he strollod thoughtfully ovor the gravestones of mitred abbots, weighing his own lifo, pondering upon what he had won and what ho had missed, The ruined abboy, whose aisle ho paced, was somewhat sug gestive of such oontcmplation ; for it be longed to a law lord, whoBO mansion stood a littlo way off, within sight of thoso ivy- oovorod buttresses. "Tho monks who built and maintained this place seem a grander rime than onr law lords," ho said to himsolf, "for thoy have left a finer monument to mark tkoir existence than Thurlow or Brougham. After all, there is nothing liko architeoture if a man wants to be remembered whon he is dust ; and that was a pardonable weakness of the Pharaohs whioh made thorn go in for in calculable bricks and mortar." Thero were times, however, when Mr. Haraross was moro socially inclined, and would evon condescend to flirt a littlo, in a half-cynical way, with the prettiest Miss Stalman, who was disposed to adora him, and in littlo gushes of confidence to her sis ter deplored tho fact of his marriago. In Bpito of his habit of retiring within himself occa sionally, and withdrawing from tho pleasures of the rest, ho was eminently popular. First and foromost, because ho was a man of mark in kiB profession, and peoplo liked to bo on snch intimate terms with so distinguished a persou ; and secondly, because he talked well when he did choose to talk, and had the gift of at least seeming to know everything under the sun. " You are so dreadfully clover, Mr. Har oross,". said the pretty Miss Stalman, with a reverential look, nftor he had told her some legends of the monks who had tossed their censera and sung their masses under tho vaulted roof that onco had spanned those lofty walls. "I think you must have read overy book that was ever printed." " Not quito. Indeed I doubt if I have read as many books as you have. I am told some young ladies devour a three- volume novel in a day, and that, knock ing off Sundays and an occasional saint's day, would mako nine hundred volumes a year. Allow them sevon years of novel- reading, aud there you havo six thousand three hundred volumes. I don't bolieve I've read so many as that. But I thought, as we were to lunch in the cloisters, every one would bo eager to know something about the abbey ; so I looked it np in the history of Kent while you ladies were dressing." "It is so nice to bo with somo one who knows all about gothio architecture," mur mured Miss Staltnun, with a faiut sigh. ".My sympathies are with everything mediaival." Several peoplo at Clevedon had observed the likaness between Mr. Harcross and Iris host. Thoy might have been brothers or first- cousins, people said, and were more like each other tkau many men so related. Hubort Harcross's type of faoe was to be seen in ever so many of tho Clevedon por" traits, as Weston Vallory, tho all-seeing, pointed out ono wet morning when tho visi tors were confined to the house, and tramped the galleries restlessly in their search for amusement. " It's really a singular faot, that like ness," ho Bald ; "especially' as my friend Harcross's face is by no moans n common one. There's . that slight projection of tho under lip, for instance, whioh gives what some people call a cynical expression to tho mouth — that's a regular Clevedon mark. You see it in tho chief justice yonder, with the Ramilies wig, and in the old colonel of dragoons over there. Very enrions, these accidental resemblanaes." There was a full-length portrait of Sir Lucas in the drawingroom, by Lawrence — rather an effeminate figure, in the famous Regency swallow-tail coat and high stock — and in thid picture aleo tho likeness between the Clevedons and Mr. Harcross was obvious. All that made the strength of Hubert's faoe was wautiog in vhe spendthrift's thoughtless OL- unteuanoe ; but the likeness was not the less palpable. " You are liko what my father would have been if he had ever learned to think," said Sir Francis, " but he never did. Even mis fortune could not teach him that lesson. He only acquired tho art of grumbling." " Ye shall know them by their fruits," said Mr. Harcross sententiously. "Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles ?" Sir Franois looked at him wanderingly for a moment, but said nothing; whereupon somebody bbgau to to criticise the fashion- able'attire of tho yoar '20, and the conversa tion driltoil into atiomer Ouaimoi. 