Within the Jast few days a reduced scale of charges for telegraphic messages forwarded after office ho'ufs jpts been put in force by the tele graphic department. Formerly the minimum charge' for a message sent iii after 8 p.m. was 10s, and tlio'rato of transmission was one-third extra. ' Under the new regulations messages may. be sent to or from liny station at any hour of the night, . provided notice be given before 8'.p.m., at the ordinary charge of Id per word. The sniallest . charge that is made, however, is 53, but for that sum a message of 58 words may be sent. For press messages the rates are one half. 1 'The minimum charge is the same, hut for 5s 119 words can be sent/and addi tional w'ordB- will be foriyarded at the ordinary liross rate of a half-penny per word. Arrange ments havo also been made by which messages of an urgent nuture will be despatched to and fropi tije'.jirin.cipal Statious on Sundays up to half-past 9 p.m. . Xhaokebay-as a SnowMAN.-The monthly gossip iu the June number of Lippincott's Maga zine contains this story about Thackeray. Years ago, when Tbackoray was delivering his lectures of " Thp Georges," and the " English Wits and : Humourists," to large audionoes in a Southern city, he asked a distinguished literary man what chance. of success, there would be in a. certain other city not many miles away. " I really don't know, Mr.Thackeray," was the reply. " I never succeeded there. But I am nobody, and yon are a great gun ; it seems, to me you ought to succeed" any where. Still, I cannot conscientiously advise you to. make the attempt; you might possibly fail, and lay tho blame on mo." Aftor somo re flection,, he: added, '/Perhaps if 'yon were -to make'a special lecture, compounded of the best and most diverting parts of two or more of your \- series, you. might draw a tolerably good house. But I/will not guarantee anything.'' Thackeray thought the .. matter over, accepted tlie suggee- tion, made up the compound lecturo, advertised, " hilled tho town," and went over. On his re turn his friend met hiin at the cars, and, after the-usual greeting, said, " Well, sir, how did you make out? . " Oh !" said Thackeray merrily, "j have been playing tho mountebank for Gd." " What do you mean by that?" "Tbo night you know, was a wretched one, tho audience ivas thin, 'hot above fifty or sixty persons, and a more quiet aud absiilut'ely 'sober set I never attempted to entertain. I did my best, but so profound was tlieir/ respoe t—tb eir awe, I may say— of me, tliat not a murmur of applause, not a ghost of a smile, escaped them. Solemnly, sincerely, piously they stared at me. . I do believe they thought I was preao|iing a funeral sermon. At the close of the lecture I fully expected a committee to come forward and request a copy of my obituary oil1 the Georges fbr publication in the morniug papers, and I felt disappointed that tbe door- kooper did not stop me us I went out to put crape on my arm and a weeper oil my hat. It was truly a solemn and refreshing season. The next morniiig, after paying my advertising bills and the hotel charges, I found J had cleared onongh to pay my return faro to this place and fivo idojlars oyer. . .Congratulating myself on this fact, I stredo jubilantly down to the sta tion, and was iu the act of stopping on tlio train, . wlion;!. felt. inyaelf touched oil the back. Turn ing around, L beheld a small man with tho aspect (if a monkey, who, in no complimentary terms, mado tho inquiry, ' Ain't you a man by tho namo of'Tbqckpray ?' ' That is my iiaino, sir.1' . ' Well, didii'tyou givo a show horo lost night?',;/. Why/yes, I think it was decidedly, a " shoiv.'".' . Well, tbar's a law in this town that any man that.grvos.a show has got to pay fivo dollars license for a-givin' of the show, aiul you' didn't pay no license ; and I'm the sargont of thiB town, and hore's'the bill, and you've got to pay it boforo you kin got to git ill them keers.' 'This was too good. I handed the fierce little sorgeaut tho fivo. dollars, paid my railroad faro out of- my own pocket, and. so,", concluded Thackory, with u jolly laugh, "I played the nioun tobaok for Gd, and upon ipy honour I/An- joyed it," 