A PEEP INTO PUBGATOBY. GLASGOW WEEKLY MATT. A correspondent writing to us from Dublin, says—" I saw in the Mail a few weeks since an article taken from a Manchester paper ou a little book called, ' A Sight of HelL' I do not know if yon ever saw tbe book. I now take tbe liberty of seuding it, alung with another one." The books forwarded are two of a series, apearently, the "Sightof Hell" beiug marked Book X, and tbe accompanying work, which deals with purgatory, ranking as Bo«k TTf They are specially addressed to childien and young persons, and are both by tbe same anthnr, R-v. J. Furnisa, C.S S.R —beiug published per missu superiorum Having already given our readers some iilea oE the contents of the first, we limit our extracts to the following from the ae&uid;, which is eutitled "The Great Question " :— T1115 CMKYEBSIOK BEIEGET. St Catherine was proving for a poor sinner— Bridget—when, behold, t>ha beard a voice come oat<>f tbe Tabeniacln Where Jesus was in tbe B Sacrament That voice was the voice of Jesus Christ, and thus Jesus spoke to St Catherine: "My dear Catherine," Jesus said, "I have heard yonr {UogrcE.. JLo^tttliui. -Illiaufcyoiifor praying for the (>oor Bridget, bemuse it .is my providence, thtt wbui anybody prays for sinners, 1 bave pity on them and convert tbem. It is well thtt you have prayed for .Bridget, for jshe will sojn die : and, if you had not prayed for ber, she wuuld have died iu her sins, and gone to helL Bnc nuw. since you have jirayed S for her, I will lave mercy on bar, and convert bee." The following day Bridget was , walking s along one of tbe streets. Her mind, as nBUal, o was on vain and evil things. She remembered her past sins, and tbe light of God showed Jher the'frightful, the terrible state of her souL r When Bridget thought of these things, ber r heart was filled with bitter aoirow ; ehe burst r into tears. She. then made tbe most fervent a acts of. contrition and gocd resolutions to keep c away from tbe persons and places wbere she bad d sinned before. She went to confession, and t accused herself aorrowfolly of her sins. She f felt ashamed to tell some of them, buit she did pm nut mind the shame—she told them alL Thea die humbly asked the priest to give her absoluto-m and pardon through the precious blood of B c Jesus Christ, wbo died for her. Then came the c pnest'e absolution—" By the authority of Jesna W Christ 1 absolve yoa from your sitis, in the i munerf the father, and of the Son, and of the f a Hb E Holy Ghost' In that moment the virtue and the power uf the blood of Jesus came into her aonl, wd ber Bins went away as the darkness when tbe light comes. Soon afterwards Bridget ud. St Catherine was again i n the chapel. M(d jigain she beard the voict ol Jesus Cbnst " U y W«r Catherine esus eaid, " the poor Bridget for whom you rayed is dead ; abe made a good confeaiS - er sms were forgiven, Md now biHouI ia 8 ^"T- h -» e° dovn with yonr ngrf guardian to purgatory, and aee her k w B 