(Pnm (»« fyAuy JTornliy AraWi tttt/mtj Melbourne. — The Gippsland Steam Navigation Co. have declared a dividend equal to eight per cent, per annum. — Austin, charged with defaulting as an officer of the Prince Alfred Hospital, is remanded till Friday. — £ Miners' Pro tection Association has been formed at Sandhurst in the Protection interest. — The National Bank meeting was largely attended, and rather noisy, Mr, p. Lang will took tha chair. ThaSrKrAnt/in )«;-1 ?- document on the 'table stating that an arrangement had bpen arrived ;at which would obviate the necessity '.'of a public discussion of the bank affairSj which was unadvisable. It stated that an irrebon cileable difference of opinion bad existed between Mi1. Young and the directors, and that it was not to the interest of the bank that he should retain office. He had placed his resignation in the hands of the director*, which would meettho exigencies of tbe ease, and they would bo prepared to rescind tho resolution for his dismissal. In answer to a question it transpired that Mr. Young will receive salary to January, and a year's retiring allowance— in all, abont £2600. It is stated that Mr. F. Q. Smith is appointed to the office .vacated by Mr. Young.— The Jane Spiers fell in with a large school of sperm whales in latitude 39s longitude 126°, on January 24.— Hewitt is to run Bedford five miles on the Melbourne ground, on March 16, and give him 800 yards start.— Tbe Civil Service Rowing Club has launched a new boat, built by Clasper. — The Argot favors the annexa tion of Riverine to Victoria,— The entries for the Geelong races are good. For the handicap there are Kingfisher, Glencoe, Misty Morn, Salsdin, Planet, Sheriff, Superior, Flying Dutchman, Early Mom, Foam, Albany, Detective, Planter, Alma, Juanita, Kate Dalrymple, Alfred, Gazelle, and Flying Scud. For the Geelong Cup: Warrior, Kingfisher, Gleneoe, Saladin, Planet, Superior, Sly ing Dutchman, Foam, Early Morn, Planter, Albany, Irish King, Jnanita, falcon, Alfred, and Flying Scad. — A miner was killed at the: Golden Gully claim, Sandhurst, on . Monday., night.— Inglish's case came .before the Presby terian Assembly, anditr.as.referred^to a commission, which is,jto sit-in' May. . Bathobst. — Entranco* for the Batii unt Cup:— HoyneVj Adventuress, 4 years; rMoyne's .Mopnbeam,' aged-f Matthew's 6urbifcon,5years; Aldridge's Gulgong, 6 yean. ; BattyeV Clan Charlio, 8 years; Battye's Crow,' aged; Barnes's Bmalong, 3 years ;? Adam's Birmingham, 5 years; Town's Paradise, 5 years; Town's Tauban, 4 years; Town's Eve line, 8 years; T.Jjee's, Kebo, 6 years; IvoryVBylong, aged; Ivory's Fancy, 6 years ; Bradbury's AlLtiyaars ; Winch's Endeavor, 4 years ; West's Lieutenant. 6 years; Coulson's Contessa, aged; Osborne's Johnny Smoker, aged ; Thomp son's Duke, aged. In all twenty nomina tions. A Ghost. — A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of the 18th January, 'about 9 o'clock, as the Bev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes'e daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, when opposite Mr. Warohold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rue out of the gronnd and extend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal becam* frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes .ex claimed, 'Dear me, wbatwus that 7' Hr\ Bayley endeavoured to pull the horse' up; but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till be reached the gate at Mjllhivsn/' . 