C0LURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. - TIU DISBIOP'S ADDRESS. The following is an abridgment of thle address, referred to in onr last issue delivered. by his Lordship tihs Bishop, at the' opening o ti Allnnal ?ScOl of toahe Church of England Dto cosan Synod, on' the 27th Feb. HgIis Lord ship having first ireferred to the fact that Synpd had that year met atat Hobart Town by the wish of the Council of Advice, and noticed solhe changes which had taken place duringltho past year in the removal of old incumbents and the induction of newi ones, the building of new churches, &e.;, went on to refer to the state of the GeneraljOmurch Fund, as follows : General Church~PFul.nd-As now cures are formed, and more resignations on the part of the scheduled chaplains "are probable, and in some cases desirable by reason of physical in finrity or ago, it becomes imperative that i a more systenmatic effort should be made through out the dioceso to meeot those calls which are beginning to press heavily upon nis. The time has come for a more rigid census, as well as a more perfect system of collecting funds. AIA movement, creditable to our northern brothern, and Mr Campion in particular, has been made for the purpose of enrolling all, bona fidle members of the Church who desire to be benofitted by her ministraitions, and to por petuate and extend them. The system of 'Parochial Associations," sanctioned by the Synod some years ago by my recommendation, is an organisation randy to hand, and should no longer be allowed, as it has been allowed to sleep. A "GCeneral Church Society" should beo fornned; a nominal roll of membors in every parish with their subscriptions attached, should bo required ; and a report should be annually psblished. Nothing short of this, as men are constituted, will have the effect, as the I history of all such societies shows us, of exciting, and sustaining that combinga tion of effort which the case demands. I grant, also, that such effort is a salutary education, preparing the way for the time when State-Aid will be withdrawn from thosee parishes. But one duty should not stand in tihe way of a still higher, and it is most clear that no t duty can stand so high, or be so imperative, binding upon al those who accidentally have the greater share of the State grant, and are on that account left freer to discharge it as their r duty, of contributing to the wants of their own brethren and the' missionary, wants- of the i Charch. It is my pleasure and duty to bear witness to the growing devotion and zeal of the 1 clergy'. My personal knowledge of the diocese 1 enables me to any .this. Tihe returns, which l show the proportion of churclme n to thle popu laton, as well as of the clergy to the members of I the Church, and of candidates for confirmation 1 to the number of tihe clergy, are, especially when compared with neighboring dioceses, very 1 satisfactory. We have also no reason to com plain of want of zeal amoig our foremost and representative laymen. What we do need is something, whatever that something may be, for extending that zeal, and diffusing it among that large class of apathetic churchmen. who dor not feel the importance of tle Church's work, and who contribute by their labors, their influence, or their money, nothing towards it. Cathedral Chapter.--In my efforts to erect a real Cathedral Church in this dioceso, my object from the first has been not only to build an edifice, which in its material character might deserve the name of a MIother, Churolh, but might also provide a more settled body of advisers to the Bishop, in his spiritual adninis tration of the diocese1 furnishing him with coadjutors in the examination, and, if possible, in the preparation of candidates for holy orders, according to the most ancient precedent. There are also other questions, which belong to the interal life of theo hurch, for the solution of which the Bishop may properly: look to tile lhelpand sympathy of experienced and judicious presbyters. I might indeed, by exercise of a right secured to me by her Majesty's letters patent have myself nominated all the mom bers of the Chapter. But in that ease there wouldl hlave been a danger of ay being unduly influenced by accidental and private frendsiap. I invited, therefore, the Synod, after the examplo of other colonial dioceses, to share with ne the responsibility of tile selection. A com litteo was nominated at the session of 1801 for the consideration of the subject, and that committee recommended the Synod to adopt the seggestions, except the one which proposed the including of lay members as well as clerical. My opinion remains unaltered as to the wisdom of appointing lay members; which might consist of, or at Iast include, the lay representatives and oficers of the parish of St. David's. ' But over and above those uses of a Cathedral, there are oiler no less important, to which the English Cathdral areboin once more turoed. Tloeymay bosummed up unlierthoreo heads. They slould srore ts purposes of prayer, of pronaclng, and of sacred msaac,and,in alltlosereospect,seould be more or loss examples to the whole diocese, although it presents services which cannot and need not be carried out in any parish church. Whatever, in short, tends to make tihe Cathedral the property of the whole diocese will make it subserve its proper function as a uniter and and ceeonter. To this end the canons elected b the ? nod whiclh itself is the representative of the wiole Chrchl, constituto tie chaptor, and if they can undertake any practcial duties within its walls and become preachers by retation and discharge such other functions as haveindicated, we should, as churchmen, rise iher to te conception of a diocese-not as beieg a disintegrated number of isolated parishes hut as a compact whole, consolidated and strengthened by the Cathedral-as the main priig of its diocesan life. Christ's Collejc.--Tlhe time has come for taking tops for thle re-opening of Christ's College. The nod at tits last session passed a resolution ro ?esting me to take steps for the transference of ne trust to tleo Synod trustees. Such trans forncu can only be effected by tihe authority of an Act of Parliament, and it becomes a question worth discussion whether or not it would not be Prefrable, if it be thought expedient to appeal to to legislature to carry out the original deign of applying for a charter of incoporation. it?ens oe ,Ssteeea.-Last year I drew your attention to one of thoe most gigntio evilsawhlch .eest the progreas of the Gospel in every part of the hritah domunions. You passed a resolu ti l whinh has 'not been without a salutary effect. It gave a moral weight to the exertions of Clristian men of every denomination, who for their commonl love to men anid to Christ have liound themselves tog~ther for the protectiomof thowrkingolassognuastnarowhilchitruquines almost It mirace to escape. If from the fearlof temporaryI ileonvenionoo, arising from the loss of revenue, or from unwillingncas to,confront' any unfair combinations of vested inteorots (the very mntitudo' of'which bears'witneos to the magnitudo of the evil) the legislature is power. less, and -the licensing system is proatically a national perminassion to spread moral and physical rnin, than such man ask, on the part.of those who pay the rates, liberty to take the mnatter into thiir own Bands whenover a prppondor sting u.j6rity desiro it. One thing is elear. It is not fair, nor wise, nor Christian to demand of the pblcan a largo price for his licenc, and practically tell him that, since it 'is wanted for the revenue, heo can indemnify himself, amidst the general competition, by encouragngl habits of drunkenness, or adulterating the drink of the people. If it be so, no wonder that a popula-' tion, growing in enlightenment and conscious of the power of 'co-operation,' will' rise up and forbid' the' reliotition of sceones, too often reported in our newspapers, under 1 the pa tronage of a "licensing isystem." The bold and uncomppromisin .' front presented by "The United Kingdom i Alliance," has induced The Times newspaper to speak the word of warning to the licensed victuallers in the 'following terms :--" When' the Alliance says that the drink trade 'tends to increase crime, waste the national resources, dorrupt the social habits, and destroy the liealth and lives of the people,' the view is far nearer the truth ;thani the complacenout optimism of the licensed victuallers, as adopted and avowed by 3Mr Base. Onoe party is so horrified at the abuses of the liquor traffic that it has become blind to its uses; but the other slhuts its eyes to the most glaring facts, and refuses to recognise any abuses at all. When it is pretended, on bohalf of the trade, that the consumption of intoxicating liquors in this country is 'neither inmmoderate nor poerniclous, the common sense of'the public rebels against the assertion. VWhateovermay be the figures and statistics of the case-and they are, at all events, so prodigious that no two computations come within ten millions of each other--it is certain theyi·ll us a terrible tale. Probably most people would be ready to allow that a good half of all the money spent upon drink is spent to bad purpose-wasted, as re gards the outlay, worse than wasted, as regards the result.t Irish Church.-To turn to the Church in her work' elsewhere. . Since we last' met, we have wiatched with iitense 'sympathy the progress of the Irish Church in her critical process of self organisation. Her course ias boon fully worthy of her earlier history, directed, as it luas boon,, under the Providence of God, by wise and learned counsels. Her solemn "declaration," drawn'up at her great convention, runs int the name of " the Archbishops and Bishops of this, the ancient and c Apostolic Chmurc of Ireland, to gother with thoerepresontatives of the clergy and laity.' The principal things declared on this very point are so essential, so vital, and so instructive to ourselves, isolated as we are at this and of the world; in danger, it we are rash, of being drawni "from our moorings by any wind of doctrine," without power of appeal at home, without! as yet, a general provincial Synod in Australia that I will venturo to recite them to this Synod. ' 1\. "The Church of Ireland doth,, as hereto fore, accept and tinfeiginedly believe all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and Now Testa monts, as given by inspiration of God, and con taining all things, necessary for salvation ; and doth continue to profess the faith of, Christ as professed by the primitive church." 2. ." The Church of Iroland will continue to, minister the doctrine, and sacraments, and the discipline of a Christ, as the Lord hath commanded; 'and will maintain inviolate the three orders of Bishops, Priests or, Presbyters,. and Deacons iii the sa croedi'nitstry." 3. "The Church of Ireland, as a Reformed and Protestant Churcb, doth hereby reaffirm its constant witness against all these innovations' in doctrine and worship, whereby the primitive faith hatlh bcon from time to time overlaid and defaced, and which at thoReformation this Church did disown and ro ject." 4. "The Cl urch of Ireland doth receive and approve " the Book of Comnmon Prayer and the Thirty-ninoe Articles ; and " will continue, to use the same, subject to such alterations only as may boe made thoroin from time to time by the lawful authority of the Church." 5. "The Churqh of Ireland will maintain communion with the sister Church of England, and with all other Christian churches agreeing in the prin ciples of this declaration ; and will set forward as far as in it lieth quietness, peace, and love, among all Christian people." 0. "The Church of Ireland, deriving its authority from Christ, who is the Head over all things to the Chlurch, doth declaro that a General Synod of the Church of 'Ireland, consisting of the Arch bishops and Bishops, and of representatives of the clergy and laity, shall have chief legislative power therein, and such administrative power as may be necessary for the Churclh, and consistent with ihts Episcopal constitution." I think that many of our statutes might be modified after the model of the Irish Church with advantage. I do not doubt that that Church has benofitted greatly by our own colonial experience, and we shall do well to take advantage in turn from its matured counsels. We may, for oxample, learn mtich from their statutes upon the mode of electing their Bishops for vacant dioceses, and their Presbyters for vacant cures, as well as for the constitution of our Ecclesiastical Court, in, all which particulars experience has shown some radical defects. It will be well, I take the occa sion to say, that the Synod should indicate more precisely the method which should be taken for the election of representative members of a General Provincial Synod, which probably will be sunmmonod by the Metropolitan within a few months. The same mode of election might also govern the appointment to any vacancy, whenever it occurs, among the members of the Cathedral Chapter. The Church of Ireland, separated from her union with the Church of England by the Logis lative Act of Disoestablishlunuet, has been wise enough and catholic enough to see her right position. She, does not clll herself, she does not consider herself "the Church of England in Ireland," but remnembering her amtiqiiity and independence, she cliims for hersolf.a separato existence, side by side, as a sister. The Austra lian OChurch, springig from the Church of Eng land, and deriving her mission more directly from her, stands in the relation of a daughter, and, like a daughter grown up to adult estate, as soos as her appointments are com ploto, alse must also chlm for herself an indepondent existence. The terms of her communion with the Mother Church need not by any means imply a bondage to all her ordi nances or canons, but in common with the Irish, tleScotchl, and thleAmericanEpiscopal OClhurches, the terms must express a simple agroment to abide by those foundation truths of Apostolic doctrines and Apostolic orders, which we have received from Apostolic times. Organic unity with thie Mothcr Church may be more fully secured in two ways, which must soon engage tihe attention of a Geonoral Astralian Council. One course will be to require all future Bishops to take a double oath of obedience an oath to the Arclbishop of Cantorbmury as well as to the Metropolitan. The other conrse will be to require each Bishop to take tihe single oath of obedience to the Metrpolitan, whlel the Metro politan on his part may be required to take the oath of obedience to the Archbishop of CaOnter bury. MIy own views were expressed in a reply to the Bishop of London, now the Archbishop of Canterbury, and were expresised int the December numiber of the OCurcrl Neiws. The wise courso for a Colonial Church is to follow closely the rule of the Mother Churchi until the fuller organisation of a General Provisional SCouncil shall have had power given to it to con Strol the undue independence of each diocese, and to secure organic unity throughout the r whole Australian Church. Without such check,' mlposed from the earlioet ago, a solitary diocese would be in daniger of becoming nothing more than a seet, conveniently perhaps free from the conflict of ,opinions, but liable to stagnation in raction,;? some inward lake without Indeed a ripple, but'without breadth, ordeopth, or lifoe Model;, Coietroversy,.-Until thoereforo, a Geonral Provincial Synod shalllave had time to propound its canons for.thlo future disoipline of the Australian Churcl, let us exercise all Chris tlan forbearance, allowing to each other the anme liberty in disputed points which we claim for ourselves. Uniformity is possible among lifeless pebbles, but we, as living stones, must look for unity, not uniformity. I am not aware that any change in' the mode of cinducting divino service las occurred for years past;, cal culated to offend the congregation' of worship pors. Certainly no expressionof dissatisfaction or personal grievance; on the part of any con gregation, or even any member of a congrega tion, has formally, or informally, reached me, and I earnestly hope, however, that a ready "oaedieico to the law will, as far as posfiblo, be paid, 'wlerover 'the law has, been clearly and. ildisputably laid down. Soine nmeon object to the court of final appeal in England, upon'the ground of its secular character, as' an intrusion into the province of the :Clurch, and it may be a question howy far its judgments have legal effect here. I do not sharo the objection to Its constitution, inasmuch as its duty is limited to the interpretation and not the promulgation of ecclesiastical law, although in common with most people, I am glad to know 'that the constitution of the Judicial Committee of Appeal will,.soon be greatly amended. The decision in the case, Shepperd:.ersus Purchas, has pronounced certain novelties illegal, and whether or not siuch judgment can be oei forced upon the daunlhter churches, I am, pro pared to use all my influence in repressing any effort to introduce them, were thero'any'dispo sition to do so.. On the other hand, when the prohibition extends to customs, which the good sense of English clhurcmen has never restricted, then the maxim Mos pro lege will be accepted, and a largo-hearted charity will at lenagt pro vail. The second report of the Royal Con missioners proposes that any three communicant parishioners might appeal against the introduc tion of novelties in divine service to the Bishop, without the expenseoand other evils of .a suit, the Bishop would be the natural judge how far sucl customs were innocent,, consuetudines laourabiles, and how far departure from them were expedient. A Bishop, of all men; should plead for the greatest possible exercise of liberty, but lhe is bound by his office and by public opinion to restrain such liberty within thelimits of the law or the customs of the Church. If in our own diocese there have been so few grounds of complaint, it should not' be forgotten that such infrequency may be duo to the -personal influence and private admonition of the Bishop, by which lihe can exorcise a far more wholesome effect than through the machinery of a law court. The one disavows, the other provokes opposition. Let us not forget that harmony is quite consistent with varietyof sentiment. Great pinciples indeed,.such as those for which our forefathers laid dorvn their lives, must be pro tooted by those in authority, but in all details other motives must have room to play. Estab lished custom, diversity of taste and sentiment, prejudices of education will over appeal; from the law of Ecclesiasticil Courts' to the higher law of Christian kindness. If any: of 's, my brtlhren, over. find a diffiulty in tolerating the opinions of other men who we know are as zealous and are influenced by the samoe love of Christ as we are, lot cs boar in mind the Apos tolic maxin, !'overcome evil with good." Some divergencies must be expected in, every Church and 'ago,. whenever there is soon increasing activity andzeal among the clergy, and 'so far they are, as woell as the hot discussions that accompany thetm, healthy signs. But I doubt whether any benefit comes from 'religious con- troversy at Synodal meetings. Few have the necessary patience or logical power to convince tleir fellow men, and whatover fails to,do this can but do harm by cxciting passion in. our own breasts or the breasts of otheor. If,,duty calls upon us to state ouir opinions, let is honestly state them,' and leave them to the force of truth and thleopirit's lpowor. As it wasin the days of the prophets and. of the Baptist, God will bring gifted men to the front whenever He sees the necessities of His Church shall need them. In making these remarks in the interests of toleration, I need not repeat to you that with the ultra- ritualistic movement at homo I have myself no.substantial sympathy whatever. I'll belie my life-long convictions if I had. Had, indeed, that movement confined itself to making more prominent the duty of Holy Communion, or upholding the dignity of the oflice by which ordamed oneen, chosen of God as representatives of the people, present their sacrifices of praises' and thanksgiving, or, "the offering up to Christ of the Gentiles," so far my sympathy would have gone with it. I need not again remind you that there over have beeoon and ever will be two great schools within the Church, and so long as neither out stops its proper bounds, they. servo as.useful checks to each other. There is much ground of congratulation that at home, in spite of great excesses, which had distinguished some Churches before Ithey were condemned as unlawful, and inl spite of defiant languago expressed sub sequently by a few excited men, there seems no disposition to push an advantage to an ox troemity, no threat of fresh prosecution so long as the novelties, specially objected to wore dis continued. Indeed, the enforcement of unifor mity in detail has ever proved to be simply impossible. If it was so even in the days of Laud, it is still more so now. In examining the state of the Church at home, we should ever bear in mind that ill seasons, when mutual forbearance has been disturbed, it is important to take into. account the difficult position of a Bishop. If lhe is required, against his judg-. ment, to enforce a literal compliance with the rubrics in: one directioli, he must, for con sistency's sake, do so in another, and his difl culties are greatly increased when, inl times of excitomenet,lho appeals,but often in vain,to reason and good fooling. So long as we all preach Christ and Him crucified, and from the Cross evolve the doctrines of human depravation, the atone ment, justification by faith in His merits, the sanctifying influences of the Holy Spirit, and each f endamiatal evangelic truth; so long as we abide by Apostolic order and discipline, we may well afford to exercise toleration in matters of subordinate importance. Germc~a Caeholickens.i-To stop short of the true principles of corporate union, and to sub stitute expressions of kindly regard or occa sional passages of brotherly fellowship, would be largely to compromise ourselves in relation to thle great movemnent of liberal Cathlolicism in Germeny. I hail-with satisfaction tie adop tion, on the part of tlhet national movemelet, of the very fundamental principle that underlies the Eglishl anid the Irish, and every other branch of the Anglo-Saxon Chnreh. As a wit ness against the Ilmeanc doctrine of develop ment, it is asseorted ill the second article of the progracmme drawn up at Munichl, "a dogna to be valid, must be in accordance wite Holy Writ andtlhe old traditions of the Church, such as they ]lave been convoyed to us in the writings of .the recognised Fathers and the decrees of the Chlurch-i.e., of the undivided Church." In the third article of the same programmeo we read-"If these reforms are carried out, and the road of science and progressive Christian culture is steadily pursued, we expect that the timeus will come when an underistanding will be effected with the various Protestant Chlurches as well as witlh the Epiecopal Churches of England and America." All this points to.a possible and glorious future in which the far-spread English Church, may,- in the Providence of God, have yet to sustain a part, future, whlich would be rendered much less uncertain, and much more glorions, if we had not.to lament our internal divisions and out ward schisms. . As members of a reformed church' we' cannot' but feel a deep interest in thi Alt-Catholio movement. We can easily understand how the sturdyindependence of the German character has risen in arms against the doctrine of the personal independepndence of the Pope. Mch allowance, howover, must be mado, and much prayer is needed on behalf of movement in Germany, wheore that grand scandal of the Reformation, a sceptical rationalism, 'croates the aro-actionary yearning after some historical development of an infallible guido of faith. - In conclusion, allow me to] express the hope that no words uttered in the warmth of debate, calculated to irritate or to wound, will be al lowed to bring discredit upon our Church or our Synodical institution,. For sixteen centuries after Christ no questions wore brought before the Synods for the purposes of eager debate, or for division into majorities and mninorities. The object was to obtain public consent, and to deliver authoritative uttorance to measures idioady discussed and approved. ' The temper and necessities of the age have changed all this, and the fifth century noed not necessarily fur nish an exact model to the 10th. But if sub. oocts must be discussed which excite controversy lot ties at least show ourselves worthy of the rark whlich tLe ago hasg ,ivon to us, the object of which should the ncreae of mutual for boaranco during the succeeding year, tmutual rospect'and more active and loving co- operation. Men who live detached from their felow-men, and ` have learnt to love ' the truth which they have received through certain formulas are. naturally apt to idqntify the trut itself with their mode of stating it.. The object of Synodical moeetings should tend to counteract this narrowness of our own private views and intolerance of other men's. Let us bear in mind that we live in an ago of shaken and unsettled opinions. The dis c0veriob of science and a spoculative restlessness arero the cause, which it is the offico of the Chorch to control and direct, not impugn or slight. If the Church, great as she has beeoon in thie ages past, and groat as shio is still, shall over loseo her opportunity, and therefore her power, it ?will arise from her own disunion and disor ganisation, which will give an advantage to the forces of schism and unbelief, which no other power would furnish. Lot us beoar in mind the strict and solemn tribunal before which we all soon must stand. In the light which beams from that awful tribunal, how trivial will ap pear our transitory controversies upon profound eat mysteries, how puerilo our questions of ophemoral ceremonies I How all important our faithfulness in bringing sinners to repentanceo and wandering prodigals to their fathers ; and our brotherly kmdness one towards another I If we expect to live in Heaven, and to attain to higher and yet higher degrees of love there, lot us avoid all bitterness and wrath, and for this end, lot us pray for the gift of the Holy Spirit. Itwas when the first " disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost," that with "great power they gaveo witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jcsus, and the multitudes of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul." The Synod then adjourned till seven o'clock. 