LOCAL, REPRESENTATION IN THE SOUTH-EAST. A new authority has been established in the South-East. Hitherto the exuberant mental activity of that rising district has expended itself in newspaper controversies, deputations to Ministers, and friendly con ferences between plenipotentiaries from the several townships; bat .all these expedients were of a temporary character, and produced no permanent result beyond convincing out siders that the people were fully alive to their wrongs and exceedingly restive under them. It is true that a certain oligarchy calling itself the Mount Gambier Farmers' Clnb, and arrogating to itself .comprehensive functions, tried hard to secure the position of recognised grievance-monger, and for years engaged solemnly in the periodic discussion of political and social, as well as occasionally of agricultural topics, but the public perversely refused to recognise it as a repre- ; sentative institution. In spite of ridicule and insult from without and frequent dis sensions within, it contrived to eke out an unhappy existence until within a recent period, when ifcj formally resigned its self imposed duties, and decently yielded up the ghost. It was too local to be appreciated throughout the entire district, and, consti tuted as it was, too ambitious in its aims to gain any large amount of respect. It had lived without sympathy; it has died without respect. But the new organization which appears to have sprang from the expiring embers of the politico-social Fanners' Club comes into existence under more favourable auspices, and is likely to produce more satisfactory results. It is, in fact, an Association of District Chairmen, modelled after the simi litude of the august body that meets from time to time on this side of the Murray to give a voice to the complainings of District Councils, and to confer upon matters of high importance to the State. Situated as the South-East is with regard to the centre of government, it is important that she should have some definite means of making her wants known, and of pressing them impor tunately upon the attention of the authori ties, and there is no impropriety in the Chairmen of District Councils taking this duty upon themselves. In their official capacity they are intimately connected with those questions with which alone the Govern ment are called on to interfere. They have to deal with the making and maintenance of roads, with the sale of Crown lands, with the geographical partition of the country, and indirectly with the electoral boundaries. They have authority in the matter of im poundings, in respect to the destruction of thistles, and in reference to the carrying into effect of many Acts of Parliament. Nothing could be more appropriate there fore than that they should meet and con struct a uniform policy upon as many of these subjects as possible. The want of concord amongst the people beyond the Murray as to what their real requirements are is to blame for much of the neglect of which they justly complain. One end of the district remains in chronic antagonism to the other, and the Parliament, bewildered by conflicting representations, adopts the indo lent plan of displeasing both, parties by doing nothing. The Association may do much towards taking this excuse for inac tion out of their mouths. To judge by the report of a recent meeting of the Association it is not likely to err on the side of defect. Besides discussing at length the questions of internal communica tion, thistle destruction, and the manage ment of its own affairs, it branched off into a critical examination of the electoral division question, passed resolutions in rela tion to absconding debtors and Border duties, and considered the best means of bringing its suggestions under the notice of the Legislature. This is not at all a bad selection of subjects to begin upon. They are all matters in which the South-East is deeply interested, and upon five of them at least legislation should without delay be carried to a definite issue; but we question much whether the Association will enhance its usefulness by being so all-embracing in its objects. A solution of the road and rail way difficulty and the settlement of the electoral question are probably the first necessities of the South-East, and the state ment of a distinct policy upon the former topic at least comes strictly within the range of the duties of a body of District Chairmen; but Border duties and the arrest of abscond ing debtors are subjects which have no special relevancy to the due discharge of their fnnctions. The Parliament will be disposed to attach weight to their declared opinion that the construction of main roads should be provided for out of the Land Fond ; that railways should be constructed by private Companies in return for grants of land; that the metalled road to Narracoorte from Mount Gambier should be completed ; that the twenty-one days' notice required to be given under the Thistle Act should be dispensed with; and that all Crown lands infested with thistles and burrs should be let by the Government on a clearing lease at a peppercorn rental; but no peculiar im portance can be attached to their pronuncia mentos upon political matters over which they have no jurisdiction. We welcome the South-Eastern District Chairmen's Associa tion as a useful institution, but respectfully suggest that it should confine its attention to those topics upon which it can speak with authority. 