seventh: scene. THE EVENING PAUTT. ' Mk. Turlington, Last Winvtood At Some. Wednesday, December XSth. Ten o'clock.' ' Dearest Natalie,— As the brute insists, the brute must have the invitation which I enclose. Never i mind, my child. You and Launce are coming to , dinner, and I will see that you have your little private \ opportunities of retirement afterwards. All I expect I ©f you in return is, not to look (when you come back) v as if your husband had been kissing -you. You will I certainly let out the secret of those stolen kisses, If 1 you don't take care. At mamma's dinner yesterday, ] your colour (when you earns out of the conservatory) j was a sight to see. Even your shoulders were red ! - ] They are charming shoulders, I know, and men take ? j the strangest fancies sometimes. But, my dear, I suppose you wear a chemisette next time, if you I hayn't authority enough over him to prevent his 1 doing it again !— Your affectionate Louisa.' 1 The private history of the days that had passed , j since the marriage was written in that letter. An I additional chapter — of some importance in his beating . J on the future— was contributed by die progress of 1 events at Lady Winwood's party. , 1 By previous arrangement with. Natalie, the Gray- 1 brookes (invited to dinner) arrived early. Leaving her fj husband and her stepdaughters to entertain Sir jj Joseph and Miss Lavinia, Lady Winwood took Natalie f intf) her from ftnuHrtir whir-Yl rvnnTnilnii-Bt«if Vnr a s-ni*_ a tained opening with the drawing-room. 1 ' My dear ! you are looking positively haggard this ] evening. Has anything happened ? ' I ' I am nearly worn out, Louisa. The life I am I leading is so unendurable that, if Launce pressed me, 1 I believe I should consent to run away with him when I we leave your house to-night.' a ' You will do nothing of the sort, if you please. I Wait till you are sixteen. I delight in novelty, but I the novelty of appearing at the Old Bailey is beyond - n my ambition. Is the brute coming to-night ? ' ? ' Of course. He insists on following me where- m ever I go. He lunched at Muswell Hill to-day, 1 More complaints of my incomprehensible coldness to M him. Another scolding from papa. A furious letter a from Launce. If I let Richard kiss my hand again in 9 his presence, Launce warns me he will knock him 11 down. Oh, the meanness and the guiltiness of the m life I am leading now ! I am in the falsest of all false m positions, Louisa, and you encouraged me to do it. I m believe Richard Turlington suspects us. The hut 9 two times Launce and I tried to get a minute together M at my aunt's, he contrived to put himself in our way. , I There he was, my dear, with his scowling face, look- ? ing as if he longed to kill Launce. Can you do any- fl thing for us to-night ? Not on my account. But M Launce is so impatient. If he can't say two ffl words to me alone this evening, he declares he will M come to Muswell Hill, and catch me in the garden to- M morrow.' ,1 ' Compose younelf, my dear ; he shall say his two m words to-night.' ;;? ?? How ? ' - !| Lady Winwood pointed through the curtained en- M trance of the boudoir to the door of the drawing-room. m Beyond the door was the staircase landing and beyond '? the* landing was a second drawing-room, the smallest m of the two. 9 'There are only three or four people coming to M dinner,' her ladyship proceeded ; ' and a few more -M in the evening. Being a small party, the small draw- M ing-room will do for us. This drawing-room will not II be lit, and there will be only my reading- lamp here in . jfl the boudoir. I shall give the signal for leaving the m dining-room earlier than usual. Launce will join us jfl before the evening, party begins. The moment he J appears, send him in here— boldly before your aunt 'M and all of us.' M 'For what?' .1 ' For you fan. Leave it there, under the sofa- : 1 cushion before' we go down to dinner. You will sit 1 next to Launce, and you will give him private in- 1 structions not to find the fan. You will get impatient rl — you will go to find it yourself— and there you are. m Take care of your shoulderi, Mrs. Linzie ! I have M nothing more to eay.' M The guests asked tojdinner began to arrive. Lady :? Winwood was recalled to her duties as mistress of the M house. ? It was a pleasant little dinner — with one drawback. fl It began too late. The ladies only reached the small jfl drawing-room at ten minutes to ten. Launce was jfl only able to join them as the clock struck. M ' Too late ! ' whispered Natalie. ' He will be m here directly.' jfl ?' Nobody comes punctually to an evening party,' ;? said Launce. ' Don't let us lose a moment. Send \m me for your fan.' ' !? Natalie opened her lips to say the necessary words. , '? Before she could speak the servant announced — I ' Mr. Turlington.' 1 He came in with his stiffly-upright shirt collar and ? ? his loosely-fitting glossy black clothes. He made his ' ? sullen and clumsy bow to Lady Winwood. And then j; I he did, what he had done dozens of times already — ; I he caught Natalie, with her eyes still bright and her ? . - ? face still animated (after talking to Launce)— a strik- ? ing contrast to the cold and unimpulsive young lady ;ffl whom he was accustomed to see while Natalie was jfl talking to him, ?'.-?.. , fl Lord Winwood's daughters were persons of some . -fl celebrity in the world of amateur music. Noticing |9 the look that Turlington cast at Launce, -Lady Win- jfl wood whispered to Miss Lavinia— who instantly . flj asked the young ladies to sing. Launce, in obedience '9J to a sign from Natalie, volunteered to find the music 'flj books. It is needless to aid that he. pitched on the ;flj wrong volume at starting. As he lifted it from the flj piano to take it back to the stand, there dropped out ;:flj from between the leaves, a printed letter, looking like jflj a circular. One of the young ladies took it up, and IflJ ran her eye over it, with a start. .|H ' The S'acred Concerts ! ' she exclaimed. :|fl Her two sisters, standing by, looked at each |9J other guiltily ; ' What will the Committee Bay .flj to us ? We entirely forgot the meeting last month.' jflj ' Is there a meeting this month ? ' ; ? They all looked anxiously at the printed letter. tflj ' Yes ! The twenty-third of December. Put it [flj down in your book, Amelia.' Amelia, then and jflj there, put it down among the engagenieRts for the jflj latter end of the month. And Natalie's unacknow- jflj ledged husband placidly looked on. jflj So did the merciless irony of circumstances make jflj Launce the innocent means of exposing his own |flj secret to discovery. Thanks to his success in laying |flj his hand on the wrong music- book, there would now (flj be a meeting— two good da^s before the elopement could flj take place— between the' lord's daughters and the .flj rector's wife ! [flj The guests of the evening began to appear by twos [flj and threes. The gentlemen below stairs left the din- ? !flj ner-table, and joined them. fflj The small drawing-room was pleasantly filled, and ;flj no more. Sir Joseph Graybrooke taking Turlington's ' jflj hand, led him eagerly to their host. The talk in the iflj dining-room had turned on finance. Lord Winwood \^M was not quite satisfied with some of his foreign in- iflj vestments: and Sir Joseph's 'dear Richard,' was [jflj the very man to give him some sound advice. The :flj three laid their heads together in a corner. Launce flj (watching them) slily pressed Natalie's hand. A jflj renowned ' virtuoso ' ' had arrived and was thundering :fll on the piano. The attention of the guests generally : flfl was absorbed in the performance. A fairer chance of flH sending iiaunce for the tan could not po&suuy; nave an offered itself. While the financial discussion was Btill -^flj proceeding, the married lovers were ensconced to- 4H gether, alone in the boudoir, ? 91 Lady Winwood (privately observant of their ab- ?? sence), kept her eye on the corner, watching Hichaid flH Turlington. , fBJ He was talking eamettiy— with -his back toward*^ flH %-ffli Jfll -, thw f^ipsny.-^Hfijneither mgvednor looked round. ' Mfl£t eaai^tojLjOTiyfip.yfooi.'a ium to, speak. He pre , ,;,,#ex7,ied tnesamepoBitidn^ listening. .Sir Joseph took ; ;^,the. conversation, next. Then ^Ms attention wan ;i,., '-$er^y^.'1^ew!]b^rprd»jBid what Sir Joseph Tirould \~0-a«y!: Bis eyes turned anxiously towards the place 1 iix which he had left Natalie.' L^rdwSnwood said a ,,''WOT-L',,JEshead turned 'hack again towards the cor . '? sicr. Sir Jpseph put ah objection. He' glanced once ' , more over hifi shoulder— this time, at the place in which . Launcehad been standing. The next .moment his '. ho6t recalled Ms attention, and made it impossible -for him to continue Tiis scrutiny of the room. At the ?' ,.'. same time two among the evening guests, bound for , ' ' another party, approached to take leave' of the ladv owf the house. Lady Wwwbod was obliged to rise and . : attend to thenu They had something to Bay to her ' before they left, and they said' it at terrible length; standing bo as to intercept her view of proceedings of the enemy. When she had got rid of them at last, she looked— and behold Lord yvinwood and Sir Joseph ?were the only occupants of the corner \ ; Delaying one moment, to 6et the ' virtuoso V thun dering once more, Lady Winwood slipped out of the loom, and crossed the landing. 'At tine entrance to the empty drawing^roem she neardTurlington's voice, low and threatening, in the boudoir. Jealousy has a second sight of its own. He had looked in the right place at starting— and, oh heavens! he had caught them. ,*..;?? : ? 'Her ladyship's courage was beyond dispute; but \- she turned pale as she approached the entrance to the boudoir. There stood Natalie-rat once angry and afraid — between the man to whom she was ostensibly en gaged, and the man to whom she was actually married. Turlington's rugged face expressed a martyrdom of suppressed ; fury. Launce— in the atet of offering Natalie her fan — smiled, with the cpol superiority of a man who knew that he . had won his advantage, and who triumphed in knowing it. ' I forbid you to take your fan from that man's hands,' said Turlington, speaking to Natalie, and pointing to Launce, ' Isn't it rather too soon to begin , ' forbidding ? '' asked Lady 'Winwood, good humouredly. 'Exactly what I say!' exclaimed Launce. .'It seems necessary to remind Mr. Turlington that he is not anarried to Natalie yet.' : Those last words were spoken in a tone which made both the women tremble inwardly for results. Lady Winwood took the fen from Launce with one hand, and took Natalie's arm with the other. *' There is your fan, my dear,' she said, in her easy off-hand manner. ?* 'Why do you allow these two barbarous men to keep you here while the great Boot ; mann is playing the Nightmare Sonata in the next room? Launce! Mr. Turlington! follow me, and learn to be musical directly I You' have only to shut you* eyes, and'you will fancy you hear four modern German composers playing, instead of one, and , not the ghost of a melody among all the four.' She led the way out with Natalie, and ? whispered, ' Did he, catch you ? ' Natalie whispered back, ' I heard him in time. He only caught us looking for the fan.' The two men waited behind to have two -words together, alone in the boudoir. ? ? ? 'This doesn't end here, Mr. Linzie ! ' . Launce smiled satirically. ' For once, I agree with you,' he answered. ' It doesn't end here, , as you ? Bay.' ???.?'' ' '. ' ' ' : Lady Winwood stopped, and looked back at them from the drawing-room door. They were keeping her waiting — they had.no choice but to follow the mistress of the house. Arrived in the next room, both Turlington and Launce resumed their places among the gUestB with ' the same object in view. As a necessary result of the scene in the boudoir, each had Mb own special re monstrance to address to Sir Joseph. Even here Launce was beforehand with Turlington. He was the first to get possession of Sir Joseph's private ear. Hib complaint took the form of a protest against Turling ton's jealousy, and an appeal for the reconsideration \- of the sentence which excluded him from Muswell Hill. Watching them from a distance, Turlington's suspicious eye detected the appearance of something ?unduly confidential in the colloquy between the two. Under cover of the company, he stole behind them and listened. . ' ' . . The Great Bootmann had arrived at that park of the Nightmare Sonata in which musical sound, produced principally with the left hand, is made to describe, beyond all possibility of mistake, thfe rising -rf the .,.. moon in a country churchyard, ? and a dance of Vam pires round a maiden's grave. Sir J,06eph, having no chance against the Vampires in a whisper, was obliged to raise his voice to make himself audible in answering and comforting Launce. ' I sincerely sympathise with you,' Turlington heard him say; ' and Natalie feels about it as I do. But Richard is an obstacle in our way. We must look to the con sequences, my dear boy, supposing Richard found us out.' He nodded kindly to his nephew; and, ' declining to pursue the subject, moved away to another part of the room. Turlington's jealous distrust, wrought to the highest pitch of irritability for weeks past, instantly associated the words 'that he had just heard With the words spoken by Launce in the boudoir, which had reminded him that he was not married to Natalie yet. 'Was there treachery at work, under the surface ? and was the object, to persuade -weak Sir Joseph to reconsider his daughter's contemplated marriage in a sense favourable to Launce? Turlington's blind . suspicion overleapt at a bound all the manifest im probabilities which. forbade|such a conclusion as this. After an instant's consideration with himself, he decided on keeping his own counsel, and on putting Sir Joseph's good faith then and there to a test which he could rely on as certain to take Natalie's father l-y surprise. 'Graybrooke!' Sir Joseph started at the eight of his future sonin law's face. «? My. dear Richard, your are looking very strangely ! Is the heat of the room too much for you ? ' *' Never mind: the heat? I have seen enough to night to justify me in insisting that your daughter and Launcelot Linzie shall meet no more between this and the day of my marriage.' Sir Joseph attempted to speak. Turlington declined to give him the opportunity. 'Yes 3 yesi your opinion of Linzie isn't mine, I know. . 1 saw you as thick as thieves together just now.' Sir Joseph once more attempted to make himself heard. Wearied by Turlington's perpetual complaints of his daughter and his nephew, he was sufficiently irritated by this time to have reported what Launce had actually said to him if he had been allowed the chance. But Turlington persisted in going on. ' I cannot prevent Linzie from ^ being received in this house, and at your *?.* , -sister's,' he said; 'but I can keep him out of my . . . wniBe in the country, and to the country let us go. ? I \- ^propose a change in the arrangements. Have you ,. anyengagement for the Christmas holidays ? ' ... - He paused, and fixed his eyes attentively on Sir Joseph. Sir Joseph, looking a little surprised, replied briefly that he had no engagement. .-. 'In; that case,' resumed Turlington, 'I invite jou ati to Somersetshire, and I propose that the marriage shall take place from my house, and not . fronvyoure. Dp you refuse?' ' It is contrary to the usual course of proceeding in such cases, Richard,' Sir Joseph began. ? *? Do yott'reluae?' reiterated Turlington. 'I tell you plainly that I shall place a construction of my own upon tout motive if you do.' 'No, Richard,' said Sir Joseph quietly. 'I accept.' Turlington drew back a step in silence. Sir Joseph had turned the tables on him, and had taken him by surprise. *' It will upset several plans, and cause some incon venience to the ladies,' proceeded the old gentleman. 'But if nothing less will satisfy you, I say, Yes ! I shall have occasion when we meet to-morrow at Muswell Hill to appeal to your indulgence under circumstances which may greatly astonish you. The least I can do in the meantime is to set an example of friendly sympathy and forbearance on my side. No more now, Richard. Hush ! the music ! ' It was impossible to make him explain himself further that night. Turlington was left to interpret Sir Joseph's mysterious communication with such doubtful aid to success as his own unassisted ingenuity might afford. The meeting of the next day at Muswell Hul hat* for its object— as Turlington had already been in formed—the drawing of Natalie's marriage settlement. Was the question of money at the bottom of Sir Joseph's contemplated appeal to his indulgence ? He thought of his commercial position. The depression in the Levant trade still continued. Never had his business at any previous time required such constant attention, and repaid that attention with so little profit. The bilk of lading had been already used by the firm, in the ordinary course of trade, to obtain possession of the goods. The duplicates in the hands of Bulpit, Brothers were literally waste paper. Re payment of the loan of forty thousand pounds (with interest) was due in less than a month's time. There was his commercial position ! Was it possible that money-loving Sir Joseph had any modification to propose in the matter of his daughter's dowry ? The bare dread that it might be so struck him cold. He quitted the house— and forgot to wish Natalie good night. Meanwhile, Launce had left the evening party be fore him — and Launce also found matter for serious reflection presented to his mind before he slept that night. In other words he found, on reaching his lodgings, a letter from his brother, marked *? private.' Had the inquiry into the secrets of Turlington's early life — xk-w prolonged over some weeks — led to positive results at last ? Launce eagerly opened the letter. It contained a report and a summary. He passed at once to the summary, and read these words : 'If you only want moral evidence to satisfy your own mind, your end is gained. There is, morally, ao doubt that Turlington and the sea captain who cast the foreign sailor overboard to drown, are one and the same man. Legally, the matter is beset by diffi culties ; Turlington having destroyed all provable connection between his present self and his past life. There is only one chance for us. A sailor on board the ship (who was in his master's secrets) is supposed to be still living (under his master's protection). All the black deeds of Turlington's early life are known to this man. He can prove the facts, if we can find him, and make it worth, his -while to speak. TtJnder what alias he is hidden we do not know.1 His own name is Thomas Wildfang. If we are to make the attempt to find him, not a moment is to be lost. The expenses may be serious. Let me know whether we are to go on, or whether , enough has been dene to attain the end you have in view.' Enough had been done — not only to satisfy Launce, but to produce the right effect on Sir Joseph's mind if Sir Joseph proved obdurate when the secret of the marriage was. revealed. Launce wrote a line direct ing the stoppage of the proceedings at the point which .they had now reached. ' Here is a reason for her not marrying Turlington,' he said to himself, as he placed the papers under lock and key. ' And if she doesn't marry Turlington,' he added, with a lover's logic, ' why shouldn't she marry me ? ' 