li'APinJ N-WS. I i-r -m Ue 7/-) it- Fei.-. — Iheaehoonei ];.ileu, OiOhiii: Qowan, for the Uiver ' D m. in lier passage down the Ha; to-dry iv-cr.cd l\vo sons of 3ii Fn«-hes, of Cii 1! .-di*n Castle Hotel, Gec! ^:-c- 'jii'-i Mr Vale, of 1'\ Swan slon-s'iiv.e;, jiclhoarue, from a canoe that, ha JS capsized. righted, and be coni^ v.* a tori ?}-£ sod. 1 hey had been ia tl«i' '-'.'a ?!-'voe hours and were nearly ox-:?.::.-??e-.l when Captain tJowa:'. r.r.v-.e iii- '.o them. The bixho;.), assisted by the vicar-genera!, Dr Fitzpahick, Archdeacon Slattery, the D. L1 . Baiiy, O'Callaghan. and Diiwoii::. b.'gan the blessing of SSt Mary's C!i\n\ili at- 10 o'clock to day. This having boon done, the doors * were thrown open, aud a , crowd, estimated' at between .000 and i 1 - -') persons, were present.; tiie church piv-stinted an attractive av ; ?iram*e At li o'clock a solemn p n i c I mass was celebrated by the bishop *'.:d vicar- general, the assign at prints being the Kev. Far nor Jv;i „? ry , deacon; Her. — 1-:1 worth, sub-deacon, and Arch deacon flattery, master of cere monies : the music of tlie mass (Morari's 12th) was splendidly ren dered. rather Kslly preached the opening sermon, and the benedic tion «-f tlie most blessed sacrament j concluded -the morning services. 15ei.ch W-.'KTH, !th February. — Mr Bnrh '.r, tin secretary ol ti?e Yackan dartuau shire. o :i rami t tad suicide Vest'. -rday morning by taking strychnine; tiic -^ase of the rash act is unknown. Sydney, 3rd Keb. — Tlie writs for tie general election will be issued on Tuesday. The Orangemen, it is said, are making preliminary arrangements iu order to secure rhe return of candidates of their part}''. I The Freeman's Journal, comment- j ing on tlie Governor's proceedings j in the Border duties difficulty, styles him 'a titled numskull.' ' The German Avar ship -- ymphe lias ar rived. In com ins: up the harbour site exchanged salutes ; the German Club will serenade the officers on Monday night. The members of the K owing Club intend giving the champion crew a public reception on their arrival from Tasmania. A steady rain fell through tlie night. Adhlude 3rd Feb. — The court of inquiry lias upset the Encounter I; ay election, and unseated both Mr lievnolds and Mr &vcrard.; Launcfston, 3rd February. — The judges sitting in banco refused Mr Millers application to dispense with certain formalities, so as to enable an injunction to be issued, restrain ing the Government from levying a railway rate, believing that no ?/ O special case had been made out for such extraordinary interference. Sandhurst, 5th Feb. — Kdward 'Wonell was killed in the tribute claim of the G. U. Company to night ; whilst working in the bottom of the shaft a bucket filled with stone fell from near the top on his head, and death resulted imme diately. Queenscltff, 5 th February. — Mr Singleton died suddenly this morn-, ing in an epileptic fit. Portion of a boat and four ours branded Black bird were picked up on the beach here this morning. Sydney, 5th Feb. — A proclama mation has been issued dissolving the Assembly. All the Ministers will be opposed when they offer themselves for re-election. The country press -strongly condemn the ^dissolution. The Annie Beaton irorn Adelaide, bound to Brisbane, has put in here for supplies. The steamer City of Hobart came into -? 1 a bour profusely decorated. There ' was a large assemblage ' at the ? rowing club-house to welcome the champion crews, on their return from Tasmania. The intention has been signified of sending a repre sentati ve crew to M elbourne — should a -champion gig race be proposed :8^bere. At ;a crushing which took i-lllllfiaee at Paxton and K tollman's \ Tambaroora, thirty tons of % J|^'he yielded 1700oz gold. Arraage | -^pnts have been made by which tlie Navigation Act comes into force * next April. hurst, 6th Feb. — Mr. Middl |j ing, the mining manager of No; C- *^kute ^10 Company, lias Ilk been committed by the coroner for Wtlie manslaughter of Wonell, who %was killed by a bucket of stuff falling *on him. The rope was insecure, ?J and had not been removed by the manager, as was shown by the evi ' * denee at rhe inquest. JIaV. Gth Feb. —An influential' . public meeting was held here to-day, at the Caledonian Hotel, for the purpose of considering what oppo :: siti.-»n should be against the policy of the Martin Ministry; a unani ?nous feeling of discontent «nd dis j satisfaction was expressed, and an | opposition to Mr. Phelps, the la-ej member, was determined uj ;--:i : Air. j J. li. Pollard, a merchant, is to h^. ] b -ought forward in opposition, al.-io : dr. W arbv ; bo!h g-:utl' mon are j go-;d speakers ; Mr. ! 'oil; mi Ins the , best chance; ' helps, it is will be nowhere. Whoever in id! the wide world wrote the foregoing! mythical account. A truthful digest of what was said will be found in our last. — Kd. Li.S. ) Sydney, tth Feb. — The Cricket Association has selected the follow ing from which an intercolonial eleven, to play at Melbourne, will be finally chosen : — K. Gregory, D. Gregory, A. Gregory. Bannermau, Coa*es, Docker, Faithful. H nd, Jones, Jellick, - 'atley, .Slu- rid.-m, and Thompson. Constable i Vivi v.u c:ij)tured the black who spea.- d JShe])heivl, near Bourke ; the pi isoner on his arrest, attempted to escape from the constable, and «as shot dead, A man, whose name is at present unknown, attempted in Casllereagh street, -o- lav, by shooting hiinsTf in the stomaeh. The steamer Saxouia became dis abled during the late gale, and made for Broken B?iy; two s- earners have been dispatched to :-ring her safely into harbour. The German serenade to the officers of the ^ ymphe pro mises to be a splcndcd affair; a steamer, conveving the members of ! the jrlee club and their frienils, is about starting from the wharf : the vessel lias a band on board, and is splendidly decorated with festoons of flowers, coloured lanterns, and wreaths ; hundreds of small craft are afloat, and a display of fireworks in the harbour forms part of the pro gramme of arrangements. Arrived: John Williams, mission ship, from the South iSeas. Normantqwn, (5th Feb. — A team ster named D4Arcy has arrived on foot from Cannon Creek ; during the [ late flood he had been detained with j three other drayman and the mail man thirty miles from Cannon Creek; several horses aud bullocks were drowned ; the mailman, among others, having lost his horse. Adelaide, 0th Feb. — The debate on the adjournment of the House has been postponed until Thursday, so as to allow the report of the select committee on the charges preferred | against the Attorney-General to be j brought up. Mr. E. Ward has given notice for to-morrow: — ' That this House declines to grant any ad I journment to the Ministry until the | charges against. the Attorney-General are satisfactorily explained.' The Government has arranged with the New South Wales Government that | the Murray duties shall be colleete i here under the old arrangement. Satisfaction is felt here at the amic able settlement of the National Bank squabble. The brig Alexandra, with Mr. Westcott's gold prospecting party for the northern territory, sails to-day. St. Arnmjd, 7th Feb. — The flue of the boiler of the Blink Bonny battery blew up to-day ; it was carried boJily up the hill thirty-five yards, knocking down a brick stack, removing a large tree, and plough ing up the ground the whole dis tance. No one was hurt seriously. Sydney, 7th Feb — The Govern ment are hurrying on the first batch of elections; those for Fast and West Sydney will take place next week ; the nomination for the Hume is fixed for 7th March, and the polling on 15th; Balranald nomination 7tli Ma»-ch, polling 2.3th ; the Murray nomination 7th March, polling *t Another man, whose name is un known, shot himself in Hyde Park last night. Twenty nominations have been received for the Bathurst Cup. Sir James Martin (Premier), Messrs Wilson, Buchanan, Barker, Begg, will contest the election in East Sydney ; Messrs Robertson (Colonial Secretary), Windeyer, Driver. Spear. Wearne, Veale, Thornton, and probable Dr. Lang, will be candidates for West Sydney. The German corvette Nymphe has left for Fiji, where she will meet two other German war vessels. About i 500 bales, of wool were offered to day, and about half were sold at late rates. Adelaide, 7th Feb — At a general meeting of the Adelaide Marine In surance Company, it was decided to carry on the business, and not amalgamate with any other office, fhe weather has become cool. Brisbane, 7th Feb. — H.M.S. Ba silisk arrived at Card well yesterdav. The captain reports that he boarded ;a schooner of about forty tons, off the port on the previous day which was subsequently towed into Rock ingham Bay ; the schooner proved to be a kidnapping vessel from the islands ; she was completely water ! jogged and had 5ft.. of water m her hold, which caus d the sea to break I completely over her; fourteen na j tives were discovered on board in ? various stages of starvation, also three dead bodies; ihf \vn;.te crew had either deserted ihe vessel or | been murdered by th * aaUved ; the j ' vessel was completely g uie.3, and j no clue could be ohnu.ied a to her; name or that of her owners. j Launceston, 7th Feb — i he Hon. j Mr. Wilson, Premier, was assaulted j last night at the international Hotel j by Mr. Murray Burgess, late in- j spector of northern schools. Mr ? Burgess went up to the Premier and struck him a blow in tlie eye, when ! several gentlemen interfered. S ? _ | — Prepni'a.'ions for the I uencral eleciions are proceeding quiitly, but actively. i'here will! I evident! v* be no dearth of candidates, ! i;nd almost every seat wlII b - hotly ' ; contested. It is reported that for, j;-ast Sydney, which returns four : members, the Ministerial candidates ] wiii be Sir .James Martin, Mr \Viison, j j ;r Buchanan and Mr George Thornton. Steps are being taken j to induce induce Mr Parkes to .stand for the East in the interests of the Opposition, with Mr J. L. Montefiore, the merchant, and two others. For West Sydney, which also returns four members, Mr Robert-son is the only Ministerial candidate yet announced with confi dence. The Opposition will pro bably nominate Mr Ifichard Driver, Mr Wearne, and Dr Lang, who in tends once more to enter the politi cal arena. It appears to be a gene ral opinion amonst the friends of the doctor that he has not been woll used in the matter of the principal ship of St Andrew's College, for which he has been an unsuccessful candidate. There will, probably, be a division in the ranks of the Orangemen of the city through the elections, which will greatly lessen the chances of success of the Minis terial candidates. The mercantile classes are also understood to be strongly opposed to the policy of the Government in reference to the Border duties, so that ministerial prospects are not so favorable in the metropolitan electorates as was at first supposed. — The Earl of Bel more is to leave for England by tlie Sobraon on the 22nd inst. — It was at one time supposed that it Avould be necessary to appoint an ad ditional judge to act during the temporary appointment of Sir Alfred Stephen as Governor, but it appears that this will not be necessary in consequence of the three remaining judges being equal to the work of the Supreme Court, which has greatly declined. — Sydney corres pondent of Age. M'Cauley v. Bethell, in the County Court, Melbourne, last week, was a case of some interest to poundkeepers. The plaintiff, a dairyman, sued the defendant, the -ulla poundkeeper, for damages for negligence in not having described a cow of his (the plaintiff's) properly previously to its being sold. Plain tiff's cow, branded PB on the near rump, was impounded. It was lame in one leg, one of the tendons having been cut. The defendant, in the advertisement describing the animal mentioned no brand and no lame ness. The plaintiff saw the adver tisement, but had no idea that it re ferred to his cow, which was sold at the pound to a third person for £4 -is. From this purchaser the plain tiff subsequently bought the cow for £(- 10s. The fees chargeable! by the poundkeeper amounted to - s. The defence was that neither the brand nor the lameness was visible | at the time of the impounding, j , Judge Pohlman gave plaintiff a verdict for £6 10s, with £8 8s costs. : ! --Age. I Mt. Gambier. — The hot weather ; culminated on Sunday in one of the most distressingly sultry days we have ever experienced here, and un till late in the afternoon it blew a I strong hot wind. Towards evening the wind fell and. there were some heavy showers which continued to fall at intervals up till Monday tore noon. .Heavy crops are reported to have suffered considerably from I the combined effects of the wind j and rain. In consequence of „the rain stripping was at a stand -still both yesterday and Monday. — ! Border Watch, Jan 24. j Valuable Discovery. — The Peak Downs Telegram says: — An inter esting and perhaps a valuable dis covery has been made on Wolfang station jusi at the foot of the Peaks. It appears that there is cropping out what appears to be an inexhaus tible supply of the finest table salt. We have seen a sample of it, and to j :'.'V ail outward appearances it is ready to be set 'bn the table at once; but unless our taste is mistaken there are other ingredients in it besides salt. We hear that a pavstil has been handed to Dr Taylor for analysis, and perhaps we may be able to tell more exacily what it is next. week. Collins Stukkv Chi kch. — Several oil c u:n stai » je s co: i curred to impart more i.iia.i ordinary j j interest to the services winch weiv j | held yesterday at the In i ?;.» 1 ,i. - | Church in Collins-stivct. L) snej first place, as it was a minister or ! the Presbyterian Church who oc cupied the pulpit, there was to a certain extent a manifestation o! that interdenominational good- will \ which is tending at. tbe present 1 time to draw the various sections of J Protestantism more closely together j by means of occasional exchange of pulpits. In the second place, the i minister referred to, the He v. Alex- j ander Morrison, now Presbyterian j minister at Clunes, was foiv.ierlv a minister amongst the independents, j and the fact that he preached yes terday to many who formed part of his own congregation in the old times ' shows that his transference of ministerial allegiance and ser | vice was made without sacrificing principles, and without causing anv lasting bitterness of feel ins: on the one side or on the other. But per haps the circumstance which most of all gave interest to the occasion consisted in the fact that well nigh thirty years have elapsed since Mr. j Morrison commenced his career as ; pastor of the old Independent j Church in Collins-street ; and he is at the present moment the oldest ; orH dating minister in the colony | At the morning service Mr. Mor | rison took for his text Titus 3, 5 ; j *' Not by works of righteousness i which we have done, but according l His mercy he saved us, by the i washing of regeneration, and re ! newing of the Holy Ghost.' It i will be seen at once from the text ; that the sermon was mainly of a theological character; anyone who ^ lias ever heard an evangelical ; sermon on the subject of regen eration will know the general j drift. The theme was the old fam ! iliar one ; but considerable freshness j was imparted to the treatment of it i by the illustrations which the | preacher introduced. Some of the illustrations were very apt and ; striking. Afrer describing, in the | words of a traveller, a desolate : scene in Iceland, where a violent I eruption of lava had swept away j from an extensive regie -n every ves 1 tige of human, animal, or even of vegetable life, he pointed to a spot on the face of a rock where a lichen was beginning to grow, and used the growth of that lichen, destined ; in the course of its gradual devel | opement to cover at length the | wh le scene of desolation with mould, and verdure, and beauty, as a symbol of the great but gradual renewal of human nature, which j commences from the moment when the germ of spiritual life has been planted in it by the spirit of God. Describing the nature of regenera tion, and desirous of differentiating it from either formalism or morality, he made his meaning admirably clear by a reference to the cold marble-like beauty which is some times seen in a human face, but which excites no attraction or ad - miration, for though each feature is perfect, the spirit of beauty is wanting. So is it, he said, in a human life — outwardly correct, but without that inbreathing of the spirit of God which shows the God-like Mr. Morrison's manner is vigorous and earnest, but entirely free from the pretentious affectation which many preachers introduce into their pulpit ministrations. If any of his hearers on Sunday came with the impression that they were about to hear one of the superannuated school, they would be agreeably disappointed, and would feel in clined to say of him, slightly paro dying well-known words, ' There's life in the old man. yet.' A squatter named Peter Tyson, residing atCorrong, near Hay, New South Wales, was brought' a distance of 300 mile-; for the purpose of pro secuting Robert Dunlop, a prisoner, charged with forging his name to a cheque of £45 i 0s. The case was heard in; the City Court, Melbourne on 6th instant The prisoner, it appeared, had been employed on the station as assistant storekeeper, and while there had access to Mr. Tyson's cheque-book and stamp, with which the cheques were mar ked. He was discharged some time since and came to Melbourne. On ; the 23rd ult. he went to the shop of Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co., jewellers Collins-street, and there purchased a silver watch for £11. He handed in payment the cheque for £45 10s. Mr Tyson having had dealings with Messrs Kilpatrick, and the prisoner representing that he had been in his employment, the cheque was taken and cashed. On presentation at the 13 ink of Victoria the forgery was I disc -vered and the cheque dis honored. The prisoner was arrested I l-y detective U'Callaghan on the j 2nd inst. at the shop of Cookson i aii i Brown. Be denied the charge, j saving it was a mistake. In his ! possession were found scraps of cheques bearing the name of P . Tyson. He had pawned the watch. He reserv- d his defence and was co'.nniitted for trial. — Age. A FitEAC in Citstoms. — Another ! illustration of the disastrous effects «jf the Border duties on this district was given tlie other day Mr. Harris traveller to Messrs Lazarus, came into Albury as usual to db business, and when that was done he to -k his departure. But lo ! the exciseman over the Border stopped him in his onward career and demanded the fees chargeable on some few packets of samples; the indignant traveller very natur ally turned round and retraced his steps to Albury, where he had no difficulty iu disposing of his samples, and returned to Victoria unmolested by the gentleman on the Border. There can be no doubt but that those goods brought over by Mr Harris from Victoria had already paid the 20'per cent ad valorem in Melbourne, and therefore for that reason, to seek to obtain a second 20 per cent, is about one of the . greatest pieces of highway robbery ! extant ; 40 per cent on goods ! ! What next ? — Border Post. ! A short time since a large railway waggon was constructed on the Bogie principle, at the William sfown workshops, as an experiment. This waggon or truck could be loaded up to eighteen tons dead weight , and since it has been in use on the different Victorian lines of railway it has been found to work so successfully that the Com missioner of Hail ways lias given orders for the construction of eleven others of the same size and pattern. —Age. The following extract is from Adventures and Researches in the Pacific. By a native mariner, printed in the Sydney Empire : — ' When the Lord of light and life, the first missionary martyr of the faith he was sent by the Great Father to promulgate, preached to the poor and needy, did he not begin his teaching by feeding the hungry and relieving the suffering ? Afterwards bidding them repent and believe, that their souls also might be redeemed from corruption and their sins be forgiven. He did not say to them, ' Build me a house wherein to lodge my wife and goods, bestow upon me lands, and also erect in each village a large church, wherein I may preach to you from a lofty pulpit, and in ad dition, buy the books which I keep for sale, and subscribe, give money (or hogs, or whatever you possess), to keeo the 'game going,' which I and my brethren have inaugurated.' On the contrary, His house was the dwelling of whosoever would re ceive him. His rostrum was a mossy stone, a grass-grown knoll ; a little boat pushed out a few feet from the land. His temple of ex hortation and pra3Ter, was the visible universe, which the Spirit of the Great Creator pervades and everywhere dwells in, and his teaching was to address that unseen, but accessible presence, alike in all places, in the crowded forum, the dusty highway, the merry cornfield, the decks of ships on the lonely sea in nature's wild And savag-e features, tbe untrodden height, The beetling precipice, the deep cold glen, The roar ot waters and the gloom of groves. When one considers this contrast one is tempted to exclaim — i Hex tremendae majestatis ! Qui salvandos salvas gratis. Can these pedlers of pens and pass books be apostles of thine ? ' Going by Steam. — Recently, two persons travelling on the road to Gotham (not where the wise men came from) in a waggonette, were smoking cigars, from the fire ot which some straw at the bottom ignited. The flames soon drove them from their seat j and, while they w£Ve busy in extinguishing the fire, a countryman, who had been for some time fol lowing them on horseback, alighted to assist them. 1 have been watching the smoke for some time, said he. Why then, did you not give us notice ? asked the travellers. Well, responded the peasant, there are so many new-fangled notions now-a-days, I thought you were going by steam. Ideal Happiness. — An old washerwoman who used to groan over her tubs, found con solation in the hope that 'she would soon be where clothes won't need washing, and a Door creature can upset her tub and dance on the bottom of it, singing glory halabaloo, for ever and ever.' 