THE FAMILY GHOST. CHAP. I. " I perceive," said my antiquarian cousin, loobking round upon us with a serio-comic g;la?ce of reproach, when he had concluded the recital of his Michaelmas visits, "that you are.an incorrigible set of giglots, to whom the misfortunes of an elderly gentle man only furnish food for mirth." "'I wishyou would restore us to gravity by telling us a good ghost story," observed my eldest sister. "Have I not amused you with my noc turnal adventures .at Irmingland 1Hall, my fair coz ?". "Yes, and I should have been well pleased ilf you had not thought proper to transform the spectre of the regicide Ireton into a black tom-cat. I hate such common place dcnouements and explanations of spiritual appearances; give me something not only exciting and mysterious, but unac countable," said she " Of all the alleged apparitions," observed my bachelor coutisin, "I consider those of family ghosts unaccountable." " Family ghosts !" exclaimed my mother, who was provokingly sceptical as to super natural appearances, " do you mean to as sart that the ghosts of a family party ever 'revisit the glinmpses of the moon' ?" "No, madlam," replied he; " with the exception of the glorious legend of St. Mar garet and her royal husband, Malcolm Canmore, coming to the assistance of the distressed descendants of their Scotch lieges two centuries after their death, and threshing the invading Danes at the battle of Larrgs, I never heard of ghosts aplpearing in company. They seem, on the cour-ary, to be ;ot' decidedly solitary habits. I mean by the term ' family ghost,' to describe a troublesome domestic spirit, who is supposed to haunt some old fashioned country mansion. "There is a degree of poetical justice in the belief that consigns the spirit of the mid night murderer to restless wanderings near the spot where his crime was perpetrated, but for one of these edyfying legends we have fifty stories, accreditod by a host of witnesses, of the useless and impertinent vagaries of those household . disturbers, family ghosts. " Now fiom what whim some defunct gentlewomaa, who had evidently attained to years of:discretion before she quitted herearthlly tabernacle, should take it into her immaterial head to exhibit herself, in her spectral hoop petticoat, powpered tozpee, and fly-cap, to the terrified serving.folk at the end of dusky passage or corner of gloomy apart ment of the mansion she once called her own, or wherefore a harmless, solitary, and possibly learned old bachelor, whose only recorded crime was the queer cut of his coat, or portentious flow of his wig, should trouble himself to return to this sublunary sphere for such senseless purposes, passes my com prehension. "Such legends have, however, a peculiar fascination in them, and many of them did I imbibe with unspeakable relish in my childish days. Albeit, ghostly lore was strictly forbidden in the nursery, yet did I, curious and disobedient as our first parents, nightly stipulate with my maid for a ghost story, as a condition for going quietly to bed at the appointed time; and the usual conse quence of the lorbidden indulgence was an ague fit of terror, still sleep brought me its forgetfulness of the horrors of Bridget's tale, or again renewed them in a dream. "But tile most thrilling delight I expe rienced in that way was, when 1 could, on the evening of the washing day, contrive to steal into the kitchen, and enscbnce myself comfortably between two of the water god desses, while they, with their assistant nymphs, the maids, were solacing themselves after the fatigues of -the day with a potent cap of Bohea, duly qualified with a proper quantum of gin, rum, or any other spiritous liquor it listed my mother to dispense to them. "Then when the tongues of maids and matrons were stimulated by this inspiring beverage, what romaunts did I not drink in, with greedy ears, and eyes whose expansion of wonder and horror threatened to rival the far-famed saucer orbs of some of the spec trums of which they. discoursed, till neither young nor old dared to stir a yard from the fire. " Not one of the conclave but was mis tress of sufficient presumptive proofs of the immortality of the soul to have staggered the whole school of French philosophers, with Voltaire himself at their head. Hume, Leibnitz, and Tom Paine even, if they had not believed, must have trembled, had they been present at some of our monthly recitals; and the Sadducees of yore could scarcely have resisted the strong evidences there pro duced of the existence of the spirit after the dissolution of its earthly tabernacle. "Years passed away. I became an in habltant of the great metropolis, too deeply engaged in the engrossing avocations of the realities of life, and sober professional studies, to be able to employ my thoughts on the visionary speculations which had formed the delight and terror of my child houd. "In the legal and scientific society of which I was now a member, a bolder person than myself would scarcely hare cared to encounter the ridicule which must have been the result of acknowledging a belief in a theory so completely exploded as that -of supernatural appearances. At length, re quiring a little relaxation from my profes. sional labours, and country air, I gladly availed myself of an invitation to pass some time with a cousin of mine, who resided in an ancient manorial house, in one of the eastern counties. Hero, though I had never before been within a hundred miles of this place, I recognised in some of the local legends, thereunto belonging, many of the wild and wondrous tales of my early days. " T'he headless black dog, and the spectral coach, drawn by six white horses, making its nocturnal rounds through the embowered lanes of an ancient park enclosure, and vanishing at cockcrowing in a flame of fire, was also said to haunt the demesne of a neighbouring nobleman. There was the same shrieking white woman, who was solemnly believed, in our village, to prog nosticate some matron's death in childbed, occasionally exercising her ill omened-pipes. While the malign saucer-eyed goblins that had terrified my infancy, were equally the dread ot all luckless truants, who suffered themselves to be overtaken by the shades of evening in green lanes and lonely church yard paths. In short, I might occupy several pages, were I to enter into the brief outlines of half these marvellous tales of spirits of the flood and field; but my text was the Family Ghost; and Oldenfield Hall, besides possessing a topographical in terest in all the hobgoblinry of a neighbour hood peculiarly abounding in witches, ghosts, and fairies, had the credit of being villanously haunted by one of those domi ciliary spirits, to whom vulgar superstition ' gives a local habitation and aname.' (To be Continued.) The revenue returns for the colony for the quarter and year endling the 30th June last were published in last week's Government Gazette. From them we learn that the gross revenue received on account of the year just closed amounts to £8,766,184 12s 10d, and for the three months terminating on the 30th June .last to £0990,722 3s 7d, showing an increase on the income for the year as com pared with the preceeding twelve months of £453,025 Os lid, and on the quarter as compared with the like period of last year of £172,993 13s 2d. It is announced that the Viscountess Canterbury has suspended her receptions at Toorak until:Tuesday, 29th inst. James Patrick Murray, of St. Kilda, L.R.C.S., MIelbourne, ex L.K.Q.C.P., Ire land, 1860, has been re-registered as a legally-qualified medical practitioner in the colony of Victoria. Messrs. Thomas Alston, William G. Murray, and the Hon. Robert Simson, will, unless reasonable cause be shown to the contrary, be appointed, within one month frobm the 12th instant, members of the local committee of the undernamed Common School-Blind Asylum, 1No. 922. " How are you, Broom ?" asked a bluff old sailor, of a fop who was always annoyed unless he was addressed as ri·. Broom, and who responded, "I'd have you to know, sir, that I've a handle to my name."-" Oh, all right! How are you, Broom-hAndle?" "Boy, what is your name ?"-" Robert, sir."-" Yes, but I mean your other name." -" Bob." A man who read that dry copperas put in a bed of ants would cause them to leave, put some in his mother-in-law's bed to see if she wouldn't go. He says she was there at last accounts. 