COUNTRY NEWS. WE learn from our Sandhurst correspon dent that at the City Police Court there on Tuesday, Mr. J. E. Wall, charged with falsely representing himself to be a medical man, was discharged by the Bench, as the chief witness against him stated that Mr. Wall had never "represented himself" to him as a doctor, though it appeared that he took his money and prescribed for him. ACCORDING to the M. A. Mail, the country in the neighbourhood of Castlemaine must be sufiering from drought. The Guildford cor respondent of the Mail writes :—" The want of rain is now being seriously felt. Miners cannot wash ; feed has dried up, and cattle (half starved) break into all enclosures where anything green is to be seen ; gardens are useless, all kinds of plants and vegetation being shrivelled and withered; water holes are dried up, and troops of little ones are seen for the first time in many years carry ing water ; farmers cannot plough; butter is scarce, milk not to be had, and everything becoming dear." A REPORT has been received from Mr. Dobson, chief engineer to the Water Supply Department, stating that the Smythesdale reservoir is at present, and has been for some time perfectly useless, the dam having been filled up with silt from the claims at Haddon. As a rich alluvial lead was sup posed to run through the reservoir, and it was wanted as a natural sludge channel for Haddon, Mr. Dobson recommends that the lease of the reservoir to the Smythesdale Borough Council should be cancelled, and that Mr. Locke's proposal for a sub-lease from the council should not be recognised. MR. EDMUND ROWAN, farmer, of Hopkins, and Mr. Thomas O'Mara, farmer, of Koroit, both old and respected residents, have, we re gret, met with fatal accidents from being thrown from their horses. Concussion of the brain was the immediate cause of death in each case. OUR Wood's Point correspondent writes: —"The lifeless body of an alluvial miner, named Patrick MuIcahy, was found by one of his mates, Mr. Michael O'Keeffe, on Thursday last. Deceased, who is believed to have been in liquor, must have fallen down four or five yards of an incline from the " Never Mind " race. The post-mortem examination dis covered a quantity of brandy in the stomach and some mucus matter which smelt strongly of tobacco. The deceased was a native of Mallow, County Cork, and about 53 years of age. His mates say that he ought to have £40 or £50, but no trace of it can be found. He was a man very much esteemed, being strictly honest and of a most cheerful and liberal disposition." A FATAL accident (reports the Star) oc curred on Monday afternoon to a man named Robert Whittaker, engaged on the Clunes water-supply storage works at Bullarook. The man was employed with others in the bottom of the cutting for the outlet works, when a fall of earth and stones took place, cutting him greatly about the head and smashing his left arm. A doctor was sent for, and all available remedies applied, but death took place in about twenty minutes. The deceased was unmarried. No blame at taches to any one. THE second annual exhibition of the Bal larat School of Design has been opened. The productions of the pupils, we learn from the Star, " are good in their way, and strongly indicative not only of successful tuition, but the making some day or other of really good artists." THE Alexandra Times reports that " the copper plates of Mr. Lewis's crushing ma chine, Durham Gully, were stolen on Sunday sight last." SOMETHING novel and substantial in the shape of wearing apparel (the Ballarat Star observes) has just been manufactured by one of the enterprising bootmakers of Bridge street, Ballarat. The article in question is a pair of black hide upper-leather waterproof trousers, strongly put together with good ce mented thread, whieh suggests the promise of some good service. The whole thing has been completed by the maker without the use of buttons or button-holes. The re quisites substituted are several prominent buckles, by which it is securely braced on to its occupier, who is so pleased with his choice that he has some thought of getting a coat of the same material. Of course the tailors will look upon this additional branch of leather business with a jealous eye, as it may be an introduction to the latest fashion for the ap proaching season. GIPPS LAND is promised a sum of £1000 if Mr. Grant can obtain it from Parliament, for the repair of the main line of road, the money to be placed at the disposal of some practical man with a view to its being ex pended, not on one part, but in such places as might be considered to need repairing. THE Castlemaine Representative states that on Saturday afternoon Sergeant Watson and one of the police found a man in the bush near Dina Flat in a state of nudity. He stated that his name was Ferron, the person who opened the celebrated reef of that name in the Fryer's Creek locality. He further said he had made £8000 in four years. The police took him in charge. It is supposed that the cause of his present condition was inebriety. THE oyster fishery in Stingaree Bay has been examined, and all is going on well. MB. W. G. ANDERSON, of Corio, is a suf ferer from a lot of half-starved curs. He has lost thirty-one sheep already by them. Some very valuable Lincoln lambs, from ewes lately imported by Mr. Josiah Austin, have also been destroyed on that gentleman's run, on the north shore, and other stockholders in the district hare been heavy sufferers from the same cause. DIPHTHERIA is reported as being prevalent at Daylesford. The Mercury states that numerous cases have occurred during the past week. A LAD named Stratton lately fell off a load of wheat at Baynton. The wheel of the dray passed over the boy's stomach, but he was not seriously injured. AT Springdallah a sow belonging to Mr. Charles Gillespie has given a litter of twenty two young ones. The animal is about eighteen or twenty months old. ON Saturday last, as a farmer named Patrick Lahey was delivering a load of straw at Scarsdale he fell off the dray and injured his spine. He was taken to tbe hospital, but no hopes are entertained of his recovery. BUNGAREE must be prolific in potatoes. Some grown from seed have been exhibited in Ballarat; one weighed close upon four pounds, and several out of seventeen from one plant more than a pound. SOME stupid person has been lighting a fire against the wheel of a large roller re cently purchased by the Leigh Shire Council, and has done considerable damage to the article. MR. BIRD, of the Amphitheatre, Avoca, has succeeded in growing sweet chesnuts. The Avoca Mail says that for size and general appearance they cannot be sur passed. ON the third of April, the wife of Mr. John Stephens, of Whim-holes, left her home. She was seen after this at Napoleon, but from that time has not been heard of. The woman was suffering from heart disease, and it is feared that some fatality has overtaken her. THE Geelong Advertiser reports that some excellent ironstone has been found by Mr. Irwin, the contractor, on Mr. Walter's farm at the Barrabool Hills. It is to be picked up in lumps as big as a good-sized cocoanut, and Mr. Irwin believes it would pay exceedingly well to work the mine, of the existence of which he is confident. THE total amount of the proceeds of the entertainment recently got up at Smythes dale (says the Ballarat Star) in aid of Messrs. M. Veal and J. O'Connor, the sufferers by the late fire in that town, was £25 12s., and the total expenses were £4 6s. 6d., leaving a net surplus of £21 5s. 6d. Mr. M. Veal having declined to accept any part of the proceeds, the surplus was handed over by Mr. Voss to Mr. O'Connor. ON Saturday evening the house of Mr. William Blake, Canning street, Carlton, was entered during his absence and £11 stolen from a chest of drawers. During last week the Boundary Hotel, at the corner of Hoddle and Hotham streets, East Melbourne, was entered by the cellar flaps being forced open. Money and jewellery to the extent of £20 or £30 was stolen, and a bank acceptance. The empty till was afterwards found on a piece of waste ground adjacent. A SINGULAR feature in connection with the burning of quartz is now observable in the engine-house of tbe North Cross Beef Company, Pleasant Creek, where the machinery has been lately erected. AH tbe bright steel parts have changed in colour to a beautiful bronze, caused by the fumes of tbe sulphur carried from the kilns. The bronze appearance now observable looks as though it had been effected by the bands of a skilful workman before leaving the manufactory. NUMEROUS letters have been lately missed which bad been posted at Castlemaine, and the Mail asks that the matter should be looked into. A BODY lately found in a sand hummock at Warrnambool turns out to have been the skeleton of a blackfellow. It now appears that the place was a burial field of the blacks, and that some hundreds of them were buried in the sandhills. A CASE of some importance to teachers of common schools has been just decided at Geelong. The Advertiser writes :—" At the February sitting of the County Court, a Mr. Presland sued Mr. Lennon, the head teacher of Flinders School, for work and labour done, to which Mr. Lennon pleaded a set-off for school fees due to him for instruction given to plaintiff's children. At the hearing Mr. Molesworth, instructed by Mr. Price, con tended that the set-off could not be received, as the statute vests the school fees in the local committee, and gives no power to the teacher to sue for them. His Honour Judge Forbes reserved his decision, but has now directed that a verdict for plaintiff be entered with costs, and that the defendant's set-off to be disallowed. This ruling in effect affirms that local committees only are empowered by law to sue for fees." THE town of Ararat at present is estimated at a net annual value of £12,500, the revenue for the past year having been £2540, of which £625 was collected in rates, at one shilling in the pound on all property assessed. There are 650 ratepayers in the borough rate book, 425 of whom are on the electoral roll. A MALE child, only about a week old, was picked up in Fitzroy street, Geelong, late on the night of tbe 12th inst. by the police on the beat. The child was exposed with very little clothing, though the weather was very inclement. THE purchasers of the wreck of the Sussex have been served, with a writ for £800 dam ages on account of the protestors' cargo, which was not included in the sale of the wreck. Fifty per cent. of the value of the goods is demanded as salvage. This is re fused, on the ground that the charge is extor tionate. £20 has been voted by the company who purchased the wreck to Captain Collard, and £100 to be divided among the three members of the committee of management. Mr. Belcher gives his share to the Geelong Hospital. SEVERAL conveyances passed through Stawell on the 12th inst., containing the goods and chattels of intending selectors, en route to the Horsham district. The travellers were from the neighbourhood of Mount Gambier, and carried with them building materials, galvanised iron, etc. They ap peared in good spirits, and confident that their change would be for the better. The progress of settlement in these districts is eminently gratifying, and is (says the Pleasant Creek Chronicle) viewed with the liveliest satisfaction by the residents of Stawell. FROM a telegram in the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, we learn that at the Albury Criminal Sessions, Carl Ebel, charged with an attempt to murder a whole family by ad ministering poison in a cask of wine conveyed by him to a neighbour's house for use at a birthday feast, was found guilty, and sen tenced to death. The jury recommended the prisoner to mercy. AN action of some importance was decided at Sandhurst on Friday last. It was settled, in the case of Pearson Brothers v. Lomasney, that any liabilities incurred before the incor- poration of a company can be recovered from the promoters of the company in question. THE Bendigo Advertiser, 13th April, says:—" At the meeting of the finance com- mittee of the council yesterday, during a dis- cussion on a proposition to erect a chapel in connection with the Sandhurst cemetery, a rather startling statement was made by the town clerk. It was stated that the sum of £800 had accumulated in the bank to the credit of the cemetery account, whereupon one of the councillors remarked that if the council had not many paying businesses, they had one, which was the cemetery. The town clerk replied that he was sorry to say the cemetery business paid too well, and he men- tioned that recently, during the summer months, extra grave-diggers had to be em- ployed, there being sometimes as many as thirty funerals in one week. This number varied considerably, he said ; one week there might be between thirty and forty, and the next there would be only five or six, accord ing to the weather. There certainly must have been some special causes for such a large number of funerals as thirty a week in one cemetery, for it must be borne in mind that the Back Creek cemetery is not the only one in Sandhurst, there being the White Hills cemetery as well, in which a proportion of the burials are made. It is satisfactory, however, to find that the extraordinary rate mentioned by the town clerk is not the average or regular rate of mortality in this district, which, as a whole, is considered to be one of the healthiest districts of the colony. A MAN named James Ross, aged thirty three, living at Beechworth, met with an ac- cident near Kilmore, which necessitated his removal to the Melbourne Hospital on Mon- day. He was travelling on foot, and the driver of a waggon consented to give him a "lift." Ross was getting into the conveyance, wlich was in motion, when he slipped from the shaft. The wheel of the waggon, which was heavily laden, passed over his right foot, and severely crushed it. TWENTY acres of land in Ballarat West have been temporarily reserved from sale as a reserve for the friendly societies. A FARM labourer, named Patrick Hughes, met with a severe accident while riding at Connewarre, on Saturday evening. He was returning from town, when his horse stumbled and he fell forward on the ground, receiving a wound on the left temple that penetrated as deep as the bone. On Sunday he was taken to the hospital, where his injuries were properly attended to. A PLUMBER and gasfitter of Ballarat, named Simon Dempster,committed suicide on Satur day night by shooting himself with a pistol. He had suffered recently from paralysis, and been in bad spirits. MR. RICHARD MORGAN, who for many years conducted the business of the Red Lion Hotel, Kilmore, is about leaving here for the purpose of going into the same line in or about Melbourne. Mr. Morgan carries with him the good wishes of numerous friends, and we may add ours, that he will be successful in the new sphere of his labours, as he is one amongst the few publicans who really con duct an hotel creditably.—Kilmore Free Press. THE Benalla Ensign states that a discovery has been made in the neighbourhood of Benalla. Some men recently employed by Mr. Robert Rutherford, of Benalla station, in sinking a dam and waterhole, came upon a remarkable bone at the depth of about 4 feet. In appearance the bone resembles a man's thigh bone, but it is 5 feet in length, and measures in diameter 14 inches one way, by 12 inches the other. It is the intention of Mr. Rutherford to obtain the bone, and send it to the Melbourne Museum for the benefit of science. It may also be remarked that some very curious stones were discovered in the neighbourhood of this mammoth fossil POTATOES have advanced from 20s. to 25s., with a brisk demand, and producers have not been slow to avail themselves of the im proved state of the market, the wharves being crowded with drays during the past week. The tendency of the market is upwards. —Belfast Gazette. To this the Warrnambool Advertiser adds :—A very large quantity of potatoes have been shipped within the last few days, as our shipping intelligence shows. The tramway has been kept fully employed, and on Saturday morning we noticed about fifty drays all laden with potatoes, waiting for their turn at the tram way terminus. The recent rise in price has put farmers in rather better spirits. Besides the potatoes sold in Warrnambool, a good many have been shipped this season on com mission. The crops have been so large that there must be still a great quantity of potatoes in the district. A NEW lead of gold has been struck on the Goulburn close to the township. The pros pectors obtained 3oz. 2dwt. 3gr. for five days' work. No. 2 South bottomed this morning, and got 22dwt. from three tubs of stuff. The sinking is from 10ft. to 20ft. To the Geelong Volunteer Artillery must be accorded the praise of having been the first volunteer corps to patronise native in dustry. The Victorian Woollen Mill Com pany have just turned out a fine specimen of what is technically known as blue diagonal, which has been specially made for the uni forms of the corps named. THE vintage in the Geelong district is now nearly over, and the yield will fall far short of what was expected. The falling-off has been caused by frosts, blight, and birds destroying the grapes. It is estimated that only one-third of the quantity of wine made last year will be obtained in the present season. The greatest failure has been in the vineyards on the Moorabool River. The Sweetwater variety has been a complete failure, and will generally be rooted up to make way for a sort which will yield good wine, although less suited for the table. Some of the vineyards on the Colac road have fortunately escaped the ravages of the pests referred to. AN election of a councillor for the south ward of the Newtown and Cbilwell muni cipality took place on the 12th inst. There were only two, Messrs. Metcalf and Batten ; both were ex-councillors and eligible candi dates. The following was the state of the poll at the close :—Batten, 151 ; Metcalf, 91. BACCHUS MARSH says, in its Express, that its freestone is a good serviceable article. Why it has suffered in reputation in connec tion with our public buildings is that, though the stone is good enough, the climate of Mel bourne is too bad. THE Mortlake Dispatch exults over its nigger, the celebrated aboriginal athlete Pompey, who, it says, completely astonished the residents of Geelong when the Friendly Societies' fete took place. One journal re marks that Caesar he should be styled, for he came, and saw, and conquered. The white men had not a ghost of a chance with him, and pale-faced muscular Christians for the nonce took a back seat as far as running and jumping were concerned. He just won as he liked. MR. GALE'S monster balloon, recently con structed at Sandhurst, was lately removed to the Bendigo Hotel. It was placed in the old billiard-room, and carefully rolled up. One morning when Mr. Gale went in, for the pur pose of inspecting the balloon, he found that it was smouldering, and very soon would have burst into flames. Between three and four hundred yards of the material were destroyed before the fire was extinguished. Mr. Gale attributes the origin of the combustion to the use of Chinese vermilion, with which a portion of the balloon was painted. The damage is estimated as £30 or £40. THE man Gunnyon, who was lately killed at Sandhurst, by some person or persons un known, while he was drunk, has left a wife and five children without a shilling. She had reached Sandhurst from Ballarat in a most distressed condition. 