THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH. We have been favoured with the annexed copies of telegrams, received by the mail from Galle, giving information as to the progress of the Northern Territory sections of the Overland Telegraph. . The informa tion they contain is of the most gratifying character, and justifies the belief that in the course of a few days communication across the continent will be established. On May 10 the line was in working order between Palmerston and a point 300 miles inland, and but for a compara- . tively small gap between two sections mes sages could have been sent over a much longer stretch of wire. According to the latest telegram, which awkwardly enough bears no date, but was evidently dispatched from Port Darwin about the 10th of May, the Superintendent of Telegraphs calculates that by the middle of the present month of June not more than 150 miles would remain unconstructed. Mr. Todd himself is to start to-day upon his long journey overland: — No. 1.— Mr. Little to Mr. Cunningham. Port Darwin, April 14.— Arrived with Bengal to-day. Expect communication with Catherine and end of wire hourly. Repairing party pro gressing rapidly, and will reach Catherine in a few days. Mr. Todd will be here in about a week. All well. No. 2. — Mr. Little to Mr. Cunningham. Port Darwin, April 19.— Communication with Catherine restored yesterday. News very good, line completed and open for 50 miles beyond Catherine. Gap of 35 miles only between Rutt and McLachlan. Burton erected 15 miles poles before wet season commenced, and then camped at Daly Waters. No news from him since. Despatches not arrived from Attack Creek yet. Mr. Todd expected here daily from Roper. No. 3.— Mr. Todd to Chief Secretary. Roper River, April 5— Bengal sails to-day for Port Darwin. Knuckey arrived at the Roper from Attack Creek March 7; visited on the way McLachlan and Rutt's parties, but missed Burton, being unable to follow his tracks owing to boggy country. He was unable to cross the Strangways for a month owing to heavy floods. Line nearly completed to lat. 15° 30'. Knuckey takes charge of Rutt's section. Weather now fine, and large number of teams have left. King started to establish express service. Work will be pushed forward with all vigour. Have purchased 1,000 more sheep from Millner to save cartage of rations ; 300 left McLachlan's Camp for Burton's in February— all well. Shall be at Port Darwin middle of April. No. 4.— Mr. Todd to Mr. Cunnirgham. Port Darwin, May 10.— Telegrams received all well. Start overland from Roper 1st June, reach Attack Creek end of month, and shall push on. No. 5.— Mr. Todd to Chief Secretary. Port Darwin. — Arrived at Port Darwin May 9. Long voyage. Leave next week. Purchased 50 tons coal from the Alexandra. Line working well from Port Darwin south, 300 miles. Will be completed to , lat. 17°, 430 miles, in five weeks, leaving gap of only 150 miles, which will be covered in two days by horse-express. Strong force concentrated. Forty-five teams left Roper. Knuckey taken charge Rutt's section. All well. THE SUPREME COURT.— The Court was occupied on Friday with arguments on the pleadings in the case of Regina v. Lewis (the libel case). We had arranged to get copies of the pleadings on which the argument turned. Not having got these, we defer our report of what took place. The argument had not concluded when the Court rose, and the further hearing was adjourned till Wednesday next. Should the demurrers then be overruled the case will come on for trial on the following day. If, however, the Court support the view taken by the prosecution it is probable that an appeal to the Full Court will ensue. THE PROVINCIAL GAS COMPANY.— A meeting of the shareholders of the Provincial Gas Com pany was held at the Secretary's office on Friday, May 31. There was a good attendance, and Mr. W. H. Charnock presided. The Hon. J. Crozier, M.L.C., was elected a Director in place of Mr. N. Oldham, who resigned. The Chairman congratulated the shareholders upon the prospects of the Company, and said he believed they would be able to supply gas as cheap and as good as the South Australian Gas Company, and he considered the public would support them. He was sure the Company would do all consistent with its own interests to accomodate the consumers. Mr. J. Fisher said the fight was just commencing between the two Companies, and mentioned that the Direc tors relied upon each shareholder to use his influence in getting consumers to tack onto their mains. Their operations had led to a re duction from 14s. to 10s. in the price of gas in three or four months, and if the other Company could pay dividends with their mains so widely and unprofitably distributed, he believed that their Company, having the concession to light three of the streets, could secure a profit to them. He concluded by expressing every con fidence in the prospects of the undertaking. The meeting then closed. ACCIDENT TO MR. PITTS.— It is reported by the Northern Argus that on Thursday Mr. Pitts, the General Manager for Mr. C. B. Fisher, was passing the ford at the south entrance of Clare when a pin dropped that fastened the pole of his vehicle, and one horse thereupon struggled and got away. A valuable mule also broke her thigh, and had to be shot. Mr. Pitts was thrown from the trap, got a slight hurt on the shoulder, and a knock on the top of the head, scraping off the hair from the injured place. The conveyance was much smashed, and after Mr. Pitts had taken a short rest, he proceeded on his journey in Mr. Emery's trap. WOOL— From Messrs. R. Goldsbrough & Co., Melbourne, Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. received on Friday, May 31, the following late informa tion respecting the state of the wool market in London: — 'Greasy 1½d., washed 2d. to 3d. lower.' LECTURE. — On Friday evening a lecture was delivered by Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., on 'Tennyson and his Poems,' before the Hindmarsh-square Young Men's Society, in the schoolroom ad joining the Congregational Church. There was a good attendance, and the address was thoroughly appreciated. Recitations were well delivered by Messrs. A. McDonald, J. Fitch, W. J. Dawkins, and S. J. Whitmore. READINGS BY THE REV C. CLARK.— On Friday evening an entertainment was given in White's Room, consisting of readings by the Rev. C. Clark, and a selection of music rendered by the members of the Stow Choir. Dr. Gosse took the chair, and in his introductory remarks ex plained that they were met to assist in raising funds for the erection of a schoolroom and class-rooms in connection with the Stow Memorial Church. In furtherance of this object the Rev. C. Clark had kindly consented to give them some readings, and the Stow Choir would assist by singing various pieces. The Choir then sang 'Sweet in the Hour of Rest,' and the 'Prayer' from ' Der Freischütz,' and were heartily applauded. The first reading of the Rev. C. Clark was from Tennyson's poem of 'Enoch Arden,' and was a feeling rendering of the story of the lonely Arden's return from the island of the Southern Sea, and his stealthy visit to look upon his wife and children, inexorably separated from him in their new home. 'The Savoyard's Return' was next sung by Mrs Peryman in a manner which elicited great applause from the audience. The Rev. C. Clark followed by reading 'Mr. Guppy's Pro posals.' The rev. gentleman selected the three scenes from 'Bleak House' of Mr. Guppy's first declaration, his subsequent retractation when Miss Sommers called on him after her illness and his second proposal and rejection, and the reading, which was excellently given, afforded a large amount of amusement. The rendering of the duet, 'Oh mays't thou dream of me,' by Miss Thomas and Mrs. Peryman, called for an encore, to which the ladies kindly replied by singing the lively little song. 'The Two Cousins.' The Rev. C. Clark next read from Longfellow's poem of 'Miles Standish ' selecting the part describing John Alden's embassy. The song, ' Alas, those chimes,' fol lowed, pleasingly given by Miss Thomas, who was warmly applauded. The last reading was from Dickens's Christmas piece— 'The Ghost Story'— and gave the author's moving descrip tion of 'Christmas at Bob Cratchit's.' The story was read in a very telling manner, moving the audience at times to great mirth, and anon almost affecting them to tears. Mr. Clark, of whose reading the audience thoughout had manifested great appreciation, resumed his seat amidst prolonged applause. The duet, 'The Happy Policeman,' closed the programe, and was sung by Mrs. Peryman and Mr. J. W. Daniel in their well- known excellent style. After votes of thanks had been proposed by acclamation to the Chairman, the Rev. C. Clark, Mr. Shake speare for his musical direction, and the singers, the meeting came to a close by singing the National Anthem. PEDESTRIANISM EXTRAORDINARY.— Attention has no doubt been generally attracted by the advertised programme of pedestrian sports arranged to come off to-day on the grounds atached to the Exhibtion Building. There appears to be abundance of competition in all the open events, and the fact that the handicap ping has been undertaken by Mr. J. M. Borrow will be convincing that fairness has been aimed at. Every arrangement seems to have been made for the comfort of visitors, of whom there will pro bably be no lack, several of our leading schools having signified their intention of being present en masse. We do not anticipate that any of our colonial youth will enjoy the distinc tion of thrashing the 'champion runner,' but if nothing else was to be seen but Mr. Hewitt's performances a visit to the ground would well repay the trouble and cost. The sable com petitor for pedestrian honours, who, by the way, is a prince or potentate of some sort among his own people, is undergoing preparation by experienced bands and under the auspices of Mr. Holland. We hear his powers highly spoken of, but at present the aboriginal is decidedly 'a dark horse.' That Hewitt is depending on the public favour for his support is shown by the fact that he gives up the cup which is offered as the prize for the winners of the various handi caps in which he is concerned to the second men. This resolves the races into a match between local men, with Hewitt's London form thrown in as a honne bouche. DAY PERFORMANCE.— We may remind our readers of the afternoon entertainment in White's Room, when the Pantoscope will be exhibited, and a concert given by the Draeger Family. The Company will also appear in tho evening, members of the Lisdertafel leading their assistance in tho rendering of musical illustrations to the panorama. FATAL OCCURENCE. — On Saturday Mr. Charles Wall, a brother-in-law of Mr. Chewings, J.P, of Woorkoongoree, and well known in the neighbourhood of the Burra, whilst driving in his dray from Redruth to Hampton, fell out and sustained such severe injuries that he lingered three days in great pain, and died on Tuesday. The vehicle, it is supposed, went over a large stone, and deceased, who was probably riding on the rail, was thrown out and fell on his neck. He has left a widow and large family. DANGEROUS SNAG.— A snag in the Lake near Pomond, exactly in the course of the steamers, if not removed, is likely to be a source of danger. The Southern Argus says:— 'It is visible in the daytime, but of course cannot be seen at night. It would be much better if the Government were to take advantage of the low water, and employ the snagboat in removing such obstacles as these, instead of letting her lie idle at Goolwa.' CLERICAL.— It is announced elsewhere that Mr. G. L. Surber, of Melbourne, will preach in the Christian Chapel, Norwood, to-morrow night. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN DELABOLE SLATE COMPANY.— On Friday afternoon, May 31, a meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at Temple-Chambers, Mr. Henry Brown presiding. The reports and balance sheet were read and adopted. The Hons. T. English and H. Mildred, Messrs. C. Farr, Wi Bundey, J. S. Bellhouse, E. J. Woods, and H, Malpas were appointed Directors; and Messrs F. Wicksteed and W. Kay were re-elected Auditors. Athletics. — We publish below the entries of the athletic sports to come off this afternoon in the Exhibition Grounds. The sports will com mence at 2 o'clock:— Boys' Race (under 14 years)— H. Burnett, R, Vine, G. Giffen. 100 Yards Handicap Flat Race— F. S. Hewitt; scratch; F. Goodfellow, 11; J. MansoB,, 9; j! Owens, 6; W. S. Harvey, 7; W. Higgins, 7; H. F. Peacock, 12; W.Tunstall, 13; J. Henderson, 14; D. O'Leary, 14; W. Bennett, 16 jJ. Morcooij 9; Davey (aboriginal), 16 yards. Walking Match, Two Miles— H. E. Wilson, 50 yards, L. P. Lee, scratch; F, F. Needham, 140 yards; H. Hawkes, 160 yards. 200 Yards Flat Race-F. Goodfellow, 10; W. Higgins, 6 yards; J. Owens, scratch; J. Man son, 9; W. Tunstall, 13; W. S. Harvey, 4 yards. Quarter-Mile Flat Race— F. S. Hewitt, scratch; W. S. Harvey, 28 ; W. Huggins, 30 ; J. Manson,, do.; W. Tunstall, 35; J. Henderson, 40 ; D.r O'Leary 38 yards. 200 Yards Hurdle Race—Prince Chowilla (aboriginal), scratch ; F. Goodfellow, 28 ; W. S. Harvey 12; E. James, 18; J. Manson, 15; J. W. Sanderson, 20 yards. 100 Yards Match for £50—F. S. Hewitt and Prince Chowilla. Half-Mile Flat Race-C. Goodfellow, 35 ??? H. Veale,30; J. Manson, scratch; D. O'Leary, 60 ; C. Sigmont, 50 ; Davey (aboriginal), 70; H. Hawkes, 40 yards. RECOVERING MISSING FRIENDS.— In illustra tion of the use of advertising for missing relatives, the Daily News of Otago tells us that a Dunedin solicitor was, some time ago in structed to ascertain the whereabouts of a young man who was wanted to return to Britain; but the youth had left New Zealand and gone to Victoria. An advertisement was sent to the Argus, and the result will be seen from the fol lowing extract from a letter received from him by last mail:-'I have just read an advertise ment in an Argus several weeks old, requiring me to send my address to you. I have been working at jobs connected with a new railway and work is here apparently both scarce and of short endurance when obtained. I am travel ing up the bush at present out of anything to do, and write this at a roadside store, where I bought some tea which was wrapped in a scrap of torn newspaper, containing the advertisement in question." THE GRASSHOPPERS OR LOCUSTS.—These pests are stated to be ravaging the neighbourhood of Bletchley and Woodchester. One farmer on killing a fowl found about 250 of them in its crop. 