TUB TRUE METHOD OF 1 EDUCATION. A lecturo was delivered on this subjeot in tho Town Hall last evening by Mr. James Smith, the chair being occupied by Mr. Ross. Tho chnirmnn, in introducing the lecturer, stated that tbo paucity of atfondancs was owing to the limited notico which had been given, and explained that for certain reasons it had not been possible to postpone tbo delivery of the lecture to a moro remote period. He thought at this time, when there was o war goiug on between tho ad herents of religious nud secular education, tho subject to be discussed that evening was a most opportune ouo. Mr. Smith commenced by skying that the present uctiou of education was to pour something into the human brain instead of evolving somothiug out of it — to fill it in fact with other mon'o ideas — to mako it a dust- heap instead of n uarden. People who took this erroneous view of education found tho work of teaching laborious and un fruitful, whereas, if they would but work harmoniously with nature, the ro- suit would bo a delightful ouo. 11 nature wore taken as tho model, tho theories of standards of education and pay mont by results would sooii be done away with. Ha would submit to the reason of his audionco tho true method of education, and would beg them to weigh and sift what wan put before thorn after thoy had laid aside nreconcoived opinions aud time-honored prejudices, No man hoped for a harvest without sowing the seed, and so it was with tho human mind. Thoy should look for in- structiA and example to nature, for tha humanpTantandthovogctableworeanalogons. Plants according to their variety require dit ferent soifa aDd situations, and nature tole rated uo interference with or transgression of her laws. As great a difference existed be tween one human mind aud another ao be tween a hollyhock and a vosobuoh as between tho vino and thu weeping widow. It would ho seen, therefore-, how erroneous, and in many inotancea dustrnctivc, it wa3 to have ono ay Btcm of education for all mir.ds. Na ture was tho benignantteaeher whohbld outan open volume, so that all who rati might read. I.( this simplo truth were only apprehended, human beings would regard their present functions of instruction as being fraught with folly. Schoolmasters and university authorities arm content to placo 50 or 100 human plr.ntn in a common forcibg frame, to water tho Boil with artificial mnunre, and to expose them in season and out of saason to tho fieroo rays of a burning sun. Some of tbo plants sncoumb early, others arrive at a sapless youth or a weak middle life, but fow grow up under 'the eo-oalled Jsyttem of mental culture. A look iulo naturo would teach theschoolmaatorthatoneformof culture does not suit, all minds, and as no two minds avo oimiiar, each requires a separate study, a specific mode of cultivation. How is it that education is repulsive to tho young ? In nature a flower fs not seen avoiding tho Bun- shino or tho shower, but then tho gardener doss not drenoh it with artificial manure, or expose it to tho glare of unsoasonablo boat. This is, however, done to the human mind, and contrary to the express teachings of common eenso. Ono of tho necessary con ditions of vitality was a healthy spine, and yet the primary aoliou of tho schoolmaster went to cripple tho spine, by makiug his pupils sit so many hours a day upon a hard form iu a bad atmosphere, while tho brain was stimulated by food loathsome in flavor nud iuuutritious in quality. Tho result of this systom of edu cation was that many a precocious child was destroyed, and many ontorcd ujron life with enfc'oblod brains and crippled spines. Young people thus had a craving for oxcite- rocnt, dram-drinking, and tobacoo-smokiiig. They married, and transmitted to their oil- spring a deteriorated nervous system. If it were known that in our educational in s'itinions tl.o master sought to oripple tho pupils by breaking their legs and arms, public liitligcauuu would be aroused, but tbo crip pling of tho mind was fostered by Govcrnmout and nuqniesond in by tho people. Tho de struction to limb was only felt for a timo, and was not heeded when tho human being was distributed into water, carbonic noid, and ammonia. The injury to tho mind lastBd for ever. The child was not ouly hindered in this life, but its progression was retarded in tho uext. No ohild ought to lib t vtrustcd to a hireling instruotor until it had readied iho age of ton years. Every mother guided by maternollovo was able to educate her offspring up to that age. It was the mother's happy privilege to in struct tho young during tho most plastic period of llioir lives. Tho study oi tho early lives of the greatest bc-uefao- tors of our race, of tho luminaries in philo sophy, art, science, literature, statesman ship, geographical discovery, will show what an insignificant portion of them owed auy part of their mental growth and develop ment ovon nominally to schools or univer sities. Tiiv.se, as at present constituted, choke up tbo mind and destroy its natural fertility. T.'tmy (ill it with other men's ideas, aud prevent the spiinqing up of nrigiiial thought. The miud should bo a fountain, not a reservoir, and yot confessedly thero wrs nothing so rare aB originality in these modern times of multiplied books, intellectual cramming, and uuiveisalmodiourifcy. Modem England with its twenty five millions and America with its thirty-eight millons of people produced fewer original minds than Athens with Us 50,000 free incu. Even thoso who pass for original thinkers novr-a-days aro iu many inatanoea uiido'.octed copyists, canning plagiarists, and sorvilo imitators. Shakapeare was taken at an oariy ago from schooi to help in his father's household. Bunyau was an unlettered tinker. Byron was cured from brain distortion by an attack of Eoarlot fever whioh necessitated his ro-i moval fiorn school, and Scott owed his early freedom to a similar cause. Burns owed moro to tho old woman who tallied of ghosts and brownies than to the schoolmaster. Ho garth and Gainsborough liegleoted their iitudies to sketch and soribble. Tbe first princ'plo .of knowledge as defined by the anoicnts was, " know thyself," The dis ciples of Socrates nnd Flato learned to know themselves, and discovered the im perative necessity of obedience to tho laws of their being, and in that obedience found poifcct happiness. Con trast tho education of the anoipnt Greek with that existing in modern E&glnnd.; If Socrates, Plato, Epaminoudas, orThemistoolos wore to roviBit thrTearth, there could bo no doubt what would bo their reception. What smart leaders would be written to prove that they wore droamore, and benighted oppo nents of tho modern maroh of enlighten ment, ifjwjlioh everybody kuozs everything, and society Hets up a sclf-oomplacent bray over its own omnitcieneo. What frequent paragraphs would ba projected from tho daily and weekly popguns against the foolish innovators for presuming to assert that nature's laws were wiser than man's. There wero some, however, who rejected tho dead food put into their mouths, and who smashed the colored spectacles metaphori cally furnishod by tho master, and through which they wore told to examine nature. Thesp woro tbo dull, obstinate hoys ; but who wero generally tb% encs to shine when thoy bad loft school, and whoso intellect budded and blossomed when they had esonped the thraldom of tho pedagoguo. The consideration of those things taught that thero was something radically wrong in the present system of educaslon. Oar schools are fall of boys and girls done to death because the teacher refuses to acknow ledge a healthy spina as one of the first re quisites of lifo. The lunatic asylumB wero filled with those whose malady could be at tributed to the undue stimulation of the cerebral organs in tho sohoolroom. They should get back to nature ap soon as possible, and no false pride or expense should hiuder them from returning to the right prin ciples of eduoation. Bodies should not bo crammed nor minds either. The true work tff tbe teaoher was to evolve aud educe the mental oapacities of the intelleot — to make it secrete ideas Independent of men who lived and died years ago. He concluded by hoping the words ho had spoken would bear prac tical and fruitful action. On the chairman asking if any one pre sent wished to make any remark, Mr. Staff stated he differed with tho lecturer in bis opinion about maternal in struction. He had travelled through the agricultural and manufacturing districts of England, and had seen thousands of mothers who did not even know what bodily food, muoh less mental, to give their ohildren. Mr, SiDFORP pegged a vote of thanks to tho lecturer. This was scoor.ded by Mr. Manns, who, whilo acknowledging the truth of all that had been said about tho defects of schoolmasters, pointed out that they wero obliged to continue in tho boatoB track or give up their means of Buhsistonce. Tho motion was carried, and the proceed ings terminated. 