LOO ALN E \V S . The Game Act. — As most of 'our sportsmen aro no doubt aware, the Close months of tho year will expire this day, and to-morrow will intro duce tho shooting season. Wbslbyan Sabbath School — Special sermons in connection with the anniversary of tho Wes leyau Sabbath School in this town wore preached last Sabbath, by tho ltev. It. Oaldwell, there being a good congregation present on each occasion. In the afternoon of tho day the children were in which they had been instructed for their test. Tho lessons and course of examination ranged, of course, over portions of the Old and Now Testa ments, as wull as of the initiatory and .advanced catechisms, 'i'iis repetition of the different lessons by tho scholars was not very correctly done, as a rule, throughout tho examination, but what spoko more highly by far, on hohalf of tho teachers and tho taught, than if such had been the case, was tho fiiet that tlio correct answers given to nearly all the questions and cross- questions to which tho children woro submitted proved that their minds were largely stored with an intelligent und well-grounded knowledge of all thoy had professed to learn. Tlio hymns' sung at tlio examination, as woll us at tlio services during tho day, were entitled 'Sabbath Morn,' 'Homeward Bound,' 'No Parting There,' ' Watchman tell us of tho Night,' ' Like mist on the Mountains,' and ' My Father-land.' Tho singing throughout was roally excellent, and, with tlio exception of slightly too great a strain being put upon somo of the higher notes here and there, tho manner in which sevonil of tho hymns woro sung would have done credit to any of tho leading Sabbath Schools in tho metropolis. Dk. Biuciht's Piiosphodyxb. — Multitudes of Peoplo aro hopelessly sufluring from Dobility, Novvous and Liver complaints, Depression of Spirits, Delusions, UnfitnosHfor Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitudo, Want of Power, &c;, whose c;ises admit of a permanent cure by tho new remedy i'iiospijodyne (Ozonie Oxygon), which at onco allays all irrit ation und .excitement, imparts new energy and lifo to tlio enfooblcd constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers throughout tho Colonies, from whom Pamphlets containing testimonials may be obtainod. «p5' Caution. — Bo particular to ask for ' Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno' as imitations aro abroad. ')'',.'?.? '.'???;?. ' ' ?? '?:?'.-??''''? ' - ? ? .TouitjfAi.isjr at Siioalhaven\ — Wo understand that tho requisite plant und handicraft for tho issue of u newspaper at Nowra, 'uudor tho title of ' Thu Shoalhnvcn and Ulladullsi Sentinel,' was convoyed by tho stomnor southwards on Saturday last. It is stilted that tho now organ thus alluded to will bo issued weekly, Mr. Spon'cur Cornford, lute co-parcner in the ' Iljawarrn Banner,' being the propviotov and publisher. The ICkmula.-— Tho ICombla stcumor arrived at Wollongong yesterday morning, from Molbonrne, Port Albert, Eden, and Mcrimbulu, with a large quantity of wool, and .produce. -from, tho luttor. places. Tlic Kombla 'called at Port Albert with n, view to tbe initiation of a trado'with that port as well us Melbonrno. As yet' thore bus been no response from either Wollpngong or Kiunia to tho efforts of the I. S. N. Company for tho introduction of this fresh trade with our portsj though wo know of large quantities of maizo thaUiaye been shipped in tho Kembla on each trip 'from Shoalhavcii. After remaining in the basin for' about 'half an' hour, the Koinbla proceeded to ? Sydnoy.with her cargo. ??'..??. ; London International Exhibition.— Anothor effort is being mudo in Sydney to ruise funds to enable tho colony to bo ropresouted at the ensuing International Exhibition in London. An in fluential publio meeting was Held at tho Chamber of Commerce, last Friday, for that purposo, nnd it was then arranged that another oflbrt should bo mudo by private subscription to 'save the couutry from boing disgraced,' as was remarked by ono of tho speakers. Sir William Mucavthur occupied tho chair, und tho mooting was addressed by Messrs. Wlalis, T. S. Mort, Frinoo, Thompson, and other gentlemen of commercial standing in the city. '?' - Ponofi Gouut.— Messrs. C. T. Smith, and A. A. Turner, J. P. 's wore on tho Bench yesterday, the small debts business consisting of a case of \V. Allen v — Moore (both of Macquurio Kiver) for 12s. A vordict was given for tho amount and costs. Slaughtering licenses ; were granted to Messrs. D. Griffin, jun., R; Campbell, T.H. Buchanan, 'C. Heiningorj and John Armstrong/ An extension o£ license was granted for New Year's Day to Mr John Makin, of the Royal Alfred Hotol, in iirdorlo enable him to have a booth at tho athletic sports to take placo on tlio parade ground on that day. ? 7 Travelling Missionary.— Tho Rev. J. J. West wood, a travelling. Missionary 'an connection with the Baptist Church,' arrived in Wollbngorig on Friday last, on his ? way from : Adelaide to Sydney, having left the former i place two years ago. Tho rev. gontleuian prdachod in ; the Presbyterian Church on: Sabbath morning, and. in the Primitive Methodist Chapel in! tho evening. He held a service in the last named place of worship again last ovoning, and, us will bo, noticed by an announcement olsowhere in this issue, lie will lecture thore this ovoning. , It appears Mr Westwood has had a long and axtdnsivo experience of missionary, life oh this continent, and it now seems probable '.that lie may receive a call to becomo a stationed minister in the district of Boga. -. ,':V -'.'?-?? .-? ,: ???' .'? '.;?::?? ; ? The Christy. Minstrels.— The Now , South, Wales Christy Minstrel Troupe havo paid Wollon gong another professional visit with their usual success. Tlioy performed at the Tomperancc Hall on the evonings of Thursday, Friday,, and Satur day last. There. was a largo- audienco present on the first evening, and also on Saturday, but tho attendance on Friday night was much less than at' either of the other entertainments. ???'?? This troupe is now so well and favorbly known in this district as professional minstrelsy that it becomes needless to state much more about' their performances than that all the members of the company acquitted themselves on this occasion so successfully as to fully maintain their previous reputation. As Mr. Macfarlano appeared here for the first time, it may be montioned that ho possesses a very excollont voice, which renders his songs most acceptable to his audience. Messrs. Malpass and Poultcr have still retained their positions as vocal ' favorites.' as have also the several part singers in the com pany, including Messrs. Stewart, Rogerson, Roberts, Mitchell, and others. The comic power of the troupe is us great and 'effective as ever, and both centres and culminates in the singing witticisms and antics oE Rogerson, and Roberts. And lastly, though by no means least deserving of notice and praise, is tho. performance ^ or Mr Oaten on the English concertina. The solos played by that gontloman are perhaps seldom or never surpassed in this hemisphere, as regards their sweetness and masterly execution. Several very fine songs ' were sung by the Com pany during their stay here on this occasion, and encores wero the order of tlio clay, or rather of the night, at oach entertainment. The ' Ghost in tho Pawnshop' was produced on Saturday night, and the local allusions cteated roars of laughter in nearly every instance. In conclusion we may state that wo havo heard only two objections xirged against those entertainments on their professional merit — as Ethiopian per formancos — the first being that too much comic acting is introduced to the exclusion of sentimental songs ; und the second, that tho entertainments are made to extend to too late an hour of the night before being brought to a close. Insanity and Violence. — Bridgot (Mrs.) Bruce, of West Dapto, was brought before Messrs. Gordon and Tumor, J.P.'s, on Saturday last, by virtue of a warrant, charged with having threatened to do grioyous bodily harm to Mr Robert Haworth, of Ko'mbla Grange. It appears from the evidence of Constable Bell, who appre hended the prisoner, as well as by tho testimony of Mr Haworth, that Mrs Rruco went to Kombla Grange on a certain day lust week, and that sho entered Mr Haworth's house, seating herself in the front room. On being asked by Mr Ha worth what was her business there, she commenced abusing him, and at the samo timo wiolding a stick whicli she had in her possesion. Finding what the stato of matters were, Mr Haworth pushed her out of tho house, and throw tho stick after he. She then produced a knifo, remarking at the same time that slio would cut his (Mr Haworth's) head off. She continued to rnako similar remarks for some time, but she afterwards loft the promises. When Constable Boll appre hended her, sho repeated the same threats to wards Mr Hawortli's stating that sha would ' lay await for him and be avongnd upon him yot.' Sho said, further, that she ' would cut tlio old b ? head off, before she was done with him.' All tlio evidence given in the case tended to provo that the prisouer was of unsound mind, and that her reason had been unsetrlod for somo time past. Senior-Sergeant Sheridan deposed that the pri soner was a daughter of tlio late Mr P. Kaveny, and although married to a man named Bruce, who is very poor, that she had boon living for the last six months with her mother instead of with her own family. He stated furthor that it .appeared her mother was not able to keop her under restraint, and that her manner had beon very eccentric for a considerable timo past. Evidence was also given to the effect that a sister of tho pri soner's had been treated in tho Lunatic Asylum for a dorangoincnt of mind. Each of the witnesos in tho case expressed an opinion that prisonor was of unsound mind, and that slio would probably commit some indictable ollenco unless legal means wero takon to prevent such. Tho unfortunato woman (who was violent in Court) was ordered to find sureties to keep tho peace for six months, or otherwise bo imprisoned in Darlingliurst Gaol for one month. No sureties wero, of course, forth coming, and consequently tlio prisoner had to bo sent to gaol — the reason that she was sent to Darlingliurst being that she might receive medical treatment thore. As the law required the testi mony af two medical men with regard to uusound ness of mind in any individual, tho prisoner could not logally be pronounced insane here without Iho evidence of a second doctor, Iho procuring of which would have caused delay, as well aa cousi derablo oxpenso to tho Government. Anonymous Donations.— Eight anonymous donations of £1000 each to London chairtics within a week woro recently recorded, making a. total of 4.2 donations of similar amount during tho' current year, in addition to one of £10,000. 