MOUNT PELHAM. A MIDSUMMER ADVENTURE BY DIONYSIUS DASH. Written for the Chronicle and Mail. " Where do you gentlemen propose going to- morrow?" asked my cousin Ethel Gambier, one summer evening as we sat at tea. By ice, I mean my cousin Miss G., niy sister Helen, Dalrymple Shel bourne, commonly called " Shelly," Fred. Montgomery, who were old schoolfellows of mine, and then on a visit, and your very humble servant, John—or Jack Atlielston—by name. "We are going to scale the heights of old Pelham," I re plied. Mount Pelham was a very high and steep hill, which stood about three miles away, the top of which no one had vet been known to reach, though many tried it. "Scale Pelham, indeed!" cried Ethel, with a merry laugh. " You won't do that in a month !" "Will we not? Well, you will see." " I will bet you three pairs of gloves i (that will be a pair each, if you can only win them) that you will not climb it," said Helen. •'Done !" cried the three. "Bat how are we to prove we hare climbed it T asked Shelly. " Take up a flag and mount it on the top. ***■#* "By jove, Jack, this is hard work !" gasped Fred. Montgomery, as we three were trying to drag ourselves up Pel ham's steep sides, by grasping the thin saplings before us. We had not yet got fifty yards up it. "Bather!" said I, as I unbuttoned my white waistcoat. "I wish we had not brought our blessed guns with us. I agree to leave them here," said Shelly. "O, no; we wQI take them on. Per haps we will get a possum or two," said Fred. " Bather the possums, we can get them at any time," grumbled Shelly. "Besides, if we left them behind, we ■hall vary likely not be able to find 'em again," said L ■'I don't know what the deuce you made that bet for, Jack. If it had not been for that I would turn back." "Well, Shelly, you may go back if you choose, I am going to the top before I turn. As to making the bet, I don't see why I should be blamed for that. I had no more to do with it than you," said I. " Shut np your grumbling, Shelly, will you," said Fred, to him. "No one asked yon to come. If jou would rather face the lad'"" than Pelham'a sides yon may go back." But Mr. Bhelbourne would not rather face the ladies, so we pushed onwards. The Mount now ran so steep that we bad to nuke a spiral track, thus climbing over a lot of ground, but not getting much higher. After toiling some four hours longer, we stopped to partake of the luncheon we carried with us, and rest ourselves. Reluctantly enough did we rise from the huge rock on which we lay, and pursue our journey. When we started we had hoped to get back that same night; but now we saw that was impossible, for we could not reach, the top unless we walked great part of the night. . Still the prospect of " camping out" was not so «li«m«l t for we had plenty of eat ables with us, and the weather was so warm that sleeping in the open air was rather pleasant than otherwise. The fiery orb was slowly dipping behind the western horizon, encircled by sanguine clouds. The forest, that stretched far away from the ravine below, westward, was bathed in a flood of burnished gold. It was in truth a glorious picture. Had I then committed my sentiments to paper, I might have done a little justice to it, but now I fed it is impossible. Plainly before my eye it lay then in all its magni ficence, but now I have only the cold re membrance to guide me. Shelbourne, who was one of those " fanciful, eccentric children," was in raptures, and quoted choice extracts from his favorite bards :— " Each purple peak, each flinty spire, ■W as bathed in floods o£ living fire. Bat not a setting beam could glow, Within the dark ravine belaw. Where turned the path, in shadow hid Bonnd many a rocky pyramid, Shooting abruptly from the dell Its thunder-splintered pinnacle." Even Fred, who usually cut his en thusiasm short by some cynical remark, was dumb, like myself. While we listened to "our jwrfV"grand, yet inco herent outbursts, we felt how far we were belew him—how much keener his percep tion of the beautiful was than ours. When the sun had wholly disappeared, and the spell was broken, Fred said:— "To see such a sight is well worth all our labor to- day." We were yet a great way from the top, but did not go much further that night. The darkness had Bet in, and the moon would not rise until after midnight. Im mediately after supper I announced my intention of going to sleep. The others followed my example, and we were soon busily engaged in picking out the softest and most level piece of ground; for, as Fxed observed, "If one once got a start to toll, he would not stop until the bottom was reached, and all labor would be wasted." The spots chosen for beds were all within a yard of each other, and I had just begun to say— " Sleep, gent'e sleep. Nature's soft muse, how hare I frighted thee?" when Shelley gave a wild yell, and bounded to his feet. "What is the matter V cried Fred and I simultaneously. ''Matter! Why fleas, mosqnitos, or something, are biting me to pieces!" and he commenced to imitate an Indian war dance. Having struck a lucifer I pro ceeded to examine the spot, and found we had lain down on an ant bed, and could feel them crawling over and biting me then. "We had better strip off our clothes. _ We've been lying on an ant's nest," said L So with many an anathema on the unfortunate " patterns of wisdom," we proceeded to "pull off and shake our clothes. Having changed our quarters and taken care we did not lie on another nest, we again wooed sleep, but in vain, for now the air was too warm, and at last we were obliged to give it up as a "bad job." "What day of the month is this?" enquired Fred. "The —4h," said I. "Why do you askK" "Because I thought it was somewhere about the time I met with an adventure last year." " Would you mind telling us it ? 'Twill help to pass awaj the time.'' " Well, 1 have no objection if you both promise to entertain us with two after wards. My tale I will give the title " A DISMAL NIGHT." This adventure happened when I was at Clare last year on a visit to my uncle. On my uncle's grounds was a small cottage which was said to be haunted. A man had hung himself there some five years before, and ever since strange noises had been heard there. None of the laborers would sleep there. You know at school we used to say we did not believe in ghosts, nor in reality do I now. Well, I determined to hear these noises, and find out the causes if I could. My cousin Phil tried to dissuade me from going, but I would not listen to him. So one night taking a loaded revolver, a flask of p.b., a lamp, and Collins's " After Dark," I set out on my ghost hunt. The doors were not locked, so I entered, and having set down what I carried, lit my lamp and proceeded to examine the place. In the room where I stood were two chain, a sofa, and a table ; it had a nagged floor, and was ceiled with boards, and in one corner of the ceiling was a square hoi*, left I suppose for ventila tion. There were two other rooms, but both were empty. Having drawn the table close to the sofa, I sat down, and commenced read- ing. 1 suppose I read on about an hour, when it entered my head that I could read a deal more comfortably lying down. So I did so, and only rose up occasionally to take a drop of the p.b., which, before long, had such an effect on me that I de j parted to the " Land of Nod." How . long I slept I do not know, but I was awakened by a tremendous crash, and on opening my eyes I was startled by seeing a sheet of llaine before me. With a cry "of horror I sank back and closed my eyea. When I dared to open them again the moon was shining in through the window, I and a horrid-looking spectre glared upon ' me from the table. It was black as a raven, and its eyes seemed two balls of , fire. 1 seized my revolver, which lay [ before me, and fired; then, springing up, \ pulled open the door and fled, while the cause of my fear set up a deafening roar of " no-o-o-ow-w-w." \ On I ran across the park*, over logs and bushes, but some terrible white thing pursued me. It was rapidly gaining upon , me, and I knew I could not escape it, so , threw myself on the grass, waiting my > fate. The thiiuj soon reached me ; I could feel its breath upon my face, yet it , touched me not. I must have loin there some minutes, , though to me they seemed hours, before I looked up. When I did I saw I " What ?" cried Shelly and 1, seeing he pausid. " My white Newfoundland, Dian." Cursing myself for being such a fool, I returned to the cottage. A large black cat lay dead on the table ; and my lamp lay smashed to atoms on the floor. I suppose it was the kerosine that caused the fljimes. 1 spent the remainder of the dismal night in finishing the book. The next morning, having placed a chair on the table, and mounted them, I placed my head in the hole in fthe ceiling, and got through. Up there I found a litter of cats and several old ones. " Now, Mr. Athelston/'said he, turning to me, " I hare passed a good bit of time in telling my apology for a yarn, so will you oblige us with one V " I would most willingly, but just now Ido not recollect one. If Shelly will spin as one, I will try and furbish up one after wards." " I am just in the same fix as you, Jack. However, I will tell you & short tale I composed a few months ago, if you will listen to it." "Right you are, Shelly, wire in. I hope it has a grand title," said Fred. " Well, a title will not be of much use now, although it would have looked better with a' grand' one in print. I intended to call it 'A FALLEN BBOTaEE'S YE SGEANOE.'" The people of Carlepord were in high glee, for the notorious bushranger who had so long terrified them would be cap tured at last. He had just galloped past, while two mounted troopers, "armed to the teeth," were on his tracks not five hundred yards behind. Yes ; it was very plain to the bandit that his hour was close. His thoroughbred was faint and weary ; while their horses were fresh and fiery. Still he kept on, hoping to reach a valley in the mountains, where he would be safe for a time. Bravely the horse kept on, as though he knew his master's life depended on him. They were fast nearing the hills, near the foot of which was a deep ditch worn by the water. It ran some two or three miles either way from him. His horse had often carried him over it before, but now, when it was knocked up, it seemed madness to attempt it. If the horse fell, he knew there was no hope for it or himself. " Better to die there than drag out the remainder of my life in prison. If I cross, these miserable brutes will never follow me," soliloquised he, and then, stroking his horse's well-arched, Bweating neck, said " Courage, Jove; do not fail me now." The faithful animal seemed to understand him, and increased his speed. One of the troopers, thinking the prey sure, shouted " You may as well pull up at once, Devereux!" but they actually pulled up with astonishment when they beheld the bushranger's horse lightly clear the cleft, while Deverenx himself, witha smile of triumph, turned his head, and shouted " Follow, cowards !" They, however, only paused a moment, and then spread on to the brink of the ditch. "It would be ""^""?« to try to get our horses over this, Wilson," said one. " Tes ; I believe Devereux's horse has the devil himself in him," and, drawing his revolver, Wilson fired at it. His aim was true, and the next instant the noble animal rolled to the earth. The bandit himself was unhurt, and, rising, mur mured " Adieu, poor Jove ! I'd rather the craven's lead had struck me; but you shall be revenged !" Then hastened on. His pursuers, who had dismounted, crossed the ditch at a shallow place, and now chased him on foot. Had it not been for the high price set upon the fugitive's head, they would have given up the chase. Gold was the great incentive, but it could not prevail against nature. Devereux paused about half way up a steep hUL "Ah!" said Wilson, witha grin of joy, " he's knocked up at last." Near and more near they came, still he moved not, but stood behind a huge stone, waiting for them. ' " You are our prisoner, Florian De- ' vereux." "Am I; what for ?" enquired the bushranger, with a hollow laugh. ; "For robbery under arms," said ' Wilson. " Bobbery ! ha! ha ! ha!" and again ' the laugh rang through the woods. " Don't stand grinning there; it will > pay you better to say your prayers," said : Wilson's mate. ; £/' You think you have me safe now, don't you ? I have robbed people I ac knowledge, but who was the cause of it I did not do it until there was no honest employment for me to follow. Eight . years ago I was arrested for a crime of which 1 was innocent, and the real cri- ' minal was one <*f those who judged me. ' I could not prove it; but before God it J is true ! The harsh world was against me; no one would employ me; and to be revenged on them I joined ! the bushrangers. A bushranger I a m ■ still, and the man is not here who can ' arrest me! Yonder," he continued, pointing over the hills in the direction ' in which Sydney lay, while bis hearers were too much astonished to j stop him, "in prison lay two of my l! mates, another lies dead somewhere in ' the mountains. The cursed police are on every side of me ; yet if I only had J my horse here, alive and fresh—who had ] more of the human in him than the ] coward who shot him down—l would ' throw defiance to ye all! But here 1 am, with only a pistol to defend myself, J surrounded. Here come two more * demons," he cried fiercely, as two others . came running up with a cry of triumph ] on their lips. " I have robbed the world, and the world has robbed me, but I have not yet spilt one drop of any man's blood. Before an hour has passed over . my head my ln?n?i« will be red with blood ! ' Aye, red as crimson! Cowards ! Dogs ! ( Prepare to feel a fatten hroHier's ven geance!" he shouted, and, with an almost superhuman strength, he moved the huge rock, and it thundered down the hill over the ill-fated police. , The murderer ran down the hill, and, t without pausing to breathe a prayer, < leaped into the lake in the valley. Three bodies lay mangled and crushed ' above, while the fourth, dragging his ' [broken, bloody limbs after him, crept home to tell how the last of the bandits died. i There was a pause as Shelly's inel- I lifluous tones died away into silence, which was broken by Fred—" Now Jack, t for your yarn. I hope it will not be such J a sad one as Shell's." * " Net quite. Now if you will give me i ', all the attention you do not bestow upon I the numerous insects that creep aronnd v you, 1 will give you an account of y 808 BLUNTS DD 8L WITH BRAGGING c BaUCE. '- Some few years ago, it matters not how v many, my cousin, Bob Blunt, George s King, Henry, or—as he was generally a called on account of his pitching— = " Bragging" Bruce, and I were comingback y from the eastward, where we had been on '• a kangaroo bunt, when we stopped at the c public-house of a. small village south of > the Burra for the night. We had not 1 been there long when Bob began teasing * Bruce about some girl called Susan he * was sweet upon, and Baid " her hair was F like a bundle of carrots," and Bruce > who was getting " pretty tight," got in a B great temper over it. r "Never mind the cause, Jack; leave that to our imagination. Get on to the i duel or you will not finish it to-night," % said Fred interrupting me. i That evening Bob received a challenge i from Bruce to fight him. He had got r King to act as his second, so Bob chose me. 1 King, who did not care a straw for t Bruce, and only consented to be his second to have some fun, wanted to put , nothing in the pistols but powder. 5 ' " I'll tell you a better trick thanthat," / said I. " Come down to the butcher's . and we will get some blood, and put it into both the pistols, and give Brace the choice of them. If he fires straight he is sure to put some of the blood on Bob, and Bob himaulf will fire in the air. Brag will be in a great fright, and we will make him shout to keep it dark." The combatants met in the hills, both fired simultaneously, and the next instant Bob fell to the ground, his face covered with blood. " You have done for him," said King to Brag, who was of course unhurt. On hearing this he set off as hard as his scrapers would carry him. towards the hotel. As soon as he was out of sight Bob got up." " Was he in the secret V asked Fred. " Yes, of course. Bob got op and went to the creek to wash off the blood. King and I went down after Bruce, and found him locked up in one of the bedrooms. He opened the door when we to him, and looked as pale as a sheet." " This is a bad job, old fellow," said I. " Is he much, hurt," gasped, the unfor tunate dupe. " Dead as a hammer,'' said King. " Good heavens ! hadn't I better bolt ?" he whispered. " I don't know. He is up in the hills, and no one will find him for a fewday?. If you will shout a champagne supper we won't say anything about it; and if there is a row about it we will swear you did not do it," said King. " What ! do you think lam going to see my cousin shot, and let him rot there, without saying anything about it V I ex claimed, with mock indignation. " But it was Bob's fault; Bruce could not help it," said King. I admitted this, and after a while agreed to say nothing about it if Bruce did as requested. King then called the hind lord, and Bruce, trembling from head to foot, gave the order. When everything was ready we entered the room, Bruce, poor devil, looking like a frog in a dry lagoon, while we were shaking with suppressed laughter. Just as we were about to make an onslaught, in walks Mr. Blunt, alive and well Here I paused and turned to my com panions, expecting to hear a burse of applause, but, to my extreme disgust, I found they were asleep. I longed to exercise my hardest toe upon their shins, but refrained from it, and contented myself by merely growling, "You're a confoundedly polite set, I must confess," and followed their ex ample ; while Fred muttered, from the realms of dreamland, " Have the bobbies arrested what-d'ye- call-um yet ?" It was Shelly's voice, crying— " Oi.cd more unto the breach, dear frienJs, once more " that awoke me next morning. My first action was to blow Shelly and Fred up for not listening to me the night before. " It was a very interesting story, Jack," eaid Shelly, " and I should have willingly listened to it had I not heard you narrate it at dinner one day last week." So, find ing I had made a mistake, I said no more, but prepared to move on. After climb ing about an hour it became evident there would be a contest. All of us knew that the first question asked when we returned would be " Who was first on the top ?" and now, although no one had spoken of it, each one was trying to take the lead, while the perspiration actually streamed off our faces. Shelly and I, however, might have spared ourselves the trouble. We should have known that the strong, adventurous Fred—the quon dam leading spirit of the school—could always withstand us. With a loud "Hurrah!" he reached the top, where we soon joined him. "As we are the first that ever reached the top, I propose we carve our names on some stones," Baid Shelly. "1 don't think we are the first that reached the top, Shelly; doesn't this look uncommonly like 'T. C. V asked I, pointing to a stone. " Yes, it is some thing like it; but it is worn by water. t No human hand carved that." "WelL the water must be well educated about here then ; for Bee, here are the initials ' W. H. S. and c G. F. 1859,' as plain as a pikestaff. And, by Jove, they under stand Latin, too, for here is inscribed ' Fortutuifavet fortibus,' I cried, turning round a huge stone. ? " Those are the initials of some of the survey party probably. If toe are the first to reach the top, how do you account for that heap of stones there, Shelly? Does that look natural V asked Fred, while I drew a Union Jack ont of my pocket, which in a few moments was floating proudly to the breeze on a pole. " Mill," said Shelly, unable to answer Fred's query, "we are entitled to a deal of credit, for the surveyers were obliged to climb here, while we did it merely for pleasure." But again Shelly was mistaken, for Fred a few seconds after held up a flag, on which was cut " Alice Griffiths, 1868; and immediately after another with " Harriet H. Falconer" on it. " Ladies !" I exclaimed, " well how in the deuce could they get up ?" j This mystery was soon salved, for we found that, if we had come round to the | southern side, we could have got up in less than liaJf-a-day. . Having added our illustrious names to the number on the heap, and taken a • lingering look at the sea, which seemed like a crescent in the distance, we turned homewards. Helen and Ethel met us at the gate, and we turned to point at the trophy of our victory, when, behold, it was nowhere to be seen. I suppose the wind had blown it down. ] The girls refused to give us the gloves, ] because we had no proof of having reached the top, so the bet went for nothing. We did not think it worth our while to , inform them that two ladies had ascended the Mount before us. Duokenning, Fan-ell's Flat, ] Christmas, 1872. " Your behavior is most singular, sir," said 1 a young lady to a gentleman who bad just stolen a kill. "If that is all," said he, " I (rill soon make it plural" A man who wob d*live?ing a public lecture overstepped the limit of the platform ; bat land ing on Ins feet, he calmly continued, " To come do wa to the level of iuv audience n * J An instance of throning oneself about was witnessed a few evenings ago at a party, in the 1 case of a youug Udy, who, when asked to sing, , first tossed her head aud then pitched her voice. Dr. Hall has written a long article to prove that it is unhealthy for a man and hu wife to aleep in the same room ; bat the editor of I the -Veto Fort Commercial knows some wives who would make it decidedly unhealthy for their hatbands to deep anywhere else. 