ORIGINAL COBBESB ONJDENCE. A SEANCE. • (To the Editor of the Riverine herald 1 Sir,—I am a great believer in Spiritism, and it is just twenty years ago since I formed one of ■a "circle" that ran round a table out of a room :and smashed four tumblers in which its legs •were placed to form isolation ; but that was in the old country, and tilings are much faster here. Now, Sir, I have been reading the lectures of Peebles, the renowned Yankee, and I don't think them great shakes. Peebles' spirits are very small beer, and they seem all to have been relatives and connections of himself. Who the dickens cares what Peebles' grandfather or grandmother do or say in the next world ? If they had no more gumption than their grandson they must have been very small chops. Being ■ disgusted with Peeples, I determined last night to form a circle in my hotel, which is well known as the best and most steady going in Eclmca, ■ although the Town Clerk in one of his tantrums, aided and abetted by the P. M., and the Doctor, neglected to issue me a license. However, I can support-a feV.r Judys in epite . of their teetli, and indulge in the light fantastic, independent of Constable O'Neil. Well, I invited six of our most respectable citizens, and who are amongst my best customers, to meet in my bar parlor at •eight o'clock. They came, but before adjourning to the scene of action we had several go ins • at "Yankee grab" for glasses round in commemoration of Peebles—drinking gin out of a bottle judiciously labelled " Thompson's Sarsaparilla." Entering the parlor with my friends I turned the key in the lock to prevent any unwary intruder interfering with the spirits, and out of a nook in the chimney unbeknown to Nancy, my wife, I extracted five bottles of firstclass Jamaica rum, pine-apple flavour, and 120 / o.p. This was necessary to steady our nerves and fit ourselves to meet the spirits 011 a brotherly footing. Howsomever, having forgot to bring in water wo had to drink the liquor neat, "which increased its cheering effects. We 'finished the five bottles and then placed our hands in the approved form on the table. This I found advantageous, for somehow or other the legs of my chair were getting into different lengths, and one of them seemed giving way altogether, so that I could not maintain an upright position, without some extra support. I said we all had our hands 011 the table, but there was an exception, for Mr. Finnigan, had his head there—I supposed out of respect for the spirits. Well, I and my friends determined to call on some world-known spirit, and none of your understrappers or friends of Peebles'. I iv,as agreeable to do so more because my friends' voices had, through some inexplicable cause, become husky and inarticulate. No doubt I myself had got the hiccup, but that is nothing. Well, in a voice as steady and calm as I could assume, for I did feel queer, I sang out "Ghost of Kamlet's father, I abjure you to appear ?" and, may I never taste whiskey again, but with that there was a loud knock. Had I not known it was on the table I would have supposed the knock to be on the outside of the parlor door. My companions were now remarkably grave, and one or two had closed their eyes 'to shut out the spirit, but to con'ciliate the ghost, and show my fitness to mix in 'the best society, says I, " Reverend ghost, •how is-Hamlet?'' With that, as somebody said, may the devil admire me ! if there weren't two tremendous knocks—the same as my wife Nancy ■was in 'the habit of giving on the door, when she had made up her mind to break up good company. Just as I was endeavouring to reconcile the similarity between the ghost's knocks and Nancy's, Joe Brown, who was sitting opposite me, demanded to know " How the deuce I had put two lamps oil the table 1" Before I •could deny this insinuation of waste, Billy Fleslipot informed Browh that " lie was drunk, -anda-d—d fool, as there was only one lamp." "What," says Joe, "do you call me a liar1?" ?ind with that, without more ado, lie shied a tumbler at Billy's head, which, missing, struck Mic'M'Gasli fair oii'the cheek. M'Gash's Irish blood was out and up in a moment. Having no 'brick handyOie let drive the lamp at old Brown. Darkness was immediate, and talcing advantage of it the ghost of Hamlet's father followed, I 'believe, by Hamlet, Horatio, and the two gravediggers rushed at -us. They overturned the table, smashing glasses and tumblers to smithereens. From one of the lot I received a blow in the stomach, 'which knocked me into !the fire-place. Just as the row was at its loudest, :and yells of murder wore ringing through the room, the door was burst open, and in flew my wife Nancy, followed by all the barmaids, find by a number of " bullockies," who 'had been •either dancing or waiting the result of the "circle." Immediately I became insensible, :and knew nothing till this morning, when I awoke with a fearful headache, a lump on the back of my head as big as 11 lien's egg, atul a horrible tasteof rum in my mouth. Slipping quietly-out'of bed, not to disturb Nancy, 1 got 'the key, and walking to the bar was almost at 'once joined by my six friends, none of "wli 111, ■singularly enough, had gone home, but had been stowed about in the hotel. I shouted the first round of gin and bitters, M'Gasli shouted the second, and whilst getting cheered up a bit ■at the oxpense of' Joe Brown, Nancy appeared, which closed further proceedings. However, before they left I agreed to write you a full ^account of the scanca, and also, through your far spreading journal, I was asked to invite a *visit from Mr. Peebles. But before that gentleman accepts this invitation lie must remember that the Echuca spirits are very similar to Yankee spirits. They appreciate chequeifieii, so that if Mr. Peebles lias managed to rake in £80 or £90, and is prepared to come to toy hotel, and knock it down like a man, I will gaurantee liim the "best accommodation, any quantity of spirits, .and a sufficiency of blue •devils to top up witli. —Yours to 'command^ JEREMIAH JORUM. Ecliuca, 26th Nov., 1872. 