TBE MAN OF THE MOUNTAIN 'A 0HOSr0 STORY. LHALF-way up the ~iountain.side, looking down upon ,the. valley of the Cumberland twenty years ago, stood ;a-countryý inn, -famous for, the goodness of its'cheer arid thelheartiness of its host, Cleophas4 ote by namie. In.the summer of 1850; the "Mountain Home"-so the inn waks called ;haml'Balde, than its usual quota? of visitors, one of whom had come to die. A-.fter-a few days he kept his room, and:iii;a-few-more-had breathed his last, swhisijering the names of . loved ones far away. . When the stranger's trunk iilas opened (whlich was done by the landlord in' the presence of two of his own guests-rone a doe?or, the other a cliergynian-a"t least we took him for such; on` the strength or his cravat and conversatiori) it was found; to contaii a considerable umn: itn' bank. notes. Of tlese.Mr Coote made a coom plete' list, noting -their -'denominatiois; Iafter Whlicli lihsealed them up, and locked them away in a drawer in his own bed room -facts to which he likewise called; the, attention of the doctor; and the rin ister. On the evening of the funoril, the coni versatiou, as was xatural, took a serious itnrn . ,. From death th a transistion was easy-to the su bject of. departed ,spirits anid theii stat?s.; And iere an animated;discussion :sprang up between the clergyiman and the doctor. " Whatever may r. mayn'fbe'"inter posed ourivwoithvý,hoskt. -there's one thing some of you mayi have reason tb believe in before you :le?i?'voe'these parts" What's that ?'' I ventured to ask. "° 'Thle Ml?11fan of the Mountaiii 'd r'oot' -nswered.. . ":iiAnid who's he ? " inquired several. i . That's the question, " said Ms r Coote. : "I can only tell you :what.? sawvof him ; •others may describe him. diflbrently.. _:It was ?.rly, one morning, as I stood ori i? spurofNitlhei mountain lookiu. l gdowvn' into the valloy that I s'iiat a distance; nnd{ gazing striit at me, ;. fi ightful object iii .riumnan shape,, at least forty feet high~--" "Oh Mr Cootse 1" screauiimed the ladies. "'It's every word true, and:I can bring twenty Witnesses who'll telFyou a similat etpry. S"Wcll, what did you do ? some one in quired. " " What any sensible man vould;" said' Mr 'Coote ;" took to my heels! and rin away." .: ;N aItwas plain our host was not .jbling; and felt.convinced that he thought hlie had seeri what- he said he had. There is a dash of superstition, even in the'most'sceptical,is a saying as true as trite. I doubt if any one ever slept quite comfortly in a chamber reputed to be haunted, or crossed a graveyard alone in the dark, without wishing him safely over. M.r Coote's account, it was easy to see, made a deeper impression than any 'us would have cared to own; and there is reason to believe that more than one inmate of the "Mountain Home" went to sleep with their heads covered. I had lain for some time musing myself on Mr Coote's statement, and had just fallen asleep, when I was aroused by a' loud shout, followed a succession,of terri fic screams. Springing from the bed and opening the door, I ran in the direction of the sounds, which led me strait to' Mr and Mrs Coote's chamber. Before I had time to ask what was the matter, half the lodgers had appeared on the scene, and Mr Cooto, lamp ' in hand, followed by his spouse-both pale and trembling-rushed into the hall way.: "The ghost! the ghost!" 'the,lair. ex claimed together. S"The ghost l-what ghdost' ."qutried all the spectators at once. " The dead man's ghost !" cried' poor Coote, in a voiceshaken with terror. "'Woe -had gone to sleep with our'lamp burn ing, mother and I. Mother's a light sleeper. The least noise wakes her. I . might have dozed through it, if she hadn't nudged me. When I woke, she was 'all in a tremble and too frightened to speak. She motioned towards the bureau, there he stood in his winding-sheet, his. face was pale and ghastly as we saw it in his coffin I He had either taken the 'key, out of my pocket, or brought one of his own; for he at once proceeded to unlock: the drawer and take out thie packet of money, after which he passed out, and motlier and'I gave the alarm' as soon' as wve were able. ' Thle: first idea of those self-possessed enough to have any, was' ?that a' skilful robberyhlind been'comiiitbd and"thiat it ..mighlt not be too lite; to -disqover the thief. Lighlts were procured and:.an im mediate search begun. Thie' first object found wads the sceptical doctor, standing : in tihe pas~i.ge, shivering. and spdechless. His eyes :were fixedi:as ifspell'bound, on the door lately occupied by the dead man man. SWhat's the matteir, doctor ?"' I hastened to ask;:. - It was not till the , neption Khad been several timesp?ut that an answerwasgiven. j \- ".iHas no one else--seen it .: He at length` comriardeddstrength,to utter.. " Seen whait I" ," The gost I tho ghostl"., le cried, re..I peating the words of, fathiet and moiither Coote:. Being further questioned; the doctor made: a revelation thit: indeed -:was passitigstrange ' He had retired, t. 'hi roo?i, bUit' iot to' bed; at the' time of ,'tlie alarn.: Hiiurrying into the passage,lhemet a? ghastly, sheeted form, whose .progress he Attempted to stay. . It stopped; aiil slowly raised' its hand toward heaven; whence, iii" a 'solemn; unearthly ' voice, came the words, "Toue/L.him. at thy soul's peril !"' :The adpparition. then vanished into the room recently tenanted by the deceased strhinger-; and the doctorhad'ie mained miotionless?with fright; till fou nd its ali itdy mentiiined. The, first thing was to seai;rchthe apart menit in which the spiectrehad ta~kenh re fuige: The 'door not -being ,locked: we hurried in; 'biitnothing was: discovered buit the fact that no one.was there, i aid the iinipossibility of any''ersonhs hivifil left the chaminber, save by the' frot en trance, which the doctor was positive.ino one had done:. The oibnly winidow of the apairtment ie'maiidd fastened;on the ini side, and 'a door 'ommunicating w'itli the clergyi'ai's' rooib i, as" tliat gentleman- whom iwe h'adsoine diffticulty in wiaking poinited out,'ias :bolted on his side." SAll efforts;'to iiuravel tlhe mnisteiy proved ablortive Whatever of spiritual agency the hffliir involved, two very mac ierial facts were patent ; the'.deid mian's? money was gone froth thed drawer; and the kdy found in the lock' lad been taken fromi 'Mr 'Cote's pockeht :Oui little community; began' to .be. dd moralised. Those :who didn't believre the house was hauinted thought there ,were thiev?es in 'it the upislhot' being a universal' pa'cking up preparatoryto a general staim. pede:. .. . On the morinin the first batch nsa, to leive; I' greatly aatonislied :the cotspitiy by hinting at thlie'piiediiety of a search of the baggage of every guest' for the mi.id-: sing money -a course' I: had reasons; fclr, as; the reader will 'see presently. :In my customary Iaiimble that mnorning Ihad made two important. disco0eries. Standiing on a p?o6jecting roclk;to the sun, and looking-across a glen froni iwhich: a dense fog was rising; I sa w'a gigafitic'hu-" man -figure; quite as tall as that described by Mr Coote.: Itstodftacing, anrlscemed looking intently'at ime:. I w'as too much amazed at first to note, as I did a moment after, that its garb was the very counter part' of miy own.' Raising' my' hand to' sec ae nmy h? t nag?inst a sudden piiff of wind, the motion was- repeate'd by :the figure -with grotesque exictness, as were. several other gestures I mido Eby way of experiment. It was- unquestionably my ?w?nzimage; rofleetel by the fog' and en larged and throwin forward as'by 'a can caveo mirror: So much for the'" Man of the' Moun tain. r My next discovery bore upon the ghost question. :Certain sounds at "the base "of the rock caused me to stoop forward and look in that direction. I saw a man in the act of prying up a stone. From whiclh he took a paper packet, whichli he thrust into his pocket, and then walked hurried ly away; but the hlimse I had caught of his features filled me with even 'greater astonishment than had the Man of the Mountain. Suffice it to'say, I' felt con vinced that a search for the missing mort ey would not prove fruitless. When I proposed it, many grumbled at it as a needless annoyuance.: Nevertheless; none felt at' liberty to- object. 'Whei everything -had been oveihiiled: to' no purpose, I 'ventured to indur still further displeasure by laying my hand on the clergyman's arm, and saying "I now propose a personarl search, and to begin with this gentleman. " Fie ! for shame 1" chorussed the ladies. 'r This is really going a :little to. fatr," expostulated; the doctor. ; _ `f It is ni insult to my cloth " said 'the minister, looking more frightened and in dignant, .however. ' '" His cloth " interrupted a 'stranger who had just` arrived, " that's theo only clerical.thing about him. I'm detective M'Clutchcu, in quest of the biggest thief in the country, zand there he is ," In a trice the officer had his game in hands,: and quiclker than it takes to tell it, from the pseudo-parson's pockets was produced the parcel I had seen taken from underthe stone. MrCoote found it to con taiethe identical banknotes described in his list, of which hlie resumed charge, till they should be reclaimed by the late ow ners friend's. The guests about to leaveunpackedtheir trunks, and concluded to remain. The de tective and hiis prisoner had business else where. In answer to pressing solicita tions, I gave a detailed account of the morning's discoveries. Everything was pdlain enough now. A sheet from hisown bed and a little chalk, had transformed the mock-minister into a very respectable grhost, while the communication between the.two chamnbers accounted for his mys terious'disappearance. The only puzzl ing fihct remaining was the voice thathad so alarmed the doctor. But that,' too; wits finally cleared up. Tihe thief was an accomplishod ventriloquist. 