lECITJBE ON EDUCATION. A LECTURE was delivered last night by the Eev. Andrew Robertson, at the West Melbourne Presbyterian Ohnrch, the subject being "Education as viewed from a nationaland anti-party platform." Mr. Robertson's lecture was in favour of religious, but antidenominational education in the public schools. The lecturer averred that "pure and nnal'o Q1 secularism would not havejthe ghost ot a chance in Great Britain," and that it could not be reasonably expected it should meet with a greater share of public approbation in this hemisphere. In support of this theory, i.e., that the general principles of religion ought to he taught in all national schools, and also form part of the ordinary scholastic routine there, the lecturer drew attention to the fact that-when a child is called upon to make a statement in a court of justice the first test put to him is a religious one. in the shape of an oath. Upon this point the lecturer raised a very good and sound argument, for if, as he said, an oath is to be used by government officials as a legal weapon for the extraction of truth, how can that weapon be looked upon as powerful if the moral influence of "so help you God" is ignored, or looked upon as mere matter of form. On the subject of "party" feeling, it was stated that, though in reality "party" has nothing to do with a question ef such universal interest and importance as that of education, yet, nevertheless, a certain partisanship was being shown anent the question about to be brought under legislative notice. " I don't look to party," said Mr. Robertson, " but to principle, which is permanent and true, and must triumph in the loug run." Mr. Heales' intentions bad, in his opinion, been to a great extent frustrated by tbe petty religious obstacles which have risen up, impeded the curriculum of instruction as at present available, and multiplied schools to the drainage of the public exchequer. "The leaders of the Presbyterian body, of the Church of England, and of the Wesleyane," said the lecturer, " are all willing to aid in the suppression of denominationalism, but the Roman Catholics have a strong feeling on the subject of dogmatical religious instruction, which has resulted in the increase of Roman Catholic schools." It was further urged that an act enforcing, or rather making it compulsory, upon parents to send their children to national schools, where the general tenets of Christianity would be taught, would not only enlighten a great deal of darkness, but also save a great many of the guineas which are at present sunk in the subsidies paid to the 434 denominational schools now scattered over Victoria. With regard to the present state of political affairs, Mr. Robertson said, that though all along Presbyterians had been willing to merge their schools into national ones, there would, on account of the foreseen determination of several leading politicians to bring in an entire secular system of education, in all probabiUty be a strong opposition raised by that body to any education bill having for its basis the elimination of common religious instruction. Touching the Roman Catholic section of the community, Mr. Robertson implied that the conscientious scruples of one party should not be allowed to interfere with the actions of another, and that if the holders of any particular creed required special schools wherein to teach a special doctrine, it was but fair that the said schools should be paid for privately by the people who required them. During the course of his lecture Mr. Robertson confessed that he had a thorough belief in the bom fides of the new Ministerial programme as regards the question of public instruction, indeed he •went so far as to say that the Government, of which Mr. Francis is the head, is prepared to "stand or fall" in obedience to public opinion, as shown in support or condemnation of the Ministry during the discussion of the subject of compulsory school attendance. In concluding his discourse the rev. lecturer observed that it was the intention of the present Ministry to allow no further increase to the number of subsidised secta-. nan schools, and also pointed out the fact that, although some people attach but little importance to the dicta of colonial parliamentary speakers, because the subjects they handle are not of "world-wide interest," the subject of general information and general godliness is one of the most vital importance •wherever and whenever it is touched upon. The lecture was listened to with marked attention by the congregation. 