TALK Off CHAHGE. * I will buy with you, tell with you, talk with you.'* -Shakspeajle. "-^^unaajunrldontem dioere veram Quia TttetlHoitci. I don't flunk that it reflects intense lustre upon the medical profusion, that a natnber of its leading members hare permitted some wretched points of professional etiquette to stand in the way of their performing asub Btahtial public service. The Government riatneda number of medical men to sit as a commission to investigate the causes of diphtheria, with the view of endeavouring to arrest this insidious, and frequently, fatal, > disease. But because one member designated belonged to a school of medicine differing from that of the others, some of the latter bare offered various excuses, and declined to act. One has married a wife, and another has. bought a yoke of oxen. It would be, .perhaps, nnfair to assume that the reasons assigned were altogether without influence, but the public is inclined to believe that the scarecrow which really frightens off these not totally Jiaihfal dootois, is the placing of a homoeopathic practitioner upon Hie oompist sfon. Ax» they afraid, or ashamed, to meet thif mlnorityofone? If I waie a , believer in hoipceopstfhy (which I am not), J would con sider that the rebeatofasftwdron of lancet. ^edaUopatbistabeforethiifingle champion otinothex medjeftl faith* implied a weak: canfee, and fainthearted adherents. TheJn|sfortnnei whioh seem inseparable frota par local fire and marine insurance offices suggest another and still more im portant ooaiiderattoo. WJiat If It be found somefatoreday that onr.iife asssurance companies are In m better position t&an; those oqvpHng fit» and sea.risks t Giving these Institutions credit for carefoland honest mkaasaoient, itmigiit still happen that pge^a jams had been too small, that profit dis.: tribptions hadbeen too laigs, and that enough mi>ney lu^not been reserved to meet distant , dfcajih contingencies, .There Is but one way of <jlearly ascertaining this, and that 1s to secure first-class actuarial investigation, and to be *nided in the fatttteby«BQh results as this.would disclos?, 'Jfh^^dviintafe of a test 6f wis kind bai already beon proved. The Australian &utu;*l Provident 8oclety (which will ere nmy yean be probably in receipt of larger annual premiuou than anyother lib company in the world) need to divide very large profits. Doubts, however. -yarose as to tlie propriety of such lavish distribution. To solve the question conclusively, a first-class London actuary was offered and accepted an appointment from the society. The result of his first investigation was, that a sum of £50,000, which would have been otherwise scattered in bonuses was kept back at the actuary's suggestion, thus increasing the stability of the institution. If directors and managers cannotsucceedin conducting fireand marine insurance risks which are so- quickly determined, what hope can there be of their better management where the determination of the risk is remote (as it is in life business), and a radical defect may not disclose itself for many years. I don't know anything so obviously important, so little cared for, as the safety of our life assurance companies. No scrutiny can be too close, no test too crucial, to avert such a catastrophe as that of the ill fated but worse-managed European Insurance Company. Tasmanians hare been blithe and gay. They have acted and raced -they have danced and flirted. In the exuberance of their spirits and the heartiness of their hos pitality they have been " going on anyhow." There is, however, a skeleton in the closet The ghost in thtfback-parlour refuses to be laid. The position of the Launceston and Deloraine Railway is one which puzzles the whole financial ability of the colony, and no one can foresee the find out- come of the tangle. It wont pay to carry on the traffic, and the traffic can't be stopped. It may have the curious effect (for a railway line) of adtually depopulating the district through which it runs. I don't suppose that a similar complication ever before arose. Without being absolutely precise, the general position is this: There is a special railway rate on the lands through which the line runs, amounting to 3s. 4d. in the pound. This is independent of, and beyond ordinary taxation. The traffic is carried on at a Ion of about £100 per week. It will neither pay to stop the trains, nor to ran them. If stopped, the income from the special rate ceases; if carried on there will soon be nobody left either to pay the rate, travel 6a the line, or transmit produoe over it The'pajtts ol the special rate are making effotts to get out of this liability, but they are, in sailors' phraseology, "hard up in a clinch." Perhaps Mr. O'SVianaasy (who is a great financial luminary, and has had some experience of an unprofitable rail way line) could, during his visit, recreate him self by solving this little difficulty lift the sorely exercised Tasmanians. Ee is at it again. Mr. Spain, a legal manager (who really should not be tied down to so ppsaic * pursuit), dazzled the shareholders of the^ookey mine with visions of England, home, and beauty as the immi nent consequence of owning that very peculiar stock. Ab<?ut another mine, the' Prince Alfred, GippeLsnd, he has faUeninto freeh ecstacies. He furnishes a report of prp digious dimensions, of which tins is a sample"Ten months ago when adver sity had fairly set in, and clamour was rampant, I intimated that the time would certainly arrive when I Bhould be enabled to refnte every accusation, and substantiate the statement that the Prince Alfred would become a wealthy and important company. Gentlemen, -'that time has arrived, and I am tirepaxed 'to fulfil the undertaking I then pledged myself to accomplish, to leave not * clutfge tiuanswered, but to convince the weak-hearted of the soundness of my judgment, and satisfy them of the integrity of my motives. ... Frankly, and I trust comprehensively, I have endeavoured to impress on your minds, with all the full, unerring form that troth' can convoy, my obssciehtibns belief of your mine's worth, and it is not enthusiasm, .but a well grounded opinion, justified by fair inference, which prompts me to admit the probability that, attendant on successful development in the present, level, and a display equal to that exhibited ini the' Concord; the stock will yet be in great dftmslnfl at prices far in exoe88 of those now ruling, and even when they shall have' advnncedto * double their present value," &c.; After these, glowing j periods it most have r&ther; a chilling effect, to leam from Mr. Spain that "the income ' for tbe half-year has be$nderived exclusively , , frojn capital accountobjaioed by six calls qf la. e&cl;}and from. the * mining manager that' "the operations at the .mine' for the paat half-year have been on a father limited scale.1" The drop from fhe'sublime is just a little abrupt " . Based ont^e suggestion of a fiobson's Bay batman, I urged some time Ago the necessity of jiettingiunder the gangways oonnecting sbips'and the' wharves. It was p6inted out that at that time a precaution which was taken In respect of i bale of wool was neg lected as regarded human life. The proposal net with faytmr, 'and the ose ot nettings has Idnpe inslstedupdu. Thatthe precaution hasbeenof somensemay bepresumed from thedescription ofthe accident whicEoocurred through the breaking d the Thermopyiee's gangway at ttwjUtflvpiyr o® Sunday last. By the way, howisitaaoertainadthatall the perpoaa whpiyjjge precipitated into the Bay on that occasion wweMied out? Whooounted heads on thegaagwaybefore the accident? 3jhmfc'«flaii^ National Collection. There can be no mistake abojat the icit.jfc' »n< indbfatigablspateon ottlie institution has forwarded mea oopy, and h^s very properiy directed me to remit to him Bd. therefor. The list lot paintfrig»-15 mily-showa, however, that the inttfpgue fi wmewhat out oldate. and. « «ew edittofc ii retailed. Some «oo| wiU Mribe ltom ^ diasenUnation of Jaimledfte that a aatdogaa&Ms; exist and that in this, as in most other respects, the oci^nators and manacets of oar admirable 0^eyttyen 'Change, thatthe an(ta*riten have wirrowly missed another exciting event and the speculators in wrecked cargoes one mora opportunity of making- a-, profitable venture. Through an accident to the tog-\ boat, it ii said: that the fine shipWimmfera, outward bound, was for a. abort time in | imminent peril of getting on the rocks, and tbat her safety is dne to the presence of mind ahd skill of pilot Jtockett Profiting by the example of the Sydney I Telegraph Office, some of the Melbourne messengers are now mounted on horseback. i | I am not at all sure that it is regarded as a I necessary part of the duty of a mounted messenger to ride over wayfarers in the street, as was triumphantly accomplished by one of the smallest boys upon one of the biggest horses on Tuesday last; In a letter, which has been for some time under water in the mail-room of the Rangoon, Dr. Ozanne, late of Launoeston and now ini Guernsey, objects to certain statements re garding the wreck of die Queen of the Thames and Captain M'Donald's conduct, with which his name was associated in " Talk on 'Change." As the interest in that unfor. tunate wreck has waned, this disclaimer will serve the end Dr. 0. has in view, without reproducing his communication in fulL The original information, which may have unin tentionally changed its complexion in transmission, came through a trustworthy channel, and purported to be derived from a letter received from Dr. Ozanne, the contents of which were communicated tome, only two persons intervening between the recipient and myself. The Minister of Lands has a well-grounded dread of indigestion. He has been in New South Wales and means to stay there for a time. There is only one way of expediting his return. A cessation of invitations to political dinners might accelerate his home ward movement. He is, in fact, waiting till the Ministerial feeds in the recess are over, and the more serious, but relatively Iras un wholesome, work of the session commences. Mr. Coppin is really a marvel of energy. He has played many parts. He has served his country as a low comedian, a land-jobber, a speculator in talent, a Legislative Coon, cillor, and has not scqmed the municipal chamber. He has now evidently determined to try conclusions with Mr. Henry Miller as a bank director. Might not the multiplicity of his occupations occasion some confusion? Might not Mr. Coppin attend the board-room . some morning in the character and costume of Jem Bagps, or might not Theophilus Dodge discuss on the stage of the Royal the semi weekly list of bills for discount? He has undoubtedly assisted in breaking down that mbnoply of the Government account which six banks have hitherto enjoyed to the disadvantage of the rest And the gratitude of the proprietors for this signal service won him his seat and the emoluments thereto apper taining. The market is bare of incident People are behaving with marvellous, not to say disheartening, propriety. There has been nothing very shocking tor nearly a fortnight or else the perpetrators are using the public badly by meanly keeping their misdeeds secret There has been no occasion for that sympathy for other people's misfortunes which has been construed as satisfaction at their occurrence. Things cannot go on in this way for any lengthened period. There is one story about of a gentleman who called a meeting of his creditors, and laid his affairs before them. After looting at the books, a friendly creditor pointed oat that a Urge business had been done, and still might be done; but that no one could manage it so well « the gentleman who had called them together. He therefore proposed tbat the business should be carried on for the benefit of the creditors by this gentleman, to whom an allowanoe of £700 a year might be given. Bat to this the parson directly in* tereeted promptly and decisively objected He oouldn't, he said, live an £700 per annum, and he wasn't going to try. If they wanted cheap labour they had better try elsewhere. J5GLES. 