BELFAST. (FBOM OUE OW OOEKESPJKDKNX.) August 12. The annual ' flash in the pin' consequent upon the vacancies occurring in our Shire and Borough Councils may be said to be now over, and with it the harmless excitement indispensable on such occasions. A little new blood has been introduced into both bodies, Mr. Sampson Nickle, a farmer of Yambuk, having secured a seat at the Shire -~lnnn/,i? £fi.rtlp. ll£Afcinfr MV {'Villta Jamaa nna of tfce retiring members, by the narrow majority of one. This division of the Shire has not hitherto had a resident representative, and, consequently, has been rather neglected thai otherwise. For the Borough, Mr. A. T. Woods will take the seat vacated by Cr. Southcombe, who declined to stand for re election. Mr. Woods is connected with the shipping firm of Grant and Woods, and will, no doubt, successfully bring his practical business acumen to bear on the various ques tions of moment to the Borongh. The other candidates nominated — Hes-Bre. F. Tilley (of the Commercial Hotel) and John Lee (mail contractor) — evidently thought 'discretion the better part of valor,'1 and accordingly withdrew their candidature, much to the disgust of some few of the 'unwashed,' whose hopes of a ' cheap drunk' were thus dashed to the ground. Even the prospect of an election meeting failed to release our townspeople from tbe ennta that has taken possession of them, for at a public meeting convened by the Mayor, at the request of certain ratepayers, for the purpose of hearing tbe views held by the candidates for municipal honours, onlythree persons attended, namely, the Chairman, your correspondent, and a blackf ellow ! But an excuse may be made for this apathy in election affairs by con sidering but for a moment the intense excite ment the community has been labouring under for weeks past owing to the interest taken in the snarling over an old midwife between the Spectator and our sensation loving Gazette (!) combined with the antici pation raised in connection with an event just passed, which event, it is to be hoped, will bear its impress on a future generation when ' cycles of years shall hive spent their course.11 I allude to the interesting ceremony bo graphically described in the last usue of the Gazelle, when the foundation-Btone of Messrs. Button Bros.1 new premises was solemnly laid. The usual exercises were conducted by one of the 'brethren' in a manner worthy the occasion. AHnding to the ceremony just performed, as an evidence of 'their great faith in the future,11 a plenteous outpouring of the spirit followed, which evidently made a deep impression on the assembled multitude. The Belfast Building Society is in extremis, and now abont to give up the ghost, chiefly, it is whispered, through the 'huckstering' of some of its shareholders, A special meet ing is called for Thursday next, to consider the position, and it is expected that there will He nice iuo w uj. The Agricultural Association has purchased a couple of buildings, to be erected on the gronnd lately given them by the Govern ment. The Society will stand a good show this year, thengh it has decided not to have a 'fair11 show. The Moyne Steam Navigation Company promoters have 925 shares taken up, and are sanguine that the Company will be success fully floated. Hib Honor Jndge Forbes rattled throngb the County Court business on Friday last The cases being of no particular importance to your readers, may be omitted. The Amateur Dramatic Sopiety, ere this it published, will have given their fifth per formance. Tbe pieces selected are 'Milky White' and ' The Steeplechase.' Possibly I may take the liberty of making a critique in my next. I hear that a very good feeling exists between the Clubs of the sister towns Belfast and Warrnambool, and it is not im probable that an exchange of stages will be shortly made, ? ' 