LEADING QUESTIONS ABOUT ST. PATRICK. Does not the Roman-catholic Historian, Dr. Lanigan, . prove, on the authority of Prosper of the 5th century, that Christianity was estab lished in Ireland before Rome sent her first mis- sionary to it? He says, "It is, however, uni versally admitted, that there were Christian Congregations in,,. Ireland before the mission of Palladius, which took place iu 431, of which, were there ' no other ; proof, the' testimony of Prosper forms sufficient evidence. For in his Chronicle at that year (431) lie says, that. Palla dius was sent to Scots believing in Christ, as he informs us -elsewhei-e, to the Scots living m Ireland V" (Lanigan's Eccles. History Yol. i;, n. 9). ' And does Hot the Romish Historian, O'Hallo- ran, ' as clearly state, that Christianity was in troduced into Ireland not by the Romish, but by tlio Eastern - Church, thus-:— " At a very early, period was Christianity preached in Ire land. The ' constant''.' ennuty between this' country and' ancient Rome, . prevented any kind of friendly intercourse. This doctrine (Christi anity) came not' immediately from thence here, but from the Churches of Asia" &e.; "The political enmity betwixt Rome and Ire land, cut off all communication between them. Ilie Irish, received the- faith from the early Asiatic or African Churches ; and Palladius was., therefore the first bishop sent from; Rome to establish the Roman hierarchy here. " "It is most certain, that' before, during, and for two centuries after his (St. Patrick's) death, the Irish Church adhered most strictly to the Asiatic, Churches in these modes of discipline?" (O'Halloran's Hist of Ireland, Yol. iii. pp. 7, 11,15.) Again, O'Halloran says, the Irish "Arch bishops aud bishops were appointed without consulting Romo; bishops were multiplied at the wills of the metropolitans ; they consecrated bishops for foreign missions, and these mission- iaries, in many instances of discipline, opposed the mandates of Rome ; us Golumba in Scutiand, Einiau and Column in England, Oollumbauus in France, St. Gall iii Germany, &c.; For more than- five centuries after, the death of St. Patrick, 'wc scarce trace any vestiges of a correspondence between Borne and Ireland, and in this interval, in many instances, - we find Rome looked upon ' several of ' our missionaries -with a: jealous eye ?" ! (O'Halloran's Hist, of Ireland, Vol. ii. pp. xxvi. xxvii.) ' Why cannot any Roman Catholic Priest pro duce any ancient reliable evidence that St. Patrick ever was in Rome, or that lie received his com mission from the Pope ? Is 'it not an historical fact, that the first . writer who made the unauthorised assertion of his Romish Mission, was Nemiius, a British Monk, who lived (according to Dr. Lanigan) "about the middle of the 9tli century " (Eccles. Hist., vol. i., p. 112), that is upwards of 400 years after St. Patrick's arrival iu Ireland ? Does not Dr. Lanigan convict this very Nennius of making unsupported statements. (Ib. vol. i.,p. 190), and does not his book abound with evident falsehoods and the grossest exaggerations ? Why did Prosper, the intimate friend and faithful historian of Pope Celestine, who wrote on all the public affairs connected with the then Pope and Church of Rome, and published the third edition of his book in the year 455 (that is, 123 years after St. Patrick commenced his mis sion in Ireland, a.d. 432), carefully record the remarkably unsuccessful mission of Palladius, the Romish Missionary in Ireland (a.d. 431), being openly rejected by the Irish, who denounced h;m " as a suspicious and dangerous innovator," aud forced him to quit the Island (See Ccrew's Eccles. His., pp. 32 — 4) ; and yet make no allu sion ivhatcver to the pre-eminently successful mis sion of St. Patrick ? Why did the eminout Roman- catholic histo rians, Bede (who published his work in the year 731) and P latin a (who wrote the lives and the leading events of all tho Popes down to the year 1471), also make mention of Palladinc, and yet not say one word as to whether St. Patrick was sent from Rome, or by the Pope of Rome ? Simply because St. Patrick was not of Rome, nor from Romo. Was not even Dr. Lanigan (the very eminent and decided Roman -catholic historian), in spite of his strong prejudices and private opinions, forced to admit the following historical facts respecting St. Patrick's mission and consecration, thus:— "We should also admit that, according to Probus" (a distinguished Irish historian about the year 920 — Lanigan, Vol. I., pp. IS— 3, " our saint (Patrick was sent to Ireland not by the Pope but by St. German himself (a Gallican bishop) ; for, as the text now stands, neither Rome nor (Pope) Celestine is mentioned, after what we find in capp. 21 and 22?" (Vol. I. note p. 191.) "For it is clear from his own (St. Patrick's) testimony, that from the time he undertook the mission he remained with the Irish people during the whole remainder of his life?" (Vol. I. pp. 181, 319.) %" The account of St. Patrick's consecration by (Pope) Celestine is not to be met with in any of the Lives (of St. Patrick) except those two complications of all stories, viz., Jocolin's and the Tripartite;' whence it made its way into some breviaries (the authorised Latin prayer-book of the Romish priests) ond other late documents?" Vol. I. pp. 191 — 2.) " From what we have now seen, it is evident, as Tillemont has properly observed, that St. Patrick was consecrated in his own country, by which we are not to understand his mere native town, but some place not very far from which his relatives and old friends and acquaintances resided. . This , is an additional proof that he was not consecrated at Rome ?" (Uanigan's Eccles. His., Vol. 1., p. 204.) Is it not a positive fact, that you cannot prove , from any ancient reliable evidence, that St. Patrick professed the present creed of the -Church of Rome I or that beheld aud taught the peculiar and essential doctrines of your Church, such as Papal Supremacy — Infallibility — Clerical Celibacy — Transubstantiation — Sacri fice of the Mass — Communion in one kind — Pur gatory — Invocation of Saints and Angels — Imma culate Conception of B. V.M., <kc., &c;, ! Is it not an undeniable historical fact, that the Irish Church continued free and independent of Rome from the days of St. Patrick to the Council, of Cashel, in the year 1172, at which Council it was thus decreed : — " Likewise that all divine MATTEns be henceforth conducted, agreeably to the practices of the holy (Romau) Church, according as observed by the Anglican Church" (then Roman Catholic) ? (See Lanigan's Ecc. Hist., Vol. iv., p. 207.) Is it not a universally admitted fact, that the " religion, q/' the Church o/"Romo was first forced upon the. Irish nation, in the 12th century, by the Roman Catholic English King Henry II., who invaded Ireland, under tho direct sanction of two Popes (Adrian I V. and Alexander III.) ? .Does not Dr. Lanigani prove, from the great opposition of the Irish clergy and people, that " it lias .been falsely and foolishly said" the Irish bishops tendered obedience to Henry on his landing? Does he not also assert that the decrees of the Council of Cashel. (which - at tempted to set' aside the religion of. the Irish Church; and to introduce that of the Roman) " produced no effect in Ireland, and were dis regarded by the Irish clergy and people, who looked only to their own ecclesiastical rules, as if the Synod of Cashel had never been held ?" (Lanigan's Ecc. Hist., vol. iv., pp. 202, 217, 222.) And does not Professor Carew, of Majr- uooth College, state that the Irish people re fused to pay either tithes or Peter-pence to the Pope, on accouut of the aversion with which they regarded him ? (See Carew's Ecc. Hist. pp. 159, 161, 170, 171.) , Is it not an equally undisputed fact, that Patau Supremacy (temporal or spiritual) was not officially recognised by the Irish people be fore the 12th century ? Professor Carew, of Maynootli College, asserts that "no document can be adduced to show, that they (the Irish) ever recognised in the Romau Pontiff the right to exercise any temporal dominion over them " (Carew's Ecc. Hist., p. 161) : Dr. Keating, the Roman-catholic historian, also proves, from numerous testimonies which he mentions ' ' that the Roman Pontiff had not tho supreme author ity in tho island, from the time of St. Patrick till the English arrived, under Henry II., aud settled in the country "(Keating's General Hist., Book ii., p. 328) ; and tlio learned Dr. O'Conor, a Roman- catholic priest, states, "That the Irish Bishops were always elected by the Irish Clergy, with the approbation of their chiefs, and without any interference or even knowledge of Home, down to tho English Invasion in the 12th century; nor was the Pope's confirmation ever -asked, until Henry II., bartered tho Irish liberties for the - Pope's consent to his usurpation of Ire- ' land, " &c..;? (O'Conor's C'olumbauus, Letter v... p. 45). . ' , If the Creed of the Romish Church (com monly called the creed of Pope Pius IV.), was not drawu up or known until a. d. 1564, under Pope Pius IV;, that is about ten hundred and anil seventy-two years after the death of St. Patrick (a.d. 492), how, could we have known or believed it ? And i3 not the creed which the Protestant Church professes (the Nicoue), ' sub stantially the same old creed, and the only one, that St. Patrick confessed ? St. Patrick's Creed. — "There neither is, nor was, nor will he, before, or since, any other God, except our unbe- gotten God, the Father, without begin ning, from whom is all beginning. For by him all things, visible and invisible, were made; - By him was begotten his consuhstantial Son, I who was made man, aud who, having conquered death, was assumed by his father into heaven. He gave him all power over every name, of those that arc in heaven, 011 earth, and in hell, that every tongue might confess that the Lord Jesus Christ is in the glory of God the father, whom we believe, and expect to come, as the future judge of the living and the dead : who will render to every one according to his works, and pour out abundantly upon us the gifts of tlic Holy Ghost, and the pledge of immortality — making those who believe and obey him, to be come thu sons of God the Father, whom we con fess and adore, as one Gn.l, in the Trinity of his holy name.''— (Priest Himilton's tract 011 St. Patrick's Confession, &c.;, pp. vii. 4.) Again, I ask, is any one of the peculiar doctrines or arti cles of the Romish Creed to be found in this Creed : Is not the Celibacy of the Clergy, as authori tatively enjoyed by the modern Church of Rome, a mark of the Apostacy (1 Tim. iv., 1, 3 ?) 'Was not St. Peter himself a married man (Matt. viii. 14 ; Mark i. 30 ?) And did not St. Paul give special directions to the married bishops and clergy of his day respecting their families (1 Tim. 5ii. ; Tit. i. 5, G?) Was clerical celibacy the doctrine or discip line of St. Patrick or the Ancient Irish Church ? Did not St. Patrick in his Confession, distinctly state that both -his father and grandfather were married clergymen, thus: — "I. Patrick, a sin ner, had for my father Calpurnius, a Deacon, and for my grandfather, Portitus, a Priest" (or Presbyter — " Presby terns") ? (Sec Professor C'arew's Eccles. Hist. p. 40 ; also Villanueva's Sar.cti Pataici; Opuscula, p. 184.) And does not the 6th of the Ecclesiastical Canons ascribed to St. Patrick, direct " that 110 clergymaii's wife should walk abroad without a veil upon her head" '! (ee Priest Joachimus L Villanueva's St. Patricii Synodi Canones ct Opuscula, &c.; , p. 2\. Dublin 1833.) Do not historians generally, admit th.it the Irish clergy, before Malacliy's time (a. d. 1140), need to marry ? and that Malacliy's predeccs- sers in the See or Armagh, for many generations, were the legitimate sons of their predecessors in the same See ? Has not the Modern Church of Rome, then, by absolutely forbidding her clergy to marry, departed from the teaching and prac tice of Apostolic Christianity, of the Ancient Irish Church, and of St. Patrick, whose clergy were freely allowed to marry any to remain married ? Did St. Patrick hold the Romisli doctrine of Purgatory when he writes thus — Do Tribus Habitaculus — "There are three habitations under the power of the Almighty: the first, the lowest .and the middle ; the highest of which is called the kingdom of God or heaven, the lowest is termed hell, and the middle is named the -present world or the circuit of the earth. The extremes of these habitations are altogether contrary to each other, but the middle hath some resem blance to the extremes. For in this world thero is a mixture of good and bad ; whereas in the kingdom of God there are none bad but all good ; but in hell there are none good but all bad; and both these places are supplied out of the middle. For of the inen of this world, some are exalted to heaven, others are thrust down into bell. . . . ' The blessed are called to -the kiiigdoin prcparcd for them from the beginning of the world, and the wicked are driven into eternal fire, which is prepared for the devil and his angels?" (Priest Brenan's Eccles. Hist., Vol. i., p. 442). There is not a single word in this entire treatise'.' nor in any of his otlier 'works, directly or indirectly, about Purgatory or Limbo, nor of their being supplied out of earth, nor of 'heaven being supplied out of them. Was not the faith of St. Patrick, respecting the future condition of the just, the same as that of Protestants ? Isitnot evident, that St. Patrick did not iustitute the Romish doctrine of the Sacrifice of the Mass, nor that even tlic Sacrifice of Christ availed for .the dead, but only for the living, as Protestants believe? Priest Villanneva thus quotes St. Patrick's own words : — "He who was not worthy to receive the Sacrifice (of Christ) in his life time, how can he be assisted by it after his death ?" (Villanueva's St. Patricii Opuscula, cap. xii. p. 205.) Did not St. Patrick use communion tables or altars of wood, as Protestants do, and not altars of stone, as the Romanists "do ? Does not Dr. fLanigan, the Roman Catholic, Historian, dis tinctly sfafce, that it was John Corny n, or Chimin (the first English R.C. Archbishop in Dublin) who first hod a ,'canon made at the Synod of Dublin, ..a. d. 1186, which " prohibits priests from celebrating Mass on a Wooden Table (or altar), according to the usage of Ireland ?" And does he not also, make the following remark on this canon, "that before the ' times of C'on- stantiue the (Great the Christian altars or holy tables were generally made of wood;" And he adds, "It is thereforo not to be wondered at, that the Irish made their altars of wood from the beginning, and that they con tinued to do so in consequence of their steady attachment to the practices received from St. Patrick 3" (Lanigan's Eccles. Hist., Vol. iv., pp. 257. 264, 200, 272.) Bid. St. Patrick refuse the Sacramental cup to the laity ? Was it not (first denied to the lay people by the Council of Constance in the year 1418:? Was not this nine hundred and eiglity- six years after St. Patrick's arrival in Ireland as a missionary ? Why do Romisli priests with hold the -cup in the Lord's Supper from the laity, when iit was divinely appointed as a necessary ' part of the Sacrament (see Matt. xxvi. 27, 28 ; 1 Cor. xi. 25, 20); and when such a Roman- catholic divine as Dr. Doyle (see his Abridgment' of Christian Doctrine, p. 83,) admits that the Laity communicated under both kinds in the primitive Church ; and when shell a Roman- cotholic historian as Mr. Lanigan states that " it is not denied that in old times it (communion under both kinds) was practised in Ireland as well as everywhere else ?" (Lanigan's Eccles. Hist., Vol. iii., p. 310.) As the "third part of the Hail Mary" was not instituted by the Church of Rome until the . fourteenth century (see Priest Power's transla tion of Orsini's History of the devotion to ii. V. M., Pennissu Superiorum, p. 104), how could St. Patrick have taught it to the Irish, much less have been in the liahit of using it him- :»elf ? And as the Immaculate Coxcefit on of the Virgin Mary was not decreed until the year 1854, by the Church of Rome under Pope Pius IX., how could it then have been believed or taught by St. Patrick ? Besides, there is not even the mention of the name of the Virgin Mary once in any of his authentic writings, much less of any prayer addressed to lier, or any doctrine respecting her. Did not St. Patrick when surrounded by im mense dangers on his way to Tarah in Month, to preach the Gospel before the King and States of Ireland, invoice only the dlf.ssed trinity, and conclude liis scriptural prayer thus — " Christ be 'with me, Christ before me, Christ after 111c, Christ in mo, Cbrist under mc, Christ over me, Christ at my right hand," Christ 011 my left, Christ at this side, Christ at that side, Christ at my back. May Christ be in the heart of each person to whom I may speak, Christ in the mouth of eacli person who speaks to me, Christ in each eye which sees me, Christ in each ear which hoars mo ?" (Priest Hamilton's Life of St. Patrick, p. 7. ) Not one sentence of the Hail Mary in the whole prayer, nor of any other prayer peculiarly Romish. The Romish historian, O'Halloran, bears the following testimony to Ireland's ancient glory, and her independence of, and opposition, to Rome: — "Hitherto we have seen the Irish, a brave, a powerful, and a learned nation ; extend ing their arms, as well as their arts, over the neighbouring nations, and acquiring glory before the Romans themselves had yet a name! When these conquerors had subdued almost the whole world, Ireland alone, tlio Virgin Island, re mained secure and unmolested ! her gallant sons scorning the Roman name, did not tamely wait their attacking them at home. They sought them in Britain, Gaul, and Italy, and by their prowess there,- convinced them what kind of reception they Were likely to meet with, should they dare to face tlicir own coasts. They united with the Germans, the Gauls, and all the sons of liberty ; and by this union was the Bomau power at length totally annihilated. The recep tion of (Romish) Christianity was a mortal bloio to the greatness of Ireland. This new religion introduced a kind of doctrine before unknown to the people." (O'Halloran's Hist, of Ireland, Vol. i. pp. 215, 210). Dear lloman Catholic Friends, — Scripture and history are alike opposed to the claims of the Modern Chu rch of R om e. Ask your own Clerejy to answer the above questions, if they can, hut do not rest satisfied with their unproved and unsatisfactory statements. Why will yon remain in a Church which was never acknowledged in Ireland till it was forced upon the Irish people in the twelfth century, and which has been the chief cause of all her woes ? Why will yon not return to the Old . Religion, the religion of St. Patrick — the religion of the Bible — the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ? .N.B. — The above Roman Catholic authorities are not quoted in , preference to Protestant authorities, or because ' tliey are stronger or more reliable, brit because t'liey more unobjec tionable aiul convincing to Roman Catholics. Pnrt of St. Patrick's ArmoUr at Tara, as Trans lated by Ike J lev. Dr. Todd, S.F.T.C.D., ' St. Patrick, Apostle of Ireland : A Memoir of his Life and. 'Mission. 'f bind to myself to-day, the Power of God to bind me, the Might of God to uphold me, the Eye of God to watch over mc, the Ear of God, to hear me, 'the Word of God to give mt; speech, the Hand of God to protect me, the Way of God to prevent me, the Shield of God to shelter me, the Host of God to defend me, against the snares of demons, against the temp tation of vices, against the Insts of nature, against every man who meditates to injure me. Whether far or near, with few or with many. Christ with me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ,, within ine, Christ beneath me, Christ above me, Christ at my right hand, Christ at my left, Christ in the fort, Christ in the chariot- seit, Christ in the poop. Christ in the heart of every man who thinks of me, Christ in the mouth of every man who speaks to me, Christ in every eye that hears me. I hind to myself to-day, a strong power of an invocation of the Trinity, the faith of the Trinity in Unity, the Creator of the Elements. Domini est Sains, Domini, est. salus, Christi est salus, Salus tua Doniineesit semper nobiscum.' — pp. 426—429. 