FAIR PLAY— A BRIGHT JEWEL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. SIR,—As you generally show a desire to let your social and political opponens have the use of your columns to obtain justicee, I now solicit a small space to treat of a matter that has raised both fire and smoke in Victorian society of late. I allude to the meanness attributed to Lord Viscount Canterbury by Mr George Coppin, and to the, to me, at present unaccountable indiscretion of Mr Coppin in assuming a role that must seriously, I think, prejudice his success hereafter. It is not for me to ques tion his motives ; all I do is to condemn his indiscretion, even If he were correct in accusing the Governor ot mean- ness. But it is with his detractors, and another phase of vice-regal meanness preferred against Lord Canterbury that I will now deal. I have had the pleasure of being acquainted with Mr Coppin for a quarter of century, and so far as my knowledge of him goes, I never knew a more just and liberal nor more honorable man; and I blush for those, who think with me, perhaps, that he has committed himself gravely in this matter, are all striving to see who will throw the most of the same article— mud— at him ; that they accuse him of soiling Canterbury's satin breeches with. One of our favo rite poem described these, poor-spirited people who generally wait till a strong man falls before they venture near enough to kick him, as a Set of mangy mongrels emeUiog at and gently approsehingx dead Uonbriore they dare raise their legs to record the contempt ia which they bold the dead body of a noble brute, which U alive would have frightened them to death. I dare to eay, Sir. that amoogthe whole list of Coppin'e detract ore there is not one miTOwho oaa ooosoientioQsly say " I never did bo bad a thing/' There is not one, $ir, among them whose public or private character will mine with more lustre than CopplnV. There is not one, Sir, who will dare to eay that Coppin has not acted hia part in life as a man and a gentle- Leaving Coppin, I now would draw attention to a cor respondence pahHshed in the Herald. The Omr»er, and other papere not many days . ego, relative to ibe way In which the eame Lord Viae aunt Canterbury treated Mr Gilbert Koberts. I have waited patiently to eee if the amiable Uentaut EothweU wocitd have anything to say on "that X hire gon nothing— if you have, perhaps you will ootrect me —und therefore conclude he hu BOthtflg to say. Well, theo, I may oppose the ootreepo&denoe.; is perfectly!. soRecfc. I &eve; not acen eMber Cut any of ttua throws of mud and riime at Mr ppppln bare ventured to torn that dainty dish, which In my humble opinion waa the eaum of the moetimpb- Offible meanneee. Pray do not took upon na as one opposed to rank and faddon, tor £ on admire tad almost worship eneoinstaM's man, -whether tey -wrar crown, m coronet, coral or - MUj-eodfc It ia only Rie cosntoieiH I detest eot«epond«ee betansa the flomnor and Mr Gilbert Bobon was oomct, X say--TOt it is reeord ( of meaaneaa and «f rindtatinQm that has no parallel to to uuk oi Uu repmentitlne ot royklty t home or abroad » for as I read It, it arawt neither more lem tten ttkie Mr Roberts xpfOeA four times tor mney due to ton laat ha fot cu uokimwtadfifleQt that a portion ol that utoeat m due to him, bnt Tor hSs im- pertlfteaoe in Importuning the Bownw tor what was aft it wsi pata erer «o tue edoiil 8flaH et Mr Bobertt estate. O ttw prisdpta that smasurfrtrepoadble far tbeaetaaf biBBCTrntoT "My Xordoi Cantartmry mnet. lflUfmQee,hevespostitofi for too wxmm ehowfi by htt private secretory in this matter. aaKLxr a ghost. Banisyoog, oth Jeaaacy. 