A Visit to the Republican Head quarters—the Hole-in-the-Wall. The meetings of the London Republicans have been visited by the correspondent of a morning journal, and he thus accurately de scribes, in amusing terms, the scenes he wit nessed. He says that he went with a corres pondent of an American journal to 'inter- view' English Republicanism at its headquar ters, the Hole-in-the-Wall. A'public meeting had been called to consider Sir Charles Dilke's Newcastle speech, and many eminent preach ers of the new political gospel were expected to attend, so that, to use one of my friend's phrases, it was tolerably clear the ' pow-wow' would be one of no ordinary interest. So it turned ouc. as a wigwam we noieintne Wall can scarcely be considered a success. It is a dingy, saw-dusty, dimly-lit tavern, which the unlearned might easily mistake for a beer shop, and wonder how the deuce the blinds became so faded even in that. We passed the bar, where some of the orators of the evening were busy taking ' nips,' and were directed upstairs to the 'fust door' as 'we come to,' which having reached, we entered the room. I had never been to a Republican 'pow-wow' in It1m#*l*n«1 KafWi*A Kilt. T Lrnanr m«» mam anrl T IU UUKMUU VV1U1V| WM-W *? MIVT ^UJ UltUt a LIU ?*? take tbis opportunity of saying that better fellows. never played either at Republicanism, skittles, or any other game ; ao I was some what prepared for the scene which opened upon us. I was, however, uncharitable enough to enjoy the twitch which came over the features of my companion, who, unlike most American correspouueuia ui uiy twquiuuuuice, ia a aowu right, earnest, divine right Republican. Poor man, I knew what his eye was retting on — that fuuny little plaster of Paris image of Garibaldi, which had been decorated with a sash of red riband by one artist, and a cleverly executed black eye, by another, possibly a rival, waa too marked a feature to escape ob servation at a mteting called to protest against the gewgaws and fripperies of « that system of government called Monarchy.' The room waa tolerably full of men and women, and in tolerably of a white, choking mist, for, as if to hurl defiauce at the memory of the late jtoyal author of the 'Counterblast,' the Re publicans present seemed to puff tobaoco smoke more persistently than they did Sir Charles Dilke. Beer was on the tables and the waiter ia the room. The chairman, hor rible to relate, aat under a canopy of state and UDon a throne, and as we entered was despotically ruling a poor speaker out of order for merely having declared, with some empha aU, that the Prince of Wales was a 'thief, a blackguard, and ' wuss.' The ' wubs' was the straw whioh broke the leea advanoed camels' backs, so ? geatleman rose to order, with the result that freedom of speech was curtailed in the manner stated. Tho people present were neither more nor less than ave rage English working folk. Their faces had the usual clean, slate- like want of expression so characteristic of our race; the repose of feature which is the infallible sign of energy held in reserve, instead of being allowed to waste itself on the perpetual figuring of sums, merely to wipe them out again and begin all over afresh, So anti-conspirator like were these men and women that it is doubtful whether the whole sixty or seventy present could nave raised a really evil wish between them for any government on earth. -At home 1 was one of the ' roughs,' who, believing themselves kept out of Hyde Park by arbit rary and illegal force, were present when the railings fell, and I remember how my usually placid fellow-countrymen appeared under the goad of what was felt to be a .real grievance and an (infringement of that liberty which, depend upon it, half the men of the Holein the-Wall were ready that night to die for. The only earnest Republican is Mr. Odger, who mentioned that he was commissioned by a rich gentleman, whose name he did not men tion, to purchase the first house he could find suitable for meetings. It was muttered very close to the table we sat at, that the sign of the meeting-house would be the ' Sir Charles the First,' but who the mysterious and muni ficent patron could be puzzled all of us greatly. The most applauded and moderate, but by no means the best speech of the even ing, was made by a gentleman who opposed the Republicans. He frankly pleaded guilty to having saved £1000, and by a train of rea soning which must have been even more satis factory to himself than his audience, he con cluded that this sum under a Republic would be worth exactly ,£500. But, although slightly illogical, he was an awkward customer to jeer at, as poor Odger soon found ; for, in answer to a good-natured but meaning laugh from the .latter, which plainly meant, 'I'll take the ghost's word for £1000,' the speaker turned upon the interrupter and made the one brilli ant hit of the evening. 'Yea, Mr. Odger may laugh,' said the man of property, ' but when I mention one fact, which I .challenge him to deny, the laugh will be on 'the other side of the mouth. You say,' he continued, ' that you are rapidly educating the people of England up to Republicanism. Good ! You have had a newspaper preaching that doctrine for nearly a year, and you have had so many converts that you are not able to bring the next number out without getting up a raffle for a blanket' This sally (which was true) was greeted with roars and screams of laugh ter, in which Mr. Odger joined, until I saw the tears running down his good-humoured face. The great speech of the Republicans waa, of course, Mr. Odger's, and a capital speech it was — neat, to the point, moderate, and without statistics, on which sharp rocks all the others had been dashed to pieces. It was, however, as perfectly natural, one long psalm of joy over one British baronet who had repented. Tho Throne may come, tho Throne may go, but our baronetcy shall go on for ever. 1 cannot help wishing that Sir Charles Dilke had paid a visit to theHole-inthe-Wall before going to Newcastle. The levity, roll icking fun, and impartiality of the night's assembly, the vagueness of the speakers, and indifference of those who listened, were more than enough to convince any twin playing for a less stake than the Presidency of ' Greater Britain,' that Britons never,- never, never will become crotchetmohgers. 