-? OTm ADELAIDE LiSTTEE. (From our own Correspondent.). . . Adelaide,' Octotier 12. That 'which hath: made Conner wild hath; ?made" Riddoch bold.' The complacency .of' the Government in the matter of the South-Eastern Railway. Bill'has driven the junior member for Light to the-verge of 'desperation^ and it'.has awakened in your senior member a hope that at last " the maddest project that man .could devise" was in a fair way towards self-slfcughtMv' Both the hon. gentlemen have appealed to the House to .assist: thenv towards the. accomplish ment of their; desires) "and both, have received'a very decided ^rebuff;The Ministry. and tliar' do-nothing -policy are ttumphant; "The House declares that the^ilway shall ;be constructed,', but it tantalizes Mr. Cooke :and the people of Narracoorte by . declining' to to' either the day or tlie year for the- commencement of the work. Mr. Riddoch's speech on Friday in moving for leave to introduce a bill to repeal the South Eastern Railway-Act; Iwas anieffective'one, and a long one too, for it occupiedover'half an hour. Had the question been really;,oben for re'rdebate" the probability is that'thie add^/wraidtaw carried conviction to the minds * of'.two or three' waverers j but the-Ministers arid- the House made up their minds to stand "upon safe "ground,' and refused to look behind the Act. , :Mfc/ . Riddoch. pleaded- for. its abolition; first because; it would nave to be amended in any case; and secondly, because it affirmed the necessity of a vejy iimnecessary undertaking: ^He-showed that the traffic would not give, it.ijBJnplcyment. for ' many days in^the year at present, and. that the bpst prospect it~(liel& out for to future"was to. keep it running for a few weeks in the twelve month. With an excruciating attemp^.at'jdcu larity he declared'that' the' palQulations'placed; before the Parliament last . session : had been' cooked-nn implicationj by : the w&y;, which waki indignantly repelled-by <Mr.i Carr, the late Com missioner pf Public Works! . He ridiculed the: new-born zeal- of the soi - disant -member- for 'Narracoorte, reading .fron) Ji; printed report to prove that wlien.a. candidate, for the xepreserita, tion of the Soutfc:Eastj ^^&,',Qonner; '1} ^ Mount Gmb^er'said^drd things of thp railway and' of ttevignoranfprojfnoteis of it residing in Adelaide.' Her further 'gave1 it'as his opinion that the line'-would never ;tiip the Tatiara, but would in eveiy:-sense be a'severe hurdeu upon. the real ratepayers of the district and of the colon jr. Mr. Carr, vehemently supported; the. retention of the Act on the statute-book, describ ing Mr. Eiddoch's statements as airy nothings-. a grim and grisly array of pliantoms-the un assoilzied ghosts "'qf "the arguments used against the Act when it was battling its way through the House. It was probably in con eideration of. their unsubstantial nature that he-; contented himself with bringing against, them, a feeble host'Pf 'stale-assertions and dubious facts.' TheTreasurer. competed for the Speakers eye. with Mr. Conner,, and having caught it , announced, that the Ministry had resolved upon.entrenching themselves behind the Act, thinking that the wisest and the "safest course to pursue'in view of the conflicting opinions entertained; After-or it may have been prior-to^a brief, disquisition from Mr. West, Mr. Conner got an opportuni^r .-of . ^dis tinguishing himself, but he made very indifferait use of it. vThe~direct .evidence of his tergiver sation placed, before the House robhedhis style of its fervour and liis 'advocacy of much of its' weight. He drew , largely for Lis credentials upon the Farmers' Club of Narracoorte- a body which was sarcastically described by Mr. Der rington as consisting of three or perhaps four members,-and abused Mr. Singleton's report upon the areas in downright objurgatory terms. Mr. Derrington's speech occupied about half an hour in delivery, and travelled over a portion of the' ground that Mr. Biddoch had previously traversed. Much of it, however, was devoted to reprisals upon Mr. Conner, whose openness to conviction, ingenuity in obtaining A living, and general tendency towards political intrusiveness, were commented upon. The speech, like that of the other member for tbe district, fell upon well-stopped ears, and after a few remarks from Mr. Krichauff in favour of the motion the- diyi- . sion was taken. The Noes were declared to bo in the majority, just as the electric bell -tinkled, the hour for the Orders of the Day. The Eail way Act is still to adorn the Statute Book, but it is.not likely to be acted on just at once. v "We have been deluged-immersed over head, and ears-in privilege, and still are alive. I am not going to inflict upon you even a milder edition, of the same course, but will content myself .with ? giving results. Here they are: On "Wednes day, October 9, Mr. Boucaut in an hour's speech., thickly studded with erudite quotations; aud full , to the brim with constitutional lore, moved reso | lutions affirming that on the Assembly alone-' devolved the duty of determining its privileges . i and rights, -and declaring that the House had certain privileges in the matter of Money Bills, f which it distinctively declined to renounce. .VShatx Commissioner of Crown Lands on behalf of Government joined issue with the mover,; although out of consideration for-future com promises he omitted to state that he should, oppose the proposition, he let it' be distinctly understood that the views of Mr. Boucaut and the Government were wide as the poles asunder. Thereupon the debate was adjourned till Thurs day, when precedency was given to it over Minis- . terial business. About half the members spoke-, and declared in unequivocal language their dis--' agproyal_of the presuzn]>tio»-o£ JJio -Ministry ixz -? ""affecting tottTCtafe'to the Speaker whafT blteiro should, and what bills he should not, present to . the House. Observing how the cat was likely to jump, Mr. Blyth proposed to add to the' motion words which would have amounted t<> strong censure on the Ministry, but considerately announced that ho would not press his amend ment if the Government frankly acknowledged their' past errors, aud promised amendment. The Treasurer, thus cornered, accepted the locUs pceiietcnlia, and benignantly informed*tbe Houso that if he had done anything lie ought not-to have done ho was sincerely sorry for his fault, - and would not offend again. This appeal 'for mercy, which was afterwards supplemented by a. humble apology from the Attorney-General; was_ graciously listened to by tho House,, and absolu tion was granted. The amendment was with drawn, and , the motion in its. entirety carried without objection. What has been done so far is merely the preamble to what has still to bo done. Inasmuch as these preliminaries have-1' occupied several weeks, he would be a bold man who would venture an opinion, as to-the date of the final settlement of the squabble,. The Port Darwinites are getting into difficul ties. It will be remembered how fervenfc.werO: the entreaties of the press tlmt men should not' rashly set out for Palmerston< It-was pointed out that it was not a discreet thing for diggers to go out not knowing what they had to depend uponfor'a.livelihood, and the day of reckoning seems.to be at hand. "Wo learn that new arri vals at Port Darwin are petitioning for work, or to be sent back to tho pastures they have left, which, with the-aid of distance, look enchant ingly green. Thero is -nothing further to report from the reputed gold-fields, and even hope ha3 ceased to tell a flattering tale with regard to the mineral wealth of the north country." Mr. "W. Dillon Cox, who some time ago left Queensland with stock, has reached the Katherine station all well. He reports that the survey parties' have failed in securing a good sita..for . a town at the mouth of the Hoper- information .which, has filled Captain Hart /with exuberant joy,. The Ancient'thinks that this entirely exonerates him for having neglected to send ah overland telegraph expedition to-the Roper, and oue may. expect him to resume'forthw.ith..his;'ppliticat" intrigues. -Tire old mad is-strangely susceptible^ and he will find' that.it wiir require some mom substantial'^"ndence to- right him' in the eyes of the public ia respect to thrit great Koper blunder than any that lias aa yetcome. to hana.-; ; 