GERMANY. BISMARCK AND THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. (Westminster* Gazette.) The Telegraph of March 1st has a remark able article, headed, ' A Coming Struggle in Prussia,' from ' Our own Correspondent,' at Berlin, who observes : — ' The Conserva tive and Catholic peers of Prussia are girding' up their loins for a struggle, which for im portance and severity will probably take its place in history amongst the most momen tous parliamentary contests fought r during Again, ' It is this remarkable person who is about to try a fall with one of the most; combative and stubborn adversaries that our pococurante age can offer for subjugation by the boldest giant-killer amongst living states men. He is going to fight the Church, in Church-loving provinces ; it is to be war a outrance, and both belligerents will use every weapon in their respec tive armouries. I have nay own opin ion as to which will win, at least on the immediate issue ; but,- should that opinion be justified by events, it is very doubtful to me whether His Highness's gain may not prove in the end to be a loss. Prussia's strong suit is Conservatism ; and nothing is more solidly conservative than any priest hood, if Government pats it sufficiently on the back, and allows it to exercise its full in fluence over men's consciences in a direction that tends to the securing of its own inter ests. Any Church has everything to fear from Democracy, with its twin riders, Com munism and Atheism — from Revolution, which confiscates property, abolishes bene fices, and frequently shoots or otherwise finally disposes of ecclesiastics; while it asks no better than to prop up with might and main a Monarchy that confirms its privileges and guarantees its very existence. The minds of many intelligent men here are much troubled with respect to the counter challenge which Prince Bismarck has re turned to the defiance of the Bishops and the hostile demonstration of the Vatican The more philosophical say, 'Why cannot he let them alone? The Boman Church is slowly perishing of atrophy; faitb » a commodity that is rapidly disappear jng. from the European market; per secute, and you will raise up a le cion of ghosts that are more than half laid already. The Conservatives — that is, the ; people who have a good deal to lose — say,' Confound Bismarck for not letting well alone. If h,e succeed in secularising educa tion' the rising generation will not be taught that' it is the duty of every humbly -born individual to be thankful for his daily ration, and 'always keep his proper station. Religion jneans discipline; and without discipline Prussia, and with Prussia we ourselves, must go to pot.' The Catholics themselves are furious, of course. I don't think the moderate Liberals are best pleased — in fact, hone hail the onslaught with true joy and sympathetic shouting but the. Red crew, which has every thing to gain from the loosening of bonds, and nothing to lose from any disintegrating pro cess whatever. There are plenty of Commu nists in Prussia ; more dangerous ones, per haps, than their French brethren, for they are of ? 'cooler temper and longer patience. They- are. all for division of property, and hold that labour is the only permissible capi tal.'' Af(ain, 'A German, Frenchman, or Italian, is a liberal so long as he wants anything belonging to some one else, when he has got it, he becomes a Conservative as may be imagined.' Bismarck, after trampling on the rights of the ancient kingdoms of Hanover, Saxony, Bavaria, &c;, talks pompously of the unity of Germany. Will he gain it by tyrannising over the one Church, and, as in England, by schools without religion, raise up a generation of Communists ready, if he were alive, to tear his decorations from his coat, and hurry him, as an ' aristocrat,' to the guillotine ? France for eighty years has had her life blood welling from wounds inflicted by her own children. Since that time, when the great principles of Christianity were ignored, and the education of her children taken from the only faithful guardians of moral instruc tion — the clergy — she is still a spectacle to Europe, helpless from the rage of political parties, and a hatred of all lawful authority. Will England and Prussia continue to close their eyes to these warnings ? 