REG. V. THIS. MEDICAL BOARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AltfJUS. Sir,-Under the above heading, a correspondent signing himself "Haustus" attributes to me, on, as he says, the authority of The Argus, a remark which I did not use. The absurdity caused me as much surprise as it appears to have done your correspondent, The remark is, for a physician has greater privileges than a surgeon." Your correspondent correctly says, that in answer to his honour the Chief Justice, who inquired if the applicant was not on the Medical Register, I replied, " he is, but he is entitled to have all his qualifications regis- tered," referring to the section of the act, and also to the different lines of practice adopted by the surgeon and the physician, which circumstance their honours would be perfectly acquainted with, I do not desire to attribute the remark-I am reported to have made to the inaccuracy of the gentleman who reports the common law suits of the Supreme Court, and whose careful and faithful reports have placed the profession under obligation. The remark in question may have been due to a lapse of mine, though I am unconscious of it. Though it may be news to your correspondent, it is a fact that I do know the various grades of the medical profession and their relations to each other. The fine climate, and the good con- stitution,! possess, make it unnecessary for me to have any acquaintance with the branch of the profession to which I presume " Haustus " belongs. "Haustus," however, communicates what is quite now to me ; but the communication does not affect my mind in the least as to my impression on the legal rights of the gentleman for whom I made the application. The statement is, that the gentleman in question was removed from the roll of the College of Surgeons. I had no such facts before me, and on the materials placed before me I do know that the contrary is the fact I need not trespass on your valuable space by observing on any other portion of your correspondent's note, except to give your correspondent a little advice, which, though gratuitous, may be possibly as valuable as that which he gives to some who consult him, and that is, Do not raise ghosts for the purpose of having them laid. A grumbling friend of mine says that ''Hauetus" has a whole churchyard of those gentry to answer for., '", Yours faithfully, Sept. 19. GEO, MACKAY. [Our correspondent "Faustus" is perfectly i correct in his statement of the position of Dr. Mackay's client A reference to i Medical Register for 1872 shows that ,thatipo/son has no qualification whatever placed' against his name, a foot note stating that he has been struck off the rolls. both the College of Physicians and the College of Surgeons. If Dr. MncH|y was unaware of these facts, he must have been very badly instructed. Kn. A.I "It will be possible this summer," says the. Hampden Guardian, " to make the journey from the mouth of the Gellibrand to Cape Otway without undergoing those difficulties) and unpleasantness which have hitherto attended a passage through the dense forest and scrub which at that part of the country fringes the coast. Messrs. Stevenson and Wallace, of Cape Otway Station, are about we understand, to cut a track 12ft. wide, from, their run to the open ground on Mr. Oliver's land at Moonlight Head, for the purpose of bringing their stock toroarkuk on the (rolls Giraud track and Camperdown instead of the shorter though more difficult route hitherto adopted by way of Birregurra. The road will not be practicable for vehicles, but when on co Henri d, the journey can be made on horse back with ease. The distance to be cut is about 16 miles, and as four men are to be put upon the work immediately, it will be got through in about three weeks from the time of commencement. The route to be adopted is the line, that was years ago cleared by the Geodetic Survey party, but which has now become so overgrown with' young timber and scrub in town almost impassable." FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE news and adFRRTrspuBirra BBS THE SUPPLEMENT TO staff ARGUS OF THIS DAY, 