CONGREGATIONAL UNION, OF NEW SOUTH *1 HE seventh annual session of the nbovo Union commenced 1 j ade venn m 1 Fcrviceon Monday event¿B'last (21st), in Pilt-stieet 8cbo,olroum lie re tiring oliairniim (the Kev. «> G Hiiwiicn)'pTiri£cd, *nd delivered un address on "Tbo 1'nmisfd Presenil) of th. r-aviuur." There was a good Htienosnci, und several ministers took part in %tao duvo lioi.ii) txiicisig. (.n Tuisduj, 22ud, at 3 p m , tho pastors and delegates tuet fir emtetence. After singing und ora) er, toe- chun - n,sn firth« eomingjear {DTe Rev. T, 5, Fors.itb) was eui j im lulled | 'Jbe Rev. T. JoiiN6pjLjriQyj3j,jbe_Rcv. W. BKADLEÏ stemded, Mid it w»s carried unanimously,-" Tliat thei ru.itrijtlnnks of the mealing bo given to i ho Rev. G. G Hivden for bis serviros us ohanman during tho past jim." J bo roll was then called, when thoeo who wore prosorit I answered tn »heir names. i , The Clciieul bKCiiETAiiv then read the following , I niroiiT. Yeur committee, In prctcnting their report for the past year, i wi »lil nt once Mule that tliri u has not been, during tho ycor, anir is] eclnl call for lheli exertion Y I A cnttlul watch has been kept over questions relating to the utiicslsof Hie de nomination ¡ but in no caso has it boen f omul cicoitai; to tnko any uctivc steps. As tho Tlniori, however, represents the denomination generally, I nndnotnnj congregation lu paiticulur, or any singlo organiza- i tun, vom iinin.itlic thick it would not bo out of place to in bid) ui their report. ,a biitf ri cord of such changes us have .tsken iilnet 'n the post year, as well as a relercnco to the present cinditimi ol our ditteieni institutions. In i e Fpe el to buildings e lected during tho year, your committfo wuuld Dist express its great FBtislnclioii at the completion oi tho li i ni in which wi sic nuw assembled. V bile congratulating tho l'ltt-siitet likndson the lossrstlon of so valuable a properlj for Stij tlnj school purposes, juin committee w ould nlso congratulate the eli i cmimitlon tu hui mir so couiniodiuus and central]} situated a i or ni In which to hold its meetings, especially such as those wo nu holding during the phfent week. , ' ' liming ibe jorlhuc havo been also erected the Tory hand-, s i nu c1 u: ch ai l'ai rumatta. the neat mid centrally situated [mild- il gut lhe"Cli be-, tho tuneful church nt Ulladulla, the much neuletl place ol vol ship ut Gulgong, and the pretty httlo .buildings at lliuitt lown, Lssex lilli, and lluslem's Creek. lhere have bten two ordinations to the ministry during the yisi-thal ot tbo Kcv, J. 1'. Cullen, at \\\ indsor, on January 28 ¡ and Ibul of the Itcv.YV, Matheson, at Marrickville, on Auguetll. Al roth,»enies tin attenduueo was very lurge, and our young britkien hare ernimrnctd their solemn and important work with Ibe prnjeis und confidence ol tho Chutchcs. I \uui cimmilttc need scarcelviemitid joitof tho pad loss sna tained by the miaut Chuich nt Ulladulla m the «catii of its tir»t. «nd dev mid jouiigpastoi', the Kcv O Allen, who peacefully, und lulled triumpliHUtly, in the month of Ma) hr-t, dcparteiito be with his buviour, A resolution, expressing deep sympathy with the friends at, Ulladulla, and grulitudo to God for the grace given to lustuin ourbiolbir in passing tinough the dark vallij, wero unsnlini usly parsed at the autumnal tnee.lngs of tho Union hell] al Tin I umuna. ' 1 he Ulladulla Church has since been BUppllcel bv ministers fioui 8)lint}" »nd elf owlierr, but, your coinuiltico legrot to my, is stbl without a stated pastor. I Dining llio ycsrtheie hoiobeen several rcinistcrlal changes. At the coiBmeiictoent of thcyiartbo Rev. O Copland rcugncd his charge at Y^ ogllahra tbtougb UI health, and left for bnglaud. llehas been succeeded by tho Kcv. J. G. 1'rascr, M.A., lato dt llulmum. ' 1 ho'Iltvl'YV. Matheson; os has already been intimated, hss i eeepled a cell to tbo ncwly-lormed Church ut Marnck7illo Ihc Btv. K J. Gum, late of Campbelltown, has accepted a call fit m the Chinch at Bathurst, slid solive Hips arc being taken to enct n sin ebie pisco of "worship for the church and people in this metropolis oi the, west, and with c\cry prospect of success. Mr. W I inchiiin br»s accepted an Invitation to Campbelltown, in the piece of Mr, Gi ecu. ?, I Jn «terence to the ministerial changes of tho year, your com- mittee lui not bul íccord with deep sorrow the contemplated rd n oval lum our midst of the itcv. 6. C. Kent. Ills earnest synj juitb) w_itb c\H) good movinunt in tbo land,' his practical wbdom manifested in all our deliberations, his kindness anti iiuillnifs to tfloi d paternal help, have gi cully endeared lum to ÜB all. anil bv his umpval wo ore ussureu a gap will bo orcated nat to he catily,tli)cd. ,.(,., - I Yi urtcn'ittiltteo would farther report that during tho past yarr two new churches have been formed, 'one ki Hunter's Hill, of 3f nu miel s, at picfint without a pastor, but duly supplied from ty ant y, the other at Druitt Town, of 17 members, at prescrit unetr |he oversight of^hepnstor of the cburoh at Durwood. j "iour Ctmmllue report with much pleasure the ' continued pitsperlty ot Camdin College «nd tbo school. By un oxtrij ui iliimi v i tim I now belair made, it is believed that tho debt on ilie College building will be wholly paid in tho courso of a few months. Ibero is also li aeon to believe that there will bola vtildablc lncienee to tho number ot students at tho closo of this ye nr. ' ' ' * ' I 'Jhe Home Missionary.Sccioty has put forth great exertion duitng the past )iar, and semis to injo) much jtuoro than piiviously, tho confidence of tho denomination. Now churches have been frimcd under the auspices of the society, and those itciiviiig Ils aiel I a\ oui ally upon from timo to time ooncerning their own prosperity and their labours in doing good to others. 5Le Foreign Missionary bocjety also continues to enjoy the' cciiifiriej.ce' of the Chuichcs ; and especial Interest has boon msnilrstcd during tho 3 cor in tbo movement initiated at Xojn tuiireu. ' ' ' ' ' I Your ccmmittic.'m thus reviewing tho past year,-oiTcr sincere thanks to God for His watchtul tender care, r It is, alas 1 too trac that our shoilcomiugs have been man) and fient. Nevertheless," we car not lut licopuitC that such few und feeblelabours as haVc bein put forth have met with the Divine approval. Andas wo inter uj on another j mr of our Union, )mir committee feel that the io is abunuant reason to thank Cod und take courago. i The TliEASoian also read his report. ¡ The Rev. J. P. CuLLiA moved, and Mr. W. BUZACOTT secinded, " That the report just lead bo adopttd." , Carrin! nnnnimously. 1 be Clcr.cal SECHFTAKY then read a letter from Mr. Allen, sen , Mrsbano, Ireland, atknowledging tho reocipt tf, and exjrcssiLg great ihuuks for, the resolution passed bj the Union in April last, respecling tho death of hi» son, the Rev. C. Allen, latei of Ullaoulln. The follow ing gi nllemen, hav ir g lu en nominated, accord- ing lo iule, for i fb'ces ntd rouuMlliu for tbe onsuinp; J'e*r, were declared bj tho chou mu» dulj elected:-Lhairmin for lfc73-4, Ituv. J. Graham; eeiretams, Rev. G. G. Howden end Mr. R. Nott; trcasurei, Mr. R. G. Reading, con millee, Rivs J. Giahaui, W. Sk.tjer, J. G. Frasar, M A.. P. H. Biowne, T. Jeihnson, Messrs. J. Fairfax, J. Mnllens, und W. 8. Buzacott. Tho Church at Gulgong, with its pastor, tho Rov. J Trevor, WMB received into Ibo Union. 'J he Hi v. J. C. Kmuv moved,-" That, in the opinion uf this tunion, step* should bo taken to introduce into the Li gislative Assembly of Now t'outh Wah* an Act to facili- tate; tbe incorporation of religious, educational, and chiiri tublc instnuliens, similar to that of Queensland." Ailti an interesting conversation cn tho subject, the motion wus withdrawn. it. It vint moved by tho Rev. G. G. How DEN, seconded bj the Rev Ii. T. HILLI, and carried unanimously,-" That ibo temnnttco bo requested to preparo a report of tbe statistics of the Denoniinntion^to bo prescnttd at tbo next n peting of the Uuion. It wus olso moved by the Clerical SKCUF.TAIIY, and euri ltd,-" That ibo committto bo requested to apply to the council of tducatien for tho insertion of 'Congrega lionalists ' in the lint of religious Denominations published by the Council in its reports, and in several of its forms. On the evening of the 2¿nd, the CHAIUMAN (the Rev. T. b. ForsBith) delivered tho following address : FATUMS AMI BRPTHHEN,-The Head of tho Churoh, in the exercise of His sovereign prerogatives, calls H> servants frem varions classes, and trains them in divins vii)p. May Ho help me to speak a word in season. On orcasinns liko tbo present, the Chairman's address usually touches on the questions that are agitating tho re- ligious woi Id, and present« tho aspects of modern religious thought. 1 shall presently refer to these Hatter« ; but, in tbo first place, 1 feel constrained to speak of eome of the prominent t-ccinl fono» of the hour, and invite your seriou» attcnticn to tho tendencies of our local surroundings. 1. Tho rcmarkableldevelopmentof cur material resources must btv« an influence upon tho spiritual life of individual Christians, und on tho power and progress of our churches. Tho springtide of worldly prosperity ia setting iii upon us rapidly, and perhaps we have not yet reached high-water mark. It were needless to multiply words in pioof of the extraordinary activity that provails m evsry branch of industrial pursuit. Wo are met, Hi every turn, by startling indications of push and progresa Ibe columns of our newspapers teem with advertisements, elamourouBly calling our attentisri to rich claimB, successful crashing*, promising ventures, paying lodes, and proprie tsiv ebares. Tbo conversation at the corners of our greeta is devoted to dividends and calls, and specimens of mineral treasures aro exposed, attractively, in our shop windows. Everything mound ns denotes a flush of excitemont. Should we grieve over these " signs of the times ?" Nay ; " the earth is the Lord's, und the fulness thereof ;" " tho earth is full of His riches," and " the earth hath Ho given to the children of men "-given all to them in trust. For tho gold and the silver are God's, and " the cattle upon a thousand hills"-all things are for Christ, It is part of God'Bplan, as revealed |in His Word, that the cause of the Redeemer shall command the forces of the Ginnies.' The wealth accumulated by commerce, by agri- culture, and pastoral pursuits, by mining enterprlzoB-all that may be typically represented by the " ships of Tar shisb," " camels and dromedaries of Midian and Epbah," " tbo rams of Nebaioth," or products discovered in'" paths which no fowl knowetb, whioh the vulture's eyo hath not teen"-these uro all intended to subserve tho purposes of Gtd in relation to the kingdom of Jesus Christ. Wo do not, therefore, derry tho " signs of the time»" There uro not many pers n*. perhaps, ia this nineteenth tentuiv, who would limit tbe possessions of the Church,to tbe future inheritance, "incorruptible and undoflled," and hHve every follower of Christ asBume vows of poverty; and if there be «ny who hold theso views we aro not in svjnpBtby with lh*m. In the early ogee of Cbnstianity, many taught that eminent piety necessarily involved an ascelio life. Tbey affirmed that Christ himself inculcated different rules of lifo for différant mm-oidmary precepts to govern the conduct of men of business, who had no higher ambition than to escape the wrath to come ; but stricter and sublimer rules for those who aspired to intimate communion with God in this life, and a superior degree of glory in the next. They made a distinction between the doctrines of Christ which they sup- posed to be applicable to all His followers, and those which they considered suitable only for the favoured few whose sins were above tho masses. And tho so-called Christian world is not yet entirely free from the pernicious effects of these mistaken views. But we have not so learned Christ. We hold that tho good things of this life-amongst which we may class material wealth-are not to be despised. They may be lawfully objects of desire and delight. When the Saviour taught His disciples to pray _" Give ÜB day V.y day our daily bread," he did not mon, I think, that we should restrict ourselves to tho necessaries of a bare subsistence, but that wo might bo pBr miited to enjoy all fitting temporal conveniences. But while we make those admissions, wo must distinguish between a lawful estímate und nn unlawful hankeriug after tbe gcod things of tho world. And it is in prosperous times, like the present, that the followers of Christ need to be reminded of their danger, lost, whon riohea lnoroase, thev " set their hearts upon them." . ' Ministers are reroonibruucers. " I havo sot watohmen upen tby wulla, O Jorusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night ; je that ato the Lord's roiii.uiibrancora keep nut silence " So spake tho Prophet ; and the Ap stle Bctioe upon ILo precept, said:- " 1 will not ba negHMnt to put )0Uulwu)ain remniibruncoof those thlqgHth.rutfh jo know ibeHi." Suffrr thou the word uf exhortition Bittbren. ' It is a trite, but true saving, that prosperity is a more trying ordeal than adversity It has ever been so The Church of Christ in primitive times was purer, and less open to reproach when suffering persecution and subjected to many privations, than when allied to the civil authorities she demanded the patronage of tho wealthy and the protec ti'n of the powerful. I think it is Mosheim who relates that, when the Roman Empire be caino nominally Christian, ft sanguino diseiula enid, injoj'nus toncj-" Now we aro safe, for the Emperor and all the world is turned Cbristinu " " Ab ! " rij iinnd % wner and mere expornneed c «mpanlon-" tho devil is mt turned CbitMian for all that." The moral of this reply will »ever lose its significance. The Prince of this world is a Potentate oi uni bar.ging policy. Ueiveov>)r niuoh it» aspect of things in hi- dominions may bi changed by tbo prugroia of knowledge and refinement he decs not alter tho principles of bia pro .duro. ' Ho once attempted to bi ibu our giee.t Master Uiuiii>If toabatidm Hisniitiiin, by proiiiieing.togiVii.Piui all the kingdom* 0f this woild, and tl.ii (¡loi) of them; and ho still uses ticbei ne a bait to oruw uwii) professed disciplos of ibu Master fr. vi their ulligiui n.t lhere is dirnbir in tbe pursuit of wealth, and still greater danger in lb- possession of it, beoainre of the se» ret a-tuuitcnt powe-r it often iXerrÍBfH on the wind, contracting <,nr juiptitliit* while expanding our selhshapss. So, I uudr stand the prophet's warning-" Woo unto thom that ima house lo lu us.-, that lay fiild to field lill ihvm ba no LÍHLO that the) may be'pluced in tho midst of thoenrth" bis not that, they seek lo bo solliai), but thai they bovina eupirmt!) selfish. Tbo woo ia notut'aoUodlothe titMeeoi b) which the y hold their teirucesot houHi'sand traut« of land but lo the isolation of spirit which the greed of accumulation! inspires. bet tho diFCiplcB of Christ, by all honourabl« moina, got OB much silver and cold and other property as they (Bo, provided ibey do not forgot that the») are steward« and Dot lebmrutu propiiolornof tho manifold pitt* of (iod, 1 bete is no clause in tb« l> girlativee code of Christ, that i am nwaro of, whioh jvrohibiis Ut« servant« from being wealthy. Tht) may send their ship« to plough ihn water» of tborriBny seas which He made; thoy uiij av.il them, solves of all the appliances of nitdern art and skill to inmate the crips ti ey yather from the di) lind His hands havefoinied; ihe) may pie re« IIIH mountains which Ha settetb fns», touisko thnn disolt*' the ir miueral tronsures' the) muy du al) the te things and still bo faithful to Hi M1 Hiebes will »ever hurt ua while we keep them iu our hands; but if the) pet into our heart» we aro undone It is'not money, nor any kiud of pre p M ty ihi«t represent» loone), but the love of it that ia tbo root of all ovil, Muny pilgn'ms havo been m-n of greit sub-danca." Aliam was very rich "in callie, in s'lvor, and ia gold;" nnd EO WHO mun) of the s.ints in oldea tunes. But wo du not read that thoy schemed, and toiled, and hanke red-or, as we say, laid themselves out to make mone). JHCOIJ. when ho brcarne a pilgrim, stipu- lât* d for no more than meat to cat and raiment to wear; by Gfd'B faveur ho bunine two hands. Our danger lies io hasting tube licb. "Nut slothful in bunui*-," i«tojoiton interpreted to mean a boundless devotion tv> Mammon Th« slri am of rur deanes m»y run lowaids thl» wotld, but only in the channels of God's Providence, Wo may lawfully trade with thu talent» entrusted to us, to Increase thorn, but only in Ibe use of sueh means HH HO approves und wo tua conscientiously ask Him to further. Christians should ttand aloof freru all the trickeries of modern ent-trpriss frcm speculations involving »n outlay of money the lo« of which would disable thom ftoiu po)iug their debts, tad therefore is not their own- lb«) must tarn awiy from all projeolB thut bave no batter busiB than avaricious hope, SciCieiy is being khlwmi/ed thnugh all ita trades hy tho feverish excitement with which our luaturiil progre/ni« cbinged, and tbe shock will bo fatal to our spiritual hfo if we do not watch iiLto praytr. We aro nut te) npurnte ourselves from the activities of the times, nur go stenltlil) to work IM if wo had no right to shute in the general puisperit) ; but let us beware of the dtceitiulBisB of riches. So long us the present conditions of lile continue, tbe Suvlonr'B words will never losa thoir significance: '. How hardly shall they that have riches enter the kingdom of God." Why is it eaiier for a camel to (in.through the e)0 of a ne die than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God ? Is it not booiii'e, in most enies, as n mUn's pocket becomu* heavy, his heart bftcomoi hmd ? He may not be penurious. CovetJiisno*s, whioh Is idolatry, is H.muny-wdLd and i-per-ioin sin. It may exi't utjijertno furnia of genciosii). The vino creepi uverand beoutificsihe hpjNiuaiiCeoi tho reck, bul beneath the foliage ibtiB. is the tauio hard 'Unsightly Hub«tauco. Wo -niny- give appaitntl) to an extent commensurate with ' our rnci/ns, and yi-t be giving from a saltiah motive, In Ibo very act of opining our purses wo may boclnsing our hearts to the claims ot Christ on our personal devotion. It will be so if relhiiuu censes to occupy the highest phoa in our silections-if it temovea from our hearti to tain up ita quarters in our heads and bands. Donations aro then sinipl) hui-b money'for coniciejico This will not do. i'hs 1 ord will not accept of ;nr properly lnli>uof ourtelvei, W hat boots it if a man gives of his means but withholds himeflff' When appealed lo bo mav part wini urnny for the j urpose of niding eternal entirpnses, bi'0.iri-o the act ¡UM Ives linle or no sacrifice-not even the sscso of rvnnn rary incenvenierce, But will, be deny himself to hivo Chr st dwelling in his bixrt '{ Litoral subsidies in snpp irt of organisations formed to do buttle agaiust some general evil, cannot puiehoee a furlough from périmai servtooaud sftlf-iaciilice. An net that may bead ea--y as brunhinir off a litllu dust must not be cousidere'd equivalent to the pvinful uperatiens of cultirg off a riecht band or plucking out t i if.Lt eve. Ope nlinndedui'bs may be coi rtou'ness in disguise. This spurious generosity-this disposition tu sori/o God by prixy-is one of the insidious forms of srlüMinc-m-i pha«s of worldllncss whioh ÍB fatal to spiritual lite, and whom If exists it is on insnperablo barrier to un entrance* into the kinedeni of Gcd. It is tbo impossibility of which the Saviour spake, only to bo changed into a possibility by Divine power. But when the heart delights indoinggood and in devi-ing liberal things, and the hand is but the iudex of the mini, richea aro a great blessing. God has presciibod a rule fir rich men, and I am persuaded that tho dangor of heart idolatry can be averted by no other means than a conscien- tious attention to it, " Cliargo thom that are rioh in this wi rid that thoy bo not high-minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in tho living God, who giveth us richly all things to cn]oy ; that they do good, that they be rich in good worls, ready to distribute, willing to communicate." If these counsels bo neglected, an abundance of this world's goods would inevitably estrange our hearts from God, The desire to be rich is no longer an ignoble passion when it is freed from selfishness. All the mischief and tho moonee?» too often accompen) ing efforts to accumulate, ure removed when, by the grooonf God wo oin say, " I will no moro luy up for ni) self treasures on earth ; inórense as fast OB I may-end I will not stint oxertion in that direc- tion- 1 will hold all in trust for Him, end for the pro ruc (ion of His glory, who loves mo, who died for me that I might live, not untu myself, but unto Him who died and rose again." Let us cany lhiB thought with UB day by day. We ure not our own; wo are bought with a price. Onr claim to be numbered with the ohildren of God-in the highest senso of tho relationship, is not valid, it not supported by the testimony of Scripture, if wo do not Beak to ninkc our lives grand by entire consecration to God. Social forces of great power aro in operation around us. We cannot altogether escape their influence. Lot us be upon our guard. The eyes of the world are upon us. The spiriti of just men mado perfect-the Church triumphant, who, (brough faith, ovorcamo the world, and aro nowrwaiting the consummation of their viotory-ara walebing our bearing in this ciisis. Angels, "who desire) to look into these things"-the sufferings of Christ, and the glorj that should follow in the devotion of his redeemed children, and their consecration to His service-aro mark- ing the effects of the spring-tide of prosperity on our alle» ginncö. If they see the current bearing us onward in tin prof tice of all holy choritics, and lifting us, as it rues, nearer lo the Giver of all good, methinks thoy strike their golden harps to joyous measures, and sing the power of (¡ince. But mo) hap thero aro rejoicings amongst vorr dif- ferent beings, when the stream of worldliness is seen to cot deep channels in the souls of professed disciples of Jeras Christ ; drain off their generous sympathies, and leave Ino unsightly projections of their selfishness all bare. How ina apostate spirits must exult and indulge in devilish glee «ben they, see men still calling themselves Christian» carried away into tho dreary regions of formality an» ungodliness by the .strong current of the times, retain- ing only so muth of their religious impressions a« serve, like fitful catspawa in a calm, occasionally to ruBle the sur- face of the stream that ia bearing them to perdition, without retarding their progress ! " What shall it profit a man, if ho gain the whole world, and lose his own BOUIÍ"' Let us imagino, " we can, tbo sensations of one whosi earthly treasure" "abound, but who has none laid up in Heaven, as be npars the end of life He has succeeded, porhsps. In {"»pT.* fogetber an almost fabulous amount of woalth. H<1.r?u" m the riches that are not for ever; but of tho true ricos« he has none ! His mansion is a uicclel of clegaBce, and an its spplisnces tho most porfoi t and oostly of their kino. All that art can conttive, or money purohaco is reaay to bia. hand to minister to his coin'0« ' his pleasure. But he is about to die. The light or eternity is falling upon tbo splendid objects by whioh he is surrounded, and their flimsy texture is reve*led, Mm gazes they seem io chango their appearance, «».''""«TfS partiólo of value they once seemed to possess. The speii "j his infatuation is broken. Tho palace of his enchantmeni is shattered, und the brilliant fragments fall BB it oy magic info the motto "VANITÏ or VANITIBS, ALL « ^ ACuréaviour to His last intercessory prayer, inimmed np the character of HIB true disciples in foote few but pre« nant words, " They are not of the world, evenul"»» -,f ii,» «n.M.» . ljet us Donder this momentous tram, ao» measure ourselves by this standard. In ordinary tja« the world is full of dangers. It abounds »"»'^wi that tend to vitiate our affections, darken o« .^TrfS"" mai tenu io YIU"» «»« «"««»-» ---- --;- -. . t\,i"a ings, defile our consciences, and weaken our faith nvUuw to como. In prosperous times these dangar« are increased; and in placea where the *w"M°Mjb"£ of the earth are produced in aWidw». «» Cbtistion's position is correspondingly hazardous, B»^ and experience alike prove that gold-producing, oí"»"» bavo not been remarkable for the moral excellencies of taft* \- --?-n u «Mit« aro not ordinarily favonrablo loca ^'^eul váu nôf gÄs The capital of .ho « »atti Lfio lïecontrary, numerous parties of minora »"eW we ks!« a ia Ton the banks of the Pactolus when .»* UM rt «s Tssued from Him who walks tu the midst ?¿ecu»!"«'0 »« '8t"TdíTtick" _" Unto the angel of the f,,b\Ft:iSsÄr.Te, Co things ssith He that bath awblsuñlsoÍGod, and the seven star«, 1 know thy ^T tC thou hast a name that thou livest and art "ft But even in bardi« there were a "few name-who il,i . ¿.aidtheir garments" Tho expression, " even W»0'/'»" .nf, l,,si that tbo place and its associa 11 6"d'r'" sniu llv unfavourable, to tho growth of w" "TI wss no" ihle, but not caey, fur members of P,ttT, w t, i,; Leo thei. garments clean, " unspottod from fce um* I« kjjP "^ Btld tno mur"l foice» by which *° ""' ^"nrted n uko it very dithcull for us to maintain ,e «o surrounded. naKü» vc »_ _, ^ ketp \- f°.,!.C m b oveof GoUd. iooklngyfor the mercy of our na hurts in ino i v ug r()memDer lind Jfd [Ti bv he hcught,"Sat suc'cesH tu the fuco of d.tli T nhances bo honour, and increases the reward. ÎÏK.XÄ '»*'" anparer.il), of tbo Divine Government, ^^cffsCSbinClncurrcd in a penal form as the tM«l*'»f.*T»nt M tho result of selt-eacrlilce, or tJ,W ,n fhV discharge of dutj, shall bo followed bv i«'tode'0DD hLrd hlself is said to be or.wned wi.n T .ad honour OB tho consequent, or reward, tVs humiliation m suffering death for us. ,, BIB .""',,_ und ]n human polity, a Ald. li anXoti to that which distinguiste pmcipls abalOÉou s w ^^ lntt|lta pB" M v «hrîne all their ho.ots in niches of famo moro or r'b! daii^-but tne> embalm the memories of tho horcos /dmr "f aelf denial, and of holy enterprise, with tho tfeÄÄp- t-tperiods of "Jilalan and depression in the minde of .ndivi 5*1 îr h t Iwandtetluxin tho »flair» of communities, dU" ',n ttsanTo lesson. Excitement is followed by ro ", IT the inTnsit) of tbo ono Ia tho gauge that doter Äefitcsofthe^thst. We should prepare for this. 5' nbe wind IB fair, tbe sea smooth, a strong current Ï t i" the same direction, and tbo vessel is .««c thrtueh the straits at on unprecedented M«.S need of a vigilant look out ahead. Too Kenriick» »re lhere, though no adverse wind betrujs ho ,,, Vrf them bv a ripple. It tho VCBSCI strikes, the Ck wo tbedamsgowilfbe proportionate to the »peed. EILM the. inimencenient of this century how many seasons ompérity bsvo ken followed by crises and crashes! «amesinvolving results morodistressingthan pecuniary «i tc.niiiieic.il ruin. Tho reputation of professing fsrMiaMbiis been sullied, and in somo instances destroyed. 2« aw») iuiing tho oonnnuanco of tho prosperous «««stn bv tbo fPw" «f spiculuin n, and untniuctfulof the ïffl wsnïïï. "TI"* »hat will bo rich fall into temp lusts which drwn men in dosiruetion and perdition, - K? MMMM«4 religion in the ejes of the world by witavciiiitg to avert tho catastrophe they Baw unttndtSK by «"lnK rcrourso to means bordoring on f,«iid or pmtecltd themsolves from oonscquenccB by aots of .bso'ota di.htncsty Thus Christ has been often »orcded in the house of His friends And such wounds ?» owe gileveus than any that can be inllicted by tho ««»«s of lots Nono can strike such painful blows as those whose heads have been resting on Christ s bosom, Infidelity, profanity, and crime, singly or combined, do far less to injure the cause of Christ than professing Christians who give rise to such scandals. Judgment must begin at the house of God. Let us judge ourselves. There are criteria by which we may know whether tho love of the world is undermining our spiritual life and pro gress Is it still a relief to escape from the worry and the whirl of business, and enter our closets to be alone with God ? Or is the pressure of other engagements mado an eimse lor curtailing tho time once devoted to reoding, BtdititlcB, snd prujer i Wo may abide in the observance if many outward dutie*, but all the while be wtarv of the yoko of Christ If tho privilege of ccmmunlon with Him be loss attractive thau netlitifcs on 'Change, we may be euro that the world ia not »here it ought to be, under our feet, but very near, if not j icmally within, the coro of our hearts. " To cannot servo Gcd md mammon," " GoiTii giving power to some of the members of our Orarcht« to get wealth. He is multiplying their silver ltd sold. May Ho give them, simultaneously, increaso of erac*, that their piety may keep pace with their prosperity, Iheir enlargement should ensuro the enlargement of the Church's operations. In connexion with the remarkable development of the material resources of this country, there »re being developed opportunities lor extending our efforts to do good. Doon ol usef ulness are being opened. The finger ot Providence ia pointing to new fields of labour that wo mi|iht occupy, But in ot°er I0 keep abreast with our oppottnniliei, we need more men and more money. . For the men, we mnit look to Him whose prerogative it is, to call labouroiB into the v.neyatd, and qualify them for His work. For the money we look to you whom God hath blessed, by giving )on the privilege of trading with larger snare« of Bis gold and silver. It is yours to furnish the means to enable us to send tho labourers forth. Under the legal dispensation", the first fruits offered to tie Lord, sanotifled the wholo harvest ; and it is only by honouring Him with the first fruits of all our increase that ne can enjoy the remainder without sin. Verbal acknow- ledgments of Indebtedness to God ure most valuable when they lupplement act« of dedication. It waa not until after David h«d givn largely from his privy purse " of mine own prrper good," as he expressed it, that be said, " Thine, 0 Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the ¿lory, and tbeu'ctory, and the majesty: for all that ig in tbe heaven ind in tbe earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O Lord, icd Thou art exalted as head over all. Both riohes ted hcnour como of Thee, and Thou reignest otu ali; and in Thine hand is power and might; oBd in Thine hand it is to make grett, and to givo strength unto all. Now, therefore, our Ged, ve thank Thee, and praise Thy glorious name. But »ho am I, and what 1B my people, that wa shonld b« able to (fer so willingly after this sort ? for all things oom« of Thee, end of Thine own have we given,Thee." We moat do u David did before we can with propriety speak as Dirid ipake. ? . II. I pass from the local to the general ; from viewing some of the prominent social forces operating' immediately around us, to survey, briefly, some of the conspicuous features of the age. We are living in wonderful times, Progress is the special characteristic of our era. Trophies scientific discovery and triumphs of industrial art accumulate with astonishing rapidity. But. the question will present itself to every thoughtful mind, to what it it all tending ? Is there a corres- ponding advance in religious faith and practice ? Are men in the aggregate, approaching or retreating from the obedience of Christ ? Answers to these questions will no doubt vary according to tho temperament and training of respondents. As the range of personal obser- vation is very limited, and human insight very imperfect, udu mighty spiritual forces may be doing their appointed preparatory work, silently and unseen, no prudent man would venture to be dogmatical on these momentous themes. But we may examine witnesses, and weigh tho evidente, though we must not sum up and pronounce sen- kte. That must be loft to tho Judge, who " searcheth all hearts and understandeth all the imaginations of tho thoughts." 1\. What is the testimony of the scientific world ? On the whole I fear it was correctly summarised by the Bev. Mr. Hebditch.in a pithy sentence in his papier on "Genuine Revival," read before the Congregational Union of Eng- land and Wales. He said : " God was never welcome to the carnal mind, and now that the carnal mind is also very learned, God is less welcome still." But Dyonisius is not altogether unrepresented in modern times, There are savans who believe :-professors whose lips disperse know- ledge, and who esteem it their highest honour to be disciples of Jesus Christ, and we cling to the hope that they are still in the majority- But on tho other hand it most be con ceded that a sceptical spirit is abroad in the scientific world, Many current publications indicate a terrible disruption of "the things once most surely believed among us." By some, the Bible, as the Word of God, is put out of court, not, it is true, with coarse and ribald invective as in days gone by, but with ostentations politeness. If its claims upon our reverential faith are not scouted with in- solence, they are superciliously set aside as untenable. To believe in a personal God is a proof of ignorance. We are told to believe in Law. Law reigns and not God. There is nothing beyond or above those insentient forces which operate perpetually on every form of matter, producing various types of beauty, and manifold phases of life, but still mere force and nothing more. These organic laws can neither know us, nor love us, nor sympathise with us in the vicissitudes of the battle of life. But if we contravene them, they will crush us remorselessly. And so we are to give up our belief in an overruling Providence, and relinquish our attachment to the old-fashioned form of words, " Verily there is a God that judgeth in tho earth." We are to sur myself;" —and accept instead the benumbing, dispiriting assurance that our highest attainments must be a vague feeling of wonder,rising harmlessly, perhaps, into reverence, 'for the unknown and Unknowable?' witóAwV60?11,'1* WixTeá in an influential and aÄ^Äi0Benal to ,9Bt "«»valuo of Prayer by «¡tu»! diffi,.' Th0M,*k° "»o to know the particulars of thta »»»s!, r? P^P0«1" «nay commit the pages of the Conttm WÏ3LA,?W for '«* ,Mt- » ««' *ot ** «ne to say whether this was a serious challenge to believers in a per sonal and prayer-hearing and answering God, or a scarcely disguised sneer at one of the most precious articles of our faith ; but in either case the animus of the proposal is shocking to our feelings ; and as it came before the public endorsed by a leader of opinion in scientific circles, it seems to furnish a convincing and at the same time painful proof that some famous philosophers are without God and without hope in the world. It reminds us of the state of feeling exhibited in a former age by a class of men who professed to be the lights of their generation, when He, who knew what was in man, said, " a wicked generation seeketh after a sign." The wisdom of the world cries " Knowledge is power," but the voice of God sounding from His word declares that knowledge also "puffeth up." Philosophers endowed with rare intellectual gifts, who profess to pry into the secrets of nature, to whom the stars are said to have told the story of their magnitudes and motions, and the earth tho history of its changes, are very apt to contemn a Book that warns them they are no nearer tho Kingdom of Heaven for all these advantages solely considered, than tho peasant who can neither read the alphabet nor write his own name ; and much further off than he who, however illiterate in other respects, has learned the secret of true wisdom-to love Jesus (.brist. , The high priests of positive science may laugh at our simplicity, but we believe their favourite dogma, so sedu- lously promulgated, that science and the Bible are irrecon- eilably at variance, is based on defective knowledge and immature conclusions. In days of yore, Bel was obliged to bow down, and Nebo to stoop at the word of the Lord, and we hold it will be so again. Science, in tho persons of ber votaries who have constituted her a goddess, will be con strained, as they make further progress in their researches after truth, to do homage to tho "sure word of prophecy in which we trust." Meanwhile, our watchword is "The Lord reigneth." 2\. Leaving the laboratories of science, and emerging into the open fields of literature, we seem to breathe more freely. The area is less confined; but still tho look- out is not altogether pleasing, nor is tho atmosphere free from taint If some of tho leading professors of the religion of physical facts have tried to destroy our belief in a living personal God, not a few critics of distinction have endeavoured to explain tho Scriptures in such a way an to deprive them of tho character or a divine revelation. His- tory often repents itself. Ages ago, " a man was famous according as he lifted up axes upon the thick trees, and broke down carved work with axes and hammers." And in our times, who so renowned in the estimation of multitudes as the men who cut down creeds, deface cherished beliefs, and demolish doctrines of prescriptive authority to say the least ? Rationalistic critics have swung their axes, and wielded their hammers with great force. They point to their chips as incontestable evidence that they have split the Old and New Testaments into fragments ! The Garden of Eden was but an allegorized Egyptian temple ! The fall of man nothing more than a parable, setting forth tho prevailing desire to learn tho secrets and mysteries which the erudite few always concealed from tho vulgar many ! Tho Gospel narratives but clumsy compounds of fact, fiction, and forgery ! In short, the Iconoclasts of this nineteenth century would fain persuade us they have corrected Moses, explained the enthusiasm of Daniel and Ezekiel, and other prophets, and out of the tangled web of tho Evangelists have constructed a life of Christ that stands tho test of modern criticism—a Gospel according to Dr. Strauss and Professor Renan ! We are thankful for many of the issues of modern criti- cism, inasmuch as they have led to the correction of errors of interpolation : and some of the hostile writers alluded to have unintentionally proved tho genuineness of the sacred books they attempted to decry, and made it more apparent then ever how impossible it is to fabricate a middle theory between veritable history and absolute myth. The sophisms of Dr. Strauss, the assumptions of Bishop Colenso, tho romance of Professor Renan, and tho more revolting utter- ances of Henry Thomas Braithwaite, only make us turn with keener relish and more devout enjoyment to the tub timely, self-evidential pages of God's most Holy Word. It is not surprising that men should turn away from a be- lief in miracles who regard them only as violations of order Tho divinity of Jesus Christ and tho reality of miracles are equi-pollent truths ; and it is not a matter of opinion that something more than a logical faculty, however highly cultured, is necessary to enable the mind of man to believe that Jesus Christ was God as well as man. " No man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost." Faith is the gift of god. "I know my sheep," said tho Saviour, " and am known of mine." Vain are all the attempts of men to uproot the faith of God's elect in Jesus Christ, as " God manifest in the flesh " The harmony between His wondrous works, and gracious words carries conviction to the minds of nll'wbo uro taught of God. When Jesus of Nazareth healed the sick, opened the eyes of tbo blind, fed the hungry, and restated the dead to life again, Ho authenticated His mission. His mighty works illustrated tho higher design of His inoarnation, and proved that He came to givo health to diseased souls, to enlighten cur understandings, communicate of His own fulness to the cravings of our nature, and endow us with eternal lifo. And may wo net say, also, that His miracles wero adapted to convince the world at large of the extent of His dominion, and the universality of His prerogatives ? Up to tho time of His incarnation, nations and peoples with the exception of the Jews-were in bondage to tho theology of the Pantheon. But the fame of Jesus of Nazareth pene- trated to regions beyond Judea. "He could not be bid," May He not have designed His miracles to accomplish a double purpose, to furnish sufficient evidence of His Messiahship to tho Jews, and teach the Gentiles that divine power resided nut in their lords many and gods many, but in Him alone ? Ceres was no longer the arbí- trese of products and plenty, nor Bacchus tu be honoured as a god; for, by multiplying the barley loaves and changing water into wine, Jesus proved that tho corn and the wine and the oil were His. Neptune could no longer claim the empire of the sea, nor Eolus control of the winds, for Jesus had walked upon the stormy billows, and re- buked both wind and sea ! Pluto's dominions were invaded, and his sceptre broken, when the daughter of Jairus and the widow's son were restored to life, and Lazarus recovered from tho very maw of corruption ! Thus wore the illusions of the Gentile world dispelled, and a foundation laid for preaching Jesus, " the only wise God and Saviour," 3\. We have yet to glauco at the general aspect of the religious world. According to the stand point from which wo view it will hope or discouragement prevail. If we single out any special feature, and look exclusively at it, we cannot but be cast down. Who can contemplate the practices of some of the professed followers of Christ and teachers of His truth, without feeling sad at heart P When there is ko much need of the energies of all good men to be employed in instructing the ignorant and reclaiming the vicious, it is grievous to see many who claim, in an exclusive sense, tobe the successors of tbo ApOBtles, attaching so much import- ance to the colour of their vestments, the propriety of their postuies, and disputing about the retention or abolition of formularies that few, even of those who use them, heartily believe! What should we think of a regiment on the field of battle, end in eight of the foe, if, instead of ejanding to their armB, they were to begin to furbish their facings, dis- cuss the rearrangement of their strap«, and practise " eyes right," " oyesleft," and "asyou wtror" Our churches are happily indifferent to the puerilities of Ritualism. Nor aro we disturbed by the differences of opinion that prevail concerning our ecclesiastical position. A Conferenco of prelates, and ministers, and laics, attached to the Episcopal denomination, ia, now being held in this city, and proposais have been mado with a view to facilitate their- intercom- munion with other branches of the Church of Christ. We should be sorry if our position and principles were misunderstood by any whose proferenceB we respect, and whose good-will wo would do all in our power to cultivate. But let it be understood, ^ce for all, that we aro quite satisfied with our position as ministers of Christ, No earthly authority, as we believe, can strengthen our com- mission. And while we hold it to be a sacred duty, as well as a privilego, to co-operate with all who love the Lord Jesus Christ, and seek to promote the knowledge of His saving truth; and while we would gladly accede to any proposal for intercommunion based upon a perfect reciprocity of action, wo bave no desire to receive overtures compliance with which would imply anything like dissatisfaction with our present position, or distrust of the validity of the orders we ! hold. Our denomination has a history, endeared to us by many domestic and social relations. Some of us have grown grey in its service, and others' have buried very many friends and acquaintances in sure and certain hope of a joyful resurrection unto eternal life, who sat at the same table with us, commemorating the Saviour's death-who joined with us in tho same servico of song, and bowed togethe,- with tis at the mercy seat, who responded to all the erne,ions which we nowfeel, but which they can no longer expiées. Wo havo but a short time to live, and nothing but a belief that we should find a clearer faith, a purer worship, and a higher Christian morality in other Churches, could induce us to , break up all the BO associations. ' Wo havo also a national history, but this I will not now touch upon-one of heroic suffering und distinguished patriotism. > The faith of Howard,, philanthropiat; of Hbwo, theologian; of Bunyan, immortal dreamer; of Milton, of Ile Foe, of Doddridge, of Watts, and, in moro mod ern times, of Carey, of Williams, of Morrison, of Moffatt, of Livingstone-men who have graced the litera turo, displayed the genius, and exemplified the devotion which all Christiane of every denomination admire and revere-tho faith ef these men is our faith, and we wish for no higher company either on earth or in heaven, saving tbo presence of our Glorious Redeemer. But to return to matters more immediately affecting our- selves. Perhaps we have cause to mourn over some of the tendencies of tbo times. We claim to be the medora repre- sentatives of the Puritans. But would eur ancestors always recognise the relationship if they could rise again F We differ from them in many respects, and some of those différentes are improvements. We bave learned to expresa our opinions moro concisely, and are lesa addicted to contro- versy, i Our sentence» are more sparkling, and generally perhaps, our meaning more perepjeuous, and our periods more polished than theirs. We are broader in some of our views, if not moro humane in our sympathies. But While gaining in breadth and culture, and toleration, may we not neve lost something of their depth and earnestness F There was a massivenees in their theology, which I think, our modern lucks. Their Gospel was not jea and nay, but j ea. It bas been well said, there was nothing nebulous in their preaching. We may havo greater aptitude for gene- ral i sin g the truths of revelation, but have wo moro skill in giving them a personal application ? Mr. Bale of Bir- mingham, has touched on these topics in one er two sug- gestive articles in the Conyregatioualut. He says: "I think it probable that the emphasis of modern preaching rests on tbe brotberiinesB of Christ. Innumerable sermona are preached on these passages in the Gospels which illustrate HÍB compassion for human weakness. His pity for human Buffering, His gentleness to little children, His toleration of tho infirmities of His disciples, His strang antagonism to those who regard ' publicans and sinners ' with centtmptuous scorn. AH the inoidents of His earthly life which prove that Ho was really man, aro eatrerly seized-His hnnger, His weariness, His personal friend- ships, His temptation in the wilderness-the mysterious dread that came on him in GothBcmane. Equally attractive aria those passages in tbo Epistles, which affirm that ' He was tempted on all points Uko as we are,' and oan therefore sympathise with ua in our moral and spiiitual conflicts ; that He waa 'made perfect through suffering,' and may, therefore, be appealed to in all our distresses for love and for help." These words, ' to my mind, exactly represent the tVliereuce-shall { «ay decadency-of th? «tyla el modem priacbicg from that of our Puritan forefathers,* Wc n ay be mr re tluent in talking about the brotherlineBS of Christ, und his sjmpatby with all tho phases of human wtakntBi, and want, but are we more profoundly impTossod with a sense if His Divino Msjenty i Aro our viows of the uti nt n e ni, our apprehensions of the necessity and value of Christ's propitiatory work, based upon corresponding appre- hensions of tho nature and consequences of sin, superior to those our forefathers held, either in their God-ward relations or practical issues? May it not be, ibat wbilo our theology has advanced in culture and refinement, it has in some respects retro- graded from scriptural evangelism ? I dare not dog matize on these subjects, but in oldfashioned phrase iligy I may say, 1 um "much exorcised" about the marked difference between tho doctrinal teaching of the present and past times Has this difference anything to do with those modern tendencies, often noticed, but perhaps never moic filly exiressed than by Canon Liddon in these wnas -'Tim ins) t, lerunco of moral evil is one of the most alarming feature! of our own day , it is ono of thoro undi licit e which sap the springs of civilization, which cat tut tbo vigour and core of its life. Wo do not see us ud MiLii , it is in the mr, it gilds tho dangers around us with nothing less than a deceptive beauty , it makes us tasj and ttleiunt wbero it would bo the verlost mercy to condemn , ii makes us in private life sensitivo about being Hi/land oldfusbiomd, end wanting in sympathy for new and stiiking ide.»* about moral mutters. It makes us de- light in moral parudoxes which startle religious persons of i he generation which is passing away , it makes men talk | ot ibe holj God as if Ile were all benevolence, and in no real serse justice , it blinds men to the moral necessities which I crew the Eternal Son down into our vale of tears to die us a population for human sin , it makes man turn away i linost with fier co indignation from God's own revelations respecting the eternal world, because those revelations in | Ij ibat He is, in virtue of His necessary indestructible essen«, irreconcilable with self choeen evil." Thoeo are pngnunt word*, Brethren, and are worthy of our serious einsideraticn But the "signs of the times" are not all discouraging. There is much to make us hopeful concerning the future A devout and earnest spirit is abroad, and there is a grow- ing desire to grapple with the various forms of social evil that impede the progress of the truth as it is in Jesus And with a profound sense of security we fall back upon i the conviction that God has not forgotten His own assever- ation, " AB nul) a« 1 live Ibe earth shall be filled with tho I clor) of the Lord." The hand of timo may touch same rarihof the superstructure of our faith, but tho "founda- tion cf God standeth sure, having this seal, the Lord knoweth ibem that are His" "Salvation IB of the Lord" Be IB cat r j ing on His work. Our grund anxiety, au individuals should be, am 1 saved ' Have 1 boen bom nguiu r- created anew in Chiist Jesus unto good works ." these scriptural phrases vary in terms but they toint to thu same issue-the vital distinction between our i-tuto by balure, and onr privileges by graoo. Bollevera uro Goo's workmanship, ana whether we regard the vicis siindisot individual experience, or the changes that mark the progicss of associated bodies, wo may be sure that He dcetb ull things will who '' worketh all things according to the ccunsi' ot H IB own will " lime is alwajs a relation between the work and the woikman it cannot bo otherwise. Every piece of work I biurB thu impress of tho character and genius of the Work- men. A perlcct workman cannot turn out a faulty piece ii work, it would bo contrary to his naturo to do so. Umber can an incompetent woikman produce a perfect iptcm.in. Apply these principles, and it may bo dono itvirinil), to ihi workmanship of God, " Ibo works of His hands are verity and judgment," There are no shume, LO imitations in the vast wcrKshopof His material uni veiEe , and if tberu be any in the visible enclosures of His crace, thej are not His, they are foreign to His purpoao, md have no business there Can we point to a singlo i Iject in tho natural world that is imperfect in structure i li unj flaw be observable it is owing to some disturbing ici co subsequently introducid, and not ta defect in tbo original design. Not that everything is perfect in tho sense of immediate maturity. No ' l'bere are processes of improvement, gradations towards perfection in almost everything we see. But each stage «f development is marked by its appropriate uso and finish. If individual Christians ore God's workmanship, so is the Church in ita collective capacity, and Ho will not leave His work imperfect. He who bas displayed suoh wisdom, power, and skill im His material works, that Micnecopic »lamination fails to detect anything like ctgligence, or emission, or want of adaptation to tho end. He who hue expended such lavish resources of love and gosdwill in the construction alike of the massive and the minute,-in the vast sweep of solar systems, in the variety of the flowers, and the delicate transparencies of insects' wings, who gives to the violet its purple and its perfume, io the rose ita blushing fragrance, and to tho lily ita leaves of spotless while?, who raises from the acorn the solid oak, and gives stretch and strength to its gnarled and knotted braaches, and deep indentations to its bright green leaves, who gives stability and grandeur te the mountains, und undulating beauty ana variety to tho plums, who sends His stormy winds to sweep the muumatio vapours -ircm the vallejB, and cover the face of the deep with billowy furrows , or commissions gentío breezes to fan the face »f nature in the sultry summer time, and scatter the i dour of her sweet productions,-He who has made every- thing so perfect in the material world, everything " beautiful in it« season," will not, cannot, proceed on any inferior principle of action in «producing His own image in the souls of individual men, His redeemed children, and tho condition of Hi« universal Church. Grd in Christ is reconciling the world unto Himself, bet us not be impatient, and distrustful of His purpose, because come of hw intermediate plans appear to our short sight btrange and tardy in their result«. Christ is the appointed heir of all things. To Him *' every kneo phbll bow and every tongue confess." Let these exhilarating truths be the inspiration of our public ministry, and the basis ot our private joys. We cannot always rejoice in the attitude of the world, in respect to the purposes of God, because we cannot be sure that we understand the relation of tho different stages of development, to the grand and fixed result. But we can always rejoice in JesuB Christ the ' runie jceterday, to-day, and for ever; in tho dignity of His perscn; in the perfection of HI» character; in the cot slaney ot His love, and the sufficiency of His grace ; in the adjustment of His offices as Prophet, Priest, and King' to our varied needs; in the efficacy of His intercession on cur behalf; in the foretold triumphs of His caneo; and in the absoluto cei tain ty of His glorious second coming, and universal reign King of Kings and Lord of Lords ! Even so, temo bold Jesus! Amen. , On tho morning of the 23rd the ministers and delegates ' «eeembJtd m l'nt- etreet schooboom for breakfast, in re- sponse to the invitation of Mr, J. Fairfax. After break- fast several addresses were given, more «specially by Lamisteis receiving aid from the Home Mir-uonary Society, in respect to the work in which tbey were engaged. Kcpoite of a very encouraging chatackr were then received 'rum Gulgong, Ulladulla, Waterloo, Glebe, Campbelltown, Haslem Creek, nnd from districts near Nowcastle. At 3 p m. the ministers and delegates reassembled, and two papers weie read- one by the Btv, T. Johnson, on "The ntteeeity of a higher spiritual life in our churches ;" the other by the Bev. J. C. Kiiby, en "Amusements viewed from a Christian standpoint." A long and piufituble conversation followed the reading of the fust pnper. It was resolved, on the motion of the Hev. 1. Johnson- seconded by Mr. J. Fairfax,-" That tbe cilice ia of the Union be directed to have printed in pamphlet icrm, for distribution amongst the churches, the 1 «ter on "Genuine Hevivals" read bytheliev. S. Hob ditch, at the Congregational Union meeting in London, in Maylatt. The debate on Mr. Kirby's paper waa adjourned to the 24th. On the evening of the 23id there was a very largo and aptreciative gathering in the schoolroom, when three tddiesses were givtn cn Congregationalism, in the follow- ing cider:-" Congregationalism viewed historically," by ihe Bev. B. N Morris, BA.; "Congregationalism in relation to liberty," by the Btv. J. Graham ; and " Con- grí gutionolism in relation to spiritual life," by the Bev. J. G. Fraser, M.A. On Thursday, a communication was read from the Chairmen of the Baptist Union, and referred to the com- mittee to take action thereon. Mr. FBATTmoved,and Mr. J. W. BKOWNB seoonded.the following «solution,-"That a committee), consisting of the ( hairman, Treasurer, and Lay Secretary of the Union, ttgether with Mr. Lewis Moses, be appointed, and em- powered to purchase allotments of land suitable for church purposes, as oppmtunitieB may offer. 2nd. That tho treasurer bo authorised to place (be sam of £50 to, the credit of the 'said committee in the Savings' or some other bank for the purpose contemplated in the foregoing resolution." After a brief discussion the resolutions were put by the chairman and negatived. The Bev. THOMAS JOHNSON read a letter from the Bev. Mr. Hay, late of Murrurundi, requesting that as his field uf labour in Canada bad been determined, his membership should be transferred to that Di minion. The letter was refeircd to the officers of the Union fur action. Mr. J. G. CATLEY muved, and the Bev. S. C. KENT seconded,-"That this meeting desires to express its hearty sympathy with those who are endeavouring to restrict the sala of intoxicating llsuors throughout the colony, andkttronglyurgeB upon the variourfChurcb.es to offer every encouragement by all legitímalo means that may from time to time be employed tor the accomplishment of that object." The following addition, moved by the Bev, J. G. Fraser, was accepted by the mover, and the resolution unanimously carried, " and in addition request the chair- man on behalf of ihe Union to sign any petitions that may bo addressed to Parliament for inquiring into the present woiking of the Licensing Act in Sydney and eleewhore." Tho Bev. T. JOHNSON moved, and the Bev, JOHN GrtAiiAM seconded the following resolution,-" Resolved, That having beard with deep sorrow of the intended retire- ment of the Bev. 8. C. Kent from this colony in which he has laboured so efficiently and so long, with a view of prosecuting his Ministry in Victoria, this Union cannot allow oui brother to leave these Bhores without placing on record its testimony to his singular ability and great Christian worth. And while thankful to the Great Head of the Church who has hitherto guided and sustained bim, would must cordially commend him to the esteem and con- fidence of cur brethren and ef tho churches of our order in the colony to which he is about to remove. We pray that our brother, whose wise counsels and ready help we shall greatly miss, may be prospered in his work, and that he, with his beloved family, may be long preserved in health and peace." The resolution was cordtaby agreed to. Tho proceedings of the Union terminated in the evening by Union Sacrament services. The Bev. Mr. Browne con- ducted tbe preliminary services, and the Bev. S. C. Kent preach«« tbe MtsnoE, 