THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOlME MISSION. The annual meetings of the above Society were commenced on Wednesday evening in the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church. At a quarter-past 7 THE BUSINESS MEETING began. Proceedings were opened by the Chairman for .the past year, the Rev. C. Manthorpe, who, after, a.-hymn had been sung, led the assembled congregation in the usual devotional exercises. The Rev. C. MANTHORPE then said it became his pleasing duty to retire from the official position he had occupied during the past year. He was thankful that it had been a position of comparative ease And quiet; and though he felt he was best fitted to adorn private life, he was glad to have been able in any degree to serve the Churches as their Chairman. He had now oply to retire to make way for the Chairman for the present year, the Rev. F. W. Cox. (Applause.) ' Upon the motion of the Rev. J. HOWIE, seconded by the Rev. M. WILLIAMS, B.A., a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the retiring Chairman for his efficient discharge of the duties of the office during the year. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDBESS. The Rev. F. W. Cox, who on taking the chair was warmly greeted, then proceeded to deliver the annual address, an abstract of which appears in Register and Observer. The Rev. C. MANTHOBPE moved that the best thanks of the meeting be presented to the Chairman for liis able and interesting address. 5e had listened to it with great pleasure, especially to the outspoken reference of the principle of personal faith in it as the basis of their Church life. The Rev. J. GIBSON seconded. He was pleased with the orthodoxy of the address, and also with the attentive listening to it, which showed that the Gospel of our Father is still beloved. • Carried by acclamation. Upon the motion of the Rev. C. B. SYMES, the debate was postponed until the nest day. 1 SECRETARY'S EEPOET. • The Rev. E. GRIFFITHS read the Secretary's report as follows:— " MEETINGS. "The monthly meetings of the Committee during the year now expiring have been duly held, and the attendance almost without exception good, averaging nearly 17. • Once only did it fall below 16. The number of meetings held, including two specially called, is 15. To expedite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub-Committees, whose meetings have also been well attended. "ASSISTED CHURCHES. "The first important duty that fell to the new Committee to discharge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecuniary assistance. Out of the estimated income of the Union the following grants were made for the year which closed March 31:— "Milanar, £75. This sum was voted in consideration of the failure of the crops in the district, and because of the recent settlement of Rev. T. Davies as pastor, on the understanding, hpwever, that the sum of £25 should be deducted from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church the next year. After a service of 15 months, having resolved to resign tlie pastorate and -return to England, and fearing the Church might suffer in consequence of the condition which he understood to be attached to a portion of the above grant, Mr. Djavies offered to refund to the Union the said sum of £25; the Committee declined to consider his offer, and decided not to insist on any such condition. Besides the above grant from the ordinary funds of the Mission, -the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few members of Committee, on behalf of Rev. C. D. Watt, late of Milang, now through age and infirmity retired from. the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services— Milang, 90; Point Sturt, 45. The amount raised for all purposes—Milang, £107 18s. 10d.; Point Sturt, £25. Early in the year 1871 the 17 communicants were formally constituted a Chjurch, to which 19 members were subsequently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vols.; a Bible class with an average attendance of 16; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. Happy Valley, £40. Rev. C. Hall reports the financial position of the Church, as compared with the year before, ' a little better,' and spiritually 'much mora encouraging. Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Church membets, 39; a ' prosperous' Sabbath-school with 80 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7id. "The Church is far from being able at present to maintain its minister, on acsouut of its poverty.' f'Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills, £75. These Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who reports that the Church at Port Victor has 'suffered through removals and depression in trade;' that the Church at Encounter Bay is 'about the same;' and that Bald Hills Church has ' declined very much through loss of crops anil removals.' The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13, 12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 20 and 3, 39 and 5. Amounts raised during the year—Port Victor, £61 18s. Ud.; Encounter Bay, £18 0s. 6d.; Bald Hills (including £6; 9s. from the Sabbath-school), £26 19s. Mr. Hodge adds, * we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs are much more pressing that they were last year.' " "Kadina, £30. The average attendance on Lord's Day is at Kadina, 125; at Green's Plains, 40 Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, 'slightly improved in almost every respect.' Th^ Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has now become seif-sustaining. Mr; Hall, Finance Secretary, writes—'I am requested by the pastor and members of the Kadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for rthe temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to inform you that at the expiration of the present graiit they will not require any further aid.' " Goolwa, £25. This Church, under the pastorate of Rev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60; the members number 20; the Sabbath-school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the' neighbourhood, 'the number attending public worship is increasing.' " High- street, Kensington. In addition to the,above grants voted early in the financial year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church. Rev. W. Nicholls reports that during the nine, preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9; and that the congregation has doubled. Assistance at the present time from the funds of the Union is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Churjh is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will' cheerfully* do so. " Alma Plains. An application for a grant of £50 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' dependence on occasional ministerial service, is about to secure a settled pastor. "Houghton. This is the only station regularly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission. Shipley will now probably be again taken up by the Home Mission, Rev. E. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastorate. Mr. McEwin reports an improvement in the attendance, which now averages 25. A weekly, Bible class of 'from eight to 10 lads' is held; also a Sabbath-school of' 70 scholars and nine teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is 'on the whole much better' than it was last year. " The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South- Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay—the only spot in the South-East where Independency has established a footing—offered a field of labour that overreached the powers of any one man, apd that if the Society could send out a qualified young man to co-operate with the Rev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards his support, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Committee for believing that the request would meet with the favourable consideration of the Society. No reply has been received beyond a formal acknowledgment of receipt of application, in which, however, the Secretary, Rev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, but that he would bring the matter before the Executive of the Society attheir earliest meeting. ! " PRECEDENCY. '" The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded to the Governor. It issued in a correspondence between His Excellency and the Committee, which was published in the daily papers, 25th May. The Committee then proposed to memorialize the Legislature on the subject, but the Rev. F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted with representatives of other denominations, it was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, which finally vanished from the Committee 12th September. " MINISTERIAL TRAINING. "The Committee resolved, June 13th, that it was desirable 'to encourage and assist a few suitable young men, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves for the Christian ministry;' and that to secure this end it was further desirable to obtain if possible the co-operation of other denominations; and that the Baptist and Presbyterian bodies should be invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. Favourable replies having been received, delegates from the three denominations met, atd prepared a few recommendations, which were accepted by the Baptist Association, the Presbytery, and, : at the half-yearly meeting, our own Union. A council composed of six representatives of each of these three bodies was formed, and the result has been made public in the prospectus of ' Union College.' "MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND. "The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of the pastorate, was brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations were then created that some influential member of Committee would prepare" and take charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeated delays and disappointments it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Rind of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis for the consideration of the question; and, as Rev. J. C. McMichael, of Gawler, had till recently resided in Victoria, he was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly cocsented. A general discussion at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, McMichael, Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present meeting. : "RULES OF THE UNION. " The attention of the Committee was early called to the desirability of amending the By - laws so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more carefully the method of conducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of officers and Committee for election at the annual meetings, &c.; A list of revised By-laws was in course of consideration, when—the inadequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed and acknowledged—it was withdrawn in favour of a more, comprehensive list of rules, in which the most important element of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised rules have for some time been in the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. " HALF-YEARLY MEETING. " This was held at Port Adelaide, October 26. The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. " MAGAZINE. '' The position of the South Australian fiidejjer^dent, now under the editorial management of Rev. F. W. Cox, is, in a financial aspect, highly satisfactory. But the number of copies issued, about 5S0, the Committee considers might be easily enlarged, and they venture earnestly to hope that this meeting will promote a much more extensive circulation of the magazine among our congregations. " STATISTICS. 1 4 The following figures are an abstract of the returns of our Churches, forwarded at the request of theGovernment:— Year. Sittings. Average attendance. 1869 8,203 5,052 1872 7,941 4,750 Members. Sunday Scholars. 1869 1,338 3,085 1872 1,571 3,103 . The above are an approximate estimate only. Some Churches decline to furnish the desired particulars, and among the answers are some obvious errors. " REVIEW. " The Committee desire to express their gratitude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refuge of our Churches; beneath whose eye and resting on whose everlasting arms this tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and his fountain has been upon a land of corn and wine. 'Bless, Lord, his substance, and accept the work of his hand.' " It gives the Committee great joy to be able to utter their congratulations with Stow Memorial Church in that it has pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length another and well-accredited pastor. Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., arrived in Adelaide ia March, received a hearty welcome, expected hard work, and immediately plunged into his labours. ",'The Committee, on the other hand, sincerely regret the departure from the province of Rev. T. Davies. and deeply sympathize with the now bereaved Church at Milang, among whom during the past year his ministry—a service of talented faithfulness—presented a pledge so full of hope. May God direct the steps of our brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be occupied by him, and may He 6end another out, or raise another here, to take his place. "Rev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria. The Committee rejoice, however, in the expectation that he will before long return, and permanently devote his valuable services to the Churches of South Australia. " It has given much satisfaction to the Committee to learn that the Church at Alma Plaims has invited Mr. J. A. Dowie, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, and that Mr. Dowie, whose labours in that district before his departure from the colony have not been unblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing 'the forwardness of his mind,' and that' it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thine,' the Committee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only that he may give full proof of his ministry, but also that his zeal may ' provoke very many.' "The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstances arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden and peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray that to our.Churches the coming year may not only be as free as the post year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant and abiding mercies. May it be a season in which every one of our Churches, from the least to the*greatest, shall enter into a profonnder rest, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia which are ' not of this fold.'" The Rev. J. JKFFERIS, LL.B., moved the adoption of the report, which he regarded as a masterly digest of the year's transactions. He coupled with this motion that the debate on the report be postponed until to-morrow. Mr. A. STOW seconded. Carried. FINANCIAL REPORT. Mr. G. SCKYHGOUR was sorry that his having to read the financial report was in consequence of the departure from amongst them of .Mr. Gore. The balance-sheet showed that they commenced the year with a balance in hand of £70 0s. 3d.; subscriptions for the year were £272 10s. 7d., making a total income of £342 10s. lOd. The sums expended were—Grants to Churches, £255; other expenses, £50 lis. 7d.— making in all £305 lis. 7d., which left a balance in hand of £36 19s. 3d. Mr. A. STOW moved that the report be adopted and the discussion postponed until to-morrow. Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T. FLINT stated that the balancesheet showed them to be in an exceptional position, for they had a balance to credit of £60 18s. Id. Their monthly sale he estimated at £13, and the cost of printing £10, thus leaving a profit every month of £3. This, after experience of two and a half years, was a financial success. The «irculation, however, was not so large as could be desired. It had increased in some places, but diminished in others, and he urged the adoption of means for its extension. The Rev. J. JEFFERIS, LL.B., in moving the adoption of„the report and the postponement of the debate, would point out that the diminished circulation arose from many having taken extra copies to start the magazine successfully, which they ceased now to take. He thought the idea of getting the co-operation of the Presbyterians was a capital idea, and he hoped it would be brought forward when the Presbyterian deputation would be present. Carried. CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY'S REPORT. " Mr. C. SMEDLEY, in submitting this report, had pleasure in stating that the increase of funds was £61 0s. 6d. The Churches aided were all in a healthy position, and would repay the amounts owing when they became due. No new bequest had been made during the year, but it was pleasing to know •that the Society in its previous years had largely helped impoverished Churches, and he reasonably hoped that its claims would be recognised by those who had acquired largely. Last year .the assets were £1.536 2s. lOd. This year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., making the balance of £61 0s. 6d. The assets were—Loans, £1,492 4s. 3d.; interest, £61 7s. 10d.; rent, £4 4s.; Bank, £35 lis. 10d.; and cash in hand, £3 8s. 5d. The securities had been examined, and the accounts audited and found correct. It was gratifying to add that the cost of working the Society for 13 years had been under 20s. per year, and that no misunderstanding nor dispute had ever occurred. Mr. JAS. PORTER moved that the report l>e adopted and the debate adjourned. Carried. _ The Rev. E. GRIFFITHS read over the meetings for the following day; and after singing the doxology the Chairman pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. 