EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVINGSTONE'S SECOND LETTER. Dr. Livingstone'ssecond letter to Mr. J. G.Bennett appeared in the N'ew s'ork Herald of the 27th of July, and a copy of it was courteously sent to the London papers. We seleetthemostinteresting passagesfrom it. THE BSTaE TniE. Spe6akiog of this horrible trade, the Doctor says: " Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slavres indflicts on the victims end on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalised by a long course of service, with but few of the ameliorating influences that elevate more favoured races, arefairaverage specimens oEftheAfrican man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to do. mestic bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most uuhealthy elimate. These have told most in juriously on their physical frames, while fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous injus tice to the main body of the population living free in the interior under their own chiefs and laws-cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rocky strata or under perennial ice. Winwoode Reade hit the truth when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full luscious lips, and some what depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than tihe West Coast African, who has been debased by the unhealthy laud he lives in. Slarvesgenerally end especially those on the West Coast, at Zanzibar, and elsewhere--nre extremely ugly. I have no preju dice against their colour; indeed, anyone who lives long among them forgets that they are black, and feels that they are just fellow-men. But the low retreating foreheads, prognathous jaws, lark heels, and other phy sical peculiarities common among slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion as those wit h which we view specimens of the 'Bill Sikes' and 'bruiser' class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to prosess down either class more deeply into the mire in which they are al ready unk,. But I wish to point out that those are not typical Africans any more than typical English men, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rule, fair ave rage specimen of humanity. I happened to be present whoa all the heed men of the great chief Insama, who lives west of the south end of Tanganyiko, had come together to make peace with certain Arabs who Iad burned their chief town, and I am certain one could not see more finely-formed intellectual heads in any assembly in London or Paris, and the faces and forms correspond with the finely-shaped heads." Tax TBaETMEcIn OF SLAVF-. "I once saw a party of twelve who had been slaves in their own country-Lunds or Londa--of which Casembe is chief or general. They were loaded with large heavy wooden yokes, which are forked trees about three inches in diameter and seven or eight feet long. The neck is inserted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across from one end of the fork to the other, and riveted; the other eqd is tied at night to a tree or to the ceiling of a but, and the neck being firm in a fork, the slave is held off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer, and when marching two yokes are tied together bj their free ends, and loads put on the slaves' heads bleides. Women, having it addition to the yoke and load a child on the back, have said to me on passing, 'They are killing me ; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads.' One who spoke thus did die, and tihe poor little girl, her child, perished of starvafibn. I interceded for some, but when unyoked off they bounded into the long grass, and I was gently blamed for not caring to preserve the owner's property. After a day's marbch under a broil ing vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads, the strong eat are exhausted. The party of twelve above men tioned were sitting singing and laughing. 'Hallo!' said I, ' these felloa talke to it kindly; this must be tihe class for whom philosophbrs say slavery is the natural state;' and I went and asked the cause of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of thie word rukh/a, which usually means to fly or to leap. They were using it to express the idea of haunting, as a gbost, and inflieting disease and death; and the song was, ' Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad or white man's land) with yokes on our neckse; but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall return and haunt and kill you." Tie chorus then struck in was the name of the man who had sold each of them, and then followed the general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perembe, an old man o at least 104 years, had been one of the sellers. In accordance with African belief they had no doubt of being soon able, by ghost power, to kill even him. Their refrain was, ''"Oh, oh, oh! Bird of freedom, oh l You sold me, oh, oh, olr! I shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh !" The laughter told not of mirth, but of the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. 'He that is higher than the highest regardeth.' " ArntrAo' LADIES. " Many of the womeu were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they had only let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change their charming black e)es, beautiful fore heads, nieoly-rounded liombs, well-shaped forms, and small hands and feat. But they must adorn them selves; and this they do-oh, the hussies !-by filing their eplendid teeth to points like cat's teeth. It was distressing, for it made their emile, whiuh has so much power over us great he donkeys, like that of the croco dile. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do if they had none, but pout and lecture us on 'womoa's rights' P But those specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm, brown skins, tottooing various pretty devices without colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tartans." Tar VL?rY OF TO NLn. "But why go among the cannibals at all ? Was it not like joining the Alpine Club in order to bo lauded if you don't break your nook where your neck ought to be broken ? This makes me turn back to thie water. shed, as I promised. It is a broad belt of tree- covered upland, some 700 miles in length from west to east. The general altitude is between 4000 and 6000 feet above the sea, and mountains stand on it at various points which are between 6000 and 7000 feet above the ocean levrel. On this watershed springs arise which are well-nigh innsmerable-that is, it would take half a man's lifetime to count them. These springs join each other and form brooks, which nagain con verge and become rivers, or say streams, of twenty, forty, or eighty yards, that never dry. All flow towards thie contre of an immense valley, which I believe to be the Valley of thie Nile. In this trough we have at first three large rivers. Thouen all unite into one enormous lacustrine river, the coentral line of drainage, which I name Webb's Lualaba. In this great valley there are five great lakes. One near the upper end is called Lake Bemhba, or more properly Bangwoolo, but it is not a source of the Nile, for no large river begins in a lake. It is supplied by a river called Chambeze and several others, which may be considered sources, and out of it flows the large river Luapula, which enters Lake Moero, and somee out as thie great lake river Lualaba to form Lake Kaamolondo. West of Kamolondo, but still in the great valley, lies Lake Lincoln, which I named as my little tribute of lore to the great and good man America enjoyed for some time and lost. One of the three great rivers I mentioned-Bartle Frere's, or LuiBra-falls intoKumo londo, and Lake Lincoln becomes a lacustriane river, and it, too, joins thie central line of drainage, but lower down, and all three united form the fifth lake, from which the slaves.sent to me, instead of men, forced bo, to my great grief, to leave as the 'unknown lake.' By my reckoning- the cthronometers being all dead it is five degrees of longitude, west of Speke's position of Ujiji; this makes it probable that the great lacus trine river in the valley is the western branch-or Pethericl'e Nile--the Bahar Ghazal, and not the east ern branch, which Speke, Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Egypt. If correct, this would make it the Nile only after all the Bahar Ghasal enters the eastern arm." ToE InASTANrTS OF ?In?ma Ecea.. "'When parties leave Ujiji to go westwards into Manyuema the question asked is not what goods they have, but how many guns and kegs of gunpowder. If they have 200 or 000 muskets, and ammunition in proportion, they think sueccess is certain. The Man yoema were found to be terrified by the report of their guns ; some, I know, believed them to be supernatural, for when the effect of a musket-ball was shown on a goat they looked up to the clouds, and offered to bring ivory to buy thle charm by which lightning was drawn down. When a village was assaulted the men fled in terror, and women and children were captured. Many of the Manyuema women, especially far down the Lualaba, are very pretty, light-eoloured, and lovely. It was common to hear the Zanzibar slaves-whose faces resemble the features of London door-knockers, which some atrocious iroufounder thought were like those of lionse-say to each other, 'Oh, if we had Manyunema wives, what pretty children we should get!' Manyuema men and women were all vastly superior to the slaves, who evidently felt the inferiority they had acquired by wallowing in the mire of bondage. Many of the men were tall, strapping fellows, with but little of what we think distinctive of the negro about them. If one relied on the teashings of phrenology, the Manyuema men would take a high place in the bu maun family. They felt their superiority, and often said truly, ' Were it not forfirearms, not one ofthe strangers would ever leare our country.' If a comparison were instituted and a body of Manygema men, taken at ran dom, placed opposite, say, the members of the Anthro pological Society of London, olad like them in kilts of. grass cloth, I should like to take my place alongside the Manyoems, on the principle of preferring the com pany of my betters; the philosophers would look wo fully seraggy. But though the 'inferior race,' as we compassionately call them, have finely-formed heads, and often handsome features, they are undoubtealy cannibals. The country abounds in food of all kinds, and the rich soil raises everything planted in great luxuriance. A friendof minetried rce, and ityielded one hundred and twenty fold; three measures of seed yielded 860 measures. Maie .ie so abundant that I have seen forty-five loads, each aboutl601ba., given for a singlegoat. It was puzzling to see why they ahould be cannibals. The Manyuems have plenty of pigsand other domestio animals, and yet they are cannibals. Into the reasons for their cannibalism I do not enter. They say that human flesh is not equal to that ofgoats or pigs; it is saltish, and makes them dream of the dead. Why fine-loolking men like them should be so low in the moral scale can only be attributed to the non-introduction of that religion which makes those distinctions among men which phrenology and other elogies cannot explain. The religion of Christ is un questionably the boaest for man?" HORRnnLE CusToMS AhND NoIGGER ?Os?tM. "The Manyuema women-especially far down the Lualaba-are very pretty and very industrious. The market is with them a great institution, and they work lhard and carry far in order to have something to sell. Markets are established about ten or fifteen miles apart. All are dressed in their best-gaudy coloured, many-folded kilts that reach from the waist to the knee. When 2000or 8000 are together they enforce justice, though chiefly women; and they are such eager traders that they set off in companies by night, and begin to run as soon as they come within the hum arisiqg from lhundreds of voices. To haggle, and joke, and laugh. and cheat, seems to be the dear eat enjoyment of life. The Manynaema have always told us that women going to market were never mo lested. When the men of two districts were engaged in actual hostilities the women passed through from one market to another unharmed; to take her goods, even in war, was a thing not to be done. But to these market-women the half-oastes dirented their guns. Two eases that cams under my own obsoteal-: vation were so sickening I cannot allow the mind to dwell upon or write about them. Many of both sexes were killed, but the women and children chiefly were made captives. No matter haw muheb irory they had obtained, these "Nigger Moslema" must have alaves, and they assaulted the markets and villages, and made captives ehiefly, as it appeared to me, be. cause, as the men run off at the report of guns, they could do it without danger. I had no idea before how bloodthirsty men can be when they can pour out tlhe blood of fellow-men in safety. And all this carnage is going on in Manyuema at the very time I write. It is the Banians, our protected Indian follow-subjects, that directly do it all We have conceded to the Sultan of Zanzibar the right, which it was not ours to give, of a certain amount of slave-trading, and that amount has been from £12,000 to £20,000 a year. As we have seen, these are not traded for-but murdered for. Tlhey are not slaves, but free people made captive. A Sultan with a sense of justice would, instead of taking head-money, declare that all were free as soon as they reahehd his territory. But the Baniane have the custom-house and all the Sultan's reovene entirely in their hands. He cannot trust his Mubamadan subjects, even of the better class, to farm' his income, because, as they themselves say, he would get nothing in return but a crop of lies. The Banianes naturally work the customshouse so as to screen their own slaving agents i and so long as they have the power to promote it, their atrocious sysetre of slaving will never cease. For the sake of lawful commerce it would be politic to insist that the Sultan's revenue by the custom-house should be placed in the hands of an English or American merchant of known reputation and uprightness. By this arrangement the Sultan would be largely benefited, lgal commerce would be exalted to a position it has never held aines Banians and Moselms emigrated into Eastern Adfrica, and Christianity, to which the slave trade is an insur mountable barrior, would find an open d6or." A correspondent of the .lwemas's Jecrealaeads the following serious report from the county of Galway: -" I regret to have to report that a very serious out rage has been communicated to the police here, who have in consequence taken steps to make arrests, 1~ would appear from tihe statement made to them by a respectable farmer from Cloonarkar that in the morn. ing three men came to his" residence, and, having placHed him on his knees, they threatened to shoothim dead unless he took an oath that he would give ap the lands to another person, whose name they slated. He had no alternative under those circuenstances, par ticualarly as one of thle three, who seemedtobe theleader, and was a tall young man, presented a formidable looking rerolver at his head, and threatened at thi same time to take his life on the spot. The fellows next demanded Ilis arms, and administered another oath, requiring him not to divulge what had occurred. Soon after they left, however, hle very properly in formed the authorities, and, froin his description of one of them, it is hoped that the authors of this diabolical act will be made to answer for their conduct. The affatr has created much consternation, as it had been supposed that Bory of the IIills was a man of the past-in this distriot at least," Science is about to attempt the solution of a pro4io lem which is of immediate interest to every ho'e~o* holder in London and the south. It is nothing less than a search for Coal under the rocks of the south' eostern counties. A committee of the British lAssooels tion has been appointed to discover what is the order in which the strata lie under the Wealden, which c- - eupies a great part of Kent and SBussex s and a boring" is to be commenced in the latter county on the neoa sion of the meeting of the association at Brighton in the week after next. This boring is intended to go through the Wealden and the underlyisg secondary rocks to the Palmozooic strata which are supposed to lie still farther down at a depth of from seven hundred to seventeen hundred feet. It is expected by many geologists that at that depth coal measures will be found which will be practically a continuation of the Belgian coal-fields on the eat and the Bomerset coal fields on the west. There is little doubt that at some time the coal measures bare been there, and the ques tion is whether, as the late Sir Boderink Muarhison believed, they have been swept away by the extensivre denudations which preceded the'deposit of the chalk. Up to the present time no coal has ever beens die covered southl-east of a line whihob nity bedrawn from Bath to Stamford, and continued thence to Yarmouth.. The whole area thus marked off is ocoopied by strata far newer than the coal measures o and though thin beds of shale dod lignite haver been fonod, and" beds of sandstone strongly resembling those whibh overlie thle coal, all attempts to discoter sbal have hitherto been useless. Thesfailuro of previous efforts to fnd coal in the south-east oL England is no reason for believing that coal does not exist. It has never yet been lookhpd for in the rigbt place, Thecoalmea sores are the upper part of the Palmoeoio.series of rocks, and those rocks aoderlie the tertiaey and.ssopnd ary series, whaen those series are present ase.tbqhqyare in this part of Eigland.. Speaking roughly, .there are some fourteen of these strata which come;in 'regular asecession, and which are ggt-er esateea?000 and , 8000 feet in thickness. un tie assnoption,.therefore,' that the coal measures which'lietothe.esteiof us in Belgium, and to the west of ps in Somecet aud South, Wales, are continued under us, it was estimated that they would lie at some 8000 feet below tes surface. But it has now been discovered.that sgoo4 many of. these interveniog setrataare absent. In a well knk at Kentishtown a few years since, whih ,it 'wM,hped would pierce the water-bearing formation of ti0dow'er. greenesand, it was discovered that there wasono green-' sand to penetrate; indeed, it ll'the lower 'sondsy strata were absent, and at 1113 feet deepjoW, ht ws. supposed to be the old red sandstone, w6miiali"bder: lies the coal measerea, was 'found. At dirdiob,? a' year or two later, a like discodery was made;,th'mdnkh' the rook found at a depth of 1026 feet was nionetaint limestone. Thisis very nearly thedeptlatwhioh'the same Palmeozoie rooks are found on the other side of the Channel, and it at once suggests' thiRVery estrong probability that in eemeparts of the southern counties the coal measures themselves may be fonh al''t'imilar depth. The Somerset coal secams aw los kt.''point between Bath and Tome, at a depth of-lre hundred feet. Between that point and London no trial pits or wells have been sunk tonything likeb t'tho?uiandeet, yet it is after going to at least that'ldsh atha t the chances of toding coel begin. -'There i'·awell near Reigate 900 feet deep, another at Obheheite.BdS feetl and one at Southampton, which is stillith'thebh1ilk st a depth of 1817 feet. It is intetded 'thatth'b'o now to be set on foot shall'be'oontiond o'tabae of about 2000 feet. It may or may·hnbt p lett asiat of oal ; but it- will at least shoew trnwhttt orlebe? t older s'trata ie, :and will give .gsol tsi?te~shteh will eabile them to point' bdt where col may be found, or.to deside that It casinot e:tonaitft "' . A Paris corresisondent uientsonts ths'i'aetl' ha a s"erM qhestion" of ridiaulbnos di~sdenaioes is iid :?' hvie arisen between France and Turkey. .nga fareWell audience with thiel'ltai the ~re i~i, kept standing aso long t he hipjsesdf ~M to h' seated. This Wfroa ted; lhuh' t '' ' po at'hat the urkish Sov eeg was so orended ;b tl r bris~h? of etiquette thait ~ie omplaine~ln:tihksch o. vernment. At first thesmatter was siavdbel'j:b o''ke( but it seems that the S'ltan is in ear?eid'IM; Thiers is said to be greatly e~mbsrraised h'ow to?k ?'." 