COUNTBY PROTESTANTISM. It is true that in some districts of the country Protestantism is yet all but asleep. The people are quite content with their general indifference to everything higher than getting money and " living at peace. They think it very wrong to raise questions about religion whilst all classes are at peace with one another. The Priest is on good terms with the clergyman, and the minister is glad to have the countenance of such respectable society. It is thought a good thing that the " Happy Family " should result from a truce, and from a total oblivion of questions which concern " religion." The sects understand that they are not to touch on the domain of each other. They are not to interfere with the tenets of each other. So far as the clergyman and the minister are con cerned, this undertaking is " religiously " observed ; for they refuse to allude to the doings of Popery, and they i-efrain from touching on the pretensions of the Priest. Then- young people grow up in absolute ignorance of the meaning and truth of Protestant principles. They are allowed to grow up with scarcely a knowledge of the meaning of the terms. But while this indifference and ignorance obtain in the Protestant ranks, the Piuest is busy in doctrinating his people in all the distinc tive principles of Romanism, in circulating lamongst them controversial books, in guarding his people from the free circula tion of other literatiu-e, and in perpetuating the ancient prejudices and slanders against Protestantism and Protestants as most dangerous enemies to the " faith and souls of Catholics." "What happens, therefore, from the so- called " truce " and " living at j)eace " as a happy family, is this: Protestantis n is denuded of its character as a protest, and the Priest is allowed to do what he likes, to have his own way, to mislead his people without let or hindrance ! Strange, indeed, it is that " Protestants " should have come to an agreement not to pi'otest. Stranger still it is that Protestants should have come to suppose that it is charity and good neighbourhood to hand over the people who are being led (as Protestants aflect to believe) in the way of .soul-destroying error, to the Priest, as his legitimate prey, which ouff/d not to be delivered ! If those non-protesting Protestants will but say that Popery is not error, not soul-destroy ing error, then some explanation Avill exist of_their conduct. If Popery be only a harmless variation of religion, if its doc- tiines endanger nothing, if a man suffers no permanent or soul-hurt by being a papist, then, indeed, the papist may well be left alone in his ignorance and supersti tion. To be Priest- ridden, to be fleeced of his money, will be a small matter, and his sacraments, and coijfessions, and penances will be reckoned as the toys which please the likings of children. But, what if Popery be a soul-destroying negation of the Gospel % What if it be " another Gos pel " than the Gospel of Salvation which the Scriptiires reveal (Avhich is the very assumption of the Protestant religion) ; is not the false charity, and the non-protesting to which we have refon-ed simply unfaith fulness to the truth, and a cruel -selfishness towards the ignorant and perishing % These remarks have been suggested by what we have seen and heard in different parts of the interior recently. Like the two in " mixed marriage " who " never mention the subject of religion," and yet are " perfectly happy," so long as the Rom ish wye is allowed to have hev own way in the bringing up of the chiMrm, so mos Protestants have agreed to attend to them selves and leave the Romish people alone, never to mention the subject of religion to them, never to show them the more excel lent way, but to allow them to be misled, defrauded, or ruined without interference, if so they will have it ! We are glad, however, that there aie honorable excep tions. In some districts those exceptions are more numerous than in others. But this is manifest wherever there are excep tions : the " chai'itable " people and the Romish Priests i-egarcl the few who persist in protesting as meddlei-s and fanatics, and disturbers of the peace ! We are much pleased that the people at Hill End, ainid all their desire for gold and independence, realize the paramount claims of the truth. Their earnestness m church building is exemplary. They have a splendid lodge of earnest Protestants, who illusti-ate that Orangeisra is a good where understood and consistently pi-ac- tised. Last week we noticed that the people there, in their desiie that the Protestant religion should take and hold the lead on that gold field, haA'e undertaken to build a Protestant Hall at a cost of £1-300. In this they are but following what the smaller community of Tambaroora have done at a cost of £-500. In the little township of Tambaroora the best hall in the place is the Protestant Hall ; and the supporters of the cause represented by the Hall are men who are not ashamed to avow their principles, nor are they theiefore backward in any of the duties of good citizenship and neighbourhood. Both of these place are but following in the wake the little village of Gladesville, where a Protestant Hall capable of holding two hundred and fifty people has existed for several jmars past. In spite of persecution from Romanists and misrepresentation by charitable Protestants, the owners of the Hall have there avowed their principles without compromise, and they have shown, in their genefral conduct, that earnestness in maintaining the Protestant truth is not incompatible (as enemies allege) with honor in chai-acter, diligence in business, or ready-handedness in works of benevolence. The "Hiciii Places " of Wolloxgoxo. — In an article on "The Church in New South Wales, " a Romish p.aper has the following item of intelligence from Wollongoug : — " The Arch bishop gave Confirmation at the close of the mis sion. The children were previously prepared by two Sisters of the Good Shepherd, who came from Sydney expressly to help in the work of the mission. Before leaving we had exposition of the Blessed Sacrament. The altar was beauti fully decorated with flowers, in which the tropical vegetation of the vallej', with its palm branches and vines, furnislied a large proportion. The people came in from long distances, and all seemed to evidence a warm and lively faith among the people at Wollongong. Yet there is a cloud in the sunshine. Like the high places in Jernsalem, there is a Government school in the town, to which some misguided few send their children, though they have a Catholic school near them. Yes, if these Public Schools had their own way, there would soon be no Catholic faith in Australia. God grant that all Catholic parents may be got to see this, for while they do not they are blind indeed." Yet the Public Schools have them way, and the "misguided" Romanists vill sacrifice at the High Places. Dikect teleguarmc CostMuxioATiox. — The good news at last has arrived that we are con nected dii-ectly with England by the telegraphic wire. The cable between Port Danvin and J ava is completed, and we trust we shall hear of no more accidents. Success to the bond between Australia and the mother country, although only of material wire. May it prove the occasion of the moral bonds of closer amity, and so pnt off for ages the separation of the two distant lands. Appkextice Boys of Derry. — In accordance with ancient custom, the Derry Apprentice Boys celebrated the anniversary of the relief of the city with a professional visit to the cathedral. After service, they made a circuit of the city, accompanied by bands and bannerets ; and the Catholics being conspicuous only by their absence, no serious disturbance took place. Although the city is at present "proclaimed," cannons were fired in honour of the occasion, and the proceedings closed at night Avith a banquet. Two stabbing cases were reported in the evening. Jane Knox, wife of William Knox, a shoemaker, dangerously wounded her husband by inflicting several stabs with a knife. The doctors report that the case is very serious. It is said the hus band and wife are of difterent religious persua sions. A man.named Gallagher was also slightly stabbed by an apprentice m a street squ:mble. At Inniskillen, a great Orange meeting was held, at which it is stated GO, 000 people were present. Resolutions were passed condemning Home Rule and Donominational Education, and eulogising Ml'. Justice Kcogh. When William, Count of Saltzburg, was made a knight, he consecrated himself to Mary, and ordered that every day a candle should be burned on the altar of Mary in honour of her powerful protection. As he returnetl from the Holy Land, the vessel was assailed by a dread ful tempest which obliged them to throw all their goods into the sea. .Just as they were giv ing up all for lost there appeared upon one of the masts a brilliant light, in the midst of which appeared the figure of a beautiful lady bearing a lighted caudle in her hand. Immediately the tempest ceased and the sea grew calm, and they arrived in the port in safety. — Chaplet: Organ of the "Marists." A Priest Rebuking Superstition. — We sel dom fall in with a priest in these days rebuking superstition and fanaticism, yet such a one is the Abbe Gaudon, of Catre Longlis, hi Madame S.and's department of Indre. A storm was threatening the commune. The inhabitants went to the cure, the Abbe Gaudon, and reipicsted him to organise a religious procession through the streets. The priest replied that their demand savoured of suiicrstition, and that they hail better pray. At half-jiast ten he commeneed his mass in the usual w.ay, but just as he was iire- paring to ascend the imlpit to preach, some women armed with clubs assailed him with re peated blows, accusing him of being the cause of the late hailstorms. J The Abbe had to take refuge in the sacristy, when lie was rescued by the gcndai'inery. Afterwards, as the excitement still continued, he was obliged to take shelter ui a neighbouring con. m. inc. Holterm.vnn's Golden Shot. — The Hill End Obterfer of Saturday exclaims, " At two o'clock this morning, Mr. Holtermann informs us that a mass of stone, richer than anything yet seen in thecl.'iim, has just been shot out. Its weight is estimated at between 11 ewt. and 12 cwt. The geldcn mass is about 5 feet long by 2 feet wide at one end, and tapering to a point at the other. It was as much as twelve of the men could manage with crowbars to convey it from the mouth of the shaft to the treasure-room, and required all their strength to helii the whim-horse to raise it out of the shiift." Masses for the Dead Dying Out in Sydney. — We are gIa l|fco see the following in the Chap- let, a Roman Catholic paijcr devoted to "Mary," in Adelaide, from its Sj'dney correspondent : — " It seems to bo the custom of the friends of the deceased to follow the funer.il in Hansom cabs, and processions of these are seen following the hearse to the mortuary station, with frequently no other mourning coach. I once saw as mani' as sixty cabs after one funeral. It is a pi'etty tribute of respect, but amongst Catholics one would hope that at least the soul was as much thought of as the body. In this respect the dead are much neglected in Australia. Larr/e mniJi of mouei/ wilt be spent 'on a ijrand funeral, but as for a inass or alms for the dead, this is seldom thou>/ht of. " Portrait of the late W. C. Wentworth. — We have much pleasure in noticing a boldly painted portrait of the late W. C. Wentworth, Esip, by Ml'. G. Podniore, No. 4 Edward-street, South Head Road. It is an undeniable likeness, as the duplicate was purchased by Richard Hill, Esq., of Bent-street, a relative of the deceased gentleman. A good oppoi'tunity is pre sented to secure a faithful likeness of one of the most eminent natives of this colony- at an extremely low figure, and will no doubt find a purchaser among so many wealthy men of taste as claim him as a connti'ymau. A lecture, on the Infallibility of the Pope was delivered in St. Mary's Seminary, by the Rev. Dr. Barsanti, on Monday evening, Sep tember 2nd. In the notice which appeared of it in the Herald, it was stated that there was a very large attendance, and that theeloouent dis- course was listened to with marked attention, and frequently and heartily applauded. The Infallibility of the Pope was explained as not meaning a personal immunity from sin, nor a Divine inspiration such as was gi'anted to.the Prophets, Apostles, .and Ev.angelists, but "a speci.al Dhnne assistance of the Holy Ghost, by which the Pope was enabled to preserve holy, to expound faithfully, and to reve.al the truths contained in the depositary of Eaith." Pius the Ninth, it w.as stated, did not invent the dogma, but " simply defined it , as having been received from the beginning of the Christian Church." Now this arrog.ant .assumption on the part of his Holiness, and wilful untruth on the part of Dr. Barsanti, in his "eloquent discourse," was frequently and he.artily applauded by the audi ence of _bt. Mary's ! The Pope knows and Dr. B.ars.anti knows that no such doctrine .as the Infallibility of the Pope was received from the beginning of the Church. They know that Pope Innocent HI., in defending Ti'ansubst.autiation, s.aid, "I desire not only a friendly reader, but .also a free corrector;" they know that Adraiu VI. Avrote, "It is cei't.ain that the Pope can err, even in matters of f.aith, .asserting heresy in his determinations and decrees, for many of the Roman Pontiffs were heretics thej' know that the Council of Basle in 1432, deel.ared itself superior to the Pope, and in a letter addressed to Eugeiiius IV., said "Experience has bitterly taught us th.at the Pope, though head of the Church, c.an err, while the body of the Chui'ch has always persevered in its inf.-vllibility, .and has condemned and deprived Popes convicted of error in matters both of faith and morals." They know that Gregory VII. (1076) was found guilty by the Council of Worms of simony, apostaey, schism, and infidelity ; and that the vices and crmes, and errors of such Popes as Benedict IX., John XXXIil., Alexander VI,, .and Juli.an II., are admitted with shame by honest Pap.al historians ; .and still the Pope's advocate at St. M.ary's says that all the Popes, from St. Peter downwards, have been officially infallible ! That in this enlightened age, "avhen history cannot be secreted," men should be found capable of m.aintaining the possibility of monsters of iniquity, schismatics, and infidels having been the possessors of an infallibility which enabled them "to teach the Church the Word of God pure h'om all corruption .and error," is a pheno menon avhich ave c.anuot understiind. And avhile Dollinger and Hyacinthe, avith millims of Catholics on the continent of Europe, .are boldly resisting this claim of Pius IX. , th.at our fellow countrymen should .accept such a blasphemous doctrine and historical sham, and frequently and heartily applaud a man avho asserts .and defends it, is beyond comprehension. — Protes tant Advcoale. salalvdor. — Re.storation of Peace. — Ex pulsion of Jesuit.s. — According to the Jioletin Official of the Republic of June 20, the Republic of Sah'ador is declared to have returned to a state of peace. The Jesuit Fathers, Paul and Pozo, have been expelled. This has c.alled forth a lu'otest from Bishop Arsine, highly insulting to the high powers of the nation. The docu ment attacks the Legisl.ature and Executia'c jjowers. St. Bonaventure saj's that the Blessed Virgin would have far more cheerfully accepted death than to see her Son die ; but in obedience to God she made the offering of the life of her beloved Jesus, and in this victory over maternal love was the infinite agony of her dolors. An Impo.stor. — A new method of imposing upon the industrial school system of the colony has been discovered by .an astute shoemaker of Collingwood, n.amed Sydney. Mr. Sydney, othenvise known .ts Dumerle, is the f.itherof two childern, whose mother is in another colony, .and it occurred to this acute gentleman th.at he might rid himself of these small responsibilities by the easiest possible process. He first, by systematic be.ating of the children, taught them to .ab.'indon the use of the word ' father ' and call him 'uncle.' This accomplished to his satis faction, he 02)eratcd iqion the synip.athies of a benevolent lady to whom he narr.ated his woes. He was a poor hard-working man earning barely sufficient to get food .and shelter, and his sister died leaving him her two orphan children to sujiport. If he could only get them into the industri.al school .all would be well. "The lady stated the case to Mr. Tciuplcton, the m.agistr.ate, who m.ade inquiries through the police, .and ascertained the true state of affairs, .and the fellow was arrested as .an impostor, and sent to goal for six mouths. Mr. Sydney, alias Dumerle, h.as left a wife it seems in Now Zealand, .and was .at the time of his arrest cohabiting with another female, and finding the children in the way, de'ised this ingenious but fortunately unsuccess ful attempt to rid himself of his natur.al offsiiring. Six mouths will bo conceded is too little punish ment for such an offence, for virtually the man's object will bo gained, though under less ple.as.ant circumstances than he e.xpeoted. His children left without a protector will become a ch.arge upon the country, and when the fellow leaves the gaol he will be tolerably certain to make tracks for some other colony. Ole.arly our industrial school system le.aves .'in open door to the commission of much social iniquity. — Leader. A building was opened at Stoke Prior, Wor cestershire, on August 12, which has been erected at a cost of .£2500 by Mr. Corbett, the owner of the salt works in th.at localitj'. The group comprises schools, with master's residence, a reading-room, dispensary, &e.; The reading- room is also to be used for Divine service on Sundays. Speeches were made by the Bishop, Lord Lyttleton, and others, and an illuminated addi'ess was ju'esented to Mr. Corbett by his work-pcoi)le, who .at the same time g.ave Mi's. Corbett an harmonium. A novelty at the Dundee Regatt.a was a race for four-oared fishing yawls rowed by fisher girls. The "Pet Jjambs," wearing str.aw h.ats and striped bodices, who won the first prize at Croughty Ferry Regatt.a, won the race easily. Only another boat competed. The rowing is said to have been admirable. Cathedral for Edinburgh. —On August 16 six sets of designs for the new Scottish Episcopal Cathedral wore exhibited in the suite of rooms belonging to the Royal Scottish Academy, Edin burgh. The designs are by three Scotch .and three English architects respectively. The Scotch .architects aie Messrs. Peddle and C. Kinnear, Mr. Lessels, and Mi'. Ross, Inverness, the .architect of the Cathcdr.al of Mpr.ay and Ross, recently erected in that town. The English architects are Sir Gilbert Scott, Mr. Street, and Mr. Burgess. The late Miss Mar3' Walker, Edinburgh, left upw.ards of a quarter of a mil lion of money for the purpose of building the c.athedi'.al, and endowing a chapter. It is pro posed to expend a sum of at least £65,000 on the erection of the cathedral. The trustees under the will are nine in number, of whom six happen (chiefly by virtue of office) to be Presbyteriiins, and three .are Churchmen. Dr. Norman Macleod'.s SL'caes.sor. — It is announced upon .authority, that the Rev. John Marshall Lang, of Morningside Parish Church; Edinburgh, has been offered and has accepted- the living of the Barony Church, Glasgow, rendered v.acant by the de.ath of the Rev. Dr. Norman Macleod. The marri.agc of Napoleon Hugucs Charles M.arie Ghistaiii Maret, M.arquis de Bassano, with Miss M<arie Ann Clair Symes, took place .at the Pro-Cathedral, Kensington, on August 26. The ceremoii' was performed by Monsignor Capel. After the marrhage ceremony Monsignor Capel celebi'.ated Pontifical Low Mass, and delivered a brief address to the newly- married couple, in the course of which he told them that His Holiness the Pojie had forwarded his blessing on &Uurdai;/ last ! Father Hyacintiie's Old Catholic Committee at Rome has fr.amed a progi'amme. It demands ecclesiastical reform without secession, and as a standard of doctrine it rejects the decrees of the Vatic.au Council, but will submit to legitimate authoritj' within the Church. A correspondent of the Journal de Bruxelles writes from Rome that there is great excitement amongst Reimblieans of the Eternal Citj' at jire- sent, which is manifested in the newsiiapei's, the clubs, meetings of workmen's societies, and in the importation of arms, which the Government denies but is unable to iirevent. In certain parts of Italj', as in the Romagna, the Republican party is split in two sections — the Mazzinian and the Internationalists. But both ai'C equally hos tile to the Government, and their movements are a cause of serious alarm. A letter from Metz sa's the excitement among the population cre.ated by the law against the Jesuits can hardly be conceive'd by outsiders. Up to the last it was hoped that it would not be carried into effect in that town, but those hopes have lieen dis.aiipointed. The departure of the Jesuits will be the signal for a 'number of fami lies leaving the town, as the absence of the former will be severely felt in social life. Some of the Fathers are men of great social iiiiluence, and arc held in universal esteem. The new law will not add to the poinilarity of the Germans. 