Wit, Wisdom, Rumour. "John, can you tell me the difference between attraction of gravitation and attraction of cohesion?" "Yes, Sir,"saidJohn. "Attraction of gravitation pulls a drunken man to the ground, and the attraction of cohesion prevents him from getting up again." An editor who was shaved in a barber's charge editors nuffin." "But such liberality will ruin you." "Oh, neber mind, we make it off the gemmen." A venerable lady of a celebrated physician one day, casting her eje out of the window, observed her husband in the funeral procession of one of his patients, at which she exclaimed, "I do wish my husband would keep away from sucb processions. It appears so much like a tailor carrying home his work." The effect of the new drink—whisky made from thistles, the real Scotch thing there fore—is said to be " penetrating and exhilarating," the sensation being the same as if a Jew's harp in full tuDe was attached to every nerve, and a few were playing discordant tunes against each other in the drinkers internals. _ . * King Charles II., paying a visit to Dr. BuEby, the doctor is said to nave strutted through the room with his hat on, while His Majesty walked complacently behind him. with his hat under his arm. But when he was taking his leave at the door, the doctor thus addressed the King:— "Ihope your Majesty will excuse my want of respect hitherto; but if my bovs were to imagine there was a greater man in tbe kingdom than myself, I should never be able to rule them." A young man from the country, out walking with a young lady, cudgelled his brains for some interesting topic of conversation to amuse her with, but in. vain; he could hit upon nothing until they met several cows, when the swain said, with much simplicity of manner, "Now isn't it strange, what a motherly appear ance a cow has!" To which the lady replied, "I do not think it strange. Sir, that a cow should have a motherly appearance to a calf." The following story shows how the breweries thrive in Munich. " Friend Carl," says one fat Teuton, "can you drink one hundred glasses of beer in a day' I will wager you cannot." arl answered—"No, I-think not;" but the next day he accepted the bet, and quaffed off the one hundred mugs of cool, delicious beer. " Well. 1 declare!" cried his fat friend; "most wonderful! But tell me, Carl, why did you not take my bet f ajuld^j 't' * wanted to try first; and see if "Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Partington!" was asked of the old lady, somewhat timidly. "To be sure I do," replied she, " as much asp; believe that bright folminary there will rise in the yeast to-morrow morning if we live and nothing happenB. Two apprehensions have ear tainly appeared in our family. Why, I saw my dear Paul a fortnight before he died jest as plain as I see you now, and it turned afterwards to be a rose-bush, with a nightcap on it; and I shall always think, to the day of my desolation, thatit wssaforerannersenttome. T'other one came in the night when we weie asleep, and carried away three candles and a pint of Bpirits that we kept in the house ^ for embarkation. - Believe in ghosts, jndeedt I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful typtic ftB doesn't." 