"THE TURF" IN WESTERN AUS- TRALIA. Oue racing season may be said to have fairly commenced, and, although " the Turf" of Western Australia may not, perhaps, pretend to aspire or attain to any thing very distinguished or magnifi- cent-any thing very extraordinary or sensational, in the shape of horse-racing, it nevertheless can boast not only of its metropolitan meeting, held on the Perth race-course during the month of April, and which may therefore be called an autumnal meeting, but it can also boast of several quiet and unpretending, but sport-affording, and therefore, to some extent, enjoyable and pleasant provincial gatherings. There cannot however be any question or doubt but that the sport, or, in other words, "the Turf " in Western Australia, ought to receive a very much larger amount of support and encourage- ment than, at present, falls to its share. The presidencies of India-the settle- ments in the Straits of Malacca-the countries of Malay and Cochin China, as well as many other countries and islands forming the Eastern Archipelago, offer strong, as well as well as remunerative, inducements for the shipment of horses to their markets, which are, of course, as open to the colony of Western Aus- tralia, as they are to the other colonies which form the vast continent of Austra- lia Generalis. The pursuit of breeding and rearing horses should therefore be the more immediate object of supporting and encouraging " the Turf" in this col- ony ; and it would be a re-productive work-a work that would forward the true and material interests of the colony, if the Government were to appropriate, annually, some few hundreds (say from £500 to £1,000) in the shape of Queen's Plates or any other prizes, as "stakes' at race-meetings. Horse-racing and horse breeding are reciprocal and convertible postulants. The former, is, however, but in its infancy at present, and it should be-well, perhaps not exactly a duty incumbent upon the Government but it should be a question of momentous consideration with it, whether it would not be advantageous to the true and material interests of the colony, if it were to act as a kind of foster-father to the in- fant. These remarks are not intended to have for their purport, even in the very remotest degree, the promotion or en- couragement of any species of gambling in connection with horse-racing, but they are intended to advocate a means conducive to an end, and that end is horse breeding and rearing, together with its capabilities and its improve- ments. Agricultural exhibitions are use- ful, and unquestionably of considerable importance also, but their object is rather to promote improvement in the breeding of cows and sheep, than of horses. In a small community like Western Australia, private enterprise has not the capability of effecting much, and in order therefore to foster and encourage a pursuit of pub- lic utility and advantage, it would be necessary to look elsewhere for the ac- complishment of the object ; and where is the assistance to come from, if not from the Govtrnment. It does not ne- cessarily follow that the governmental encouragement of horse-racing would generate a system and spirit of betting and gambling; but if it should have that tendency what would be easier than to refuse and discontinue the annual sub- sidy. To be brief, the postulant is, whether the government ought to refrain doing a good, for fear evil might follow ; or whether it would not be statesmanlike to chance the induction of an evil, and give its countenance, as well as its in- fluence, to that which would be the means of promoting a staple and valu- able item of export. Let the experiment be tried for a few (say, 4 or 5) years, and the result would be the encouragement and fostering of a pastime that would produce public and private enjoyment. A sum of £800 or £1,000 placed on the estimates for racing purposes, and di- vided into 5 or 6 different prizes, say £200 or £250 for the Metropolitan meet- ing, and £75 or £100, each, for 5 or 6 provincial meetings, would offer pièces de résistance sufficiently large to induce at- tention to the breeding and rearing of horses, upon a much more extensive scale, than is at present the case. When this article was commenced, there was not present, to the mind or the thought, the remotest idea of diverging to the extent that has been done, but the opportunity presented itself, and the temptation to dilate was too strong to be resisted ;-and, with every apology for the digression, the thread shall now be re- sumed at the place where it was broken off, and the first annual race-meeting, which has to be chronicled, for this sea son, is THE GREENOUGH which took place on Thursday the 4th January, and which, if unaccompanied with any particular amount of eclat, was still attended not merely with remark- able quietness and good feeling, but there was also an absence of all that disorderly ' conduct which is, for the most part, the rule, and not, as in the present instance, the exception, upon such occasions. It is certainly very pleasurable indeed to attend a race-gathering, where there are neither riotous proceedings, nor any accidents to mar the enjoyments of the day, and if, in addition, the clerk of the weather should also condescend to he obliging-the horses good and above the average-their condition not only credit- able, but praiseworthy-and the running satisfactory and exciting-What more could possibly be required for the sum total of a day's, "outing' and pleasuring, whether at a Metropolitan or provincial race-meeting? The Greenough Races were however favored with all these de- sirable adjuncts, and the meeting, there- fore, appears to have been a most satis- factory, and successful, if not a brilliant, one. The following is a return of the sport ; but, before proceeding to give it, it should, perhaps, be premised that, in all returns of races, not only the name of the jockey, but also the weight'(except, of course, in catch weights) carried by the horse, should be given ; and it would be also very desirable to give, where pos- sible, the names of the sire and dam of the winning horse. If the latter sugges- tion should be adopted, then Western Australia may, in the course of-a few years, be able to talk about its stud» book, as well as its "guide to the turf". The first race was the Maiden Plate for which there were six entries, and the whole of them came to 'the post.' The following is the order of run ning : MAIDEN PLATE. Messrs. Brown's Clansman, W. Woolhouse 2 1 1 Mr. R. Bell's Blue Bonnet, James Bell 1 2 2 " C. Foss' Medora, W. Donovan ... 3 0 0 " Downes' Dinah, Owner. 0 0 0 " Baxter's Hazard, Nicolay, jun. ... 0 0 0 " J. Duncan's Lady Jane, Pollard 0 0 0 In the first heat, Medora, as soon as. the flag fell, jumped away with a strong lead, which she maintained for about half the distance, Clansman gradually creeping up to her, until at last he reached her head, and was on even terms with her. The pair raced along in close company, nose and nose, and neck and neck, when Blue Bonnet joined them, and the race between the trio became close and exciting. Medora was, how- ever, evidently getting leg-weary, and was beginning to lose ground, and the issue of the heat seemed to lie between Clansman and Blue Bonnet, until Wool- house, on the former, made a mistake as to the winning post, and thus allowed Bell to take the ' first chalk.' In the second and third heats, however, Wool- house redeemed his loss of the ' pride of place" in the first heat, and, making the running from end to end, carried Clans- man in, a very easy winner in both heats. FARMERS' CUP. Messrs. Brown's Clansman, W. Woolhouse 1 1 Mr. R. Rowland's Lass of Denison, Criddle 2 2 " W. Linthorne's Little Wonder, Owner 3 0 " Downes' Nimhlefoot, Owner ... 0 0 " Baxter's Hazard, Nicolay, jun.... 0 0 Seven horses were entered for this race, but, Blue Bonnet and Empress hav- ing been drawn, the race was confined to the above five. At starting, Lass of Benison and Little Wonder received the greatest amount of favoritism, but, as in the race for the Maiden Plate, the issue appeared to lie in a nutshell, for Wool- house never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance, but, sending Clansman along in a right merry style, landed him a very easy winner, by several lengths, in both heats. The next event on the card was the Pony Race, which was won very easily by Little John in 2 heats, and then came the race of the day, viz. the GREENOUGH STAKES. Messrs. Brown's Clansman, W. Woolhouse 1 Mr. Rowland's Lass of Denison, J. Criddle 2 " Linthorne's Little Wonder, Owner 3 " Downes' Dinah, Owner ... ... 0 " Waldeck's Annie Laurie, James Bell 0 Messrs Brown's Empress, M. Brown 0 " This was one event, and the distance - was 3 miles, quite sufficient to try the stamina of any horse, at weights for age. The question of premiership in publio favour was a controversible one between Lass of Denison, Clansman, and Little Wonder, but here again the superiority of Clansman proved itself, and, although both the Lass and the Wonder are really " little and good,' they appeared to have no chance whatever against a horse of Clansman's calibre, who again won easily. THE CONSOLATION STAKES. Mr. R. Bell's Blue Bonnet, James Bell 1 " Waldeck's Annie Laurie, W. Woolhouse 2 " Downes' Nimblefoot, Owner ... 3 At starting Nimblefoot immediately went to ' the fore,' and held a strong lead for about ¾ of a mile. He then be-. gan to come gradually back to his horses, and was, soon afterwards, passed by Annie Laurie and Blue Bonnet, who ran the remainder of the distance, so closely locked together, that the Judge was un- able to separate them, and the result, was, of course, pronounced a 'dead heat.' For the deciding event, Blue Bonnet and Annie Laurie, of course, only started, the' former making play, but hard pressed, and closely waited upon by the latter, who was, however, unable to get up and, after a punishing race and a slash- ing set-to, the former was declared the winner amidst great excitement. In the above races Clansman appears to have carried every thing before him, - and apparently so easily as at once to stamp him as a first-class performer, on the turf. The Metropolitan Meeting will take place shortly, and it is to be hoped that this redoubtable champion of that north will then put in an appearance, and show 'the stuff' and stamina that he is made of, and thus give the Southern- ers a taste and proof of his mettle and speed. It might also be worth while for Messrs. Waldeck, Bell, Rowland, and Linthorne to pay a visit to the Perth Races with their horses, and, as 9 or 10 weeks will intervene before the meeting takes place, they will have time to get their steeds into better condition, and, if they do this and are also careful in the training, it is "quite upon the cards' that one or more of them may turn the tables upon their victor at Greenough Flats. CANNING RACES. These races took place on Wed- nesday, 24th January, and were, on the whole, quite a success. The weather was fine, in fact, it might be said that it was. more than-fine, if a cloudless sky and and a burning, scorching sun, could come within the limits of such a category. There was at intervals however a cool and gratefully refreshing breeze, and that, with the pleasant retreat which the .umbrage of the trees in the vicinity ity of the com se afforded, very much tended to relieve the otherwise ¡ almost-overpowering oppressiveness of the heat. The concourse of spectators was greater than might have been antici- pated, but tho conduct of a very great many was very reprehensible, as well of \-- those who were more immediately inte- rested in the various events of the day, as of others whose disorderly and riotous behaviour ought to have called forth a much more active interference on the part of the mounted police, than it re- ceived. The duties devolving upon the stewards, the judge, the starter, and the / «lerk of the course, were most efficiently discharged ; Mr. E. Cockram, in the two last capacities, being not only fortunate, but also most successful in effecting a most capital start for each event, and in keeping the course clear. There were no less than five events on the card for decision, the three principal being the Maiden Plate which was won, in two heats, by Mr Naylor's Queen Bess-the Canning Stakes which were won by Mr. S. H. Parker's The Baron, and the Con- solation Stakes which were won by Mr. Ohidlow's Victor. There was also a hack sind a pony race, the latter being won[by a, pony belonging to Mr. Martin. The following is a return of the run- ning MAIDEN PLATE of «£- for all horses that have never won public money, or run on the Perth race-course as trained horses; distance, once round the course ; heats ; weights for age ; entrance fee ¿81 10s. Mr. Naylor's ni. tyaeeii Besb, aged, 9st 6lb. White ... ... 1 1 Mr. F. M. Eoe's in. Amethyst, aged, " Wilkinson ... ... 3 2 Mr. C Ferguson's g. Claude Melnott, 4 yvsr, 8st. I lib, Ferguson ... 2 3 Mr. J. T. Cooper's g. Slasher, aged, 9st. 61bs. Cornish ... ... 4 4 A very excellent start was effected in both heats, the first being won by 3, and the seccnd by 6 or 8, lengths. Slasher was no where. CANNING STAKES, of £- for all horses that have not run on the Perth race-course as trained horses ; distance, twice round the course ; . heats : entrance fee «£2. AMv. S. H. Parker's h. The Baron, aged, 9st. 61fes., Mr. G. Parker ... 10 1 Mr. King's li. King William, aged, 9st. 91bs., W. King ... 2 12 Mr. G. B. Powell's g. Colonel, aged 9st. 61bs., Martin ... 0 Mr. E. Cockram's ra. Mountain Maid, aged, 9st. 61bs., Cockram .. O Mr. J. T. Cooper's g. Briton, aged Cornish ... .. 0 Mr. Chidlow's h. Victor, aged, 9st. 91bs, Chidlow ... ... 0 Mr. Naylor's g. Skipper, aged, 9st. 61bs., White ... ... 0 In the first heat, the Baron, admirably and patiently ridden by Mr. G. Parker, won with very great ease by 10 or 12 lengths. In the second heat, White on Shipper began to flog his horse soon after starting, and the consequence was that the horse swerved, and, running off the course, either forced or took the Baron off also. Through this mishap it was useless for the Baron to race after the leading horses, in the vain hope of over- taking them, and the heat was accredited to King William, who won by 4 lengths, Briton being second. After the heat, complaints and objections, 'loud and long,' were made against the Baron's starting for the 3rd -heat, but the Stew- ards after hearing the evidence of the riders, Mr. G. Parker and White, de- cided that the horse should run, and, accordingly, the Baron started, but under protest, and won easily by 12 or 14 lengths. For this race there were eight entrances, but only 7 started for the first heat,, Mr. P. M. Roe having drawn Amethyst, who had already run 2 heats in the Maiden Plate, and, for the second heat, only 6 started. THE CONSOLATION STAKES, of <£- for all beaten horses in the first and second races ; distance one mile and a half; one event; weights for age; entrance fee «£1, was won with the great ease by Mr. Chidlow's h. Victor (Chidlow.) The best horse that ran at the meeting was undoubtedly the Baron, but he was not quite in as good a condition as he might have been. Between this and the Metropolitan meeting in April, there is plenty of time for some additional train .ing, and should he be brought to the post then in a condition fit for him to run for a man's life, and should the Messrs. Brown make up their minds to send down the northern Tictor, 0!ansmant an interesting and exeiting struggle may safely be predicted; and if the Baron should be unable to best him,'strong and favorable rumours are current about another horse in the same stable, who, if the rumours are correct, would be able to make the northerner strike his colours, without any very great degree of diffi- culty. Clansman cannot reasonably be expected to have it all his own way in the south, as he had it in the north, and it is just possible that, at the Perth Baces, he will be obliged to succumb either to Annie Laurie, Blue Bonnet, Lass of Jhrneon, or Little Wonder, all of whom -» <»»»»?»»»?««>«. . he beat easily at the Greenough meet ng. NORTHAM RACES. This provincial race-reunion is adver- tised to take place-about the last week in March, or the first week in April, the words in the advertisement being " it was decided, at a meeting of the Nor- tham Turf Club, that these races take place, three weeks prior to the W. A. races." The time appointed for the meeting to be held, certainly Aflects very great credit on the judgment and prudence of the Northam Turf Club, for are if there any horses in the Northam dis- trict worth sending down to the Me- tropolitan reunion, and it is to be hoped there are some, they would be able to run at their own provincial race- gather- ing, and there would be afterwards suffi- cient time for them to travel leisurely down to Guildford or Perth, and have a spell of 15 or 16 days after their arrival in the vicinity of the Perth race-course. Guildford is not much further from .the trysting ground, where the Metropolitan or Western Australian Turf Club holds its meeting, than Perth is, and, as it pre- sents better facilities for training, and is more quiet, and as it moreover can boast of one of the best appointed hotels in the colony, those northern gentlemen and I owners of the * high-mettled racer' who intend sending their horses south, to contend against the southern horses at the ensuing Perth races, would do well to sojourn, during the meeting, at the ' Stirling Arms,' where they will find in Mr. Lyons one of the most agreeable and obliging of landlords, and most excellent accommodation both for ' man and beast.' The last 6 or 7 words, in the notice advertising the northern meeting, viz. *. and that no horses are to be excluded," are both significant and congratulatory, and do not betray that narrowness of mind which is really inconsistent with the principles of horse-racing. The words, however, are, of course, liable to a slight reserve, viz., that they would not extend or apply to such races as a Maiden Plate, Hack race, &c;, &c.; 