THE PARLIAMENT HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, May 1. | Mr. "West presented a petition praying that a bonus might be paid to the discoverers of Saw mill, Gully diggings. A number of questions were asked and an swered. Mr. Bkight'3 motions for printing petitions" from, electors resident in the Hundreds of "Upper Wakefield and Mudla Wirra South and the district of Port Gawler w;ere carried. " ""Mr. Eajisay brought on his motion for a bonus on manufacture in amended form, mak ing it payable-for "-"blooms"-and marketable bar iron, as well ea pig iron; but the Speakee ruled that as it was a variation from' the terms of the Parliamentary vote, .an address to the Governor would Be necessary, and the motion was accordingly withdrawn Mr. Height's motion for reports, &c.;, relative to the dismissal of Police- trooper Stretton in the Northern Territory was carried. DAYS OF MEETING. Mr. BRIGHT moved—"That for the re mainder of the session the House meet on Fridays, at 2 o'clock,'in addition , to the other days of meeting previously resolved upon." He did not do that as a matter of personal con venience or inconvenience to himself. He thought one day in the week insufficient tor the business brought on by private members. He wished to get the session over as quickly as possible, and thought it would be much pro longed by sitting only three days a week. It had been said that little was done on Fri days ; but he held in his hand a paper compiled by the Clerk of the House, showing that the time spent on legislation on Fridays compared very favorably with the time so occupied on other days. Then, some of the officers of the Parliament were paid according to the time they were employed, and their salaries would be paid for a much longer time .if they only sat three days a week.Four days had* been the time as long as they had had a responsible Government, and private members had not found two days too much for their business. The return to the old days would shorten the session by weeks. (No; yes.)— Che Hon. A. BLYTH seconded the motion. He had seen the error of his ways. (Oh, oh.) He had voted for striking out Friday, being willing to give that plan a trial, but it had been a lamentable failure. It had been said they might make up for the want of Friday by sit ting late on Wednetday evenings. • That might; do if they had a proper robin to sit in—a room with a nice atmosphere, and that they could sit in without injuring the health of hon. members. The private business was already far in arrears.—Mr. RAMSAY moved the following amendment :—" Strike out all fc}ie words .after session- and: insert-the following : — * In order to give every facility for the discussion of business brought forward by private members, this House will not adjourn on Wednesday during the remainder of the session until the business on the Notice-Papfer is cleared off; or while the exigencies of the .public business require it.' It was unfair to try and reverse an arrangement agreed to by a large majority of a full House. Fridays were generally occupied by grievance-mongers, who went hunting about for causes of complaint. It would be a great ad vantage to the Government to .have Fridays to mature their measures for the next week. The hon. mover quoted-from-a report-showing the number, of hours? work done on Fridays, but he forgot to state how .much of Friday's work was reversed on the following Wednesday. (No, yeB.) —Mr. ANGAS seconded the amendment, and was surprised the hon. member who seconded the motion had departed from the principle he laid down .when it was resolved to sit for only three days. He said then he hsped whatever arrangement was made would not be interfered with during this session. It was awkward making those alterations during the sessions. It did not matter to city members, who could just drop in and out as they liked, biit (he country members had to make more difficult and expensive arrangements. The ac cumulation of business was not due to the three days arrangement, but to the various crises and consequent delays. Hitherto country members, had attended quite as well as town members,-and their'attendance would compare very favorably with that of some town mem-, bers.j '(No, no, ye's, yes.)" TLe Government had shown' energy, and there was every dis position shown to push on business, but if the three days arrangement was disturbed country members .might leave on the fourth day.— Mr. WARD joined with'Mr. Angas in hoping that the new arrangement would be properly tried' before being abandoned. He had made business arrangements in consequence of the understanding that the House would not sit on Friday. To alter the present arrangement would be .something 'like a breach of faith, a\though'he"knew it'was not intended as snch. Sitting three hours extra on Wednesday would ■be quite equal to sitting on.Friday. From his experience of Friday sittings there was scarcely ever a. full attendance on that day.—Mr. HUGHES should' support the amendment, though he must confess his resolution to sup port it was somewhat shaken by the assurance ,of Mr. Ward that: he had made business ar rangements which would prevent his attendance., on Fridays. (Laughter.) Friday sittings had not. proved-of much advantage, and he consi dered it' was desirable that the new arrange ment should be given a longer trial.—Mr. BRAY intended to support the motion. Like the Hon.. Mr. Blyth he repeated of having voted for the existing arrangement, because it had been shown that the four days' business could not be compressed into three days.—Mr. WAT CS.pointed out that little business of im portance was done on Friday, in consequence of there being but a small attendance on that day. By the House-sitting latter on Wednesday they would make up for not sitting on Friday.—Mr. ROGERS should go for the motion. He wished the House so sit four days each week, in order that i the session might be brought to a close as early as possible.—Mr. SOLOMON had made up his mind to go for the motion. Thursday now oc cupied the position that Friday did under the old arrangement.—The TREASURER said this. appeared to him to be a question for the conve nience of hon. members. Personally, he should prefer three days in the week to four days ; not because he would not be willing to attend there four days, but because Friday might be usefully employed by the Government in considering and maturing their measures, but he did not put this forward a3 a strong argument against the motion. He considered that the conveni ence" 6f "the House should be studied. The Go vernment felt some difficulty as to how they should vote, but under the circumstances it was thought the better way would be for two of them to vote for, and two to oppose the motion. If the country members had been united, they would have given'them the whole of'their votes; and if it was stated that it was the duty of the Government, as a. whole, to vote on" one side or the other, they should all' vote for the House sitting only three days in the week ; but this was a matter which they wished the House to decide for themselves. He pointed out that there was generally a crowded Notice Paper just after a long adjournment or a prorogation.—Mr. CON NEB said had the country members been united in this matter he should have goue with them, but under the circumstances he should do what he considered to be proper, and should vote for the amendment. He thought hon. members should not object to sitting a little later on Wednesday evening.—Mr. BUNDEY should, like Mr. Conner, have gone with the country members had they been unanimous. As it was; he Bhould go for Bitting three days a week, with a late sitting on Wednesday even ing.—Mr. CARR had no share in making the change, bat the change having been made, he thought it should he tried for a session. The crowded state of the paper was only tem porary ; and past experience told him that on Friday there was generally a thin House, and business of importance was not brought on.— Mr. WEST thought many of the town mem bers in this matter were studying their own convenience at the expense of members who resided in the country. The House should sit four days a week, and so get through the busi ness and bring the session to a close by a rea sonable date.—Mr. MORTLOCK, as a country member, wished to make the session as short as possible; and on that account should go for the' motion—indeed, he was in favor of sitting more th,n four dajs a week.—Mr. DTlNOAN ex pressed his intention of supporting the amend ment. Tt was not a question between country and town members.—The House divided upon the motion with the; following resultAyes, 16—The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands," Messrs. Blyth, Boucaut, Bray, Glyde, Mortlock, Myles, Riddoch, Rogers, Simms, Smith, Solomon, Townsend, West, and Bright (teller). Noes, 15—The Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Angas, Bundey, Carr, Conner, Duncan, Hart, Hughes, Krichauff, Mann, Pearce, Ward, Watts, and Ramsay (teller). Majority of one for the Ayes. THE PRECEDENCY BILL. Mr. BOtfCAtlT, in moving the second read ing of this Bill, said he wished the House to understand that he was not a volunteer in the matter. He had been asked by influential persons representing different denominations to rein troduce the Bill, and had been informed that if out-of-door agitation were required that would not be wanting. He, however, was of opinion that to again pass the Bill was the proper course for the Legislature to pursue, and he told those who had communicated with him on the subject that he had no doubt the measure would be passed a second lime; although, he. had not' spoken to any hon. members with referenoe to it. He made these remarks to show that the Bill was no particular hobby of his. The matter involved two questions—the first as to precedency, which was unimportant as com pared with the second, respecting the exient to which prerogative should be used by the Secretary of State in negativing colonial measures. There was a strong opinion in the colony that it was undesirable and unsuited to the Constitution of the colony, and injurious ttfreligion, that the head of a particular deno mination should take precedence of the heads of other denominations. As to the Bishop of Adelaide, he would not say anything disre spectful of him—indeed he entertained "respect for him—but esteem for the rev. prelate did not interfere with the principle involved. It hkd been said that Bishop Short was not a Christian or he would not have wished this precedence, but he would not go into that beyond sayifig that they did not expect Christianity from the Bishop—they expected that from everybody, for all were Christians—but they expected more than Christianity from a Bishop. (Laughter.) He believed he was justified in assuming that the majority of hon. members and the bulk of the people agreed with him that it was undesirable the head of any particular denomination should have precedence. (Hear, hear.) In his opinion Sir James Fergusson was entitled to the thanks of the community for his despatch, dated the | 27tlr November, 1871, in which his Excellency said-r^" Having regard to the unquestionable sentiments of the majority of the people in this colony, and the great jealousy which exists of ecclesiastical supremacy or.inequality, I would recommend that Her Majesty should be advised to assent to the Bill, unless Her Majesty's Go vernment should on general grounds disapprove of the action of the Colonial Parliament." For that despatch the Governor was certainly, de serving of their thanks, and he thought the paragraph which he had quoted would alone be sufficient justification for his reintroducing the -Bill. -(Hear, hear.) - The despatch indicated that His Excellency was anxious to act fairlj and desired to study the wishes of the people in his government. He would call attention to the Governor's "Memorandum for Ministers," dated 26th September, 1871, the concluding paragraph of which was as follows " I should be glad to know what course the Ministry in tend to take with regard to this Bill, and also what papers they wish to lay on the table in answer to the address." In the document His Excellency adopted a firm tone as to his views on the matter, and he considered that the Ministry should have placed on record some minute in reply, instead of the formal opinion of the Attorney-General that the Governor should reserve the Bill '' for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon, inasmuch as such Bill may be construed to prejudice the prero gative of Her Majesty." He thought the Ministry did not do their duty in not answering the memorandum of His Excellency—some arguments should unquestionably have been advanced in support of the views of the people. (Hear, hear.) It would have been their duty to make some comments, even if not in vited ,* but being invited by His Excellency, in a greater degree it became their duty to do so. In the despatch of the Secretary of State, dated the 10th February, 1872, Earl Kimberley said : —" It has always been- a part of the Royal prerogative to regulate questions of prece dency, and the colony of South Australia cannot, I am confident, desire to encroach on the power which the Crown has always pos sessed in all parts of the empire, and which it is for the advantage of all Her Majesty's subjects that the Queen should continue | to exercise as heretofore." He denied that it : had always been a part of the Royal prerogative | to regulate questions of precedency; for by reference to books in his not well-furnished library he found at leat 12 cases in which the precedence of officers had been settled by Acts I of the:Imperial Parliament; so they would not be doing their duty if they did not insist upon having the_ same rights with regard to the in ternal affairs of this colony as the Imperial Parliament had with reference to matters in England. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the_ Speaker of the House of Commons took their precedence by Act of Parliament, and he claimed, on behalf of that Legislature the power to regulate questions of precedency that related only to this oolony. (Hear, hear.) He thought the word "encroached" in Earl Kim berley's despatch an unhappy term—one that probably would not have been employed had it been considered. How could it affect the Queen's subjects in any other part of the Em pire how matters of precedence were regulated in this colony ? The only people at all inte rested were the community of South Australia; and by questions of precedency being regu lated by the Royal prerogative, would not only not be an advantage, but would place them at a great disadvantage. Then, the next para graph in the despatch from which he had quoted said—" Any suggestion as to the amend ment of the Table of Precedence in force in South Australia, which may be made to Her Majesty by the Governor, with the advice of his Executive Council; or, as I intimated to you in my despatch-general of the 13th Decem ber, by address from either or both of the Houses of Parliament, will at all times be most attentively considered.',' They were reminded of what had been done by Victoria, but he sub mitted that they were not to be bound by ] the action of Victoria ; they had a perfect right to judge for themselves as to the course, they should pursue. (Hear, hear.) There was reason for .[Victoria adopting the course they did. Their t Legislative Council was much more conservative than the Legislative Coun cil of this . colony; and that was the explanation "pf \ their having recourse to an address .to the'. Queen. (Hear, hear.) If the statement, in Earl Kimberley's letter was correct, the Colonial Office were to be troubled not only with the squabbles of Bishops as to precedence, but also as to the precedence of clerks, which would be annoying to the depart ment, and be productive of inconvenience and dissatisfaction to the people of the colony. (Hear, hear.) If Earl Kimberley had adopted a very high tone, and said " I've made up my mind,, and I won't let you do it," that would have been more complimentary to them than the assurance that "any suggestions will be attentive'y considered," which was just the answer a poor devil got who applied to the Chief Secretary for a billet. (Laughter.) With reference to their right to govern themselves, he called attention to a passage in an essay on "The Colonial Question'," by James E. T. Rogers, in the " Cobden Club Essays" for 187L-2. He should very strongly oppose any address to the Queen respecting the precedency question, because he considered they should maintain their rights. As to Royal preroga tive, in his opinion a greater bugbear was never brought beforeany colony. Great misunderstand ing existed as to what it was, and what could be done by it, and with a view to enlightening hon, members, he read extracts from " Notes I on Diplomacy and Diplomatic History," by ] H. Ottley, published in Prater's Magazine; " Rise, Progress, and Improvements on the Laws of England"—Blackstone's Commentaries; and "Enquiry into the Rise and Growth of the Royal Prerogative in England," by John Adam, in the Edinburgh Ithview. He asked the House not to be frightened by this ghost of prerogative . that had been raised up, because the power existed, and was times resorted to, of exercising that prerogative here. There was the power of exercising it when the effect of the act did not extend beyond the community of South Australia. Their taking a stand in this matter would not be inconsistent with loyalty to the Crown; but he would point out that there was loyalty to themselves and to the people as well as loyalty to the Crown ; and besides, the Queen did not exercise the prerogative with reference to colo nial questions of precedency. It was exercised by some underlings in the office of the Secretary of State, who probably liked to do the great man—who liked to go home and tell their wives how they had given aheavy blow to the deiflo cracy of some colony. Her Majesty knew no thing whatever about this matter, and he was quite sure neither Earl Kimberley nor Sir James FergussoD would say she did. According to one of the newspapers, on the very day that his despatch was penned, Earl Kimberley was at a dinner, speaking in terms of praise of these colo nies, and he (Mr. Boucaut) was disposed to" think if the Earl saw their despatches at all, he took little notice of them. He quoted again from Mr. Rogers's essay, to show that such mat tors were attended to by an officer. Whether they had this precedency qiiestion dealt with in their own way or not depended entirely upon whether they were determined to have their own way; and he should counsel that they insist upon having their own way if it were only to spite the underlings in the Colonial Office. (A laugh.) There could benoobjectionto passing the Bill, because it • expressly reserved the Royal prerogative. (Hear, hear.) Nothing would be more fatal to the colony than at once to bow down to the bugbear of prerogative when raised by the Secretary of State. In the despatch of the Governor dated the 10th Octo ber, 1871, His Excellency said—"The precedence granted by Earl Grey to the Roman Catholic Prelate has, I believe, added to the sentiments of dissatisfaction, and will not improbably in crease the support which the Bill will obtain. A great jealousy of the Romin Catholics is to be expected in a community so largely composed of distinctively Protestant denominations, and some who recognise the position conferred by Her Majesty's Letters Patent, apart from the ecolesiastical position of the BishoD, dislike the precedence of a dignitary who owes his rank neither to the appointment of the Sovereign nor to the election of his fellow subjects." He was a Protestant and a member of the Church of England; but he would say that he was not jealous of the Roman Catholics, and the action taken did not in any way arise from jealousy of the Roman Catholics, but from a determina tion of the people, supported by many members of the Church of England, that as the colony was founded on principles of freedom it was wrong that there should be any ecclesiastical prece dence. He entirely repudiated the assertion that jealousy of Roman Catholics had anything I to do with the matter. He did. not at all object | to the firm tone adopted by the Governor, but j he thought there was cause for complaint that the tone of the Ministry was not equally firm. He thought it a singular cirouhistance^ that the representative of the Roman CatholiO Church should take precedence of the representative of the Presbyterian Church, considering that the Roman Catholic Church was not the State Churoh anywhere in the British Empire, whilst the Presbyterian Church wa3 the established Church in Scotland. (Hear, hear.) He should have strongly objected to the precedence given to the Roman Catholic prelate had he been a Scotchman or a Presby terian. .Precedence was given by the .Imperial Government to the representative of the Roman Catholic Church with a view to securing the Irish vote. They were told by the Imperial law officers—and they were, as a rule, men of great ability—that the system of address was only to be had recourse to in the absence of Imperial or colonial enactment; but they were informed by some nameless scribe when they passed such an Act that they were going wrong. If they stooped to send an address home, it was likely the Secretary of State would hand it over to some clerk, who, if he had had a bad breakfast or dinner, _ or had been jilted by somejgirl at a ball the night be fore, might act adversely to the interests of the I colony. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) The despatches differed in material points, and therefore not the slightest confidence could; be placed in them even if they were better, beoause of their inconsistency. He hoped hon. members were not going to be frightened from pursuing the proper course because ■ of the bugbear of prerogative raised by some nameless underling. He asked the House again to pass the Bill. If the country plainly affirmed that they wohld have no Secretary of State standing in their way they would attain their object; but if they were cool in the matter the Home authorities would continue to write such despatches as they had received. If necessary the Bill might' be tacked on to an Appropriation Bill, and he should like to see the Governor or Secretary of State who would stop the Supplies of the country: in consequence of such a measure being attached to the Appropriation Bill. (Cheers.) They must put a stop to the dictation of the Secretary of State, or his dictation might be carried to an objectionable length ; and they would not be worthy of the privileges of responsible go- : vernment if they did not insist upon havingtheir | rights. (Cheers.) Mr. WEST was sure the Secretary of State would feel extremely obliged for the lecture which he had received.from Mr. Boucaut. No doubt he would be content in reading the first few lines, and take the rest as read, and con signing the speech to the waste-paper basket, which was its proper place.' It was a particularly unfortunate thing that, in a colony which had always hoaited of its loyalty,' such sentiments should be expressed as had been expressed by the hon, member for West Torrens. The hon. member appeared to be on terms of great in timacy with the Secretary of State, and teemed to know; all the regulations which had been issued to the Downing-street officials. He also seemed to be acquainted with what Her Majesty had done or had not done, for he asserted that the Queen had not seen this Bill. He did not venture to say that the hpn.. member had not spoken with full information' on the sub ject, but it was a pity .that other hon. members had not ap equal advantage! in obtaining the information with which the hon. member'had favored them.' He thought, how ever, that a great deal that had been said would be taken for its exact value by members of the House who know the hon. member's weakness.. He thought it unfortunate that .this question had been raised in the way it'had. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Boucaut made, some • reference to the Irish Church, and the place which the head of that Church occupied on official occasions. He would point out that His Eminence, Car dinal Cullen, took precedence, not as the head of the Catholic Church, but as a Prince oE the Holy .Roman Empire. The Hon. J. HART was rather surprised at the tone of the hon. member who brought for ward the Bill. It would be remembered by hon. members who took an interest in the debate oh the Bill last session on this question that the views of the Ministry of that day were very clearly set forth by it. (Hon. A. Blyth—"Hear, hear.") If the hon. member had looked a little further into the matter, he would have seen that at the date of His Excellency's memorandum, he (Mr. Hart) was in Melbourne, and that he did not appear in the House till 8th October, so that the memorandum was not immediately answered. ItJ did not always follow that the opinion of the Ministry should be given in writing. (Hear, hear.) There was a long dis cussion on the subject between the Ministry of the day and His Excellency, and the very course that the Government pursued in the House was the course which they intimated to His Excellency would be followed by the Ministry. It was well known that he took the same view now as then—that the present Bishop of Adelaide received Lettei s Patent from Her Majesty long before responsible govern ment was inaugurated . in this colony, 1 and that as, when the new Oonsitutiori tfas j inaugurated certain officials were compen sated by pensions for loss of office, recognising j a claim to the pocitions they "held, so ought the rights given to the Bishop by letters patent to be preserved. He did not believe the head of j the Church of England cared one rush about it, ' 1 but it appeared to him that the Bishop having enjoyed his honors so long had a claim perfectly independent of the question of prerogative and all that kind of hum bug—daughter, and hear, hear)—that the hon. member had been trying to make out of it. The Bishop had a standing • here which he was perfectly sure the House and • the country would be most willing to accede to him. The hon. member spoke ef the claim which had been set up by the Bishop, but he (Mr. Hart) denied that the Bishop had set up any claim whatever. (Mr. Boucaut—"His Excellency has.") The Bishop had remained perfectly silent. No one could feel more strongly than he did that every minister of religion should be considered only as a colonist and nothing more.- He did not desire to see one denomination of Christians put over another denomination, or Christians put over any denominations that wepe not Christian. A certain amount of justice, howevef, was due to the present holder of the See of Adelaide, arising from the claim he had to the position— a claim which was generally acknowledged. It would be recollected that although objection was annually taken tb voting a stipend to the Colonial Chaplain, it was held that the stipend should not be' discontinued till the death of that functionary, as he had held the office for many years. With the Speaker and other members of the House, he assisted in get ting the Church grant done away with. In the early days they fought against the sub stance—this that the hon. member was now contending for was only the shadow. The hon. member spoke disparagingly of the pre rogative, but he did not think that question ought to. be raised at the present time. The only question was—should the letters patent held by the Bishop be set aside by the Bill now before the House. He was sure almost every one in the province would be content to let thingB remain as they were until it should please the" Almighty"tb take "the present' incttm bent of the Bishopricfrom this—vale of tears, he supposed he might call it. (Laughter.) Tins question of prerogative had another side. If they were going to take the view that Mr. Boucaut insisted on, they might find themselves in a very awkward position if a foe came here and. they asked England for the defence of her' ships. _ Mr. Boucaut said he should like to see the Minister of the Crown who would set his face against the Wishes of the colony. He (Mjr. Hart) would not like to see him. It was 1|o their benefit not to pick quarrels with';.the; mother country, seeing how Very dependent they were likely to be upon her in case 6f danger. He intended to take the same View of this case as before. He should have preferred an address to Her Majesty—(hear, hear)—pray ing that on the death or resignation of the present Bishop, no precedence should be given to any minister of religion in the colony. Another question arose out of this, and that was, that if officiating ministers were not to have any precedence allowed to them, why should they be prevented from entering the House ? Were ministers to be the only pro fessional men excluded from Parliament. That put him very much in mind of the old law" which prevented a butcher sitting on a Jury. (Laughter.) He should not offer any very great objection to the second reading of the till, but in Committee he should seek to amend the Bill, saving the rights of the present Bishop of Adelaide. Mr. HUGHES could have wished that the | debate had been adjourned in order to give hon. members time to consider the arguments in Mr. Boucaut's exhaustive speech. The hon. member showed great research and talent in whipping up all the one-sided arguments and statements he could find, simply with a view to bring the House into antagonism with the Home, authorities. Then having worked them up to that pitch, he stepped back and took credit for stepping in between the Home authorities and the democratic members of the House. Who could the democratic members of the House be ? For if the hon. member stepped on to the side of order and Constitution who would be on the other? Mr. Boucaut had attempted greatly to mystify them. In the first place he tried to persuade the House that if they sent an address to the Queen Her Majesty would never see it, but it would simply go before a clerk in the Colonial Office. He entirely forgot' the statement of the Secretary of State that any such address would be very carefully attended to. Then the hon. member asked them to insist on their right to govern themselves. He (Mr. Hughes) contended that they had as. much freedom of Constitution as any British dependency had, and it would be a bad thing if they had any more, for that would perhaps involve the withdrawal of the protec tion of England from them. They should keep up their character for loyal dependence on the British Empire, and any reasonable claim for freedom would be carefully attended to. Mr. Boucaut, in referring to the prerogative, went back to the time of the Stuarts and Plantagene'ts, when prerogative meant power over life and limb, and power to raise taxes. The term " prerogative" did not give such powers ndw, but it simply included the bestowing of honor and the assigning of precedenoy. The hon. member admitted that the Im perial authorities would have had a right to reserve the life rights of the Bishop. Then' why did he put them in the mess they were ;at present by rejecting an amendment moved by Mr. Blyth last session to that very effect? Nothing could be fairer or better expressed than the despatches of the Secretary of State, which had been quoted in a very one- Bided way by Mr. Boucaut. The Secretary of State promised to give careful consideration to any address from the Governor or .Parliament; and as to the want of boldness in the despatch, the Bight Hon. Secretary of State distinctly and boldly affirmed the point upon which Her Majesty would not be advised to assent to the Bill—via., that no life rights which had been con ferred should be taken ;away. He thought they might avoid discussing the question itself, as the question of ecclesiastical precedency was fully debated last session, and might now; be regarded as tin fait accompli. The real ques tion was narrowed down to whether they should embroil themselves with the Imperial autho rities by sending back a literal transcript, of a Bill which the Secretary of State declared to be an infringement ,of Her Majesty's preroga tive, and the propriety of doing that could not be shown to the House. To send this Bill home now in precisely its present form would; be simply a direct attack on the prerogative of the Grown. The Grown was the source and fountain of honor, and no one would hesitate in admitting that position; and he referred to the great value which was placed upon the honorary rewards and distinctions which were .bestowed for distinguished sendees by the Queen—rewards which were valued far more highly than any pecuniary rewards which might result from the fleeting - .popularity • which a man enjoyed. He .did1 not vrish tb'go into the" right or the wrong or the. Bishop:, retaining his position. ' Some squestion: had been raised as to the validity of the: Bishop's letters patent, but the only point in doubt was at to whether they conferred coercive jurisdic tion. He quoted from a despatch of Sir Biohard MaoDonnell's in 1859, to the effect that1 an episcopate founded upon letters patent should have precedence, and to deny the right .of Her Majesty to confer such rank outside the Oivil Service was at once to embroil the colony with the Home authorities, and they could not send this Bill home with any other expectation than that it would meet the fate of its predecessor. Then the question would be stirred up again, with a little more high words and ill-feeling. He hoped the matter would be allowed to take its natural course, as a distinot promise had been given that no more appointments - should be made or prece dency- given by the Queen by letters 'patent. He could not help thinking that if this Bill was sent home now it would place the colony in a very disagreeable position, for, no doubt, a j Badical character would bejattributed to the j colony, which would be injurious in every re-! spect. In the case of a dispute the colony would ( come the worst off, and, therefore, he hoped the i House would lei matters stand as they were, and not inBult the Imperial authorities, ana offer a slight to Her Majesty by insisting on a ;Biti which Waa declared to be an infringement of the Eoyal prerogative. . — The 'Hon. A. BLYTH moved tim adjourn* ment of the debate till Friday. Carried. " 