OUR PARIS LETTER. ? PAWS, Junel The military service bill may now be sidered the lawof the land, and so eve citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twe remain on active duty for five years acccor to special circumstances, then to join the res until forty years of age. Men intended for church and for the office of schoolmasters are. College professors, exempted from going 1 fire, except as Ambulanciers. Gambetta posed all exemptions as & privilege and lea to abuses, and as it is necessary that a should be eitheir closed or open, the cof.ce in favpr of .candidates for the church or profession of schoohnaster, opens a door wide for evasions of the law. ' The real was over the article fixing the period of s for active duty. There were high authonu favor of .three, four, and five years, shorter period is the Prussian pla n ! excellent soldiers, and allows them return earlier to civil duties. It was w ous General Theirs" who. carried, or . forced,the . Assembly io adopt the termo> years. Prince,. Frederick Charles—the P of authorities of modern war—observes to the three years service—some 111 c " thick skulls-must be kept longer than ow be made a soldier, but it is an error w thp longer a man is kept the better sow becomes. Thp first year the recniitP®, time crying; in the hospital; think' b gretchen, and dreaming of his Jlon j )j 3 eecoiid year he is a good pupil, knows exercises <frith t&ste.;' Thelhird year t niencesto be si ; drunkard,, thinks enough of his profession,' chaffis ^ recruits ; this is the moment to send save ti) recall Imp wnen wajn®". j n The French say that if they ! iad A,,* Ternment, they would have nothing M. Thiers, in again menacing ™ r f fi B veV Assembly did not accept his'dosy « service'for recruits, assumed a P 0SI £ , f 0r ridiculous; There was no justificatiwto be'angry; the majority was wit" fg which he well knew. ' But he desire" J his butterfly on the wheel. „ _ condemnsiim ^heAssembly^ tole till'the Prussian loan be raised, for it r^nt intend'to "be governed in any Tudor doeS- and has had enough of autocrats ; bef^on- ijjjjerg promised to remain Chief of 0 S <, t' and not degenerate into a mere Cabi- ^Aniis'ter. He has proved to be the most 1 l te of wasters, opposed, as lie has ever ' to every national reform, from cheap k^Ve and railways, up to non-intervention and fr^^Thierspales, Gambetta rises, because 1 iter is the only candidate who has a fixed the" 111 "* vigorous programme, Napoleon exf \ men as Henry V. and Louis Philippe II. f' ••turn to power of Gambetta would be as i rtunate as the restoration of any of the fi le pretenders ; yet he might be the least of nited in the Assembly as in the country. lr Thiers is killing the "moderate" Republic, isc advent and success could regenerate I nce without compelling lier to pass once 4 through a fiery furnace. But M. Thiers f lXed policy, no aim beyond an obstinate ^termination to carry out his personal views, ,' 1IK, with and using all parties in turn—run- " '•„ ,'ith the hare, and holding with the l iinds It is to castigate such a dissolving ode of government that three of the richest inost conservative electoral districts of r n,, ce have just chosen, by monster majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambetta. Old age cannot "overn France, nor a feeble policy brace her m).° As M. Thiers becomes more tyrannical uid narrow-minded, Gambetta becomes more violent and radical. Iago was nothing, if not critical; Gambetta is nothing if not volcanic. The "Women's Rights" question-has once more come forward. The society for the civil emancipation of women has its journal, and recently opened proceedings with a banquet, Victor H, 1Sro sending "health and apostolic benediction'to the movement. France is about the last place in the world to discuss the woman 'question, first, because women are the men in this country, and secondly, the petroleuses here rather prejudiced the according of unlimited [libertv to the fair sex. Louis Blanc protests uainst the law which compels the wife to [ollow the husband, as barbarous. Of :two hiiigs, one; either the wife must obey the rasband or the husband the wife. The scaffold- »of ages is not ..likely to be overthrown, even °France where iconoclasm is so general,'which irotects the family from disorganizatian. It is mral not legal force the wife oUglitto wield ; the head and not the heart that the legisla- . consults. The child clings to the mother uhuut ever demanding is she the slave or Miz.mess, and that maternal power is greater as t rests upon the law—as it springs from the leart and goes right to the soul. A society to iduce husbands to fulfill their obligations toards their wives might do 'more good than an isociation to endow wives with votes. Where nisband and wife understand each other . the oman question is ever shown the door. _ • After the discussion on .the army bill is ided, the financial state of the country will be (iebated. The free- traders are determined not o allow M. Thiers to have his waiy in favor of iMtection. The additional revenue required is to be raised by income tax—very slight; the is to get in the thin end of the wedge, of the new sources pf taxation are proving ctive, but much economy is required in kroductivc ieir mode of collection. There are too maiy ml servants, more than ever existed under '-e ex-empire, when favoritism and extrava- Mce were so rampant. The Due de Choiseul- " ' Minister of Finance under Louis XV.; one occasion he informed that monarch in flfidence, that he had saved five millions 1 one month in the national expenses, and ''sired to know what he was to do with it. "Give three millions, and keep two yourself," was reply of Louis the well-beloved. The ublic has changed all this kind of book- * e ping, which has been peculiar to all dynasties "Trance. The convict ships have at last set sail for 1 e »'Caledonia with the tritons and the minnows '< % Commune. Rochefort will likely remain 'prisoner in France.. It is only a voyage for. e " condemned, nothing more, as a' genferal ®nest3" is certain to be proclaimedby whatever' succeeds M. Thiers. Two <t>r' threeyears 1 ®ost and the over-ardent patriots will be 1 l^a'ht back, and perhaps the agents who, contort them now to the Pacific Ocean will them- -Ivts be sentenced to take their place. The 1 Nihility of such an event may explain "why :" c authorities bestow great kindness on the n ' !l5 !>')ried—making friends of the mammon of ''"•'ohtii.jusness. The lady members of the •wimiuie, some twenty p&rolewscs;—mistresses ' s ''iled doves by profession—are by a ; curious j:! n «dence to sail for New Caledonia .in the , r 'ma." Further,..a showman announces 11 1 a few weeks he will have six of the " cs of that penal settlement for exhibition, l^ranteed feathers and war paint. Parisians I > anxious "to make the acquaintance of new neighbors; but decency 1' cannibalism. • * - ; ^tistics of Paris, ao Jar as the results of ar He e known, confirin the opinion that •t) lt ^Pulation has not diminished, but is about ' n ° as it was six years ago—nearly two 5 - A marked .social change, has taken J 'en the wealthy portions of fhe city nav< deserted for quarters ' where ' house 18 moderate, consequently' there'' are I did and ' blocks of Bplen- .dwelling. ;a teftELntlessi IVW The French ,. s f 8 P 6c t display one of the most sensible j tJ ° ™eir character—a contempt for keep a ppearances when the purse is consiunp tive. XSving is most expensive'in Paria ; local taxes are crushing'; the Empire "bequeathed a frightful debt to Paris, which the aiege and the Commune increased. ' By economy, loans, and fresh taxes the Municipal Council is bringing matters into order. It is at the Central Market where the imposts are levied on the food supplies, the duty being ad valorem, and at present double. One hundred weight of butter will have to pay on an average 9f. in taxation, game 20f., barn-door fowl Of. and eggs 2f. The •nice of each commodity increases like a snowsail, in proportion to the number of hands it passes through, which may account for a few suicides of purchasers or sudden deaths produced by shocks. Fish is divided into three classes; salmon and turbot, &c.;, pay 8 to 10, soles, eels, &c.;, 5, and herrings, sardines, &c.;, 3 per cent. Then the cook levies her market penny, so outrageously that the Russian Ambassador indicted his Salamander for robbery—one item in the accounts was 25 sous for a bundle of radishes, which can be bought anywhere for 3 ! Business is not very " strong," as the phrase is; Paris does a fair export trade, but local transactions are next to dead, so the small traders are rapidly suspending cash payments with no prospect of a redemption. Even the gamins that at this season shook the heavy May-flies from the trees in the Champs Elysdes, sticking a pin in their backs and so attaching them to a string, selling the finished article for one sous each to infant entomolagists, have got no more work to do—the cold, wet weather having destroyed the insects, and with them a petit commerce. The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now 68 daily journals, and the cry is still they come. The tendency is to bring out morning rather than evening editions. The proprietors have no great anxiety to provide early news. The "latest intelligence" is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon. The Latins here find that treatises on abstract politics and such fustian pays, because France still believes she writes, not for Frenchmen, bnt for mankind. The defeat of the favorite at our Derby last Sunday has not cast a gloom over the capital. One sporting journal proves that the French racing studs are only English ones in disguise, and hence Cremorne has only beaten a com- panion from his own stable. On the evening of the race quite an international fight took place in the Mobille Gardens, between the horsey interests of France and England. The police carried off the belligerents before the Waterloo struggle was fought. The number of persons at the Derby in the Bois de Boulogne, the display of wealth and luxury, made one forget the second empire. Accompanied with a friend and two hired detectives, I visited a few nights ago the Rue Haxo, where fifty hostages—priests, soldiers, journalists, and policemen—were barbarously shot by the Commune during the last days of its reign of terror. The bodies were thrown into a common cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of the victims appeared every night as phosphorescent figures. We took up position before midnight, and remained till two in the morning, when churchyards are supposed to cease to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only the falling rain. The police who were on the look out for the persons who "do the spirits," were also disappointed, although at one time they believed to be on the eve of success on seeing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figures on the houses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Marshal Bazaine's trial it is now said will commence on the 1st July, as the plans of the battle fields will then be ready for the court. There are thirty persons employed preparing and arranging the necessary documents, and the expenses of the trial are expected to amount to 200,000 franc?—a payment which the rich prisoner must make if convicted. _ But ^ MAUnn n riQAnla nflWO 1 in "if» •" in this matter the people will have no "ifs ; they are glad to hear the Marshal enjoys good health, and hope that nothing will alter it till the moihent arrives when he shall have no more interest in its preservation. The press is unanimous in claiming a fair triql, and abstain from prejudging "the greatest 'traitor of modern times." Strange neutrality! Tne trial of Comte Dubourg for the assasisination of his young wife taken in adultery, is now going on. Since Madame Lafarge poisoned her husband, no similar event has occurred which has created more interest than the present. All the parties are young, and most respectably connected.. The Countess de Bourg nee, M'Leod,, was the youngest of four sisters. Her father was a Scotchman, who, having made his fortune in the city of Cork, emigrated. to France, settling at Blois, where he married a lady bf aristocratic family.' The mother died young," tlie girls were educated in the convent, the three Benior married well; the youngest •Denise—-met her, husband first in 186? ,at Versailles. They were married, she being 19, and Jie.23- years of of age. A son is the issue of. thefmaiTiage. . She was small .(dumpy, perliaps, judging froin her photograph), attractive; intelligent, and clever; 'as all "Frenchwomen ate. Her fortune -was 76;000 francs, her husband's enabled them to have a joint income of 10,000 francs a year. They were to live in the country at,her, father-in-law's, where she was welcomed as a.pet.. Her ambition was to" iive in Paris; she was a prey to a mania'"to appear in society." Her husband knew nothing of a city 'life) and, having no occupation, quickly fell into thfe'Vices of the-capital. - Pending the war, the • CountieBS lived at Geheva, > while Jieri husband joined the. Mobiles afi a captain. After the peace she waa delivered of her only child, and subsequently came to Paris for medical advice, where she remained. They were ail ill-matched couple, she was flighty, and he was empty-headed; in the Parisian ball-rooms she quickly saw the difference between her husband and other men. Worse, she expressed her opinion. She met Count Pr&orbin; at a mutual friend's, and made an assignation with him for next day, calling for him at his office, a clerkship in the Town Council. Their criminal love lasted for about three weeks. The husband suspected, and gave full opportunity to his wife; they took their meals in common, but slept at different hotels. He feigned to go to the country on the 21st April last; the wife's confidence was thus deceived ; she wrote to Precorbin to meet her, and they went to their usual trysting place, an attic in the Rue des Ecoles. The husband had paid spies; he followed his wife, traced her to the attic, induced her to open the door, as he '•' had a telegram that her child was dying." The paramour fled by the roof ; the wife opened the door in a state of deshabille; she begged her husband not to call the police ; he struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed her with a cane- sword, and when it broke opened a clasp knife. Of the fifteen wounds she received ony one was mortal. Three days later she died. The Code excuses a husband for killing his wife if he discovers her in adultery in his house; here the case is different, but will hardly affect the decision of the jury—nominal guilt. The husband was outraged, but we would like to have seen less premeditated preparations for revenge. As for the cowardly paramour, contempt is his best punishment, although his mother appeals on behalf of " her boy" in the journals ! The Court was crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly drinking in the incidents of the tragic romance. Marshal Vaillant has been interred at Dijon, between his wife and stepson ; the photograph of his favorite dog being enclosed in the tomb. The Protestant, or rather Calvinist, Synod is now holding its sittings. As usual, the body is divided as to an uniform confession of faith and submission to a controlling central power. St. Swithin is the patron saint of umbrella makers, and. is prospering his followers. St. Pelagie presides over journalists in the prison called after him, and where the wicked are sent who cry vive V Empire, as formerly when they wrote we la Bepublique, 