The relations between capital and labour are so intimate, , and , their interests so mutually dependent, that it is impossible they should occupy for any time positions of serious antagonism without great detriment to both: In recent times, in the Old as well as in the New Wor|d,; this fundamental truth, upon the practical recognition of which the progress and wealth of every community depends, appears to have been' but too generally overlooked. Capital, on the one hand, is charged by Labour with being too .'harsh in its exactions,, too selfish and be- grudiiig in its remunerations ; and instead of sharing justly the pro ceeds of, skilled . or untrained toil with the producers, they are accused of retaining in their own hands an undue proportion of the rewards earned by labour. On the other side, capitalists urge the unreason able demands of Labour as the cause of aliuost every depression in the manufacturing, commercial, and general interests ot . the community, and attribute every embarrassment that injuriously affects speculation or enterprise to the evil influence of Trades U nions and. strikes. . To lis it appears that capitalists and employers of labour, as a rule, confound effects with causes, and seem to have assumed that if Trades Unions did not, exist or if strikes were unknown, the employers and the employod would always enjoy the peace and contentment which result from a state of society where disagreements unknown and mutual satisfaction undisturbedly prevails. But the fallacy1 upon which such an assumption is founded it exposed by a moment's reflection. The inevit able response which must be given to such an enquiry as the following dispels at once the illusive nature of such a theory— " Why do , Trades Unions exist, or from/ what cause do strikes originate ?" . The immeasure- able space, which intervenes between the ' financial , and social position of the employers and the employed— the princely status of the one when compared with the hand-to-mouth existence of the other — presents a social 'photograph which ' might be fairly, accepted by the most rigidly exacting judgfes ,as prima- faeie evi dence of the justice' of the com plaints of Labour, and a justification of those defensive combinations which may be said to embrace — if not formally, at lea,st morally — the working classes of the civilised and enlightened i communities. Of the world. 'No ' country at present is possessed of. so' much accumulated wealth as England, or so many owners of accumulated wealth. But, on the other hand, if without a compeer in the multitude of her merchant princes, cotton kings, and territorial sovereigns, she as pre eminently excell all other civilised countries in the number of her paupers and the wretchedness of her labouring population., , These are the facta which long reflection upon by the thinkers among the operative classes have led to the formation of such protec tive and vindicatory associations as Trades Unions, and strikes consti tute their weapons of defence ; but both are' the effects of tile universal 'belief now prevailing throughout the intelligent world, that the produce Of labour Has not been fairly; or equitably apportioned between the owner, of, capital. and, those that he employs. It is to be aways lamen ted, when the representatives of such overwhelmingly important interests are found , in antagonism, and he would be the worst enemy to the operative classes themselves, who would endeavour . to .encourage a disruption of the relations which naturally subsist between the wealth which employs and those who are employed j but1 there are occasions, and we regret to say' not a few, when for the protection of their legitimate iuterests the labourer is justified in using all lawful means to vindicate his right to a fair re ward for his toil. It is in reference to what has unfortunately occurred in' this city between the contractors for the Main Line of Railway and the labourers, we have felt it neces sary to Call attention to. the , pecu liarly interesting subject. We have only been partially informed as to the details of the complainants' aiid defendants' cases, and; at present we are not in a position to decide for ourselves with confidence as to the respective merits of the defend ants', eases, .but we know, quite1 sufficient of the high price of pro visions, the exceptional dearness of working men's clothing, and the unprecedentedly exhorbitant price of meat, to feel quite assured that a wage of 4s. 6d. per day for an able-bodied mail, who has to sup port a. wife and family ' in Hobart Town, is not, such a. remuneration as to enable him to provide for the domestic wants of those depending upon him, and iit the same time to maintain in full vigour his own powers of endurance as a' labourer.' It is greatly to be hoped that the differences may be fairly and ami cably arranged, so that no hind rance to tho . progress of the great work may prevent its speedy accom plishment. Repeated applications bavo been made by .the residents of the district of Kingborough to be permitted the privilege of adjudicating through a local Board of Magistrates upon the claims of persons seeking for renewal of old or tho granting of new licenses to retail spirituous liquors'; &c;/., &c;/ No attention, however,, has- been paid to the representations of the inhabitants, and the effect of this indifference b'the Executive is just what might have been looked for. That the Licensing Act must be vbry unsatisfactorily administered in dealing with applicantsfor licenses in a district,- the local circumstances of which are. as unknown to the major ity of the magistrates who undertake! to-' dispose of the claims submitted! for them to decide upon, ' follows a matter of course. ' Neither the personal characters of either, the ap plicants, .or. of those who recom mend, or of those who object to the renewal or granting of licenses can be known to the majority of. the Licensing Bench, so that very great injustice is ; often .involuntarily in flicted by /.withdrawing :. licenses in! cases where the necessity for doing so is neither imperative' or condu cive to . the convenience of the local public, '/an d by" gran ting' them/ not unfrequ'entiy, where additional ac commodation;, is not only not re quired, but absolutely in antagonism to the promo ting'of the main objects cf extending the operation of the Licensing system, There seldom passes a General Licensing, day in Hobart Town that does not furnish some remarkable illustration of the evil working of a system which, in the first place, deprives the adjudicating magis trates of the necessary knowledge ' to' enable them, to form sound judg ments upon each case as submitted; and exposes the applicant to the chance of being victimised by un- founded, and not' in a few instances from personal and malicious motives, and against the influence of which lie may " no t be prepared at the moment to protect, njmself. The GeneraliLicensing day on Monday last had' added another proof of the inexpediency, to use the mildest term," of making it compulsory upon the licensed victuallers of the King ston District to submit " their "appli cations to a Bench of Magistrates, the: piajprity of whom, are utterly ignorant of all the essentials re quired to fermaijust.and'jmpartial judgment upon tiiem. At the close of the sitting 'on-' Monday,1 "when all the magistrates had retired with , jthe oxooption of , three, : the application for: a renewal of the license to the 'Inn. at Three Hut Point was reajji and rejected almost summarily. ' The District Constable bad, ft appears, represented the house to be. out of repair, ahq. flqt sufficient accommodation for .travel lers, &c.;, &c.;,,and the three justices without any hesitation ; ' debided against the applicant, who, , during ten years had by hard struggling, managed to keep, open a house situ ated. on a.bleak coast,' and: to which travellers when- henighted have' always locked for shelter. There is no other licensed hopsfe within thirty, miles bt. rthesei now " disestablished' preniises onthe 1 oneside,' and no hearer than Peppermint Bay on the other/ The only medical man available., within an, area of thirty/or forty,: miles around is; the resident magistrate at Three Hut Point, and tills 'Inn was the shelter to- .which invalids and afflicted patients re sorted when compelled and able to seek medical advice and assistance. Why/ may we 'hsk/ was not Dr. Daldy's, tho resident magistrates, opinion asked; or that of ' Mr; ; A'tt- wood, or / any other of the . resi dents except that of Mr. Ward's before the only house of' public ac- commoda'tioh was' closed ?' To Mr. Ward,- who is of course the real com plainant in the case, the closing of this house can be a1 matter of 'no personal, inconvenience' whatever. He is, we believe,, a strict anti-liquor advocate, as well as a man . of ex treme zeal in the propagation of of his peculiar religious idosyncra-r cies anl viewF, &c.;, &c.; Besides, there are Other reasons well knowii to every magistrate and . local resi dents why certain individuals should have this neighbourhood freed from the temptations offered by the vicin ity of a public house. ' But; 'although Mr. Ward's motives commend thetnselves. for their virtuous nature, they are not such as ought- to be permitted to operate to the. serious inconvenience of a/ very, large, sec tion of the travelling community of the Huon District ;' and wo . trust, therefore; , that this case 1 may be subj ectod to further consideration before it is. decided , to. deprive, so many of tlie settlers of that con venience, : for travellers, which './the Inn at Three Hut ' Poidt hae for so many years supplied Had the casei been before. a local . Beach of Magistrates, Mr. Ward's objections on ;tbe grounds be . set; forth would have been met without inflicting such/heavy penalties upon the ap plicant'' and" the /general ' body rof residents which must follow the de cision of. the Hobart Town Bench should it be not reversed; / i '/'// Quite a stir was created in Elizabeth- street at 2 o'cloek this afternoon by the procession of the Orphan School children on their way to the Town Hall, to witness the diorama. The procession was headed by the School band, directed by Mr Campion, which played the air "Try, try again." The big drum is evidently too large for the juvenile who plays it, for he has an assistant yoked in front, while he is yoked behind; but nevertheless he thumps away right heartily. 1 Tlie The boys marched first, then came the infants of 'both' sexes,- while the rear guard censisted, of the elder girls. The children were under the supervision of Mr W. F. Mulhall, the Assistant Master/ Burbury's new coach, the , "Tas- mania'n " . started op its maiden trip from the Albiohi Hotel yesterday morning, vat 530 for Launceston. The coach Is smell, but beautifully finished, apd . combines strength with lightness— it reilectscrodit '!<: kj-./J-J 1 ? .I.i: fi ' I upon the builder, Mr EVA. Nichols. The Tusmaiiian " is licensed to carry six ' insido and eight outside passengers. We wish Messrs Burbury every success iu their endeavour to uccemmodute our' visitors from the other colonies during the summer months. Hitherto the coacil accommodation 1ms not been equal to- the demand, and in one instance last year a party of visitors had to wait a week in Launceston before they could get a passage to. this city. „ „ „ / Placards were posted about ..the toyvn to-day, announcing tliat'apublib meeting would" be held 'at the HopB/and"Anphpr""' at half-past seven this evening/ "to form1 a- resolution to the Mpwing.effect s. That no laboqreV'wbtk bn.,thiL.rjiiFwd)» ibp fleas thafi S.:, shillings pQr day pf nine hbtfrf f nd/ on Saturday 8i ; . if | On. . Saturday Mr Eaitoe, (x-SAfdinB/T. near Caif rick, lefl?|m'iiie/inroiffist( bring baok A present forliis son aged about ? ..yedrii. / ""Qneiqjjj/hiji/ .- father 'returning the child raiiagadjr. the way., His brother liffedhim and carried hitn to his father who /tpokcthe boy in his arms and had' scarcely do no so when the child breathed his last. The cause of this suddendeath is so inexplic able that we understand an inquest/is to be held to-day.— P/iranic#/ 't&U; , A young, and blooming, lady, residing not a thousand miles from the.'Balia'rqb. Post-office, has; fallen in luck'sway. Shb was at the Melbourne races on tno Cup day, whenherpersonal.. appearance:, at-' traded the notice of a very wealth and highly respectable' resident of Melbourne- The lattey sought and obtained an in- trodudion to'Ihelf,''and' vu so ' pleased with the interview thaf a taarriage may be looked ' upon ad almost au' 1 fail ix'ci compli. The gentleiran'aliicome' is said to -exceed £L0,0Q.0. per annum, -.and ..he lhas already' shown. uie:. strength of His entauglement by making the object of hie affections a/present , which is siiid to be equivalent in value to seyeralhuiiidred pounds, sterling.' Certain , local circles are in quite a pleasurable state of excite ment over this interesting incident.—' Ballarat Courier, tMr Jefferson, the comedian, was, in Baltimore, Md., on' August 16th, and the oculist who performed the operation ' upon his eyes, pronounced his eyesight perfectly , restored, and -..that ; mot; j the slightest sign, of the diseasp. remained. Mr. T. Y. McOhristie, much to the regret of tho memhers of the Tesmanion Grand Lodge, LO.O.F., has' resigned the Secretaryship of thpfc, Lodge, an office the dnties . of., which .Ke'had dis charged for seven' years' with' great 'ad vantage to the interests' of the Order. A vote of thanks wris', unanimously accorded hint amid many expressions of ..regret for the loss of Ills valuable service's. ' 'Mr. McOhristie acknowledged the compli ment in suitable terms, and observed that pressure of business alone could' 'liayo caused him to relinquish/a post the duties , of which he : always felt a 1 pleasure in performing. Mr Alfred Levy ; was elected to tlie ' office' vacated!' by Mr McOhristie. :i-' The following isv the ' traffic 'of the Launceston and .Western. Railway for the week ending 29th Noveniher : — Passengers, 992, £113 12s i fid jrgoods, mails, &c.;, 3fi5 tons,. £126 25's 2d ; total, £239 7s 9 J. The nett increase over the " corresponding week of? last lyeaH is £23 17s lld' The increase of goods is 78; and the deorease of. passengers.. 27 i ' An entertainment was given at the Working/Men's Club lost evening, when the ball ,iyas ; crowded. Mr Jacobs .ap peared , in his : uleightrof-hand tricks, which were very cleverjy done! The most worthy; of, mention, was the /money end egg trick, in which "h/e, :kep/t ( the audience in roars of. laqgbter. by taking the hats of some :,ef rihe' audience' 'and shaking,' money :otit: 'of; them; ' and at laBt he got 'a' boy- oh the's'tage, and malle money come out of hie nose ears, mouth, and hat. Several other tricke were also done, which were much, appreciated the audience. In the sepond part/Mr Jacobs also gave- a concertina solo, and, three character songs, for which he was encored. '"My Darling Mignonette," was also ably rendered by an amateur, who is well known among our " Knights of the Burnt Cork," and for which he received a rapturous encore. The laughable farce of, the, " Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which Mr G Vorner kept the audieneein roars of laughter, brought the entertainment to a olose. ' . George Joseph' was brought ap at the Bellerive Police Court; oa the 'charge of having stoleii' a sheep, the prdp'erty 'of Henry Lamb, in November last. ; The Court was adjourned till to-day for 'the production of a material witness, and the prisoner -was admitted to bail. ' jit the time of our going to. press wo had not received ihe/lverdibt. The prisoner is well-known in the" district. ,,, A meeting ofplassfere was Keld at the Foresters' Hall, Harriugtom- street, ' last evening,' to cbnsider the eight ljours' svstem. The-ehair was occupied bjr Mr By field, who /made' a short/" address, stating the oWeots of.the meeting/ after whioli Mr J. Grimmond made a lengthy address/, arid xnoved .the, following, r«o- I.tiul 7'i.iji ilv,1/; — .ILK . 1 iav;oj|y'oi-.! Jixo !?i>:-r It ' " lutiou ; — "That 011 and alter tho 1st Jrin'uritj'',r-I873, th'e plasterers 'of. Tlobiirt ToWi/.'ailter tlieir', hours' qf labour, to eight hours per duy, -which shall be considered as a full'day, and. paid for .according to the.qurriplt'rat'c of wages fur the hours per- i!(lay - at that date." -This was ' seconded-11 by Mr' Putoti, and carried. Sbyeral otlier resolutions were put to the , meeting, which were unanimously carried, )' . > after, which a committee was appointed, consisting qf .Messrs Byfield, J. Grim- rriorid/jim., rind Jas. Paton, to see that the. resolutions are. carried out; After some- other-' unimportant business had keen gone through, the -meeting' then qlqsed;:':-. . ' As will be seen , by - Mr Coppin's . ) second-progress report of the Intereolo- d riial Musical Festival, the following por- . . .). formers will take part, in the opening \- . whioli is ,to take place on the 26th inst. Organists : Signor Giorza, Messrs. John Hillj-DavidLee, Charles Packer (S.yd- rieyJj' F.Packef (Tasmania), and Plaisier : YVpcalista:-! Madame- Carandiui, Miss Rosinia Caratidjui. Miss Fanny Caran- diniji Miss Lizzi Carandini, Miss Chris tian, Mrs Cutter, Mrs Howitz, Mrs Perratrin) Miss, Beaumont, Miss Sherwin, Misa''Aiiiy " Sherwin, Mrs.Smytbe, Signor Cecchii Mri Gordon, Mr Fairfax, (Sydtiey); ; Mr iW, , J. Reynolds (Tas- ' iriania)',,; Mri;,' Walter, Sherwin, Signor Sasinij Mr -Furlong, Mr Perratrin, Herr Liride, : lSigilqir 'Biscacclanti, , efficient qrchtsk aridlchrirus of 500 voices. A:'corioert is to, be, given at the New Norfolk,; Pnblio Library, to-morrow evening,- by lady and gentlemen ama- . tedte) in )md.6f. the Cricket Club.' ' Mr Henry White's tender was accepted for extending, the baths of the Hobart Town Bathing Association, in the Domain j' on Monday: last, which is to be completod' within four months. The fl|j!iilj1.'.tbprie.'lwho tendered, with tlie amounts : — Mr Rigby, £543 ; Mr B. Wiggins, ,£510;' 'Mr H. White, £378..;',::.' ' ' Joli'n'Askey, a resident of Bridge- water, -Hand who !was - employed by Mr Doran, about six miles past Bridgewater, wris friiind' drowned by a man nameu Baayard, who happened to be passing . along the roail.. . He left .his home on Mpn.day last with the retention of going to work, and put off-from the shore in n flat-bbtforiied briat) after "which, when having.gone about a inilp up thp river, he ' was seen to put up tho Bail, and then lie Seemed- to disappear. It was thought that lie .went on shore, but it is believed the ' boat ' upset anil he was. drowned. The deceased leaves a young wifuiand 2 iitlle children; besides al-large circle of frierids to- lament their lossi1 An inquest was held yesterday at.the' Police Station,- Eridgriwoter, ivlieri ho'jury relurned' a yeriict.of-i'-aoeidentally drowned/' . Messrs Peters, .Barnard, and Co., are . agents for the great ocean steamship Parana, -1027- tons, ,nqw ( due at Mel- liburne from Horig Kong iv'itli the first ' of .the. new seappufy teas. . , The Parana wili leave 'Melbourne '.on lier .return tri Hong Hong, oiri Sydriey, tea days alter ,lier arrival at Melbourne. This fine steamer has'splendid accomodation for , . passengers, large capacity for cargo, and is expected to make the passage between the ports in, 24 days. We trust this pioneer , ship vvilMorm one of an' impor- tantTine of steamers tri carry on a trade between Australia and China. But re cently -''flour- was-very ; scarce at'Hong ' Korig/'and large: orders wo'uldTiave been . forwarded 1 for- supplies to 'Adelaide arid Melbourne- if 'there had been, any direct means bf-communication. If the Parana sliould be properly patronised- with' the view:! of ' opening- up 'rifew markets ' for Australian- produce ' in China, a line of steamers of the class of the Parana will ibe'llaid'on.r— Chronicle. ' W,e are .gratified to learn -that Mort and' Nicole's 'meat- freezing . process is about to be crowned with success. Mort: and Nicole have for years ; been jexperir menting, when they found that the am- moniacal process then ; - experimented with' was likely to prove very dangerous at seo; ..Now. wo are. confidently assured , that; tb'ey., have overcome the' danger,' . cheapened .the process, and have already ' prpcurud.large supplies of cuttle to oper- ate.uppn. ',The works are to; be at Bowen- falls, ifieap- the Great >Vestern - -Raiwayl qfNqfy-'South Wales,. It/is, expected thptearly .in 1873 the- first cargo, of fryzenymeit will .be despatched fronj . . Sydney , for England. ; - Ammonia is still th? chemical used by the firm in order to )pijg4uce. the- cold,- —Pastoral Times. - \- ,,1,6 Ibllowing theatrical gossips, sup- plied . 'by) - " Anglo- Australian " in tlie European Mail; — tl Mr. Barry Sullivan is. now in Dublin, wlierp-he is still play- .ing./.to'i.qrowded hopses. Miss Nelly Eoiyer. 5b playing at the Vaudeville -in '.the.If ,Yery laiat -Days of Pompeii.' ' Miss Power was lately bathing at Soutli- \- head, when she observed a lady in dis- . .tresa,,, She immediately dived after her,' and. brought. hor in amidst. the applause \- Jqfthe spectators. , Mr. and Mrs. Baud- ,jpah|hayo gone ,t.o pay, thoirr. first visit to jBelfhst, whoro .'Dead and, A-liye-V.. has been successfully , produced. . Mr. ;Hig- flttuwi)l.sbortiy open the Opera Comiquc !bpera'bouffe.3 .. ... .c.i'f .n-u.'. 1 '' I ' ' it-'O'I' - 1 : j.vf : I-'- - , . ;/ 1 