BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. Fifth Day.— Monday. March 4. At 5. 30 p.m. there was a well-attended tea succeeded by a public meeting; Mr. W. Taylor, the representative of Auburn.Circuit, presided. Thfl kav. J. Ashfcnn. the Chairman of the District, read the report m a humorous and forcible manner. The Rev. J. foster then said the subject assigned him was 'fThe Holy Ghost.' How should he treat a theme so vast. He dwelt on the personality, being, and func tions of the Spirit, combating what he re garded as tile anti-Christian notion that He was only an attribute or title of Deity, and traced the work ef the Spirit in the varions aspects of human redemption. The Rev. O. Lake spoke on ' The Hoty Catholic Church.' He trusted that portions of the grand old creed were not held simply as theologic formulas, but as living realities. Holiness was the true doc trine of a standing or falling Church. In this point Methodism was an improvement upon Lutheranism. Luther was content with justification as his standard, but Wesley improved' on that watchword. His programme was to ' spread scriptural holiness through the land.' The consequence was that while Lutheranism had lost much of its vitality, Methodism flourished. He feared that one reason why so little visible success now crowned the efforts of Christ's Church was that men were not encouraged as formerly to bear testimony that 'the blood of Jesus Christ, God's son, cleansefch 'from all sin.' This holiness consti tuted the Church, the pillar and ground of the truth. It were to be doubted if even God's truth could stand in such a world as ours without holiness.5 The early triumphs of the Church were due to this— that the primitive Christians were holy; hence they were forceful and attractive. They were never neutral. Sometimes their works were revolutionary; sometimes pacificatory, but alway influential. Their holiness was their foree, and they were powerful in proportion as they were holy. There were other powers ; numbers, for in stance ; but sometimes these were a source of weakness instead of strength. Let them re member what the Lord had said to Gideon, ''These men are 'too many' for me,' and not trust in numbers. There were also wealth and social influence. Voltaire said once to Frederick of Prussia, ' I am glad the princes and philo sophers of the time are believing my teachings; I don't care who gets the tentmaker and fisher men.' But Voltaire forgot history and misread human nature when he said that God's word declared 'not many mighty, not many noble are called.' The speaker did not believe in the wealthy Church, or the learned, the socially high, nor the numerically strong, but in the Holy Church. It was catholic or universal as comprehending all men. 2. As comprehending1 all time. 3. As comprehending all truth. After enlarging on these points he concluded by saying, ' It all depends how we believe these facts. ^ If we hold them, not as the mummy holds in its withered hand the seed corn which mShthaveble$sedthe ages, butas living realities, we shall have union, earnest prayer, abundant confidence in the Church's high destiny. We believe m the glorious future. There are no poets and prophets of despair. There is light on the face of all that look towards the future, and this is especially the case with, the seers of the Holy Catholic Church.' Rev. J. Trewin in a few sentences referred to 'Communion of baints, but expressed regret that he had not more tune to deal with the topic fully. Certain things were essentially necessary to secure com. rnunion. 1. Love in the heart 2. Confidence in one another.* 3. Confidence in Christ the centre of hope and joy. .We had need of these things. Even the apostles felt the deep craving for human sympathy; even Christ longed and prayed for it mightily. Jesus promised to hallow it, and there were many bright Scripture examples of its blessed effects. Thi3 communion was to be promoted by various means, and when realized it presented the most perfect foreshadowing of Heaven that could be seen on earth. The Rev. T. Allen said it seemed that his subject— the 'Life Everlasting'— was too deep, sacred, important to be entered upon at that late hour. One must live through a whole eternity to be able to talk fully arid' profitably about everlasting life. There was an instinctive craviugin every human breast for the everlasting, This- was more than endless existence. Fallen angels and lost souls had that. It was independent ef externals entirely, began and continued In rightaess of heart He could not enter upon all the aspects of the subject, as it was so vast. The choir sang very ereditably^ and the pro ceedings closed with the benediction. 