Amongst the various weapons wielded by the theologians of the day, the theo logical ' squib'- promises to become a favorite medium of sho wing-up and irritating the enemy. 'We published this week', under the title ' Onlv a Ghost,' one of those productions, now creating a considerable sensation in certain ' religious circles ' in England, and which, even in this remote sphere of 'missionary labor,' has been, found worthy of approving notice from the pulpit of a local church. It is thought to hit oil* happily, tho 'errors' of certain sections of the community, and to bring into a favorable light the efforts o certain reverend gentlemen to induce the stiff-necked members of their con gregations to conform to a revival of what those reformers have recently dis covered to he the usages of the primitive Christians. We readily admit that the production in question is a very smart piece of writing, and if anybody insists that we should call it ' clever,' rather than ' smart,' why — be it so. It is very satirical, and tbe satire is keen, polished, and likely to tell with people who can appreciate the finer weapons of ?tbe sort ; while it is proportionately difficult to reply to, at least in the same vein. But, however dangerous or effec tive such efforts may prove in the war fare between those who are contending about forms aud ceremonies, and whose souls are moved profoundly concerning some matter of church millinery, it is not likely to attract a great deal of admiration, or to make a very deep im pression either way, beyond the ranks of the combatants. While ridiculing in others the pettiness of such warfare the writer is, evidently, himself disposed' to attach a great deal of importance to it, and has on hand a large stock of pet fancies which he is anxious to popularise. But notwithstanding the fuss that - these disputants are creating in Eng land, and the attention they receive from the Press, we cannot help thinking that, after all, it is only a very small section of the community that take, any real interest in their squabbles. ' We only wish that those whose Christianity is . of more sterling material, and is not embarrassed by such controversies, were as active and enthusiastic as the gentle men who, in the squib, ' Only a Ghost,' are represented by the Eev. Edward Starch, and the Eev. Octagon Fidgets; and their respective followers. This brings us to considerations nearer home, and reminds us that though any excite ment we.have had in this colony con cerning High Church or Low Church ceremonies and services has happily been of a very mild nature, and has more ajnused than disturbed the community, there must be a great waste of what we would — not irreverently designate 'parson-power' going on somewhere in this country. A stranger, like the Deacon Irenrus, dropping down amongst us next Sunday evening, somewhere in tbe- neighborhood of the old Windmill, aud hearing the tin tinnabulation going on all round, followed bythe. general chorus of the worshippers, rivalling each other, apparently, in the earnestness of their petitions, and the exuberance of their praisegiving, might .easily conclude that he was amongst a people whose pastors were filled with all the zeal of the Apostles. But a little more experience of the state of society in the colony would, we fear, cause him to doubt the correctness of his first impressions. If he did not find a keen rivalry about the eut or colour of a robe, the burning of caudles or gas, or the position or tone's of the celebrant of the services, occupy ing the churches, we fear he would find amongst them very little zeal concerning the salvation of those who belong to - no church. He would find, Sabbath after Sabbath, the same set of worshippers going through the samo routine, with maybe, now or again, some dissatisfied member of tjje church ' over the way,' whose presence is regarded as a triumph when perhaps it really should be matter for regret. At the social gather ings of the churches he would find the same set of people travelling round year after year, and if, rendering himself, invisible, he could hear the gossip that seasoned the feast, its' puerility, and occasionally, its sly malice, would amaze more than its charity or Christian love would edify him. But perhaps what' would most disappoint him would be the. generally -inflated character of the reports ; the effort to make much out of little, and the self admiring complacency with which the smallest amount of work, of a missionary character, was regarded— if, perchance, anything at all of that nature could be fouud to remark upon. In fact, lie should be very obtuse if he did not soon perceive that, as a rule, the shepherds' were , more engaged in making them selves comfortable than in gathering in stray sheep, and' that the flock, very naturally, did not trouble itself greatly about such work! Outside of the very limited and somewhat select range of parson-power, he would find a very large number of people writing them selves down in the census as of one church or another, hut not frequenting any. He would find a large number of children growing up with very little education, no religion, aud in habits that lead, except by special favor, to the reformatory— or would, if we had such an institution, hut failing that — lead to the gaol. He would find amongst even the church-going children little reverence for anything, and the utmost impatience of, or open contempt for, parental control. He 'would find hush missionai'y effort talked of a good deal, and in some instances would dis cover, worthy men separating themselves from the cant, and putting away the slothfulness, of the churches, and doing real missionary work for the love of their Master. But, as a rule, we fear he would find that the sort of missionary labour with which the distant gold-fields and the pioneer settlers are most familiar is, the gathering in of the church's dues. Our criminal and benevolent institu tions, too, would discover to the ghostly inquisitor many things which he would find it very difficult to reconcile with his first impression of the apostolic fervor of the Churches, and we believe that the more he enquired, aud the longer he stayed amongst us, the more likely he would he to arrive at our opinion that, there is either a very spar ing use, or a very great waste, of parson power going on in this community some where.- 