TEE NEWS OF THE DAT. A lengthy cabinet meeting waB held yes terday at wbioh the position of ministerial affairs was fully discussed. The usual dinner givon by his Excollency the Governor to tbo members of both Houses of Parliament took place last evening at Toorak. It is needless to say that every thing paesod oil in a very enjoyable manner, there being a largo attendance from both sides of the House. Tho board appointed to inquire into the charges ngainst Mr. Prcshaw, of the Rail way department, will commence their sit tings to-day. It will be remembored that on a former occasion a board, consisting of Messrs. Agg, Tomploton, and Harriman, made somo investigations against another clerk in tho Railway department, and the evidence brought before them showed that Mr. Proshaw was entangled in tho affair. In order to arrive at tho wbolo of the cir cumstances of the case, the Government appointed tho same gentlemen to inquire into the allegations mado against the gen tleman namod. Mr. Preahaw objected to tho constitution of tho hoard, on the ground that thoy had formed a foregone conclusion. Mr. Harriman also considered that it would not bo advisable for the same board to inquire into tho matter, and tho Govern ment consequently appointed another board, consisting of Messrs. Call, P.M., A T. Clark, M.L.A., T. Bent, M.L.A., W; Turner, Deputy Postmaster-General, and Brough Smyth, who will oommenco their investigations to-day. Thero is still a doubt whether the Govern ment will bo ablo to send an order to England by the Californian mail for one of Fairlie's double bogie engines for use on tho Vlotorian railways. The conditions submitted to Mr. Climie (who is supposed to bo Mr. Fairlie's agent in the Australian colonies) have not been approved of by that gentleman, who is desirous of introducing several conditions into the oontract which tho hon. the Com missioner of Railways is not disposed to assent to. A very fair offer has been made, and if Mr. Climie, as agent for Mr. Fairlio, does not agree to them, thero is every pro bability of the contract falling to the ground. The City Council may bo likened to tho now fashionable Octopus — Viotor Hugo's famous devil-fish — for the omnivorous avidity with which it seizes everything that comes within the grasp of its numberless feelers, and the adhesiveness with, which it sticks to what ever it has oontrived to clntch. It ad monishes its officers to aot fully up to Iago's advice, "Put monoy in thy parse — honostly if thou can'st— but put money." So, at least, they say in Fitzroy, somo of whose in come in the shape of fees for the registration of "dogs belonging to persons living in that suburb has been unduly appropriated by tbo metropolitan- official. Though properly notified of their liability to Fiizruy, thoy foolishly tendered tho monoy to the city officer, and of course ho was not tho man to rofuss it — not he. It was coolly deposited in tho city strong-box, and it will rtquiro powerful machLory to get it out again. Meantime tho unluoky dog owners havo had to pay over again, with tho additional cost of the summonses. Teach them to stick to thoir own parish another time, no doubt. : It is not often that a defunct person is mado tho defendant in a police court caso ; such, however, was tho course of things at tho District Court yesterday. On tho open ing of the court, Mr. Frank Stophou inti mated to Mr. Call that a summons had been issued against Henry D.movan Brown, of the Exchange Hotol, for allowing tho Yan Yean to run to waste, Mr. Myles Garrett Bytno intimating that lie appeared for the defen dant. Mr. Stephen then drow attention . to tho fact that a little difficulty stood in tho way of Mr. Brown having been served, nanioly, that ho had been dead ovor oiglit years. The case was struck out, Mr. Byrao remarking that, undor the peculiar circum stances, ho did not think he could ask for costs for his client. Several gentleman interested in aquatics mot yesterday for tho purpose of considering tho desirability of establishing an annum four-oared intercolonial match. By general consent it was deoidod that the mooting (which was only a preliminary one) should ba private, and consequently wo are unable to give tho decision arrrived at by tho mooting. Tho beautiful little island in "Wostern Port Bay, Churchill Island, has, wo are informed, bocomo tho proporty of Mr. Samuel Amess, tho lato Mayor of Melbourne, having been sold to him for £1450, by tho agents of tho owner, Messrs. Stubbs and Co., Collins- street west. Tho Wyndham broad-poisoning caso, it seems, is not yot doue with. It was alleged that tho flour of which the bread was mado had been conveyed to Wyndham in a truck having araonio in it as well. In this way tho poison - became mixed with the, flour. Some correspondence has taken place botwoen tho Railway department and tho rcsidonts of Wyndham on tho matter, and tho reply from the Commissioner is to be taken into consideration at a public meeting at Wynd ham on Monday noxt. Tho experiments recently made at Bal- larat in tho manufaotnro of earthenwaro and other classes of pottery woro so successful that it hoB b.een determined to form a com pany for the establishment of a pottery. Tho Courier stales that as tho material cannot bo obtained in tho neighborhood of Ballarat, this will ncceBsitato tho crootionof tho works noar Melbourne, whoro the olay was origin ally got. Tho land has been scoured and other arrangements mado, and it Is intended shortly to float tho oompany in Ballarat. Tho usual monthly meeting of tho Victo rian Licensed Victuallers' Association was held yoBtorday, atthe Victoria Hotol, Bourko- street wcBt. Thoro was a full attcndanco of the Jcommittoo. Auditors wero appointed, and the annual report drawn up by the seoro- tary was referred to a aub-eommittco. It was decided to wait upon the unpaid membors for their back subscriptions in order to meet the outstanding liabilities. It was also decided that a circular should bo issued to all tbo browors and wino and spirit mor- obantB, inviting their attcndanco nt tho annual mooting, as buainoss of an important naturo would bo laid boforo tbom which re quired their serious consideration. The mooting thon adjourned till Tuesday next at half-past three to report progress and finish the roport. Local bodios have powor to alter tho no menclature of thoir strcots. At tho Rich mond Borough Council, last evening, a letter was road from tho department of Roads and Bridges, in answer to tho quoation, whother borough, oouncils wore ablo to ohangc streets' names, stating that this power was plainly given to local bodios by tho not. In Rich mond mistakes aro of frequent oceurrenoo in consequence of thoro being two stroets, in sovoral instances, of tho same namo ; and too great a similarity of namo in other cases. Steps will now be taken to remove these in conveniences. Havo the commissioners of Savings Banks dicovored any farther evasions of the aot similar to those recently discovered at Ballarat? It would seem from the fol lowing advortisomcnt, which appears in our oolumne, that too much money at any rato is finding its way to our Victorian Savings Bank. The commissioners announce that "from and after tho 30tb of Juno next, so long as tho sum of monoy standing to tho credit of any depositor shall (inoluding prin cipal and interest) oxcoed tho sum of £150, no interest shall bo allowed, paid, or bo pay able on suoh excess." Tho body of a man about thirly-fivo yoars of ago, five foet eight or nine inches in hoight, was found floating in tho Yarra, near the railway bridge, yoBtorday morning. It is supposed to be tbo oorpse of tho person who was reported to havo jumped into tho river from tho Churoh- strcot bridgo on the night of tho 22nd April. Tho body was drossod in a suit of grey tweed, striped twilled shirt, and Crimean under-shirt spotted with white, olastio-slde boots, and Bcarlct socks. Nothing was found upon it to lead to identification, and tho body was removed to tho Sir Henry Barkly Hotel to await tho iuquest. A petition was presented at tho Richmond council last night from a number of butchers in the borough, pointing out how their trade suffered from the hawking of meat, and further that suoh hawking had been de clared illegal by tho Supromo Court. G'r. Farmer, who presented tlio petition, deemod it bis duty, as a man of law, to show that the decision only applied to market towns, and Richmond was not one. In his opinion tho hawking of meat about tho borough could not bo Btopped. A movement is on foot at Sandhurst for tbo establishment of a local bank, under tho titlo of tho Bcndigo Banking Corporation. The Advertiser has been informed that tho whole of tho sharos will bo immediately dis posed of. Mr. H. H. Davis, an actor, who was not unknown in Molbourno, has met with his death by drowning in' tho Richmond Rivor. The Clarence Examiner states that the de ceased, who arrived at Ballina in company with a Mr. and Mrs. Pearce, loft that town ship in a boat to go on board the Susannah Cuthbert steamer; being accompanied by Mr. Pearca and Mr. Ford, and tho steward of tho steamer, when, from somecauso or othor, the boat in which thoy wero seated oapaized, precipitating tho wholo fonr into tho water. Messrs. Pearoe and Ford suooeeded by swimming in reaching theshore ; the steward was picked off tho . bottom of the boat, but nothing was seen of Mr. Davis, who wont down at once, and was neveraf tor seen on tho surface. The deceased was a married man, and is said to have loft a wife and ono child. DariBg his brief engagement in Molbourno, while Mr. Roberta was managing tho Hay- market, Mr. Davis was regarded as a pro mising low comedian. As Wollowski, tho deteotive, in Mr. Marcus Clarke's drama tised version of Foul Play, he made a groat hit. . His Dogberry, in Much Ado About Nothing, was also admirable, ovinoing his possession of legitimato comio ability. In reply to. deputations yesterday, Mr. Longmoro promised to consider the propriety of recommending the Government to ereot a bridge over the railway at North Melbourne, if, after inspeotion of the locality, he thought it necessary. He also said that he would cause tho matter of the construction of a bridge over the "Wallaby Creek, at Guildford, to be reported on. Hu also made promises with regard the erection of a bridge at Eltham, and a road from Alexandra to Yea. The eaters of pork had bettor bo carcfnl that they do not indulge in importations of that artiolo from Tasmania. Tho Cornwall Chronicle of tho 29th ult. says that " A case of what is supposed to be trichuriasis has recently ocourred at Low Head. A pig, the property of Mr. G. Begent, one of the pilots ' there, was killed and iutendod for use, but the person who killed it, soon after ho insorted tho knife, said that some thing unusual must bo tho matter with the pig as it / would soarcely bleed at all. The pig was remarkably fat and. appeared healthy at the timo the owner decided on killing it. The caroaso was hung up, dressed, and prepared in tho usnal manner, aud it was not until the timo for cutting it up into joints the discovery was made that, under the skin and iu tho flesh, particularly in tho fore- quarters, small whlto worms' were "swarming in mvriLi. Begent, disgusted with tho. sight, promptly— -too. .promptly, we teg,ot for he placed tho carcaso in the W-2-y boat rowed out seawards, and tbew th! wholo bog overboard as a tit-bit f3.i sharks. No doubt this was an cxcell»„t to put' tho diseased carcaee to, bntmL0?1 that it would have been woll to havo held sort of coroner's inquest or official it„nL in order to ascertain for certain whethir t?' disease from which the pig had been snfrJi was tho dreaded triohiniiSis or nX" 2 The Baptist ohurch and congregation meeting at the Temperance Half, Rn« u etroot, under tho pastoral cbaree nf vr James Taylor, held their third TonirL,!: services, in tho large hall of that buildir? last evening. These services began with tea meeting, at which between three srJ four hundred persons eat down, and thism followod up with a general public meeti nt which thoro was, a largo number rf friends present from other churches. At tho publio meeting, the annual roport'vsM read by Mr. Preeble, the secretary whldi was full of expressions of tkankfnW in reicronco to tho past, and of confidence „ to the future; The meeting was theirad drenEcd by several gentlemen, and was other! wiso enlivened by Borne good singing s"jn! tervals. Tho principal speakers wero Menm Taylor, Bedford, Allen, and Scott, and colleotibn of between £11 and £12 was mife in the course of the meeting. This wu a, olusivo of a cheque for £10 10s, sent under cover for gonoral purposes, and a sum of" £8 odd contributed previously towards the ex. pouscs of the meeting. The body ot tho large hall' was well filled at tho public rnvj, ing, and there were from ono hundred isj fifty to two hundred pcreonB in tho galleries The Border Post gives as an example oi what may happen In these days of border duties, that a person cannot purchase a piece of second-hand furniture in Albury aud tide it into Viotoria without paying some 20 to 30 per cent, on the value. Tho Rev. Dr. Cameron looturod on Hash Miller at Chalmers' Church lash night, before a largo audienco ; llie Rev. Dr. Cairns in the chair. The lecturer gave groat promt nonoo to Miller's spiritual lifo, which, he said, had not been noticed iu literary re. views of Mb biography written by Mr. Bain. At the oloBe of his remarks he stated' that ho would lecture further on other branches of the same snbjeot, such as Miller's aohievemonts in literature and science, In about a fortnight, and that due notico of the exact date would be shortly published. On the motion of the Rev. J. S. 11'Eaohran i vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer. Tho usual weekly meeting of the com. urittee of tho Benevolent Asylum was held at tho institution yesterday, thero hsing present : — Mossrs. Wisowould (chairman), Hinds, Petherick, Haddow, Bryant, Zoi, Egan, Wilton; -Hay, Hunt, M'llwraith. Tie resident medical officer reported as follows: — Patients in hospital, 103 males, 115 fomales ; total, 219. Patients undor treat- mont, not in hospital, 70 males, 9 females; total, 79. Total number of patients onder treatment, 173 males, 125 fomalos; total, 29S. Tho resilient medical officer also re- portod tho following deaths -.—On tho 23th ult., Nicholas Condley, a native of Dublin, aged 55, of oonBtrictiou of tho larynx, after a residence in tho house of three years; on tho samo day, John Yatos, a native of Man chester, aged 73, of apoplexy, alter being in tho asylum nino years ; on the 23th alt, Ann Styants, a native of Essex, aged 12 years, of old age, after a residence in the asylum of b!x months; on tho 2nd May, Goorgo Hooper, a native of Cornwall, aged G7, of ascites, after being in tho institution 5 months. The superintendent reported the Btato of tho house to bo as follows Men, 425 ; women, 195 ; total, 620 ; and also that thoro wero vacancies for sevon inmates. Tho Bcndigo Evening News undorstands that a petition, which has been numerously signed, will bo presented to tho Executive to-day, prayiog for a commutation oi its sentence of death wbioh was passed "on Samuel Cliff at the last sitting of the Sand hurst Circuit Court. To what actor in Melbourno oan the fol- . lowing, from the Melbourne correspondent of tho Ballarat Courier, apply?— "It Is rumored in theatrical circles that a well- known and popular actor, whose namo has been beforo tho public oi tlio Australian oolonios for many a long year past, is en- gagod upon tho preparation of a volume of personal reminiscences of his experience in eonncotion with tho stage, which, compris ing, as it most likely will, a largo store ef raoy anecdotes of his fellow professionail— as woll as of his own — adventures, can scarcely fail to prove most attractivo reading to tho public. I understand that the book in question . is likely to appear within the noxt four weeks." A correspondent writes to tho Gethvg Advertiser': — " The Inverleigh people are evidently determined that the Ballarat folks shall not havo all tho sensational stones about wild men to themselves. It ia reported that a ghoat, apparently that of a man, but with tlio slight difference that thoInverleiEb ghost bus no head, has been seen wandering about that township for the last fow even ings. It has beon chased by several ot the fleetest of tho residents, the exertions of the police havo also been secured, but up to lb present without success. The last that vru seen of it, 'so sayeth rumor,' was on »he bridgo making towards Goelong, but its dis appearance was so sadden that tho only w-y to aooouut for it was that the ghost had taken a header into the sludge ior which tho It--- Leigh is so justly celebrated. Ono sarcas— individual remarked that 'Perhaps itwa.tla ghost of the Green Line.' So certain ».o portion of tho Inverleigh people of the appv-"- anoo of this apparition, that one of ..s most courageous rosidonts, when visiting th. Leigh Road last night, brought a du.b.. barrelled gun with him, as it would bo after dark when ho returned. I have not yet hoard whether he succeeded in bagging the spectre." Tlio following suggestive telegram appears in tho San Francieeo Bulletin "hew lore, 5th March.— Three justices of Castloton, Staten Island, wero fined 150 dollars each yesterday for orimes in office. Ono otner justice was fined 100 dollars, and the conn y clorlc was fined 40 dollare for being aruuk at a town election. Some cf tbo above are o bo tried for perjury;" — Tho profits of the Warrnamhool Steam Navigation Company for tho half year en ing 31st March, 1S72, have been £861 9i Si A sum of £15,312 0s. Cd. has been paid on nocount of a new steamer ordered irom Loudon. Tho wild man of tbo woods at Ballarat may yet turn out a very harmless felo . Tho Bitninyong Telegraph writes :— J . wild man reported to havo been seen Buninyong, near the old Grammar i acta i> on Monday last, and supposed to bo id tical with tho wild man who is sum m b tho ranges near tho Rifle Butts at Bala i and for whom the police havo been searching for Bomo timo past, is now said to o other than the half-witted man who t> lived in a hollow treo not ior from-Mo Grammar School for years past, and . ported by the Ballarat Benevolent Asyimn. We aro informed that a telegram has been received by the chief harbor master, effect that a boat belonging ; to -the mu« » brig Magnet was picked up .by the sell Mary Gumming, which arrived at Ad yesterday. . Lancefield is on the ti p toe jcn Tho Chronicle states that "ltis the mten of Mr. and. Mrs. Anthony Trollopo to p) our district a visit. They intend excursion party to tho Hanging , afterwards becoming the guea.s o " gontlcman in this neighborhood. should bo tho case,, we may expect » mention of our district in some fn emanating from the pen of B1 writer." w A man named Samuel Lowe, a , by tho Heathcote police, has becn 'd"fbr- Edward M'Tigho as tho man i who on a day last stopped him wMie he w Jj from Knowsloy, presented a oubii o gun, .and robbed him of twenty-hvo w "ml David Gaunson is not going to qg Mr. Copo at Normanby. He has i so much to the Hamilton Spec la . w. Mr. Gaunsou oontest . an ele.' ? v;B eIDi'-t tagonism will be directed ojiponent, Mr. Macpbereon, a A correspondent of the at tor writes that 'a catOBtroph Ro war pur station a few nights aS c!. a married w oman and j, bedo- " caped being burnt to death in about 1 appears that the woman retired to oeu \- »v<> nsnsl hour; and some timo daring the " nteht she was aroused from her slumbers by L crackling noise, andon looking up. per ceived to her horror that tho |hut was in fltmes about her. Upon this, sho made every nossiblo speed to savo herself and family from tho destructive influence of the ccmfla- oration. It is really miraculous that the wo man awoko in tho nick of (timo for tho pre dion of herself and family. The faro is ".,v likely to havo been caused through a loe of burning wood, rolling agiunst tho wooden material of which bush huts aro usually constructed." Tho Sydney Movnlny Ilcrald, 29th April, \--VS that, — "About throo woeka ago a man named Singleton caught a shark m Broken Bav at the mouth of tho Hawkcsbury River Sd'on dissecting it shortly afterwards, and ononing the stomach, he found thorein the skull of a man, with tho lower jaw missing, and two largo bones of tho arm of a human being. Mr. Singleton and some others who werewith him placed somelargoBtoncaovertho remains ; but, it is alleged, some of the crew of the whaler Forward uncovered the bones and left them exposed on the bcaoh. Mr. Black, custom houso officer, reported tho matter to senior-constable Carlton, stationed at Manly Beach, who accompanied his in formant, and tho two interred tho remains close to the spot where they had previously been deposited in the sand. The relics aro supposed to be those of a soaman named Johnson, who belonged to tho kotch Tim Whifller, which was lost between Broken Bay and Nowcastlo about tho boginning of tho present year, when Johnson and another of tho seamen wore drowned. Johnson, it is stated, had several teeth wanting ,in tho upper jaw ; and tho upper jaw attached to the skull found in tho stomach of tho Bhark bears appoarancos of a similar kind." Tho Mailland Mercury understands that "recently a man, named Taylor, who had got hfa arm poisoned while skinning a sheep that had died from disease, had tho arm cured bv Mrs. Spridgio, of the Quipolly Hotel, Quipolly, Vho applied ammonia inwardly and outwardly, and succeeded in effecting perfect restoration to health in a marvellously short spaco of time. When tho man so fortunately fell across tho good landlady, his arm was terribly swollen, and was in a very bad state, and no doubt h'cr prompt attention saved his life'." On Tuesday ovoning it was reported to tho police at Hamilton that a murder had been committed at Green Hills. This bare state ment is all that was known, but a mounted constable has been sent in pursuit of tho supposod murderer. At Albury tobacco growing is successfully oarriodon. From tho Albury Banner wo learn that " this year Mr. Henloy had sown enough to plant about 20 acres. Blight mado its appoarance a little before tho time of planting out, and in consequence he will not get more. than 20 acres orop this year. Mr. Honley docs not sell a single pound of loaf, but manufactures it into what is declared by hundreds of competent judges to bo in Quality equal to tho host Amerioan aromatic tobacco, and is got up muoh in tho same stylo. Now that Mr. Henley has proved that tobacco growing, will pay handsomely, others aro about to follow in his wake." Tho QccJong Advcrli er of yesterday says that "Mr. Donald M 'Andrew, of Drysdalo, has succeeded beyond oven hiB best anticipa tion in proving tho cultivation of beet-root to be alike profitable and advantageoua to the farmers of tho district. After the sugar-beet agitation, ho nndertook to sow two acres with this crop. At Drysdalo, he exhibited samples of the roots, averaging from 4 lb. to 18 lb. each, and offored CO tons in quantities to suit purchasers. Mr. M'Andrew states that tho yield is about 50 tons - to the acre. Tho seed was sown in drills IS inches apart, and about 9 incheB distant in -tho drills, and tho only manure need has been bono dust. Compared with mangolds sown atotho samo timo, tho return shows an increase of about' five tonB to tho acre." A circular, of which the following la a copy, has been forwarded by the hon. Wm. Bayles to tho teachers in the electoral dis trict of Villicrs and Hoyteobury ; — "Sir, — I purpose giving a prize of £10 to be com peted for in December next, by pupils who have attonded any common school in the electoral district of Viliiers and Hoytesbury lor it least Bix months preceding that timo. Tie prize will be awarded to the scholar who /asks highest in a competitive examination on the subjects prescribed in the board's pro gramme of instruction for the fifth, Bixth, and upper sixth classes. Mr. T. Brodribb, inspector of schools, has kindly consented to take charge of tho examination, and it is pro posed, for the convenience of competitors, that it be held simultaneously in four or five places, to bo fixed aftor tho names of candi dates havo beon reooived. I further purpose offering a prize of £5 to the teacher of any common Bohool in the olcetoral district of Viliiers and Heyteabury, whose school, during the year 1872, Bhall, at tho examina tion for. results, havo obtained the highest proportion of marks, as shown by tho ' in spector's percentage.' Tho prize to be in the form of books, or plate, if desired, with a suitable inscription. — I am, yours faithfully, William Bayles." At the adjourned inquest on the death of Mr. J. D. Ferber, who was killed by a recent accident at California Gully, Sand- hurst, tho jury returned the following ver- diot — "That the. deceased Joseph Duke Ferber came by his death on 27th April, 1872,' by the exploding of a boiler at the Wetheral claim, California Gully, which ex plosion they consider was caused by negli gence, and' thoy are unanimously of opinion that thoro is not sufficient evidence to prove the guilt of any of the men working the machinery at that time ; and wo aro further more of opinion that if thoro had beon a . steam gauge to tho boiler this accident might havo been avoided." At Castlomaine yostorday about three o'clock, tho grocery store of Mr. J. itkon, : of Barker-street, took fire. The conflagration was not extinguished until Mr. Aitken's shop and that of Messrs. West and Iors wore destroyed. The hose, after some twenty minutes delay, was attaohed to tho hydrant, but no water was obtainable, and the fire- cngino had to bo set at work. Tho Repre- lensative states that Mr. West is insured for £SOO, but ho alleges tho value of liis goods to bo £1500, and that tho whole could havo been saved if a few buckots of wator had been available in tho first instance, and he is all the more rendered penniless, inasmuch as he owes, ho says, money to that amount. Mr. Iors is totaliv uninsured, and Mr. Aitken, tho chief sufferer, ouly partially. The Chinese, though not very proficient in theatrical matters, according to our ' notions, do homage to tho memory of tho genius who. first sot dramatic representations going in China.. From the if, A. Mail wo learn that Wednesday was a festive day, aad kept as tho anniversary of the birthday of the Chinese playwright and actor. Some £20 had been expended in crackers for tho occasion, and a feast and procession formed part of tho ceremonic-s. Tho day's proceed ings were wound up by a night performance at the theatro for tho benulit of tho local charities. The Riverine Herald Btates that " Mr. Barbour lias just comploted a new steamer, which ho ba3 named the Free Trader. Ho baa also purchased-an old locomotive from the Victorian Government for the purpose of adapting her to propel tho new boat. The engmo (No. 38) was one of the first that ran on the Gcelong lino, and seems little the worse for wear." - The Australian Journal for tho month is to sand. His Natural Life seems drawing to a conclusion, and tho other stories are well told, tod woli solectod. - 