MISCELLANEOUS. There is a Ileutben Chinee in New York', of whofce sensational feats, as the} T will probably be "repeated in admiring Europe, we may retail the description He' opened bis 'exhibition with the " Supper of Hades," in which he placed in" his mouth with a fork the blazing cinders of sundry combined chemicals, which) being on the point of exhaustion, lost their heat and collapsed at a puff of the breath upon entering. He appeared to sVvallow them, and then drank a glass of red liquid. After this smoke and sparks issued from his mouth. He then, in illustration of the " Magic Bouquet,'' chewed cotton-wool, and pulled from his mouth many yards of paper ribbon. Holding these in a bunch, he drew from them artificial flowers, which he threw among the audience. Finally he pulled from the bunch a brown gutta-percha or indiarubber tube, seven feet long, and shaped like a candle. At the end of this a small taper was inserted as the tube arose, which kindled fireworks, and the candle then retired in a blaze of sputtering glory. This was styled the "Pyrotechnic Column." The next feat was that of swallowing an egg. It was veritably accomplished, as might be seen by the working of the muscles in the man's throat as the egg subsided. A lighted candle was subsequently placed in the mouth to show that the egg did not lark there. It, however, was but partially swallowed. A little muscular action of the throat, accompanied for effect by a pressure of the stomach, brought it again to view. It was takeu in the hand and broken, that the flowing yolk might prove its nature. Ling-Loot's next and last performance was the insertion down his throat of a sword nearly three feet long. It was narrow, straight, rounded at the jjoiut, and smooth at the corners. It was gradually and circumspectly pushed down into the stomach, -and then withdrawn and wiped. When again inserted^ a cannon-ball, with a hole in it, was placed upon the projecting point of the handle, which drove it to the same depth as before. On a third insertion, a small musket, with a hole in the stock, was placed on the handle, and fired by .means of a string attached to the trigger. It may be remarked, that during the latter operation, the sword descended to but little more than half its length. NEGEO LOGIC.—In a speech at Kaleigh, in North Carolina, the other day, Mr. "Frederic Douglas, the negro agitator, in, connection with his early life as a slave, gave an amusing illustration of slave casuistry. Replying to the charge of being a thief, he said:—" Well, I confess that I had something that bore that construction years ago, for in fact I stole myself. I was a piece of property. -1 was owned. I was what they call a chattel to all intents and purposes by a fair construction of the law; and yet in the face of that fact I took possession of myself, put a bundle on my shoulder, and left after the fashion of the pictures in the old-fashioned newspapers. . . . But did you never steal while you were a slave ? Well, yes, I did. Yes, according to your notions of stealing, but I had conscientipus scruples about it. Force of education was very powerful. I had heard the minister teli I must obey my master, and 'Thou shalt not steal,' but I was hungry once, veiy hungry indeed, and I had a little conference with a brother slave on the subject of helping mysfelf to a turkey that I saw fluttering in one. of the outhouses. I told Sandy (Tor it - was Sandy Jenkins) - that I was hungiy, wanted something to eat, but that I liad religions scruples against helpmg mysplf io that turkey. I knew that he^was a praying man, a God-fearing man,; ?and I' wanted his advice on the subject; 'Be told me that it was rather a ticMish-question in ethics. There was son&j;^^bout it, btit s6 far as the act itpelf. ^flS^Jponcerned it Was perfectly JIIG said, ' You-. are your masteciB property ?" * Yes,' I*aid: ' That turbteyTS your master-s ^property ?' * Yes.' * If you put that turkey into you, that turkey does not cease to be the property of "lurier, on]y add s to the value of his property in another form.' So itwas simply a question of removal. I ««d -that it fitbod to reason, the T whole thing was clear to reason, and I helped myself." .....,.„. BOBBDTG A BASIL—<From the other side of the Atlantic we have an item of news which may make^those commercial magnates --whose business lies about Lombard and Threadneedle Streets sympathetically uneasy. The Third National Bant of BaMmore has been broken into by fr Lb^nd 'of professional burglars, who haw taken ,tbeir measureswith a* much sysfc3i»;;as -if the.baauk had been a belgagured,-fortress, and. its assailants a beseiging sariay. r« an evil sense they have known how " to labor and to wait," find they liave done =both Math only too much purpose. From lie time they first investedithe bank premises their success was jar much" a question of time as Was thc^fogfcg of fans when access to the gay city. waa cut off by the myriads of Germans, whom Moltke and Bismarck had^ marshalled against it. The French cap^al might have bepn saved if its friends in the field could havc reached it in lime, or its defenders couldiiave been in sufficient force to %€^^TdefT6ar. The funds of-fcbe bank -at' Baltimore might have remained intact; if a trusty clerk had been in charge afctbe right moment, or if those wbo ^epe piercing ate walls and mining fe. vaults had permitted themsslves to make one false step, or to pursue their :dark work at an inappropri«teJ But no such fort mate misadrehture intervened to spoil their plans. The result is that they have got tfear.' offwith','.bgoty valued at from 9300^0pT to >400,0(30, leaving the commeir -ial community of Baltimore, in wrath, anrNis detectives in despair. A GHOST TIT A COAL PIT.—The present 1 li-Je of prosperity iu the coal trade has been disturbed at the Broughton Colliery, near Wrexham, by the appearance of a ghost in the underground workings, which has had the effect of frightening some cf the colliers from the pit. None of the men profess to having a sight of the' spirit who appears to have taken up his abode in this " vasty deep," but they all confess to having heard at times the most unearthly sounds, and when they proceed to,search for the cause the same noises are heard in quite an opposite quarter. The fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to interfere considerably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like sailors, are excessively superstitious on the ghost question. " CAIT THE ETHIOPIAN CHANGE HIS SKIN?"—A United States "Scientist" has at last solved the ancient problem— " Can an Ethiopian change his skin ?" This is the way he proposes to work it :— The candidate will be first subjected to a bath of alkaline Water. Having been well cleaned, he is placed in a room where a reliable thermometer indicates 120 degrees of Fahrenheit. After fifteen minutes' baking, the partially-cooked victim is conducted to a bath of chlorine water, at the ordinary temperature. The heat has opened all the pores, so that the chlorine flows in and reaches the coloring matter. To keep it in, the pores must be closed. To close the pores, the subject must be introduced to an ice cellar, where he spends ten minutes in absolute ago -y, but relative bliss, for the next step is to drop his exhausted form i ito water heated to 180 degrees. In this the porjs open", the chlorine grapples the coloring matter and departs with" it, and our colored brother is colored no more. " STITCH, STITCH, STITCH !"—Another melancholy song of the Bbirt was recently related in the Liverpool Coroner's Court. Two unmarried sisters, named. Egan, gained their livelihood by their needles, and seem to have been obliged to work late to " make both ends meet." On the night of August 12 one sister, who is " in delicate health," retired at thirty minutes to twelve, leaving the other still plying her needle. When she got up at a quarter to six the following morning she found, stretched on the floor on some" cuttings, with some rolled-up shirts for a pillow, the corpse of the poor young woiaan. She appeared to have laid' herself down in fatigue and died in her sleep. Heart disease and laborious work had been attended with the consequence to be expected. She would not allow her delicate sister to stay up longer than the time mentioned ; and this sister is spared to relate the latest edition of the story of the shirt. v ODD RELICS.—A tooth of the Emperor Napoleon was lately sold in Brussels for 160 f.—The mallet with which Sir Christopher Wren laid the foundation-stone of St. Paul's Cathedral on June 21, 1675, was used by the Princess Teck recently, when Her Royal Highness performed a similar office for the new Church Schools at Kingston. 