THE PRIEST'S ASSAULT. Dk. Read deserves the thanks of the whole commxxnity for his resolxxtion to face Father Garavel, and to iesist his insolent and sinister intrusion into the x'oom of a dying woman. Most medical men, we fear, oxxt of a px'ofessional notion of etiqxxette, woxild have yielded to the overbearing and brazen rudeness of the priest. They wouM have said, "It is none of oxxr business; if the priest wishes a woman dying of delirium tremens, and not always conscioxxs — need ing always to be roxxsed-r-to get money oxxt of her, or to boast of her being a convert; let him have her ; he is welcome to her sis far as we axe concerned." Bxxt Di\ Read reasoned differently. He saw that the case of the patient was all bxxt hopeless ; he .saw that by constant care the vital Sjxark might be retained ; he saw that thei-e xvas treachery in the hoxise, for the two ser vants were Romanists, .and the so-called nxii'se was a miserable creature — in con spiracy "with the others; — and he perceived at once tliat if the Avoman was to be saved, the pei-sons around her mxxst be sent aboxxt their bxxsiness ; therefore, he took posse.s- sion of the sick room, and as a reliable nurse could not be had at a moineixt, the doctor, with prcaiseworthy self-denial, left the. room, xvhen he was absent, in charge of his wife. It appeal's that Dr. Read took this course because there xvere no relatives aboxxt, or none to be trusted ; and. that the patient had been depi'ived of the cai-e and medicine which the two doctors in previous charge of the case had ordered. This brings us to the question which was raised by the , coxxnsel for the priest, and which was really a confession on the part of the counser that he had no defence. iWhat coxxld be more absurd tlian to deny that the doctor had a right, if not- legal, yet an obvioxxs, and reasonable, and cus tomary one to guai'd the room of the dying woman against the intrusion; of; a violent priest? Onlya priest who oxxght to have been ejected by force woxxld have dared to dis- pxxte it. As there were no friends, as the dying .Avomah was in the. hands of tx'aitors, as there were evidently reasons for priestly zeal and violence. Dr. Rea,d Avoxxld have been guilty of coAA'ardice and ' xxnm.anly timidity if he had not assumed the mastery in the hoxxse of his patient xxnder the cu-k- icxxmstances : bxxt he AA'as eqxxal to the occa- sion, and notwithsfcindihg the' ridicxiloxxs fault-finding and special pleading of his counsel, he Avill be justified in the estima tion of oa'ery reasonable man. But let xxs look at the priest. He knew the deceased woman very little. He had seen her a year before £it a tea meeting of his, for which she had bought some tickets. Hoav c<ame she to bxxy tickets for such a purpose ? Her tAvo servants Avere Roman ists, and the Avretched creature Avho was called a mirse, and who had been sticking to her for long before, Avas less than a Romanist; and hence, the purchase of tickets for the good of the Church. He had seen her only once more, aboxxt a month before the assaxxlt, in the street, in Sydney. She is said to have called after him. Only one reason can be supposed for this — she Avas in that peculiar condi tion Avhich broxxght her to her grave, and brought on the disease of delirhmn tremens. Still it was a, very good introduction to the pi'iest ; she "ctdled after him," and he pi'omised, to visit hex-. Now the woman drinks xxntil she is laid xxpon her bed. Two doctors . attend . her, Drs. Warren, and Morx'is. She is in such a state that noeo she is only partially" and occasionally cpn- scibxxB. She is so low, restless, aind ,slee less, that she needs more care than the doctor's from Sydney can give her, and hence Dx\ Read, as lixdng near by, is en trusted, with the case. So low is the patieixt that hope, of recovery has all but gone; yet Dr. Read Avill try, and he ad- ministex's himself to the semi-conscioxxs womaxx theneededmedicines. The woman is nomiixally a Protestant ; she has px'operty, and it is known tliat she has made a Avill disposiiig of it ; bxxt just at this moment the px'iest appears. As a matter of coux'se the Protestant minister has cfilled ; but the. . priest suddenly comes upon the scene. It is said that he is " sent for ;" a message is left at the pxdest's house, x'equesting his attendaixce ; but xvho could bring the mes- sage? — the Romish servant Who could send for the priest? It is in the last, degx-ee impx'obable that, the ixatient did; for she never was so long conscious as to perfox'm this ; and even if she wex'e, thex'e Avas no reason why she should think of the priest, in contx'adiction of all that she had ever said on the subject of religioix. The, priest, however, getting a message, and x'emembex'ing his px'omise, calls, and the first question of this " Doctor of Soxxls" is, " Do you know me ?" The patient axxswers, " I think I do !" This is enoxxgh for him. It Avould have indxxced any othex man bxxt a px'iest to pause ; but a pxdest has never time to 2)ause ; it Avas now or never ; thex-efore, instead of Avaiting uixtil the woman could say more than " I think I do," he begins his great work of converting . this dying Avoman, and he says " Is it true that you wish to become a Catholic?" The woman is said to have ansAvex'ed " Yes." Only the 'priest testified to this No other persons heax'd this ; xxot even the Romish sexwants ! Still, the px'iest accepts so small a gx'ound for conxmencing his con- vex'ting px'ocess, and he at once begins to give her " instruction," and has "a little prayer Avith hex-." He calls again and gives her the " sacramexxt that is, he makes this dyiixg woman, who is, as the doctors state, ixx the last stage of collapse and insensxbility, accept Romaixism, and; eat the body, blood, soxxl, and divinity of J esxxs Chx'ist, Avhich he has carried in his pocket to her ! He calls again, 'unth the Archbishop, and the tAvo Avork some other change upon hex, or " coixfiim " hex. He calls again, bxxt as the women is made worse instead of better, and the doctor determines that no pei'soxx shall enter the sick room, the priest fox'ces his Avay, and insists that she shall have prayex's Avith him. He AV.ants to see if it is necessax'y that " extreme unction " should be admin istered to hex. He has the holy oil, the cottoxx, axxd the matches in his pocket, to malce hex safe for pxu'gatory, if he only tlxmks that she xs ui the xxx'txcle of death ; but xxs the doctor fox'bids his having prayex, to excite the Avoman, the priest takes hold of the doctor by the collar and the whiskers, "pixxs Ixim to the bed," until the "Avhiskers conxe aAvay," and then the tAvo "spin or waltz" oxxt of the x'oom, the oxxe dx'iving the other ! Such are the facts, bx'iefly pxxt, of this priestly exploit at Coogee, Avhich hxis been fxxlly reported iix oxxr colxxmns, and the pixblic kixoAV the xesxxlt, that after the fullest ixxvestigatioix of the ca,se, the priest was coxiAucted of the assault charged, and . Avas fined 20s., or three days in gaol, and his cx'oss ca.se against the doctor dismissed. Noav, what have Ave thus revealed to the pxxblic gaze ? A Romish coxxversion ! A priestly maxxxxfactxxx'e of xx sixixiex ixxto a s-aiixt. We have exposed Avhxxt goes on to a lai'ge extent, xxlthough oxxly occasionxilly the pxxb- ixc come to kxxoav oi xt. A Jrx'xest Avatclxxng for bedsides — helped by Romish servaxxts — and thexx patiexxts, ixx xx xxxox'ibuxxd coiuli- tiou, coxivex'ted, baptized, confirmed, xxnd made to eat the body axxd blood of Christ, — allixx afew days. It''xs said that there Avas xnoYiey in the case. It Avas said that a neAV will Avas xxxade Avhich hxxs not yet come to light ; bxxt Ave sxxspect that, after the' ex- posxxre, it never Avill come to light. Be this as it ixxay, the pxxblic Avill xioAvjxxdge of what Px'iests Avill do, if they caxx get xx foothxg of any sort. The Avhole thixxg par takes so xxxuch of Avhat is scaxxdaloxxs, inde cent, axxd fanatical that we can scarcely restraixx ourselves Aidxile Avriting xiboxit it. The appearance of the "grand old Arch bishop " xipoxx the scexxe was trxxly Ixxment- able. What xx religioxx 1 What an xxffaix of necx'oxnaxxcy axxd solexnxx jugglexy ! A libel oncommoxx sense axxd common deceixcy. Shame is xxnkixoAvn to infatuated mexx "avIxo will compass seaand land tomakeone prose lyte !" To thiixk of a Priest and his Arch bishop cxilling thxee ox four times xxpoxx a a Avoman half insexxsible axxd moribuxxd ; carx'ying holy watex', holy oil, and Christ's body and blood and divixxity to hex ; gixdng her. instiiiction; giving her consolation ; making a . true Christian of her out of a heretic ; fitting her for heaven by such miserable imposture and manipulation — if all this is not to burlesque religion ; if it be not . a proof that the religion of Home is altogether different from the religion of Christ; if it do not prove that jiriestcraft is. just, as biazen and audacious now as ever it was, we should despaiiv of ever finding more to the purpose. The fact is, Father Garavel has been convicted not only of a most \inprovoked and outrageous assault, but of almost indecent intrusion into the privacy of a dying bed, for which had he received some sound thrashing it would have served him well ; but this is the re sult, the public are now assured for the third time, Bland, Carey, and Mrs. Rich- a.rdson, that whether wills be in question or not. Priests will foist their miserable npsti'ums of water, oil, and bread on dying people, to make Chiistians of them, what ever their character and whatever their history, and however deficient in sense, under the pretence of religion 1 There never was such an illustration of what came under the withering denuncia tion of Christ. "Woe unto you, scribes and phaidsees,- hypocrites ! for ye devour widows houses, and for a pretence make long prayers ; therefore ye shall receive the greater damnatioh." " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites ! for ye compass sea and land to make one prose lyte ; and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than your selves." Dr. Baksanti advertised that he would lecture in the Temperance Hall, Pitt- street, on the subject of the Infallibility of the Pope ; but all of a sudden, and after the shocking exposure which had taken place at the Water Police Court of priestly arro gance and something worse, in the convic tion of Father Garavel, the lecture was withdrawn fi-om the Temi)ei'ance Hall to St. Mary's Hall. Tliere was some reason for this which does not appear, but it is easily imagined. Well, the lecture pro ceeded, and, notwitlistandingthat theZTem/t I'eports that tliex'e was a very " large at tendance," iiot more than tioolmndred inml for admission, and the absentees were far more notable than the presentees. The Archbishop, who took suddenlyill at Aden, when on his way to the Coimcil to declare the Pope infallible, was not present when the infallibility was about to be discussed to the people, and out of the whole Roman Catholic body there was none higher in position and intelligence present than Mr. G. Hurley, the thrice-rejected alderman, and Mr. Edward Flanagan, the Romish bookseller, to move a vote of thanks for the "instructive lecture" delivered. These are the circumstances ; and as little may be said of the lecture itself. Dr. Barsanti stated that the infallibility of the Pope did not mean " impeccability," that is, that he was as liable to personal sin as other peo ple, and was obliged to confess to a priest and get absolution from a prie.st the same as other jreople. Moreover, the lecturer stated that it did not mean the freedom of the Pope from error. He was as liable to error as other peojrle. Again, it did not mean a divine inspiration, such as was given to prophets and apostles of old. And then, when his lecture had shown that the " infallible Pope " sins like other people, falls into error like other people, and is as little inspired as other people, he added that he was nevertheless "i7)ecia?y assisted by the Holy Gho.st to preserve holy, ex pound faithfully, and to reveal infallibly the truths contained in the depositary of Faith." This is not " puzzling nor start ling," birt that it is irot contradictory and notcontvary to Scriptirre is rrot in the power of Dr. Barsairti to show. That a mair who is hable to personal sin and liable to error maybe officially infallible may be possible or under standable as one thiirg ; but that Scripture says this is altogether another thirrg. Dr. Barsanti of coirrse quoted the text, " Thou art Peter," tbc., arrd with the usiral dishon esty he quoted it as if it said " arrd on thee, Peter, I will," &c.; but this' is one of the deceitful tricks of men who feel that the text is no warrant for papal infirllibility. It appears that the inspiration of Piirs IX comes through his seat ! For while fallible outside his chaity he no sooner enter's it than he becomes infallible 1 The references in the lecture to Moses, arrd f» the Jewish Priest when he had on the Urim and Thum- mim are desperate proof texts, and remind us of the devil quoting Scripture to tempt Ghrist. Dr. Barsanti says that the Pope is infallible by being "specially assisted by the Holy Ghost to preserve holy, to ex pand faithfully, and to reveal certainly the truth," in face of history, which tells us ! jJainly of .Popes teaching heresy. Mr. G. Hurley's faith and Mr. Flanagan's credu lity are equal to anjiihing ! Me.; Alexander Stuart delivered air interesting lecture last- week on the ancient British Church. We are glad that gentlemen such as Ml. Strrart should give their' time and thought to such subjects, and come before the pirblic with the results of theii' leisure arrd reflection. This work has too long been left to minisster's ; but when gentlemen of good ability and social position will come forth to tell their fellow laymen what was the freedom, what the glory, and what the simplicity of the early Church in Eirgland, much will be done to destroy the notion which has so loirg pre vailed that England is indebted to Rome for her Church. All that is " ritualistic,' corrupt. Popish, and dishonest in the CIriu'ch of .England, has come from Rome ; but long before Rome interfered with Britain there was a pure arrd sirccessfirl church in England. It is a monkish illu sion arrd a historical fa,lsehood that Rome converted England. It perverted England. Arrgustine, the emissary of the Pope, destroyed the ancient British Church, and extended the dominion of Rome by frarrd and blood. If our laity knew more of the history of their country it would be the better for them ; brrt the policy of most people for long has been to forget history, and accept the lying legends of the priests. It is this spirit which is so manifest in the antipathy of " kind and charitable Protes- tarrts" to Orangeism. They want to forget all about King William. They want to blot out the remember-ance of the constitu tion which he settled ; but as Eirglishmen have a noble history, first in the earliest ages, and therr in the wars and struggles of the heroic period, we hope Mr. Stuar-t and others will pirrsue their historical researches. There is no teacher so effec tive as history. Venoeance has been decreed by Mr. Parkes against the Upper House. It had the assur ance to reject his Border Treaty Bill, and this is what the Fates now will — that the Noirrinee House shall be done away. The Premier admits that the Upper Horrse had a right to reject the Border Treaty Bill, brrt he denies that it was " constitutional " or according to "precedent" to exercise its right when the Lower House had passed the Bill by considerable majorities. He worrld insist, too, that the Treaty Bill had been adopted by the courrtry, as the majorities of the Lower House' had, as he alleged, been returned in favour of the Border policy which the Bill contemplated. Brrt the Upper House had arr urrquestioir- able right to judge of these facts. They did judge of them, and they conclrtded that the corrrrtryhad ?roigiverr jrrdgmeirt on the question ; for the question had never been fairly discussed iir the recent elections ; and the Bill itself, they judged, while wrong in priirciple, was as clear an instarrce of pirtting the cart before the horse as ever had occurred irr legislatiorr. Of corrrse, Mr. Parkes cast about for reasons why the Upper had rejected his Bill. He could not admit that they had honestly done so. TJiey had done it blindly and corrrrptly. They had done so because all the better members had voted with him, and all the worse orres had voted against him. Irr fact, the majority of orrehad given their opposi- tioir to serve Mr. Mar-tirr, and to thwart the legislation and prospects of Mr. Parkes. Thus the Premier argued, and so, in a Cabinet meeting, the Mirristry have re solved "certainly to brirrg in a Bill to abolish the preserrt corrstitutioir of that House, and make it elective." Well, we have rro objectiorr to arr "Elective Upper House ;" brrt it is preposterous that the whim of the Premier shorrld thus be grati fied. That it is a whim is rrrairifest ; for while smarting under a serrse of defeat, and r.aslrly resolvirrg, he begs that he may rrot be supposed to be smarting at all, but to be actuated by the highe.st arrd purest motive — that of the " prrblic good." It is clear that the proposal is one of vengeairce. The Premier, by rraming the Hays arrd the Samuels as the flower of the House, hopes that those gerrtlemen Avill uirder-stand that he has rro idea of corrsignirrg them to poli tical extinctioir : birt he holds the sword over the heads of the less promirrerrt mem bers. " How dared they to reject rrry Bill 1 How dared they to .starrd irr the way of my success ? I will pay them out, and prrt it orrt of their power to vote again !" We think that the Lower House, and everr the majority of the Lower House who aided Mr. Parkes to pass the Treaty Bill, will pause before they follow the com'se which is now proposed. The questiorr is rrot an " Elective House," but the "punishment of the present House." Many who are wishing to reconstruct the Upper House, and make it elective, will refuse to concur in an act of verrf eruce. And their caution will be naturally stimrrlated if they ask themselves this — Will an Elective Upper- House pr-event the thing which has now occirrred? Will some Bill of his be rrot rejected as readily by an elective House as by a nominee one ? There is this fact be fore the colony to warn the member-s who thiirk that election will give them per-fete- tion, viz., that the greatest dead-lock and confusion which ever happened in any of the colonies happened in Victoria, where the Upper House is elective. "Stella," in the Herald, sometimes gives a fact or two respecting Popery orr the Continent which redeem so far the char'acter of that paper from being wholly unprincipled. One item from the last mail's budget of " Stella " is deserving of notice. A Capuchin monk died iir France, leavirrg his all, which coirsisted of his breviary, his frock, his cord, a volume by M. Thiers, and his wallet, with this as Iris will : " I bequeath — 1st. My breviary to Abbe Midland, because he does not know how to ii.se his own ; 2nd. My frock to M. Jules Favre, to hide his shame; 3rd. My cord to M. Gambetta, which will prove rrsefirl some day round his rreck ; 4th. To M. Thiers his owir book, to read it over again ; and .5th. My wallet to France, because she may shortly have occasion for oire to collect alms." This will is a proof of the moirk's " perfection." He believed in the counsel of poverty. How different his will from those of some other " monks " who die in this colony, and leave large sirms of money and proper-ty. If the French monk was per-fectj the Sydirey orres must be very im perfect : but is rrot the poverty of the French marr very instructive? He had a breviary, but no bible; he had political sentiment about the situatiorr of France and its leaders, but no religious sentiment aboirt its practical infidelity ; and he had a book of M. Thiers', brrt the whole world of literature was a pious blank to this pious monk of the Chitrch. How happy to be free from the trouble of birying and reading books ! How happy to be living by faith irr the infallibility of the Pope ! This monk could reproach M. Michaud for rejecting the doctrirre that his Pope is infirllible, and for clirrging to the last remnants of liberty in the Clurrch of Frarrce ; but the reason was this, he was iircapable of sympathy with the first priirciple of the Gospel, and was ignorant of an3d;hing higher in the universe than the " authority of the Church." The most perfect slave arrd the most perfect tyrant ar-e implicit believers in the authority of the Church. The difference between Mr. Parkes and Mr. Buchanan deserves to be noticed. The former says that he and his colleagues have been much troubled by the pertinacity of the latter in asking questions. He makes this a ground of corapLaint to the Western elector's, and he asks them to believe that he has beeir a great martyr durirrg the past short session because he has been reqrrired to answer fifty questions from the member for the Western Gold Fields. Brrt Mr. Buchanan lias replied, and certainly a new phase has been put upon the matter. It appears that when questions are asked iir the House they are broken up into so many parts for the sake of convenience. Thus one question may be presented in three five or six particulars ; not that these are sejiarate questions, but only different parts of one question. Mr. Parkes has taken those separate parts, and hence he has made his figures very large to look at. Birt this was scarcely honest, and it looks almost like Mr. Parkes' excuse for attempt ing over and over again to treat Mr. Bu chanan with .studied contempt in evading questions or in refusing to answer them. Mr. Parkes seems to have reasoned thus : " The Western electors will probably feel annoyed at the way in which I have tried to snub the lion, member for the Western Gold Fields. They will probably remem ber that I was compelled to answer by Mr. Forster coming to the rescue of the hon. member. They will perhaps also feel that some of my answers were both evasive and delusive ; therefore I will take the initia tive and comjilain against my persistent questioner." Hence, he gets up a cock arrd a bull story about Mr. Buchanan ask ing fifty questions, and he tells the electors the labour was immense in getting ready to answer those questions ! But the West ern electors ought not to be deceived, The questions were not fifty ; they might have been ver-y few if Mr. Parkes had lionestly and .str-aightforwardly answered them ; and the point to be noticed is not the number of the questions, but the value of the sub jects to which they relate. No one can deny that some of the subjects were very important. He asked about the Govern ment prosecuting the priest at Singleton for a br-each of the law againrt lotteries. He asked about the land at Darlinghurrt, which the priests continue to hold although they have been legally ejected. He asked' also about the. purpose of the Government about the Defence Force and the wages of the Civil Servants. Over and over again Mi'. Parkes tried to treat the questioner with contempt, by answering evasively; but the questions were repeated in another form. By whose fault? We forewarn Mr. Parkes that the best Avay to make questions few is to give explicit and honest answers to questions rvhen put. Mr. Oatley is extremely anxious to be known .as far above all Aurlgfir religious influence on the judgment seat. It is pr-aiseworthy in liim to be concerned that Ire s hould not be confounded with those who think that religion should make men object to the domineering of priests. He has no sympathy with those avIxo set " sect against set." He wishes every one to live ' in peace; and so strong is this his wish, that, Avhen a Priest comes before his Court for ass.ault in an attempt to force his nos trums on dying Avomen, Mr. Oatley Avill not allow the question of religion to be alluded to, as haAung nothing to do with the administration of justice in his Coru't ! We allude, of course, to the case of "Read' versus Garavel " tried in the Water Police Coru't last week. Mr. Oatley was the chairman of a very full Bench on the occa sion. Over and over again Mr. Oatley remarked to the counsel that the " Bench Avould deal Avith the case as one of simple assault." Although " religion," so-called, Avas the cause of the assault, Mr. Oatley would not alloAv r-eligion to be alluded to. Although the ca.se was an aggravated one, the result of priestly insolence and fanatical audacity, Mr. Oatley Avould not alloAV this priestly fanaticism to be alluded to in the . most distant manner. No : he kept on repeating from first to last that the "Bench would deal with the case simply as one of assault," in precisely the same way as if a drunken coal-heaver had attacked his felloAv black ! , Surely this Avas " strict justice !" It was a severe way of making all men alike ; but in thus wilfully arrd deliberately ignoring the circumstiinces of the parties, and the motive of the assault, " the Bench " simply set justice aside, and acted upon 1 lindness and caprice. We are glad that at least several members of " the Bench " totally disagr-eed with Mr. Oatley ; and that, .al though they did not interrupt " the Bench " Avhen delivering his last proof of anxiety to be above .anti-priestdom, they took op portunity immediately after to express their dissent. The magistrates retned to consi der the cato Avhen the argument was closed, and they evidently were not only unani mous that the Priest .should be fined, and the cross-case dismistod, but some of them must have spoken very warmly in the magistrates' room in condemnation of the Priest's impudence and Avild defiance of all decency and propriety. Yet Avhen the " Bench " returned to Court, Mr. Oatley distinguished himself by expressing his opinion that the Priest was a "Avitness for truth," and that his absurd story Avas the result of " imperfection of memory !" And not only this, but Mr. Oatley liimself forgot to s.ay a Avord about the feeling of the magis- tr-ates that the Priest's conduct in forcing himself into a sick room in defiance of the orders of the medical men Avas highly cen surable ! Hence Mr. Goold and some other's exprcissed their diss.atisfaction with Mr. Oatley's deliverances, as not in harmony Avith their feeling on the matter. A witness for the truth, indeed ! A shor-t memory, indeed ! Father Garavel has a inemory exceedingly convenient. And as for his Avitnessing to the truth, no one who li.stened to his eA'idence could refrain from the con viction that his " Now mi ricwdo," and "I tlrink," "I Avill not SAve.ar, but I think," Avas the shuffling and deceit which Jesuit mor-ality alloAvs on .such occasions. Mr. Oatley is very innocent — very ! Mr. Parkes Avent to Bathurst to consi der the question of the public school. He thought that it could not be studied unless on the spot. He had received various communications on the subject, but he de cided that one of the Ministry must see " the position" as it actually was ; and who better than himself to see ? Accordingly he Avent, and three depuhitions speedily croAvded into his sacred presence. The first pleaded that por-tion of the square in the centre of Bathurst might be set apar-t for a Public School. This was supported by a singularly powerful argument that the local Boards of the Episcopalian, Presbyte rian, and Wesley an schools were, with only a small exception, ready to sink their denominational interests for the sake of. having a large, strong, and well-conducted Public School. Mr. Parkes did not think much of this; for when the deputation spoke of a school like Fort-street, Sydney, he said that they could not get anything - higher than a Public School. The deputa tion reasoned that the success of a school greatly depended on position and appeai'- ance ;. but Mr. Parkes did not tliink that at- all ; he would attribute all to the quality of tbe teadiing ! The deputation reasoned that , the square was the most centrally situated spot in the city ; Mr. Parkes thought it questionable that a Public School should be situated in such a inibllc posi tion. And tbe deputation, imagining that the . squai-e will be yet cut up for public purposes, that the goal will be removed, and that other public buildings will be erected upon it, held that nothing shduld be preferred to a Public School ; but Mr. Parkes talked of public recreation ground, trees planted, fine walks, and public statues, adornmg the city, and cultivating the taste of the aspiring youth. Dr. Geikie, who lias , a vein of irony and sarcasm running through him, said that although he had a right to suppose that a statue of liimself would yet be proposed in the square, he was v/illing to forego the honor in prospect for the higher advantages of a good Public School. Mr. Parkes did not appreciate the self- denial !— The other deputation insisted , in equally strong terms that ho grant should be made of a part of the square for a Public School;, and it "was easyto sele: what lay at the bottom , of this oppositiom' The Romish , influence! was all theire, , and actiially it became quite clear that this latter deputation,: pleadiiig against the pro minence; of the , Public School with the author of the Public. Schools' Act, had 'tlie sympathy of Mr. Parkes in fa-ypur of re- , serving, tiie. squares for recreation, ,"ahd', thrusting , the Public School into an ob-' sourer place. Does he not see that Mother Church could not bear tp\ have a Public Schppl made so' cobspicuous'? Doss lie hot' see that if a fu-st-class schppl 'were erected in the square, beautiful in structures, plea sant in situation, and supported by all the Tespectabie joeople ohthe city, and attended by a tlirdng ,pf well-trauied childron, the Romish Bishop wpuld have ihcreasmg dif- ficuRy to keep his 'sheep froin kindly look ing atthe place, and liis liimbs from wishnig ' to. stray hitp such a ppisoned' pasture 1 Oh yes, , he sees it ; but must he begin already to disoblige . his, party h Must he ' detect ' ahready ther,Bi.dlehiCpnspiratorsT Np : it is not yet, , tune,;, -and hence th'e'.'secprid' deputation , broke , oiit . ' iiito Anthusmstic. praises ill favour of the, Minister. ' . Three cheers, for Mr. Parkes 1". The cheers were no sooner, oveithR another depntatibn of the Omc Council entered the augiitt pre- , sence of the Premier, and they said that the . recent ' election of 'Aldermen for tlie city turned ujidn the question of a Public School in tlie square or not, and that the Public School frieiids had won the, day. The worthy' magistrates thought by stating this fact they would cohviiice the Prouiiei that the w hole townsfolk were iiifatAur of a . Pubhc School ill the square ; but- they brought ,dpwn. upon- their heads the. rebuke , of the Preniier. " What has a ' Public School," says Mr. Parkes, " to - do' 'with' civic electipns ?" . Aiul he quietly, added that Aldermen and the citizen.s;had beftw tliink of streets, and' sewers ' when tlieie are' civic elections than of Public Schools! So" the magistrates wore dismissed to comsidei the lecture which they got for tlieii paiiis' I We shall carefully watch' the evohitiohs of Mr. , Parkes, rioSv that he has studied the jBathurst questioii" on the' spot." .It seems to us that .the sqiiai-e could hot be used fpi; a npbler purpose than for the ei-ectioii .of a . Public School; if the gaol be removed and the I Public School built, Bathurst will be served : . but Mr. Parkes ihodt perversely tlireatens, -while adihitthig'' that ii sehpbl and, a gpal are not good, heighbomh, that if the ' school he built bii the sqiiare he" will not remove the ga,ol to another place. ' ' 'Wn ai-e glad that the butchers ai-e bethinking nrhat should he done to secure that their hours of labour should be. shortened, and that their San<la3's should he unbroken. "We advise them to make haste before the summer -mouths come round. . If the.v can. manage that there shall he no Sundaj' work, thej' will accomplish spontaneously what Ave have attempted to get for them for j-ears past. IVice Ave haA'c, AAithin Uie past ten j'ears, got the signatures of a Auist majority of the retail butchers of S.yduey to papem, expressiA'o of their desire aud Avillingness, that Sunday Avork should cease in their ostablish- , ments; but on both oceasions the project fell through because the public would not s3'mpa- tliise. We trust that this time the masters and men will he so united that the object Aiill he gained. .White Subplices in the C-athehkae. — Hitherto the lovers of " sAveet things in Avhite " and those Avho desire more sobcnicss and less show in the Cathcdi- al services haA'e made a Idud of compromise. It was Avell known that the Bishop and Dean . disliked both the white surpliced choirs and the choral seivices. But the chapter was too strong for both. The after noon service has therefore been giA'cn to the choralists aiid to surplices, the morning and nveuing services e.Acluding both. Last Sunda3- moniing, for the first time, wo are informed, the choir wore surplice,s — an important fact in the estimation of thcmselA-os and their admirers. For our oavu part Ave can never understand the rationale of the thing. The white surplice is the official vestment, ordered by the Church of England, to be Avorn by her clergy when minis tering in the congregation. What meaning, or Avhat good taste, there can he snpiioscd in a number of laymen and little boys assuming the same official dress Ave fail to perceive. It seems .to us as much an impertinence as if the attornies, the clerks, or the criers in a court of justice should put on the Avig and the ermine of the judges. " Syuney Funcii " excuses Pauty Colours AA'OBN IN the Street.s. — Yes ! hut they must he only the colours of one party. This has alAva3's been , tlie meaning of suppression of qirocessions and emblems among Mr. Punch's masters. He noAV aoknoAvledges it as his OAvn. A correspondent,' "Guihl," Avrote in our columns remarking on the aa'earing of green ribbons by man.y of the children of a llomish school, in the street, Avhile in procession j and of the Avearing of a green scarf by one of them. Mr. Punch thinks the comiilaiut unreasonable, aud 3'et if any lYotestaut school children Avere found Avear ing orange favoui-s and sashes through the streets in procession, Mr. Punch is the very one Avho Avonld head the hue and cry against them. For our oato iiart, Ave think the av earing of part3' sashes by school children in the street is Rghl3' indecorous, Avhether the oplonrs be orange or green; but Mr. Punch Avould encourage tliii green it seems, and completely: suppress the other. Such is Mr. liberal, lai-ge- ; minded impartiality — precisely the same as that of his masters, as Ave have seen so often. Cullen's Peculiar. — Cardinal Culleu has isriied a pastoral vvhieh alludes. to Judge Keogh's sjieeohi aiid tO grpAviiig infidelity. He . says, "Latterly such men, as, CroniAvell, Rohesj)ieiTe, and other regicides, iheii.Avho abused the talents, given to thein b3'' Rod, men of degi-aded' morals, Avho rejected every principle, of the true faith, liaA'e- been pnbliel3' enlogisedj compared with, tlie.sauits, and, proposed to the Avorld for imita tion.,' The Cardinal, speiilting of the groAviug. infidelity,' says that ' the professors of- Trinity College, ' Dnhliii, arc openly contradicting Abe: Gospel by teaching, that the; Avicked shall not ho punished. Avith eternal torments. The Cm'dinars, peoiiliav style is Avouderfully exeiiiplified in this, short notice. ' Who biit Cullen/; before an ignorant ' Popish people, ; could- A'chture to class Orom-ivell Avith- .RobespieiTe, . or to . say of either : f "men , of, (iegraded morals.;"., or .from the fact that one lay professor, of Trinity College once , breathed a hope that the 'toiThehts of the wicked might in some distant day be ended, -ivoiild venture- to assort generally,' j that "the, professors of .Triuty CoUege, .Dnhliii, are opcul3' coiitra- dieting the , G ospel by teacliihg that the Avieked, shall not he punished Avitli eternal torments." The' Cardinal knoAVS all these things .to be false j list as Avell as Ave. ' -But Avliat then ?, The3'.haA''o - , their end— and the end justifies the means.; - 