London Small Talk. I I PJROil OTJB SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] London, Juno 14. HAS summer really commenced. Snow in May, ¡ and April showers are still visiting us. London is full. Country cousins are in force. The exhibition, not by any means great compared with that of 1851. The Derby and a thousand and one other, the attractions of tho Metropolis, bring tho world, his wife, and an ever increasing progeny to town to see and be seen. Hotels are in feather, and unless your arrangements are made beforehand, you are told with the most polite smirk in the world that "We are full Sir, very sorry," and fresh directions are given to "Jehu," who enjoys the fun in prospect of an increased fare. The Western end ot* London is crammed ; the wonder is where all tho vehicles come from, and where the incomes como from to support tho pomp and state of fashionable life. When Mr. Lowe walks abroad he must feel some consolation in viewing the substantiality upon which he imposes taxes in so many shapes. The Chancellor is denounced as au oppressor by old gentlemen who wear big shirt-frills and heavy watch belongings. At meetings they fume about the inquisitorial character of the income tax, and in the afternoon they enjoy a chariot drive with their wives and daughters, forgetting the vile taxes in the contemplation of the superb coach man with powdered wig, and elegant John Thomas whoso legs command a better salary than many unfortu nate hoads. It is a study to stand near the Albert Hall and look on. Opposite is that wondrous gow-gaw erected in memory of Albert the Good, a thing of glitter and stoneware, cost, say ¿8100,000, value, say what you please. I would prefer to know tho verdict of the lookers-on 200 years hence ; and then the inscription placed on the memorial cairn at Balmoral forces itself on my memory. He (Albert) being made perfect in a short time, fulfilled a long time ; for his soul pleased the Lord ; therefore, hasted he to take him away from among the wicked. And then I suppose I am of and among the wicked, and the reflection is not pleasant, but is soon chased away by the pretty faces and fearful head gear of those left 'behind by Albert to comfort us in om' affliction ; and on the whole I fancy tho trees in the Row, with their beautiful spring foliago, look better than the memorial, and they are not taken away from us, wicked as we are, but then God sends the rain for both tho just and unjust, and the earth gives forth its fruits. What jumble of ideas can have brought into my mind the memorial hospital Sydney was going to erect all in a hurry. When is it to be ? Tho notion is practical, business-like, and has _ a thoroughly colonial hard-headedness about it, and if it is to be done, let us have tho opportunity of knowing that we have helped to do good in our time. The weather is dull, and this is tho only apology I offer for sermonising. Fashion asserts her sway, and at the first gleam of sunshine tho rainbow, with its glorious but watery tints, is almost outdone by the gloriously ap parelled throng passing along the drive. , Lazarus drives his donkey cart along the I Gore, inviting me _ to buy a pot o' musk for the missis, while Dives, all unconscious, lolls in his costly vehicle, driven within the sacred enclosure. As a mere pedestrian, I can pass from the Paradise beyond the rails to the Hades of twopenny omnibuses and bakers' carts. I am of the very outside, aud perhaps being outside I snarl and sneer ; for where am I to look for excitement now ? The weather is growing too warm for strikes, and people are getting tired of them. We have no women's rights meetings to attend; now that the evenings are getting longer, the ladies show to bet ter advantage by displaying their fascinations on another and broader platform, and reserve their eloquence for more fitting opportunity, as many of their maids may testify. Wo have no May meetings to attend. Tho Rechabites have chronicled their annual converts, and the Buck-a-bites have registered a year's outpouring of bile ; Quashee has read a chapter in his own native tonguo, and has sung a hymn in his lingo, which was actually encored, as the efforts of lion-comiquès are in other places. One society-but I will not name it-boasts of having made thirty converts in Australia. They are all in debt- the societies I mean of course, not the converts ; another effort is called for, and the reverend Mrs. Chicks cries out that all that is wanted is that effort : then with a doxology, Exeter Hall is delivered over to silence, and the ghost of poor Cluny at one timo of tho 'Change. We cannot even spice our evening soli tude with a republican gathering. Sir Charles Dilke is perhaps sulky, and Mr. Odger will not run the risk of having his Sunday hat crushed by supporters of the Crown. Mr. Bradlaugh is. ready to prove that there is nothing true, at the rate of ten shillings a lecture, or two-pence to go in and divide proceeds ; but no one cares for Mr. B. We are happily indifferent, pre ferring green lanes to red republicanism, and our socialism has no political significance. Tho Dundee servant " gals" havo managed to have another meeting. Tho Chairwoman went in strong, and in fine _ form against tho employers of female domestics, and opened up a new feature in domestic life. We are no lonsrer safe if our small vices aro to bo betrayed in public meeting assembled. When secret societies wero more in vogue than now, a dagger placed upon tho table was a solemn warning, but the maid who lays our knife and fork will be the canker worm in tho bud, if she is to go forth and pro claim our social sins. Ono young woman has a most par ticular down upon tho Clergy, and tells ns of one of tho degenerate shepherds who kept the girl at work till one in the morning washing tumblers -for his visitors toddy. It is really pleasant to hear that worldlings are not the only strays, and that our spiritual guides have their random fits of subdued spreeing. Tho young ladies who claim to rule from below decide _ to dress how they please, the only guild condition being that they aro not to dress so odiously as their mistresses. In future if we want toddy we must havo an extra supply of tumblers, aud wait until Sarah Jano has gone to bed, before we indulge in the flowing bowl, and our wives will have to adopt tho millinery of tho basement. But strikes aro taking a serious turn. A week or so back an under taker committed suicido, business having fallon off, and now the gravediggers of Sheffield have proclaimed that they will no longer be tho victims of oppression, and tho washerwomen of Teignmouth have declared by the town crier that the price per dozen must be advanced or they will wash no moro. ' Who supp'ies English papers with colonial news? So w. of it is most interesting. Wo are told that " Baron. Martin" has gained nothing by dissolving Parliament and that the Baron's adherents are by no means blithe and gay. The Border question has settled the Baron who will now, Isuppose, retire to the fastnesses of his castle on tho Point of Potts, and hold parley therefrom with the Lord Honrico or the Knight of tho Brush Farm, and the gallant standing army will make brilliant s orties on the citizens. There aro many things in con. noction with colonial lifo we may forget, but we do not forget a good dinner, and yet my memory must have played me false, for I certainly do not remember dining with salmon, trout and other European fish upon tho table. Tho Sector of Stone, claims all the credit of introducing salmon and trout into the Australian colonies thirtyyears ago, by a process he rather faintly describes. Hence says the reverend gentleman, the salmon and tho trout leap in their beauty in the rivers of Australia, and our antipodean brethren are able to rejoice in a table sup. plied with the most delicious food which the waters j yield for the sustenance of man. Ho has never men tioned this before, and I refrain from giving his name, because it would not be prudent te commence another statue until Captain Cook is represented by something more than a flag-post. A small sum placed upon the estimates would probably meet the case, as a token of gratitude on the part of those may have partaken of the delicate salmon yielded by Australian waters. Another interesting bit of information is reported by the Daily News, in its parliamentary report of the thira reading of the Ballot Bill. Mr. Forster, who had charge of the bill, in answer to a statement, that tho ballot fostered bribery, instanced the working of ¡the ballot in Australia, and said that he could state on the authority of the late Prime Minister of Sydney, that such athingas bribery was unknown and that Prime Min ister was-" Mr. Cook !" I am beginning to doubt myself. I do not remember Cook as leading in) Macquarie- street. I have looked up the blue-book, and gone through the mazy ins and outs of New South Wales Administrations, " where names do come, and names do go, and some go on for ever," but I fail to, trace " Cook." There was a " Cook," who could not get rid of Australian sove reigns, and ho had all my sympathy, and, if he would have suffered, it my assistance. He is in London, and perhaps I am wrong, and he*may have boen Prime Minister, for some of those distinguished individuals did not remain long in office ; but it is comforting to know that we have such an authority to refer to, and in future, when an illustration is required of the superior way in which such matters are arranged in the colony, Mr. Gladstone will at once say, send for Cook, Sir Charles is all very well, but Cook is the man for us when we are in a mess. And from the Baron, the Cook and tho Salmon, to Mr. Hope's book " In Quest of Coolies." The ex perience of Mr. Hopo will be found in a rather spun out one volume. One of his facts will be sufficient to test the whole. He tells us that the mere mention of Australian securities makes any capitalist instinctively button his breeches pocket. It is an unclean 'bird that fouleth its own nest, and truly the record's'of the Stock Exchange do not second the writer's assertion: but cotton and sugar growers in Queensland want cheap labour, and it is for them Hope tells his flat tering tale. While on the subject suggested by the word tale, here is a fact worth noting. The pub Usher of an old established penny weekly proved in court that they paid for a sensational story L700, having purchased it from another firm who paid L1000 for it, and published the story under a different name, bnt whether as " Dick Tarleton," or " Girls and Wives, or Who Wins," a thousand pounds is a sum to speak of, and makes one think of theamount paid to John Milton for his " Paradise Lost." We are having quite a surfeit of ßoyal visits, and at the rate we are now going, Kings, Queens, and Emperors will become so common that they will scarcely, command notice. The Empress of Germany has paid a visit to Qneen Victoria. The King of the Belgians has just left, and we have to put up with a Burmese Embassy. The Emperor of the French is no longer a sensation, and except by occasional paragraphs in the newspapers the Hero of Sedan is hardly noticed. Loss than two years have passed away since the Emperor had his cele brated_ interview with Bismarck at Donchery. Napo leon is an exile, and Bismarck is busy check mating the Pope. Loud and long were tho cries that Borne had proved too much for the great diplomatist. The Pope actually refused to accept tho nomination of the Cardinal, and Saint Peter's was cock-a-hoop; but it is quite possible to crow too early, and Moa Prince has come down upon the Jesuits heavy. Mon seignor Capel has given a staggering blow to English Ritualism. He speaks of it as a misorabJs. imitation, and as dishonest as it is illegal. It is quite time that these wretched pretenders should be unmasked ; and when such a man as Monsoignor Capel denounces Ritualism as an imitation, it is a tolerably clear indica tion that Protestant principles are in less danger from open and honest opponents than from half-way advocates. A moro agreeable subject in connection wjth matters theological is tho annual floral service held in the Church 3of St. Catherine Cree on Whitsun' Tuesday. Dingy Leadenhall-street was all alive at eventide hy reason of ladies young and ladies no longer young pressing onward to St. Catherine's, each and all having, in addition to the favours of nature and the embellishments of art, most imposing bou quets of choice flowers ; and a glorious sight the church presented. The wardens had nosegays, the attendants were adorned, and the clergyman had an enormous bouquet in the pulpit. The sermon was, of course, appropriate to the occasion ; and tho appearance presented by the company, each witli a well-selected bunch of flowers, contrasted by the dark oak of the pews- and the fittings, was seemingly more effective than tho more customary sombre surroundings of church going. Tho beautiful fuchsia bells, tho bright calces taria, and the pale, delicate camellia, not forgetting the bringers thereof, combined to make the earnest words of the preacher more effective. It is only once a year, but why should it not be more often P Why is our Pro testantism so austere P Whit-Monday was a great holiday, and is now as firmly established almost as a fast day holiday. London turns out for a holiday with a resolve worthy of notico ; thero is nothing half-hearted about it. Tho banks have made Whitsun- Monday a holiday, and when the banks say ' yea who is to object. 45,000 people were at the Zoological Gardens^ looking at tho animals, and getting pleasing instructions about their habits, and the countries from which they "hay8 been transported. The kangaroo and wallaby came in fpr a good share of attention, and the èmu stood o chance of sharing the fate of an ostrich, who died quite recently from a surfeit of coppors. 56,000 plelJfur! seekers wero at the Crystal Palace ; and over 21,000 ac the International Exhibition. London enjoyed its pating in all directions, and the police courts only recorded two cases--ono of theft, and one of riotous conduot, on tho morning following. Tho Duke of Edinburgh has been very busy hi nil directions. Tho city magnates, who never miss an opportunity of eating turtle in the company of royalty, have mode tho duke a fishmonger, and tho sailor-prmco concluded a speech to _ tho assembled fishmongers by pokiug a neat bit of quiet chaff at the wealth-worship ping Cits,, for which r love bim ; 'they are such a wretched lot of timé servers, that it is delightful tb see them ' taken at their value ; but they aro thick-headed, aud would take a Royal kicking kindly. The Piince has been made much of at Dublin, and has won tho hearts of tho Irish patriots, who gave him a warm ' and hearty welcome such as Irishmen know how to give, forgetting all else in dispensing hospitality. The Prince of Wales has paid a visit to Yarmouth, and bloater town has been in a stato of excitement. Tho good folks of Norfolk have given tho Prince such a reception as even a Prince may be proud of. Ho is almost a Norfolk man, living as ho doss at Sandringham. His acknowledgments in return to the usuul addresses were of course of the stereotyped order, but ono little bit is worthy of notice. He said-and ssiicl it in a feeling manner-" Allow me to thank you for the kind sympathy you showed for mo during my illness. I hope I am not ungrateful for the feeling which has been shown towards me, and shall do my utmost in future to be of use to my country." _ This is well said, and quiet sober people approve of. it, because before he was afflicted ho doubtless went-but no matter. Prince Arthur has been starring it at Liverpool, and the. Limujuicer3 have gone in for some pretty smart bragging about their fair town, with its miles upon milos of docks and all the belongings thereof; and some body elsehas beenstarriugit. "The Claimant" isstuuip ing the country collecting from au enlightened British public the means to carry on the war. ' ' The Claimant' ' is not in good odour ; he has his adherents, and he may or may not be all he claims to be, but somehow he hus given proof that he is not exactly all that Englishmen like. Should he make out his case, a very improbable circumstance, we cannot forgot the impression produced by bis conduct in the witness-box, and he will get a sad over-hauling when he appears at the Central Criminal Court. There ara a thousand and more subjects of interest to which reference might be made, alt having their influence and leaving, ever so small a ripple on time's surface, but in the aggregate making up tho pre sent and forming the future of this great country. 