WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER XXIV. NURSE CHAFFEN ON DUTY. A short period of time may serve to bring about many changes. Sir Karl and Lady Andinnian were absent only a week, yet before they returned, a stranger had taken up lodgings at Foxwood, and something more had happened at the Maze. Lucy was out amidst her plants in the garden, on the evening of her return, when the shadows were lengthening on the grass. Karl was writing letters indoors ; Miss Blake had hurried after dinner to go to vespers. In spite of the estrangement and misery that pervaded the home atmosphere, Lucy felt glad to be there again. The meeting with her husband after the week's separation, had caused her pulses to quicken, and her heart to bound with something that was very like joy. Colonel Cleeve was out of all danger ; nearly well again. He and his wife had pressed Lucy to prolong her stay, and had asked Sir Karl to come and join her ; and they both considered it somewhat unaccountable that Lucy should have persisted in declining the offer. Theresa is alone at Foxwood was the excuse she put forward ; although the real impediment was that she and Kavl could not stay there together without risking others learning of the way they lived. So Karl, on the day appointed, went from London to Winchester, and brought Lucy home. For the forbearance she had exercised, Lucy had to a degree received a reward during her sojourn with her father and mother. More than ever it was brought home to her how important her silence was. It would have inflicted so much pain on them if they were to learn of her difficulties. It would have lowered herself in their sight, and in that of her old friends who revelled in their sense of what her happiness must now be, and in the admiration of her attractive husband. " Martyrdom, rather than that !" said Lucy, clasping her hands together tightly, as she paced the grass. Karl came up to her with two letters in his hand. She was then sitting under the acacia tree. The sun had set, but in the west shone a flood of golden light. The weather in the daytime was still hot as in the middle of summer, but now, the evenings and nights were cool. Lucy's shawl lay beside her. " It is time to put it on," said Karl - and he wrapped it round her carefully. It caused her to see the address of the two letters in his hand. One was to Plunkett and Plunkett, the other to Mrs. Cleeve. " You have been writing to mamma ! she exclaimed. " She asked me to be sure and let her have one line to say we had arrived safely. I have given your love, Lucy. " Thank you, Karl. And now you are going to the post ?" " Yes, I am going to the post. And I must make haste, or I shall find the box shut." He took his hand from her shoulder, where it had rested, and crossed the grass, Lucy looking after him. " How thoughtful and kind he is !" she soliloquised. " It is just as though he loved me." And her imagination wandered at random, as imagination will. Once more she reverted to that former possibility - of condoning the past and becoming reconciled again. It was very good of him, and she felt it so, to have stayed that week in London. She fancied he had done it that she might know he did not go to the Maze. And so, the evening shadows came on, and still Lucy sat there, lost in her dreams. Miss Blake had hurried from dinner to attend vespers. As she turned into the road she saw a boy ahead of on the other side, his basket on his arm. It was the doctor's boy, Cris Lumley, against whom Miss Blake had a grievance. She crossed over and caught him up just as he rang at the Maze gate. " Now, Cris Lumiey, what have you to say for yourself ? For three days you have not appeared at class." " Tain't my fault, said Cris, who was just as impudent as he looked ; a very different boy indeed from the civil-natured Tom Pepp. " It be master's." " How is it your master's fault ?" " What master says is this here : I attend to him and my place ; or I give it up, if I wants to kick up my heels all day at school." " I don't believe you," said Miss Blake. " I shall speak to Mr. Moore." " Just do that then," said the independent boy. " The fact of the case is no doubt this, Cris Lumley - that you play the truant for half the day sometimes, on the plea of being all that time at school." " Master said another thing," resumed the boy, ignoring the last accusation. He said that if Parson Sumnor warn't good enough for me to learn religion from, he'd get another boy in my place that he was good enough for. There ! you may ask him whether he said it or not." Declining to bandy further words with him, until she should have seen the surgeon, Miss Blake was hastening on, when the fringe of her mantle caught against his basket. It reminded her that some one must be ill. Battling for a moment with her curiosity, but not for long, she condescended to inquire who was ill at the Maze. " It be the missis," replied Cris. " The mistress! Do you mean Mrs. Grey ?" Chris Lumiey nodded. " What is the matter with her ?" " Got a baby," said the boy shortly. For the instant Miss Blake was struck dumb. She did not believe him. " He were born yesterday," added the boy. " This be some physic for him ; and this be for the missis." Throwing back the lid of one end of his basket, Miss Blake saw two bottles, done up in white paper. The larger one was addressed ' Mrs. Grey,' the small one ' Mrs. Grey's infant.' She turned away without another word, feeling ready to sink with the weight of the world's iniquity. It pressed upon her most unpleasantly throughout the evening service at St. Jerome's, and for once Miss Blake was inattentive to the exhortations of the Rev. Guy. Meanwhile, back at Foxwood, Lucy finally went indoors as the evening light diminished. Karl came in, bringing Mr. Moore, who he had overtaken near the gate ; and and, just after that, Miss Blake returned. Tbe sight of the doctor, sitting there with Karl and Lucy, brought back all Miss Blake's indignation. It had been at boiling-point for the last hour, and now it bubbled over. The wisest course no doubt would have been to hold her tongue ; but her righteous condemnation forbade that. There could be no fear of risking Jane Shore's sheet of penance in repeating this. It was her duty to speak : she fully believed that : her duty to open Lucy's eyes - and who knew but Sir Karl might be brought to his senses through the speaking ? The surgeon and Lucy were sitting near the window in the stillness of twilight ; Karl stood back by the mantel-piece. " I - I have heard some curious news," began Miss Blake in a low, reluctant tone, having waited for some discussion about flowers to die away. " I heard it from that boy of yours, Mr. Moore. He says there's a baby at the Maze." " Yes," readily acquiesced Mr. Moore. " A baby boy, born yesterday." And Miss Blake, standing at angles between the two, saw a motion of startled surprise on the part of Karl Andinnian. Lucy looked up, simply not understanding. After a pause, during which no one spoke, Miss Blake, in language softened to ambiguousness, took it upon herself to intimate that, in her opinion, the Maze had no business with a baby. Mr. Moore laughed pleasantly. " That, I imagine, is Mrs. Grey's concern," he said. Lucy understosd now ; she felt startled almost to sickness. " Is it Mrs. Grey who has the baby ?" was on the point of her tongue ; but she did not speak it. " Where is Mrs. Grey's husband ?" cried the uncompromising Miss Blake. " In London, I fancy, just now," said the doctor. " Has she one at all, Mr. Moore ?" " Good gracious, yes," cried the hearty-natured surgeon. " I'd answer for it with my life, nearly. She's as nice a young lady as I'd ever wish to attend. " For Lucy's sake, I'll go on ; for his sake standing there in his shame," thought Miss Blake in her rectitude. " Better things may come of it ; otherwise I'd drop the hateful subject forever." " Mr. Moore," she added aloud. " Why do you say her husband is in London ?" " Because Mrs. Grey said something to that effect," he answered. " At least, I understood her words to imply as much ; but she is very ill at the moment, and I did not question further." " It has hitherto been represented that Mr. Grey was travelling abroad," pursued Miss Blake, with a tone and a stress on the ' Mr. Grey.' " I know it has. But he may have returned. I am sure she said she had been up to London two or three weeks ago - and I thought she meant to imply that she went to meet her husband. It may have been a false conclusion I drew ; but I certainly thought it." Sir Karl took a step forward. " I can answer for it that Mrs. Grey did go to London," he said, " for I chanced to travel in the same carriage with her. I got into the London train at the station one day, I found Mrs. Grey seated there." Lucy glanced towards him as he spoke. There was no embarrassment in his countenance ; his voice was easy and open as though he had spoken of a stranger. Her own face looked white as death. " You did !" cried the doctor. " Did she tell you she was going up to meet Mr. Grey ?" " No, she did not. I put her into a cab at the terminus, and that's all I know about it. It was broiling hot that day, I remember." " Well," resumed the doctor, whether or not it was to meet her husband, to London she went for a day or two in the broiling heat - as Sir Karl aptly terms it and she managed to tire herself so much that she has not felt well since. The young gentleman, who chose to make his appearance in the world yesterday, was not due for a couple of months to come." Lucy rose and left the room, she and her white face. Karl followed her with his eyes ; he had seen her distress." " Is it a healthy child ?" he asked. " Quite so," replied the surgeon; " but very small. The worst of these little monkeys is, you can't send them back again when they make too much haste, and tell them to return at proper time. Mrs Grey is very ill." " Is she ?" cried Karl. " Yes. And there's no nurse and no anything ; matters are all at sixes and sevens." " I hope she'll do well !" breathed Karl. " So do I." Miss Blake looked at the two men. The one seemed just as open as the other. She thought what a master of deception Karl Andinnian was becoming. The doctor took his leave. He was, as he told them, on his way to the Maze then. Karl went with him to the outer gate, and then paced the lawn in the evening twilight. " After all, it is well it's over," ran his thoughts. " This expected illness was always putting itself in view when I was planning to get Adam away. Once Rose is well again, the ground will be clear. But good heavens ; how it increases the risk ! Here's Moore going in at any hour of the day or night, I suppose, and Adam so incautious. Well, I think he will take care and stay in seclusion for his own sake. And for myself, it brings more complications. The child is the heir now instead of me, and the whole property must eventually come to him. Poor Lucy ! I saw she felt it. Oh, she may well be vexed ! Does she quite comprehend, I wonder, who this baby is, and what it will take from us ? - Foxwood and the rest ? I wish that i had never married. I wish a merciful heaven had interposed to prevent it." When Mr. Moore, some forty-eight hours previously, received a hurried visit from Mrs. Grey's servant, and heard what she had to say, he was amazed, not having had the slightest idea that his services would be needed for such a purpose at the Maze. It is possible that some doubts of Mrs. Grey's position crossed his mind ; but he was a good man, and made it a rule never to think ill if he could possibly think good ; and when he came to see Mrs Grey, he felt sure she was all she should be. The baby was born on the following morning. Since then the doctor, as Karl expressed it, had been going in at all hours : Ann Hopley invariably preceding him through the maze, and conducting him out at his departure. Three or four days passed. The doctor visited the Maze, and never that there was anything unusual about the tenants living at the Maze. Ann Hopley, ignoring most of her normal tasks, attended her mistress and the baby. On the fifth or sixth day, when Mr. Moore paid his morning visit, he found Mrs. Grey worse. There were rather dangerous symptoms of fever. " Has she been exciting herself ?" he privately asked Ann Hopley. " She did a little last night, sir, was the incautious reply. " What about ?" " Well, sir - chiefly talking." " Chiefly talking !" repeated the doctor. " But what were you thinking to let her talk ? Whatever possessed you to talk to her ?" Ann Hopley was silent. She could have said that it was not with her Mrs. Grey had talked, but with her husband. " I must send a nurse in," he resumed. " Not only to see that she is kept quiet, but to attend to her constantly. It is not possible that you can be with her when you have your housework to do." But with all of this, Ann Hopley most strongly disagreed. She could attend to her mistress, and would not have a nurse in the house. From the first, this question of a nurse had been a bone of contention ; the doctor wanting to send one in ; Ann Hopley and also Mrs. Grey strenuously objecting. So once more the doctor yielded, and let the matter drop, inwardly resolving that if his patient did not get better during the day, he should take French leave to pursue his own course. Late in the afternoon he went in again. Mrs. Grey was worse : flushed, restless, and slightly delirious. The doctor said nothing ; but when he got home, he sent a summons for Mrs. Chaffen. She was a skilled nurse : and first cousin to the Widow Jinks, both in respect to kin and to the love of gossip. That same evening after dark, when Adam Andinnian was sitting in his wife's room, and Ann Hopley was concocting something in a saucepan over the kitchen fire, the gate bell clanged. It had been nothing unusual to hear it these last few days at any hour ; and the woman, putting the saucepan on the hob for safety, went forth, key in hand. No sooner had she unlocked the gate than Mr. Moore brushed past her, followed by a little thin woman with a bundle. Ann Hopley stared ; but never said a word. " Keep close to me, and you won't lose yourself," Mr Moore cried to the little woman, and went tearing off at a double-quick pace through the intricacies of the Maze. Ann Hopley stood bewildered. For one thing, she she had no idea that the surgeon knew his way through the Maze. He could have told her that he had learnt the secret of the Maze long before she came to Foxwood. It had been shown to him by old Mr. Throckton, a patient of his for many years. And, to see a second person pass in, startled her speechless. All she could do was to lock the gate, and follow them. On went the doctor ; the little woman keeping close to his coat tails ; and they were beyond the Maze in quick time. He passed through the open portico, and made directly for the stairs. Ann Hopley, miles behind, could only pray that her master might escape their view. But he did not. The doctor had nearly reached the top of the staircase, when a tall gentleman in evening dress, suddenly presented himself in front of them, apparently looking at who it might be coming up. He drew back instantly strode noiselessly along the corridor, and disappeared through a door at its extreme end. It all passed in a moment of time. What with the speed, and the complexity of the stairs and passages, anyone less practical than the doctor, might have questioned whether or not it had happened at all. " That's Mr. Grey come down," thought he. " But he seems to wish not to be noticed. So be it !" He could find out nothing more about the gentleman from Mrs Grey, for she was quite delirious that night. And, as he saw no further sign of the gentleman at any subsequent visit, he assumed that Mr.Grey had come down for a few hours and had gone again. And the matter passed from his mind. It did not so pass from the nurse's mind. Mrs. Chaffen had distinctly seen a gentleman in evening attire looking down the stairs at her and the doctor ; she saw him whisk away, as she phrased it, and go into the another room. In the obscure light, Mrs. Chaffen made him out to be a very fine-looking gentleman with beautiful white teeth. She had keen eyesight and she saw that much ; she had also a weakness for fine-looking men, and felt glad that one as fine as this should be in the house. It could not make much difference to her ; but she liked gentlemen to be in a dwelling where she was located : they made it lively, and were pleasant to talk to. Like the doctor, she supposed this was Mrs. Grey's husband come down at last. She neither saw nor heard more of the gentleman that night, though she sat up with her patient. Neither did she on the following day - and she began to think that somewhat odd. At dusk, when Mrs. Grey and the baby were both sleeping, she went downstairs. Ann Hopley's directions had been " Ring for everything you want, and I will bring it up :" her meals also were delivered punctually. But nurses are but human. Mrs Chaffen was longing for a bit of a gossip, and down the stairs she went, making her way to the kitchen. Ann Hopley was there, ironing at a table under the window. " What do you want ?" she cried in a quick, startled tone, as the nurse appeared. " I thought I'd get you to give me a sup o'beer, Mrs. Hopley," was the answer. " I'm almost faint, stopping so long in that room with its strong smell of ether." " Why could you not have rung ? I'll bring it up to you." In the very teeth of this plain intimation, Mrs. Chaffen sat herself down on a chair by the ironing board, and began fanning her face with a corner of her white apron. " The missis is asleep," she said ; " she's a sight better tonight and I intend to stop here while I drink the beer for a bit of relief." Ann Hopley took a small jug that was hanging on the dresser shelves, went down in the cellar, brought up the beer and poured it into a tumbler. Mrs. Chaffen took a good draught and smacked her lips. " That ain't bad beer, is it, Mrs. Hopley ?" " Not at all," said Ann Hopley. " Drink it up." She would not go on with her ironing, lest it might seem like an excuse for the nurse to linger; she stood by the fire, waiting, and evidently wanting her gone. " Your husband's taking it easy, out there !" Ann glanced through the window, and saw the gardener seated amongst a heap of drying weeds, his back against the tool house, and a pipe in his mouth. " He has done his work for the day, I suppose," she said. " And he knows his missis's eyes can't be upon him just now," added the nurse, taking another draught. " He don't look strong enough to do all this here big garden." " You couldn't offend Hopley worse than by telling him that. His mistress says nothing about it now. it puts him up so. Last May when he was laid up in bed with the rheumatics, she ordered a gardener in for two or three days to clear up some of the rough work. Hopley was not at all grateful ; he only grumbled at it when got about again." " He's just like them good old-fashioned servants that takes pride in their work,' said the nurse." " There's not many of the young uns like 'em. Is that a hump, or only a stoop ot the shoulders ?" continued the nurse, ignoring good manners. " It used to be only a stoop, Mrs. Chaffen. But those things, you know, always gets worse as the years go on." " Mrs. Chaffen nodded. " And gardening work, when one has a natural stoop, is the worst sort of work a man can take to. " True," Ann agreed. She had spoken absently all along, and kept glancing around and listening as though ill at ease. One might have fancied she feared a ghost was coming down tbe staircase. " What be you a harkening at ?" asked Mrs. Chaffen. " For fear the baby should cry." " The baby's in a sweet sleep, he is. I wonder whether he'll get reared ? - he's very little. Where's the gentleman ? inquired Mrs. Chaffen abruptly after a pause. " What gentleman ?" " Mrs. Grey's husband. Him we saw here last night." If Ann Hopley had been apathetic before, she was fully aroused to interest now, and turned her eyes upon the nurse with a long stare. To Be Continued. 