Scene — Botanic Gardens. Adelaide. Man — Come Jock, stand up' and take your shot, and like a noble monkey die. Come, come, there's a ^ood Jock, a little further yet* Monkey — Hah! 'Good Jock!' — Deceitful wretch, you're there again. That hideous hand and eye again. What is my crime that I should suffer pain of death ? Where is the J udo-e to bear the wherefore of this bite and scratch ? I have good evidence and truthful argument, planned and woven in this brain, to show I ought not die. Man — Sir monk, it is of no avail ; you've sinned against the laws of this establishment, and die you must. Monkey — Gods ! by -what decree of Heaven is such an inquisition sanctioued ? Cribbed, confined, and coffined in this hated hole, what if in our madness driven we do an act un worthy of our native forests ? Man — Gently, Sir Monk, and take it calm. Weigh again the splendid privilege of beiu g here. Food, drink, bed, servants — no labor exacted. Why there are men who would luxuriate in such an atmosphere. And then the Sabbath, how pious you ought to feel upon the Sabbath, when youth and beauty free assemble in front of your gay palace, all wrapt in admiration at your tricks and nimble ness. Monkey-- The Sabbath ! Oh, this is what you call the Sabbath, when those open mouthed fools all tumble up to grin and gape before our bars (with upturned eyes). O, forest home ! I ne'er shall see your sylvan glades again, ne'er climb the lofty pine, nor rest in peaceful shade ! Ah. no ! no Sabbaths there. Man — Why, chattering ape, you've got no soul. Sabbaths are for souls. The world and all thereon is ours. We are the . perfection of creation — the sole enahriners of the souL We know all th;s and much more, the which your brainless head would fail you in the compre hension. Hark, Sir Monk, to give you an idea of our power and greatness, I'll just unfold to you the fact that we have now succeeded in girdling our globe with a copper rope. Monkey — Girdling your grandmother! What a boast ! Why we hare done cleverer things five hundred years ago. Blatant fool J a light just strikes me that you know but little. Know now from me that there are beings infinitely your superior, who are not chained to earth, but trip from sphere to sphere, and whose past time is to dally with such toys as you. This is the true accounting for your * circumstance,' ?fate,' 'chance,' and such like stupid terms used in rampant impudence to smooth, the onward current of your way. Tfta-n — Senseless pratter ! know you of our enormous navies, our glorious armies, our tremendous gun inventions ? Monkey — All signifying passion, destruction, death. All bearing on and bringing out the brand of your inferiority. Man — S'death ! Die thing (raises the pistol.) Monkey — Fire! Tour act but crowns my argument. [Man fires— Monkey dies/} Alas, poor Jock ! he was a clever rascal, and if he can get but the wing of a ghost or the shoulder of an elf to assist him, will be sure to revisit those bowers. Should such take place, I trust the worthy doctor will let me know, that I may stroll in at midnight with a bottle of old colonia1. Jn return I pledge myself to give a full, true, and particular account of the conversation, which I have no doubt would be exceedingly interesting, containing, as of course it would, much that was new. Adelaide, Feb., 1872. 