THEATRE ROYAL. Mrs Qlsdstsne took ber benefit last evening ai tee Theatre Royal, to a bouse tolerably well filled, but not to the extent that might have been antiel pated baviDg regard to the popnlarity and taienl of the leneficiaire and the attractive bill of fare announctd for the occasion. The programme in- olnded two ot Bhakipeare's comedies, ' As You Like It," and "Taming the Shrew." A moreen joy- able evening's entertainment Mra Gladstane haa not yet afforded her Ballarat patrons, Nothiog could exhibit in a more marked degree the versatile genius of this lady. Accustomed aa the public bad been to ber efforts in the walka of " aoeptred trag-dy,"lt wai an unexpected pleasure to witness her triumphant success last eveolog in. the characters of Rosalind and Katharine. In tee former she waa the arch, lively, and pure minded, though adventurous youcg heroine, that the greht dramatist must rarely have desired to paint, the chaste delicacy of thought, those almost Imparoeptible shade, of feeliog, that ex quisite fineness of taste and fancy, that hare feu. Oered this creation of fibak.peare'a snch a favorite, were rendered by Mra Ghdrtane with a faithful ness, grace, end dignity — a soft and feminine elegance and eue— tint seemed u mnch as pn- aibls to approach nature and reality. Hare and there, perhaps, tbe shading was a tilfle heavy , bnt, on the whole, herlmpenonaitan of Rosalind v„ Inexpressibly delightful. Miss Ross C >oper made a graceful, and withal a n.tar.l and plea- lag, "Ceils; hut the part wit too subsidiary to aff jrd -soope for muoh display of ability. Thara was a little too much of the heavy tragedy about Mr Stuart O'Brien's melracholy J.qnea Mr Monro's Orlando waa not tee conception of what a gentleman, not to say a nobleman, should be. Mr George Andrr'tm made passable Duke, both the usurper and tee banished. Mr Leonard made np and pourtrayed Adam better, and appeared to more advantage than in any cheracter he has yet assumed. Mr Ceeter does the foolish Sylvius fairly, while the wrestler Charles (the first time this gentleman, w belleve,sppeared) gave promts t ot better things. He certainly looked, if Ae did not act, owing to the exigencies of the part, every inch a prize wrestler. Mr M'Gowmn was at! home, in fs« in his natural element, In Tonohstone. Had the part been written for him, be conld not have fulfilled its requirements more artistically; and Mra M'Gowau, as Audrey, was no less amnilr.g and oorrrct. Altogether a more enjoyable per formance haa not been presented for aome time to a Ballarat audience, and tbe epplanse accorded teitifled how keenly It was relished and appre ciated by those who were fortunate enough to be present. As Katherlne in "The Taming of the Shrew" Mr Gladstone was hardly less felicitous, while Mr Btuart O'Brien aa tee ;bolateroui Pi- trnchlo waa all that conld be wished. To-night the programme inclndaa "OIlver'Twiat," and tbe faroe of " A Ghost lo Spite of "imself." Tbe New York paper have long telegrams from San Francisco, reporting the arrival teere of the members of the Jspanese Embtsay, and the pupila (including a number of princesses) whom the Mikado baa sent to the United Slates to be educated. One of the princesses, who Is to go to Veaaar College (tee Aew Ymrk Timet aaya),is exquisitely, beautiful, and will make'a sensation. Weekly'itate of ILM Gaol, Bsliaret; for the week ending 23rd March, 1872:— last return Males, 69; females, «. Since admitted — Males, 2 ; females, 4. Total — Hales, 81; females, IS 8ince discharged — Males, 13; females, S. Total now— Males, £8; females, 8, Of these there are "-For trial — Males, 6. On remand — Males, -4 Road gang — Main, 3. -Hard labor — Males, 19. Imprisonment — Males, 36; funnies, A 