-. VsPiRtf RAPPING. ETC. A correspondent of- the Daily New3 writes : "I do not' think it is generally known— cer tainly I was quite unaware of the fact— that -the-present- phase of this Billy superstition is not, the .product of. the present generation. The foflbWider -letteri addressed to mv sweat wranH- , fathSr by his sister, shows the rehiarkable similarity which exists on this matter bfl- tjweenr the wisdom; of our ancestors and our own." To the Rey. ATr T- — — , Hants. Dear ' Brother — — . — . . . I have lately- been at London .very near the Ghosts of Fanny. ijle st" thave been among, the Believers, but 7 coijlcL not help heing, and .owning myself an In- Bdel notwithstanding I was so near the Spirit. \- Oh li that all the . Clergy : had but as much uh- eiderstanding . in their whole composition as my Brother has in his one little Toe, they would nbtthen give in to such rOdiciilus hon'sehse. A friend oIAIrsFenches, a person of veracity, anil whose/Integrity and HoaOur could depend on, vjWAs ; present . iwhile. the following Farce was acting. He was admitted at 10 o'clock one night, .where he .found about IS more persona, 3 Of- whom "iVere" reVtls, the Candle was imme diately put out atid silence desired. Soon after ... /a'SoftrappLngbegah, & scratching, but nbt in angler, mood."-. One , of the clergymen declared thS 'spirit' W'aS cohi'e, & asked if he should ques tion it; winch was assented to, & accordingly he began. Fanny are you come ? to which one knock was given (which yoifmnst know is yes, AS kiroeks -is .no), are- you. willing to answet hucnlJQiuestions as Iiliallput to yoii 1 If yoil /.aye. give 1 knock ; if, , not give 2 knocks--one knock given. He. then proceeded with great solemnity to interrogate tbis Female Gbost :— Are you a spirit ?— One knock. Are you a good Spirit ?— One- knock. Are you in a state of happiness knock. Are you in a state of X progressive- -happiness ; I mean by that an in creasing happiness 1— Dfie knock!. Are you troubled in mind 1— One knock. Have you in jured any one ? — Two knocks. Has Mr Par sons injured you ?— Two knocks. Has his wife? Lgjwo- khocksi Did you die an unnatural death 2-Tivo knocks. Some persons present .haying heard that the Ghost came to reveal its ''b'emg poysontd, was surprieed at the abswer to the. last ,Q'u6ry, but the Parson gravely said it Was/his fault in not "stating the Question right ; helhertfore would ask it again. Parson — Did 'Vfcfr1 Y)ie . a ; natural death ?-Spirit gave two .knocks. Was you poison'd ? — One knock. Was it in Beer, Tea, or Purl? Knocked for Pnbl. T- What is it o'clock ? — Gave ten knocks. How many quarters after ? — Two knocks. Some persons said, the Ghost was again out, , for that it gave three quarters by , St Srpulcres chimes j , .the reverend Gentleman . answered that. clbckB. might: be faulty, but by real time the spirit might be right. He then pursued his ffi terogation : — Can I be of any service to you ? _ rjOne knook. . Would it appear that yon died bypoyson "if your corps was taken up?— One .knock, yes. Would itgive you satisfaction if -iDi K. . was hanged ?— Will you appear in a . court, of : justice if he should be prosecuted? — Yes,. one, knock.; Is there.no oae here that comes-to; scoff?— No.; Do all- present come with a serions mind ?— Yes. How many Cler gymen are in the room 1— One knock. Parson — What/ ohiy one knock ? Then two knocks. Somb observed there was 3 Clergymen in the . room, to which the Parson judiciously observed that the 3d was va stranger and not in Canon ical habit. Then Mrs. Frenches friend asked jfjit could; tell the: coulour of the arsenick by whioh.„it.;Was. poisoned? — One knock, yes. Was it Red arsenick ?— Yes. Torn. . . . Now I am convinced of the imposture for red carsemck has not the least poisonous quality in tis white. I appeal to a physician present for my assertion. This". was excused how should "%rfbriiaii know such nice distinctions as is the colour Mrs Frenches friend— Pray Gentlemen. 'KSif'cloesAnS k"ho\V that she took arsenick at all? she declared she lived but 3 hours after taking it. Its plaiii she did not know the taste .or.ahe , would; not haye taken it. Upon this . C.much altercation ensued,: at which the spirit Ashe wd. greutangor by scratching. . . . ..I ,twas: much ;pleosed with' one clergyman who sayd . l it . was a' Damd Lying spirit. . . - . . I am Dear Brother Your Affectionate Sister. \- R; T. Feby. 16th, 1762. -—The- Wiscossin Fiees.— An eye witness of the recehtideVastating fires near Uhiontown, Wis consin/ relates an incident, occurring 'during the cohHration, Vvhich is absolutely unparalleled in th6 iiistbry 6f all similar horrorB. He wtites : — " Thh.mott:' hobrible of all was at Boorman's wbllf '; Mr Boorman's house was the largest in th& -village, ahd in the centre of the yatd, mid- wayibBtweell' the libitse and barn, was a. large bukshailo# well. Several of the neighbours . wore supplied witb water from this fountain, 'ih"d it is likely that in the conflagration, when aHliqpewas cut off, the neighbourhood, insane !wiih terrbi1,- thronged With ono purpose to this well. The ordinary chain and wheel pnmp used in that place had bean removed, and tli'e wretched people had leaped into the well as the jast refuge. Boards had been thrown down to prevent thoin being drowned, but evidently the relentless fury of the fire drove them pell-mell Into the pit, to struggle with each other and die, : ,dbtne by drowning and others by fire and suffo cation. None escaped. Thirty-two bodies iwere' found there; thoy wore in evory imagin able position, but the contortions of their limbs and the agonised expressions of their faces, told Pthe hwful tale. All the houses along the roads |dbwn to Surgeon Bay were reducod to ashes, and jin them, or near by, were the blackened 'corpses of the ill-fated residents. Twelve . lobly ate as j'et knew'ii to have escaped. These .'ran to the lake, and plunged to their necks in the water,"' ' 