PARIS. June IS. FROM OUB OWN CORBESPOKDENT. The Military Service Bill may now be considered the law of tbe land, and so every fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for five years according to special circumstances, then to j«iu the reserve until 40 years of age. Men intended for tbe church, for the office of schoolmaster are, like college professors, exempted from going under fire, except as Ambulanciers. Gambetia opposed all exemptions as a privilege and leading to abuses, and aB iL is necessary that a door should be either closed or opeu, the concession in favor of candidates for the church or the profession of schoolmaster, opens a door very wide for evasions of the law. The real fight was over the article fixing ibe period of service for active du y. There were high authorities in favor of three, four, and five years. The shorter period is the Prussian plan, makes excellent soldiers, and allows them to return to earlier civil duties. It was "illustrious General" Thiers who carried, or rather forced the Assembly to adopt the term of five years. Prince Fre 4 e ic Charles—the highest of authorities on modern war, observes relative to th» three years service—some men with thick skulls must be kept longer than others to be made a soldier, but it is an error to think, the longer a man is kept tbe better soldier he becomes. The first year the recruit passes Ids time crying, in tbe hospital, thinking of his gretcien,, and dreaming of his home. The second year he_ ia a good pupil, buss MB drill, exercises with taste. The third year he commences to be a drunkard, thinks he knows enough of bis pro fession. chaffs tbe young recruits; this is the moment to send him home—save to rec 1 bim when wanted. Tbe French say, that if tbey fa •<) not a Government they would have nothing r . laugh at M. Thiers iu again menacing t<i rc -:gn if the Assembly did not accept his doxy uf five years 1 service for recruits, assumed a position painfully ridiculous. There was tiu justification for Jove to be angry; the majority was with him—a fact which he well kuew. But he desired to break fats butterfly on tbe wheel Every journal in Fiance condemns bim ; the Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loan is raised, for it does not intend to be go verned in any Tudor fashion, and haB had enough of autocrats.^ Besides, M. Thiers promised to remain chief <-f the State, and not degenerate into a mere Cabinet Minister. He has proved to be tbe most absolute of masters, opposed.' as he has ever been, to every Ufttional reform, from cheap postage and railmijra. up to non intervention and free trade. As M Thiers pales, Ga.nbetta rises ; because the latter is the only candidate who has a fixed end and a vigorous programme—Napoleon excepted, but Sedan is as deeply down amoug the dead men as Henry V. and Lonis Philippe IT. The return to Dower of Gambetta would be as unfortunate as the restoration of any of the three pretenders; yet he might be the least of the evils. He leads au active, disciplined party, as nnited "in the Assembly as in the country. M. Thiers is killiug the " moderate " republic, ' whose advent and success c >nld regenerate France without compelling her too pass ones more through the fiery furnace. But M, Thiers has no fixed policy, no aim beyond an bastinate determination to cany out his personal views, playing with aud using all parties in turn—runniug with the hare and holding with the hounds. It is to castigate such a dissolving mode of government that tltree of the richest and meet conservative electoral disiricts of France hWe jnst chosen by monster majorities, three avowed discipleB of Gambetta. Old age cannot govern France, nor a feeble policp brace ber up. As. M Thiers becomes mure tyrannical and narrow-minded, Gambetta becomes more violent and radical, lago«was nothing if not critical; Gambetta is nothing if not volcautc. The " Women's Rights" question has ones more come forward. The society for the civil emancipation of woman has its journal, and recently opened proceedings witb a banquet. Victor Hugo sending^ " health and apostolic benediction " to the movement. France is about the last place in the world to discuss the woman question ; first, becanse women are the men in this conntiy, and secondly, the petrolaues have rather prejudiced the. according of nnliinited liberty to the fair sex. . JLouis Blanc protests -against tbe law, which ,-Cumpels the wife to follow her husband, as ;b»rb«rous Of two 'things one; either the wife must obey the husbaudw.Uiehpriaindthe wjfe. The sc rffolding of ages 1b not likely to be overthrown, even in France, where iconodasmisso general, which protects tbe family from disorganisation. It is moral not l^al force the wife ought to wield'; it Is the head and uot the heart that the Legislature consults. The child clings to the mother without ever demanding is she slave or citizeneSB, aud that , maternal power is greater as it rests upon the Jaw—as it springs from the heart and goes right to the souL ; A society to induce husbands: to- falfill their obligations towards their wives might do-more guod, than an association. to endow wives with votes. Where husb>nd and- wiEs understand each other the woman question is ever shown the door. . After tbe discussion on the Army Bill is is ended, the financial state of the conntiy will be debated. Tne free-traders are determined not to allow M- Thiers to have his way in favor. of protection. The additional revenue required is t«Tbe taised by the income tax—very slight; the object is to get in the thin end of tbe wedge. Some »f the new sources' of taxation are pro dactive, bnt much ecomomy is required;'in, =their mode of collection. There are IOO many civil servants, more than «yer existed under the ex empire -when favoritism -and ertravaganoe were so rampant. The Due de Cbojseul wa Minister of. Finance under Linis XV ; on one occasion be informed that monarch in confidence, that he bad saved five millions iu ou« month in the, national expenses and desired to know what lie was to do with it" "Give me three millions, and keep two yourself" wasthe reply of Louis the well-beloved. The republic has changed all this' kind of book-keeping which has been peculiar to all dyuasties in France. The con<rict ships have at last set sail for New Caledonian, with thetritous and tbe minnows of the Commune. Bocbefort will likely remain a prisoner in France. It Irfbnly s voyage for the condemned—nothing more, as a general amnesty is certain to be proclaimed by whatever party succeeds M. Thiers. Two or three years at most and the over- ardent patriots will be brought back, snd|perhaps tbe agents who conduct them now to the Pacific Ocean, will themselves be sentenced to take their place. The possibility in such an event may explain why the authorities bestow great kindness on the transpoited— making friends of the mammon of unrightonB nesa. The lady members'of the Commune— some twenty petovhuses—mistresses or soiled doves by profession—are by a cnriooa coinci dence to sail for New" California in tbe "Virginia." Further, a showman announces that in a few weekB be will have six of the natives of that penal settlement for exhibition in guaranteed feathers and war paint Parisians will be anxious to make the acquaintenc of their relatives new neighbors j but decency iorbids cannibalism. . - The statistics of Paris so far as the results of tbe census are known confirm the opinon, that the population haB not diminished, but is about tbe same as It was six years ago—nearly two millions. A" marked social change has taken place; tbe wealthy po rtions of the cily have been deserted for quarters where home rent is moderate; consequently there are immense palaces and blocks of splendid dwellings tenantless. The French in this respect display one of the most sensible phases of their character—a contempt for keeping up appearances when tbe purse is consumptive. Living is most expensive in Paris, the local taxes are crushing the Emperor bequeathed a frightful debt on Paris which tbe siege and Commune increased. By economy, loans, and fresh taxes, the Municipal Council ia bringing matters into order. It is at the central market where the imports are levied on the food supplies, the duty being ad valorem, and at present double. One hnndred weight of bntter will have tn pay on an average 9 francs in taxation, game SO, barn door fitvl 0, and eggs S francs. The present price of each commodity increases like a snowball in proportion to the cumber of hands it passes through, which may account f«r a few suicides of purchasers or sndden deaths produced by shocks. Fish is divided into three classes, salmon, the tnrbot, ic, pay 8 to 10; soles, eels, <fcc, 5, and herrings, sardines, <fcc, 3 per cent Then the cook levies her market penny so outrageously that the Russian ambassador indicted bis salamander for robbeiy ; one article in the accounts was 35 sous for a bundle of radishes which can bs got anywhere for 3 Business is not very strong as the phrase is, Paris does a fair export trade, but local transactions are next, tn dead so the small traders are rapidly suspending cash pay ments with no prospect of a resumption. Even the <7amins Ith&t; (it this season shook thb heavy May flies from the Champs Elysees, sticking a pin iu their backs and so attaching them to a striae, selling the finished article for one sous each to infant entomologists, bare got more work to do—the cold wet'weather having destroyed the insects and with them a petit commerce The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now 68 duly journals, and the cty is still they come. The tendency is to bring out inoniiug rather than evening editions. The proprietors have no great anxiety to provide early newa Tbe" latest- iotellii^nee is a peculiarity of the Anglo Saxon. The Latins here find that treaties on abstract politics and such fustian pays, because France still believes she uritfs, not for Frenchmen but for man- kind. The defeat of the " favorite " at our Derby last Sunday has not cast a jrloom over the capital, one sporting journal proves that the French racing studs are only English ones in d sguise, and hence Cremome has only beaten a champion from bis'own sUble. On the night of the race quite an international fight took place in the Mobille gardens between the horsey interests of-Frauce and -England. The police carried off the belligerents bef >re the Waterloo struggle to<>k plact. The number of persons at the fierby i n tbe Bolsde Boulogne, the display of wealth and luxury «n»de oua forget the second iSuijiire. Accompanied with a friend and two hired detectives, I visited a fen nights ago the roe Haxo, where fifty hostages—priests, soldiers, journalists and policemen were barbarously shot during the last days of its reign of terror. The bodies were thrown into a common cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of the victims appeared every uight as phosphorescent figures. We took up position before midnight, and remained uutil two in the morning, when churchyards are supposed to cease to yawn ; we saw nothing buta sentinel and beard nothing but tbe falling rain. The policemen who were oii the look out for the persons *' who do the spirits" were also disappointed, although at one time they believed to be on the eve of success on seeing us arrive. It is likely the figures on the stories of tbe houses and window panes of Alsace are ou a par with the Haxo Marshall Baztine's trial it is now said will commence on tbe 1st July, as the plans of the battle fields will then be ready for the court. There are 30 persons employed preparing and arratigiug documents, and tbe expanses of the triil are expected to amount to 230,000 francs, a payment which the wealthy prisoner must make if covicted, but in this mi'-ter the people wil have no J ife "; tbey are glad to hear tbe Marshall enjoys good health, and nothing will alter it till the moment arrives when he-shall have no more interest in ^preservation. The press is unanimous in claiming a fair trial and abstain from prejudging "th^greatest traitor r -iuf-modem timea."' Stninge neutrality. The trial pfths Comte Duboarg for the assassination of his young wife taken in adnl tery, is now going on. Since Madame Lafarge poisoned her husband, no similar event has occurred which has caused greater interest than the present. AU the parties are young and respectably connected. The Countess de 8ourg nee MacLsod, was the youngest of four sisters, her father was a Scotchman, who having made Ids fortunein Cork, emigrated-to France, settling at Blois. where lie married a .lady of aristocratic family. The mother died young, and the cdris were ednc*ted in tbe convent, the three seniors married well, the youngest, Oeuise, met her husband in 1869 at Versailles, they were married, she being IS, and he 23 years of age. A son is the issue ot the marriage. She was small, dumpy, perhaps judging from her photograph intelligent and clever as all Frenchwomen arc. Her fortune was 75.000 francs, her husband's enabled them to have a joint income of IO.ODO francs, a year. They were to live In the country at ber f«ther-in4aws, where she was welcomed as a pet. Her ambition was to live in Paris, she was a prey to a mania " to appear in society." Her husband kuew tiotbing of a city life, and having no occupation quickly fell iuto the vices of ihe capital. Pending the war the Countess lived at Geneva, while the bosband joined the njobtles as captain. After the peace abe was delivered of her oniy child, and subsequently came* to' Paris for medical advice where she remained. - They Were an ill matched couple, she was flighty and'be was empty: beaded, in the Paris ballrooms she saw tbe difference between ber bosband and ol her men,' 'worse, she expressed "her opinion. "She" met Perecorbm at a mutual friend's, and made an assignation with, turn foe uext day, calling for him at his office, a clerkship in the town council. TJieir criminal love lasted for about three weeks. The husband suspected, and gave loll opportunity to his wife, they took tneir meals in common but slept at different hotels, he feigned to go to the country on the 21st April last, the wife's confidence was thus deceived ; she wrote to Percorbin:to meet her, andI they went to their usual tiyRting place, an attic in the rue des Ecoles. The husband had pajd spies, he followed bis wife, traced her to tus attic, induced her to open the door, as be nafl a telegram that their child was dying, the paramour fled by tbe root the wife opened the door in a state of dishabille; she begged her husband not to call the police ; he struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed bet with a cane 8word, and when it broke, opened a clasp knife; of the fifteen wounds she received any one was mortal. Three days later she died. The code excuses a husband for killing his wife if be discovers ber in adultery in his own house: here the case is different, but will hardly affect the decision of the jury—nominal guilt The husband was outraged, but we would hove liked to have seen less premeditated preparations revenge; as forthecowardlyparamonr contempt is bis best pnnishment, al> hough his mother appeals on behalf of " her boy " in the journals. The Court was crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly driuking. in the incidents ot the tragic romance.r--...-. - Marshal Vail ant has been interred at Dijon, between his wife and step.son ; the photograph of his favorite dog being enclosed in the tomb. The Protestant, or rather CalvanistSynod is now holding its BittingB; as usual the body is divided Into a uniform confession of faith and BnV>mission to a controlling centre power. St Switbin ia the pUron saint of umbrella makers, and is prospering bis followers. Saint Pelagie presides over journalises in tbe prison called after him. and where the wicked are sent who cry vive V Empire 1 as formerly when they wrote tittie la Repubiiq<ve. 