THE CHURCH OF ROME, TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sirs-I cannot be silent now, after reading the series of gross calumnies, and even indecent insinuations, contained in a letter signed " Win. Valentine," which appeared in your issue of yesterday. The writer of that letter may, perhaps, abuse Ritualism as much as he pleases, and I would not complain (though in silence I would regret his conduct) if he did not make his attack upon Ritualism the occasion of an attack of abusive epithets and calumnies upon Catholicism. This is very often done, Sir. Ritualism is the ostensible Catholicism ; the real object of attack. It was against this I gently remonstrated, and though habitually silent, if I were always so when the Catholic Church is calumniated, I may expose myself to the reproach of being numbered with "dumb dogs." ~ ' I will now condescend to notice in the same calm spirit each calumny, first remarking, again, that Catholic is our name, and that the common consent of the Christian and civilised world, the wide world over now, and in past ages, confirms the same. It is useless to dispute this. Calumny No. Hi-Ho says we call the Pope " Our \- Lord God the Pope." I answer, no educated Catholic with the consent of the Church has ever used these words. We call the Pope, " Holy Father," and Most Holy Father," to,, but never surely have we called him " Our Lord God," And not non-Catholic bishops called by members of their own Churches Right Rev. Lords, and Right Rev. Lords in God, which any simpleton will know is a different thing from the above calumny P Calumny No. 2. The Pope seats himself on the centre of the altar." I answer, the Pope never seats himself on the altar. Jip stands at the altar and pro- foundly adorps God. and thousands of non-Catholics of intelligence and honesty who see him, confess that they are greatly impressed by the piety and reverence of the good and great old man. Calumny No. 3.-" The cardinals fall down, kiss his toe, and adore." They do nothing of the kind. The kiss the cross on their Spiritual Father's sandal, and pay respectful homage to him as the successor of Christ's vicar, but no more. Calumny No. 4.- We have, he says, " conferred on the Pope the attributes of God," We have done nothing of the kind. Christ has called his Church " " the pillar and ground of truth ;" has said, " the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, He said, " I will send you the Paraclete who will teach you all truth." We simply assert for the Church and her head on earth what those words man, is., that she cannot err in "faith and morals." Surely if ; she could orr in those matters, these promises of Christ would be vain, and surely that Church ' which acknowledges itself fallible, stands self-con- victed of incapacity to guide men securely to their end. Not only do we not ascribe BUOII attributes to the Pope, but we hold that he is, like other men, peacable, and even fallible, except when he reaches, 1 « called, the universal Church in some matter . pertaining to " faith and morals. When so noting he is protected by the promises of Christ, who said, "Confirm thy brethren ; I will send you the Pura date, who will teach you all truth, and abide with you for over." Is it not a pity to misrepresent so simple a doctrine as this P And is it not plain that in the Church does not enjoy immunity from error within these narrow limits she is simply no Church at allP Calumny No. 5 is where he speaks of "convents," my modesty, and " the confessional." I blush for the man who could inflict upon me and the millions who frequent the tribunal of penance the deep, deliberate insult here insinuated. ' If I individually were slandered I would have my remedy in a court of justice, but is it not cruel in the extreme and cowardly to make a charge or insinua- tion against millions which he dare not make against one individually P In my heart of hearts I know, and all good men of any intelligence in this matter believe, the confessional is not only guiltless of the reproach he seeks to cast upon it, but that in it a great portion of the world's iniquity is from day to day, and from age to age, re- nounced and destroyed. In it poor fallen humanity is uplifted, the afflicted are consoled the timid encouraged, the wicked recalled, and, if sorrowful and resolved to amend, pardoned, not by any power of man of himself, but by the power of God mercifully I bestowed upon man as His unworthy instrument, by Him who said, " Receive you the Holy Ghost, and whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." Can he deserve the name of man who can outrage I the saintly inmates of those convents who do not speak for themselves P What about Adelaide, is it not a warning is not a man placing a felon's cell there for a similar outrage P On behalf of those convents, homes of piety, learning, and all benevolence, I cast back the insult of that vile insinuation, and in my soul pity, and plead for the author, " He knows not what he does." ! Another charge which I will call calumny, ! No. 6, is that the Catholic Church is " the most modern of all." This excites a smile, and I really think it is quite useless to remonstrate with a man of such reckless assertion. However, it may throw a ! little light upon his path to hear what the strong > Protestant, Lord Macaulay, says on this matter : " There is not, and there never was on this earth an institution so well deserving of examination as the Roman Catholic Church. The history of that Church joins together the two great ages of civilisation. No other institution is left standing that carries the mind back to the time when the smoke of sacrifice rose from the Pantheon, and when camel leopards and tigers bounded in the Flavian amphitheatre. The proudest royal houses are but of yesterday when compared to: the line of the Supreme Pontiff. That line we can trace back in an unbroken series from the Pope who crowned Napoleon in the nineteenth century, to the Pope who crowned Pepin in the eighth; and far beyond the time of Pepin does the august dynasty extend. The Republic of Venice came next in antiquity, but the Republic of Venice is modern when compared with the Papacy. The Republic of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains not in decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigour." Sir, I would be ashamed to meet my Protestant fellow colonists, whose kindness I experience, whose conscientious convictions I respect, if I were to bring against them a tenth part of the odious charges of " blasphemy," " idolatry," " debusing morality," " hatred of the Bible " we love, and for which we would die, which he has brought against the venerable Church to which I am proud to he long. Thank God really educated men in England and the colonies do not make such charges under the sun of to-day's enlightenment. I am now. Sir, as from the beginning, scrupulously acting upon the defensive, and, in conclusion thank you for your justice in allowing me space to reply and remonstrate thus calmly. Your obedient servant, M. J, Hobart Town, 6th December, 1872. [We appeal to the good ROUse of our correspondents whether any good is being served by protracting this discussion. It is our pride to make our columns open to all, but surely there should be a limit to the demands upon URGED. its.] 