THE - INEBRIATE ASYLUM, NEW -YORK. Tims is an asylum for drunkards, who volintarily, enter it for the purpose of aibahdoninig their drinking habits, having lost all power of self-control while subject to the overy-day temptations which sur rounded them. The trustees of the proposed Inebriate Asylum in -New York have issued an ap peal to the Churches of the United State and. the American public fori ssistanco. Some of the statements are startling, as Who can doubt the vital importance of: such an. aisylum wheri; even before its first story.is l. ompleted, applications have ;been madeforadinittance many of which arefrom .the patients themselves ? Among the applicants are 28 clergymen, 36 physicians, 42 lawycrs, 3 jdidges; 12 editors,'. 4, army, and 2: naval ollicers, 179 merchants, 55 farmners, 515: me chanics, and 410 women, most of them ladies. How came i all those to be -'prostrate and so disgraced ? .:Did they descend to drunkenness and shameo with one .step or did; they go :down by the, dangerous stairway of moderation . " .28 clergymen'" men : who were, if .,we believe their profession, called by the HIoly .Ghost: to watch the flock of the fiaithful, and to be themselves, sentinels and guardians;: upon. the . walls of Zion; these men; by the way of moderation, have fallen- alas! how low.: ' 36 physicians"--men who:knew . the idatnger that lurks in the cup of: abomin able tliings and yet partook of.its unholy and destructive contents. i They are pros trate and helpless in the fiendish. power of the demon which: has bound them in ]his rdaHmantino chains.: : " 42 lawyers"-who by, the practice of their honorable, profession, see often deep into the affairs of .others; they have turned'theii knowlodge to licentiousniess, have disgraced huiianity and the bari, are now shivering: inebriates seeking admis ,sion into "the halls and retreats of the: asylum.. , ''. '' . . 5 4" judges"-conservators 'of the peace. purity, and protection of their respective jurisdictions-mno who minister the hiaw themselves, prostrated below the .poor creatures upon whom they executed the vengence of the violated statute, and their ermine dragged in the' pollhition of Bacchanalian degradation. "12 editors"-men who, for thle :sake of the community and themselves, ougliht to abstain from," and honestly; denohdunce, any participation in the' deinoralising customs of society---they advertised ,the poison 'in" their' coluiimns, took b.ribes,; perhaps, to slander the temperance :cause, and fell in'to the snares they assisted to set for others.:. " ' And the "army and navy" seek a 're t presontaitive .within the walls of .the Drunkarid's?Asylum. "'179' merchants l"- what liorrible havoc upon the commercial enterprise, in dustry,'and intelligence- of the country. " .55 farmers"-who: should have beeii publicly usefuil in thein day. ' ' 5 15. :mechanics" - men who might e have carved out an honourable namine, and left an unsullied reputation. "410 women from the high walks of life"-horrible words Il What a summary.,, Surely the demand is loud to the pulpit, the platform, and the press to " stay this .plague."---Amnei can Paper. 