Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XVI. A JOYFUL SURPRISE. THE Monarch was not so fast as some of the clippers in the Melbourne trade, but she was a very comfort- able ship, as Frank had prejudged. Under a press of sail she lifted to the waves instead of plunging through them, and even in the storms off the icy Horn she rarely shipped heavy water on deck. It is doubtless desirable for many reasons to insure speed in the construction of our merchant shins, but it is very essential also for the comfort of passengers, of fore-cabin passengers especially, that ships should be tolerably dry on deck. It is exhiliarating to most persons to be speeding onward at a rapid rate towards a desired port, but it materially lessens the pleasure of a pas- senger if he cannot enjoy a look out at the dancing waves without the momentary risk of being washed off his legs into the lee scuppers, or perhaps being washed overboard altogether. That it is possible to combine speed with comfort in large ships is clearly proved in several of the most successful ships that trade to these colonies, and it would be well for pas- sengers, and for sailors also, if that combination of good qualities were more generally sought for by owners. A retired sea captain, in Victoria, who had made many voyages between Melbourne and London, once said to me (I quote his own hyperbolical expression), "I have never lost a ropeyarn on any of my voyages." He was an enthusiastic advocate for sailing ships on tem- perance principles, and I need not add that he was a thorough teetotaler himself. I should not like to in- dorse all his views on the liquor question lest I might be accused of being intemperate in my advocacy of the good cause of temperance; neither should I like to assert, as some bold writers have done, that more than fifty per cent. of the casualties at sea are the results of drunkenness. Such random statistics are not of much value; still I do believe, and with good reason too, that very many mishaps to vessels might be traceable to that cause. It has been said, "That the best safety-valve for a steam-boiler is a sober engineer," and perhaps the best life-buoy on shipboard is a sober captain. Temperance reformers are not the only persons who recognise that fact, for I have heard men who are far from being temperate say that they always feel safer in a ship if they know the captain and officers to be strictly sober men. The captain and officers of the Monarch were tee- totalers; still that did not exempt the ship from perils and dangers of the voyage, though it undoubt- edly helped to guard against injury from them. The ship was on one occasion hemmed in by icebergs. She got clear of them without danger, but had the officers of the watch and the men on the look-out been drunk on that perilous night it is probable that the Monarch would have been a "missing ship," and not a man would have escaped to tell the story of the fearful shock which stove in the ship's bows like an egg-shell; and of the overhanging masses of ice which came thundering down upon the devoted ship and crushed her into splinters. On another occasion the Monarch was in imminent danger of collision with a large screw steamer which was dashing along at full speed one dark night. The vigilance and ready tact of the second mate of the Monarch averted a collision which would perhaps have been fatal to the crews of both ships. The Monarch was squared away just in time, and the steamer almost grazed alongside her, and passed on without answering to the hail of the officer of the Monarch. The assumption was that the watch on board the steamer were either asleep or drunk. Those two instances of the advantages of strict temperance onboard ship can be adduced as facts in favour of the system, whatever its antagonists' may say in dispraise of it. On the ninety-sixth day from Melbourne the Monarch entered the English Channel, and a few days afterwards Ben and Frank landed at Blackwall. It had been previously arranged by them that they should take up their lodging with Ben's grandmother, if she were living, as it might be a help to her and be less expensive to them than living at an inn, so they made their way direct to Hackney. When they got within sight of the old lady's house, Ben suggested that Frank had better go first and break the news to her of the return of her grandson, and he would wait at the corner of the street until Frank made a signal that he might safely show himself. In another minute or two Frank was standing inside the widow's little shop, which was very clean and tidy; the counters were still damp from recent scouring, and the floor was fresh sprinkled with red sand. The stock was a miscellaneous assortment of small wares, of no great value in the aggregate, but it would have been evident at once to an experienced observer that it was a "paying concern," because there was not a farthing's worth of goods wasted for lack of proper care. Frank rapped on the counter with his knuckles, and presently an active- looking old dame stepped from a back room beyond, and asked, "What do you please to want, sir?" "Your name is Bruce, ma'am, I believe?" "Yes, that is my name," said the widow, beginning to tremble, though she had no dread of bailiffs or other troublesome visitors, but the question itself suggested that it was a stranger who had put it, and a host of exciting thoughts rushed into her mind in a moment: thoughts upon subjects which she would gladly forget entirely. "You have a grandson named Ben, I think, Mrs. Bruce?" "O, dear me!" she exclaimed, and applied her white apron to her eyes. "I had a grandson, sir, but the poor boy is dead. He was drowned in the Thames, off Billingsgate, nearly a year ago. Poor dear Ben! I never will believe that he jumped in purposely, whatever they say. He was too thoughtful a boy to do such a horribly wicked act." "Who told you that he was drowned, ma'am?" "Poor fellow! he was drowned sure enough. I saw the body myself; besides I have got the news- paper with an account of the inquest." The sorrow- ing old lady was going back to her parlour for the paper in order to convince Frank, when he said, "Stay a minute, mother! Don't run away; I have some news for you, but you must not get flurried over it. If I were to tell you that the verdict of the coroner's jury was a mistake, what would you say?" "Ah! that can't be, sir. Lister, the tailor, swore to his corduroy jacket; besides it is in the newspaper, the Weekly Budget. I will show it to you if you wait a minute." "Never mind it, mother; I have known even news- papers to make mistakes before to-day. Your grand- son is alive and well.' "For pity's sake don't trifle with me, sir," said the widow, imploringly. "My poor heart has been almost broken—I cannot bear to be trifled with. My poor dear Ben! he was the only being I had in the world to love me!" "There now, don't cry so hard, mother. If you can bear it I will let you see him in a day or two." "O, my dear man! God bless you!" she exclaimed, seizing Frank's hard hands. "Do bring him to me, my good man! God bless you! Is it true? Pray don't joke with me, I am a very weakly old woman it would be cruel to trifle with me." "Of course it would, mother. Now go into your parlour and calm down a bit, and I will see if I can find Ben and bring him to you at once. There, there, you must not get so flurried. You can't help, crying? Well, I dare say not, mother. I don't want to stop you, it won't do you any harm, perhaps, but you must cry gently. You will soon break down altogether if you flurry your heart in this way. That is right now, go inside and sit down, I will be back again very soon." Frank then went outside the door and made a signal for Ben, and in a few minutes more he was locked in the fond embraces of his grandmother who had for twelve dreary months mourned for him as dead. The excitement of the old lady was intense and varied. One moment she would laugh and the next moment she would cry, and hug her dear boy again, as if to satisfy herself that he was really in the body; then she would utter exclamations of almost phrenzied delight that her lost boy was brought back to life again. In the meantime the customers in her shop were wholly neglected, and some of the juvenile thieves of the neighbourhood seized the favourable opportunity for pilfering many little articles from the shop window. After a while Frank left them for the pur- pose, as he said, of taking a round turn about the parts of London East that he was familiar with in his earlier days, and when he was gone, grandmother, at Ben's suggestion, shut up her shop for the day and sat down with him to tell him all the interesting news she knew, and to hear from him some account of his ad- ventures since he parted from her so suddenly. It appeared from her statement that about a week after his departure a dead body was found floating in the Thames, near Billingsgate. Its features were wholly unrecognisable, but it corresponded in height and figure to Ben, and the dress was similar to what he usually wore. The body had been too readily identified by some of the neighbours, who perhaps were influenced in their judgment by a morbid feeling, which is not easily to be accounted for or to be defined. His grandmother had taken a hasty look at the corpse, and believed that it was her missing Ben because some of her neighbours had sworn to it. It was no marvel that she was deceived, for she was half blinded by her tears. It was generally believed that Ben had killed himself for love of Jenny Simcoe, and Jenny seemed to glory in the assumption. The newspaper report of the inquest gained her such notoriety that soon afterwards she was engaged as barmaid at the "Juniper Tree" gin palace, in the Commercial Road, and crowds of cus- tomers used to go there on purpose to see her. She always exclaimed, "Oh, stuff!" when anyone jokingly alluded to her fatal influence on poor Ben, the hatter; but it was plain, by the coquettish way she tossed her flaxen ringlets, that she believed she had a mighty power for fascinating masculine hearts and driving men to despair. "But I am very much grieved my dear," added widow Bruce, as a wind-up to her lengthy story, "I am truly pained that the body of a strange man should be buried in the next grave to your poor dear mother! And to think that I should have had him put there, and that I should have gone to the trouble of keeping his grave nicely trimmed! I am sorry indeed about it, and I must speak to the sexton." "Sorry, grandmother! Why you ought to be very glad that I am not buried there." "Yes, my dear, so I am glad, but I am sorry too, if you understand me. Sorry to think that a stranger that we know nothing of should be lying near your dear mother." "Never fret about that, grandmother. I don't believe it will matter in the slightest degree who is buried beside her. You told me she was a good woman." "Yes; she certainly was good, poor girl! though many persons looked down upon her for one sad fault she committed. Her sin brought years of sorrow to her and to me too; but she truly repented, and she died in peace, trusting in Jesus alone." "If so, she is happy enough now, no doubt. If I thought I were as safe for heaven as she was I would not mind if I were to be buried beside a dead horse. Grandmother, I wish you would tell me a little of my mother's history, and the name of my father," added Ben entreatingly. "You know I have often expressed a wish to know all particulars, and you are the only one I can question on the subject. I do not think you can have any good reason for with- holding from me the information which I am so desirous of having. I am not a child now, grandmother, and I am able to understand all you say to me." The old lady sighed as she replied, "I have no reason for not telling you all you wish to hear, my dear, except that it is a.very painful subject for me to touch upon; and it cannot do you any good to know of your profligate father's cruelty, and your poor mother's suffering." "I should very much like to know all you can tell me about them both. It is a natural wish, grand- mother; and if you still refuse to gratify it I shall be grieved beyond measure." "I would not grieve you again for all the world, my dear. No, no; I have suffered too much for grieving you before. You shall hear all about your poor mother and your cruel father. But it is a long sad story, Ben; a very sad story." "Well, you shall not begin to tell it now," said Ben, and he kissed his grandmother fondly. "You have had too much excitement to-day already; besides, my friend, Mr. Shouter, will be back pre- sently. Some other time, when we can sit down here to ourselves without fear of being disturbed, you shall tell me all about it. Now let me know all the news of the neighbourhood, grandmother," he added by way of chasing her thoughts from the painful subject. "How is my little sweetheart, Jenny? that they say I killed myself for. Ha, ha! What a mistake!" "Humph! Sweetheart, indeed! She ran away with a soldier about seven months ago, and her mother is half crazy about it." "Then it is a good thing for me that I ran away as a sailor, granny," said Ben, smiling. "If I had stopped at home and married Jenny I should have made a bad bargain, I fear." "Indeed you would, my dear. You would have had a dolly for a wife, and not a dumb dolly neither. I knew what she was, Ben, though you never would hear me say a word against her. The only thing that seemed to comfort me when I mourned for your death was that you were spared from the misery of being the husband of that heartless girl." "It was certainly a fortunate escape for me, grand- mother; but it was also fortunate for me that I slightly tumbled in love with her, for my doing so made you fidgetty with me, and made me dissatis- fied with my home. It was very wrong of me to run away from you as I did, and cause you so much anxiety, but I was punished for it by the remorse I felt for my rashness. After all, you see it has turned out lucky for me. I have escaped being tied for life to a troublesome wife and I have had a cruise round the world, which has taught me more of men and manners than I should have learnt in twenty years in my old workshop, and I have come back to you safe and sound, with a few pounds in my pocket to share with you." "Dear, deary me! It does seem wonderful to me, and I can hardly believe I am not dreaming," said the widow, and she gave Ben another loving hug. "To think that you have actually been all round this wide world, and over the great and mighty sea, and here you are again, strong and hearty. Thank God! Thank God! I forgot to say that before, and it is very ungrateful of me. Yes, I say again, thank God! He has always been my helper and my com- forter in my distress. But only think now, my dear, that I should have so often sat crying on Sunday afternoons over that strange man's grave, besides spending three and sixpence for flower roots, and a Christmas-box to the sexton, and-----" Grandmother's further reflections on the mournful subject were interrupted just then by the return of Frank from his cruise round Ratcliff Highway, and she soon began to smile at his quaint remarks on the changes he had noticed in the haunts of his early rol- licking days. On the site of the "Pigtail" Inn, where he first saw Sukey Fake, a fine chapel was erected; and a gin palace, ten times smarter than a Chinese joss- house, had replaced the old groggery, "The Jolly Sailor," where he had so often paid out his hard earnings for the pleasure of a night's mad revelry, and the misery of a bad headache the next morning. He tried to find the slopseller who, thirty years before, had sold him a monkey jacket made of "slobbered" cloth, and it blew to pieces before half the voyage was past; but the slop shop was turned into a potato warehouse. "I meant to have told that chap of his wicked roguery if I had come athwart him," said Frank; "but perhaps he has been re- minded of it in another place before this. It is my belief that the shabby rogues who sell rotten clothing to poor working men will get the same unwholesome allowance, by-and-bye, that grudging shipowners get who send old leaky crafts to sea, with rotten rigging and ragged sails." CHAPTER XVII. BEN'S PERPLEXITIES IN HIS NATIVE STREET. Widow Bruce gladly acceded to her grandson's proposal that he and his friend should lodge with her for a while. By a little management and the pur- chase of a few extra articles of furniture they were each accommodated with a room, and they expressed themselves well pleased with their comfortable quar- ters. Frank had made good progress in navigation under the tuition of Mr. Willis. He mastered all the intri- cacies of plane sailing, and could take the sun's meri- dian altitude for latitude, or a morning altitude for longitude. He had also learned a little of trig- nometry, but he wanted to learn more; and there were other things essential for him to know before he could pass as mate, which Mr. Willis had not the necessary time, and perhaps not skill enough, to teach him. Frank soon made the acquaintance of a sea captain who lived near to Mrs. Bruce. He had com- manded a ship in the Quebec trade; but in returning home on his last voyage, timber laden, and with a heavy load on deck, he fell in with bad weather, and his ship capsized. He was for several days clinging to the wreck, and endured great suffering, and five of his crew were frozen to death. The survivors were rescued and brought to London by one of the mail packets; but the captain was so crippled by long exposure to cold and wet that he was wholly incapa- citated for sea service, and having no reserve fund for contingencies he was reduced to great straits, and had hard work, as he expressed it, to claw off the bleak lee shore of starvation. He was very glad, for a moderate consideration, to teach Frank all he wanted to know, as he paid daily visits to the house of his tutor with the punctuality of a very zealous pupil. His tasks appeared formidable at first sight, but by steady effort he surmounted them, and would often wonder at the simplicity of a thing which he had fancied was too complicated for his weak head; and he has owned that the knottiest problem or the most puzzling rule he had mastered in any of his books on navigation was, after all, ten times easier work than reefing a fore- course in a gale of wind, or rigging out a jury bowsprit. The news of Ben's return home soon spread through Hackney, and caused about as much excitement as the "Cock-lane ghost" of ancient memory. Those persons who had sworn to his identity at the coro- ner's inquest on the dead body before alluded to, boldly maintained that they were right, until, by the contrary testimony of many witnesses, and the further living protest of Ben himself, they were forced to admit that they were wrong, and then they tried to cover their mistake by the old cry of puzzled savans, "That there was some mystery in the affair which they could not fathom." Ben's genteel attire gained him a form of respect from his acquaintances, for he was supposed to be possessed of money. The smirky recognition of Miss Fox, the dressmaker (who had never deigned to look at him when he wore corduroy), was properly estimated by Ben, and his grandmother sharply asserted that the old girl was trying to catch her boy now she fancied he was well off. Some of his former shopmates were anxious to know how he managed to make a fortune in twelve months, and all of them seemed willing to start off to the antipodes without delay if they could insure similar success. It is but fair to Ben to state that he did not say or do anything to encourage the current belief that he was rich; he never spoke of his affairs to any one outside of his grandmother's house, and his reputed wealth was merely the coinage of his poor neighbours' fan- cies. It was simply enough imagined in those days that all returned colonists from. Australia were laden with gold. The excitement of the public mind in Back-street was for a time favourable to Mrs. Bruce's trade, and the influx of customers to her shop was more than her failing strength could manage, so she was obliged to hire a girl to help her. Every fresh customer asked kindly after her grandson, and the old lady felt quite pleased to think that poor Ben had so many loving friends; but it was soon plain enough to him that there was not much reality in all the outward display of respect, and that he was expected to pay for it, either in coin or in some fraternal manifestation. He was very civil to all his old neighbours, but he had no desire for a close intimacy with them. His distant bearing soon nettled their pride, and stirred up envy, hatred, and all uncharitableness; some of the bolder sort jeeringly remarked, in his hearing, that they remembered the time when he could not give change for sixpence, although he was such a great swell now, with a broadcloth coat as fine as the parson of the parish. Others took more sly, though equally cer- tain, methods of annoying him; and, though he appeared not to notice the taunts, he felt them acutely. The evenings of Ben and his shipmate were usually spent in the widow's little back parlour, and she was never weary of hearing Frank's exciting tales of the sea. She said she would henceforward like sailors, though she had felt a strong prejudice against them as a class ever since the foggy night when two bargemen stole into her shop and carried away her whole stock of shag tobacco, jar and all. To be recognised in a community as a poor man is not always grateful to one's feelings; and to be esteemed a rich man by society at large, while you know yourself to be poor, and perhaps unavoid- ably embarrassed, is, to say the least, a very equivocal advantage. To answer the nu- merous applicants for aid to charitable objects with reluctant excuses, and to witness incredulous shrugs when you explain, "That you really cannot afford it just now," is misery to an honest heart, which can only be understood by those who have experienced it. Ben Bruce's reputed wealth was more embarrassing to him than the worst phases of poverty he had ever known. Many of his indigent neighbours stopped him in the street with their tales of woe, and humbly begged him to help them for old acquaintance sake ; and some of his former shopmates solicited the loan of a little money to redeem tools and chattels which they were obliged to pawn last winter when work was so slack. Ben candidly told each applicant that he had no money to spare; but some shook their heads mournfully, and renewed their importunities, which plainly indicated that they did not believe him; while others pettishly called him an uncomplimentary name, and walked away offended. If Ben had plainly told them that all the cash he possessed when he landed in London was £22, it would not have helped him to stave off his importunate neighbours, for they would probably have continued to beg or borrow from him until they were quite sure he had not a copper left. After he had lived on shore a week he prudently began to consider what he had better turn his atten- tion to as a source of livelihood. His own trade of hat-box maker was still very dull, and many hands were out of work; moreover, he had seen enough of life in the colonies to create a distaste in his mind for the hard work and small pay of a London factory; so he had no serious thoughts of turning to that work again, and what else to turn to he could not easily decide, though he spent several days and nights cogitating the subject. His kind old grandmother proposed that he should stay with her, and add a greengrocery department to her shop, with a coal and wood yard at the back; but Ben urged that he did not understand the greengrocery trade, and that there were three coal and wood shops in the street already; furthermore, he said he could not carry on that business without a donkey and cart, and he did not know how to drive. He might have added, that he was ashamed to be seen driving a donkey. "Take things coolly, boy," said Frank, to whom Ben appealed for advice in this perplexity, "you can never take a correct altitude of the sun if you don't keep your sextant steady. Ah! you may smile at my display of science, Ben, but it is a fact, nevertheless; and the principle can be applied as far as you like. I have seen a lot of scared passengers clap on to a clew- line in a squall, and pull and tug like mad horses; but the sail aloft might flap into ribbons before they could snug it up, because they were too flurried to pull together. They only wasted their strength. But if half the number of able seamen were to go at it, with a long, strong, steady pull together, the sail would be hauled up all snug in no time. Now just take that hint. Ben, and don't waste your spirits in useless worry and flurry, and depend upon it you will make more headway whatever you go at. You have not been on shore much more than a week, and have hardly had time to tell all about your travels to your grandmother. Take it easy a little longer, messmate, and we shall see what will turn up before our money bags are emptied, The donkey be blowed! I won't agree to your driving a costermonger's cart; you had better go to sea again than do that. But cheer up, boy! If I pass my examination and get a mate's certificate, as I hope to do, I'll make a snug opening for you, never fear." "You are very kind, Frank; and your advice is always worth attending to. I was thinking before I do anything else to take a trip into Durham, and deliver Dumby's bible to his mother, if I can find her. What do you think of it?" "To be sure, Ben; I forgot all about that job, and it is one of the identical things you came to England for. Go and find out Dumby's mother by all means, boy. She will be glad to have a yarn with you, I'll warrant, poor old soul! I would not mind going with you but I must stick to my lessons. My tutor is anxious to turn me out ship-shape, and is taking extra pains with me, so I must keep hard at it, though I sometimes think this old head of mine will crack with being crammed too full. If I ever have any money to spare, Ben, I will do for that poor frost-bitten skipper what his rich owner ought to have done for him, long ago; anyway, I will take care he don't have an empty 'bacca box for some months to come." Ben was aware of his grandmother's weakness for chatting across her counter, and he had heard several of the incidents of his travel re-told to her gossipping customers, so he was careful not to tell her anything that he was not willing to be made public, lest she, in her desire to magnify him, should incautiously let it out. She had no idea that any other motive than pure love for her had induced him to return to Eng- land, and as it would not have comforted her to lose that impression, he never spoke of his mission to Dumby's relatives. The old lady was somewhat curious to know why he wished to go to Durham, but as he did not seem willing to explain it she did not press her inquiries. I have before stated that Ben had a good looking face and a well-formed, manly figure; and although he had not been privileged to move in very refined society, his quiet, unassuming demeanour covered many defects, and withal, he had a natural dignity of bearing, which many men of more cultivated minds do not possess. He had been obliged to tolerate a good deal of coarseness and vulgarity, in the persons that he had been thrown in contact with, in his old workshop and on board ship, but in his heart he loathed it. The society of Mr. Willis on board the Monarch had been very agreeable to him, and he had learnt much from that young gentleman's polite deportment, which formed a striking contrast to the "fast" behaviour of his brother midshipmen. Frank Shouter, though far from being highly polished, had more delicacy of feeling than the average of men of his class. Ben had never heard him utter an oath, or even hint at anything that was obscene or unchaste— in fact, he had always manifested a disgust whenever any of his shipmates indulged their tastes in that way; and on that account Ben was always disposed to look lightly at some defects in Frank's character and disposition. Ben's studies on board ship tended to expand his mind (which had not received much culture), and to create a desire for more knowledge, which he longed for opportunities to acquire. Hence, it will be judged that he did not find the society of Back-street very congenial to his tastes, and he always felt more dignified when he was out of the locality. When he was leaving his home on Monday morn- ing for his journey his grandmother remarked with affectionate pride, that he looked quite a gentleman. If Ben felt comforted by the encomium he was not permitted to enjoy the feeling very long. As he passed down the street on his way to the railway station, dressed in his best clothes, and with a little travelling bag under his arm, he was an object of special attention to the staring neighbours, some of whom audibly com- mented upon his personal appearance. The street children, too, seemed as much interested as if he were a Chinese juggler. One little urchin, conscious of the proximity of a protector in his mother, shouted out, "Hoy! Ben box-maker! Who's your tailor?" and a saucy little girl shrieked out, "O, twig his kid gloves!" Ben moved on his way with a firm step, and took no notice of the rude remarks, but he felt annoyed at them, and he reflected, that in all his travels round the world, and amidst the crowds of strangers in the large cities of Sydney and Melbourne, his pride had not been subjected to half as much mortification as it had been during his few days residence amongst the friends and acquaintances of his childhood. As he moved out of his native street he felt his confidence gradually return, and soon afterwards he was rolling along on the Great North- ern Railway, amongst delightful upland and wood- land scenery, and feeling that he was a man, though some of his old neighbours would try to make him. fancy that he was still "the boy Ben," Mr. Chippett's pauper apprentice. On his arrival at the old town of S------, he went to the Red Lion, being the quietest inn he could find, and engaged a bed for the night. Whilst he was partaking ot a homely meal, which the landlady herself placed on the table for him, he made a few inquiries for the family he was in quest of, and learned that the Marshalls lived at Newby Hall, a few miles distant, and that a coach ran past their lodge gate three times a day. He further learnt that, Mr. Marshall, senior, had been dead nearly a year, and that his only son, Henry, had been expected home from Australia, to take possession of the estate, but news had recently arrived from Melbourne that he was dead. Old Mrs. Marshall and her granddaughter were living at the Hall, but their recent bereavement had affected them so severely that they seldom went out of the house, and never received any visitors. The landlady added, "If you have any particular business with Mrs. Marshall, sir, you will have to do it through the steward, who lives about half a mile off." The latter remark was made in a tone which implied that she would much like to know what business Ben had with the family; and her curiosity was perhaps rendered more acute by a word or two which he accidentally let fall that he had recently come from Australia. Ben, however, was reticent on the subject of his mission to the Hall, and he resolved to pay a visit there the following morning, without any previous interview with the steward. 