jptegf Urns. SAILORS' HOME. — From an advertisement elsewhere it will be seen that Mr. Townsena has consented to deliver his popular lecture, " Lights and Shadows of London Life," at the Port Town Hall, this (Thursday) evening, to aid the funds of the Sailors' Home. When it is remembered that for every pound contributed by the public the Government will give another pound to the extent of £2,000, no doubt there will be a good attendance to help so excellent an institution. MOTHERS' MEETING.—Owing to the success which has attended the meetings of mothers in South Adelaide in connection with the City Mission, a few of the ladies connected with the North Adelaide Congregational Church last year resolved to try the experiment in Lower North Adelaide. This locality, being inhabited principally by the poorer classes, afforded ample scope for the operations of such a Mission, and the branch chapel gave the necessary accommodation. It may be as well to say that the Committee act upon the principle of helping only those who have shown an inclination to help themselves, unless this is prevented by illness or some other insuperable barrier. Gifts of cast-off clothing of all sorts and qualities are gladly welcomed from all friends, and are much needed. These are sold to those attending the fortnightly meetings, and with the proceeds goods suitable to the wants of the customers are bought and sold at wholesale pi ices, assistance being also rendered by the ladies in cutting out, sewing, and otherwise preparing the articles for wear. The meetings generally continue for about two hours, and while the mothers are engaged sewing one of the ladies conducts a short and simple service. It is satisfactory to say that a large number o the mothers in the neigbourhood gl«dly avai themselves of this means of obtaining articles •for their families which otherwise it would be difficult for them to obtain; aud they have such confidence in the management that they deposit occasionally Email sums for the purchase of some more than ordinary article of clothing,' and on these deposits a small amount by way of interest is allowed. The first anniversary of the Mission was celebrated on Wednesday, November 6, by a tea meeting in the chapel. The Rev. James Jefferis presided and delivered a suitable address, and the mothers present seemed grateful for the efforts made on their behalf. There were between 30 and 40 present, including a few of the ladies in the neighbourhood who take an interest in' the Mission. CRICKET.—The first match arranged by the South Australian Cricketing Association will take place on Monday, as per advertisement. The College ground lis been kindly granted by the Rev. Canon Farr, and it is hoped that ine friends of the Association will assist by their presence in making the event a success. BURTON .V. FERRIS AND ANOTHI-!1.—The report of this case, which was heard in the Local Court, on Wednesday, should read ''Claim for £13 6s. 6d,, medical attendance supplied to the late John Ferris. Mr. Symon for plaintiff; Mr. Stow, Q.C., for defendant. Defendant Stratford's name struck out. Plaintiff to pay him £2 2s. Defendant Ferris pleaded plene odmisiisO-avit, and plaintiff being unable to dispute plea, judgment was given for plaintiff for amount claimed qmndq actiderint" VITAL STATISTICS. —The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ending Saturday, November 2, were:—Births — Males, 13; females, 15. Deaths—Males, 8; females, 6. Total—Births, 28; deaths, 14. Excess of births, 14. DRAINAGE AND RIVER DAUB.—Mr. C. B. Hardy, in a letter which we regret our inability, for want of space to insert at length, advocates the above objects as being of paramount importance. We subjoin his rough outline of a plan for securing" both. " What I would suggest," says he, "would be that the Coiporation should borrow the necessary funds on bonds to be guaranteed "by Government. The '.money bould in this way begot at5, if not4 per cent., and I should imagine that £50,000 would probably be sufficient. The amount so borrowed should be expended in making a main sewer the whole length of the city from east to west, starting from the Hospital and running parallel with the 1 river and ' between it. and North-terrace below Government House and the Railway Station right down to the Gaol; and there would be quite sufficient fall then to lead the drainage from the city into this main drain. A portion of the money so raised should then be devoted to making a thoroughly substantial dam across the river about where the former dam was erected, and as this will only throw the water backasfaras the City "Bridge, or very little higher above it, there should be a second dam up the river so as to throw back a second sheet of water to the Company's Bridge, and so enable Dr. Sehomburgk to divert the water from the river for the purposes of irrigation, ornamental lakes, &c.;, in connection "wfth the proposed enlargement of the Botanic Garden." LOCUSTS.—The Wallaroo Timet says:—"Large swarms of grasshoppers, as yet in a juvenile state, are to be seen on many parts of the Peninsula. Mowing for hay is very general, consequently the plague will not affect that portion of our crops. But they will destroy a great deal of grass, &c.;" THE NARHACOORTE CROPS. — The Mount Gambier Standard states as follows :—An experienced colonist who has just returned from a tour through the Narracoorte farms reports that he did not see a wheat field in that locality which did not give fair promise of thirty bushels per acre." FAR NORTH COPPER MINES.—Mr. Hampton C. Gleeson, J.P., who arrived iu Adelaide from the Far Northern Copper Mines on Wednesday, reports a scarcity of mining labour, all the mines being short-handed. Parties of working miners are developing several new discoveries with promising results. At the Daly Mines a large quantity of ore is on the floors. Good fireclay has been discovered near Daly's Bluff, and arrangements are now being made for the erection of furnaces. Mr. Alfred Frost, well known in connection with Northern mineral discoveries, has been appointed Mining Manager of the Daly Mines. There is abundance of grass and water throughout the country. COPPER.—Reports were current yesterday that_ private telegrams from London had been received quoting a further advance in the price of copper. One of these is referred to in Mr. Coates's share list. A DARK PHASE OF VICTORIAN LIFE.—The Ballarat correspondent of the Argus calls attention to the following evil:—"There is great reason to fear that a most revolting and fiendish system is in operation here, but not in Ballarat' only, of alluring innocent young girls to their ruin; and. it will take all the vigilance of the police to keep it in check; for to stop it seems impossible, until seduction be made a crime by the Legislature. Abandoned women are said to be provided with decent apparel and some money, and paid to attend religious services or places of amusement, to watch for unprotected girls, the kindness or the folly of whose parents may have allowed them out unguarded. If the pimp discovers in the course of conversation that her intended victim has certain liberties allowed her, and finds her of easy access, a future meeting is planned, and the young apprentice in vice is introduced to companions of her own age, perhaps younger, and gradually coaxed away to their haunts, where drink is supplied, and her ruin completed; and this atrocious system is encouraged by animals that are a disgrace to our manhood, but whom, unfortunately, from the defective state of our laws, the police cannot interfere with. Another of these decoy dens, kept by mere girls—I might almost say children—hasjust been reported to the police, and the unfortunates will doubtless be duly arrested and dealt with, while those who have murdered their souls will be allowed to escape scatheless. One woman named Lee was charged at the Eastern Police Court to-day with having enticed and kept away from her parents a young girl named Clara G. White. The charge was clearly proved by the police, and yet the infamous wretch is let cff without any punishment. No wonder that the police find little heart to bring such offenders to justice." A RETURNED COLONIST.—A writer in the Avstralasian lately said:—"Amongst the distinguished colonists of high repute lately returned after a European tour is the clever talking parrot who has been for some years an institution at a leading Melbourne hitel. His owner intended to win the first prize with him at the Crystal Palace International Show of talking birds, but unfortunately was too late in entering the competitor. He, however, entered the Exhibition with the bird on his shoulder, and our feathered representative is said to have utterly confounded the ornithological congress by his volubility, his impertinence, his slausr, and great powers of insult. No member of any known Legislative Assembly could have excelled him, and it is questionable whether a more thoroughly representative example of a Victorian politician could be selected as Agent- General. There is, however, a truthful directness about him incompatible with diplomacy. He had scarcely been restored to his accustomed corner after his circumnavigation of the globe, when an old acquaintance made some friendly advance, which was promptly repelled with the allegation,' You're drunk, you blackguard'—a statement which could not be truthfully contravened." ATHLETIC SPORTS.—Sports were held by the Osmond-terrace Athletic Club on November 2 in Mr. Prescott's section. The following is a list of the events :—One Mile Walking Match—B. Mander; P. Fisher, second. 100 Yards Handicap —P Fisher (3 yards); A. Robinson (11 yards), second. 220 Yards Hurdles—H. Wright (scratch); J. T. Robinson (12 yards), second. Pole-Leaping—P. Fisher, 6 feet 3 inches; B. Mander, 6 feet. Half-Mile Handicap—P. Fisher (scratch); A Robinson (40 yards), second. 220 Yards Handicap Flat Race—A Robinson (22 yards); J. T. Robinson (16 yards), second. High Jump—H. Wright, 4 feet 2 inches. 440 Yards—H. Wright (scratch); B. Mander (25 yards), second. 120 Yards Hurdles—Wright (scratch); J. T. Robinsen (9 yards), second. One Mile Handicap—A. Robinson (40 yards); B. Mander (scratch), second. MR. RYAN' s KINGFISHER.—" Augur" of the Australasian opines that" Mr. Ryan's Kingfisher may prove an efficient champion if The Ace should be a non-starter. Speed has always been regarded as Kingfisher's forte, but it is now said that he has learnt how to stay, and the style in which he comes home after a gallop of a couple of miles certainly favours this idea. His performances last year were below mediocrity until he made his appearance at Ballarat, where he carried 9 st., and won the Selling Stakes easily enough, giving Detective a vear and a stone. His next appearance was in the Talbot Handicap, wherein he met Lapdog and Valentine—the former at an advantage of 11 lbs. and the latter at 8 lbs.—but neither had the ghost of a show with him, for he won as he liked by three lengths, which he could have increased had he not swerved at the turn. He afterwards tried conclusions with Contessa and Warrior in the Canterbury Stakes, but he was never in the hunt. He finished third in the Launceston Cup, but won the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap by a neck, after a desperate race with Contessa, and just afterwards ran second for the Forced Handicap. At the Adelaide meeting he beat Saladin, Glencoe, and several others in the Queen's Guineas, a mile and a half, but has not appeared in public since. It will be observed, then, that his victories have all been gained over distances half a mile short of the Cup course, and it now remains to be seen whether he can manage to get through a good field of horses in a race of two miles. My own opinion is that he'll look exceedingly dangerous until he gets within the distance, when his bolt will be shot, though he may struggle home about fourth." 