SPIRITUALISM DISCUSSED. [From the Argus.\ Mr. D. Blair and Mr. Tyerman resumed the public discussion on Spiritualism. They did not meet at the supper-room of the Town Hall, but at the Independent Hall, Russell-street. Two vehicles drawn up to the kerbstone by a quarter to 8 o'clock, several persons scattered about on the pavement, and one man on the steps showed that the excitement which these disputations had aroused was still high, and prepared one for the animating spectacle within of 4G0 or 500 persons, comfortably seated, and some of them signifying in the way they do at theatres and other places of secular amusement that it was time to begin. Punctually at a quarter of a minute past 8 o'clock Mr. Call, P.M., came forth from one of the back rooms, followed by Mr. Tyerman and Mr. Blair, the former of whom, of course, bore the mystic carpet-bag. Mr. Tyerman opened the discussion. Persons had complained that on the last occasion little had been said about Spiritualism. The fault was with Mr. Blair, who undertoek to attack Spiritualism. All that he (Mr. Tyerman) undertook was to defend it from the attack; but Mr. Blair merely attacked a monstrosity conjured up from the gloomy depths of his own brain. This was_ Mr. Tyerman's first hit, but while the audience was generously applauding him he was getting a manuscript speech into position. The central doctrine of* Spiritualism was that the spirits of the departed under certain conditions held communion with those still in the flesh. They were agreed as to the possibility of it; but Mr. Tyerman had four grounds for the probability, and a large variety of grounds for the actuality of it. The channel of communication between the two worlds was not closed up with the last chapter of the New Testament. The phenomenal part of Spiritualism was divided into 13 heads, and under No. 1 came the moving of ponderable bodies, which Mr. Tyerman had an unpleasant fashion of pronouncing as punderable bodies. Healing of the 6ick was No. 2, and so on, through prevision or foretelling, beautiful drawings, " last but not least," photographs of spirits which had been taken and recognised in hundreds of instances. We hasten to inform the impatient reader that although Mr. Tyerman said a great deal under each head, there were no photographs for the curious among the impartial 500 listeners to look at when the argument grew tedious or at any other time. The evidence for the reality of the phenomena was presumptive and direct, and Mr. Tyerman proceeded at once to divide them into heads. One of the presumptions was the appearance of spiritual manifestations in all parts of the world; another, the appearance of them amon^ all sorts of people. The grounds for believing persons who testified to the phenomena could not be got into less than five heads. Then there was "a string of witnesses—Horace Greeley (candidate for the Presidency of the United States), the late Dr. Campbell, Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, the Rev. Dr. Phelps (who said in a sermon that the same amount of testimony that was given in favour of the phenomena would be sufficient to convict a murderer in any Court in Christendom outside of New York), Professor de Morgan (who considered the physical explanation he had heard miserably insufficient), the late Dr. Elliotson, Robert Bell, Serjeant Cox, and others. Mr. Bell was the author of the article in Cornhill, " Stranger than Fiction," which gave the particulars of a seance where Robert Chambers was gratified with the two airs that his father loved. "Ye banks" was the Scotch air, but the " Last Rose of Summer" was his favourite "English" air. Why were not phenomena exhibited here similar to the phenomena the 30 witnesses he quoted bore testimony to ? Because the movement yrss comparatively new here. But Mr. Denovan, of Sandhurst, had just written to him of an occurrence there, where, in a circle of persons, the arm of a lady medium of 30 years began to wave about and shake until a white cloua was seen for a moment or two. Several saw what appeared to be a very beautiful spiritual arm, and all saw what proved, to be a half crown-piece fall from the cloud into the hands of the medium. Unfortunately, just as Mr. Tyerman had drawn the requisite inferences from this statement, his half-hour was up, and the wishes of several persons that the same sort of thing might be tried on amongst them were not gratified. Mr. Blair was twice cheered when he rose, but the second and louder cheer was for the able manner in which he took something for the purpose of making sure that he should. be heard clearly at starting. He had fallen into a trap on the first occasion. The audience pricked up its ears, and Mr. Blair explained in a few words. In fewer words, he had made the mistake of supposing that everybody had read the several lectures he had delivered on the subject up country, and so had condensed his remarks a little. _ But he should endeavour to make up for it. First of all, he should clear the ground by disposing of two or three things said by Mr. Tyerman when he wound up the debate last time. A Press friend whom he met in the street had said to him, " Keep off, old fellow ; you have got the smallpox." Perhaps when Mr. Blair proceeded to clear the ground in this way, there were persons who first scanned him anxiously, ana then wished they had not taken seats so far forward. It was rather startling, until Mr. Blair made it evident that the assertion about the smallpox was founded upon the fact that he had written an article about smallpox. Then, with great dexterity, he showed that Mr. Tyerman had accused him of being on the high road to Spiritualism on the mere fact that he had written an article about "Necromancy in the 19th Century," one of those scribbling articles which scribbling men write every day of their lives. (Cheers and laughter.) For a few minutesMr. Blair was painfully scientific in the definition of the word "natural"—Mr. Tyerman had taken exception to it—and Bacon, Newton, Herschel, and Faraday—these kings of intellect—were called in to assist. The phrases " deadened gospel'' and " prigged gospel" were justified. If they did not like prigged he would say stolen; if they objected to stolen (some did), then he should take the intensest adjective ,he could find—"thieving." No further objections were made. In the use for the twentieth time of the words _ "fundamental and irreversible laws of scientific reason as formulated by Sir John Herschel," Mr. Blair provoked a laugh and an injudicious cry of question. The loud laugh which marks the vacant mind" caught it severely from Mr. Blair for about four minutes. Then ttet'9 was a joke about an Irishman who wrote " S. V' flfter his name, because he thought the words thef stood for were spelled " sivil ingineer." . Quarter of an hour was still left, and in that time Mr. Blair showed, with satisfaction to himself and not a few others, that every one of the doctrines of Spiritism, as announced on the previous occasion by Mr. Tyerman—even the one about there being no devil— was at least 1,800 ^ears old, some 3,600 or 4,000. Then he gave a boiling-down of the doctrines of Spiritualism, of which the following were the most interesting and the most contradictory:—" That the soul is eternal, that it commences its existence at conception, at birth, at maturity, at old age. That all are immortal; that some are mortal, that non are immortal; that the soul is a winged monad in the centre of the brain; that it gets tired, and goes down into the stomach to rest; that the spirits eat food, that they live by absorption, that tkey live on magnetism, and (O, enviable beings!) that they live on love; that they live_ singly—in groups of nine; that they marry, without having offspring; that they had offspring by mortals, and by each other; that their marriage is temporary, that it iB eternal." But when he came to state some of them in rather plain English—that murder is right, that lying is right, that slavery is right, that the breach of the Seventh Coramandment is right—not a few of the audience thought proper to hiss; at the same time there were others who cheered. These were the doctrines of Spiritism. (A loud " No ") Let persons who were prepared to say ' ne had never found such doctrines as he hp^ enumerated among the works of spiritualists, stand up. (No one stood up who had not beer, standing before. A good many who were crow<^e(j j^to the passage looked as if they would no^ minded sitting down.) He would not, cotild not, stand up before an audience of Med and forge quotations. (Cheers.) Mr. Tyerman c jmp]ained that Blair had not toucher ^ one ^ le • . aad ^ rambhngs led nowhere. This was not the night for th'^. doctrines—(Oh)-but the phe- nomena; and Mr. Blair had to prove that the phenomena were produced by mecliauical causes. (A loud "No," and a louder "Yes," and then an altercation between the two voices. " Why did you'say ' Yes?" asked the one. " Because you said 'No," replied the other. Both smiled, and then allowed the attention of the audience to return to Mr. Tyerman. A series of _ test cases was enumerated. They were chiefly American cases. Two persons received this order from a spirit at a sea-nce—"Ask Dr. C for a small sum of money from the charities in his possession, and go and purchase fuel for Mrs. , who is in much need." The merit in this case lay in the fact that the recipients of the message did not know that Dr. G—— had the money, or that Mrs. —— was in need. Then there was the case of a man whose wealth was divided amongst his hairs (there is no mistake_ about this word; it was emphatically "hairs"). A person put in a claim for the payment of a debt of $7,000, but the man who nad _ bequeathed his money in this peculiar fashion came back in the spirit form, and told the legatees where to find the receipted bilL. The only colonial case was that of a gentleman who, in 1852, when between Melbourne and Kyneton, suddenly woke up from an uneasy sleep, and found out several suspicious men bending over him. Twenty years afterwards — i.e., a short time ago — he learned through a trance medium tkat his deceased sister, with the help of other spirits, saved his life on that memorable occasion, for fhe knew that the suspicious men were going to murder him for the sake of gold they supposed he had under his head. These men were frightened from their purpose by terrible pictures the spirits presented to their minds. The spirit gave him further proofs that she was his sister, for she reminded him of things he used to say in 1868, in the twilight hours, to little children about the stars; A fourth case was one in which a man wished a hand-bell to ring, and it rose six inches off the table and rung twice. The half-hour was up before Mr. Tyerman was finished with the test cases, of which he had 30 handy, and which was most provoking. He had to break off without saying what he meant to have said about the photo- graphs which had been taken of spiritual outlines. One was a photograph of the deceased Abraham Lincoln, which his widow had recognised. Mr. Blair said—"We have made a few incisions in this patchwork doll, and shaken out half the sawdust. I don't intend to leave any in." (Cheers.) The cases were disposed of in a few sentences. Some were dismissed as most preposterous Yankee ghost stories. Upon the Sandhurst half-crown, the Boston charity case, and the $7,000, Mr. Blair was severely ironical. The books were filled with these silly twaddling stories. What proof had we of the facts? Greeley, the witness of mysterious handwriting, was the most shortsighted man in America; Dr. Campbell was utterly ignorant of science; Serjeant Cox stated in his recent work that the table-rapping was produced by a power in which the spirits had no part, viz., by psychics, or, as Punch said, by " sly kicks." All scientific men were agreed that the phenomena of which trustworthy evidence had been given were produced by natural force, and it only needed further investigation to drag it into the light. An unformulated law of physical force in the human body, and a still unformulated law of the mind, were quite sufficient to account for everything that entered into the stage of human belief. Mr. William Faulkner admitted to the London Dialectic Society that he used to manufacture magnets which produced raps on tables, and Professor Pepper had undertaken by natural means to produce before a London audience at the Polytechnic, the spirit hands, the rapping, and all the rest of it, and then show how easily the trick could be done. A grosser or more demoralizing imposture was never attempted to be played off on the human race; not one new fact, not one new law, not one new thought, not one new idea, had been given to us by Spiritualism, but simply scandalous and shameless immorality. (Cheers, and cries of " Oh.") It was announced that the third discussion would take place on Monday. 