PREPARATIONS FOR THE MELBOURNE CUP OF 1871. ? ^ - Much has appeared in our columns about the occurrences on the great Melbourse Quo day To tell how the horses looked after stripping and how they figured in the running would be w ivuMi on uit-ioia xaie; but with the details of trials and the mysteries of the betting-rooms the reports heretofore published have not made us familiar. The following notes by an 'Eye- Witness' cannot therefore be regarded as out of date: — 'Fully determined to seethe great Melbourne Cup, and stimulated by the fact that the Ade laide pet— tho Dog — was again spoken of by the prophets as the coming horse, I embarked in good time in the Aldinga with a few choice spirits, who were intent on killing two birds with one stone, namely, making a pot at Sand hurst, and if the pot was not quite full, com pleting it on the great betting race of the year. Knowing little about the mysteries of scrip, I was put in a complete maze by a continued talk about Golden Fleeces, Richard Heales, New Chum, Dead Cats, &c.; Even when I endeavoured to edge a word in, having some reference to the Melbourne Cup, it was quickly smothered by the frequent repetition of Garden Gully, Extended Tribute, or the ominous name of Laza rus. Even at the game of loo, when a sovereiga was lost orwon, it wasnotspoken of as so much tin dropped, but Eight G. G. Consols, or some other long-sounding namo, hating reference to a real or perhaps imaginary claim in the golden region of Sandhurst. Of course tho next morning after reaching Melbourne, as soon as there was , light, I stood on Flemington training ground ?to seo the tits, as they walkod, cantered, or gallopped. Let me recall the company — a mixed, most decidedly mixed lot, but noliigh class mixture^ — all of an order— either horsey, Israelitish, or cabby, the horsey class, with tight trousers, tight coats, seedy hats ; the Israelitish lot, a hook-nosed slangy-looking mob, gold (or gilt) chains and rings, who varied the sporting talk by one of the lot showing what looked liko a diamond, and what all his com peors_ swore was, and choap at £'20; some sporting cabbies, and all hailing one and other by names as Tom, Moso, Bill, or Joe. These, with Beacon, Augur, Hotspur, &c;, and a few trainers, completed the crowd. Some bookmakers were there, but none of the first or second flight; only hill men and list betting-clerks. On this morning Warrior, Misty Morn, all Mr. Pearson's string, Mr. Kyan's, Dan Morrison's, and some hurdle racers did their work, and amusing it was to hear the remarks of the fraternity who were there. ' Where is Hamlet f cries a hook-nosed son of Levi when Praitor and the Gem did a gallop without Hamlet. ''Gone to keep company with his father's ghost,' answers a witty cabman. ♦ lie never had a ghost of a chanco,' cries another: andthusthepunninggoesonagainstthePrinceof . Denmark till some other notable attracts notice. 'Here's Warrior,1 cries one, directing I my attention to a horse going in fine form, and j with an easy grand style of travelling. He ; looked all over a racer, and fit even then, a 1 fortnight before the Cup, to ran for a man's life. 'He is a good un,' said a quiet-loeking man. in a dark shabby suit with greasy hat; j 'he's a good un.' But in these cases you J never know when they are to go or not; i all depends on the money, and whether j it is on or not. On hearing this a stout I party, whom I had a few minutes before j heard warmly backing Warrior to run, or at j least for place, cries out, 'He aint no worse I than others, and when you can tell me which— : the Dog or the mare— is to win, then you can ! talk about Warrior and his owner.', 'Now approached a neat bay mare, going a' crushing pace, and pull ing double ! away from Contessa. 'Wild Briar,' cry TtU ! voices; ' she will make it hot for anything for , a mile or so;1 and certainly hor style and pace \ were first- class, and tho long race with Mermaid j showed her quality. Bylong now passes with. : his extraordinary lugh action, impressing you j with the idea that he can never travel fast, 1 though, from his size and strength, he might 1 far. One of Mr. Ryan's, Kingfisher, now comes i from the shed and goes once round, not irnpres- j sing the beholders; then the steeplechaser Monk ! goes a four miles well and strong, and after a ' few more loss thought of take a gallop, and 1 neither Tait nor Lang put in au appearance, * the crowd by-and-by .separate to refresh themselves with a nobbier at the Race- i course Hotel, and convey the news of ; the morning's trial to Melbourne, and by I a mixture of lies and truth create an impression ? in the rooms. 1 will invito the reader to no- j company me to these rooms, and endeavour to j portray a scene curious and ever changing. ! Ooydcr's and the yard, from 12 t-.- '?}, k during i the week befoie and the week of thy races tho scene where most of the betting is done. On the first morning ot my visit, j upon entering the room, I heard nothing- j but ' What's 'the price of the Do:.'.'' I want ! Hamlet and the Dog.' 'Can't la}' Sir, full.' i ' I want Miss -lessie and the Dos;.' * What can you i lay— 100 to I .' ? The Kinir and the Dog, 100 to i 4,' and so un. Nothing named f-jr the niuth ! event Dut tho Dog. Now, baring seen the Dog ; in May last, and noticed that he was very dickey j after his bad performance then, I could not i stand him, so contented myself with a long ! double or two, Miss Jessie ;m.l Romtna°, j hundreds to 3, always having hi my mind that I the .stalk horse was Rowula. Suddenly the I owner of llonmla appears with, as I think, ? Lord Eglintoun colours in his scarf, j and a run over Muiekly sained ground ' that our Adelaide horse kid doue a trial good ! enough to win with pounds to spare. More ' enquires about Lapdog. and he noes up from j 10 to 1. to S to 1, to »j to 3, until at lust only ! 4 to 1 could be sot. Some who were not ! afflicted by hydrophobia kept quiet, and i neither could nor would have it.' At 'all events, i the end wa-s answered, and the Dog .sat and ' ruled as Jim favourite, Komula close up, ; Pyrrhiw holding hi, ovu. and Cleolito ad- J vancing on the swen»th of a wonderful trial, ? which after events proved to have l-een a j myth, and circulate'! merely to set some monev 1 off. * - 'Nobbier after nobbier is taker., and .still tho S Babel of voices continue. Lapdos. Pyirhu?, 1 Mermaid, Ronmla. SahHin, the -Treat grey, and : others, and the ultimate winner 'not mentioned ! The Steeplechase is but little dealt with except 1 in doubles, and bts of business is done in that, i Unknown and 'lypo, Unknown and Narcisse, ! being much dealt in, the western ?entlemea 1 getting .jiiietly on Darkie, whom they knew f \ be hard to beat, and as the s*me! proved ther were correct. Such with little' variation is tie- j kind of meeting at (.oyder's for days preeedia*1 j the race, and theie you will «« all the notabilities ! of the ring— the great bookmaker and owner, J. \ Thomson; the renowned Bro-ney, whose romance ! of love and marriage has made him famous, his i partner in business; Brundis, the owner of the : great colt: Miller, Ooker, Stack. 1 5 oyder. and a i host of others. Time wonds on, aV.d about 3 \ o'clock the gentlemen who wanted sowethiu' 01 ; the race are all satiatied, and the room sets ; empty oi all its occupants, most of whom moot j again at the Prince of Wales at 10 o'clock, : when the same row is carried on. Fresh canards ! are set atioat, different odds quoted, horses i rushed up in the betting, and horses pushed out by want of being backed, and til! '2 or 3 in the morning this continues, until the time comes ! when all anticipations will be realized or di«- j appointed, and the Saturday before the first day i opens the ball with a grand programme. While \ such scenes as these are daily oceurrmg, Bourke- ! street, which holds most of die list-houses, is i thronged with men of all kinds, and one hears ! nothing but a comparison of the prices of the 1 doubles in the different list-houses. Sfcandra* j at one the following conversation was heard' by | the wiiter :— Horsey-looking countryman to, \ his friend— ; I ^ay, Joe, this ere house ai»t j as liberal as the one we saw v.p street, j They offered 50 to ».?.' Hamlet and Dos. j Tins ere cove has it n0 to 8. Friend — j ?You see, my pippin, ven you read that ! on yesterday ' Updo* had not done that j wonderful jallop, and, mark my word, to- ; morrow you won't get no hodds* at all 'gainst ! him: he will start at hevens.' Countryman— , j 1 Let us see what thebloke will lay.' [Enter.] f I \ mints Amlet and the Dog. ' ' Can't lay, Sir, full, j an the Dog. Any other oss with Amlet you ca» { ave.' j'Bxit,j Friend— « Now, my boy, I told} | you you lost a good* thing by ndt taking that era j louble ven I advised you. Veil, try some' other t shop.' For the sake of his money I hope he did qoc succeed, as neither horse 'ever had a fehoif, ffhcth«r from boiogmeaut'of uofc/Icauaotsay.' J 