COUNTRY NEWS. A SAD case of drowning occurred on Monday at Sandhurst. Mrs. Martin, residing at Little Ironbark Gully, the Advertiser relates, was sitting in her house nursing her baby, while at her feet played her son, an interesting little boy of two years old. Her husband, John Martin, a miner, had gone to his work. The little boy went outside the door to play, and was absent about five minutes, when the mother went outside to look for him, and the sight that met her eyes was the insensible body of her son in a waterhole close by, in which there was water 18 inches deep. He was quickly taken out, and efforts made to restore animation, but life had fled. THERE is nothing new (remarks the Star) to report about the escaped prisoners, Dermoody, Taylor, and Stapleton. The first is presumed to be alone, and the older ones down in the Western District still. The home police have been withdrawn from the pursuit, but the forces in the outstations are still on the quest. A SPECIAL meeting of the Water Supply Committee of the Sandhurst City Council was held on Monday afternoon for the purpose of opening tenders for the construction of a storage reservoir, and works connected therewith, at Robinson Crusoe Gully. A large number of tenders were received, the Advertiser states, from local men, as well as contractors from all parts of the colony. The lowest and moBt satisfactory tender was considered to be that of Messrs. Fishbourne and Morton, of Ballarat, at £20,376 15s. 10d., which was accepted, and the works are to be proceeded with immediately. THE board appointed to hold the inquiry into the state of the Ballarat gaol concluded taking evidence on Monday, and (says the Courier) drew up their report for submission to the Government. Mr. Todd, inspector of works for the Western district, was under examination for a short time, and tendered testimony similar to that given by Mr. James, the architect, as to the unsafe condition of the cell doors. The board, amongst other matters, recommended that iron doors should be substituted for those now in use leadingto the cells; thattwo wardersbeplaced on night duty in the corridor ; and that the existing communication between the corridor and the kitchen be cut off so effectually as to prevent prisoners, in making an attempt to escape, penetrating thereto and arming themselves with weapons. Considerable importance was attached to the evidence of Mr. Gaunt, P.M.; and the board, acting to a great extent upon his evidence, entirely exonerated the governor and officials of the gaol generally from any blame in connection with the escape of Scott and his companions. AT Belfast on Tuesday Charlotte Ward was acquitted on the charge of manslaughter in relation to Margaret Tompkins' confinement. Patrick O'Neill was found guilty of the manslaughterof George Gane, on the 29th April, in the Portland District. Deceased was a contractor. THE Pleasant Creek Chronicle says :— " Had any of Mr. Grant's traducers been present at the meeting of the Farmers' and Selectors' Association on Saturday, the fact of the Hon. Mr. Grant's undiminished popularity would have struck disagreeably on their mind. The meeting was unanimous in condemning the unfounded attacks upon the ex-Minister's integrity, and 'we have no hesitation in asserting that at the present moment the member for Avoca is the most popular man in Victoria." THB "Ghost" of the Police Offences Statute (says the Cfedong Advertiser) was roasted on Batesford Hill, to the comfort of the inhabitants and great amusement of the j uveniles of the village about midnight on Monday. Earlier in the night a grand musical procession was formed in the township ; in front were several bellringers, with huge bullock bells, followed by concertina players, while a numerous assemblage of kerosene-tin drummers followed in the rear. The " ghost" of the revoked statute occupied a central position, and was borne aloft on poles. It assumed the form of an individual, measuring over seven feet, dressed in sable garments, and tbe head made from a hollow pumpkin, lighted with a candle, with eyes and features neatly carved, and shoemakers' pegs for teeth, gave to the whole an absurd effect. For several hours the procession perambulated the township, creating q uite an uproar, and then retired to the hill, where a large bonfire having been kindled, the "ghost" was unceremoniously committed to the flames. AT Heathcote on Monday night a contractor named William Thompson had his leg frightfully smashed by the horse he was driving bolting, and running the dray against a tree. He died on Tuesday, while amputation was being performed. THE survey of the River Murray under tbe Government of New South Wales, which has been proceeding for about four years, has been completed from Albury to Wentworth, at the junction of the Darling, and shows the distance between those points to be 851 miles. The Bendigo Advertiser states that " this work will be of great value in enabling the Government to determine how far the river may be capable of improvement either for navigation or irrigation purposes." AT the recent annual meeting of the Ballarat German Association, the annual report was received and considered very satisfactory. The number of members on the roll is now 116. Mr. F. Miiller was re-elected president; Mr. E. R Homuth, vice-president ; Mr. Carl Becker, secretary ; Mr. Carl Franz, treasurer ; and Mr. H. Rathnow, hon. secretary. A committee of four was also appointed, namely, Messrs. R. Geilhofer, Joh. Meyer, Jacob Dulfer, and E. Booth. A GOOD specimen of the thoroughly colonialised Chinaman was summoned on Tuesday at the Daylesford Police Court for assaulting a countryman. Complainant (says the Mercury) deposed that on Friday defendant asked him to "shout," and because he (Ah Sook) declined to accept the hint, Ah Sam struck him with a stick, and threatened to prod him with a knife. A witness for the defence, however, swore that Ah Sook, before he was struck, caught up his shoes and hit Ah Sam. Under these circumstances, the Bench dismissed the complaint. Ah Sam, a remarkably large and powerful man for a Chinaman, is quite a bruiser. On a previous occasion he taught a European who insulted him a memorable lesson in the noble art of self-defence. IT is really wonderful (remarks the Kyneton Observer) what a magical effect a little gold will produce on the public mind. On Friday night shares in the Tommy Dodd Company could have been bought "for anything in the shape of coppers," as the shareholders express it. At midnight a reef, which was supposed to be the western reef was struck. The sharebrokers and the knowing ones scoured the town on foot on Saturday, rode over the country, and set all the wires at work wherever shares were to be bought up. Many who were suffering from that sickness produced by hope deferred, and who were not on the qui vive, parted with their shares for only a trifling consideration. The people are often caught napping. Men who are skilled in sharebuying don't wear their hearts upon their sleeves, or show their knowledge in their faces. They are pensive, child-like and bland. One of our speculators, who holds a large interest in the mine, was at Sandhurst. A friend telegraphed "Tommy Dodd struck the reef. Looks well. Mind yourself." He had barely read these words when another wire came, stating, "Can get id. for Dodds. Have an order for 200. Have you any to sell?" The answer, we believe, was wired—" Not for Joe." On Saturday night the shares that might have been got twenty-four hours before for 2d. each were worth from 12d. to 18d. each. AT a meeting of the " black line" committee, held on Monday, a letter was read from the Secretary of the Railways and Roads Department, stating " It was not the intention of the Government immiediately to submit new proposals to Parliament for railway extension, nor was the Government at present in a position to make a promise to the league such as it desires (the inclusion in the Government scheme of the proposed line from Geelong to Camperdown via Colac), although it was their intention to consider the claims for railway extension in the direction mentioned along with others of a like nature." WITH reference to the appointment and resignation of Mr. James Fowler as a J.P., it is well understood, in this district at least (remarks the Talbot Leader), that neither Mr. Fowler's apppointment or resignation had any political significance. He had been twice recommended some three years ago, and we think there are few who would not consider him well fitted for the position. It seems; however, that in conning the list of recommendations, the late Government appointed him without his knowledge, and although he appreciated the honour he did not consider his present business engagements would allow him sufficient time to devote to what he considers the faithful discharge of the duties devolvingupon a justice of the peace in such a wide and important district. It is quite unnecessary for the present Ministerial journals to make political capital out of so trivial a circumstanoe. THB warders and a number of the prisoners in the Geelong Gaol have recently been revaccinated. A VERY plucky act has been performed by a Chinamen (says the Ballarat Courier). A. child about six years of age was playing on the bank of the creek which crosses tbe main road near Mr. Tress's store, when it accidentally fell in. The water was running pretty high at the time, but without hesitating a moment, the Chinaman plunged in, and rescued the little one from what otherwise would have been certain death. THE works at the lakes' entrance (the Gipps Land Times reports) are progressing rapidly towards completion. We learn that it is expected the western groyne will be finished in about a month, when, under any circumstances, the water will be let through, and connection established between Reeves River and the ocean. Should a flood occur earlier, the work is now sufficiently advanced to allow advantage to be taken of it by opening the channel at once, It is anticipated that the eastern groyne will be finished in about two months, which, with some few extras, will complete all the works at present contracted for. A CORRESPONDENT of the Gipps Land Times residing at the Omeo, writes as follows respecting the Tichborne claimant:—"I beg to state that there is a man residing here, by trade a splitter, who lived with Arthur Orton, or De Castro, on the Boisdale run, for eighteen month, and who states that he knew him previous to that. From reliable information, I am convinced that he did live on Boisdale Station during the time that the claimant or alleged claimant lived there." . MR. KITCHINGHAM, of Taradale, has been lecturing on pyrites at Sandhurst. He alleges that at his works at Taradale he can utilise these. With a good supply of pyrites he promises to manufacture sulphur at £12 per ton. The imported article costs £25 per ton. Tbe Government have promised to convey the pyrites from Sandhurst to Taradale for a charge of 5s. per toe. THE police are engaged in making inquiries into the circumstances attending the death of a boy known as Jobn Trinder, who was shot at Busby Creek, between Melbourne and Lillydale, on the 5th inst. Apparently he was accidentally shot by another boy of the same family, but tbe boy at first said the deceased had shot himself, and then admitted that he let the gun off by accident. The jury at an inquest found that deceased died of gun-shot wounds inflicted by this boy, but whether by accident or malice they could not tell, as they placed no reliance on the evidence. THE value of property is rapidly increasing in Geelong. On Monday Mr. Page sold at his auction rooms the Olive Branch Hotel, Moorabool street, for £2650. This properly was valued a few years since at £1500. Another property in the immediate neighhood was also dealt with—the corner of Moorabool and Little Malop streets, having a frontage of 40 feet to tbe former. This property faces that of Bright and Hitchcock, the well-known drapers, and was leased to Messrs. Excell, Lonargan, and Co., for fourteen years, at £300 per annum, the lessees to erect a building of tbe value of £2000 at leaBt. THE whole of the valley of the Leigh, from Ballarat to its junction with the Barwon, is to be inspected by a Government officer, and the damage caused by the sludge overflowing the alluvial fiats in the valley reported upon. A LOCAL land board, consisting of Mr. H. B. Moore, assistant surveyor-general, Mr. M'Donald, president of the Shire of Ban- •ockburn, and Mr. S. A. Bryant, was held at the Leigh road on Tuesday, when between 500 and 600 acres of land situated in the parishes of Cargerie, Bomgonie, Wabdallah, Cook, Burghurk, Narmbool, Doroq, Carah, and Murgheboluc, and including portion of the Shelford town common,wererecommended for selection. THE hon. member for Castlemaine, Mr. Zeal, is a strong advocate for the enforcement of an absentee-tax, tbe proceeds derived from which be would appropriate towards the maintenance of charitable institutions throughout the colony. Tbe difficulty experienced hitherto in levying such a tax was that of defining who are absentees in the proper acceptation of the terra, but Mr. Zeal is of opinion that if a beginning is made the happy medium will be found, and that the Government is tbe proper party to introduce such a measure. Mr. Francis considers that something of the kind is wanting, but for the present session, at least, nothing can be done. THE Parupa correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes to that paper :—" I read in the papers some time ago that the grave of the late Mr. Moffatt, at Galle, was in a most dilapidated condition, there neither being a tombstone nor railing round it. I now hear that it is the intention of his relatives to have his remains removed, and re- interred at Hopkins Hill." ON Saturday last (says the Leader) Mr. Victor, of the Railway survey staff, visited Talbot for the purpose of conferring with the borough council in the matter of the site for the railway terminus. That body duly met, and with Mr. Victor visited several spots considered eligible. Finally, it was decided that the terminas should be at the rear of the Crescent, on the east side, and as nearly centrally situated as possible. THE Pleasant Creek •Chronicle, says:— " Our readers will be glad to -learn that Mr. R. Clarke, J.P., of Horsham, hat taken bis seat on the bench. So, it is to be hoped; ends the tumult whieh the appointment created'in certain righteous quarters, though it is a pity the.wrath and indication of Mr. Clarke's opponents, including that bright and sparkling luminary, Mr. MacBaLo, should have be'jn wasted," "A SOMEWHAT singular accident" (the BaUarat Courier s ays) "has occurred in Windermere street. A little girl, tbe daughter of Mr. Rainford, followed her mother into the yard behind their house, when a bantam cock flew into the child's face, and pecked one of her eyes completely out of the socket. The poor little thing is getting on as well as can be expected." A SUGGESTION has been made from Daylesford for incorporation in the bill for mining on private property. The Mercury states that the clause provides "for an adjustment of the amount of compensation to be paid to owners of private property for permission to cut water-races through their land for mining and domestic purposes. The exorbitant sums which holders of races are compelled to pay annually as compensation to land owners raDge in many instances as high as at the Tate of £2000 per acre. Many miners are deterred from working poor "rous landB by the high rate charged 1\. . neir supply of water. Another portion of the memorial urges a reduction in the amount of license fees paid annually for water rights." THE Cambrian Hill larrikins must outstrip in mischief their fellows elsewhere. At a concert recently given at that place, after breaking down the doors, the larrikins discharged a loaded pistol into the room amongst the audience, and followed this exploit by laying a train of powder round the building. Luckily the powder was too damp to ignite. A short time afterwards a yell was heard outside, and on some of the audience rushing out, a lad named Fredk. Smitl), eighteen years of age, was found to have been shot with a pistol handled by a boy named. Stewart. Tbe charge luckily consisted only of powder, or the boy must have been killed. Smith's leg, however, was severely injured. THE Ryneton Guardian1 writeB :—" It will be a grievous disappointment to our dairy farmers and others in this district to learn that the experiment made by the Kyneton Agricultural Association some six months ago to enconrage the preparation of butter for export has resulted most disoouragingly. In spite of the care taken in preparing and packing tbe 'butter, it arrived home in such bad condition that the gentlemen to whose critical judgment it was submitted, declined to attempt anything like a classification of quality, asserting that they bad known Australian butter on which no pains in packing was bestowed, come to hand in much better condition and quality. The butter was sold by auction on the 17th May, the highest price realised being 40s. 9d. per cwt. The other lots realised from 39s. 9d. to 40s. 6d." WE learn that Mr. Robert M'Dougall, the well-known shorthorn breeder, has sold, through Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., of this city, his famous prize bull, Robin Hood, to Mr. M. H. Devlin, of Oak Hill, Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, for the sum of 1000 guineas, tbe highest figure, we believe, ever paid for bull or cow in the Southern Hemisphere. MB. WBIXON addressed a meeting of his constituents on Saturday night at Belfast. His speech was principally on the subject of constitutional and electoral reform. THE proprietors of the Albion Woollen Cloth Factory, Geelong, are to be congratulated upon having gained a real success. By the last mail they received orders for tweeds from Messrs. Lewis, Sons, and Parker, of London, and from Mr. Pool, the celebrated tailor of Bond street. THE M. A. Mail writes :—" We have it on authority which leaves no room for doubt that tbe sudden disappearance of Mr. James Booty from Sandhurst has reference to defalcations on bis part with the firm in whose employ he was." MR. JOHN COLLINS, better known in Geelong as the political shoemaker, died at his place of business in Great Ryrie street, Geelong, on Saturday last. Tbe deceased was one of the initiators of the Protection league, and had taken part in most of the elections that have occurred in Geelong for the last eighteen years, whether parliamentary or municipal. Mr. Collins's shop was a favourite rendezvous for politicians. THE Yass Courier of 9th July says that a woman brought down by the coach from Gundagai in the custody of the police, along with another prisoner, and lodged in the gaol, bad a thick and lengthy beard one such as many men would be proud to possess. THE Creswick police recently thought that they had arrested Dermoody, the prisonbreaker. The Advertiser states that the description of tbe man before them tallied wonderfully with Dermoody down to the very barrel of the gun. On examining bis arm, however, for the " anchor of hope " (a mark on the arm of the gaol- breaker), it could not be found, and consequently he'was permitted to depart. THE Colac Observer states that "Mr. Tilley, of Ondit, has grown the fine crop of eighty tons of sugar beet from one acre and a half of land. Some half-dozen roots forwarded to Geelong averaged 30lb. weight." THE Coleraine Albion reports tbe death of a horse-breaker while attempting to cross the Glenelg River on horseback. The horse swam out, but the man was drowned. Two exceedingly juvenile burglars were arrested by the police in Geelong on Monday, and locked in tbe watchhouse. Their names are Thomas Cox and William John Brennan, their unite i ages being twelve years. They •were charged with house-breaking and sacrilege, they having feloniously broken into the little Bethel, in .Malop Btreet and taken away a quantity of Bibles and other books, -which they disposed of to a marine store dealer in the neighbourhood, FEW ploughing matches have been held under greater difficulties than waB that between Meredith and Cargarie. The Geelong Advertiser eays that several of the horses engaged were bogged, and had almost to be dug out, and the only comfortable public conveyance had one of itB swingletrees broken in the efforts of the horses to drag it from tbe scene of operations. THE Kilmore Guardian, 11th July, reports two fatal accidents. A boy named Forbes was killed by a tree falling on him, and a man named Nicholas Gannon, working on the railway at Tallarook, was thrown out of a spring cart and killed. A DEM) rat has been discovered in a stable at Daylesford. The discovery has been learned with some concern, Daylesford having hitherto enjoyed an immunity from rats. MR. CASEY was recently asked if the Thistle Statute could not be applied to the occupiers of pastoral lands rented from the Crown, and he replied that as the squatters are only temporary occupants till the land is taken up for tillage purposes, the squatters could not be expected to enter into expenditure for the extirpation of thistles the same as other settlers. THE Ballarat Post says that a man was recently discovered in a somewhat comical, but yet dangerous position, in close proximity to the shaft of the United Albion and Prince of Wales Gold-mining Company, Sebastopol. Tbe residents of the locality in which the claim is situated beard cries proceeding from the neighbourhood of tbe shaft, and a man was found imbedded up to the arm-pits in soft and sticky sludge. He was totally unable to move either hand or foot, and began screaming lustily. It was some time before any one could be found who would venture into the sludge to save the unfortunate. At last a plucky young fellow named Garratt Scanlin stripped and waded through tbe sludge and reached the seemingly doomed man, who by this time was exhausted by his fruitless struggles to free himself. In reply to Scanlin's questions he said he could not move, the more he struggled the further he sank in sludge. Scanlin dared not approach too close to the man, but at length be managed to clutch hold of bis hand, and succeeded, by almost superhuman force, in dragging him out of the predicament, and out of the jaws of death. AT a meeting of tbe Stawell Farmers' and Selectors' Association on Saturday afternoon, resolutions, expressing sympathy with Mr. Grant and unimpaired confidence in his inegrity, were unanimously carried. The new Amending Land Bill was approved of. THE reef was struck in the drive at the 00ft. level in the Crown Cross Reef Comany's mine, Stawell, on Monday. The stone is rich, and is estimated to yield as high as 2oz. to the ton. A PAYABLE lead at a "depth of 198ft. has been discovered at Bright, in the Beechworth district. The prospect from the auger bore of 2gr. is considered payable. There is a width of 400ft. AT the Belfast Circuit Court on Monday, before Mr. Justice Barry, James Harris was found guilty of forgery and uttering cheques. Tbe prisoner had been previously a paymaster's clerk in the Royal Navy. The crime bad been committed through drink. Sentence was deferred. THE telegraph to Wilson's Promontory will soon be completed. The steamer Murray last week called at the Promontory, and the telegraph constructors were there, having come through for stores and wire. Their statement was that the work would be finished in a very short time. THE heathen Chinee are adepts at all kinds of tricks, from card-sharping and gold- Bwindling up to personating electors. The Federal. Standard states, respecting the recent Murray district election, that "there are rumours that six Chinamen were taken on the day of election by a well-known storekeeper to personate six other Chinamen at the polling place near Cornish Town, and to vote for Orr. 'Afterwards the six bona fide Chinamen appeared upon the scene, and were also allowed to vote for Mr. Orr." "A coAL-MfiJWG company," the Bendigo Advertiser states, " is about to be formed at Sandhurst, or at least the attempt will be made. The locality of the mine to be worked is in the Western Port district, and the discoverer has spent a considerable amount of money and time in prospecting. The following are the results :—Close to tbe surface a seam 22in. thick was discovered at 137ft. deep, another of 18in. was bored through ; and one 32in. at a depth of 206ft. from surface. We may state that the preliminary steps to form the company will shortly be taken, and due publicity given. The discoverer, in writing to a gentleman resident here, gives full particulars of the strata passed through in' boring." IN consequence of tbe subsidence of the puddle- wall on the Stoney Creek Reservoir, we learn that it has been resolved to sink one or two shafts through it with the view of ascertaining the cause. Mr. Dobson, C.E., has been at Stoney Creek for the last 10 days, .preparing the necessary surveys for laying down the pipes to be used in lieu of tbe present open aqueduct. AT bis meeting in Belfast on Saturday night, Mr. Wrixon spoke deprecatingly of our present system of payment of members. Mr. Cope, the member for Normanby, is arrayed more determinately than Mr. Wrixon against it. The Portland correspondent of the Coleraine Albion, 12th July, writes :— "The member for Normanby paid Portland a fiying visit last week, so as to post himself np a little before Parliament meets. From Mr. Cope's deliveranoes it would appear that he does not believe in being a mere delegate to his constituents; having accepted the responsibilities of the representation of Normanby, he is prepared to take all the consequences of his actions in Parliament, even at the risk of losing £300 a year ; and he IB also prepared on the first opportunity to vote against the Payment of Members Act. 