NOTES OJf TREIKHO. (From our Travelling Bcportor.) CLEVELAND. On Hie main road aUout Uo-lf way bo twecn Cleveland and the Forest Hotel, part of a culvert has givon way, aud to invent anyone from falliug into it. the mle has been filled up witli large stones find a long limb of a tree placed in It to denote danger; the same presenting a wry bad appearing!, and considering the traffic there is on this toad, turf Iy tbe Government are not so hard up hut' vbat ttiey could take immediate »!-?p to repair any p|«o-rs like this, especially as thoy bave toll-gates on then). There have been sej era) petty robberies in this neighborhood lately but Mic perpe trators still remain undiscovered. CA11PBRIX TOWN. On Tuesday afternoon, November 6, a violent thunderstorm passod over here, accompanied with very heavy rain — the heaviest that has occurred here for some time past A tradesman's invitation ball wai held on Tuesday evening at Englcbort's As sembly Hooms, when about thirty couples, real lovers or the light fantastic toe, as awnbled, tai iept i!m- dancing op with such spirit that the sun had to shins t-epy brighny into tile room ere they pobld be psrsuaieditWaBtitnetogobome. Messra. itoberti1 airing bawl oooupied Ihe orchestra. Bverytiung puwd off' ?re«, all the arrangements being complete, and rcftaBbd jp»4- credit on the stewards, who in a tvrr praiseworthy manner subscribed tho required amount to defray the neoe «? aary etpenaes, and issued fnrjtallons to their friends both far and near. On Wednesday evening, November 8, the Ctappbell Town Amateur Dmmatl Club Kate ah entertainment at Englobert'i Assembly Jloome, in »id of the newly fajnei#on|tryM,d'Pog JiQciety. The member* W erwUrf « wry. fte&r; £(*, wilh« JOT pf foot lights, and bright MWlitsarttuufuupsiup lie purpose of ! ja'Ji. ,ill''iV VIVNVK. ? the eombro _rrcen baize. Aflora spirited ' overture performed by lloasrs. Boberts' string band, tho curtain rose for tho performance to commence with the comedy of ' Paul Pry.' The charac ters were all very fairly represented, but some of the young men would do welt to study a little more their make up. The loading character, 'Paul Pry,' found an admirable representative in Mr F. A. Padfield, and lie kept lho audience in roars with his ' I hope I don't intrude,' ' I'll never do another good naturud thing,' ' 1 11 nover interfere, it's no butii ness of miue,' &c.; Although bo re peatedly asserted it was no business of bis, with the assistance of the liltlo gimlet (about half-an-inch bore) which he always carriod, be managed to find out a great deal about his neighbois. His brought him to great grief, for being compelled lo -ly from Tankard (Mr W. A. Thompson), landlord of tho inn, which was the. main centre of all his dis coveries, he took refuge in a 1)01, which contained fireworks, and having been seen by Billy (Mr B. Palliser), .errant to Tankard, that worthy, after having vainly tried on soverol occasions to eject Mr Paul Pry from the inn, dotermined to Bettle him when caught in tbo box, and therefore tried the effect of a light among tho fireworks. Old Button (Mr K. Englobcrt), looked very much like a fierce vindictive old man, and Mr H. Englebert was well got up as Sir Spsneicdil Rainbow. Ho how ever would do a great deal better if he did not nay quite so much attention to his luxuriant Dundreary whiskers i Captain Hassleton (Mr J. Bcrgan), Pomade (Mr F. Kearney), and the Bailiff (Mr T. Evans) wcro all vory fairly repre sented. Mr a. Power, as Crimp, win fairly irresistible, and appeared to bo qnito at borne in pclticaits, and fully con versant with all tho little urts so neces sary for a lady's maid. Miss Laura (Mr W. Thomson) although very nicely got up, has rather too masculine a voice for personating ono of tho fair sev. This was followed by Mr F. Kearney singing ' Sauey Nell/andon being encored sub stituted ' Tlie Big Suuflowcr,' both of which wero very well ronflered. Mr A. Thomson nong ' When there's a will there's a way.' Mr B. .Palliser then cave that touching song, ' Driven from Home,'' and this brought the first part to a closo. The performance concluded with ilia laughable farce of 'A Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost in Spite of Him self.' The characters were Dieodemus (Mr E. KngU'bert), Squiro AUwiukle (Mr L. Bergon), Paul (Mrll. Englehert), Dickory(Jfr P. A. PaJfleldl. Captain Vauuliiigton (Mr A. Thomson), Livinin (Mr G. Power), Georfiinna Aldwiukle (Mr W. Thomson). The whole of the performers were well up in their parts, and the piuco rnu smoothly to ttic- cud. There was a Inrgc attendance, and no doubt the fund* of Ihe society irili be greatly benefited. 