THEATRE ROAAL. On Saturday evening two pieces were placed on the stage of the Boyal. The first was a pleasant little comedietta, entitled "Nine Points of the Law,'' the chief character being Mrs. Smylie, a charming widow, full of native ! wit and with a magnificent talent for bam boozling. Her aunt has gone the way of all flesh, and left her in the possession of a delight ful residence and grounds, but through some disagreement had inserted a codicil to her will, revoking her bequest of the property to her niece, and one Ironside—a hard, gruff man— became the rightful owner, and asserted his claims. The widow's niece, Katie Mapleson, has for a lover John Britton, a limb of the law, who offers to [conduct the cause of his mother in-law, but our fair friend has a wholesome dread of the law and lawyers, and resolves to confront the • enemy .herself. Accordingly she meets Ironside, and turns on the water at a great pressure, and softens the foundations of his resolution till he flies from the danger he sees impending, asd sends his attorney, Cun ninghame to renew the contest. Upon this foe the heroine opens fresh batteries. She first, having crammed for the occasion, astonishes him hy her legal knowledge and acumen, and then, leaving the dry points of the law, becomes lan guishing and sentimental, till the man of parch ment, bewildered and conquered, proves faithless to his trust, and < ffers to sell his client's interest. When next the charmer meets the claimant she exposes the perfidy of his lawyer, and plays off her coquettish arts, appealing frequently to her forlorn unprotected state so touchingly that the old man is overcome, and allows her to remain in the property till the end of the quarter. She contrives also to speak kindly of Ironside behind his back, and to get her complimentary expres sions repeated to him, till in a state of ecstacy, he executes a deed, conveying cottage and grounds to the irresistible widow. There is another personage who figures extensively in the play, and that is the dashing, free and easy, voluble Kodomont Kollingstone, with a bound less faith in his own powers over female suscep tibilities. He makes desperate love to the widow, conveying his protestations in sometimes gorgeous, sometimes grotesque, and always ex travagant language. He professes to have been a great traveller, and talks glibly of Fiji, the Cannibal Islands, Mexico, and other wild regions, where men carry their lives in their hands. His figures and illustrations draw a rich coloring from this varied experience, so that his love speeches are a happy compound of Plum per, Jingle, Fenimore Cooper, and a South Sea Island missionary. Mrs. Smylie treats him alternately with flirtation and banter, till he cannot make up his mind whether he is the hap piest of men, or is simply a butt for the wit and raillery of his admired one. At last she dis covers the mercenary character of his suit, and accepts the hand of old Ironeside, Mrs. Glad stone threw herself with abandon into the part of the widow, and was equally amusing when in dulging in raillery at the expense of Roliingstone, humbugging poor old Ironside, or bewitching his attorney. It was throughout a sprightly and natural piece of acting, never marred by any thing like mannerism, unless we except the pro nunciation of "kind " as " keyind." This is so proverbially common an error on the stage that it is passing strange any one wishing to avoid the appearance of staginess can ever fall into such a mistake. Mr. McGowan did justice to the part of Ironside, the matter-of-fact and common place claimant. Mr. Carden was lively and amusing as Roliingstone, though sometimes showing a want of suppleness of voice and manner. He is too loud for wooing ; the plead ings of a lover are usually in more subdued and plaintive tones. Mr. Carden, however, showed a fair appreciation of the humor of the text. Miss Sutherland did duty as the niece, and Mrs. Vernon appeared as Sarah Jane, the waiting-maid, whose principal duty was to curtsey, or ratherjbob absurdly. The attorneys we e represented by Mr. Munro and Mr. Daniels. The piece passed off merrily, and called forth great laughter and applause. The " Corsican Brothers " followed, Mr. Carden re presenting the two Franchis tolerably, though his portraiture of Fabien scarcely gave the idea of the youthful Corsican with the bright ness and elasticity of mien and movement natural to one pursuing pleasure only among his native mountains. Both brothers had an unhappy time of it, but their manner might properly have been lit up with some rays of sun shine in the earlier passages of their shares in the drama. Mr. O'Brien was too heavy as Chateau Renaud, gay, fashionable, and self-possessed libertines not being exactly iu his line. In the final scenes he was more at home, and the com bat was well acted on both sides. Montgiron found a fair representative in Mr. Anderson, though he was too smiling when even the most frivolous might have seen cause to be serious. Mr. Leonard acted the part of Martelli well enough, and Messrs. Daniels and McGowan as Orlandi and Colonua, Corsicans settling their differences hy the transfer of the white fowl, were diverting. Miss Cooper spoiled Emilie Delasparre by beiug so badly up iu her part. Mrs. McGowan was quite herself in her efforts to represent Madame dei Franchi. The three ladies in the ball scene were squeaky, and we should be inclined to imagine not much like reality. The piece was well mounted, and the visions and real tragedies admirably exhibited, the duel scenes calling forth immense applause. Mr. Munro acted the ghost with good effect. To-night "Lost in London," a play which has created an immense sensation elsewhere, will be produced. The spectacular arrangements for this drama are, we believe, on a great scale, and the plot and incidents are of a most exciting character. 