THE TRAVELLER. OVEE THE FILLS AND OUT OH THE OCEAK. BEIKG AN ACCOUNT OF SOUS DANGEROUS EX PEDITIONS IX A ROB ROR CANOE, JUT N.Z., IN SEABCH OF GOLD. BT F. R. G. S. [ (CONCLUDED.) We most have been tired, for when Tom j awoke first, it was bright sunlight, and my watch showed 7 o'clock. So wo first turned out, and next tamed to to light the fire, and pnt on the inevitable " billy," and then stripped, and had a plunge in the clear, cold water. Thereafter we breakfasted on fried bacon and chocolate, and about 9 a.m. we started in the now empty canoes, with some lanch on board, and taking oar pick, shovel, and tin dish, for the bead of the fastening up oar stores in the tent for fear of pigs getting at them. How light the canoes seemed now with all their cargo on shore. As there was a nice little breeze from the sea we hoisted sail, and (keeping a sharp look oat for "snags") we ran away from oar camp at the rate of eight mites an hoar. The lagoon was longer tfiM we at first thought, for after travelling op It about five «"»'*, it took a sudden , boid, and disclosed fresh beauties of scenery. Owing to our now landlocked position, the , sea breeze failed as, so we dowsed sails, and went on with the paddle. The.hills were, reflected in the smooth water like a mirror, mmI so dear was the reflection thatit was. hard in some places to tell where reality left off, and imitation began. Birds of g&ady; phimsge flew from branch to branch, with wild cries, as we two intruders broke sud denly in upon their solitude, and the measured beat of the two paddles was the only thing that broke the Bm<x>th surface of the water. After about two miles of this work file lagoon narrowed suddenly and shallowed, so that locking down below as we conld see the shells and pebbles reflecting hack the bright light of the morning son, and here and there a great conger eel, neady as long as oar boats, glided along the bottom beneath us, as the unwonted shadow of oar canoes came -between it and the light. Boon oar waterspaoe narrowed to the width of a small rivulet, and many a huge rack beneath the surface we nearly grazed, as we paased over them. The trees now arched completely over oar heads, and we wen going down, an avenue of diff and' &nsh; in deepshadow.- In the trees above as were the nests of shags, oat of which won dering long necks protruded, surmouated bf anxious pairs of eyes, watching as, A distant Doom, constantly kept up, Iwpnr to fall npon oar ears, and It was evident we were approaching the waterfall, i The stream, too, ran swifter inthis narrow channel than in the broad lagoon, and we < fooad oar progress much impeded thereby. I In another quarter of en hoar the noiseof the i falling .wain is like the crash of tharider, and we have to come alongside of one i another, and shoat to make oasMtra heard. Suddenly we round la ootner^and the cata ract in all its magnifioenoe, basts aMn oar enraptared vision! Over a hundred feet up. tihte wall of water leaves the shade, and afciaarlifce banished silver in the vanlight, forDeariy another hundred, from where it tumbles over a rod% ledge. The roar was i terrific, and right ahead of bs was a ngular j whirlpool earned by the fall of water, which i WM toffioient to have tucked down larger! bbdfas than 4»r frail eanOea, and as it -tras evident that oar water travels iters at an < end, we looked oat for a landingplaoe. We: aorofoand oi>a. and gafBgashaai; wemade : Jtfee boats eaeanly fast bytheirpafanten to limbs of trees, and patting on otttb^pta, and ^hocUtoringourptck, &q;, wcoomTnapped the aaoentof the bank ' iMbote na. Boon, the interveniM sliffsnad twespartiyshutout feOHoardeafened wrstheerasirtn* thunder of Ae tMu npon toiu of fsWngwaier, and -'ttteeed If to a deadened, inferr CflptoL so thafcwe ooold againhear eacfrothe^s nfaa c43et>tfng tD the top oTtto fata we efcagit a '^Un^tf^ ^jte^ttaA ^ whidi we had "^^l^I remarkei /'we are the Chris tophm Cafambases of this drean radon ] We Wtshrtstea this river! 1^ vote " that it henoeforth be. known to all total ' the: name of the ^^y*7 ... beit!" wastheveply, andhea It does looklike the Devil s Gully, to make It «||aev>' WW 'moat attiUi Mte, bstiumsana* j W« AUlt >to tak»*U v««4n get out of H with us in the canoes. We shall have t> bury it, and come for it in a boat Which bank shall we millionaires patronise V Tom, whose face, as he had placed the dust eatery lraidealittle wash»teatherparte, ia hu breast, had been radiant with smiles, now of a sadden looked suspicions and ami oils, as he quickly stood Bp, and gazad op the moon* tain s sida " Wind's shifted; he said abruptly, "look ap there!" 1 >""«»« that the clouds had acc&muiatea; m dark lowering «po#goi strand the summit, and tad already obscured the snowy top. They were increasing fast in density, and now came rolling down towards u8, moaning soand began to be heard afar off, and the cops of the trees began to be agitated. In a few minutes the light of the ran wMohscured, and heavy drops attain began to falL "Quick!" said I, .« the canoes-before it is too late. We oa& easily find tills pool agtin." "New*!» replied ftm, as we dipped tambled down the steep track, "Never! There its been Bate enough for the last few months-waiting for some one to come and dean it out, but this storm will wash it all away, and our chance is lost! Oh, why, why aid we waste the precious hours in Totaranui?" And he ended with a brief and half uttered malediction, as his foot slipped, and he turned a summersault, that I thought at the time would have broken his neck. However, we managed to get down at last, and into the canoes, which we found pulling and tugging with all their migbt against their painters, for already the waterfall had increased in strength, and there was quite a "fresh" on. Looking back up the track we had just come down, we saw we had not been a moment too soon, foe already the foaming water was pouring down it after us. It . was a work of some tronble and danger to get into our ticklish crafts in that foaming water, but once seated firmly, paddle in hand, we simul taneously let go our painter^ and shot out like arrows from bows right into the centre of the furious stream, now running fully 12 miles an honr. All that was needful was to keep the paddle in the water, used a8 a "steer-oar!" Then it came down, upon us from the heavens, like a waterspout, (for we had mot in a few minutes out of the gloomy avenue, and were Boon rashing out on the open lagoon), crashing on our frail decks as if it would stave th*T in, and enveloping us in a perfect cloud of falling water, so that while it luted in all its fury, we could not see even the prow of oar respective canoes, but were sitting bent down to it, to protectour faces. We were in this attitude, and the gloomy avenue was just passed, when from behind us, "Bounding high above the ibar of the now distant waterfail, and thehissingof the rain and hail around us, came an awful sound, hslf-shnek and half-yell, dying away in a I wail I We. drew dose together, anil peered j mto each other's faces. Again came the I shrill melanchoily and fearful setind, dying I a*ay as before^ and then at once all was wuet Therein stopped suddenly, and there was only the distant boom of the cataract, mm* the hurried rush of the waters that were us otradly seaward 1 That sound \- --anything we had ever heard! A wund onoe heard not to be forgotten in one's lifetime. Something unearthly about it! I thought with a shudder, it was as if a shriek of despairing agony had reached us from the bottomless nit! Tom was the fiat who recovered himself, and he took a mine pro* saieviewof it. i "JStherthe mo* itself, or the traditionary i fiend that guards the gold I" was his npnark. Here the rain recommenced with extra fury.so we paddled back to camp/wet, hungry, ^disappointed, and wnt^agT The J**®!, when we got home," was fully three feet higher than when we had leftin the mozning, but the tent was fully 10ft, above it we felt we were secure from a flood. Wehauled up the canoes, and proceeded to i strengthen the tent with extra rope* andLnow we found the advantage of our position, sheltered by the bush, STh^idiff, ap2H3» sandbank, tor that night it blew a fearful gale. andwA*st»nd or a ropeyam of our *£22®"fit1 clothes, and "tamed m"heneath the 'possum, ?, hayiqgputondryenea. Afire wasnut of the \- «e content*! ourselves ijith a>Ai jiMMMwiia M.»iM p«i pealed tod«?^,AUi^»kenKth of the ©laments sewued let looaew wild devattettocLrln the midst ot which, after a shock <Usou«ioaai to lime two awful and \- - * w m»SS$rrmSeT \- IMnted to ftp aagadous^ jwr hurjy.wrhad ieft mhI had been for. vw waBe »w^SKr^^rS^awmi£ The4ajdight next day was dow in coming; It was after eix beteel eouidmake aaHhe time tythe hands of my watdu Tom still doaed, ao IlaytflUevcw, listening to thenar nc,r #»?* theoanvas had ^ HuiiiwMg w bwmuJ to'sire^Tw discern the seas that she was constantly taking over her, burying her from our sight at times, as she slowly forced ahead through _ the nee thing mass 0f water, fit emblem of the mighty power of steam ! No one '6ould have lived on her storm-washed decks. Doubtless she was closely batfened down, for we saw the port quarter-boat was gone, and its falls trailed in the wind againat the leaden sky, and only two tiny specks high up on the bridge showed where the captain and steersman were doubt less managing the wheel between them lashed to it. The black masses of smoke that flew rapidly away to leeward showed how she was coaling op to get round the corner and at last she slowly worked her way round the opposite cliff and disappeared, leaving only a straight oolurim of smoke, drawn across the sky like a black blot. "If she gets to Totaranui she's safe," said I, " and there'll be another customer for eggs but she's got all her work chalked oat before she gets there!" lam sorry to say that the very mention of Totaranui brought several expletives from my mate, who now looked upon our delightful stay there as a sore and certain loss of several hundred pounds, but as our billy mast by this time have nearly boiled itoelf away while we had been watching the steamer, we both fan down to breakfast Then was a temporary lull, so we fried some bacon and cheese, with plenty of mustard and pepper, and with that and a scalding billyful of tea, we made a hearty meal, not before It was wanted. Nothing could be done that day, it was evident but grease our boots, clean the pistol, read a little, talk a good deal, ditto smoke, and overhawl the canoes to see if they showed any signs of strain or 1b»vVpp but they were as tight as bottles. AH exercise was needful, we both, in theaftemoon, stripped to a pair of pants (to keep our shirts dry), and took vigorous walking exercise along the sandepit, with (in some places) the froth rolling about our feet, and with the rain beating on our bare and smarting dins, till we were tired, and returned to shelter for a good towelling and dress, and then we were all a glow, just like the delightful feeling after a Turkish bath, and were ready for soup, made in a few seconds with Liebig's essence of beef, and pease powder mixed with it After which, and another discussion about those unearthly yells, we turned in. For three more days oar camp life never varied. Light the fire; breakfast; hunt for and chop firewood; rest; brisk exercise in the heavy rain; tea; smoke; and bed. Daring mil this time the lagoon continued to rise steadily, about a foot a day at high water, at which time the water was brackish, owing to the sea outside being the same height, and forcing back the swollen waters of the river. At low I water the river held its own again, and con tinued its rush out into the bay. At high water we were only six feet above the lagoon for about an hoar, twice in the 24 hears, and i had it happened during that gale to have been "springhaee"instead of "neap,''we should doubtless have had the water into our tent, and should have had to take to roosting in .trees. On the fourth morning the wind had abated, the sea somewhat gone down, and the rain having entirely ceased, the autumn j son cnce more gave us the light of his coun tenance, and an omorttuiitT of drying bur damp, clothes. Nothing, I verily brieve, but a lew drops of chlorodyne, taken judiciously from time to time, prevented us from sowing the seeds of rheumitfbth for the rest of our natural Hve*. In fiCBt wehad pat off our start till too late ni the year, and the fine antumn weather Jj® had enjoyed so long now begiittbg. to break up and for winner. The mornings and jH)6f" were .getting too chilly tofbe piefeMt for vtinping oat» and I, too, iegrotted the pfodooi days wasted at TotaranoL As th* flood, to the Iftgdoa gradually receded, otar waiting space became enlarged, and Tomftioeeeded, by load&ig; one of the chambers of the revolver with shot, in shooting two tineYOft docks out of a flock, as they sat on &6*ater, which he did by o&upatitarlot; rn pnd the tredi'ttbu was most aooeptaMe, although #e h*a no stuffing, and twoHOttfygriD, JErjy «* boil thein.TwbOafatAfeiwana the Ma trit quiet enough for. the ttaobfts,- *> we wfcntout in them iffltbMr ft&ing; lines, and making fait withoqHMiiUiis tothe reef at tow water, we baitcd %tt« maiMls, and caoghtabove a dogenwwaVfta^oiiegood^iatf ktoiwyr that IcoulptlorieedIniptaiiilothe canoe, be 'Iris too big aadfris*y(beii>g abdst Mb. vol jamped^ to the re^ jmd SQQfa JjMried ^ g^^mep?toe, « uttie' them, we a»ereaft^ hj3flsh flu* if wtoibSt lltae -T had no right to wfllgrowI^itUi itafflli , gone down,and the! boon a if oonelvtt . bottle No. l'(P. B.)fan revolver. bat, jfla* ? wit vbonee niqrb jdfSiSCH Wtfl?) "WMppMNBi^r bot that fm UwawHnssirtAgpart of ft «? If the tfermaa's pig hitf ' squeaked, or we bad seen oilr ghost, br moa, or whatever had < caused those appallihg sounds, there would have seemed more probability in oar story Bat who would beifeve usnOff ? As they said to the Germans, " you weref tightened at a shadow, ' BO of coarse we kite* they would tell us we had been stared by the scream of a sea guIL However, we knew better I In the meantime we made fast the cfcnoes, as before, sad scrambled ashore, drew on oar1 boots, and Clambered up on to the tedge. We found oar watercourse path nbw greasy and slippery, and eoiUiderably more dnficultof access than it had been a few day* previously. Aft last we reached the' plattea whert our pool-our hoped for "bank,"faad bM. I say advisedly badbeen, for there watt no* not a vestige of ft left, tot eron enough to s#o«r by J To our dismay, we found it had been blended into anotberchatmel during the rush of water, and all traces of It hM beeh taketi away. We found the ' pick Jammed 'between two - stones, but the shOvel hfcd V^nishX aad the tin washing dish had, no dbubt, fonfc since careered joyously oat to -sea. Pot several boon we picked fossicked and explored, above, below, and all over the plateau wl scraped out & hole tfnd triedYor the colour as well as we could,in my cabbage-tree-bat. but deuce a specMid we find. In fact we found ft a bad spec altogether. Theeohtenfcs of our a^riferoos i»olhad "made tracks" durim? theflood, and''where, and oh! where" should we find another ? u We sat; down to lunch, With anything but £leasure depicted in our countenances! To oae's grasp, yet that it *$!2££S?fa>«.». MstiU we decided we 8"e 80. after along nip and a strong mp, and-a "nip" both together (alasI it proved our last nip during this expwiitioit as will be seen, although i still at that time snugly reposed in the tetft), we decided thatwe would once mow take to the canoes, explore the lagoon, and /try our fortune fcTperK® the bed of some other watercourse. SlowJc we moved down the "Styx," and bitterly we execrated the horrid flood that seemed to tSSUT *" MPM" wIS S Six and six pen'orth of gold dust! when tj}eTm%8t hmJ.f *"e.n hundreds and hundreds w°rth, lying at the bottom of that abominable hole before it was swept away ' As we reached the entrance of the lagoon. ^ fel ny «5"oe.roan<i. broadside otTand looked up the dreary, black avenue «£» reverberating with the sepulchral boom of toe giant cascade in thedistanoe. "Oh. »rui thrice accused placeI^couM nothX "May storms S you .S alt«ethw and may aU who succeri SKttbSj r *. * M fe>tw*t.*'Pa*d reflect back upon the one who u uL as in defiance, I find off one chamber up the gloomy gorge, saying, >' Now ^riek and yell jf you like. " The «ttgk; af thejputQl rfr echoed from cliff to crag in Bharo reverberations, now seeming to «««-? for a Becond, and then fresh rocks taking no Marine.11 *?d. °*nying Hon, out of {"?j* * *h<»Ie regiment of sharp. SSwS'ST .»«*» <»> l»U, "That'llroose 1dm out!" ?»" TVwn. (»«. u didn't We waited ftTJUffffififSLS then continued our voyage of exolmnUion goug np creeks, and piwpe&R; Jdff & sand, In «arth amid spStqawt? faSSfa!? tojalleyvin the tmsh^ln^JpwJ^riS the mne UUuccess. We foiK JT? the colour. Jut JM. litgto okced iL m went on board agate,- disheartened, and diugpointed, and prooeeded to noma Home 1 fcowsre hated the nt Sfe£S£SSi£& *25*S bijMmmot thh efo|hee| *hd a VMWWtakd wd, " Jifc. |l!Ziwo «aaoe8, and sticking his great' back finhigh out of the water.prooeeSed to ogle ub out of his littlepig's eyna. Wehadseenlots of sharks before, bat they had been compara-, favely small specimens, and had respectfully kept their distance. There was something i JBpleasantly novel about this chap, add wo 5» he-meant mischief. I had no time, to look at Tom, bat I know that my -teeth chattered together like castauettes, as I drew the revolver out from under the waterproof cover over my knees, and let go the halyards <£«/ sail# which came down like a flash on j the deck, and rather appeared for a moment to disconcert the monster. .Tom now shdt ahead under sail, but the brute stack to me. All at once, a bright thought struck me. I was nearly stationary how, and the wretch was closing in upon me. The next -minute , he would be belly up, dnderneath mei ' scrunching the canoe between his horrid jaws, aud i weli knew, then what a horrible death awaited pie, so cocking the pistol, I grasped the paddle with my left hand, and seizing my cabbage-tr^e with my pistol hand, I threw it in within two feet of me on the surface of the water. Just as I thought he would, in a second he. was on his back, with his horrid jaws extended, just at the edge of the water, then .out of water, to seize the hat, when,. quicker than it takes me to write it, or you to read. it, be had three good-sized ballets down his throat and into his brain, and then dropping the pistol on my knees, I seized the paddle .with, both hands and shot Ahead to - get out of the way of his. tail, which iu tu>1 dying struggles was lashing the water wildly* t Directly l felt I WAS out of danger I tamed deadly sick and faint, and I was in quite as much danger next minute from drowning as. I had previously been of being eaten alive. However, Tom, .who had lowered his sail directly he had got out of. the way of a chance ballet, in two Btrokes of bis paddle was alongside of me, and grasping both canoes by their hatchways with nis sinewy hands, made them as safe as one broad boat, and I leant upon him till the sickness passed off. A few drops of cblorodyne soon restored me, and by i the time Tom ixad picked up my hat and paddle (which latter I had dropped) 1 was ready for a start again. Bat we had both been so startled, that, as it was now past, noon, we decided to go inshore again, and land |or lunch and a rest. We .left the monster, dead as * door nail, floating on his back with lots of hungry sea birds hovering -over him.: Ugh! I shudder at the very reppUec&Hi;*; Tom «nd I were very silent daring oar two miles paddle ashore. The imminent danger we had both been in appeared to have moused ether feelings in both oar hearts than we had indulged in lately. The flood in the creek, and the loss of the P.B., both of which had seemed so important at the time, now sank into Jitter insignificance when suddenly contrasted with the horrors of a .violent death, and when we reached the strand, -as we were Englishmen, > we-merely, wrung one another's hands in silence, 'and. each: understood .what the other meant; probably, had , we been Frenchmen or Italians, we should have embraoed iranti cally, cried hysterically, and rhapfcodiwd tilt dark about our bravery, which, by the bye, never existed at all, bat as we were -ohlj oolobial Britons, we speedily fell to work refresh the inner man (one British fashion), and felt considerably better after it, and then,' as we had no time to lose, onoe more packfed np, and- started again within the hoar. It 'was nightfall when we reached Astro labe,and seeing a light on Adfele Island lite/ and none on the mainland, we 1 straight for it, and soon anutober ot : forms between as And the fin^ standing od the tend, answered ear oo-o-ey, and {the moOn not being np yet) We suddenly paddled out of aarkneta into the light of their fire, and great was the astomshmeht of all 'the rough quarrymen when we; jumped ashore; ' apparently oat of nothing in par ticular, and dragged oar " nothings" above high watef mark. It would be wparisome hetei meats and their' ofthemlMlieved Intuit believe we had coMefrtmT6tafcanui,bat whert the dedoe we *mld hiW^rant from them. We Mjcept Hltft"'fai bar would hav#' had $owiltfa&;i for their tau^enftfi&a;, vinbed they andfcottoya: Theni ITankee Oft their unbelief .bom. We actually ~'^tfied akl%rti.,#en,' » they irian con-, 6, sea-gotiig boats,. '.hearted feUows iveosa ware, ttrtukh it this night rbresk. all breakfast. bondled tu into their vrarf, and m^de tts a; welcome s* If we had been two princes (and, I dare My, a deal more aoVtad feasted us >itti theba^ilMffhad. Their" boM produced a hottte df whiskey, and onoe again we %»re 0for. Of coarse, we kept quiet about tha '.OoMeu (or Devtfs) Golly." loot 'fshake-dowB^inaco* and^wewftie under » row , wa* baft raqpo. J tbink bulr s beSt the last race's hollow. Bj hands tamel bat to light lifts, b«t the cook's oo-oey oonM bardlytearthem 4way from Km canoes, around whiohthey weteolttttond like bees nwnd a sugar-cane, 41 tot a eoodbnakfast.wemade over to these good fallows all ourlittle remaining prod* «iocs .in exchange for a flask of whiskey, for we had«cilr 13 mttes to n, and trusted to loiki Motueka before nwu We dM got intanbarboats, ahd mantr amu gave us a shore-taflkito the blne water. We paddled 'toiaAd ft©'for' them-to aee boweasUy the saddles aiehaadled, art" bow 'swiftly- thr SaMooiw«^r«he water.andtben, s* ?m aandtoeeae was btowing. wahpistod saU, fH headsdtfortheclump bf tress in the fir idiatshoi wtlin watertedgs. tiara .lubtitSwb® .i»a»iits';*fe*pM«' !dilFs abofae >«*, <«iid xin<iBf Mt jrfjiir iinrtHjitn thrtrWsnfn- *'.' «*tewing p .nuw. landed ; hone}, waltfai to take them the n*t I ? ? . i 1 . iof the Journey to Nelson (20 miles), over on {he deck ofa large cutter, .galled the Cotv sjellafcion, as soon .as the 'wind allowed. In 1vtto daytrWe set Bail, irad after a stormy after .noon and part of a night, daring ?hat the ; NelsOnians call a " spout-wind, we once more founded the A-rrowEock, and were BOOH moored alongside the pier, and %e canoes solely landea after all their dangers. We exhibitedoar " gold" (such a lot ofitJ) to the wondering gaze of our friends, Arid we both resolved, that come what would, we would start «goin. next wanner in a whaleboat, ; with experienced diggers, and (taking the ? canoes as dingeys) explore the Devil's Gaily 'again. To make a long story short, thiswe did tile next year, but during the winter that . intervened , the central part of New Zealand was visited by one of the heaviest earth ..quakes ever known. Cliffs were toppled oyer and chimneys fell like apples in the wind, and when -we reached where the freshwater lagoon had been, it had vanished ; JikeL Aladdin's fairy palace. The sandbank was gone, the bash If here our tent had i reposed in safety hod disappeared, and the heavy whaleboat passed over tbe site of oar once happy camp in deep salt'water. The Devil's Gully had altogether gone somewhere else, and' the waterfall, slightly altered in its course, now fell straight into the sea. My corse, .uttered in a moment of bitter dis appointment, had fallen back first on him who mode it, "that every one who again visited that spot should be disappointed 1" i, r, J often* while in New Zealand, thought of :4aking. another tarn along tbat coast for curiosity's sake,. ;bnt other business inter vened,. and eventually I left Nelson, and I .suppose it will be some time before I see it again, , Perhaps in China and India I may find . sights more gTand and wonders as puzzling, but as long as I live the story of the German's . pig, the gigantic footmarks in the sand at Tonga Bay, and tbat wild, despairing, and neverito-b«:forgotten cry, will, I fear, remain nnreveated. To naturalists and spiritualists I leave theiti 1 Reader, adieu! We have re turned home, at last, safe from our trip "OVER TBE FALLS, AND QUI ON THE OCEAN." 