KDIouTCON or nor ITa-The Horniao Poke sayst: "The celebrated statistical return which some years ago made Italy herself for the irst time acquainted -jth the fact that seventeen millions of her population were utterly unable to read or write, gave in te stern nakedness an idea perhaps imperfect and unfair of the true condition of the national mind. What has been already done in the army the new law foir elemenary education proposes to do for the whole people. ?ines amre to be inflicted on those parents who shall keep their children absent from school for a certain time and every provision is to be so that just us each Italian citiszen is bound to place his physical strength at the service of the country, so hbenceforth he shall be equally trained to develop his intellectual and moral power for better securing the same result. Buch a state of matters as that recently revealed in the statia tical report of the Roman munnicipality, telling how in that vast tract of country over whichtbhe eye ranges from the eupola of St. Peter's there cxistedOljtwo toys' and one girls' school, will eoon, it maylshdd; be a more tradition to be remembered oilyitli feel ings of gratitude towards the Goveneimnt whish swept away ao monstrous a state of thliki,; an with'sa stern and solemn condemnation ofthar alllen. overn ment under whose priestly hands such dark igaorance had so long continued to curse the Roman Gampagna." THE ERorsze QWSueIOi n a a.-The Germanij thtorgan of the German Ub~montsnistes, printi an article upon Prince Bismrhk's e et deolara tion that the German Empire would enter into no concordat with thie Roman Catholie Ohureh.: H is words, sitye the Germania, are of.the greqtest gravity and moment. We wish to indicate the great daners Iwhich an attitude in harmony with such deosrattens as Prince Biemark has made must certainly coanse to' Germany. The Roman Catholiedogmasave the weork. of tihe IHoly Ghost, and are unconditionally binding upon all Roman Catholics, and unalterable to all time l If these dogmas involve demands which the temporal power eannot or will not concede, then is war pro claimed between Church and State, and it will certanly be war to the uttermost. "So-HELr- ME.GOD EOo.'--Thininkname origi enated in some expressions in a very violent speech made by Mr. Keogh at the Cork election, 1852. We give a shabort extract (and it must be borne in mind that the plbdge then solemly made was broken only a few months later) :-GreaVGodl Ideolareinthepresencea of the bishops of Ireland, and of mycolleaes in Par. liament, that let the Minister of the day be whom hi may-let him be the Esarl of Derby, let him be Sir James Graham, or Lord John Russell-it was all the same to us, and, so help me God, no matter who the Minieter may be, no matter who the party in power may be, I will never nsupport that Minister or that party, unless he comes into power prepared to carry the measures which universal popular Ireland demands, I have abandoned my own profession to join in cement ing and forming an Irish Parliameutary party. That has been my ambition. It may e a base one. Ithink it is an honourable one.-Irirsh Poper. 