HAVING biddon an affectionate farewell to our beloved iiliament, it next behoves us to see whatclso is going on ' hero or elsewhere. Do you believe ,u ghosts ? Be . causo in the late papers from England I have lighted uC a rather ehoieo piece ot the somi-bomblo, with Itecncoto supernatural appearances consequent upon The Mo bloody doings in France The Pans corrcapon Int nf nn Aoelaido paper gives tho following : Accompanied with a friend rand two hired detectives, visited a fotvnlghw ago fie itue Haxo, where 60 hostngos prlests, soldiers, jonraallalj, ."nd policemen-were barbi rously shot by tho Commune during the !ast days, of It Helga of Terror. Tho bodies wera thrown Into a commoi cellar close by. It was said tho ghosts of tho victims ap neared every night as phosphorescent figures. Wo took m position before midnight, and remained till 2 In the morning when churchyard« ore supposed to cease to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only tho falling rain. Tl« police, who were on tho look-out for tho persons who " do tho spirits," were also disappointed, although at ono time they believed they were on the eve of success on seeing us arrive. Itlsllkcly tho stories of figures on the houses and window. panes of Alsace arc on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Notwithstanding tho incredulity of tho correspondent as ts tho spiritual appearances in question, ho ovidontly thinks that thoro is something- in tho story, and a thrill of deep interest is inspired by tho idea of theso ghosts of tho hostages haunting the spot of their murder, and perhaps inspiring as much terror as thc head o£ Marshal Saxe did, when it rolled into tho room before his nephew. But apropos of Marshals, docs not tho fol- lowing historical sketch show badly for tho chancc3 of ! Marshal Bazaine P . Only five marshals of France liare been tried Tor their lires by regular tribunals, and all five were found guilty and exe- cuted. Marshal de Uetz, who was the flrst holder of the highest military dignity in France, WUB hrought to trial for high treason, or rather for ropcated acts of rebellion against tho authority of MB liege lord, John VI., Duke of Brittany. Found guilty not only of tho crime with wh'ch ho was origi- nally charged, but of others still more heinous, tho Marshal de Bete was hanged and his body burned In 1440. The next offender was Marshal Biron, thu friend and companion lu arms of Hoary IV. In spite of ail the favours heaped on him by his Iioyal master. Marsha! Biron was found guilty of conspiracy irlth the King of Spain against tho flrst of tho Bourbons. Henry IV. would have pardoned him If he would havn con- fessed his crimes ; but on his refusal to admit his guilt, the King allowed sentence to bc carried out, and Marshal Biron was decapitated on the Place de Grovo In 1002, Marshal de Marcillao, who was executed in 1033 for conspiracy and rebellion agalntt Cardinal Itichclion, was tho third marslial of France who pcrlshad on tho scaffold. Marshal de Mont- morency, who was executed in tho same year on a similar charge, was another of the victims of theCnrdlnal, Tho last of tho marshals of Franco who have undergone a capital sentence was the best known and most celebrated of them all, Marshal Ney, shot on December 7, 1810, for fidelity to his old and treachery to his new master. But Marshal Bazaine ls the tint marshal of Franco arraigned on n charco of bad conduct In thc face) of tho enemy. Tho comet has turned out such a completo humbug that thc venerable astrologer who predicted its coming deserves to he tarred and loather cd. On Thursday sight, the immense circle, or halo around tho moon attracted tho attention and excited tho curiosity of numerous youthful volunteer astronomers in tho streotsi who, from their great experience, and long practice in tho taking of lunar observations, ought to havo made no mistake as to tho luminary they were now gazing at, but who set off in full cry with-" Tho comet 1 Tho comet I" But no comet hasyotput in an appearance, and the expected visitor has probably put off bis journey, if ho. over really intended to como, i In the mcantimo, _ tho weather portents aro remarkable. Yesterday oDoned with a lovelv English . Spring morning, so encoring and exhilarating that even a cripple might have felt inclined to bowl a hoop or play at leap-frog. This was followed in tho afternoon by a heavy, chill, October damp ; and at night came down a deluge sufficient to put to scorn Dr. Southey's description of tho hearty manner in which " tho waWs como down at Lodore." So I supposa that, in tho absence of tho comet wo shall bo favoured with another sonsatioa in tho shape of iloads on tho coast. I hopo that wo shall not have wrecks on tho coast also. I am reminded that wo aro noir within three dayB of tho fifteenth anniversary of tho wreck of the Dunbar at Sydney Heads, and to uso, with all reverence, tho words of a pious and nmiablo lady who was drowned in tho steamer Sovereign nt Moreton Bay many years ago, "Ooo KEEP US," from euch another calamity. "Soven years' hard lubonr on tho roads or other puhlio works of tho colony." Such waa tho sontencc passed yesterday, at tho Central Criminal Court, upon the two cabmen who had boon indicted for the assault and robbery committed upon a person named Russell, whom they lind taken out in a cab to tho Parramatla road, near Annnndnlo, and thora dealt with on tho garroting Bystom. Perhaps, if tho law had authorised Mr, Justice Checko so to do, ho would havo added u, small taste o£ tho cat o' nino tails, for his Honor stated that this was ono of tho most gross cases of tho kind that over carno beforo him, and animadverted upon tho fact of tho public being subjected to such treatment on tho part of persons employed in situations of trust, ns tho two . prisoners, Edward Howard and John Timmins, were. However, gross and atrocious as tho caso was, it was not what is usually called a COHO of garroting. It was simply a caso of robbery, with violence, on the Queen's highway, for which, if tho culprits had boon convictcda fowyonrsngo, they would not havo been flogged or sont to hard labour, bnt Bimply hanged by tho neck until they wore dead. In tho caso of tho unfortunate girl Hannnh Juno Wood, charged with tho awful crime of murdering her nowly.born infant, tho jury took a merciful view, and found her guilty only of concealing tho birth. Tho caso .' was surrounded by circumstances invoking pity and compassion, which need not by any means bo taken ns implying sympathy willi crime. Talking of courts uu<l juries, I eco that all sorts of juries-coroner's juries and criminal court juries-havo resolutely sot their faces against convicting or punish- ing persons who knock down and mu over helpless passengers in tho streets, so thal this kind of- amuse- ment may in futuro bo indulged in at pleasure. Mary Maloney's death is pronounced to ho purely an acoidont : and now tho way in which cabs, carriages, Bpring vans, ilog-cnrts, and all descriptions of voliiolos ni-o driven through tho streets, mooting oach other at overy pos tibio description of angles, whilo all cornors of tho stroots aro blocked up with henry drays nnd horses,-might nsaJai .ono of tho' imitations of tho ancient toman qhnriót' rabos and fights, at Astley's Boyal Amphitheatre' Nobody need niiud running over any- body, ciao now. Tho thing is only considprod as a good Joke.' Atter tho .clear, exposition of, tho law upon tho subject by tao covonor'tbo other day, it ia ouitying to seo tho ttotinor in -which tho' drivers û£ f urnituro lind parcels-delivery vana stand up in their; carts', urging, their fiery, aloods, with whip and roin, to " go in and win." I BiippoBO that tho old remedy proscribod by Sidney Smith is tho only ono that .will moot tho casa. Whcro is tho Judge ol tho Supremo Court, or tho vonoraWo Prolate, who'will aacrlflco himsolt* on tili« occasion, nnd got knocked-downand run ovor in order that/others may go on their ways iu peaco nnd. security ? -,! : Tk« Protest of Cardinal Cullen ngnlnat Mr.'1 Juslico Keogh's judgment nt; Galway, Js'n ol'ov'oru'nd tolling «ocumont, but presents somo Bmull blemishes; which uro Mtily visible to. tho nnlcod oyo.- Thoro is a smart little Wt of tiokling undor the: wing for tho loyalists. Tho. Cardinal, roforrlng to tho Judge's praises of ' Olivor Cromwell-a bloodthirsty oppressor and a rogioldo .poko of tho Protector ns tho man who ; bini caused tho Math of King Charles, from whom ber Mnjosly Qnoon Victoria was descendod. This was n. bid for loyalist «ímpalhiosj but, ;for tho matter oT that, thc¡Queoii is." rather descendod from King Charles, further than Maison*, ¡(racing her descent' from tho ? Princess Elizabeth daughter of tho gentle Jamie, and. sister of King Charles,'"' and who married tho Elector Palatine However, tho idea of bringing loyalty to tho Queen into tho caso against tho Judge waä not a bad ono. I wnnt to got away from tho subject, and learo it to tho mature consideration of wiser and batter mon, so I launch off into an expression of regret that there should bare boon a quarrel between two of our rospcctablo city undertakers, involving an appeal to arms and nu appeal to tho District Court. Gentlemen who have a common interest iu tho lives, but mora especially iu tho deaths, of tho whole community, and . who must have had, and mil have, their shara in tho ronring trade that has been done and will ho doing, ought to ha unitod ia a moro genial way, and lot dogs delight to hark and bita, for 'tis their nature to. By tho way, who rcmombors Caleb Quotom, in " Tho Wags of Windsor?" I think'ho did almost "evorythiug for tho people of his villager-from holping to bring them into tho world, aud|baptising thom, io burying thom ; and hero I find, in a paper publishod under the glorious shadow of tho Star-spangled Banner, tho following reforonca to a similarly handy man : Torre Haute has a professional mau-ofnll-work, uamed Springer. Ho married a couple oue day, and tho next day he sold them furniture for their now homo; shortly after ho attended tho wife tn tho capacity of a physician i as a conse- quence of this'part of hts work, ho soon aatcd as undertaker athor funeral, anti-on the following Sunday preaohed her funeral sormou. Kot long after ho married the widower to another lady, thus beginning the old process over again. Now I dare say it would take a clever follow to dis- cover the connection between tho matters in this para- graph, but thoro is a connection, nevertheless, botweon tho Priest, and the Judge, and tho Undertaker, and tho " professional raan-of-all-work," who does part of tho business of tho whole of them. I BOB by tho Fiji papers received yesterday that more exciting; scones had occurred iu that pleasant little paradise Levuka, and that tho barristers, or acting bar- risters, or sucking barristers havo hoon coming to log- gerheads with each other. A gentleman boaring an honoured and historical namo, not unknown in tho British courts of juslico iu former times-tho name of Turpin to wit, applied for Ieavo to practice in tho Supremo Court, whan tho application was opposed by Mr. Burt, and the Chief Just i co suspended it far six months. Dick Turpin (if that is his namo) met Burt afterwards and pitched into him, for which, after throwing a glasB ol water in tho face of tho assailant, Burt pulled him np fer a Branch of Privilege, in assaulting; n, member of tho Legislature. Turpin was brought to the har-no un. familiar placo with his famous namesake, and scorned likely to got into troublo, when finally tho House let him off. There was some excitement about an antici- pated romittanco of cash to tho Treasury of Cacaban, but it didn't como. Tho Fiji Times has tho following about it : Tho, long-expected loan from Now Zealand, and willoh wns to arrive hy tho first vessel from that place, did not como to hand hy tho Prima Bonna. Neither do any of tho passengers or thc captain ofthat vessel know anything about it, and they are very sceptical on tho matter. Borne ono says that Mr. Woods has Innocently confided in some speculator, who promised him £5000, " or £50,000, for that matter, if you desire lt." and be's been deceived. ' Wc hopo that tho cash is on board tho Bea Qui!, and many of our renders will relterato that wish. The Sea Gull, ah ? I Janey, that the whole affair will! turn out to bo a matter more closely affecting tho Laud Gulls, and not unlike onr celebrated Kohn Loan. 