THE 'PERMISSIVE' BILL. \- Mr. Carr has *had printed the amendments he intends to propose this afternoon in his ' Permissive' Bill, and we presume that he will carry out ' his threat of urging them upon the attention of the House, and that the Government will fulfil their promise of supporting, them. We can only say that if he is successful his measure may be fairly entitled 'a Bill to encourage the existence of low public-houses, and to prevent opposition to the trade thereof.' We are in no wise exaggerating when we say that this will be the result of Mr. Carr's Bill, so far as its incongruous pro visions can be said to have any result at alL He has professed himself willing to accept the decision of the House to retain the pro viso added to clause 2, that where the number of licensed houses exceeds one to every hundredratepayers the existing number thall continue to be allowed j bat either in'theiiope that^he may catch thj^House napping, or through .' mere } want of care, his. new clauses are : drawn so as to defeat this decision, and in point of fact to make it possible to extinguish nearly every : existing licence in a district.' According to his pro posed clause 3, a vote is to be taken for new licences only, and thus the number of new licences authorized at one time in any district will probably seldom exceed one or two.. But clause 5 declares that the result of the vote shall be taken to decide; not the number of new licences, but the whole number cf houses to be licensed in the district, which would of course shut up pretty nearly all the old houses. Mr. Carr has either forgotten to limit the operation of clause 5 to new licences, or he has de liberately laid a trap in which itseems he has already caught the Ministry. The fact that he does not propose to amend the schedule to his Bill rather inclines us to acquit him of intentional deception. According to the present form of the schedule, if there happen to be .50 old licences in a district no vote will be informal that is given for 50 new licences, although, the number to be granted may be only one or two. This is either a generous concession to topers, or anegregiius blunder. } Let us, however, describe Mr. Carr's new scheme a little more in detail, taking the Bill as it will stand supposing all his amend ments are adopted. He starts with the mis chievous clause already referred to legalizing the present absurdly large number of licensed houses. This provision will, in our judg ment, go far to create a most objectionable class of vested interests, which cannot be said to have any tangible existence now. The next clause, a new one, will provide that ho new premises shall be licensed without the consent of the ratepayers, taken at their next election for Councillors. To follow this clause we have a second new one, directing the Clerk of the Licensing Bench to give notice to the Town or District Clerk of any application for a licence for new premises. - This application is to be submitted to the next meeting of the Council; but ' if upon examination of the list of rate payers it shall appear that there are at that time a sufficient number of inns or public houses calculated according to the basis aforesaid' — that is one for every hundred ratepayers— the application cannot be further entertained. In the extremely improbable event of the existing number being below this limit, then the consent of the ratepayers is to be sought by vote. To this clause is attached the curious proviso that where there are two or more applications for new licences priority shall be given to the one first lodged. Consider for a moment the effect of this clause so far as Adelaide is concerned. Until the number of licences is reduced to about one-half of what it is at present— a reduction which this Bill does its best to prevent by its formal approval of the existing number— no new house whatever can be licensed. Let an enterprising capitalist select a healthy site on one of the terraces, and put up a first-class hotel with every appliance for the ease and comfort; of strangers visiting Adelaide, and Mr. Carr's Bill declares that so long as the maximum resulting from his 'basis of calculation'' is made up, though it be by the vilest pot-house in the town, the capitalist's application for a licence shall not be enter tained. Nay, more— suppose there to be a vacancy, and even then he may be equally shut out by the filing of a sham application for a mere beershop in a back street adroitly lodged so as to clain priority over his. And this is what Mr. Carr considers an important step gained towards improving the regula tion of the liquor traffic. As we have already explained, the rest of Mr. Carr's new clauses provide that when his 'basis of calculation' shows an in sufficient number of public-houses in propor tion to the number of ratepayers a vote of the ratepayers shall be taken as .to the number of new licences to be sanctioned. We have also called attention to one. or two grossly careless blunders in the machinery for giving effect to this vote, and if we chose we could indicate plenty more. 'We confine ourselves, however, to remarking that although we pointed out two months ago that Mr. Carr's mode of reckoning the result of the voting showed him to be incapable of working out a long division sum and stating, the result in coherent language, and although he has since had two opportunities of amend ing his clause in this respect, it still remains in all its grotesque absurdity. Will Mr. Carr allow us to assure Mm— first, that the term ' fractions' includej decimals as well; secondly, that decimals will never result from the process of division he prescribes, except where the number of votes is some power of 10; and thirdly, that as the 'fraction or decimal which may result' from such process of division must in all case3 be less than unity, there is. no need to provide for the im possible condition of its ' representing half or more than half the number of voters.' What Mr. Carr really means to describe' is, as any commonly intelligent schoolboy could have told him, the 'indi- visible remainder' which may be left, after dividing, and if he puts these words in bis Bill they will make sense of it; but this ia very different from the 'fraction or decimal' which may result from the process of division. Suppose the number of votes polled is 550, and the num ber of voters i3 100, the ' remainder,' after dividing the former number; by the latter, is 50; the 'fraction or decimal' that lesults from the division is ?£?„, or ;50, or £. Is Mr. Carr really prepared to maintain that 50 and J are equivalent ? If so, we shall be happy to. exchange cHeques with him to any amount so long as he will give us the benefit ? of this novel theory of numbers. We feel that an apology is due to our readers for dwelling upon such puerile absurdities; but this is but one of many blunders in the Bill, and it is really high time -that members who cannot master ihe commonest rnles -. of : interpretation should leave off the pretence: of drafting Bills and wasting the public time withjfcheir crude proposals. There is hardly a clause in Mr. Carr's Bill, as he now finally projwaesto amend it, which is coherent in itself' -t-r con sistent with the OtUers, and if the Assembly is wise it will at once decline to consider the measure further until it is put into an intel ligible form. j The.Ockan Mail Service.— The Assembly has adopted the sensible course of leaving it to the Government to make the best bargain, they can for South Australia in the matter of future ocean mail arrangements.. The negotiations that are now proceeding are of such a delicate character that any inter ference on the part of Parliament would be most ill- timed. The question is by no means anew one. All its bearings have been dis cussed over and over again, and the Ministry are in full possession of the views and wishes of the community in regard to it. More than that, we gather from the remarks of the Treasurer that they are fully alive to the necessity of making the best of the present opportunity for securing to this colony the advantages which she has been so many years ineffectually - struggling to obtain*. Upon one point in particular it is gratifying to find they are resolved^to remain firm, and that is with reference to the King George's Sound Branch Service. One or two members on Tuesday suggested that Parlia mentary action should be taken to-prevent the possibility of this service being continued beyond the middle of next year; but in the end they were reasonable enough to see that no good purpose could be served by striking out one-half of the proposed vote. The Hon. Arthur Blyth, at an early stage in the discussion, frankly explained that he had allowed a notice placed by . him on the Paper for the discontinuance of the service to lapse, from a fear' that it might embarrass negotiations, and in the same spirit members who have been in the habit of objecting to the outlay upon the King George's Sound line acknowledged that it would be preposterous at this time to withdraw the protest which we have so pertinaciously maintained against having our geographical position disregarded. As pat by Mr. Boucaut, any status that our persistency has won for us amongst the other colonies would be deliberately relinquished if we now fell into the practice of obtaining our mails from Melbourne. Once let us' consent to play second fiddle to Victoria in that way, and the Imperial authorities will be justified in supposing that an arrangement leaving us entirely at the mercy of our more powerful neighbour will answer our purpose. We strongly deprecate any step calculated to produce that impression, and on this account we hope the Government will not by word or deed acquiesce in the evident desire of Victoria to obtain the control of the service between Galle and Australia. In saying this we readily recognise the courtesy with which the adjoining province has always treated us in the matter of our claim to , have Gienelg made a calling-place for the ocean steamers. It is not correct to say, as was said in the course of the debate, that we have cause to be aggrieved at her conduct in 'this respect. On;every occa sion on which the subject has been brought forward she has shown a creditable readiness to meet our wishes. . We believe that the P. & O. Company are primarily td blame for the flagrant in justice that has been so long done us. They have until lately displayed an unaccountable prejudice against bringing their vessels to a South Australian port, and now that that has to a large ? extent given way Queensland is the principal stumblingblock in the way of our getting what we are entitled to speak of as our rights. \- ?? ? ♦ ~ The Electoral BiLL.^This measure ha3 at last been passed in the Assembly, after a discussion which reflects little credit upon the way business is conducted there. The bone of contention was the subdivision of the South-Eastern District, which has now been six times debated and determined, the final decision of the House being that Penola shall be in the District . of Victoria, and not in that of Albert — or, in other words, that the former district shall be identical with the County of Grey. The history of this dispute is an instructive though not, as we have said, a very creditable one. The boundary-line now fixed was in the Bill as first brought down to the House. On August 1 Mr. Kiddoch moved to alter it, and his suggestion was adopted without a division. On August 15, when the schedule of polling places was debated, the friends of the northern part of the South-Eastern District found out that Mr. Riddoch's amendment was calculated to introduce conflicting inte rests into the new District of Albert by adding Penola to it, and on their representation the House decided by 14 to 10 to make Penola a polling- place in Victoria, the Government voting with the minority. On October 15, when the Bill was rediscussed, Mr. West Erskine, to carry out the decision of the previous debate, moved to adopt the original boundaries; he was opposed by Mr. Riddoch and the Government ; on the division the numbers were 12 to 12, and the Speaker gave his casting-vote with Mr. West-Erskine. Not content with this double decision against him Mr. Riddoch again raised the question on October 29, and the members present reversed the two previous decisions without any division. On October 31 an attempt' was made by Mr. West-Erskine once more to reopen the question in a very small House, but .Mr. Riddoch's boundary-line was upheld by 10 votes to five. Finally on November 5 the whole matter was, as we have said, debated for the sixth time, and. the clause in its original form reinserted by 14 votesto 13. We quite agree with Mr. Ward that this is making a farce of legisla tion, but we disagree with him in charging the whole responsibility of this upon his opponents. He and the South-Eastern friends of whom he is so vehemently a partisan are, with the Government, mainly responsible for this waste of time. So soon, as the House discovered the effect of Mr. Riddoch's original amendment they on two successive occasions rejected it, and instead of accepting that decision until a full House gave a fair opportunity for appeal occasions, were insidiously watched for to slip the obnoxiousamenamentbackagain. No wonder that legislation makes little progress when such a scramble for votes is persistently encouraged, and when members are so con stantly out of their places that a watchful partisan can with patience almost make sure of carrying a snatch vote ! We need not further follow the progress of this Bill. There was an interesting debate on the third reading, but though there is much force in many of the objections urged by Mr. Glyde against it, we are decidedly of opinion that the balance of argument is in its favour. Telegraph between Adelaide and London. — As an illustration of the uses to which the through telegraph will be put, - Captain McFarlane informs us that on his arrival on Monday he immediately wired home to tib ship's owners in London:—' Kirkham arrived all safe and alongside wharf.' Accident.— On Tuesday afternoon, as a youth named John Midwinter was riding down Currie street on a young horse the animal made a false step and threw its rider, falling upon and fracturing the lower part of one lej?. He wa* admitted to the Hospital in the evening, and is progressing favourably, Miss Cabbi's Benefit. -Mias Carey's benefit on Tuesday night 'was a thoroughly liberal one dress circle and stalls were crowded, and even those parts of the.house not ordinarily credited ?? with an appreciation for high '?nssdr- were moderately well filled. His' Excellency the Governor,tAccompaniedby a Darty from Govern ment House, was present during' the earlier part of the evening. The performances were from first to last a genuine success. The second piece,. ' School,' has served to draw many good houses, and nothing could have been more appropriate than for it to be made a leading feature m the pro gramme for Miss Carey's benefit. Her Naomi Tighe is a very bewitching Heiress indeed lively, outspoken, full of generdus impulses, and in every respect exquisitely true to nature* 'Why ' Masks and Faces should have been hit upon as the principal item in the bill is not so clear, but the public had no reason to be dis satisfied with the manner in which it was pre sented. Miss Carey's Peg Woffington i« not a powerfully-drawn character, bpt1 there is not wanting in it evidences of dramatic ability. It is hard to recognise in it the( popular actress who electrified thousands by.her. j^mus, and produced s» profound an impression, upon Mabel Vane, but the part was nevertheless vigorously conceived and enacted. . 'i'Uore was a trifle too much of the hysterically emotional,, and almost an utter lack of the majes'lc, but the acting showed a close acquaSntanoi not only with the text, but with the spi«Sj6f -the* character* In Miss Shepparde'a hjiifiv Mabel became an exceedingly charming rustic. The * artlessness and Arcadian simplicity characte rizing her in the first interview with Ernest. Vane in London, the bewilderment and grief following upon Sir Charles Poum!.dor!s dis closures of her husband's perfi.iy, tho passionate appeal to Peg Woffington to restore to her the heart which absorbed all her love, and the rapturous grati tude which the assurance that everything should be as she wished called forth, were well portrayed. One part in which f-he was not effective was in her mode of treating the dis honourable advances of Sir Charles.. In her rejection of his suit there should have been more? of scorn and defiance than were manifested. It is not necesrary to particularize all the other characters, which it may be remarked were fairly represented. Mr. Grevilio's Triplet was made as lugubrious and serious a specimen ef humanity as it is in that actor's nature to make such a part. Now and then the comical turn given to the authorcumartistcura plavwright - cum-poet's miseries made the audience laugh when they should have been sympathetic, but accidents of that sort were of course unadvoidable. At the con clusion of ' Masks and Faces,' Miss Carey, who had been called for after nearly every act* made her appearance and bowed her acknowledgments amidst a perfect flight of bouquets aiul a storm of applause. Mr. Greville, on her behalf, in a couple of sentences thanked the Adelaide public for their patronage, and assured them that Miss Carey would continue to do her best to merit such marks of approval. Adelaide Hunt Club.— An adjourned meet ing of the Hunt Club and subscribers to the Steeplechase Fund will be held this ovoning at the Globe Hotel*. Licensed Victuallers' Association. — A special meeting of this Association is called for this evening at the Clarence Hotel. Clayton Chuech, Kensington. — Social meetings were held in Clayton Chapel, Ken sington, on Tuosday, November 5, to bid! fare well to the Rev. E. Griifiths, who is leaving for England with his wife and family. At the public meeting in the evening there was a large attendance, and Mr. E. T. Smith presided. The proceedings havingbeen opened in the usual way, . the Chairman spoke of the pain which- they must all necessarily feel at the departure of one who- had so long been connected with the Church and associated with them for their spiritual welfare. The Rev. Mr. Griffiths had discharged the important duties which had. ' devolved upon him in -*uch a manner as to have gained their lasting respect and esteem. (Cheers.) He trusted the reverend gentleman would still long be spared to do the work of God. Letters of apology were read from the Beva. J. Jeff ens and NuihoHs. The Kev. C. B. Syraes, who said he had not much time to spare, as he had to attend another meeting at North Adelaide, said the present meeting was a valedictory one to bid farewell to their brother in Christ, and to wish him God speed in the future. The Rev. Mr. Griffiths, although he felt the severance from hh congre gation much, was going home with the feeling that God was calling him there, and they should therefore not begrudge him in making use of his ? talents elsewhere. Without words of ful some praise or exaggeration he considered their lute pastor, in consequence of the earnest interest he took in tho work of his Church, was entitled to their greatest esteem and respect. He had himself benefited much by the acquaintance ef such a thorough man and earnest servant of Jesus Christ Mr. Griffiths carried with him the sincere respect and sympathy of all those who had worked with him in the cause of God ; and, feeling that he was qualified both spiritually and mentally for the work he was engaged in, they 'wished him a long life, with God speed. (Cheer--. ) The Re ?; H. J. Lambert felt that it was to be tegretted that a man like Mr. Griffiths, who ;had always been one constant example of Christian brother hood and kindness, was going fromamongstthem. Their late pastor was a man in the truest sense of the word, and he was sure the congregation would never be able to obtain a better or abler man than he was. He trusted that the Almighty would protect Mr. Griffiths and his family on their way home, and always be with them. (Cheers.) The Rev. F. W. Cox also spdke in terms of the highest regard for the rev. gentle man, and concluded by expressing a hope that if the congregation did not know that they had had a prophet among them that they would find it out. Mr. McEwin, after briefly referring to the completion of the telegraph between London and Adelaide and the wonders of the telegraph system, said there was a telegraph which was speedier still in sending forth messages, £ rayer was a cable which reached from earth to heaven, and which had its terminus at the mighty throne of God. Prayer was the sign and badge of dependence and weak ness, but still it could set in motion the vast machinery of heaven, and could do'' most wondrous things. He concluded by suggesting that the congregation should make tbe greatest use of this telegraph, and pray to God that He would take care of their beloved pastor and his family, and also send them out another shepherd after their own hearts. The Rev. C. -Man- thorpe also bore testimony to tbe high respect in which Mr, Griffiths was held, and hoped that if they were not permitted to see him again in this world that they would 'bo able to see him in heaven. Mr. T. Caterer, one of the deacons, then presented the Rev. Mr. Griffiths with a beautifully written address on parchment, expressing the- regret of the congregation at the departme of tbo'r pastor and his family, and epeakinx of tho love and respect they all bore for him, and wishing him God speedi Mr. Gilbert Woa-5, on behalf of the 'congregation, also presented the reverend gentleman with a purse of 80' sove- reigns. The-Kev. -lr, Griffiths returned thanks in a very feeling manner, and spoke of the sup port and kindness he had always received from all members of the Church. He deeply re gretted parting from them ; but it was .God's will that he should do so, and he believed it would be for his physical good, M^ip the welfare of the Church. A collecfi-ra saving been made to olear off the floating dpbf on the ^ManaeFund, the proceedings closed inHhe^ usual manner. ? ' , - t r Coal.— It is reported that a discovery bf coal has been made in the neighbourhood oiFried rickswalde, about 20 miles north of Kapunda. A* far as we have been able to learn, it appears that 9,. German farmer livingin the above neighbourhood found something like coal on his section, and took a sample of it to a neighbouring black smith, who pronounced it the genuine thing. The blacksmith, whose name we belwve 1* Liebig, then went in company with thd farmer to the place where the sample was taken from, and there saw two seams about as thi^k as a man's arm. At present there is a croD pn the- -- section, and until that is taken off nothing will be done to test the value of this discoy$i-y. If the substance be really coal, it will^e'A most important discovery for the colony, and wo therefore wait with anxiety for further informa tion on the subject— Kapunda Htrald. - HOBTlCTOTUBALiJTOrwmCTJLTORALSOOTBTT, —The usual monthly meeting was held' on Toes- '?? day afternoon, November 5, at the Norfolk Arms. Present— The President, Mr. E. A.* Wright; Dr. Wylde, and Messrs. C. B. Hardy, J. Souttar, E. Ingleby, W. Everard, P. S. C. Priffield, W. Rhodes, G. Laughton, 0. Ziegler, J. 6. HoffmanH, and W. Hackett, Secretary. It ' -was reported that there were many difficulties in the way of holding a Show in the Botanic Garden, as suggested, but if the latter was enlarged according to intention steps would be taken by Dr. Schomburgk towards endeavouring to obtain the use of the reserved part of the additions. The Secretary reported that at the October Show the receipts were £61 8s. 5d.; amount spent for prizes, £59 16s. 5d.; and expenses, £45. Thanks were accorded to Dr. Schomburgk, the special prize-givers, Com mittee of Management, and Judges at the late Show. Also to Mr. Eackett, for his kind action in offering the use of a room for members to study books upon subjects connected with Bowers, &c.; The following special prizes were offered :— By Mr. Souttar, for the best caladiums at the following November Show, 10s.; by Mr. Elder, £1 Is., for the collection of four draconeas, four cordalines, and four palms; by Mrs. K. B. Smith, £1 Is., for six plants in pot for pnbiic decoration; by Mr. K. B. Smith, £1 Is., f elf six plants in pot for fragrance, 'to be judpert by the nose and not the eye ;' by Mr. C. Sabine, 10s. 6d., for the best collection of crotons. It was suggested that at the Society's Shows in future some mode should be adopted for indicating the direction in which visitors should move, as under present circumstances inconvenience was felt for want of some such arrangement when the Hall was crowded. The protests entered at the last Floral Exhibition were considered, and the decision of the Judges upheld. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. E. B. Heyne, Holmsby, and Burton, waited on the Society for information as to whether the Committee would receive moneys for special prizes to be offered atfcxbibitiansfor amateurs who, notbeing gardeners themselves, cultivated plants without professional assistance. A discussion ensued upon the exact definition of the word 'amateur' in gardening, and it was urged that the term should only be applied to persons who grew flowers themselves merely for pleasure, and derived no pecuniary profit what ever from the cultivation, nor employed a gardener to assist them. The offer tendered was cordially accepted, and the gentlemen re presenting the deputation requested to commu nitate their condition in writing. . The request of the Norwood Juvenile Floral Society for the loan of flower boxes was granted. The Managing Committee for the November Show was as follows:— Messrs. W. .Rhodes, Laughton, Bowel), and Robson. Lady Judges— Miss Fisher, Mrs. Prankerd, and Mrs. Acraman. Judges in pot plan ta — Dr. Paterson, and Messrs. Copas, W. Jones, and W. Lewis. Cut flowers Messrs. R. Ingleby, Hoffmann, Hunt, Payne, and Grutzmacher. Several fine specimens of seedling zonales and fancy pelargoniums were laid on the tatfe by Messrs. Driffield and Ingleby, and much admired. Annivebsaby.— The annual tea and public meetings in connection with North Adelaide Baptist Church were held on Tuesday evening; and at the latter gathering, which was largely attended, Dr. Campbell presided. The oppor tunity was taken forbidding farewell to the Rev. J.L. Parsons, the pastor, who, inconsequence of ill-health, has been advised to take a trip to England for 12 months, when it is to be hoped his health will be entirely restored. The Rev. J. L. Parsons, after apologizing for the unavoidable absence of the Revs. J. Davidson and M. Lloyd, said he was firmly persuaded that the step he was taking in leaving the colony was incumbent tipon him, and . he trusted that he would with the providence of God be enabled to return with full health and strength to carry out the work intended for him. He could only say that three weeks ago he had no more idea of going to England than he had of going to the moon. All that he had kept before him when he thought of the future was the pleasure and the profit that he might reasonably expect in the course of years— when after he had become an old colonist of some 15 years' standing be could say, whether well or ill, ' Now I think my time has come to go home and get the refreshment and rest such a change may bring;' but as if was, he thought, setting otherinfluences aside, he hadnot laboured in the Church long enough, to warrant such change. (Applause.) He hoped and felt that he might experience the same confidence in the Church and people as he had ever done They were not the people he took them for if they did not hold together, and show the same deep interest in the Church affairs as he did himself. (Applause.) Nothing was so consola tory and cheering to his own heart as the thought that he had unchanging confidence in the persons taking charge of the Church in his absence, and the conviction that they would be as loyal and true in the ensuing year as they had been in the past. He believed that the. love for the whole Church interest was such that all its members would, hold together and work for the best'. (Applause.) He would now give a report of past proceedings. At the last anni versary there were 230 members on the roll. There had been 66 additions to the Church from the world— that wss those who came forward and made profession of belief in Christ ;' from other Churches— mostly Baptist— 22; and they had the joy to number amongst them one person restored; making a total of 89. During the same time 1 had been lost by death, and 13 had been transferred to other Churches; 6 had been erased from the roll, and 2 expelled xnaking a total of 20 — leaving a clear addition of 67 to the roll ; total membership, 297; 49 had been baptized during the year. The Sunday-school teachers and scholars re mained about the same as last year. There was one feature in the Church work which needed special remark, viz., the evangelical and de votional work. He was glad to know that this labour of those engaged in it had been very successful- There were several stations where friends were occupied in spreading the glad tidings; At Nailsworth, Enfield, Prospect, and Thebarton friends connected with this Church were employed in the service of Christ. He felt that this was a most important work, and he Jioped that ere long there would be discovered other places where spiritual workers could be sent. In giving the statistics he had brought f or vrardthat night he would pointoutthat they alone could not be expected to represent the extent of the work done. It might be supposed and believed that in other directions good had been accomplished- There was an immense amount of labour done that could not be counted. Much work had been done for Christ during the past year, and he trusted that during the coming months the members would be still more earnest and indefatigable in their labours. As a special request he would urge upon the congregation to continue in their regular attendance on the Lord's Day, on occasions of devotional and other meetings, and never to be absent from the Lord's table. He had received very sweet and very cheering and precious expression of deep sym pathy and kindly feelings from all quarters, and he esteemed it the very truest kindness when he received so many offers of assistance in the carrying out of the ~woik whilst he was laid aside. He joyfully hoped that, as intelligence would reach, mm month, after month, it would be such as to prove increasing prosperity in the Church. From the kind promises of aid he had received he could very easily fill up a plan for the igjponths to come, and he could fill that plaifHuiHto- best preaching of God's Word by God's ministers in South Australia. (Applause.) In conclusion, he could only thank his friends for the very' kind expressions of feeling they had given. (Applause.) The Treasurer (Mr. E. S. Wigg) read the financial statement, from which it appeared that the present dAt upon the church was £1,730 15s. 2d., or £170 es. lid. less than last year. The actual income had* been £1,490 14s. 7d-, out of this sam there had been given £200 by 3fr. G. F. Angas, £56 18s. 6VL proceeds of Rev. C Clark's lecture, and £10 a donation, so that tfce set income from the church and congrega tion had btf9» £1,223 16s. Id. o The total ex penditure had been £1,339 11s. 8d. The Revs. 8\. Mead. J. ,-Jefferis, C. B. Symes, and H. J. Lambert delmved addresses expressive of sympathy for Mr*.. Parsons, and sincere wishes for his future wolfa/ft restoration to health, and speedy return. Mr. Parsons suitably acknow ledged, these kind rem'arks, and the proceedings .eloeed with an earnest prayer by the Rev. Wilton Back. ... * . JAJBt ROLL.— The Jury-lists of the following Corporation and District Council districts will be revised at the Local Court-House, Adelaide, to-day (Wednesday):— City of Adelaide, Town of Kensington and Norwood, Town of Brighten, Town of Glenelg, Town of Unley, District of East Torrens, District of West Torrens, District of Mitcham, District of Campbelltown, District of Burnside, District of Crafers, District of Walkerville, District of Stepney. Persons whose names are inserted in these lists who are exempt and wish not to be troubled by being summoned to serve as Jurors should attend at the Court of Revision and claim exemption', as no exemp tion for any of the grounds stated in the Jury Act will be allowed which shall not have been brought to the notice of the Court of Revision before the allowance of such lists. , Adelaide Benevolent and Stranger? Fbiend Societt.— The Committee of the above Society held their usual monthy meeting on November 4, at the Church Office; Mr. Thos. Neill in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £90 2s. lid., including an anonymous donation of £50. Several cases of distress were brought forward by different members of the Committee, and £6 2s. 6d. was voted to relieve five of them. Each member was empowered to draw £1 in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. International Exhibition.— A meeting of the South Australian Commissioners for the London International Exhibitiou, 1873, was held at the Governor's office on Tuesday, November 5, His Excellency the Governor presiding. There were present— The Hons. W. Cavenagh, M.P., J. B. Neales, M.L.C., J. Crozier, M.L.C., Messrs. J. H. Angas, M.P., R. D. Ross, J.P., J. Boothby, J.P., S. V. Pizey, W. Everard, J.P., and C. J. Coates, Hon. Secretary. The Secretary reported purchase of gold from Mr. Scott, and the English and Scottish Bank as authorized. Mr. Gibb'3 letter offering an original oratorio was received with thanks; but it was considered that although the Royal Commissioners in London might make arrangements for the production of such works, the limited means at the disposal of the South Australian Commissioners did not permit them to accept the offer. It was re solved that advertisements should be inserted in the usual papers, requesting exhibits for the Ex hibition in Vienna to be held in May, 1873. Exhibits to be received until December 1 for general productions, and for cereals till January 15, 1873. The Secretary wasinstructed to com municate with the agents for the steamers sailing from Melbourne, so as to ascertain the latest date for receiving goods forwarded to London by that route, and to advertise in ac cordance with reply ; quantities which will be forwarded to be determined by the Sub ? Committees. With regard to the Australian Annexe in London, the Hon. Secretary was requested to urge upon the Government to take all the necessary steps to ensure the co-operation of the other colopies in the construction of this building, and to communicate with the Victorian Commissioners in order to ascertain their views as to the mode in which the display of Aus tralian articles shall be regulated. The Hons. J. B. Neales, 11.1*0.; and J. Crozier, M.L.C., Messrs. J. H. Angas, M.P., S. V. Pizey, and the Hon. Secretary to be a Committee of Advice, towhom the above and other urgent matters might be referred for decision. The Hon. Secre tary reported receipt of various exhibits; also that he had received promises of large exhibits from the Secretaries of various Mining Com panies illustrating the copper mining industry of the colony; also that Messrs. F. Clark and Sons had collected a large and valuable assort ment of iron ores, which would shortly be ready for shipment. It was thought desirable that a descriptive pamphlet of the colony should be prepared, and that it should be translated into German for distribution at the Vienna Exhibi tion, and the Hon. Secretary was requested to communicate with the Chief Secretary on the subject. White's Rooms. — An entertainment by amateurs was given in White's Rooms on Tues day evening, in aid of St. Paul's Church Choir Fund. His Excellency the Governor and suite attended, and there was a very respectable audience, though not so numerous as* there would probably have been had an evening been chosen on which there were fewer counter, at tractions. - It i3 not often we have the pleasure of hearing so much musical talent in amateur performances as we heard* last evening, here and there a song or duet really rising above mediocrity. But we cannot refrain from offer ing a suggestion to some of the gentlemen, and particularly to him who sang the tenor part in the duet ' The Army and Navy,' not to hold their sheet of music exactly before their faces. It looks absurd to the audience to see a body and a pair of legs surmounted by a sheet of music. Besides, the tone of voice is not always robust, as, indeed, it was not in the case we have referred to; and when the sound is intercepted at its very source it becomes almost inaudible off the stage. More than one instance of the kind occurred last night, and the effect was to mar ?what was otherwise tolerably good music. The programme consisted of two parts, with an interval of 10 minutes between them. The first encore was given towards the end of the first part; after that the calls became frequent, not always the best song meeting with the loudest applause. Following our own judgment, irrespective of the encotes, we are disposed to mention as among the most creditable perfor mances — 'The Moon has raised her Lamp,' a duet by tenor and baritone voices; the song, 'My Pretty Jane;' a round by 'three male voices, called 'Halt! for the Bugle3 Sound;' and the ' The Army and Navy,' a tenor and baritone duet. Aquartette, 'ThetwoRoses,'and Lord Mornington's glee, ' Here in cool Grot,' were sung without accompaniment in a very able and pleasant manner. The concert was quite a success, and the applause was at times most enthusiastic. The Locusts.— A farmer from Bethel, who visited Kapunda on Saturday morning, informs us (Kajmnda Herald) that on the way he met complete clouds of locusts, some of the insects being fully an inch in length. The fanners in that direction have very sensibly began to burn the patches where the young locusts are to be found in such numbers. At the corner of Ford's paddock, just without the Corporation boundary, a large patch of ground was also quite black on Saturday morning with, young locusts about one-fourth of an inch in length. Prompt measures ought to be taken to exterminate these pests. Mr. Rtax's Kingfisher.—' Augur' of the Australasian opines that 'Mr. Ryan's Kingfisher may prove an efficient champion if The Ace should be a non-starter. Speed has always been regarded as Kingfisher's forte, but it is now said that he has learnt how to stay, and the style in which he comes home after a gallop of a couple of miles certainly favours this idea. His perfor mances last year were below mediocrity until he made his appearance at Ballarat, where he carried 9 st, and won the Selling Stakes easily enough, giving Detective a year and a stone. His next appearance was in the Talbot Handicap, wherein he met Lapdog and Valentine — the former at an advantage of 11 lbs. and the latter at 8 lbs.— but neither had the ghost of a show with him, for he won as he hked by three lengths, which he could have increased had he not swerved at the turn. He -afterwards^ tried conclusions with Contessa and Warrior in the Canterbury Stakes, but he was never in the hunt He finished third in the Launceston Cup, but won the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap by a neck, after a desperate race with Contessa; and just afterwards ran second for the Forced Handicap. At the Adelaide meeting he beat Saladin, Glencoe, and several others in the Queen's Guineas, a mile and a hah*, but has not appeared in pubKc since. It will be observed, then, that his victories have'all been gained over distances half a mfle short of the Cup course, and it now remains to be seen whether he can manage to get through a good field of horse3 in a race of two miles. -My own opinion is that' he'll look exceedingly dangerous until he gets within the distance, when his bolt will be shot, though he may struggle home about fourth.' The Returning Telegraph Party. — In consequence of enquiries which have been made of him, Mr. Todd has arranged that Mr. Patter eon will, from his next port of call, send on the names of the returning members of the expedi tion. Arrangements have also been made by several friends of the party to join the Omeo at the anchorage on arrival. 