S'rRANGE MODES OF LIVELITHOOD. The progress of society has a tendency on the one hand to diminish and on the other to multiply modes of livelillood. This sounds like a contradiction, yet it is a tfact. The use ofe machinerv simlphlfies operations, and often requires one Ihand at;d. one kirld of laboar where in i'rmer days several would have been necessary. But this tendency is ainply comlpnsated foi by tlie increased varietyv of wants which civilisation gene •ates, and the larger amouht of disposable capital. Those who are tlhrown out of one occupation are'invited by ai half a doze?s new ones to the field of exertion. They may suff'r some temporary inconvenience, but ivith a little patience nnd a fewV struggl, s they are soon aftloat again. There is a peIr son now constantly adlvertising irn tile papers whose sole business is to sugg'st modes of livelihioodl to such as s,'ek tihem. lMany of hemr lie outsite the ordinary routine, andl excite the industry of the ingenious and en terprising. Popuilar song-writing is held oute as a most lucrative callinrg, uiad song site;i are remindtled that " twenty,. forty, and as much as n hundred and fifty guineas have been giyen for the copyright of oine son.", Mr Russell is snill to be riapidly makinig' princely fritune by raking up old aiu aild setting .thetii to firesh words fill of feeling. " Miscellaneous little businesses" are ttu?,tt by the advertiser, such as the art of stutffing birds, making artificial marble, Dantzi' spruce beer, sealing-wak varnish, vinegar plants, liquid india-rubber, enu-de-Coldgne, Cheltenhamo, Buxton, and Harrogate waters, all at your owri home, and without going to the expense even of a railway ticket. The mystery of magic lanterns and dissolving views is unfolded, and you may learn how to raise not only the ghost of Samuel, but tlihe Witch of Endor as well, and, by adjusting two views, or two lantern-slides, in suiob i way that one shall gradually dtsappea'i while the other comes in sight, you may create mountain, marine, and landscape scenery, with all the powver of the.enchanter Phil lipsthal, who first suggested dissolving views. But it is not of such arts that'I mean to s.peak. However curious and ptromising they may be to indigent speculators, there are others of a more singular description, prae tised at odd times and under peculiar circum stances. Tlhey cannot be classified, because they are altogether abnormal, but they serve to show .how shifty human nature is, and how various are the resources by which ta kind Providence aids those who are driven to extremities. Who would have thought of a blind man readidg the Scriptures aloud on a Sunday morning to the passers-by in Oxford-tererace- reading, too, with his fiii. gets, moved quickly over the einbossed letters of a Testament for the blind ? Who could refuse a dole to so sacred, so touching an appeal? .I have seen a poor man in Paris who gained his livelihood by a con trivance somevwhat less honest, yet very in genious. He could not play a note, bit ;he cerried about with him a wretched clarionet in a black case. ie woutld wend his way among the frequenters of the cafes on the Boulevards and draw his instrument froit the bag. Of coutrse every one took'hlalai' bult when lie approached modestly an'd de clared that hie had intended to play them a tune, but was really afinid of annoyin them because hlie played so badly, a quantity of sons weore.always showered into his hat. About fifty years ago there iWas a man:i i Rlipon called "Old Boots," who lived literally by his nosd anti chin. He naifected, in:deed, to swveep a crossing, and to tldo all sorts of odtld jobs, but his main reliancewms on his queer phiz... Nature and habit hind brought his nose and chin so near together tlat whatever money was given him he tool, it between them as if they weru a finter .and thumb. T''he sweat of "Old [loots's" bromv, therefore, was all the less because the lower part of his face was marvellously like a pair of nutcmckers. I have seen child'en who gained a subsistence by bringing.up coppers in their mouth from the bottom of the sea: A few years ago I happened to wike one morning" in the harbour of Civita Vecehim, and when I came on.deck a number of pas" sengers were looking ovet the vessel's side at a troop of pale meagre urchins who were plunging one alter another and brin ing the coins thrown in for them between their teethl It was the third of Nlovember, and I heartily wished the poor little divers a less shivering employment. It might be all very well in the middle of June, but it seemed to r e chill charity to make the gift of a baiocco depend on a dive in the salt sea in winter. But this was their way of earning their daily bread. The papers last year recorded the death, of. a man whose occupation in thlis country was quite unique. In France there are many lifrog-catchers, for, the French think fitogo, and especially their white thighs, a delicate autumnnal repast. Frog suip, too, is often iecommended by the country dooctors among them in cases of consumption. ]But we have, 1ierhaps, but one fi'og- catcher in the kingdom--one only who, like the late Joames Smith, devotes iimself entirely to.this puiti; suit. [le was for seventeen years purveyor. of frogs to the Zoologicai GQirdens, iantl died in the parish of Maly!ebone, aged fifty.-two. About the beginnging of this century. Mrs: Dards.succeeedlI as well with her exhibitions as Madame 'Tassaud does now ; but they, wete of altogethler a different kinid. Tliev. consistpd of artificit|l flowers made by herself with fishbones. Her .lillies of the valley: were, particularly admired. The cup. was: mlwavs ftbrmed by the bone containing thei turilot's brinins, aInd MItrs Dards was obligedl to, scunro the Ifavour of tlho landlords of:the principal London taverns in pr!otr to hayv these and other fishbones saved bor her use:; Doubtless out'r Hleavenly :Father. looks down graciiusly on. the ingenuity, anid perseverance of His children. Mrs Dard's patient toil was slight when comnoarted with. that of. many other artisans. IThink, fort examtple, of thle finesse of touch :.and sight; 'eqmisitie to produce a.carviPn8 in .bas.relie~F on a ch'erry-stpne, which shall fetch the enormous price of 387. Yet this sum was realised for such a work in Paris two years ago. It is, indeed, in the heart of g~ieat capitals in this " wondrous mother age" that ihe strangest modes ol livlihood may be discovoered. Hov curious to watch the 7iffoniers in Paris, picikng up morsels of paper, and raking all the ashes thrown into the streets for bits of card, iron, and leather, and for bones and cinders ! How dex terously they fix their long prongs in the scraps from waste-paper baskets, and drop them into the frail on their shoulders ! A. visit to the rag-warahouses where they dis pose of their booty is n it so agreeable, for the odour is anything but sweet. I have never seen more than a couple of genumne cdnfonniers in London, and they were in Green Park. They had all the skill and appatatus of Parisian ragmen, but [ am afraid they did not drive a very prosperous trade. Did you ever visit the pold-weighiing department in the bank of England ? If so, I think you will agree with me that the ivork of the clerks there is not to be envied. It is true they are very responsible and trustworthy gentlemeon; but it anything could breed a distaste for gold'in this gold huiiting generation, it wnuldl be tlhe in Cessant glitter and chink of the queen's coin, tiring the eyes and ears, and jading tile iinid. Six clerks are employ.d constantly ir: weighing thile sovereigns. Wlwn n vacancy occurs it is not filled up withonut the consent and approval of the remaining five being given to the new appointment. Tlius each enjoys the confilence of the others and no fi'nud or even suspicion of firaud has occuirred during thie last twenty-two years. They are at wvork six honrs in the day, and :drinlg that time 60,000 sovereigns pass thro'ugh their Iands. Th proces; ofwteigh inn is gratlv fimilitated by a machine o, nm paraitively new, and of extreme precision. The sovereign dropped into it iminediately slidbs to a place wheire if too lighlit it' s thrown on one side, eid if of due weight falls on the other. The good sovereigns a're put into bags of a tlhousand each, and the light ones are marked across, and either ient to the mint to be recas , or returned to the :bankers from whom they came, who often sell them to goldsmiths to he iused as ivorkiig gold. High-horn ladites who pride themselves on their gold ornamnerits, their brooches and chains,lita le think 'hr:ough howy many dirty fingers the gold has passed and in hiow many plebeian tills it has rested on its way. 'IThe sphere of strange employvments is widening, and there is reason to believe that the air will teem witli tlrhen soon no less than the earth andl sea. It is impassible now-a-days to pass over aiRial navigation wvith a smile. General meetins of the Aironautical Society are heldi at the society ot Arts, and a nobleman no less distinguished than the Duke of Argyll fiequently takes the chair. The papers and translations of this body have been recently published by MRessrs :Cassell, and proposals have already been made for an association or joint-stock company to promote locomotion in air. We cannot now reject such schemes on religions gro6ulrtds, nor maintain that balloon voyoges are of necessity a tetmninriog of Providence, for there was a time when it was thought equally rash to trust hulman life to tihe rolling ocean in a frail bark. Suppose for a moment that we obtain the means of con trolling and guridtug balloons effectually thrbugh wayward currents of air, either by " pressure produced by their motion," or in some other way-suppose this, and aierial travelling will soon become systematised, airid a goodly troop af active young men will be seeking occupation in the regions of the wind, or; in stations bordering on that sublime and gusty realm. The labours of Montgolfier and Gavarni, ot Nadar and Glaisher, will not have been thrown away. ''They will prove in the end a fiuitful source of labour to an entire class of indigent artisans tosay nothing of the mate'ial and mental advantages they will secure to the rest of society. Such advance is closely allied to man's highest good, for whatever raises him' in the scale of creation makes him fitter for the service of his Creator. Let no one despair of finding a suitable field of labour. Rather than allow one of His servants to perish for lack of occupation, God would make a unique employment expressly to meet his case. We have seen in the world's history a thousand instances of such special provisions; and, though they are rarely weanted, they never fail to present them solves sooner or later at the call of prayer. Wihat monuments of historical research PTi~ebtt' has left behind him! yet he was -irmost deprived of the use of hIris eyes. Pro viidence gave him the means of employing readers and amanuenses without whom he coulti have'done nothing. The strangeness of' our relief will be proportioned to the ptidraugeness of put' iyouostances, if we ar;e only willing to work, and welcomne 'lab~ir, however singular may be its 'shape. If every day brings fbrth new " Social B3ces," every day produces also fresh puostures on which thlty are to feed, and firesh cells in which to deposit their stores. 