AUSTEALLOT POETRY-THE \- SPECTBES. A BALI^AD. Hark to the sable ghosts how they scream, And the owlet responds in fear, And the fisherman" netting on Crawford s ; stream Starts when old Carrip is near. _ He waits not he for his fish or his net, But rushes like mad away ; And his brow is suffused with, a clammy sweat- . ; "1... He scarcely takes time to pray. For Carrip wanders on Crawford's banks From Stock's to Mackenzie's hole, And sometimes marshalls his shadowy ranks, And screams at the death tree's bole. And sometimes he issues on Crawford plain, Or lurk's in the brashwood sere And he often weeps where hia heroes were slain, And threatens his shadowy spear. And then he tucks up his sleeves to bake, Like a baker in shadowy b6wer, And.invites the white fellow's ghost to partake. Of his bread made of arsenic flour. ^ Like a Rembrandt picture to the fire he hies, It's ruined bank to rebuild, But before he kindles its embers ie tries For the rocket and bomb shell concealed ; And then he points to his shattered knee, And utters a ghastly groan '' Alas I alas J 'twas hard,", quoth he " To be shot from one's own hearth stone !" For Carrip alive on his own domain, Was chased like a dingo wild ; . . And now he haunts the Hotspur-.plain, And frightens the white man's child. And when he and his heroes, stalwart and brave In the swamp ignis fatui bright Are seen, his lubra sits on his grave, And sings to the spirit of night. And far away where the star-lights burn The ghosts of his forefathers scream, And still to the Father of all they turn, And pointing their fingers at him, Proclaim that to him, and to him alone, Redress and revenge belongs; And he will make the oppressor atone, And punish the blackfellows' wrongs. Then down to the distant earth they steer, Jike eagles on dusky wing, And there they threaten with shadowy spear And the shadowy bomerangs fling. And Carrip beats on the tqm torn loijd Till midnight has passed away And then like a baseless vision, or cloud, The corrob'ree disolves away. " Little children, be ruled by me, Nor linger till daylight fades; Get home betimes, lest 'you chance to see The kiiig and his mournful shades.: For soon the'glorious sun subsides Emerging from.yonder yew, . Adown the river he slowly glides,' Paddling his dark canoe. But weeping,- still weeping, for ever he weeps, His anguish is bitter and wild He mourns his stalwart heroes slain, And laments for his children mild; And he mutters, "I must forgive them For the Father above says 'forgive,' Altho' they murdered my .babes, I must love . .-them, _ . . 'Tis hard';1 but my spirit must live." For after the grave comes judgment, ? And then comes the stripes, or reward; And I must prepare for that judgment, Although to love my oppressor is hard. But still for. a season on Crawford's banks, My vanquished tribe in their shrouds-1 Will form fflriel martial ranks;' And then retire to the clouds. And a smiling God to us will say On his great;white throne so bright: . My sable children, come away, And share'my love and light.?1 