ROMANCE IN AUSTRALIA. BY THE AUTHOR OF " LIFE'S VICISSITUDES," " KATE DONLAVY," so. I WILL not true you with a recital of the little occurrences during my second voyage, happily it was not disastrous like the first Miriam and I landed at Sydney, having met with nothing untoward in j odd a little delay My heart beat with mingled pain and pleasure in revisiting those old familiar scenes I naturally sought the house which sheltered me when I had landed, a poor shipwrecked emigrant, so long, long ago I could have no doubt found better as well as more suitable accommodation, being well-supplied with money, but my heart clung to the associations connected with that mean lodging though I dated not question myself why I did so I found Mrs Wilson the same as over, and quietly allowed her exclamations an uninterrupted flow " Oh dear I Well now who d have thought it As I had no need to ask a single question Perhaps that was one reason of mv returning to Mrs Wilson s I well! know that from her volubility I should learn all I wished to hear, and probably even more " And so the doctor has come back, Miss Alleyne '" exclaimed the good woman, before I had been an hour in her house Yesterday that ether was I met him Ah, sir,' said I I did think you would have brought poor Miss Alleyne with your' 'Mrs Wilson!' said he, with a little start, and a frown I didn't dare to say another word you may be sure, for though he's not soon put out, when he is it's something terrible " ' So," I exclaimed, monthly, the very mention of my name produces evidence of anger and disgust, it has then come to this But I will show him that I too can change, that I am no longer the weak fool he has hitherto known mo'" While my spirit was roused and supported by indignation, I determined to write to him, to write also to the Freemans, and tell them I had returned to my real friends, and reported having left them I sat down and began my letter "They say the doctor is going to be married after all, Miss Alleyne," interrupted Mrs Wil " Is he ?" said I, coldly. I would not allow my hand to tremble, though a pang shot through my heart which seemed insupportable. But I commanded my feelings, and wrote of Dr. Seaton a calm, quiet letter, informing him of my arrival, and requesting to see him that I might defend myself against his unjust and un- generous accusations. " I concluded by saying, 1 ' I remain in Sydney simply for this explanation 5 the moment after, I leave again, to rejoin the friends who have been unchangeably generous, and who exculpated 11 0 from blame, believing in me when I had nothing but my simple assertion to offer against accusing circumstances. In meres sing the ocean, as I have lately done, my principal object is to show myself sensible of their tried affection and Oddity. I wish unequivocally to impress on Dr. Seaton's mind, that no remaining weekness, no lingering remembrance of past affection actuates or has actuated my late movements. Such feelings are for over dead within me. My only wish is to express a sense of the injustice shown me, and to repel the breath of calumny. I do not ask an opportunity of ex- comparing myself, but I demand it by the right which traduced innocence has to appeal against oppression." I immediately despatched my letter, and wrote, yes, actually wrote, to Mr. Freeman, Anything seemed more endurable than the thought that Seaton should suppose me still weakly attached to him. But when I had finished my letter I wanted resolution to despatch it's my heart sickened at the thought of uniting myself to one who only possessed my gratitude and esteem. I laid the letter down j I grow more and more resolute. Perhaps too my conscience began to accuse me of the wrong I purposed inflicting on the excellent Mr. Freeman for a grievous wrong it would assuredly have been to have given him my hand without my heart, and that, not to promote his happiness, but to spare what I falsely supposed my own dignity. My resolution was rapidly giving way, I was in tears, and desired to be left alone, that I might seek guidance where only it could be found. I awaited then, in trembling apprehension, the result of my letter to Dr. Seaton. It was twilight. I was sitting just on the spot I had been accustomed to occupy in other and happier days. I heard the step which I could have distinguished among a thousand ascending the staircase. My heart beat tumultuously I had a hard struggle to command my feelings, but I did succeed in doing so I and as Seaton entered, I rose calmly, and received him as I might any mere acquaintance ; but the mask was useless j ho snatched me to his heart, exclaiming, Annie, dearest! best-beloved, I know all-all the wrong I have done you I but you can never know half my sorrow and repentance!" Captain Ludlow's words were indeed verified, for five minutes after his entrance I caught myself asking Seaton's forgiveness for I scarcely know what offence, and all my indignation was suddenly gone whither I knew not. I found that I had no explanation to give ; that Seaton, as he said, really know all. Only for a short time he let me puzzle myself as to how his information had been derived. To my great surprise he produced a closely written letter from Mr. Ludlow, whom he had never seen in his life excepting once standing beside meat my little window in London but who, nevertheless, seemed to know him well, though how he knew him was still a great mystery. Dear, kind Mr. Ludlow I I never can forget the considerate delicacy with which he expressed himself in that letter, paring the way for our reconciliation without seeming to ask it. With manly frankness he detailed to Seaton a portion of his history (at least that portion connected with mine), and made every doubtful circumstance appear in its true light. In fact, I was entirely exculpated, the clouds disappeared from my hitherto stormy sky, and for the first time I learnt to know actual happiness happiness so great, so inexpressible, that I trembled beneath its unaccustomed weight, and wondered whether it could long be borne ¡ it was so difficult to believe that the doubts and fears, the trials and perplexities which had beset my path, were really gone, and gone for over! Seaton too, seemed joyful and happy; but his joy, his happiness- could not equal mine. He pressed me to consent to an immediate union, giving as the most weighty reason my uncertain and unprotected position. " And dear Annie," said he, " I shall not feel sure that you are really mine until I have the right to guide and control your erratic movements. I hope we shall undertake no more voyages, that we have done with ship wrecks, and shall only contemplate the sea in future as a distant acquaintance " " That I never can," exclaimed between smiles and tears, " it was the sea that--" and I broke off abruptly, confused with the many images crowding on us " " True, dearest," Bald Seaton partly divining my thoughts, " to the sea I owe all my happiness, under Prondonco-that divine guide who does all things well " We were now silent with subdued and grateful emotions It was a source of great delight to me to And that Seaton was very favorably in pressed with my sister Few people indeed could have seen her without the strongest in forest I had so long been accustomed to look up to Season as something superior to the rest of humanity, that all he said appeared to me oracular, and I should not have had courage to oppose his wishes even had they been unreasonable, accordingly our marriage took place as soon as a few hasty preparations could be made Such burned weddings are so common in the colony that ours created very little sensation, and no surprise Seaton had previously introduced me to Mrs Norman, who showed me great attention, and was as cordial as though we had never been made I never met with a person of so even a temperament as Caroline Norman She had, it is true, but little heart, and loss sons bility , these deficiencies however were over balanced by an abundant stock of good nature We have, ever since my marriage, been very m timate, but yet I cannot say that any real friend Ship exists between us I should have told you that Mr. Norman, with very proper feeling, had offered to restore Sia ton's practice to him on his return from England, but he was unwilling to deprive him of the advantages arising from an established connection On our marriage, however, it was finally settled that they should form a partnership Mrs Norman had for sometime past discovered so many inconveniences and so many wants in the house with the green verandah that she had coaxed and smiled her husband into taking a more commodious and fashionable dwelling we gladly took possession of the sweet home which my dear husband had planned, and which he had SO tastefully embellished To me it was a paradise ; it is one still. Not long after, a singular circumstance occurred, which was a convincing proof that sooner or later Providence justifies His ways to man by dooling deserved retribution to the guilty, even when well-merited vengeance may have seemed to slumber for awhile. One day Seaton entered the house, pale and agitated, and before I could ask an explanation he informed me that he had to his great amazement, just recognised among a gang of convicts the once elegant and fascinating Bertrand, the destroyer of his sister, and of the gentle Emily. " How did he look ?" I enquired. " Moro despairing than repentant, I fear," replied Season. At first, surprise and irritation rivetted me to the spot, but when I recovered self-possession and was fully convinced of the unhappy man's identity, I hastened away lest he should, in recognising me, feel his misery heightened by those stings of remorse which my presence could not fail to excite for how could he see me without recalling to mind the images of his two victims ?" Seaton afterwards learnt that Bertrand, after running through his fortune in a course of extravagance and dissipation, bad at length to supply the means of continuing the luxurious life to which he had been always accustomed) recourse to the base part of the forger, and had practised it to such an extent that the avenging hand of justice had at length overtaken him, and in punishing the lessor era had brought on his guilty head the retribution which his greater crimes had well deserved. But to return to myself. They say that heaven allows on earth no happiness without some shadow of alloy, ROBI TWO should cling too fondly to the objects which most delight us. Yet surely my happiness was perfect, or nearly so ! Now that I have qualified it with nearly so," I must narrate a painful occurrence which took place but one week after I had become the wife of Seaton. I met Mr. Freeman, and while I was hesitating with regard to speaking to him, or to avoiding his presence, while every grateful impulse urged me to the first, and a fear of wounding his feelings suggested the other course, he perceived me, and darting forward eagerly seized my hand, ex- claiming, " Annie, dear Annie, you have returned to me!" and this he said with a countenance of such glowing happiness that I felt almost like a culprit as I stammered forth, " Oh, Mr. Freeman, you misconceive me entirely j I am" I could not continue. "What are you?" he cried, dropping my hand in dismay. I am married," I replied ; but I said it in so trembling a voice that I seemed like a criminal' stammering forth a confession of guilt. " Married " repeated Mr. Freeman-? " married !" He spoke as if he did not well take in the meaning of my words. Then slowly passing his hand over his forehead, as if to clear up his ideas, he asked, " To whom ?" " To Dr. Seaton," I answered, humbly. Mr. Freeman stood still for a moment, looked at me very earnestly, then hurriedly uttering, " God bless you, Annie !" he turned hastily away, and we have never met since. I could not for years think of Mr. Freeman without a heart-ache, which not even my own rare happiness could chase away. Never did there exist a man more generous, more noble hearted. I felt it right that Seaton should at least offer to refund the sum which Mr. Free- man had so generously advanced for my to BO . he accordingly wrote to him on the subject in the most cautious manner he possibly could, but he seemed so wounded that we both thought it best to drop the subject, and agreed to give an equivalent sum to the funds of the hospital. I often felt anxious to write to, or communicate in some way with Mrs. George Freeman, if only by a few words of gratitude and affection ; but I was restrained at once by the fear of being misconstrued, and the conviction that if nothing occurred to restore me to his recollection, Mr. Freeman's excellent understanding would soon voluntarily banish the recollection of an unrequited affection. So I was content to appear ungrateful, from a tender regard to the peace and welfare of the most estimable people I had ever known in my life. I have said my happiness was unclouded ; but how could I feel it to be entirely so at a time when I was separated from my dear little Henry ? Until after my meeting and happy reconciliation with Seaton, excitement had in a measure supported my spirits, but when there was nothing more to struggle for no more severe storms to contend with, I felt the want of the precious child I had so long considered as my own, and loved as such But I was destined to be blessed, far beyond my deserts, in all my affections Three months after my marriage I find the joy of welcoming my treasure to my heart and home Captain Ludlow and his sister, Helena | Morton, with her two children and my own Henry, arrived without my having any previous intimation of their movements Mrs Morton had determined upon bringing up her boys, whose prospects of fortune were very slender, in the colony, wherein their sUCCesS mlifowould be more easily realised, and her brother could not devolve on allowing her to undertake the trials and difficulties of emigration alone and unprotected I shall never forgot the day of their arrival at It was such bright, sunny weather' Seaton was out on professional business Marian and I sat in the verandah, tur founded by the glowing flowers of Australia, which, though they want the perfume of your | more simple gordon favorites, are often trebly gorgeous to the eye, like the flowers of eastern lands Maria and I were talking over the | singular and providential events which had led us to our new and pleasant home, and no thou | naturally diverted to our friends on the other side of the sea Henry, my dear Henry, was, as you may imagine, uppermost in my thoughts, and ardently did I wish that I could again behold his face, and hear his sweet voice Fietiuo thou to yourself my delight when, in the mind of my reverie, Henry's clear, ringing laugh echoed through the air, thou carry a light buoyant step, and my darling rushed into my arms I cried and laughed by turns, and while the same lady oioiiBs8cono was enacting Captain Ludlow and danced, with a lady leaning on his arm She was dressed entirely in black, was not hand some, but had an air of grace and amiability much more engaging than beauty could be Her boys were fine little follows, though of course not so lovely in my estimation as my dear Henry If not a very merry party, it was cer- tainly a very happy one which assembled round our table that day when my dear husband returned Captain Ludlow and he met as old friends I tried hard with true feminine | curiosity to draw from Mr Ludlow by what means he had acquired so much information with regard to Seaton and myself, but whether | to punish me for the eagerness I displayed To learn everything, or from more serious motives, I know not, but he always contrived to bullio my attempts at obtaining an explanation His kind home rejoiced at my happiness, and I really believe that his earnest wish to render my Doherty complete had much to do with his roBO lution of returning to Sydney With much anxiety I enquired how long his stay would be " How long said he " I hope never more I to leave these shores Henry must be brought up an Australian I consider him one by birth " How full of thankfulness I was when I heard ] those words " I am not sure that you will not soon have a much larger addition to your family, continued Mr Ludlow, smiling " What can you moon?" I exclaimed, not a comprehending his allusion " I mean that your mother is very likely to follow you out soon," he replied " She says she I misses you sadly , you were her right hand at a home In short, she can't do without you, and indeed she has become so much attached to [ Henry that she threatens to follow him I thought I detected a most unusual, mischievous expression in Captain Ludlow's eye, which he certainly did not mean me to see, for ] he turned his head away when I looked up The impression left on my mind was painful I I could not help fooringthntpoormamma'sidoasof her own and her children's interests had led her to some display of an improbable affection for the child of a widower in easy oirouniBtau'-CB Had she really known Cup air Ludlow as I did, she would have perceived in him a depth of sensibility rarely to be witnessed, and the image of his lost wife was so indelibly impressed there, that no fresh attachment could succeed that of his youth Captain Ludlow's words were verified - mamma emigrated to Sydney. My husband received her and her family with all the respect and attention I could have desired ; but he felt with me, that mamma would consult her own happiness and dignity much more by remaining in her present position than by forming another union. She, however, thought otherwise Both the Ludlow, and my relatives lived closely in our neighborhood, and the intercourse between the three houses was constant. Mamma became very intimate with Mrs. Morton, but that intimacy led to no particular result. My poor mother then seemed to change her views, and who did all in her power to promote a match between Mr. Ludlow and Marian, who, being perfectly innocent and guileless, did not once every suspect these designs for her benefit. Happily, however, all the plans laid for securing some of Captain Ludlow's money in the family utterly failed. I Bay happily, for had he married under any circumstances the result would have proved most unfortunate to himself and others, as you will see by the circumstance I am about to relate, and which will probably seem to you more like the fiction of romance than what it actually is a true incident of real life. We had all been settled down in Sydney nearly a year. I was beginning to feel quite matronly, and heaven has blessed us with an addition to our happiness, in the birth of a sweet child. I am sure dear Seaton was as happy in the possession of a daughter as I was myself. From that time his tenderness for me seemed, if possible, to increase. Already with fond parents pride in our girl's loveliness-a loveliness which perchance none but ourselves discovered we had quite resolved in our own minds that, some eighteen or twenty summers from that time, our sweet Mary would become Mrs. Henry Ludlow. Then Seaton (though he had joined in the idea) laughed at me, and said I had inherited the art of match-making from poor mamma. Our dispute ended amicably (in- deed we have never had a quarrel from the first day of our married life a circumstance which was, I think, to be attributed more to dear Sea ton's equal temper, and my sense of his superiority to me, than to any other cause ; but just as the discussion concluded, Captain Ludlow walked in, looking pale and harassed, and saying that he wished to speak to me alone. Sea- ton was just going out to see his patients, SO he left us together, for, as I feared, some painful and disagreeable explanation. I had long apprehended that Mr. Ludlow perceived mamma's views with regard to himself. I was, however, mistaken in attributing his present visit to that cause; for if he had perceived what was to me so I obvious, be had the delicacy to keep her come I mentioned to himself. When my husband had left the 100m I on quired, with some trepidation, if anything had occurred to account for Mr Ludlow's paleness and agitation " Something husoccuircd," said he, with an increased pallor that really alarmed me, " some thing which I scarcely know how to communicate to you , Indeed, I am inclined to think that you will consider what I am about to relate as the vision of a disordered imagination, but I assure you it is not. First of all I must ask you to promise me that, in case of anything happen- ing to me, you will-" "But that should happen to you, my door sir ? ' interrupted I " Surely you are becoming not yours and fanciful " " I am not long for this world," said he, solemnly "But what has led you to such is conclu Bion ? ' I asked. "letter," said he, standing up and looking out into the garden with a strangely fixed eye fell ino, if one from the world of spirits appeared to you, should you not take it as a warning of approaching death ?" " Perhaps I should," I replied, " but to speak duly, I have little belief in spectres or visions of any kind " " Nor had I any belief at all," sold Captain Ludlow, until I was forced to school by the strongest evidence Liston lo inc, Mrs Seaton, and do not treat my words as the delusion of a morbid brain Agnes, had) long lost but still fondly loved Agnes, has appeared to me ! I see what you think that I am mad, or a hypochondriac , but I am neither She has appeared to me, palpably as in life still lovely, but was, and exceedingly pale As I stood transfixed with two and honor, she raised her hand as if she would have spoken, but before I could articulate a word she was gone That last mournful look I never can forgot Is not this enough to make me think I have received a summons from the invisible world ? Speak ' told me am I not right ?" I looked at Captain Ludlow with surprise and compassion, for I really did not believe him to be in his senses "You don't believe me" he exclaimed, with a flash of indignation, so contrary to his usual gentleness of temper that I was now convinced of his insanity. It was in vain to soon be 01 reason with him all my efforts seemed to im tale instead of soften him, so I tried to direct his thoughts into another channel, and spoke of Henry " Ah, JOB," said he, suddenly recollecting him self, " it was of Henry that I came to speak to you If I am not spared to bring him up, he will require a guardian beyond Helena m abilities and strength of character Will join husband be such to him ?" 1 felt sure that I might faithfully promise, m Seaton's name, that he would not only be the poor child's guide and protector, but in London father to him in the event of his requiring a parent's care I did not feel it necessary to make promises for myself, for Captain Ludlow know too well my devotion to his child He did not again advert to his remarkable vision, as he supposed me incredulous , so after con- versing with me a hit to long-on with reference to Henry, the poor captain departed I sat and thought so much about what he had been s 13 mg of his door Agrees that I began to feel nervous and excited myself Seaton was detained far beyond his usual hour. The shadows of evening were rapidly closing round me, and in the dim light I felt UB I never remember having felt before or since A thrill of honor ran over me I felt my imagination BO powerfully acted upon that the appearance of a spirit would scarcely have surprised me I pondered over Captain Ludlow's words till I I asked myself whether they might not be based on reality Why should we say that the disembodied spirit is not free to wander back to the earth on which it has suffered and rejoiced to yond all, on which it has formed those links of love which we fondly hope will be immortal as the soul itself Yet from fear of the imputation I of weakness we deny the possibility of that which something within us still whispers " may be!" I was alone in the IIOUBO, excepting for the presence of my baby, who was sleeping, and two maids who were engaged in their duties at some distance I felt ashamed to call upon either of them, simply that I might not grow more and more fanciful in solitude So I sat still till it was nearly dark, and my nervous fancies grew so thick upon me that I breathed quickly, and momentarily expected some dreadful object to pierce the deep gloom pervading the room. In that painful state of mind, something lod my memory back to the wreck of the Mayflower 2 and as I mentally revolved the agonising scene, the death scream of the perishing emigrants rang through my cars with us fearful a distinctness as if it had been a reality. At that moment a shadow passed the window i I was speechless with horror j but when I heard the handle of the door gently turn, and Botno one onter, I was still more terrified, " Oh, Henry Henry, dearest, don't leave me alone again 1" I exclaimed, when I found myself once more safely under my husband's protection. " Alone, dearest !" said Seaton. " I left Captain Ludlow with you-not a very enlivening companion, I admit, but-" " Oh, he has been telling me such fearful things !" I cried, interrupting him, while I clung to his arm like a frightened child-" such fearful things !" " What things, love ?" asked Seaton, sooth- ingly. He says, I replied, sinking my voice almost to a whisper, " he says, Henry, that his wife has appeared to him, and that the vision is portentous of death." " Perhaps he has seen her," said Seaton. "You think so you think it possible!" I gasped. I only said perhaps, dear Annie !" replied Season. Then you believe in spirits ?" I asked, fearfully, for I well know that if Henry said he did, I should immediately become a confirmed believer, and I dreaded such a conclusion." " This is a subject that has troubled and agitated wiser heads than mine, dear Annie, said Seaton ; but I think we shall discuss it more advantageously and pleasantly with the aid of candles than in the dark astute of nature only tolerable to criminals groping after crimes, or to dreamy poets, mentally framing rhymes j to lovers, too, perhaps, and yet not so. Tasso, I think it is, who represents a pair of ' inamorata,' loving to watch the reflection of their felicity in a mirror, a pleasure of which darkness would have deprived them." By this time I was enabled to smile at my own folly j and when the candles appeared, the curtains were drawn, tod we Mt down to very comfortable, matter-of-fact tea ; I felt my spirits sensibly relieved, and was ready to defy all the ghosts iii Christendom. "I wish you were never obliged to leave me, dear Henry!" said I-a speech which would have made almost any husband vexed and irrit- able, but which Seaton took as a proof of after, lion, while the next minute reproached myself with it is proceeding from sidelines. " Now for Ludlow's story !" said Seaton. " Oh no ! not now, dear Henry," said I, quickly "pray not now." " Oh yes, let us have the discussion over," said Seaton. " Don't be afraid ; I will sit close beside you, will hold your hand all the time, and perhaps we shall see no visions to-night. Tell me, what does poor Ludlow suy ?" " He says that his wife has really appeared to him. While he remained with me I was inclined to think that the vision he supposed himself to have seen was merely the crown of his own brain,ugititcd and distracted by many painful recollections. But after wards, as I sat alone and thought over many things I had heard of the same kind, I began to think it was-" "Possible that he had seen his wife?" said Seaton. " Yes, indeed," I answered, growing more serious. " Well, so do I think," said Seaton, smiling , but it was not the entire of derision for he seemed quite in earnest "What' do you here the reality of the vision ?" I exclaimed. "I do indeed behold its reality," sold Souton. " What is that noise ?" cried I, starting. "Liston liston !" "The wind swaying to and fro," Bind Seaton "I will go and fasten it, dear Annie " "Oh no, not pray don't leave me" I exclaimed I had never been so silly, I do think, in my life I felt quite ashamed of my self, and of my iibBiird, childish, weakness. "Annie! Annie can this be your" said Seaton, you that have gone through so many trying scones with the courage of a heroine, now to become like a frightened child! But I see your nerves are completely unstrung I think, however, that I can i os are your equanimity by telling you that this same vision, which poor Captain Ludlow takes as a supernatural warn- ing of impending sale, has been witnessed also by me." By yearly you, dear Henry I exclaimed. "Yes, by me; but in the very unghostly shape of (IOBII and blood-living, breathing, speaking, Annie '" "You cannot mean that she is living" I exclaimed. " She could only have been saved by a miracle. Oh, no, it cannot be !" " So might anyone have said of you, dear Annie your being saved was miraculous, in fact all the muscles we receive from our Creator and miracles in a certain BOIIBO Liston calmly to the, door Annie, if you can Don't start so , it is only the shutter again You have heard me talk of a poor woman in the hospital, suffering from ill health both of mind and body, * her mental disorder, however, not amounting to violent madness, but consisting principally in a kind of morbid melancholy and loss of memory She was repeatedly asking for her husband, but only giving him the name of Henry Jones ly asked herhorown name, BIIB answered me, with a quiet composure of manner, and a gentleness of aspect which was a silly more painful to witness than the ravings of insanity, that she could not tell she had forgotten it. And then she burst into toms, and said she -remembered nothing but that she had lost three friends, and had wandered about for a long time in search of them, but never could succeed , yet she was sure she had lost them only the day before the marks of great beauty are still visible in her countenance, and her demeanor is so graceful that she is evidently both well born and well bred She was taken into the hospital a long while ago, as a helpless homeless wanderer, clothed in rags, and utterly destitute She has required no lcBtriunt, and is always gentle and submissive All we could learn about her was that she was brought in a vessel from Van Die men's Land Her mind has continued in the same hopeless condition till to day, when on visiting her I was surprised to find her manner and aspect totally changed, and her countenance I full of intelligence, though she looked ill, BE if shattered by some sudden shock or surprise I enquired if anything had occurred, and was told that she had been out for several hours the day before, having escaped the valance of the nurses When she was found and brought back every one who saw her remarked, like myself, on her altered demeanor. I questioned her cautiously, and found that, though timid and reserved, she was rudely awakened toromombrnnco. By slow degrees I drew from her the facts that had presented thomsolveson.-o more to her long slumbering mind. She told me that she was the daughter of an English officer of some runk, that she had married without her father's consent, and was following her HUsband (who had just- grated Some months previously) to Sydney, when she, in common with a number of other ill fated emigrants, had been wrecked when they had almost reached their place of destination She had lost her infant in the wreck, and was saved herself she know not how She had no conception of what had occurred to her since at least she had only had dim visions of life since her shipwreck AS you will see, I was not BLOW in connecting this unfortunate beings Story with that of our friend Ludlow, and was quite confirmed in my supposition when she told me that she had certainly seen her husband, and that the sight of one so long lost, but so fondly loved, had restored her to the state of a rational being But,' she added, Sighing, ' as my dimmed memory was just awakening, and I approached him, trembling with joyful surprise to which my lips refused to give utterance, he looked at me so strangely, with such a ghastly state, that I thought I was once more including myself, as I had done a hundred times before, and I turned from him in despairing grief. But no sooner had I turned away than my conviction of having really seen him returned to me more strongly than over, and I retraced my steps. It was evening - I was standing among the busy haunts of men with whom I had no sympathy, nor had they any i with me. With the return of memory came the consciousness of my lonely and deso- late situation, and of all the happiness I had lost. A thousand images rose before me ; my gray-haired, justly offended father, who had died, perhaps without blessing or forgiving me, was the foremost of the sad train. I was in the street j a woman at the door of a shop stood watching me as I leant against the wall of the next house, looking no doubt very unearthly. I saw that she looked compassionate, so I ventured to speak to her, and asked who WM the gentleman that had just gone by. She replied that it was a Mr Ludlow from England, who was just going to be married to Dr Seaton's sister I could hear no more, I thought I should soon forget everything again I wished I might, after hearing those dreadful n bids I rushed away , but I know not where to go I know nothing of my refuge here, wherefrom tell me I have been kindly taken care of so long and had not one of the nurses come in search of mound ice! me back, I might still have been wandering in the streets I don't know who this Dr Seaton and his sister are , but I am quite sure they are very wicked people, she added, with childish simplicity " they are not quite so bad as you to make said I and I assure you that you have been quite misinformed with regard to Captain Ludlow, who, though he certainly has long believed you irretrievably lost to him, has always con- smiled tenderly al tached to your memory, and this, I am confident, novel for a moment thought of forming any other connection " Then it is till null' she exclaimed, clasping her pale, thin hinds in ecstacy A 'and I shall see him again! and no shall laborer again those blessed days' But,' added she, in an altered tone, ' he will ask me for his child and iniiia,itiid when he hears that I selfishly forsook it left it to perish that I might save himself, he will turn from me with horror' "'No, no he will not,' said I, 'ho knows that you did not forsake your child, that the the over ruling hand of Providence separated you from him He knows all, and he will do more to you the lost treasure' " ' My child, my child ' Does my child live ?' she cried, with frantic joy 'Let me see him -let me go to him !' "Overcome with joyful emotions, she fainted I was glad that she did A continuance of such emotion would probably have once more over turned her reason Tho my was too great to bear I have just come from her, Annie We must contrive to fetch her home to us , we must cautiously prepare poor Ludlow for his joyful surprise, and manage to bring about (lion first nation low in the way which seems least likely to produce bad results for either A flood of joy is much more overwhelming than one of grief, and more destructive in its consequences " Daily the next morning I accompanied my husband to the hospital, and was introduced to the still lovely Agnes I loved her already as the mother of the dear child who was BO di iii to me, and for her own guilt strike besides We find no difficulty in persuading her to accompany IIB home, and by gentle degrees we prepared by To meet her husband and child We sent for Captain Ludlow, having previously placed Agnes in an inner room He came looking more depressed and wretched than he had done on the previous evening. We begin to talk on miller out things, but presently he said to my husband, " Dr Seaton, I told your wife ghost story last night, and she laughed at it If she has no lated it toyou,Iconcluilotliiitjouhtt\oliiii¡,hod also ?" " No, indeed, I never laugh at such things," Bind Seaton, gravely "I do not think those subjects for merriment " "Do you believe then in spirits?" asked Captain Ludlow, quickly " Sometimes I do," answered Seaton " As you seem to think that Annie lins repeated to me your yesterday's conversation with her, I have been turning it over in my mind, and am much inclined to think you have been deceived by-" "No, no' it was no delusion," interrupted Captain Ludlow, linpiitiiiitly " How strange it is that people will believe nothing they have not Been themselves " " I am not one of BUOII people, my dear friend," Bind Seaton " I merely meant to suggest that a strong likeness might have deceived you " " Wliot ' do you think it possible that I could mistake of anyone for Allies?" exclaimed Captain Ludlow As soon nightly mother be deceived OF regards her only child " " Still," said Renton, " I do not think it was It spirit, but a loving, breathing being whom you saw. Did it never occur to you as possible Unit | poor Mrs Ludlow might, by some providential menus, have been Bpiued?" " N ever ' ' replied he, shaking his head I have never dared to encourage hopes so bliss- ful " " And yet eventS quite as impossible have I happened," Bald Seaton " For instance, the | wonderful preservation of Annie, and that of your boy, contrary to every human probability Why might not another have been so Bpared?" " But consider the time which has elapsed,' said Mr Ludlow, despondingly-" the long, and, dreary years' Oh, no' do not supgostBuch do IUBIVO hopes to me ; it cannot be '" " But I really do think it possible," said You ton, I will add more it is even probable " " You have some foundation for what you say," exclaimed Captain Ludlow, hastily rising, " I am sure you have you are too humane to torture me Tell me, I entreat you, have you heard-" I have," said Seaton, " I have heard something which gives me hopes, but I must request that you will make an effort to conquer tina agitation." " I will ¡ I will be calm but tell me, pray tell me, does my Agnes live ?" " She does," I replied, unable to withstand his look of agonised supplication. " She LIVes " he cried. " Agnes Agnes, my beloved '" Exhausted by violent emotion, Captain Lud- low soil lnsoiiBiblo into Seaton's arms, while she whom he loved so devotedly could no longer resist the impulse of flying to him. She had heard oil, and when he aw ok o to life, and found that it was her arms which pillowed his head, her voice that recalled him to the blessings of existence, his happiness seemed too great for humanity. I cannot attempt to describe to you the scene which ensued, nor paint the mother's joy when j she clasped her son to her bosom. I have little more to tell you, but that our dear Marian was soon after united soon amiable and excellent man, though not a very rich one 5 but then they married for love, not on Speculation, us the majority of emigrants do. She was and is very happy with the husband of her choice OB happy as we could have wished her. Poor mamma thought that Marian might have done better, and so she might in point of for- tune. But what is interest weighed in the balance against happiness? Mamma was for some time very anxious to make Mr. Freeman's acquaintance, but no opportunity of doing so ever occurred. She is still handsome and youthful in appearance ; I believe she will never grow old. We often say that she must possess Ninon de I'Enoloi' secret for securing perpetual youth. I think that mamma understands me better than she did in my early days, and we are much more confidential. Indeed, she is very affectionate to me, and also really oil ached to my dear husband, who shows her great attention and respect. I am now the happy mother of three fair some, almost springing into manhood j and our dreams for our sweet Mary are likely to be accomplished. Henry Lu Blow, who has over been as dear to me as my own children, is evidently much attached to her, and she returns his affection. But such is the childlike simplicity of their natures (that their attachment always reminds one of that which sprang up in the guileless hearts of Paul and Virginia, and they often make me think of the lovers whom Thomson describes in his "Summer": The a our dearest wishes are accomplished. Have I any thing more to ask of heaven, blessed as I am in husband-children-friends? Yes, one thing I must still desire that I may daily become more and more grateful for such happy-, Ross happiness far exceeding that which generally falls to the lot of mortality. " here Mrs. Senior's journal ends," said Mrs. Anderson, taking off her spectacles and wiping them carefully. "It is it great satisfaction to be able to tell you that, this simple story of her varied life only came to hand it year or two ago, and that we have every reason to believe that her happiness and prosperity continue unabated. It appears that she was enabled to recover the lost due to Mrs. Robertson's residence, through an accidental meeting with a distant relative of Mrs. Robert souls, who had emigrated. Mrs. Seaton tion forwarded the narrative (which she had subsequently written to Seriously Monds in England. And now, Clara, after all you have heard, I suppose you are more than ever averse to emigration?" " Oh, no," exclaimed Clara, " I am quite a convert. 'The land which contains uSoaton can not he quite a wilderness." "Not to mention his three charming sons," said the old lady, with a mischievous twinkle in her eye, which made dara blush rosy red. " Well, if you do emigrate," continued Mrs. Anderson, " 1 must, constantly procure you an in troduction to Dr. and Mrs Seaton 5" and she added more seriously, "In wishing you happy now equal to theirs, I cannot help reminding you that it is the result of tired virtue I" RisVEDor,- A woman's husband was person suited to death by a creditor. She then married The creditor and persecuted him to death in six months, 'firm at last sets all things even. lCxAiitNH His Mourn FOR HIS AGE. Hector o daughter (To scholar): Oh, you have an elder brother ; well, how old is hu? School- boy: Dunno, miss; but he's just started on' an curing. A UiioAi) Hwi.-Sho: "Ah, if you meant half you said, you wouldn't go away." He: " Uni my darling, in sailor, jim know--" She : " Yes, I do know is but I thought a sailor was aim to a man nor." A faovilnuiN CtTiii'oitrilAH paper advertises for a filling Irocklo laced man that won't book down, with a pair of saddle bags, pistol, and bowie knife, to collect for this office. A large Balmy will be paid." A IIUSHAM) agreed to give his wife three pounds a week to remain in comparâtivosilonco, deducting one penny for each superfluous word she uttered. Sale now owed him nearly enough to pay the national debt A firm curley lush Beggar woman (to our frn ml Dr. O'Gorman, whose nose is of the slimmest): Won't you give me a hopper, doctor done? They now, if you lion twain penny con vermin I, and may the blessed saints increases! Dr. O'Gorman : Stand aside, my good woman; I've nothing for you. Jloggnrivoiniiii : O, (lion, the Lord prosiirvojor eyesight, for the divil a nose you leave to mount the spots upon ! 'J'j iii Emperor of China is going to be married, and has imported a pair of elephants for the ceremony. the bride's preparations are even more grandiose. For three years the rooms of Nankin, Tungchow, and Canton have been making the like and satin for her' trousseau, which will cost half a million sterling. The bridegroom, personating the sun, goes forth in a car with his elephants, while his lady-love is borne in a palanquin formed entirely of Strings of noticE. " Sioi'TO WHICH. One morning an enraged countryman came into Mr. M's Store with very angry looks. He left, a team in the street, and had a good stick in his hand. " Mr. M., said the angry countryman, "I bought a paper of iiutmcgB store in your store, and when I got home (they were more Hum half walnuts-, and that's the young villain that 1 bought tem of," pointing to John. " John," said Mr. M, "Did you sell this man walnuts for nutmegs?" "No, sir," was the ready reply. " You lie, you little villian," said the countryman, el will more enraged at his assurance. Now, look hear," said John. " If you had taken the trouble to weigh your nuttnogB, you would have found that I put in the walnuts muffs." "Oh, you gave them to me, did you ?" " Yes, sir. I threw' a handful for the children to crack," said John, laughing at Dip same time. "Well, now, if that', ain't a scamp," said the countryman, his features re- taxing into a grin IIB he saw through the matter. Much hard talk and bad blood would be saved if people would stop to weigh before they zinnia others. "Think twice before you speak once," is an excellent motto. Tun POLITICAl, Fox The fox has no moral honesty, but he has got a grate supply of political honesty. If another fox in his parish wants a shut goose, he will work to got the goose for him and then clean the most till oph from the outskirts of the goose, for pettifogging the case, and give him the bones, and tell his political friend, with a smile in the left corner of his eye, that " everything is lovely, and the goose hangs high." Foxes comes out on the ground, but whether they are made of dirt I kent Bwnro with much certainty. 'I'lioy came out of the ground through the instrumentality of a hole, but whether the sole begins at the surface and runs in the mountain, or whether it begins in the mountain and nine new the surface, don't make a bussed bit of difference. But philosophers have argued about this bore buzz ness for yours. notice of them say it runs in, and some of them are willing to be damned if it duz j and right here we can see theorising difference between their logic and the lock on the fox. While they stand fitting at the mouth of the hole, to fox is stealing their ducks and goslings. Foxes are like cunning men-they have but few brains, and but a small place new keep them in, but what few they have got one ' like anglo worms in hot water full of anxiety and Snizort. '"'in Air LAKE CITY TOO many tourist have thrown a sensations! splendour around the places tinted it as a perfect wonder of industry, beauty, and prosperity and thus Bet ignorant and restless people praying for a home in this terrestial paradise in the Wabsitch Mountains. It cannot be too emphatically n stated that Salt Lake City is a Bbabuy and miserable little South." class country town, undrained, unlighted, for the most part unpaved, and built on a reeking Swamp. The beautiful scenery, the glorious mountains around it sometimes beguile the traveller into fancying he sees dignity and archi tectural BUICCSB in the dirty little village which, wore it seated in an English valley, he would turn from with contempt. There are towns in the Western States, of which the very names are unknown in England, and which, beginning later than Salt Lake City, and having to the full as many difficulties to contend with, are already far beyond it in appearance and in prosperity. Mormonism has no wonderful works to boast of. If it does, it will die and make no sign Daily 