GENERAL news. The Primary Judge gave his decision on Friday morning with reference to the question of cost involved in the case of Wigg and Son v. Howell. His Honor held that the defendant had been guilty of fraud in point of law, and directed that he should pay the whole of the costs. Captain Sweet has brought from the Northern Territory some earth taken from the banks of the Roper, and states that soil of this description prevails over a very large area of country, extending in one direction at least 100 miles. It is a fine brown sandy loam, tolerably rich, and must be very easy to work. The sample can be seen in our office. The Wine Stewards appointed to re port on the wines sent in for competition at . 0-008 Port Elliot ... 0-138 . 0-030 .Goolwa 0-350 „ 0-020 McGrath's Flat 0-080 . 0*010 .Robe Town ... 0-040 0 060 Mount Gainbier 0050 . o-ioo Gumeracha ... 0 220 . 0-030 Wentworth ... o-ioo . 0 020 the forthcoming Wine Exhibition in Sydney say, in forwarding their awards—" We have to report that 22 samples of white wine and 26 of red wine were sent in for competition and placed in our charge for the opinion of the judged' The samples were all of Australian growth, and, considering that three or four of the most extensive vineyards were not repre sented this year, the large number of 48 ex hibits'show that winemaking is not only in creasing, but receiving an amount of careful attention which cannot fail to develop more fully the capabilities of this colony to pro duce wines of excellent quality. We again notice with regret the absence of any wines from Victoria or South Australia, and. trust that, under perhaps more favorable circum stances, the winegrowers of those colonies will be induced next year to forward some of their excellent wines for competition. The rainfall,between 9 a.m. on Thurs day and the same hour on Friday, April 26, is registered as follows:— Adelaide Tanunda JBlanche.town..., Glare . ... Mount Barker Strathalbyn Willunga Normanville The • Bentham-street Biblical Associa tion celebrated their ninth, annual meeting on Thursday evening, April 25, by tea and public meetings. The tea, to which a goodly number sat down, was provided by Mr. J. Smith, of Hindley- street, in his usual well-known style. The public meeting followed, and was opened by Binging and prayer; after which the Chair man (Mr. H. Hussey) made a few introductory remarks, and then called upon the Secretary (Mr. W. H. Oraigie), who read the half-yearly report, which set forth the objects to be gained by joining the Association, and its progress since its formation. Mr. Hack followed, and spoke on "TheBible, the greatest blessing given to the world." Messrs. Magarey and H. Richardson also addressed the meeting on "The right use of the Bible," and "The Bible in vites criticism," respectively. Readings were given by Messrs. Nicholson and Comely; a recitation by Mr. A. Craigie, and an address by Mr. T. Lees, of Hindmarsh. The meeting was brought to a close in the usual manner about twenty minutes to ,10. Mr. J. B. Jones ably presided at the harmonium, and rendered the "Gloria" from Mosart's 12th Mass, and the "Gloria" from Haydn's Mass No. 1, during the evening. This evening the annual meeting of the Aborigines'Friends'Association will be held in the Town Hall Exchange Room. Several; ministers and other gentlemen are expected to speak, and we understand the Rev. P. McLaren will give interesting information regarding the Point Macleay Mission Station, which he has recently visited. The Theatre Royal, it appears, is not to be closed long. Mr. Bayless has leased it for a season, and will open With'Mrs. Gladstane, as star, and an excellent company that have re cently been performing at the Princess's, Mel bourne. Some sensational and popular pieces have been selected for the delectation of Adelaide playgoers, who will now have the op portunity of spending some enjoyable winter evenings. Two of our local firms, Bickford and Sons and F. H. Faulding .& Co., have com menced a new industry which is worth men tioning. It is the manufacture of quinine wine, which is represented as a valuable tonic. Its virtues are fully set, forth_in our advertising columns, and we understand it is already in large demand. Of its medicinal qualities we can say nothing, but we can testify from personal experiment that the wine of Bickford & Sons is very agreeable in taste, being in fact a de cided improvement on " sherry and bitters." The petition for a road from ^p,wler to Nuriootpa has been printed. It was sighed by 514 residents of the District of Baiossa, and others interested, and complains that although the sum of £1,000 was voted last year,' and is now being spent, and although the Central Koad Board in their recent appropriation of the general grant have apportioned the sum of £800 ' to this road, yet over four miles of the road will remain unmade. It further shows that, owing to the unmade parts of this road, farmers and carters can only put about half a load on their waggons and drays, thus seriously en hancing -the price of 'cartage. The petitioners advance various other arguments in support of their case, and pray for a further sum of £2,500 to complete the road from Gawler to Nuriootpa, via Lyndoch and Tanunda. A petition from residents on Broughton Area, signed by 106 persons, has been printed. The petitioners complaia that they are subject to great inconvenience and serious loss by reason of the want of means to reach the vessels employed to transport their produce from Port Broughton to Port Adelaide and other ports, and represent that the incon venience would be greatly relieved by the erection of a small jetty at Port Broughton to the channel of the river, where there is a sufficient depth of water to enable vessels at once to receive, produce, &c.;, on board. The memorialists also complain that they are subject to great inconvenience from the want of water, some of them having to travel 27 miles to obtain a supply, whilst at a distance of eight miles from Port Broughton there is a large waterhole, which, by the construction of a small dam, would retain a large quantity of water for the use of the settlers. The usual monthly entertainment to the inmates of the Parkside Asylum was given on Wednesday evening, under the direction of Mr. H. Francis Price. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., presided, and opened the programme with a few appropriate remarks. After which pianoforte selections were rendered by Mrs. H. F. Price, Miss F. Price, Miss Dove, Miss Meyers, and Mrs. Beinecke. Also the fol lowing songs:—"Juanita" and "Constance," by Mrs. H. F. Price ; " A' Body's Married but Me," Miss Jamieson; "Widow Machree"aud "The Pilgrim Fathers,"Mr. Dove; ' Pulling hard against the stream," " Simon, the Cel larer," and " She ^vas a Spark," Mr. Felstead ; "The Sentinel's Sweetheart" and "Oh, gently breathe," Mr. Beinecke; the duet, "Hunting Tower," Miss Jamieson-and Mr. Dove. Mr. Duffield recited the " Ghost Player;" and Mr. Price gave two readings in capital style, en tled "A Sketch by Boz" and "Old Grumper." The' frequent a,pplause testified the auditors' high appreciation of the performances. A com plimentary vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, who, in responding, spoke in high terms of the efforts put forth by the ladies and gentlemen who so often provided an evening's amusement for those less fortunate than them selves. The National Anthem brought a very successful entertainment to a close at a reason able hour. • 