A typographical error appeared in. our issue before last--" 1600 cobs" on one stalk should have been "corns." A simple error of this sort is great nuts for some people. who chuckle and take much credit to them selves for finding out anything of the kind. What a pity such clever people are not editors. Reports from the Garibaldi lead, Grow ler's, are of the most favorable description. About 60 claims have bottomed on pay able gold. Four horse puddling machines have been erected, and all that is now re quired is a supply of water. As soon as puddling gets fairly started there will be plenty of money afloit, as good prospects have been obtained.from every claim that is being worked. The sinking is about 40 feet, dry as a bone. New buildings are going up rapidly, and things generally look well. We understand that it is the intention of our local amateurs to give a performance shortly in order to raise funds for purchas ing various requisites to enable them to. give periodical entertainments for charitable and benevolent objects. As the amateurs have hitherto been at considerable expense in getting up these performances, it is only fair that the public should a-sist tche in their labors in the cause of charity.. 'Ilu amateur performance at Thornton was a completo success. The total proceeds I amounted to somewhere about L15, and when we consider that this sum would be thought very good even for Alexandra on such an oc- 1 cnsion, one wonders where all the people came from, The large room at Perkins's Hotel was completely filled, and every one highly pleased with the performance. Mr Perkins provided a superb dinner for the amateurs, and in every way provided for their comfort free of charge in a manner that reflects much credit to him. This Li5 from sale of tickets represents L30, as the "JBoard of Education. gives an equal amount to that raiselI locally. Mr Knowles, the newly-lecoted member for the Darlingford Riding. took his seat at the Council tbllae on Tuesday evening last. This gentleman ha's not yet had time to de velope his capacity for taking an active part in local government, but no doubt, judging from the energy displayed, by Mr Knowles in his business transactions, and his thorough knowledge of the requirements of the dis trict, he will be found one of the best mem bers of the Shire Council. After the Coun cil business was over, .Mr Knowles invited a few of his friends to join him in a glass of champagne at Cumming's hotel, when there was a little epeech.making and generalcon gratulptions on the subject of the new member for Darlingford taiking his seat in the Council. The Muddy Creek HTotel, Yea, has been purchased by Mr Toemkins,, who intends to convert it into a wholesale and retail produoo store. This is a business that few individu als can know more about than Mr Tomkins, as he has long been connected, with the ngriculturatinterests, and his establishment is likely to be a profitable investment for himself, and a great advantage to the fatm ere round Yea, who will, have a convenient market for the disposal of their produce. About forty years ago Burke and Hare horrified the whole of the civilized world by their cold blooded murders, committed for the psice of the dead body in Edinburgh. another pair of monsters have been found in Sydney,. called Nichols and Lester, who have been murderinig men for the money they may chance to have in their, pockets; and althotgh so far as is known they had .disposed of two victims only, had they not been detected at the commencement of their murderous trade there is no telling how :'nay human lives might have beco con signed to the Paramatta -River before these worthies hal. made enough to retire from business I hanging is too good for such detestable brutes. We make the following extract from an article on the coming comet: Let us, however, "'dally with false surmise" and endeavor to return to the fate of a child. Let us, imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophesy is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able without the help of telescopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger a than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before afrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost v perceptible to our naked vision, till at last I the whole sky be lit up by the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its teorrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant d enough to outshine the sun itself. The tome. perature will rise to the first tropical, and. then hotter than anything that is endured n in the hot test room of a Turkish bath, The'two d bodies plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a carnonr hall i§ absolute rest, will crash into eachother with a hidous collision. If we happen to he placed between two such antagonists we shall not have time for an ejaculation. The r petty, race of insects that crawl amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will bhe k instant inoonsly dismissed from existence. On ir the other side of tbo world we shall, perhaps, have just one flush of sensation. We shall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust-to Sindulge in an humble similie-is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface, For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new Scareer to whirl through the universe, each bonring with it-so we shall remember on Stho fiaith of a pre ident of the British Associn \- tion-csomo minute germs to. be planted, if a they have good luck, on s')m distant plnet and there to.begin over again that endless process of evolutions which will have come to so summary conclusion here. Or if we a please, we may contemplate another alterna-. , tive, and suppose that we just miss the j nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans andstreams, Sdissipate the internal ice of the poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prario after a fire. Nothing will Sbe left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted, into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated pllnet. Alas, we caCnot claim s the eloquenco which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming, might ipossibly be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of tho world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she only gives one such mind at a time. A Ghost Story.-As 31r Donohoa's mail coach was lately pa~sirg fBealiba Point, be tween Hay and Wugga, a voice was heard crying, [lie, hie." Young Danohne stop 1ped the coach, turned the lamps round, coo,3ied, looked about for half an hour, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed, but for the fact that a stock-. man was murdered by a shepheld at the point some twenty years ago ; and our in formant states tlh t Mr Peter Hual'ish, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw the forml of a main clinking to his coach wheels; and that 3Ir John Bucklov, when camped there with cattle at one time, saw the figure of a man, which he hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared.-Hlay Standard. An Auckland paper says :-' Maories are sending their children to schools where the English language is taught, both at the Thames and in Hawke's Bay. Mr Commis sioner Locke states that in the latter pro vince, at Maketu, he -saw a Maori girl act ing as: tutoress, and teaching European and half-caste children in the English language, and that great progress was being made." 