ojj tbe #ii». lXKErTi&2?nd?l!jaeaa) (Continued.) • - —CHAPTER V, _ '^KS^c^'^lort'-come f askcd Mr. f@ri&th; ^Williams,s * :as 'he> entered: through t^ftFrench window into the sitting-room with au open letter in his hand. ' . ' No, ind^?ea^hi6 wife, just then whisking down an unfortunate spider from some dim aiid Mtherto undis •covered crevice with her Jong- feather headed broom, and at once with lier foot putting him out of pain. Griffith rang the bell impatiently, and when the maid-servant came bade her look out, and see if Israel was ■coming. Then he began, to read his letter again, but stopping short, he called out with just a touch of annoy ance in the tone, as if it were an old grievance—' Maggy, do stop that cease lass bustle of spider-hunting, curtain flapping, and re-arranging everything. .Such order becomes to me a kind of chaos made tidy,—do stop leare.all that to your servants, and to fitting times ; and sit down here I have something to say to you.* She paused a moment—just where •she stood with the long feather brush raised high as she could reach to dust the centr6 ornament oil the gilt cor nice—as if trying to understand him; but failing to do so, -she completed her job, then sat down near him' with a smile on her genial face, and holding 'the long wand-like handle of the broom ■'stuck upright, like an Amazonian .spear turned to domestic use. He laughed as be saw her attitude, 'but said with a grave face— Brother Jehoshaphat, it seems, was mot content with astonishing people while he lived, but carefully provided a fund of amusement for them when ihe was dead. I have just received a letter by post from the solicitot of his ■wife, old Mrs. Williams, to say that •after the will made in my favor, as 'regards the mine, he left another, .e?c pressJy referring to and maintaining the first but. saddling me with a, charge tne ElSfiLe'; woman's.&vor; to the tune of three thousand a year!' , 'Griffith! Griffith!* ' You may well exclaim. But I fear the matter is even worse than 4t looks •«*atid,th& ?n guise of a friendly gift he has deliberately conferred on me a most thankless labour and res ponsibility.'' ' ' Bear, dear! Yes, indeed! Yes, indeed ?' reiterated Mrs. Williams with 'that rising inflection at the end of the (■Me&fedce; that is so characteristic of the Welsh, and so pretty in their women. • The mine, I find, has been producr ing.about six thousand a year for some years past; so apparently there's three thous&nd; apiece for us, and the bur then of management upon me alone; Well; perhaps that's not unfair. But ■what do you say to this, Maggy ? Israel Mort has been at Barrett repeat edly about the bad state *of -the fnine, •and now he has been at me, even at the risk of Barrett's sending him adrift. And what do you think he says ? Why, * that Jehoshaphat has so worked the aaine—taking everything he could get out of it, and putting nothing he could help into it—that bis motto must have fceen the same as that of the famous Prince Metternitz—After me the deluge 3' Seeing his wife's eyes already begin to wander, he rose and paced up and down the room, speaking now to him self, now to her, while her thoughts, however much she strives to detain them, are already far ftway. They penetrate below the crack in the floor, right down into the dean, darkish cellar, where, on a table, in their white cotton clothes, lie hams and flitches of bacon waiting to be salted, and ribs and loins and trotters to be wrapped up and sent to neighbours who have bespoken them, or, in special cases, as gifts. ' Don't you see, Maggy, my position 1 I have all the repairs, however elabor ate or costly, to Oiake.', r 'Yes, indeed!"- It's a shame, Grif fith.' 'So that>ifhl have to spend the » entireanedtae for,a^year—a year do I r-fait -lU , gay 1 perhaps for many years—her three thousand must go on being paid i VBbt,.Griffith, she caa't live long, (you knew; No, indeed.' ' And then it may be worse—for it is not a mere life interest, but a per manent charge, which she can and Will leave to others. She may be rea sonable and inclined to .help; but a 1 stranger will of course, stick to his bargain, and ask me if I am a rogue if I propose to modify it. Here just read the letter, and see if I have mis taken anything, for it has upset me greatly.' , 1 The obedient wife puts down her i weapon, takes the letter (rather a long , one for a lawyer's, as if old Mrs. Wil liams had had a finger in the pie, in having so many details gone into), and puts her left hand determinedly to j her forehead while, holding ont in her. right the letter, at some distance to lead; but not long can she go on with out interruption, for bilence and bodily rest have already sent her mind s eye once more to the salting tubs and the half-made brawn. As it is her habit, as soon as she sees or thinks of a bit of work to be done, to pounce upon it lite a bird of prey, no matter how important the task may be that she leaves unfinished, how can she read such long letters, or follow such new and strange thoughts ? This propensity of hers for flying from task to task renders such times of domestic inactivity as tlie present moments of great care and agitation, for the ghosts of her unfinished works rise up .before her and torment her. Who then caiu wonder that she gives but a divided attention to Griffiths letter this morning, when such a mot ley and bewildering assemblage per plexes her brain i There is a tap half driven into, a beer barrel:— There is a dish of freshly-churned butter set down on the stones, within reach of the cat:— There is'a pan of heaving and crack ling dough at the kitchen fire:—■ Mrs. Williams' imagination can bear no more. She rises hastily, says ' Griffith, excuse me just a minute,' and disappears, to return no more till her husband has, as usual, forgotten her absence, and found new avocations elsewhere. Her first business was to discover what her ' Sazy, loitering lasses,' the servants, were about; so she went | round through the little court, with its old, picturesque, ivy-clad walls, that surrounded the kitchen and other ! offices, and began to call in a shrill | voice for 'Ruth.' and 'Anne,' but I called in vain, so hurried on to the kitchen door, prepared for any amount •of domestic calamity. ; At the threshold she was met by Nest in 1 tears; and the moment the poor child saw her she ran to her and clasped her, and hid her face in her dress as if her heart would break with j the distress that was too great for her to explain. ! With some effort Mrs. Williams ex tracted the truth. IS est had just seen David—had met him quite accident ally—and been so frightened at his i looks she could not venture to speak I to him. But then he had come after her, and told her all his dreadful story about that horrible morning in the mine, and how his father, when he let him come up again out of it, had told him he'd have to do it after alL ' And David says he'd die first. He hates it so. He shudders when he thinks of it. And oh, mamma, David is so miserable. We sat down aud cried together I can't tell you how long. And then he seemed sorry he had told me, and went away, saying his father called him a mean coward, and he supposed he was one, or he should never have told me. And he went away, and never even shook me by the hand.' Mrs. Williams loved her child, and knew how to comfort her, and did so now, and brought back all her bright gaiety at last by promising to see what could be done for David's future. And then Nest prattled on, just like a bird in the early morning, as if it mattered nothing what was said, when the saying was so sweet—and then-— Why, then Mrs. Williams sees, while reluctant to put away the child, once more in her excited fancy the beer spurting from the tap, the cat cooling her tongue in the fresh batter, the dough rising to unheard ot heights; she also sees in the same way Jenkyn, tha farm-servant, coming for his 'coat, from which slie had cut a sleeve, and only half fiuished putting it in again; sees strange dogs prowling about the cellar where she has left her hams, and flitches, and ribs, aud trotters un protected. Not that she fears old Dando, the larin dog; for that pig and he have been boon companions all their lives: they' twa hae run aboot the braes' and shared their feasts in the corner of the yard, as well as shared each other's joys and sorrows to the last. No, she does not fear old Dando; but she thinks the cat, having taken o.ft the edge of her appetite on butter, is sure to find her way to the trotters. At these and a host of other dis turbing visions Mre. Williams presses her feet together, kisses Nest, bids her run and play, and her self rushes oil' to examine into the actual state of things. (To be confirmed.) Nef.ee confide a secret to jour relative. Blood will tell, 