THE LIVINGSTONE SEARCH EXPEDI TION:. ?At tho last meeting of the Royal Geographical bocioty, Sir Henry Rawlinson stated that tho ?Jjinngstono Search Expedition, consisting of Lieu ?*«»«;{ Dawson,lt.N., Lieutenant Henn, R.N., ? -and Mr Oswald Livingstone, tho son of Dr Living stone, sot sad three. days ago in tho first steamer despatched from tho Thames to Zanzibar direct. .-.„ .u^hjmuus io we tuna amounted to £5000, of which upwards of £2000 was received from ?London alono ; Edinburgh had contributed £350, and the httlo town of Hamilton, tho native plaeo of Livingstone, £200. The expenditure at nro Bont amounted to £1000. A oredit of £2000 vmld be.openod at Zanzibar, for tho service of toe expedition, and tho other £2000 would bo kept K*° °r ft°v rotnrn o£ tho expedition after Gr,l IV °Uld llftve beon oooompUod. Lord iriS ' i°' bohalf o£ her Mnjooty, had 2S* lf ter 4° th0 S'1*^ °f Zanzibar, appnsing hls Highness of the nature 2SL hT£ .°£ th° esPedi«0» and as it olhl ^ -any °M»tonoo ho eould render hi. own t llthm or bey°nd t!l° lin'ts of audlV™^^ ^llld b? Ssatoftilly accepted, QueeTaUdt^f,CO^U^aclAowledSements »« a« An* W. !. ^f Vf th0 .^lo British nation. JWum Air t- -n oou t01«'arded trom the ZISZ t° «Dr- Kirk, our consul-General at rtmffiK * °H}10 GoTOwmont for a somewhat and Sf P'f at Hl° disP°sal of the expedition ^siBhn^f',1-3 meWbors a11 th0 «'lv'^ and honiHit t q1}°,mo/'lnyT,^counts or intelligonee Sir Henrv R ? t0 °btain froln its Progress, nirnenry Ilawhnson also referred to tl.» t,vn ?S;s'iai'oi\si',s™'»-^ *™S tho credit of tliow will, in na small dogrcie'j lie due | to tho influonco of his Royal Highness; Sir Honry added thAt throe days' later advices) had been rocoivod from Sir Samuel, through our Egyptian Consul-Genoral, at which period tho cxpeditiun was still all Well. Tho most ilnxlbus part of this intelligence was that pointing to tho probability of :i year elapsing before wo could hear from Sir Samuel again. Tho Commissary from England arrived ill Port. Jackson on Friday morning last with a general cargo, valued at £:J9, 1 00. Tho receipts of gold for coinago at tho Sydney Mint during the week Onding last Friday wore y',),:55O on. Tho Brneltlay Castlo cleared for London with 2512 bales 1 pocket wool, 12 bales bales skins, 28 bales cotton, 572 casks tallow, 1J01 casks treacle, 50iJ oases preserved meat, 2kM9 cakes copper, 217 bags cotton seed, itc. The Western escorts last week brought down tne louowin.ir quaniiiics in {joiu : — -~M-[aia, out w. , liathurst, US2 uz. ; Trunkey Crook, 0!) oz. j.Har graves, 101 oz. ; Tumbarooni, 3!)!U oz. ; Mudgee, 21!) oz. ; Gulgong, 4125 oz. ; Orange', 25!) oz. ; Stoney Creek, 201 oz. ; total, 0811 Oz. Tho Warnumbool meat-presorving factory has beon sold by tho liquidators to a private co partnorship of stockowneis in tho western district of Victoria, for £5000. Baitism in a 'Rivuk. — During the tour made by tile Anglican Jiisnop or uouioum ^saya me ' Herald'), tho following incident occurred : —In the afternoon, at I! p.m., a remarkable speetaclo was witnessed in the immediate neighborhood of Comorang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev J. G. Love, administered tho sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in tho Tuross River. For some years tho subject of their bap tism had been under consideration by tho succes sive clergy of the district. Being satisfied thoy were qualified candidates, tho Bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of tho Turosj River, tho service for the ' public baptism of such as are of riper years' was read by Mr Lovo and the Bishop. They then both entered tho river to a RUiucieiiL ueptn, leauing i-no maic oy tno nauu ; uiu Bishop pronounced tho words, ; ' I baptize tlireo in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and 'received him into tho congregation of Christ's flock,' they pursued a .similar course with tho sister. Stand ing on either side, and firmly holding tho adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of tho service for adult baptism — ' and then shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;' It was a scene never to be forgotten by anyone who witnessed it. Tho spectators wero somewhat surprized to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, being himself considerably imniorsod. The novelty and solemnity of tho occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected. A Good Tuen Rkquited. — Not many years ago (tho ' Yi.-is Courier' relates) a needy and some what seedy visitor claimed tho hospitality of a squatter in the Southern districts, and tinding that he was welcomed, and not well knowing where to turn himself, onjoyed tho kindness extended to him for a considerable time. Tho owner of tho station showed no disposition to tiro of his self invited guest, and treated him cordially and generously throughout; but hia thrifty ' better half' occasionally exhibited symptoms of restive noss, and at last rebelled against the stranger's longer ' loanim' on tho snuattnirc. and refused to supply his daily requirements at the dmnostic. board. Ono morning his plate was removed from the breakfast table in his presence, and in terms distinct and unmistakablo ho was ordered oT the premises, and told to go and work for his victuals. The stranger left tho station at onco, and tho force of circumstances turned his footsteps, as it hap pened, to fortune. Ho wended his way to Queens land, succeeded, in conjunction with another person, in establishing a business which required no capital, and was unusually successful in tho under frnL-iurr Tn +bn nnnrsR (if a fmv voiira lir* !imn.^sml n. fortune of ten thousand pounds, and retired. Meantime, a succession of bad seasons had brought the squatter to low straits — tho station slipped out of his hands, and ho ended by becoming a resident in a town in the Southern districts, largely in debt, and altogether thoroughly hard up. The quondam ' loafer' had not forgotten the kindness received at his hands — thanked the apparently harsh command of his friend's wife for putting him ' to his mettle,' sought the reduced squatter out, and suceooded in finding him. After a cordial greeting tho now wealthy 'loafer' invited his friend into tho nearest hotel, told him ho had to thank his wife's stern command for his success in life, and ended by informing him that if ho cowld como across another station that he thought would pay, ho had a few pounds which wero heartily at his service. The station was found, £5000 wore advanced to purchase it and stock, and although only a year or two has since gone by, tho squatter has been able to repay his friend nearly tho whole of tho cash advanced, and looks forward, with another year like the past; to being able to clear off every farthing of the amount. And wo hopo he may succeod, and havo a lengthy ana prosperous career after I having done so. Tub Duke op Edinburgh's Coixection. — In alluding to the exhibition of articles collected by Prince Alfred in his cruiso round the world, the 'Times' of January 24 observes': — 'From Australia and Tasmania there are many objects of great interest, among which may be named some very good gold and silver work. Wherever his Royal Highness set foot, ho seems to have been called upon to lay the first stone of ono or more buildings, and to receive ono or moro loyal addresses. Gold and silver trowels by dozens, and many yards of illuminated parchments are now at South Kensington as evidences of his com plaisance in tneso particulars. Earthquake. — A correspondent writes in the ' Brisbane Courier' : — ' A slight shock of earth quake was felt lately at Hawkwood and tho adjoining parts of tho Burnett ; the vibrations lasted nb'jut ten seconds I was lying down when I heard a, noise like distant thunder, followed immediately by an undulating motion under mo, which caused the whole building I was in to creak with the straining. A man who was lying outside on tho ground informed me that it felt as if a series of waves wore passing under him.' The Exhibition, — The preparations for the forthcoming Exhibition are proceeding in tho most satisfactory manner ; and, judging from tho numerous entries which aro being received in all tho sections, thero i3 every reason to boliovo that tho s.how this yoar will bo ono of the best that has been held under the auspices of the Central Agricultural Society. A distinguishing ' and important feature of the coming Exhibition will be tho display' of machinery in motion, and tho processes used in tho manufacture of various articles of merchandise. This will not only inako the Exhibition more deoply interesting, but it will also afford a medium of instruction that could not bo given by other means. The committee of management aro displaying great onorgy in making arrangements for the proper display of every exhibit that may bo forwarded. And it might bo as well perhaps to suggest the propnety of intending exhibitors sending in their applications for space us early as possible — not only in order to assist the committeo in their movements, but also to ensure an effective display of their ox liibits. It should be borne in mind that entries cannot be mado after tho 15th instant. Tho Exhibition opens on tho 30th of the present niontn. in auiucion to cue many special prizes already announced, Mr Walter Lamb has olforcd a prize of three guineas to tho stockmon in charge, of oattle who shows the greatest care (principally as regards cleanliness) in bringing out his employer's exhibits, tho number of cattle not to bo less than four. The object of the donor is not to oncourago very high condition, but to induce men to pay moro attention to cloanliuess than they .have hitherto done. I AppoiNTMENTS.-^-Ensign John King, to bd Lioutonant ; and Thomas Honey, to bo onsign in Kiama Corps of Volunteer Rifles. Population of the Colony. — The Registrar General's eutiinato of tho population of New South Wales on tho 31»t December, 1871, was published in Friday's ' Gazette.' During tho tlireo quarters ending on tho Ulst December, the births numbered 15.2-11. the arrivals bv sea J.4,010, tho deaths 48!)!), and departures by sciv 0IJ7C-. Thus the gross increase was 2!)j7f-7, and the gross decrease 14,575, leaving a net increase of 13,182 (85!)! males and 058(5 females), upon the population nsascer tained by tho census of the 2nd April, 1871. The estimated numbers lit thocliwo of 1871 wore, males 284,150, females 235,013, total 519,103. The Condemned Criminal Isadku.a O'IJhiun-. —The wretched woman, Isabella O'Brien (says the ' Wag'^a Express',) condemned to death ivttbe recent Assizes for tho murder of her infant illigiti niate son ban since her conviction preserved the same appearance oi wiuuua jiiuihuhjuuu emw. insensibility she displayed throughout the trial. Her religious creed, if she possesses any, it is impossible to ascertain, as upon being questioned upon tho subject she replies tbiit she cannot say herself, and only, knows that her parents were j Roman Catholic* She has, however, consented to see a clergyman. ? I A SA'juii'ioiAi, Suicide.- — An old Maori, named Pipi', .living in Wellington Province, has shot himself Under rather peculiar circumstancos. He was suffering from a kind of low fever, which has carried off many Maories about Otaki and tho neighbourhood, and hearing that his malady was catching, he shot himself in order to prevent it spreading among bis people. Neveii say Die. — At the demonstration hold at Murrurundi last Thursday, in commemoration of the opening of tho railway lino to that town, among other toasts that of ' Tho Ministry and Parliament of Now South Wales' was proposed. Tho Hon. J. Docker responded to tho toast on behalf of the Legislative Council, and in tho course of his remarks he warmly defended the conduct of tho Ministry, and expressed tho opinion that when the new House met, a majority of it3 members would not bo adverse to the Government. Mr Robertson responded on behalf of the Assembly, but he expressed ho opinion as to tho probable fato of tho Ministry on the assembling of Parliament. The Rev W. Roisson. — A well attended valedic tory tea meeting was given to the Rev W. Robson in tho Oddfellows Hall, Young, on tho evening of Tuesday, the Sud instant. After tea a public meeting was hold in connection with tho same event, when a purse containing forty two sove reigns, and tho following address, signed by tho Circuit Stewards on behalf of tho congregation, ? .?nun nr-n?rtnfnd n c n fnafinilMIinl tf» +lin 1'(»IT ffllOflf. fit the evening : — 'Rev, and Dear Sir, — Wo, the Undersigned, member.3 of tho Wesleyan body of Young, and tho district under your charge, desire, upon tho occasion of your departure from amongst us, to express our sincere regret at the loss we aro about to sustain. During tho period of three years which you havo spent here you have, by a thorougly consistent, Christian couduct, and kind ness of disposition, endeared yourself to us, and your removal will bo a source of sincere sorrow and regret to those who havo for so long a time enjoyed tho benefit or your ministry. In losing you we are conscious that wo lose not only a tried and valued pastor, but a friend. ' Wo desire to bear testimony to tho untiring zeal and energy displayed by you in tho pursuit of your sacred calling. In the face of obstacles which woiHd havo discouraged most pooplo you havo been eminently successful, and. whilst earn ing tho sincere love and esteem of those with whom you have been ' moro intimately connected, you have gained the respect and goodwill of all classes of tho community. Our sorrow at losing you is in degre9 lessoned by the belief that the seed you have sown will not bo cast away ; and we ferAently pray that your labours in tho Lord's vineyard may be still more abundantly blessed in. the placo to which you aro going. ' In conclusion, we beg you to accept of the accompanying slight testimonial of our friendship and esteem, and with every nraver for tho future welfare and happiness of yourself, Mrs. Robson, and family.' Tho rev. recipient of tho handsome 'recog-^ nition referred to, replied in feeling terms, and at considerable longth, and the meeting having been addressed by other ministers and friends, the company dispersed. — Abridged from ' Burrangong Argus.' 