SPIRITISM. - communicated. St. James tells that " the body without the spirit is dead," and the orthodox belief is, thet the spirit, nfter.it leaves the dead body, continues to live, and move, and have its being. The Spiritist says — all this I stead fastly believe ; but adds a further belief that the disembodied spirit has power to commu nicate with mortals in the flesh. This latter quality is the only novelty about Spiritism, aud is a doctrine resting entirely on the assumption that what does not appear - to be natural must be supernatural. It 'is admitted that if a circle is formed, aud a medium found who has the necessary qualification for becom ing a mesmeric subject, this medium will answer a great variety of questions about which he or she may know little or nothiug ; and it is immediately asserted that these communications are from disembodied spirits. This is pure assertion, and does not at all follow from the premises. Granted the com munications, that' the medium is unconscious' of their origin or'even import, and that every person in the eircle is honest in Ms conviction that no deception is practised, it by no "means follows that the communication is from a departed spirit, aud far less from the spirit de2iarced from any body well known in the flesh. It has been abundantly proved that communications received through table- rapping tally exactly with what the person most interested at the table knows, or wishes, and that such communications cease when such person leaves the eircle ; and therefore the idea of these communications being from a foreigu spirit is quite gratuitous and un called for. It is, indeed, paying a poor com pliment to onr humanify to say tbat it is necessary or desirable to wake up the spirit of our ancestors to tell us our age or to refresh our memory, and enable us to repeat some thing we bad forgotten. But as the table- rapping communications have been proved to originate within thq circle, and to be caused by the persons present, there is no necessity to further allude to them than -to say table- rapping is likely to become . a very harmless parlor amusement amongst young people, who will substitute it for the ordinary conversa tion cards, quite conscious of the fact that it arises solely from the natural sympathy which links humanify together, and makes the whole world kin. But the other species of communications are more intricate. A medium gives utterance to some words, answers a question, or draws a sketch, and it is asserted that these are from some disembodied spirit. Admittiug that the medium does all these things, and that some remarkable utterances are thereby made, and a faithful sketch is drawn of the original Carib from whom the medium's friend is descended, it does not at all follow that either the spirit of the frightful aborigiue is about, or that any intermediate ghost is in attendance to guide tho medium iu the manifestations. The Spiritist has exhausted the latent thought, voflav nrtfian a? kviin a«<1 » ....,1. ' _ p UAIV «UU ill DUIUUCL Ul other supposed causes, and says it must be a spirit. But why a departed spirit ? St. Paul claimed to have the power of being "absent in body, but present in spirit," and every one is well acquainted with the phenomenon of thinking of a person just before he makes his appearance. And it is more rational to believe the spirit of a living person coming near a friend or acquaintanc, may communicate his presence to the letter's spirit, than that some disembodied- spirit has such power of commu nication. Now, the Spiritist and his medium are in the same room together; and as the medium invariably is a mesmeric subject, capable of becoming passive and susceptible of impressions, and giving utterance 'to those impressions, the spirit, of the person ncKng the question, or some other person in the circle, is quite as capable of acting on the subjective brain, and giving the answer, as any spirit of somo defunct mortal, the more especially when such answer never exceeds the knowledge or ability of some person in the room, and never yet has given evidence of any Mgher intelligence than is possessed by the mortals who are conversing with the medium. Until this theory is proved a .mistake, there xo Axu Aicucaaxiij AUA bu JJrove «Laat T.lp medium is possessed by the spirit of Ms grandmother. As to the remedial influence wMch it is alleged the spirits exert through the medium, there is no necessity to travel to kingdom come. " Iron sharpeneth iron ; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend." And every one knows, when he is suffering from some mental depression or derangement of the nervous system, that a visit to his friends and a hearty shake by the hand of a number of them, have a wonderful restorative effect m raising his. spirits to that pitch when "w merry heart doeth good like a medicine." A Spiritist might, however, say he had been cured of a physical malady — dysentery, for instance— by spiritual influence through the medium. Now it so happens— though few Spiritists know it— that tMs particular phy sical complaint is directly caused by a de rangement of the brain, and most generally lnS exercise of certain cerebral organs, and the disuse of others. If a Spiritist, thcrfiiore, suffering from this ailment, wero to join a circle, and pass an hour or so every day m conversing with an intelligent medium, the organs of the braiu which had boen most used would take a rest, while tho sliunbtrin organs would awake, aud, by mental sympathy wita the medium, give utterance to things long since studied, but forgotten ; the malady would disappear, and the Spiritist might fancy all the time he had been holding sweet con- verso with tho soul pf the-departed " long Tom Smitli, the Doctor.'1 