THE DEVIL AT SLAIHEEN, The following amusing case was tried before'the Chairman of Quarter Sessions on Monday : nnnncece eI. BATTY. This was an action for £15 for personal injuries. The plaintiff waso Jeremiah Desmond, labourer, resid ing in Lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr. Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the Eirecus performing in Great George's-street. The process stted -" The plaintifi claims £15 damages for losse, injury, and dam age sustlained by tile plaintiffthroughtbe carelessness, negligence, and mismanoagement of the defendant, he having had confined in his circus in Great George's street a certain animsl called a camel, his property, which animal he in the month of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted and suffered to escape and break loose from said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the Lower Glasheen Road, where said camel did force its way into the the plaintifos house, and there injure, knock down, and braise said plaintiff, by which injuries he has been put to expenses and losI of time." Mr. Rayes appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at the door of his bouse on the Lower Glasheen Road, minding ombe pigs' food; his wife was at Work within the house s he and his wife had been talking habout ghosts and about the devil, end about half-past 6 o'clock, while they were so talking, "a queer thing" came up to the door; he screeched, for heb did n?ot know what it was-he thought it wne she devi--Qaughter) ; if had a long neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on its back ; he sereamed, but he could not stir-he was so frightened; it put its long neck and its two fore paws in, and crushed him ogainst the side of the door with ,ts shoulder; it got in a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the prints of itsapaws there. Mr. IRayes: Why didn't it'go in fortler ' Desmond: God Almighty, sir, the hump--(ltugh ter)-the hump was so big he could not get in the door-(renewed laughter); I got each a fright I was not able to eat as mieh for three days after as in one day before. (Muhob laughter.)-How did he get out? He backed out again the way he came in I could do nothiog to him. Cross-esxamined by Mr. O'Oonnel: What did you think you had before you when you saw itP The devil. (Loud laughter.)-- believe you had been talk ing about the devil? Maybe I war, sir. (Laughter.) -Butt were youP I wor. (Much laughter.)-What put the devil iito your head that you were talking about him P Faith, I could not tell yoo.--But what sort of a thing was it P My God, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing, amidst roars of laughter, to a jury-box, about fifteen fooeet from him.) -Had he anythling but this neok P Faith, he had a hump up on his back, ever so big, and he had long lege, and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see anything in court that you could compare him to P I don't then, I'm sure. When Ie came in the doorf would give all in the world to get him out of my sight. (Great laughter.)-Did you ret up off the chair ? Indeed I didn't--a better man than me could not do it. (BRenewed laoglhter.)j-Did you at tempt to shore him out I did not try to shove him out; I did nothing at all to him for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you had bayonets you could not do anything at all to him. (G-rest laughter.) I was not able to work for four days for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughler.) Mrs. Deemond (wife of the plaintiff) said: iMy husband on the night in question was minding the pigs' food at the door, and I was at work inside; all at once I heard him give a bitter screech out of him; I looked down and I saw the thing "a blow" me with bis neck streched in as far as hlie oouldstreteh it "Oh'," says i, " pray to Almighty God, for its no thing good. (Laughter.) May the Lord resoes our soul," says I, and I fell down in a It. (Hoars of laughter.)-Did you ever see the like of it beforeP I Oh, no, sir.-What happened theu? The boys abput the place took it away. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell: What were you talking about when the animal came to the door P My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and lie was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked out and saw the animal, says I "It is the devil is there now surely." (Shouts of laughter.) Mr. Hayes: that ip the defence at the other side, your worship-that it was the devil who was there and not the camel. (Laughter.) Mr. Gregg: Didn't your husband say to you just before "' The devil take you P"-Witues : He did, sir. Mr. O'Connell: In he in the habit of talking about the devil P Well, he was, sir-he was too often in his mouth as I often told him. (Laughter.)-Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appearance to see after him under those cir cumstances Wisha, I suppose it was, sir. He was after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter.)--Hsa he been talking about the devil since P He has not, sir. (Laughter.) Mr. Juliaon: Mr. Batty can make a claim for the reformation of her husband. (Laughter.) His Worship considered Ihe plaintiff had received injuries on the occasion, and gave a decree for £3. 