THEATRE ROYAL. From Shakespere to a modern playwrighton Dickens, from Rosalind to Nancy Sykes! “O!what a falling off was there!” Such a thought as this was natural to the playgoer on seeing Mrs Gladstone in “Oliver Twist" on Saturday night after her Rosalind of the previous night. It was a falling off in the play and the player too, for though the remarkable versatility of the actress is seen in the ease with which she adapts herself, and so rapidly too, to such widely dif fering characters, it is natural that the player should lack in the melodrama the bracing influence of the higher inspiration of art in the great master’s immortal comedy. Putting aside the feeling of distaste which one has in seeing so capable an artiste in such a part as Nancy in “ Oliver Twist,” the actual play in Nancy revealed inequalities and improbabilities not found in the book, but inseparable probably from an attempt to unite large tragic faculty with'low comedy. Thus Mrs Gladstone as Nancy was sometimes wonderfully natur.il and foreible and pathetic, and sometimes she forgot her part and talked as good English and with as much grace of pathos as in the part of an educated woman in genteel comedy or the higher drama. The exigencies of the playwrightKistbrled the" features of the story-’in- some' particulars, but there., was: generally a fairly recognisable picture.- Some of .the •make-ups were capital.-"This^refers'chiefly to Mr O’Brien’s Fagin and Mr Munro’s Bill Sykes; They -were like the real vagabonds stepping out of the book: from the original illustrations, and-they both: played admirably, as did Mr and Mrs M‘Qo wan as Bumble and Mrs Corney, if broad fun be admirable. Mr Daniels as the Dodger was good,- and Miss Sutherland took the part of Oliver very skilfully. The subordi nate parts were fairly sustained, and though we -do not care for the play, we must credit the. players with having done their devoirs in the main very well in deed. The farce, “A Ghost in Spite of. Himself,” closed the entertainments. To-riight Mr James Car den will: appear in the new sensational play, “The Streets of New York.” The" management has been making great preparations for the efficient . produc tion of the play, whose lively and' spectacular accom paniments made it run well in ' Melbourne previous to the fire at the Theatre Royal there.' ‘ • 