THE INNOCENTS AT HOME. By MARK TWAIN. (Continued) The armorial crest of my own State consisted of two dissolute bars holding up the head of a dead and gone cask between them and making the pertinent remark, "UNITED WE STAND-(hic !) -DIVIDED, WE FALL.' It was always too figurative for the author of this book. But the Mormon crest wae easy. And it was simple, ostentatiousness, and fitted like a glove. It was a representation of a GOLDEN BEEHIVE, with the bees all at work ! The city lies in the edge of a level plain as broad as the State of Connecticut, and crotches close dean to the ground under a curving wall of umighty mountains whose heads are hidden in the clouds, and whose sho.lders bear relics al snow, 'of winter all the sumnmser Ilen. Seen tront one -of these dizzy Ieight-., twelve or fifteen miles off, Great Salt Lake City is toned down and dimisished, till tii is', * suggestive of a c ild's tou -rillage repoaing under the majestic protection of the `Chinese sell. On sowsu of those mountain., to tlhe south-west, it hall been rainng every day for two weeks, but not a drop, bead fllen in the cite. And on that days in late spriug and earls autumn the citizene'coiild quit fanninog anrid growling, asid go nut and cool elf byhloonktg at the luxury of's * glorious one',austrcmt going on.igIthe moutalains. They could enjoy it at a di. tanee, at those seasone, evert day, though d6 sanow would fall in their streets, o'r kbf. whE re near thelml. Selt Lake City was healthy'-- an extremsely' healthy city. They de clared there r as only ontto pIhyician in the Ilace asid Ie was arrested usery neo k regularly -and Iheld tolatwer unler tle vagrant art fir having " tno visible Imaeanll of asuppost." Thel'h-y always give yi a good olibstaitial article of truth in. Salt Li k, eand, good oteacule anid goud "'e ght tto. Very oftlen, il')u vatIlied to weigh onne of their airhiet little cosuntun.lt phloce etatealento you ounid Lant e thlay scoale.] We desired to vsit the lanmocs inland sea. the Aaueticui " Dtad Sea,"' the great Salt Luke-seventtea auiles, horeetack, truot the city -?tir-ne had dreamed about it, ast thought ahout it, aned talked about it, alsit rearled to sea it, all tile first part uf our trip; but now when it was only arm's length away it Ishad epddenly lust nearly every bit of its interest. And so we put it it off, in a sort ptl getra! way, till next da)--nd that wilt the last we ever thbught of it. We dined with some bouijltable Gentiles; and visied the louudation of the prodigioes temple ; and rslked long with that shrewd Connecticut Yankee, -Heber C. Kimball (since deceased,) a saint of bigh degree and a mighty man of commerce. We saw the "Tithing-House," and the " Lion Booue," and I do not know or remember how many more chbrch and government buildings of various kinds and corious neames. We flitted hither and thither and enjosed every boar, and picked up a great deal of useful information and entertaining nonsense, and went to bed at night sati-fied. The second dar, we made the acquaint anoce of Mr Street (since dereased,) and put on white ebirts and went and paid a state visit to the king. He seemed a quiet, kindly, easy-mannered, dignified, sell- possessed old gentleman of fifty-five or sixty, and bad a gentle craft in his eye that probably belonged there. He was very simply fressed, and was just taking offa strew bat as we entered. He talked about Utah, and the Indiana, and Nevada, and general American matters and qaea tion-, with our Secretary and certain Government officials who Came with tu. But he never paid any attention to me, notwithstanding I made eeveral attemptsr to "draw him oat" on Federal politics .nd his bigh-handed attitude toward Congress. I thought some of the things I said were rather fine. But he merely looked around at me. at distant intervals, I something as I have seen a benignant old cat look around to see a whbich kitten wras meddling with her tail. By and by I subsided into an indignant silence, and so I sat until the end, but and flushed, and I execrating him in my heart for an ignor ant-evage. But hbe wscalm. Hi coun versation with those gentlemen flowed on s as sweetly and peacefullh and musically as any summer brook. When the audience was ended and we were retiring from the presence, he put a his hand on my bead, beamed downon me I nto an admiring way, and said to my I brother : " Ahb-yor child, I presume? Boy or i girl ?" Mr Street was very busy with his tele graphic matters-and considering that he had eight or nine hundred miles ot rugged, snows, unilnhabited mountain-, and water less, treeless, melancholy deserts totraver.e with his wire, it was natural and needful I that he should be as busy as possible. Ile could not go comfortably along and cut his poles by the roadside, eitr.er, but they t aed to be hauled by ox teams across those exhausting deserts-and it was tao days' journey Ifom water to eater in oneor two t of them. MrStreet's contract was a ,ast a work, every one looked at it; and yet to comprehend what tbo vague words f "eight hundred miles of ragged moon. l tains and dismal deserts" mean, one moust go over the ground in person --pen and inkdescriptions cannot convey tre dreary 5 reality to the reader. And alter all, Mr I S's mightiest difficulty turned out to be r one which he had never taken into account s at all. Unto Mormons be had sub-let the hardest and heaviest ball of his great undertaking, and all of a sudden they con cluded that they were going to make little or nothing, and so they tranquilly threw 1 their poles overboard in mountain or desert, just as it happened when they took I the notion, and drove home and went about their customary business! They I were under written contract to Mr Street, but they did not care anything for that. The) said tlrey would " atmire " to see a "Gentile" force a Mormon to fulfil a losing contract it Utah I And they made themselves very merry over the matter, Street said-for it was be tirat told us these things. - "I was in dismay. I was under heavy bonds to complete my contract in a given time, and this disaster looked very much like ruin. It was an astounding thing ; it was such a wholly unlooked for difficulty that I was entirely nonplus-ed. I am a business matn-bare always been a busi. ness man- do-not know anything but business-and so you can imagine how like being struck with lightning it was to find masell int a country where written contracts scere worthless I-that main aecu rity-that sheet-ntchour-that absolute ne cessity-of business. iMy confi?ence left me. There was no use in making new cor-tract-that was plain. I talked witl first one prominent citilenr and then another. They all symplathised with me, first rate, bts they did not know how to help ree. But at last a Gentile said, "' Go to Brigham Young-these small iry can not do you any good." I did not think much of the idea, for it the law could not helpr me, what could an indisidual do who had not even anything to do with either making the laws or rexecuting theu, ? He uight be a very good patriarch of a church and ireacher in its tabernarle, but somethuing aterner than religion and moral suasion was needed to handle a hundred refractory, half-cisilived subcontractor,. Butawhat was a man to do? I thought it Mr Young could n-t do anything el-e, he iriglst pronbably be able to give me some adnice and a valuable hiit. or two, and so I went straight to himi aid laid the whole case before him. He said very little, but he showed strong intertat all the way through. He examined all thire papers in detail, and wheneser there seemed any thing like a hitch, either in the papers or my statement, he would go back and take up the thread and filow it iatfentls out to an intelligent and satisfactory result. Thren he inude a list atof the contractora' names. Fnrally iesaid: "' MrL Streret,. this is all perfectly plain. Tlrese contracis are strictly ard legelly drawn, and are riuly signed and certified. Tresoe amen ranifreastly entered into theu, with their eyes open. I see no fault or flaw allylihere.' -'"Then -iMr Young turned to a man waitnlrg.at the othler ~nd of tihe rooui, arld said: 'Take this lirt of names to Bo-and to, and tell himr to Iave these men here at ouch-anrld-uch an hour.' "They erare there, to the minnite. So Cas I. Mr Young asked them a nurribr of questluons, adl their anewers made ma statement good. Thren he said to then : "' You signed Ithese contracts aind as sumeJ.the-e oblligatione ot your own free Sill arnld accord ?' **" !Yes.' "' ''Tlen eanrry them out to the letter, if it,, akes epauleriio you I Gul " And triey did go, troo I They are srruog acrosa the d serls now,L working like bees, And I never hear, word out of tlerr. There is a baelch of govern.,rs. and jilrges, and uther officials here, firipped Iroua Wevhington, and they orlintair the aerrhlrarncu if a republican form ol go. verrment--but thie tetrified truth in that Utah is an abolute monarchy, and Brig. harr Yungr is king I Mr Street was a fine man, and I believe his stury. I ktrew -ilm well during nuoeral y or, alterwarda in San rantciSco. Our stay in Salt I.ake City amounted to rinly two day., and therefors e hadl no iure to Imake thire customar, inquiaitiun ilt thile workinga o1 polygamy, and get il sire usual statistics and deductions lIre parratrry to calling thIe attention of the ration at large unce morte to the matter. I aul the will to do it. Withl the guahing arli-eufficier.cy of outh I was lfeverisn to plunge in headllong and achieve a great re forar hlere- auatilIhaw thie Morrior wotrun. Then I was touched. My bunrt was wiuelrthnb 5 leadi., It weruied toward trea leoor, uPgalinly, and pathetlically Shomely " creatorts, and as I turned to bide the tenerous moisture in my "eyes I said, " \o-the man' that marries one of tbem bas done an act of Christian charity wbicb entitles him to the kindly applause of mankind, not their harsh censure-and the man that marries sixt) of them bas done a deed of open-handed generosity so sublime that the nations should stand on covered in his presence and worship in silence." It is lotion' country for thrilling even ing stories about a.asasinations of in. tractable Gentiles. I cannot easily con ceive ,f anything more cosy than the night in Salt Lake which we spent in a ,Gentile den, smoking pipes and listening to tales of how Burton galloped in among the pleading delencelees " Moriitces," and shot them down, men and women, like so many dogs. And bow Bill Hickman, a destroting Ang-l, shot Brown and Ar nold dead fur bringing suit against him for a debt. And how Porter Rockwell did this and that dreadful thing. And bow heedless people often come to Utah and make remarks about Brigham, or polygamy. or some other sacred matter, and the very next morning at daylight such parties are sure to be found lying up some back alley, contentedly waiting for the Iearse. And the next most interesting thing is to sit and -listen to these . Gentiles talk about polygamy; and bow some portly old frog ofan elder, or a bishop, marries a girl-likes her, marries her sister-likes her, merres another sister-likes, her, takes another- likes her, marries her mother-likes her, marries her father, grandfather, great grandlather, and then comes back hungry, and aska for more. And bow the pert youag thing of eleven will chance to be the favorite wile, and her own venerable grandmother have to rank away down towards D 4 in their mutual husband's esteem, and bave to sleep in the kitchen, as like as not. And how this dreadful sort of thing, this hiving together in one foul nest of mother and daughter*, and the making a youngdaugbhtersuperior to her own mother in rank and authority, are ttings which Mormon women submit to becau-e their religion teaches them thti the more wises a tIJaI has on earth, and the more children be rear', the higher the place they will all have in the world to come-and the warmer may be, thougn they do not seem to say anything about that. According to these Gentile friends of ours, Brigham Young's harem contains twenty orthirty wives. 'They said, that some of them had grown old and gone out uf activeservice, but were comfortably houved and cared for in. the benery-or the Lion House, as it is strangely name1. Along with each wife were her children fifty altogether. The house was perfectly quiet and orderly, when the children were still. "They all took'their - meals in one room, and a hap;.y and, homelike sight it was pronounced to be. - Noe of our party got an opplrtunityto take dinner with Sr Young, but a Gentile by the nanie of Johnson prufes.ed to base enjoyed a soci able breakfast in the Lion House. lie gave a preposterous account of the"calling of the roll," and other preliminaries, and the carnage thiatensued when the buck wheat cakes camein. But'he embellished rather too much. He said that Mr Young told hits several smart. sayings of his "two-year-old.," observing with some pride that for many years he had been the heaviest contributor in that line to one of the eastern magazines; and then he wanted to show Mr Johnson one of the pets that bed had said the last good thing, but.he could not find the child. Hl searched the !aces of the children, in detail but could not decide which' one it, was. Finally, he gave it up with a sigh, and aid:- "I thought I would know the little cub again, but I don't." Mr Johnson said further that Mr Young observed that life was a sad, sad thing--"because the jo of every new marriage a man contracted was"so apt ' to be blighted by the inopportune funeral of a less recent bride." And iMr John- on said that while ie ann Mr- Young.aerd pleasantly conversing in private, one ot the Mrs Youngs cause in and demaende'd a breast-pin, rewarkingthatshe had found out that halt been giving'a breast-pin to No. 6, and she for one, did not propose to let this partiality go on without making a satisfactiry amnount of trouble about it. Mir Young reminded her that therea was a stranger present. Mrs Youan said that if the state of things inside the house was not agree: lea the strangerle could find room out-ide. Mr Young promaisd the breast-pin''aid she went away. Buttin a minute or two another Mre Young came in and'daotit.deda broa-t-pin. 'Mr Yourtg began a remonstrance, but Mr, Young cut him no,t. She said No. 6 had gut one and No. 11 was promised one, and it was "nu use fur him to try to impose upon her--she hoped she knew her tights " He gave his promise and she went. Antd pr.rently three Mrs Young's entered in a body .and opened on their husband a tempest of tears, abuse, andl entr at'. They had heard all about 'No. 6, No. 11, and No. 14. 'T'hree more breast pins atreu romised. They were hardla gone when nine m'ore Mrs Youngs filed into the ' presence,'and a new temal.est burst forth end raged round about' the prophet and his. guest. nine breast-pins were proluisedl, and tIe weirdl sietars tilled out again. Ald in "cane eleven more, weeping and "eailing and griaslhing their teeth. Eleven iroumied breast-pins pur chaseeld pece once more . .... ete "That is a specimen," said Mr Young. "You see how it is. You see whata life 1lead. & man can't be wise all the time' In a heedless mument .1 gavemy darling No 6-eicuas'mdy 'calling her thus, as her1 other name has' escaped me for the moment-a breast-pitt. It was only worth twenty-live dollaras--that is, aop. poeutoly thlat was Its whole cost-but its ultimate coat was inevitably boutd to be a good deal more. You yourself have seen it climb up to six hundred and fifty dollars-and alas, even that is not the end I Fur I have wives all over this Territory of Utah. I have dozens of wivee'whose ntumbers, even, I do not know'without looking in the Family Bible. 'Ibhey are aeattered far and wide among the mountaius atid valleys of my realm. And mark you, every solitary one of them will hear of this wretched breast-pin, antd every last one of them will have one or die. No t's breast-pin will cost me twenty-five hundred dollars beforeo I see the end of it. And these creatures will compare these piue to gerber, and if one is a shade fuer than the rest, they will all be thrown on my hands, and 1 will have to order a new lot to keep peace in the family. Sir, you probably did not know it, but all the time you were present with my children you every moment was watched by vigilant aervitore of mine. If you had offered to give a child a dime, 'or a stick of candy, or any trifle of the kind, you wiuld have been snatched out of the bouse instantly, provided it could be done before your gift left your hand. Otherwise it would he absolutely neces sary foryou to make an. exactly similar gift to all my hbildren-and knowing by experience the importance of the thing, I would have etoid by and seen to it my self that you did it, and did it thoroughly. Once a gentleman gave one of my chil dren a tin whistle-a veritable invention of Satan, sir, and one which I have an unspeakable horror of, and so would you if you had eighty or ninety children in your house. But the deed was done the man escaped. I knew what the re snlt was going to be, and I thirsted for vengeance. I ordered out a flock of De stroying Angels, and they hunted the man far into the fastnesses of the Nerada mountains. But they never caught him. I am not cruel, sir-I am not rindictive except when sorely outraged-but if I had caught him, sir, so help me Joseph Smith, I would have locked him in the nursery till the brats whistled him to death. By the slaughtered body of St Parley Pratt (whom God assoil!) there was never anything on this earth like it i I knew who gave the whistle to the child, but I could not make those jealous mothers believe me. They believed Idid it, and the result was just what any man of reflection could have forsen ; I had to order a hundred and ten whistles-I think we had a hundred and ten children in the house then, but some of them are at college now-I had to order a hundred and ten of those shrieking things, and I wish I may never speak anothor word if we didn't have to talk on our flogers entirely, from that time forth until the children got tired of the whistles. And if ever another man gives a whistle to a child of mine and I get'my hands on him, I will bang him higher than Haman! That is the word with the bark on it ! Shades of Nephi! You don't know any thingabout married life. I m rich, and everybody knows it. I am benevolent, and everybody takes advantage of it. I [ have a strong fatherly instinct and all the foundlings are foisted on me. Every time a woman wants to do well by her darling, she puzzles her brain to cipher out some scheme for getting it into my hands. Why, sir, a woman came here once with a child of a curious lifeless sort of complexion (and so had the woman), and swoJe that the child was mine and she my wife, that I had married her at such-and-such a time in such-and- such a place, but she had forgotten her number, and of course I could not remember her name. Well, sir, she called my attention to the fact that the child looked like me, and really it did seem to resemble me-a common thing in the Territory-and, to I cut the story short, I putt i in my nur sery, and she left.. And by the ghost of I Orson Hyde, when they came to wash the i paint off that child it was an Injun ! Bless my soul, you don't know anything about married life. It is a perfect dog's life, You can't economise. It isn t pos sible. I have tried keeping one set of bridal attire for all occasions. But it is of no use. First you'll marry a com bination of calicoaand consumption that's as thin as a rail, ind next you'll get a creatures that's n'dthirg more than the dropsy in disguise, and ihen you've got to eke out that bridal dress with an old balloon. That is the way it goes. And think of the wash bill-(excuse these tears)-nine hundred and eighty-four pieces a week ! No, sir, there is no such thing as economyin a family like mine. Why, just the one item of cradles-think of it! And vermifuge! Soothing syrup ! Teething rings I and 'papa's watches' for the babies to play withki and things toscratch the furniture with and nlociter matches for theni to eat ! and pieces of glass to cut themselves with I The item of glass alone would support yotr famiy, I venture to say; sir. Let me scrimp-and squeeze all I can, I still can't get ahead as fast ae I fool I onght to, with my' np portunities. Bless you, sir, at a time when 1 had seventy-two, wives in this house. I groaned 'under the pressure of keeping thousands of dollars tied up in seventytwo' bedsteads when the money ought to have been out at interest; and I just sold out the whole stock, sir, at a sacrifice, and built a bedstead seven feet long and ninety- six feet wide. But it was a failure, sir. I could not sleep. It appeared to me that the whole seventy two women snored at once. The roar was deafening. And then the danger, of it Tnat was what I was looking at. They would draw in their breath at. once, and you could actually see the walls of the house suck in -and then they would all' exhale their breath at once, and you could see the walls swell our, and strain, and hear the rafters crack, and the shingles grind to gethber. My friend, take an old man's advice, and don't encumber yoursell with a large family-misnd, I tell you, don't do it. In a small family, and in a small family only, you will find that comfort and that peace of mind which are the'best at last of the blessings this world is able to afford us, and for the lack of which no accumulation of wealih, and io acquisition of fame, power, and greatnesscan ever coopensate us. Take' my word for it, ten or eleven wives is allyoti need-never go over it."'' Some instinct or other made me set this Johnson'down as being enreli.ll:. And Set he was a very entertainings person, and I doubt if sorme of the, information he gave us:could have been acquired from any other source. tie was a pleasanit con trast to those reticent Mormons. All men have beard of the Mormon Bible, but few except the " elect" have seen it, or, at least, taken the trouble. to read it. I broiht awasy a copy from.Salt Lake. The'bhok is a citriosity to me,.it is such a pretentious ll'air and.yet so "slow," so sleepy; such an incipid mess of inspiratioen It is chloroform in print. If Joseph Smith cossposed this book, tlhe act was a' miracle-keeping awake while he did it was, at any rate, If be, accord ing to tradition, merely iranslated it from certain anceu- andnrinryteriaIsly.-engraved plates o' cpler, which he declares he found under a stone, in an out-of-the-way locality, the work o l-translating was equally a miracle, for-the same reason. The book seems to be menrely asprosy detail of ima-inary history, wiih the Old1 T'estament for a. model; folloived bIy a tedious pl'giarism of the New Testament. The author laboured to give his wodrds and phrases the qsquaint,'6ld-fashlioned sound and structure-bt our Kina'Jamnes's trans. lation of the Scriptures; and the result is a mongrel- halt mcddrn glibness, and half ancient simplicity hiidgruivity. The latter is awkwarld ind constriined;_the f .rmer natural, hut grotesque by the conitrast. Whenever he founad' bid speech growving too modern- .which';as about every set. teoce or two-he ladled in a fet such Scriptural phrases as "exceeding sore," " and it came to pai," etc., and made things satisfactory again. "And it came to pass" was his pet. If he had left that out, his Bible would have been ouly'a pansplct. '-- 'o The title-page reads as follows: Tas boon oes lonmato: eAs AccosNr wrRT. TEN nY THo UAinD 0 YO IORMO, UPON PLATES TAK~EN e.os 11a PLATEs or uSPIII, Wherefore iisis an ahbridgmenet of tle secord of the p eple of Nrphi, mid also of tihe Laman ites;'wrltten to the Lamoaite;i, who ire a remnant o the Hiouse of Israel; ad ulsom to Jew and eitile, written by ay wayofcommaud. meat, and also by the spirit of prophsray ,nod of revelation; Wvritten and aseled up, and hiid up unto the Lord ithat they hight not be de-. stroyed ; to colae fortsh iy the gift. aud power of God unto the istelprecatusou thereol ;s ealed by the hand of bluroni, and bid upuuts |he Lord, to aoms forth in due time by way of the, Gentile; the intepretatiao thereof y the gift of God.. An abriigment taken ifram the book of Ether also; wheh is a record of the people of Jared; who wae scatterd at the time the Lord confotnded the hlngale of the people when they were ?ailding a tower to get to Heaven. S"Hid u" is good. And so is " where fore "-though why "wherefore"? Any other word would have answered as well -though in tro.h it would no:t have sounded so Scriptural. Next comes :?-f TsrnUMOX or antE wrITrCaSSES. Be it known un-o all nations, kindred+, t?:.ae, and people unto whom this work shal? co?te, that we. thtrough the grace of tNod the Fsth:er, and oar Lord Jesus Christ, have s??.n the plates which contain this record, whish is a record of the people of Nephi, and aio of the Iamanit?c? th.ir brrtheru. and also of the peuple of Jared. who came from the tower of which hath been spoken ; and we also know that they have been translated by the gift and power of God, for His voice hath declared it unto us; w.ere:ore we know of a sarety that the work is true. And we also testifr the we hive seen the engravinug which are upon the plates; and they have been shown unto us by the parer of Ged, and not of man. AnJ we declare with words of soberness, that an au;el of God came down from heave,, and hte brought and laid b-fore oar eyes, tIhat we beheld and saon toe plates, and the engrav ings thereon, and we know that i is by the grace of Gd the Father, and oar Lord Jesus Christ. that we beheld'and bear record that these things are true: and it is marvel uas in our eves ; erertheless the voice of'the Lord coommanded us that we should bear record of it; wherefore, to be obedient unto the com m.ndmeuts of God, we bear estimonyof these things. And we know that if we are faithful in Christ, we shall rid out garmen;ts of the b ood of all men, nod be found spotlss before thejdigment-reat of Christ, and shall dwell with thm eternally in the heavens. And the honour be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, which is one God. amen. OttLIT COWDEsRY, DAVID WHITMERn, MARlINI HARRIS. Some people have to have a world of evidence before they can come anywhere in the neighbourhood of believing any thing; but for me, when a man tells me that he has "seen the engravings which are upon the plates," and not only that, but an angel was there at the time, and saw him see them, and probably took his receipt for it, I am very tar on the road to conviction, no matter whether I ever heard of that man before or not, and even if I do not know the name of the angel, or his nationality either. Next is this: YAND ALSO 'THE TrESTIMOSY OF EIOHT WITNESSES., Be it known unto. all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people unto whom this work shall comne, that Joseph S, ith. Jr., the trans lator of this work, has shown unto us the plaes of which hath beenr spoken, which hate the appearance of gold; and ns many of the leaves as the said Somtth has trans lated, we did handle with our hinds; and we alo saw the engravings thereon, all of which has the appearance of ancient work, and tf curious workmnanship. And this we bear record with words of soberness that the said Smith has shown unto us, for we' have seen and halted, and know of a surety that the said Saith has got the plates of which we have spoku. Alid we., give our cames unto the world, to witness. unto the. world that which we have seen; and we lie not, God hearing witness of it. Christian Whitmer. Hiram Page. Jacob Whitmer. Joseph Smith, Sr. Peter Whitmer, Jr. iyrum Smith. John Whitmer.- Samuel H. Smith. And when I am far on the road to con aictioui anl elgot mel 'e they gt-amtmatt cal or otherwise, come ffivwird and tellime that they have seen the plates too; and not only seen those plates bit bhetted" them, I ai convinced. ' 1 could not feel more satisfied and at rest if the entire Whitmer family had testified. The Mormon Bible consists of fifteen " books "-bring the : books of Jacob, Eoos, Jarom, Omni, Mousiah, Zeniff, Alma, telamnao, Ether, .Moroni, two " books " of Miormon, and three of Nephi. 