SPURIOUS PHILOSOPHY A SOURCE OF SPIRITUAL DANGER." iewam'olest aany man spoil :you throught I mlloh'and voini deceit, aftor tie -trditton of E Ynl oftoer the rudimouats of theo world, and not afte Christ."-il, oss? ns I., 8y. m (t There are times, dear brethren, when even at. ai the risk of boing censured as a. more alarmist, h, and a culpable disturbor of the Church's peace, at it is ono's bounden duty, in a moro prominent hb mnneor, to sneak' out openly and fearlessly in defence of Christian truth, and against the insidious growth of error and superstition either in doctrine or in practice. Our Bishop well said in his opening address at the recent session Synod, "If duty calls rupon us to state our o opi1io", lot its honostly stato 'them, and leave ti them' to tie force of truth and theo Spirit's , poer." So far, howover, as I am individually ii concerned, if I know myself aright, I disclairn m any desire for controversy as such, since as a as rule, it is so productive of evil, but peace should never be purchased at the costly price 'of sacri- iced principles. Where things indifferent, or nonessentials are 'concerned,, it might be our duty or at least it might be most desirable, that we should yield our own feelings in deference to the wishes, or even, the fancies of others, but where principles are at issue such compliance were sinful, and salence, unfaithfulness. And in acting upon the principle we have just named, we do but follow tihe examnploe of the Apostle Paul. Writing to the Corinthian Church, he says, " For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that mnight gain the more. And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to themn that are under the w, nan under the law that I might gain them that are under tine law. To themm that are without law, as without law. (bing not without p law to God, but under the law to Christ) that I cc might gain thous that are without law. To the D weak became I as weak, that I might gain the in, weak; I am nnido all things to all moe,n, that I tr might by alnl neans save some." Ho is made fit "ail things to all men," not by compromise, n, but by a sympathetic concession in al lawful respects; "-And this," he says, "I do for the Gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with e?u" (1 Cor. ix., 10-23). But whnore the "principles of the doctrines of Christ" are at stake how different is his procedure, how alteredfa his language ! No more uncompromising defender of the faith can we find than the Apostle Paul. Note, for example, his languageo in the Second Epistle to the Corinthians. False teachers had entered that Church who, in order to the furtherance -of their own designs, had called in question Paul's apostolic authority, whereupon he says, " For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed: that I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters. For his letters, say they, are weoigty amind powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible. Let such such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are a absent, such will we be also in deed when we are prscont" (2 Cor. x., 8-11). And in he assigns as the reason of this boldness, his tender regard for his Corinthian converts, thus saying, "For I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy ; for I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you as a chaste vir- gin to Christ. But I foear lest by any means, as f the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, 1l so our minds should be corrupted fromn tnhe a simplicity that is in Christ" (2 oCr. xt., 2, 3). ti And, again to the Galatian Church when Jud hi izing teachers had been successful in drawing so ome bhack to the carnal ordinances of tihe Mosaic law, he says "I marvel that ye are ]i so soon removed from him that called you nn into the grce of Christ unto another gospel: ti which is not another ; but there be some that at trouble you, and would pervert tinhe gospel of 1. Christ." And, then, tnhundoring forth an p, anathema, lie says, " But though we, or an ri angel from heavon, proach any other gospel j, unto you than that which we pracheod unto you, ft let him be accursed. As we said before, so say n, I now again,If any man preach any other gospel tl unto you than that ye have received, let himn v he accursed" (Gal, ,, 6-0). Anil even Peter, w himself, when hei had ."walked not uprightly tl according to the truth of the Gospel" did not a, escapo the just censuro of Paul. "But when tl Peter was come to Antioelh, I withstood hin to tl the face, becanso he was to be blamned For bo fore that certain came from James,' he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, t he withdrew and separated himself, fearing t them which were of the circumcision. And the ti other Jewe dissemnbled likewise with him ; inso much that Barnibas also was carried away with ti their dissimulation. But wheli I saw that they t walked inot prilhtly,- according to tio t ruthi of f tlle Gospel, I saidul unto Peter before them all, o df thou, being a Jow, livest after the manner of mi ,Gentiles, aund not ?an do the Jews, whiy com helleat then tie Gentiles to love as do the J'ews" t (Gal. it, 11-14). And tiosamo uncompromising regard for e hie truth oharat rise the Apostle in his letter to tine Philippian Church wherein he says having reference to Judaizers in that Church,-"Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision. For we are the circumcision which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh " (Phillip rn, 2, 3). And, once more, in his Epistle to the Colossian Church, we observe the same consistency of character. Apprehending danger from tine influences that wore at work in tlhat Church, he sounds the note of warning as in the language of the text "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments -of the world, and not after Christ." Thus fortified by the example of the great Apostle of the Gentiles we also shall raise our voice (however feeble its effects may be) on the side of the simple teachings of the Gospel of Christ, and utter- a word of -warning against ,those corrupt, and Christ-clouding additions, under the bondage of which, a spurious philosophy would now seek to bring the souls of the un wary. And to this course we are pledged by our ordination vows, for n to every one seeking admission to the order of Priest (i.e. Presbyter) in our llurcl; this qoeation is pint in hill you beready, wit .'all faitftnl diligenco, to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doc trines contrary to God's word ?" And tino fol. owing answevr is required to be made, I wll, tlion t into-- - ing l m invite your aton-n TIM ITSo . APPLIobmILTy TO TUE PaREsENT Lenking intd.tine subjOct matter of tihe text there ore two particulars wiolh offer themselves Adverting to the formser of thsee particuuars, I'-Tue-o ttuprom , - g ain-t which the cain deo l~nei?t;ent, is cahllnd-".hilonophy and vain -Snout to?'t? _,tlaflto- of men, ftor the rudi ·m ?.' th.vRrmi.,an.? not'.afer. Christ," " It mist ,not, lhowever, ho supposoe that te A postle a is hli condelmning philosophy in general, (for a tlheoro is a true and noble ipilosophy which tendsd to the good ofn, an, ad'the honour and glory of a nod) but only tlt spuriocus philosophy to which ihe terms, of the text so justly apply- it tiat vain, dceitful philosophy so alculatedto g dim'the glory of C.hrist either by denying his r Deity-denying that "in him dwelleth all the ii fullness of the Godhead bodily," or by detracting a from His suflicionay and completeness to answer a all the requirements of a fallon world, Of this i plhilosophy, which is "vain deceit," let uis notico i the tihreo things wlich are afflllrmed in the text. c It is afilrmnod- 1\. That it is "after lee tradition of men." The character of tle traditiolh referred to, the apostle indicates by calling it "the tradition of mana," by.whichlite would draw a wide dis tinction btwieen .such tradition, and those traditions to the observance of which ho gives his counsel. Concerning these latter traditons, ihe says in the eloventh chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians, and the second verse, "Now I praise you, brothren, that ye remember inm in all things, and keep the ordinances" (traditions), " s I dolivored them to you." And again in his Second Epistle to the Thessalonians he tlius admonishes-" Therefore brethren, stanid fast, and hold the traditions which yo have boon taught, whether by word, or our epistle." And again-" Now we command yout bretlron, in the name. of our Lord Jesus Christ that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us," (2 Those ir, 0). But what are we now to understand by those tradi- tions ? From what has boon already. stated it will be. gathered that the term "tradition' " is employed by the Apostle to designate that teachin wich wai derived from the Apostles and which was handed on from one to another either by Word of mouth, or by writing. In early times, and until the Canon of Scripture, was complete, oral tradition was to a great ex- tent a necessity, and such tradition as it was delivered by the Apostles was as truly inspired as that whuch they wrote; but now that the. Canon of Scripture is complete, tradition is not to be relied upon or to be followed as the , teaching of the Apostles any further than such tradition is either found in, or is proveablo by Holy Scripture; so that the case is now, as truly stated ii our sixth article, "Holy Scrip- ture containeth all things necessary to salva tion: so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved theroby, is not to be re- qilired of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the Faith, or be thought reqhi- site or necessary to salvation." But the ",tradition" to which the Apostle alludes, (as in part the basis of the false philosophy he was condemning), is that which cannot claim a Divine origin-which is the result of vain imaginations and deceits, and so is but " the tradition of men." Now the, pernicious in- fluences of such traditions Holy Scripture does not fail to. point out. We read. in one place that there " Came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the Scribes which came from Jerusalem. And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with.defiled that is to say, with unwashen, hands they found fault. For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders. And when they of come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brazen vessels, and of tables. Then the Pharisees and Scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according tq the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?" ' Then said Jesus; applying to them tie words of an old prophecy, "Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honorth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. Howbeit, in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups :, and many other such like things ye do. And the said unto them, Full well ye 'reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition." And that this might not be regarded as an un- founded charge, he produces an example, "For Moses said, Honor thy father and thy mother; and whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death. ' But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be eofiteed by me ; he shall be free. And ye suffer ini no more to do ought for his father or his nother ; malking the word of God of none effect through your tradition which ye have delivered : and any such like things yo do" (Marik vi., 1-13). And St. Pieter, a'o, writing to Jewish people, speaks of their "vain conversation received by tradition" (1 Peter 1. 18). The Jewish people had received a host of traditions from their fathers (to which the Apostle Paul makes allusion in his Epistle to the Galatians), the effect of which traditions had been to render vain, empty, and profitless, their life, and the worship of God. Against traditions, therefore, of mere human authority, which are contrary.to the teaching of Holy Scripture, the Apostle raises his voice as being perilous to the best interests of man, and subversive of the gospel of Christ-"Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy-and vain deceit after the tradition of men." And this is a matter we shall do well to keep in view at the present time, since many .practices sought to be intro duced into our Church-such as the sacrifice of the mass, auricular confession, priestly absolu- tion, and prayers for the dead--have no better foundation than mere human (that is to say uninspired) tradition, being so utterly' repug- nant to the word of God and the teaching of our Church. And in saying this we say no more than will admit of abundant proof. But another thing affirmed of spurious philosophy is 2\. That it is "after the rudiments of the ' world." By " rudiments," Paul does not mean the essentials of true religion, but legal ordinances, whether these relate to Judaism or Heathenism. And he speaks of those as the rudiments of the world, because they wero merely' extendal rites of which outward sese could takek cognizance lhad a glory which was more worldly, than c spiritual, and were held in greater estimation i by the worldly, the self-righlteoeus, and the t moralist, than they were by the spiritually minded. Now great danger.. exoted in I Apostolic times of the simplicity of the e gospel and of religious woralip being marred I by the enforcement of obsolete Jewish rites, and the splendours and attractions of I Pagan worship. It was this danger which ioften formed the subject of Apostolic warning nnd solicitude. In hils letter to tle Galatians, for inetance, he reminds them of their former cono versation in the times of. their ignorance, and onquires how, when once released from a statoe of idolatry they could return to tlhmt bondage. "Howbeit, then, when ye know not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods. But now, after that yo eave known God, or ratlher are known of God how ternt yo again to the weak and- beggarly elements, wherounto ye desire again to be in bondage ? Yo observe days, anid montlhs, and times, and years. 'I am I afraid of you1 lest I lhave bestowed upon yeo labor in vain' (Gal. iv. 8.11). And recalling them to a sense of their privileges in Christ, he exhorts them to stand fast thoroin-" Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ hathl made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage" (Gal. v. 1). And to the Colossians he says, "Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world,' why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances (touch not; tasto not; handle not; which allare to perish with tle using), after tIle commandments and doctrines of men which things hleave indeed a show of wisdom in will-worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body; not in any Ihonor to the atifyingof the flesh" (Col. I. 20-23). a And in its application to the present time, we 1- enquire, Is tiere no cause for anxiety in these t respetc . Is there no philoeops,~ eyow s eoh abounds largely in the rudiments of the worldi cd and drawsa any of its attractions fromn this same w sonree I The~ is, brethren, a spurious pilo- sophy, a "vain deceit," the offspring of human tradition," which finds its sensate expression in the RITUALISM of the present day. lhuero is groat confusion in the mind of many as to the real nature of Ritualism. The REALITY of Ritualists is not found so much in the pomp and show which are sooeen in connection with it- as in something which lies deeper than this, and may have an existence long before it is clothed in a forml of which the eye can take notice. The ESSENCE OF RITUALISM is DOCTRINE, NOT DRESS, and if it can be shown that the so doctrines of which Ritualism (as the term is lh popularly understood) is the symbolism, are of bomng taght in this Diocese, then the conclusion cannot be avoided that true Ritualism is in existence oero. As revealing the real nature of ritualism, we 'appeal to the testimony of Archdeacon: Denison and Dr Pusey, each of whom, it will be allowed, is an authority on the subject In a letter to the Bislop of Gloucester pub- lished in 1800, Archdeacon Denison declared That it was an illusion to believe that Ritualism was more a thing of pomp and ceremony, and love of display and decoratioin than anything elso: that it was an illusion to believe that et lad nothing deep or earnest about it, and, therefore, to expect that it might go as it came and not leave much trace behind it. He re- marked that it was hardly likely men would incur the danger of tilhe loss of position, name, and repute : would incur obloquy and reproach and tumult, and alienation of friends, if the color and ceremony and dress meant nothing. Ritualism, its his opinion, WAS IDENTICAL WITH, BELIEF IN DOCTRINE . In the same year Dr. Pusey, at a meeting of the English Church Union, said, "In our early days we were anxious on the subject of Ritual-I am speaking of three and thirty years ago. The circnmstances of those times d were entirely different front those of the present. What we had to do, was to rouse the Church to a sense of what she posssssed, and so to teach her that she should herself act in all things healthlfully from herself. We had a distinct fear with regard to Ritual: and we privately dis- couraged it, lest the whole movement should bo- come superficial. We had to awaken persons to the very DOCTRINES themselves. To have introduced Ritual before the DOCTRINES gad widely taken pos- session of fle hearts of the people would only have been to place an obstruction in their way. It would have been like children sticking flowers in the ground to. perish immediately. Our ofice rwas. rather, so to speak, to plant the bulb t whrere, by God's blessint , at might take root, and lrow and flower beautifully, naturally, health filly, fararantly,. anld astingly." Thus Arch- f' deacon Denison teaches that "Ritualism is identical with belief in DOCTRINE ;" and Dr. Pusey declares that doctrine is the saLn, which lie and his party planted some three and thirty years' ago, froi which is now he sprung up the :flower called RITUALISM. And how largely does Ritualism deal in the a "ccrudiments of the world Il" How numerous at are its rites and requirements'l How gorgeous t and pompous its outward display I ' How strong its appeals to tie senses I Vrily, of such w philosophy it may be truly afilrmed that it is or "'after the tradition of men, after the rudiments ii of the world." .Si But the most crushing condemnation. of spurious philosophy, is that which the Apostle further affirms respecting it viz . 3\. That it is "not after Christ."'-Christianity is a system peculiar and distinct from every other. It is the religion which worships God in the spirit, and rejoices in Christ Jesus, and has no confidenoe in the flesh. It is the religion of the poor penitent soul oppressed with tihe burden of his sins, going not to maru, but to Jesus, to confess his sins, for in Jesus he finds a sympathising High Priest which can be touched with a fooling of our infirmities, for he "was tempted in all points like as we are, yet without sin. It is the religion of the soul ardently trusting to the sacrifice of Christ once for call offered up to God, and never again to be re- peated. It is the religion of the renewed soul, which exalts Christ above overything ; aid which, jealous for the glory of Christ, refuses to pay divine honor to One concerning whom a fascinating, but dangorous writer says- "Whose name, ct All but adoritng love, may claim." ri It is the religion of the spiritually-minded, who places not dependence upon outward forms, fa but aims at realizing the power of godlinees hi within. This religion is "after Christ,' because ill accordance with His teaching; but false philosophy is "cot after Christ." It may be after Jewish zealots, or fanatical teacheors, or Plato, 1 or Pythagoras, or Aristotle, but it is " not after Christ." It savours not the tlhings which be of Christ-it puffs up the mindwith conceit-it fixes the affections on outward objects-it brings in other Mediators--aud it teachesthat men need more for their salvation than Christ has done for to them. Such philosophy is surely NOT AFTER CHRIST. But without pausing to notice the bearing of all this upon that spurious philosophy which denies the Deity of our Lord, and the necessity of the Atonement, and exalts and worships human U reason, we shall deal with it in its application S to that one form of vain philosophy we have A boon already considering uindor the title of ci " Ritualism," which is only ROMANISM under another name. This philosophy we affirm is "not after Christ," because- I.-Its Sacramental theory is repugnant to the c word of Codl. The beauty and simplicity of the t Lord's Supper as instituted by the Redeemer is totally done, away with. by the superstition and idolatry, by which Ritualism now surrounds it. The root of the evil is in the theory maintained, that at the prayer of Consecration the elements o of bread and wine, become by the power of the Holy Ghost the very body and blood of Christ. What is this but tihe doctrine of Transubstan tiation, Now, lost it should be supposed that I misrepresent the case, let me put P before you a few extracts from works emanating from advocates of Ritualism. It P has beeoon maintaiied, that you may make a book appear either good or bad accord- b to the extracts you make from it. We admit o the fact, but that we may deal fairly with the author whose sentiments we are about to notice ii on the point at issue, we slall acknowledge that t in the preface to his little book, " Concerning thee Maunner of the Real Presence," he says " We believoe Christ to be present in the t Eucharist in a'ral, but still asplritlcal, presence: d all carnal notions are expressly repudiated." But this view he flatly contradicts, and main tains subsequently not a merely spiritual i preseince (ic the same seiso that our Lord lhas 1 spoken of his presence among believers- ' ~Wherd two or throeo are gathered together in t cy name theore am I in the midst"), but an actual iresosonco, by whichl he moeans, as may be clearly gcthered from other parts of his work, a corporal eresenco of Christ. Ict one place he says- 1 ' Every righltly-informed, rightly.bolieving Christian can hlave no doubt whatever that the reception of the blessed saecramecit is by far tile most imnportmnt action which he can perform on oearth.. It isnmore important than dying; yes, far more important, though the lingernmg horrors 1 and desperate struggle of the last hour mayc 1 seem to worldly eyes a more awful sight thlnl the quiet altar and Ihumbld appearance of bread ad wine. Yet to go to God is surely not so importuet as to receive GLod INTo ocurselves." If this should shock the feelings of any, I am not surprised ; but though it imay shockyou further, I will yet tell you what is also directed with regard to the feeoolings with which one should retire to bed on the Saturday night. He says S" Go to bed with a kind of holy and impatient Sjoy to think that Jesus will come to you in the morning, that you will-you can hardly believe a so great a thing for very gladness-thlat you will AnTrUALLY" (observe, not spiritcall) "' receive t His body aro your body the next day; that for Ssome hours" (this does not road like the r Apostlo's words, "that Christ may owcr., i.e. p. abide continuallny in your hearts by faith), 'He iand you may be so utterly one, that, as a o saint says, ' The prayers you pray for a chlile h cfter Communion are not so much your prayers -, - . . .your rayer a HisB who i prayinlg in you.' ..I ay go to hod y, aith ,a ki.-? of ]holy, and. impationt joy; 0. O dear, O?lossod, 0 most Holy Lord Joeans can in it be that I, a sinner, shaoulad rso up Stmnday a after Sunday, and that Thou shouldst come unto o l mo,.givo TIYSNsLF INTO aIYr IANDS' (Is not that to i corporal presenco 7) 'and enter into mo' I Ahlt I Lord, I cey, with the centurion, 'Lord, I am w not wortly Thou shouldat come under my roof; but speak the word only, and thy servant shall f be healed.' Perhaps some will say, "iTheis is a very extreme case," but I answer that the orin- li ciplp hero laid down is not in advance of the of teaching of the ALTAn Boom rolt YOUNx P?In of soNs-a manual that by some nmeans or another It hrs found its way into tis lioceseo, and is now offered for sale, A sort of rubrical statoment in tlhat book contains these words, lRemember 1 that OChrist Himself, Very God and Very Mian, a Who was truly born, suf~erod and died for uns, is trtly, and really present IN. the -Blcsedi Sacramont," atd then the young person is taught to say "i0 Olhrist Jesus, Very God and i Very Mat ; I believe with a finn faith that at Thou art verily and indeed present in this blessed Sacrament. For Thou, who art the TrOTtoI itself, hast said, THis is stY BODcYe TIIts ts ?tY BLoon. Thten again, "While the priest is gt offering the bread and wine, which is tile oblation of of the ;Elementsta , say, 'We offer unto Thee,' 0of Lord, those Tlhy gifts to us, that they may be consecrated to scDEcUe THE BODY AND BLooD or Oaiterr." Then further, the Rubrical state mnont respecting "The Consecration" is explicit an enough, . It reads thus "!The most solemn act in the service, by which the BREAD ND n.WIN r t BECOME, THROUGI THE PowEt or Gou TUr as Ho?rv GuosT, VEtILY AND INDEED TIa BODY AND BLooD oF CanlisT, and are then oflfered to to God the Father as the Eucharistic SAontroia." Ic Such languago can have only one meaning; if it ha does not teach unmistakeably the doctrine of transubstantiation, in whlat language could that ho doctrine be more distinctly taught ? And tr further-Is thero not hero the offering up of thie 1 Sacrifice omplhatically taught It is no defenoce to say thlat it is only tile Manorial ttltit 'i offred up-if tlohe Bread and /Iitt eccoam verily o and indeed THe BooDY AD BLOOD or OtnIIsT, then it is "indeed the Body laidBlood of Christ" fi" tlat is offered up, atd thtis is quit opposed to a Scripture which teaclhes tlhat Christ "opfferedl onc it sacrllc for' sins for ever" (Hob. x, 12),-antd 1 further is at variance with our Lord's teaching he at the institution of His Supper. Wthen enjoitn ing the observance of this Supper Ho did not ha say to His disciples, offer this as a memorial to God, but "'Do this in remembrance of me," i.e., to our remeinbranco of Christ. And thistl doctrine of "Transubstantiation," and "olfering th up of the Sacrifice," as it has no th foundation' in Scripture, neither is it thie T "trne doctrine of tile Church of England." to Our 28th Article says :--" Transubstantiation (or to the change of tile substance of bread and wine) th in the Supper of the Lord, cannot be proved by p holy Writ; but it is repugnant to tihe plain co words of Scripture, overthroweth the nature of in a sacrament, and hath given occasion to many in superetitions. The body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten' in the Supper only. after anu heavenly and spiritual manner. And the lmean whereby theo, body' of Christ is received and do eaten in the Supper' is faith." And in a "declaration" at tie end of our Communion Service it is set forth-" That thereby," (i.e. in fr respect of the kneeling at the Lord's Table) no adoration is intended,' or ought to be done, I either unto the Sacramentalbread or wine thereo bodily received, or unto any eorporal presence ci of Christ's natural flesh and blood. For tihe I, Sacramental bread and wino'reomain still in of their very natural substances, and therefore may U not be adored; (for that were idolatry, to be tli abhorred of all faithful Christians ;) and the th natural body and blood of our Saviour Christ al are in Heaven, and not hero ; it being against the to truth of Christ's nlatural body to be at one time tl in atore places than one." And hin a note tl appended to "athe Communion of the sick" all ta idea of a corporal presence of Christ, or of an ra "offering up of the sacrifico" is utterly dis- 0 claimed, for it is therein said-" But if a man, ic either by reason of 'extromity of sickness, or for t, want of warning in due time to the curate, or 4 for lack of company to receive with himan or by se any other just uipodiment, do not recolve the 01 Sacrament of Christ's body and blood, the ,s curate shall instruct him, that if lhe do truly b, repent him of his sills, and stedfaetly believe I that Jesus Christ htath suffered death upon the fl cross for him, and shed his blood for his redoeiption, earnestly remembering the benefits i he iath tllereby, and giving lhai hearty thanks therefore, Ihe doth eat and drink the body and I blood of our Savioeur Christ profitably to his a soul's health, althouljh lie do not receive the Sacraiment with his miouth.'" ieteco all Sacra- *I mental teaching that is in conflict with the b. Word of God, or cannot be proved by' plain , warrant of Scripture is s'ot after Christ, and as ta tile Sacramental theory of Ritualism is in con flict with, and cannot be proved by Holy Scrip- tl tour, that Systemt, so far as its Sacratmentalisi is tl concerned is "tiot after Christ." b Bitt neoxt-it is " otw after Christ," because- 2\. Its Seacerdotal theory is repuguant to the b Word of God. The Ritualistie doctrine of o Sacordotalism may be thus stated "that the it Apostles were invested with royal and Sacerdotal 1 digaity and honor; that the powers committed p to the Apostles wero transmitted to other men by.the laying on of hands, and that these powers o have been transmaitted by successions to the present clergy." This is the doctrine of " ArosToLac.AL SUCcESSION." The importance of this doc- u trine in its bearing upon Sacramentalism, appears to have possessed thle attention of the a Leaders of the Tractarian movement." There e was, as one observes-" ageneral concurrenceo of opinion among them as to the noecessity of i providing and circulating books aul tracts tend- b sit to familiarize the icmainations oaf snaue with t the idea of an A lpostolical auccession.' r An agroement was come to, that the following points should be put forward. The doctrine of Apostolical Succession to be taught as a rule of practice:-that is-' 1.-That the participation of the body and blood of Christ is ESSENTI?L to the maintenance of Christian life and hope in each individual. 2.-That it is convoyed to individual Christ- 1 ians ONLY by the hauls of the Successors of the Apostles, andu their delegates, and- - 3.-That the Successors of the Apostles are t those who are descended IN A IRECOT ·LNE fromat them, by the imposition of hands; and that the delegates of these are thie respaective Presbyters, whom each has conlmissioned. How utterly at variance with Scripturoe is such I Doctrinol I It teaches as ESS.ENTIAL to eternal a life whlat Christ himself has never taughlet as ESsENTIAL thereto, By tlhe first nrule, it is taugiht that Christian lifo and hope in each individual cannot be maintained without "the participation of the body and blood of Chlrist." Then hIow are those to be saved, or have their Christiaa life and Itope manintained, who from circum stances cannot possible partake of thie Lord's SupperI If, again, tthat sacranont (Bsaid to be I essential) can be " convoyed to mndividual Christians oNLY by tile hands of the Successors of the Apostles and their dolegates"-awhlat is to becomeo of those who, living so far away, cannot be reached by tihe delegates aforesaid, and yet who are indeed living "'by the faith of Christi" Is there any Scripture for this I Is it not rathler opposed to the whiole tenor of God's Word 1 The Word of God puts the issue of a soueal's salvation on its personal dealings with Christ, but Sacordotalism wouald saey "'It is of no avail except throughi the regolaar successors of the Apostles." Surely a System whoso Sacor Sdotal thoory is so at variance with Holy Scrip tture is sot after Chtrist. But once morn, it ia SNOT after Clurist, because 3\. Its Confessional alul Priestly Absolatlieo theory is repugnant to the Yord of God. It is held that the priesthood has power in a judicial sense to absolve sin. That theo priest's act in this respect is the act of God. But in order that this absolution may be given there must first be coeFrestow on tite part of tihe person who would enjoy the benefit of absolution. On this subject, brethren, woomld say, Oop' ait the "Confessional" and you admit .the most dangerous weapon that can be wielded.; .Tho privacy of your homes will be invaded under pretexts the most hollow, and you will bring yourselves under tile power of man. 'But worse than this, you will be liable to the terrible delusion that MA's absolution Is necessarily God's absolution. The Pharisees were right in their idea,. though wrong in the application of it, when they said " Who can forgive sins but God only l' Who indeed can doubt the possibility that the great Searcher of hearts may be withholding His pardon, because of insincerity, which Hoe can only see in tho heart of the one confessing, while tho words of abso- lution may be going forth from the lips of the priest.' It is contrary to scripture that the priest's act is necessarily God's act-and hence the System which maintains the " Confessional and Priestly Absolution theory " is, in that re spect "NOT AFTER COIIriT." ' Beware," then brethren, "lost any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit; after the traditi- tion of man, after the rudiments of the world and not after Christ." And this leads me now to speak of te 1--Tne CAUTIoN. ITSILr, which is given th aFainst spurious philosoply, The caution here given may be indeed glty applied to all kinds of false philosophy, but we shall limit our use of it to that subject we have in hand. In the terms of the "Caution" we remark 1\. That the word " SPOIL," in respect of false philosophy, snggests tlloe character of its growth and also of its efrect when received into the soul. (1.) Its growth is insidious and gradual. To "spoil" does not necessarily involve an open assault. It rather sets forth the notion of quiet procedure. On one occasion our Lord referred to corrupt doctrine under, the emblem of leaven. The disciples mistook his meaning, but upon explanation given,' it is said "Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doc- trine of the Pharisees and Sadducees (Matt. xvr. 12). It is somewhat remarkable that Dr Pusey employs a similar illustration in respect to the progress of Ritualism. Leaven works quietly, secretly, ind gradually ; and these are the of words of Pusey in 1805-- " Never, I am satis- fied, was the work of God among us so wide and so deep as now. Far deeper and wider is it than in those glad, prosperous days" (i.e., 1839, when the Tractarian movement was at its height), "BECAUSE THE LEAVEN, WHICH WAS HIDDEN IN THE MEAL, has worked secretly, and has now more centres from which it is everywhere working." And from the lips of Newman we may also learn how the leaven was. spreading through his own instrumentality. He says, "It was througl friends, younger, for the most part, than myself, that my principles were spreading. They heard what I said in conversation, and told it to others. Undergraduates in due time took tholir degree and became private tutors themseolves. In their now status, they in turn preached the opinions with which they had be- come already acquainted. Others went down into the country, and became curates of parishes. Then they had down from London parcels of the tracts and other publications. Tlhy placed them ii the shops of local book- sellers, got them into newspapers, intro- duced them to clerical meetings, and converted more or less their rectors and brother curates." A~ain in 1840 Dr Newman, in a letter to a the friend (pnblished in 1805) said, "for a year an, past, a feling has been growing upon me that I ougllt to give up St. Mary's. I cannot dis- guise from myself that my preaching is not cal- culated.to defend that system of religion, which has been received for 300 years." The Heads of Houses exclude me, as far may be, from the University Pulpit, " they do so rightly, so far as this, that soy sermons are calculated to iulderm'inc things established. I cannot disguise from myself that they are." "I am now leading my hearers to the.Primitivo Church, if you will, but not the Church of England." "I fear I mnust allow that, whether I will or no, I am disposing them towards Rome. First, because Rome is the only representative of the Primitive Church besides ourselves : in proportion then, as they are loosened from the one, they will go to the other. Next, because maay doctrines which I have held, have far greater, or their only scope, in the Ronman system." "People toll me, on* the other hand, that I am, whether by sermons or otherwise, exerting at St. Mary's a beneficial influence on onr prolspective clergy, but whatl ifl take to myself the credit of seeing further than they, and of havi?u in the course of last year, discovered, that what they approve so much, is very likely to end in Romanism ?" And it did end in Romanism with Newman I It has ended in Romanism with thousands more I I Such, brethren, is the almost certain (2) effect to be looked for in every instance *where Ritualistic doctrines are cordially in- braced. Such is, to say the least, but the natural and legitimate effect. We do not mean to affirm that the reception of these doctrines must necessarily prove ruinous to the soul, for there may be tnie grace in the heart even thllough there may be much error in doctrine; but this we do atfirn that the soul will be spoiled of much of that peace and joy that is to be had in the full realisation of the sufliciency of Christ's work alone in all essentials to meet its spiritual requirements. Therefore, brethren, "Beware lest any man 'spoil' you through philosophy and vain deceit." But further, in the terms of the Caution, we of observe- 2\. That the word " BEWARE. " suggests the idea of danger to be apprehended and of precau- tionary measures against it to be adopted. In applying this at the present time it may be enquired (1). Is there danger to be apprehended? We answer decidedly, YES, THERE IS! We have been counselled to believe that the tendency of the age is towards Geneva, in the sense of rationalism and infidelity, but is there not a tendency also towards the same end, but by way of Rome ? And is there then a tendency in any quarters to Romanize the Church of Eng land? We boldly answer—YES, THERE IS ! And in proof we ask the question--What would Romanize the Church of England ? Surely, it must be replied-the introduction to, and the ac ceptance on the part of the Laity, of Romish books—Romish teaching—Romish practices I And should any doubt this, we ask such to look at a parallel case, and ask "What would Pro testantize the Church of Rome?" Surely it must be answered, the introduction to, and the ac ceptanceeon the part of the Laity, of Protestant books- Protestant teaching, and Protestant practices I Is there, then, anything to awaken anxiety in members of the Chlurch of England that there is a tendency towards Romanizing I their Church in this diocese ? We reply again, YES, THERE IS! Recent disclosures at Synod have gone far towards awakening suspicions on this head. At tile Synod last year, seven clergy men (myself among the number) presented a respectful petition, having for its Prayer that "the Synod will recommend the adoption Sof all such precautions as may be necessary to preserve our Church from the encroachment of modermn Ritualism." For that petition we were censured-"no excesses or practices could be sesen to give rise to snuch a petition." We had t not, however, complained of any outward ex ceoses, but we understood more than was sup posed at the time. Let me here recall to you whlat I have previously suggested,tlhat Iitlualistic Doctrines uay be taught eve ,here no outward Ssymbol may appear. Were we blameworthy for that petition? When began the seeds to be sown of the doctrines which appear in the Con Sfirmnation card, alirnied in a public paper to emanate firom St. John's Church, Hobart Town? Upon this point I speak with feelings of pain Sand sorrow. For zeal and eanesatness and activity, and large-hleartedneoss iand self a denial, I can join with many in praising the i. Incumbent of that Church, but what is to be ir said of those doctrines which are contained in it that Confinnrmation Card ? If it be not the case 'f that such a card is in existence, and is in use, is o it not to be regretted, for the quieting of a to reasonable alani, that a statement to tlhat oflbct it has not been already put forth by that one who I was in the best positiqn to have contradicted it. id Jo.sch qontrulctioni has ippeared5 ard the inference is open to be drawn that doctrines, taught openly by the ;Rltualistic' loaders in England, aro bein insinuated in this diocese. But further, the act of the "Altar Book forr Youngg Persons" being now ,procurable in the doces, especially as thoro seeooms to be somo unoxplained mystery connected with its intro-. duction hero, is calculated to arouse anxiety for the future of our Church. To the mere fact of the possession, by any Clergyman, of the Priest's Prayer Book, I do not attach much importanco, for while regarding it in many respects as a pestilential book, it does not follow that its possession by any clergyman" is evidence that it is in use by such. But the Altar Book, from its very title, is designed for the ese of young persons. The real danger to be apprehended from the Ritualistic movement ' is not so much in respect of the old as in respect of the yonU-o-the nrsan oElRNERATION II You, my brethren, have doubtless long since had your views settled upon these points-you would be conselous of any change of teaching, but not'so as a rule with vouNo rnsoos, by L whom sucnh. teaching might be accepted as right, because they may not have heard otherwise before. It is these who are more readily persuaded than' others, and so in the sacred interests of the rising generation look well into the nature of. the teaching to which they are subjected. But finally-the word "s EWAnn " suggests th0 n notion-- g.. 2\. Of precautlionary Pneasures to be adopted' agabnst dalnger that is apprehended. The question Is TIlE CinoUnor or ENGoLAND TO no Ro-: arAizesD 1" is one of practical importance, and its answer must be practical. That it may not be Romanized, is, I am sure, the earnest desire of everyone true to the Church of England. But more must be done than the expression of a desire on this subject. Precautionary measures' must be adopted. .Blt what measures? I will name a few. (1). More zeal in the work of the Ministry on the part of those who profess to. hold to Evangelical teaching. I am aware that a contrast is often drawn between the activity of those who hold to 'Ritualistic teaching, and that lack of it which is sometimes charged upon those whose teaching is what is termed Evan gelical. That there sometimes is too much ground for this contrast must be sorrowfully ad mitted. I feel that I might profitably imitate them more in this reipect, but I must not fail to remind you that activity in parochial work is not necessarh proof of correctnesso of doctrine. It matters not by what name one may please to call himself-Ritualist or Evangelica, High Church, Broead Church, or Low Church-the Bre?a, and not parochial activity, is the true test of right or wrong. Still it is most desirable that sound teaching, whether in public or in private, and zealous working, should be found united in one person. Those of us, then, who may have no sympathy with Ritualistic doctrines, may do much against the spread of, such tuacling by clear and open speaking of the gospel of Christ, which will reveal better than anything else tile grave errors of Ritualism; and this let us do, with no angryand merely contro versial feelings, but with love, for the " wath of man worketh not the riglhteousness of God." But another measure might bo 2\. A memorial to the Bishop rcquesting that steps assy be taken to allny the anxiety felt by many respeccting the danUer apprehc?suled. BSuch a memorial is now in existence. It is desired to have it as 'exten sively signed by the laity as may be possible. It is a different matter to the action taken in Synod. It is intended to represent the voice of the laity at largoe. I would earnestly trust, therefore, that the num ber of signatures may be so great that it may be seen that thle Laity in general are decided against the progress of Ritualism. Great movements have often lhad but very small beginnings, so lot none despise the progress of Ritualism in this diocese, because its proportions may seem to be very slender at present. :Broth ren, the answer to the question " Is the Church of England to be Romanized 1" rests to a con. siderablo extent, with the laity. Make your views known on this point. You have ae prospect of success, for our Bishop has said' in les recent address in Synod, "that great principles" indeed, such as those for'whichl our forefathers laid down their lives, must .bo protected by those in authority," and those principles which Ritualism would stamp out are those principles for which our forefathers suffered. But the best measure that can be adopted to' ' tile end in view is (3) Pra!yer. It is not an indifferent tling whether error or truth be disseminated. If it were a question of secondary importance whether Romanisnr should become, or Pro testantism continue, the leading featuire of the' Church of England, we would not have tried' your patience at the present time. But it is no ' trilling concern. It is asubject which may welle? engage tihe prayers of praying people. 'None butt:;' He who is "the Light" can slhod abroad true light into the heart of any. And He is the hearer and answerer of prayer. Lot us be en couraged, and resolve to make this subject on0 of earnest prayer. None can surelyupbject to do . this. If we are all desirous for the truth, we can all pray that the Holy Spirit may show'to all the way of truth. Pray, then, that the wourd? of Ood may have free course and be glorified, and thie more we loan upon Him in prayer the,, less likely are we to be "entangledjagain in the yoke of bondage.'' 