III.—RELIGIOUS AND EDUCA TIONAL. OPENING OF THE SCHOOL OHURCH, LEFEVRE'S PENINSULA. For some time past the attendance at the Sabbath-school at the Peninsula has so largely increased as to warrant the erection of a suit- <*> able building in that locality. This work has been accomplished; and the edifice will also be need as aa Hpiseopalian place of worship. The Committee appointed have worked well in the matter. An eligible site was obtained close to the main read to the beach, and Mr. S. J. Woods designed a very neat structure. Mr. J. 'Williams, builder, has carried out this design in a most efficient manner for the sum of £130. The structure it built of Dry Creek stone, with cement dressing. The length of the building is 40 feet 2 inches, and width 15 f.:et 14 inches. The rooQis of iron, aud mounted at «aeh gable end s?y an ornamental cross. The entrance porch is a very neat addition. The interior has a vi-ry p'easing appearance, the lining of the roof and the^upporta being of light wood, nicely polished; and there is a chancel which contains a very nice stained glass window. On Thursday afternoon the ceremony con nected with the opening of the building was performed in an imposing form. There was a very large attendance. Amongst those who took part in the proceedings were His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, the Very Rev. l>ein Kassell, the Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, Key. Canon Dove, the Revs. Morse, Jenkins, sod PollUt. The Rev. Mr. Green (pastor), placed himself at the head of a pro cession which was formed outside the day schoolroom, and was composed of the Sabbath scholars, bearing banners, the choir in Uieir surnlices, and the clergymen already named, and as they moved towards the Church they rang the Processional Hysn, «>n arriving at the entrance of the Church the school children formed a line on either side of the approach, through which the ministers and choir walked into the Church, whilst the Even Song was substituted by the choir, after which the fol lowing special psalms were chanted, viz., viii., cxix., and cxxvii. The lessons for the occa sion were read by the Key. Mr. Horse and the Rev. Canon Dovo. His Lokdship having repeated the Lord's Prayer, intoned the following, the choir cheating the replies: —" Oar help is in the Nave of the Lord, who hath made heaven and earth. <* God. make s-pecd to save us. <> f.0r.1, make haste to help us. Teach me, O Lord, the way of Thy statuses, and I shall keep it unto tha end ; give me understanding and I shill keep Thy law. O Lori, hear our prayer, and lot our cry coins unto Tbee." His Lordship then offered the folio wing prayer: — " A] mighty and merciful O.wl, graciously bow down Thine ear to the petitions of Thy humble servants. Wallow with the might Thy classing this school-house erected for the ir.simclir.il of Thy children, and vouchsafe tbc gift of Thy grace (o all who come to learn within it, that they may grow op in Thy farh and fear, aad obtain remission of all their tins, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." "O God, the Holy Ghost, pour down, we pmy Thee, Thy mercy npon Thy pastors and teachers who shall min:star in thu place, that they may be blessed and hallowed by Thy presence, and that the fullness of Thy sevenfold gifts may rest upon all Thy children, through Jesus Christ our ZiJrd. Amen." Af ti r the singing of the 363 rd hymn, [ His liOBDSHIF gave an eloquent address, alluding to the vital importance of children being educated by means of the wisdom con tuned in the Scriptures. Ho pointed out to parents how absolutely it was their duty to train their children to a knowledge of their duty towards the Almighty, as also their behavior to their neighbors, for unless they aspired to blowing*) of eternal life, their present lives would prove a failure. Therefore it was necessary that religion and education should go hand in haud. In conclusion, he rejoiced at thu successful completion of that building, and trusted that in it there wonld be given iustruction to their children, and that on tbo Lord's Day the community would assemble therein iv order to hear the Word of God. He mentioned that whilst the e.iucatvm would be secular, the greatest care wonld be taken to prevent giving offence to any other denomina tion. He piayed that tbe blessing of God might rest upon the building and all assembled therein. A hymn having been sang, the Bishop pro nounced the benediction, after which the lic cussional Hymu closed tbc proceedings. In the evening a most rtclicrchc musical soiree, interspersed with readings, was given in the school-room, which was filled with a laige audience for the occasion, and the proceeds are to be devoted to the building fund. His Lord ship the Bishop presided. The entertainers were—thi Misses Thomas and Magrath, Mrs. Walters, and Messrs. Hawker, Dashwosd, aud Crooks; the Revs. Messrs. Green and Reid, i Mr. Crosks, ant another gentleman, taking j it in turns to preside at the pianoforte. The Bishop also gave an amusing raiding. Bncares and well-merited applause were be stowed on the efforts of the performers, and a most pleasant entertainment concluded about 10 o'clo.k, before which, however, votes of thank* to His Lordship and the ladies were accorded, and suitably acknowledged, and the National Anthem sung. 