EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. THE NOMINATION. . -«"r, »f oandldates f»r the repre»entatio«i of ?laÏÏ.AA«neyto.k Placent th. hnst îhVwva«Park; at neon yesterday. The Winistenalcan bga.Hydoiarir,«» J ^ f ft j »apportera didltSi' ^rsTtHut in an apP«"anoe. «d were'shortly veretb» «"/.í.'ed by the Oppo.itioni»ts,.wbe were .?ÏÏSiatoi^Aato «X.f electors,.aad on f!, Ír!X,£ at the huitines three choors wore given for S^PÏSÎ: " The atUnd»ace of .leotors was nn«er.n. U^?*!r.!'.OD;.nartof the prooe.dlng. at least 4000 andduriegsorflsparici* I hustitgs P"'°iîf.r.r.0D.ôkir; Geor^E«iU, Frn,ev, J. R.dd, wore «.».".¿Jf,0 nVrisH, H. Fl»her, James Powfll, ?±.ByÍn.f »Viv^ TT.' M. Alder..'». Smart, Alder ThoRlTOBHIKO-orriOKR (ArchibaldThompson, Esq . T?1 .pviilg read the adv.rtl.ement convening the .&J; »roduoed the writ of his Excellency the Ä8oV,Pwhich wa, «1»» «ad. after which ho bespoke »quiethearing for the candidate, ir, n -R. DIMS nominated Sir James Martin as a «f ÎZx nronernersen to represent the elootors. * ÂÛlemân Goo» »eoonded the nominatiou. »r. Tonn DAVISS, whose appoaranco on the oooaalon oanie'd S» *««>"". nominated Mr. David Mr MASON «eoonded tho nomination, amid nauoh norri'm.ut and confusion. Mr. W. M. ALDBBSON nominated Mr. John Bowie Wilson. ... Mr W. HEZLETT »eoonded the nomination. MÍ! JAMS Powrnr, prepoaod Mr. Henry Parke,. MÍ BWJAUIN RHODESseconded the.nominatiou. Mr ItloBAnD DnivEa proposed Mr. J. H. Hcalo. Mr UTIEK neooarled the nomination. Mr JAMES RODD nominated Mr. John Maoiatoah. il.iorman GKBHH »eoonded the nomination. Mr »Tu"« GOOLD nominated Mr. Saul Samuel. mntaln BORNS «eoonded the nomination. % m»n "oscar propeaed Mr William Barker. Mr M M OAUraiLli »eoended tho noraiuation. I Mn HlKBY FISHSR nominatedMr. George King. j Tho nomination waa not seconded. I Sir JAMES MAÎITIK then carne forward, ami was received with opplauso and opposition. He said when he lilt appoarea before them at a general election^ he rtooa »Ide by »Ide with Mr. Parses. Tli«y were rowing n tho «ame boat, »upported hythe same men, «itting en the »ama «Me of the House. Thoy wore now oppose« h cachTher. Ho (3ir James Martin) did not oern ¿lilatbst Mr. Parke» had taken n oourso differeat te Em No ono in tho oonntry had a right to complain of him. Ho (Sir J. Martin) and his Government had boon ncoused of arranging tho elections so M to -leave no time eithor to find can iid&tos; or to ascertain the position of affairs. In tho mother country the general elections wore all over la about ten day». There was no «uch a*ount of tims «i seemed tob» expected hore. There had beei imple time, and Mr. Parke» and his friends had not Si to avail thomselves of it. A great deal of irrel. "»nt matter had been introduced. And Mr. Parke», on Saturday ovening denounced (booting and ohors) the OoMmrainl about the ' cocked hats !' Well, Mr. Partei mlsht think that that was a question of great ÏSSSS» to the electors But Mr. Parke, vu ono of tho oiigmu.ic.-s of the oooked hat movement. (Ohtors and laugbtor.) When the Duke of Edinburgh was about to visit this country, the Ministry deemed it right to follow the example of other Ministers and to appear in a certain oostumo. Mr. Parkes, on that oooasiou, raado his appearanceiin a oooked hat. (Laughter and cheers.) It was too bad of this o-cntleman, who was one of the first to put on-j cooked bat, to como down and condemn those wh» elia so He (Sir J. Martin) was not going into any dotailed diioiission on tho Border question. They oithor under- stood it now or they would novor bo ablo to under itaud it. Thoy wero told that if the duties we» collcoted, part of thîi colony would bo j «eusrated. Mr, Paikos had told thom tho Murray River waa not wider than Pitt atroet, and that it wai as annoying to oollcct duties on tho Border as it wouW bo to levy them on people going across that street. | That was a good point lu an election npocoh, bub there I was no argument in it. In America there wai between ¡ tho United States and Canada, a border of 3000 miles of river, and over no part could you go without being confronted hy a Cuatora-houso offioor. The trade I carried on across that border waa between forty millions I ofneopleonone »ide, aud on theother four militons. (Mr. Parkes : ' Bear, hoar,') If that groat amount of trado ! cooli! bo carried on between tho United States ' and Canada, why nat hore ? The difficulties i wore not iiibupnrablo. That was going ou evoiy day batman the Uuitod States and Canada. (Opposition.) , On the Southern Border of tho United States, was tho i Republic of Moxioo ; arid along tho whole Uno dutios j wera colleotod. Tho several States of Eurepo wevo ! abided by imaginary lines. Yoi these countries are ] not ruined bccAuso UUHOJ are colleotod on theso lines. A tubular bridge of 2} milos lone is oonatructod norona tho Klvor St. Lawrence. This argument was all moonshine, thoro woro no roasen in the world why we should not mateo tho people in tho southern part of the oolony fpay tbo sauie duties as they had to pay in Sydnoy. Why nkould they, the peonlo of Sydney, out of thoir hard earnings-(oheera and veil») -have to pay for tho benefit of the grain and_ wino growers on the Murray. If theso Border duties wcro eollootod, tho result would be-mutt bo that we should havo tho wholo of tba,t trade to oui salves, (Cheers aud biases,) How vu tho city of Sydnoy to bo maintained Î By the prosperity of tho people in tho interior. Thoy had a muoh greater interest than thoy seemed to imagino in the coutinuanco of theso j Bordor duties. The pjoplo of "Viotoria did not oiro about the prosperity of Sydnoy. They did not airo about ' tho working classe» of thi« oity. They did not lind any largo number of pooplo in Viotoiia oombining to nttick thïir own Government in tho interest of New South Wales, During the last ton days tho most violent articles had been published in Victoria against him (Sir J. Marti«), (Yells and applause.) This they did, not because ho waahandiug over KiveiIna to thom, but beoauao tho oolleotion of tho Border dutios would hand over the trade of Kiveiina from them to us. It would havo boon easy for him and hu colleague» to avoid a crisis -, but thoy felt it their duty to colleot the Bonier duties at all hazards. (Yolls and oboors.) If thocleotoro did their duty this question would now bo «ottlcd for over. Ho b'lioved tboro would hereaftor bo no other opportunity of compounding for thoio dutios. They ought to do on the Murray what they did in Syd- ney. (Yella aud ohoera.) Ho carno to another question -that of tho reduotion of wages. Ho know ho was addressing person» who were oapablo of appreciating what ho said upon that qneatton. It was a matter that would touoha great many; and ho thought that all men who bad vote» would consider it. It may bo »hat ionio would vote iigalust him on tho matter of the reduotion of wages. But they muat reduoo tho expenditure Meobanics under the Government wore receiving a remuneration noarly iloublo that given in tho raother-oountry. It wa» monntrouo to think that thoy (tho Government) hnd boon paying 10a or 17» a day, when plenty of men wero walking .about doing nothing It was a bold mensuro to reduce thom na thoy did. It had boen ohargod against thom that while thoy had reduood tho wages of tho ineohanios, thoy had npent £20,000 on a standing army. Did thoy tbiuk that ouoh a plaoc na tho United States, or any other of equal importauo», would bo without its standing army ? What uso waa it that thoy should havo fort», and put costly guns in thotri it thoy havo not mon to man thom ? lu tho Unitod State» thoro aro a number nf forts ; lu New York and Charlestown thoro are tho same Did thoy auppoao that theso fort» woio not manned ¡by regular troops? Then why oould not Now South Wales do tho oamo? Tho foroo formed In tho oolony was one intended to bo tho nualous of a largo body. Tho voluntoora could not bo expected to do tho nervines required of those men. Tho vory Joouiso thoj (tho Uovornmont) had taken, was tobo taken at onoo by the people of Ganada, whoro they, Intended to form ft standing army. He thought that a groat mistake waa rnado in giving tho voluuteora land orders, thereby giving away a large tract of the best land. It would havo been inuoh botter to havo given thom L2Ü0 eaoh for their Borvioea, Ho Sid not dosiro to keop thom waiting long. Ho was certain that if bl« party were cleoted, they would bo elected rightly and hone«tly. They found every poraon lu Victoria taking the oue «Mo in the matter of tho Border duties ; and lot thein (tho elector«) do tho same on the side of Ne wSou til Wales. I¡?t Ihom loave the things ef Vioteria to their own peopl». Ho felt assured that on this and every othor occasion the nooplo would stand by thoso who bad stood by them all «long. (Oheora and uproar.) Mr. BUCHANAN, on rising, wa« received with oheora »na groans whioh lasted for »evoral minutes, durlae whioh timo ho wa« ontiroly inaudible. When the up- roar oeaaed ho «aid-In the Brat plaoo he thanked tho Íiropriotor of the Empire and Evening: Nowa for the ait course ho had talton In giving puVlloity to «poeohes made »luce tho dissolution; and ho wished to stigmatisa the oonduab of the proprietor «f | tho Sydney Morning Horald, who noglcoted to give guhlloity to what he (Mr. lluohanan) had »aid at tho Sekool of Art«, There was however a mv.tllated re l'ort I« tho Horald of tho mornlag, but it was very much liko tho Kiama ghost. Ho was there that day to BOO whothor thoy recognised hi« oonduot in larUamont. (Groans.) For twelve years he had done his duty to tho country and he hoped thoy would not bo unmindful of him. Ho defended hi« aotlo» In Par } amont with rogard to the Border question. The Par- liament, Inatead of aoooptlng tho doolalon of the uoveraor like men, went cringing to bim that they ».gat not be «ont to tho oonntry. AVlth regard to «tienauexatlon of Rlvorln» to Vlotorla, he hoped before time was done tbo two colonias would cross swords ab ont it. (Cheers and groans for several mtnutea.) Thoro was one thing in tho controversy now pending. The Oppo nl*ion members had united with tho T,egUUturo and Government of Victoria against tho Govornment of Now South Wales, with tho object of robbing our Treasury, for robbery it muss beoomo. He next com- mented strongly upon tho sobemo of retrenchment inaugurated by the Govornment a yoar ngo ; bo ima opiioried it then ns unjust in prlnoiplo, and would never rest till it was repealed. If they Bhonlil.roturn bim to tho AsBembly, ho should endeavour to nmon-i. tn Superannuation Aot. Ho lenow that n great degree of lamentable misery nnd wretohcdnoBs bad boen cauaod by that bungling piooo of legislation. He would advooato tbo roturn of tbo money deducted from the Hilarios of the civil servant», and piuco thom on a »aliBfaotory footing. He might »aynoonohadantrongor olalm upon tho working classes for their support than hirnsel. Ho looked with roinpioum upon the allinuco bctwoon Mr. Samuel and Mr. Parke» ; it wa« not unlikely that although Mr. Samuel h.id applied to , the latter ovory opithet of nbuao, that ho would Give up tho Treasury to Mr. Parkes, who, if a loan wai wanted, was just tho man to borrow the money and nover think of paying it ntrain. Mr Pu.-kos had slated that bia intorcoureo with him (Mr. Buchanan) was a degradation ; that bo bad boro-î him with bia friendship. Ho did not seo any harm in exposing a hy poorito, imtl therefore had no hesitation in reading letters ho had receivod. Thoy would mark that this man who said bo was borod by bin friendship wrote to Min in this way- ' My dear Sir.' (Lnnrjbter) [Tho remainder of tho lotter i an to tho effect that Mr. Bach in an h vi a oarccrof usefulness and honour, and an opportunity nf turning his talent to nccoan1-, that was offered to few mon of his standing] Tilk about degradation. TTa would soonor ba down in tbo guttor than ho dragged through the «ink from willoh Mr. Parkes had omergod look at the oarcer of that man. Let anyono go and search tho reoord« of tho Insolvent Court, and thoy would find out thoso things whioh would put a stoppign to theso imputations of degradation. Tho name of Mr. Parkes raised a st ou oh offonslro to tho nostrilH of overy right-minded man in tbo com. munlty. Ho (Mr. Buohanan) would blow his bininu out before bo would pollute himself by mixing in tho samo atmosphoro with Mr. P.ivkon, and no ho ía^irdod hi» coming forward to lepteaonfc nny conxMtuoncv cr. outrago upon honosty, ho trusted they would send him back to amend his moral«. If sent into private life ho would havo lolsuro to publish a second edition of his 'Murmurs of tho Stream,' and give it the title of 'Mnrmnrs of hin creditors' Mr, P^ikus Btood before thom as a oonsintont politiolnn for twenty yoar». Why, hohadvofc^el for tho second loading of the Dlvorco Bill, and against it on ilia ikiul roidinT. In con- clusion, ho urcod upon tbo olootors, as ho supported tho Ministry from the bottom of his heart, on tho action they had tnken with i ciipec'' to the T>f>rdrr dutios. to Bond n'en Into tho TTn'iso who wmiH «find I up end nupport ihn intoiost of Now South Wnles. If they did this victory would assuredly orown all tht.it I efforts in this struggle. I Mr. V/1I.S0M next a-ldressod llio electors Fe wa« crmlci by discordant erics. An soon as ho could bo heard ho said ho would ray something on the teplcs likely to lio brought bpforo the Parliament and on th't present point that h-d brought thom hero. (Uonewed disturbance ) Ho assured thara (1) th\t th«lr howling would not put hli.i down ; (21 That ho would not lose his temper. (8) 'That he would stand there till ho was heard, [' What about «Iglit hour's bill.'] The nuntlon botoro thom was ono of noordinsrv moment to tho city of Byrtnoy. It WAO an Important question afrVctln«; Materially tlteïr prospîtity. l'or nearly Uvo yea»-» back a compromiso ho4 been mado, by which Now Poulh "Wales received only £00,000 loss than ah« was cntltlod to. Ii the Government did thoir duty, they wouldcolloet the duties.n the Hod or, and tho trado would como to Sydney. It was Vlot rU that brought the pressure to 1 car on New "onth "Wales to mik« a compromise, and not Xow South WaUi on "Victoria If tho duties woro cilloctcd on tho Mordor, -Î12D,000 of profit would como into tbo pockets of tho Sydney merchants. [At this otago of tbo proceedings, a stick was thrown at Mr. "WIIBOII from tho crowd below No injury wa« dona. Tho Returnlng-ofllcor «ont s une i» Ure men round to tho front. Tho crowd thereupon bejran to slni?. and Bung;- 'Wa'vo Rot no work to iln.' ?'Wo wnn'tgohoino till mornlnr,' ' rjrkes is o jolly good fo'low,' and other son;». Tho îlETunNiNO-oFFrcKit appealed to the peoplo to glvo fair play, hut the Blnglng and chjjr'ns continued for soma time longer. Mr. "WILSON, at tho Ural Interval said, 1'vo g*t the heal nf you. A now outburst of «bouts and slnfrln? followed .sf-er a considerable timo Mr. Wilson contlntiod: In tho arrino1 mont tho Government proposed with Vi 'loria th. iy InsMcd on a minimum of £00 001. Tho bataneo paynhlo to this colony waa tho amount of our own dutios, nft-r deducting the Victorian dutleo. (Renowed ali gina; and cheorlng for Parkes continued for a lone; ttmo, follows! by crloa of 'tin EIRM houri Util.') If this question had wccn put to tho people of Now South Wa'ostho Oovornm»nt ins>oid of heirn? left in a minority, would have bad a Iori-« majority. [Many attompts j wern inads by tbo itoturnlnd-ofllcer to secura a hearing and scvornl gonllomen urged on Mr. Wllaoi some comproml o, to eav« tho timo. That gentleman, howovor, declined to glvo itp his rlsjht to bo h«ord, and for a tong timo a portion of tho crowil showed eqial determination to nrcvent his belngheard. At length tho nolso subilncd tnnugh fur him to bo hoar* for a fow minutes.] II« said ho saw that the dltturbanco was made hy a fow drunkards In front of tho hustings lie would, thoroforo, addrots himself to tbo ropr.rtor*. Tho great body of th« oleotor* would know that ho meant ne di» rcsijoct to thou Tho oilier» might hottl for about an hour and an half as much as they plois'd (Mr Wilson then turned to the t*blo occupied by tim llorntd reporters, an 1 addressol lil» ipcnch to th'lr esr») After a while romo of his words woro au-llblo In tho oth-r | art of bohu'tlm.i Ifo ndvocUod railway o.t-uclon to tbo *r imunb! 1| -i dlitrlct Mr Msrlcav wasa'wa^s CRllInc out for rally-ny communlos lion with the intoiltr but when a linn was proposed to Nnrrandorra he oppnsod it Ho believed tbo motive of Mr Macleay In doing till' was lo prevent lh« poopl" having any accocs to the crest district» OLCUrlcd b> hi» f*mlly and o hsr squatters Thoro wcro other question» of pr«nt impirtaito to come Lofora Parliament Ho hid 1 nil tbo horour to brlnrt forward a bill io amend tbo lnnl law of tho colony Ho did not In Ula romirks refer to tho bill «s originell} introduced, bnt ns proposed to bo amended 1 his bill was contltiolvo to the intereits of the 3 > 000 froo silector« and tho rqunttnts and not to them only but to those of the whola commnnitt Ho argued tint tim hill would lo a groat li'iii-IU to freo «oloctou llicy might doublo their selection and sa\c their nnnev Tn tho-quit tors they »aid thoy mu*t takn hack In IO with the front 1 leek« The} compelió 1 tho cqiutto»» t-> tike four acres of Info Inr Ian 1 for e\ cry nero of front«go Jen 1 I'o rcforrod to tho dlfllculttts in ascor alnlng tho valus of lind By thehtt thoro could bo no collu ion Thoro was another Miss of pceplo who would 1"0 beiientt*d by this bill-t'io cold miners Thoro «ero mon W'IO tricked the footrto,« of proiiootoni on 1 when til v found roi 1 nol"cted tho 1 >n 1 i nil t >6k udvanta ftçatnsbtlmt Whon ths hill mmo to In understood itwoull bo soon to bo one ad tpto 1 to promoto tho lfst in'o ests of th colon} Ho must say a fow wor Is oom.crning tho men who dared to como fo* aril und chsrgo tbo r resent G> enmont with being Impure and co-runt lto ( Hr Wilson) was j cr fectly astonlsh»d at lils (Mr ParWs*») aulaelty Ho referred to tho Rpeoch made 1} Mr p-rkes a eh^rt timo niro, when after liivKc tho i.ovarnmunt of Sir J rTarlln hi »aid Hirth« lotcd him Fis lantmiçe thon mnit base t>»cn a« false as it was now Ho (Mr \Y Ison) would neither allow bim (ofr Parkos) nor any oth*r man to tradnco him li« osl ed the propio If th-r vould trust Mi Ir political Interdis to a man whom no comm«rclul i tan In this city would truM bim with £1 Thoy would not t¿k i his word-nor his bond Ho (Mr "Wilson) would «How no rharco ti bo rando ns&1n him from such a pollut"d nonrco without soirchius th m to Iho vort- bottom Ho lind done all ho c ull tolmprotothU city lie had a fra tt wish to seo th's city what It s ion d b i tho mest boiutlful city In tim world If oleitol hi tvoul 1 endeavour todo what ho couhi. ca bo hil altvaja.dono to promoto the boat lutorosts of this city (Cheers ) . Mr PAIUCI» who was loudly cillod for, wau roe'I; ed tilth protrnctol chocrs fe deeply rosrotto i In i %hl tint the f:ontleuian who last citno forward 1ml not had n. pitlo-it learlnrr He (Mr Pari es) ilosl od fslr pla} aid no faxonr It waa only by ¡ l\ inff all sides a fair hoirinj that thoo'edon coultl fi rm a jus' Judgment for thcrwlvea "With ro'H 1 to count t rm a jus ¡ i RI I e . ?, . e ..a tlw manner In which ho ha 1 boon spo] on of It was closr that If It woroposilblj to rnlioup an} net of his tint w oui 1 tund to dainago bim in the o}0 of the electors Hut tho fsct tin* lbs attempt ha! f.ll d »m n most si bunill test! mony In f wour of tho n3 nmpllon tint tiny lud boon unaVlo to brine; fnrwarl nnv slnrlo act of b13 public Ufo tint w ul 1 justify tho cowardly and necret libela (hit 1ml boen i rmWt ! nenin' him Ho atood b»foro tho otcotora as a c null I tto dutormtn d to devoto bia talent his time, and al! tbo a' Pity ho posse el lo promet i tholndtponilenco of t o c1 etc rs tho purity of Par lament to the mrdntenanco of Just Clotcriituoiit und tbo promotion of tho prosperity oí tbo co mt \ 1 lo »too ! biro its aotndldnto against Sir J Martin Ifohadonco rowed In tho sime boat as that Rontlemm but Sir T inrtin toole aplmti into the t oat nn.l. ho (Mr Tirlua) loft bim Thoy bad been told by Mr buchanan that «thor than be in lila (Mr lurkesd) placo bo would Ho lu tho (.ult-r It wau11 not b) tho Itrut bo hsd dono »o ( beor» ) Ho (Mr Huahauan) had boon carried out of tho (gutter Into the watch houso an! tho raine l-mnacuHti gontlemin on lils departuro for Enilaud li» 1 Imploro I htm not to let the authorities nt tho lerople know Hint hi had been \ liked up out of a ßuttor lind lecnonoo In His watohhou'o and enco expelled from Pnrllunont (Hear heir laughter un tolieors { There was ono ape cb «Ulhorcd to day tint wis Instinct with a On» manly humour on 1 tint wis tho rpoech of the Premier It was a fair, gio I hnmourot manly t>pocoh, but he (Mi Parkes) disbelieved every word of It (rsuijhtor) 1 elk of coalitions being luallftahlo-what wniiltl bo nala In Tnglaml If Mr aiadaton» wore too milne with Mr DiataMtf Why thor would bo hnrlod from fldenco of thoir folluwliic» would bo ontlrely withdrawn from Hiern how then Lonlil 1 o (Mr ParVes) do otherwise than cn - alder himself rollevsd from all obligation He wis hore still the name man, entertalnlnc the snino political oplulon» but Hie name man, eiueriauunc IUOHAIUU ,..,....,.>. *,..-...._. - Sir J, Vartln was entirely changed. Ho had totally revoked hlspolloy¡ indoi-d, loihlnç at what had taknn piuco to-day, ho (Mr. rarkoa) hail blon lad tei bcllove that Lord Killin and ord Castlereagh had rlssn from their graven, so lampnnt waa tho Toryism that prompted such an arbitrary sjxorolso of porter. Instead of people hehir ruled by the laws, attempt hail boen made to govern by political Combinations, and a atnndhiK army h»d heon lnstltutnd to support It. "When Sir Jsines Martin found he could not maintain odio», ho clung to it hy unconstitutionally dissolving; Parliament : and ha (air. Parke») believed that the Ant duty of the now Parliament when It nssnnblod would bo to nddrcia tho Queen upon the oombiet ef Lord Belmore. Ile at once avowed that bl» Intention In contine tarwarri for this oloe torato wa» to threw theie Ministers out of their places. (Hour, hear, and cluer» ) Illa nleollon wa» of small moment So that the Minister» worn turned out; for It wt» of tho hlRlnplt importance that they should vlndloito tho froo Insti- tutions tinder which lliey lived. Ho was fully »fir» that ho Stood botwoon contendliiR foro33 - that thoro wcro {.tins no tho rltht hand and guns on tho loft. It bad Indeed been »at 1th it by a Rontlomsn superior to tho Ministry, superior in his own opinion tothe QoTornor hlnvolf ; bo meant Mr. Joh» Davies, that if ho (Mr. Patko<) dared to como out (or East Bydnny. ho would not poll 000 votoi. (HorUlv-o ohours.) This wa» »aid hy a mau who boasted that ho had tiOOO oleetors on the oleo tnrut« whom bo could ditvo to the poll befoie billi as ao many «hoop. Mr. Parkes hore interposed a verso from Tonn} son's Oharjo of the Lieht Brigada ¡ concluding with the lines : .Into the mouth of hell i Into the Jawa of death 'Soda the Six Hundred 1' and argued that, instead of six hundrod, it might be found that six thousand electo-» of Hut Sydnoy, who weuld vote for thoa« who supported the Integrity of their Institutions. Tbo guns of a córtalo polltlcil potentato might tdrn out to ha popguns after all. ¿Cheers.) Sir James Martin had spoken ?f his having compared the river Murray to Pitt stteet, and by way of reply had stated that Custom-houses were edah- i Hulled between the Unltod States el Amarle« nnJ Canada. I The bon. gentleman seemed to forgot that thoa« territories wera divided by tho noblo river of Bt. Lawrence, though he romembered Hint the-e was a bridge acrosa two and a-half miles lons. That aoblo stream, tho alt. Lawrence, had all the capacities of an open sea fer commercial interdites«, and It was tho dividing line between two independeat Stat-», under »oparato Gerornmonts, while the Murr.-.y was tbo hour diry of iHu co oula», bott! dependencies of tb» British Crown, whose people woro of tho »anio origin, and aubj.ct to (ho carno, pawer, tiurely a child could see the difference betweoa tko St I.awronco uni tho lllvor Murray. With respect to tho ceraplnlnt of Sir J. Marlin as to tho exultation of the Victorian i'rea«, it might be sta.eil that the Argua was at holed in the first Instance as tho organ through which Fir J. Uaitlu »ought tjmak.i known his peculiar views: hut when that Journal percoived the bluinsy and unpatriotic conduct of air J. Martin, it condemned him in strong tarma. What waa to he thought of thsao gentlemen who pretended to be statesmen amongst us, when they were trying to foment dis aircctlcui end dlsliL-e bctwoon two colonies which ought to be united in good fellowship and mutual trust. In that honour- able emulation between communities whoro each was strlvlug fairly to gain an advanco ou tho o'hor. i(o had novor known any eise in his export-nea whore tho conduct of puhllo men was loss patriotic than In this of tho Border dutios (Cheers ) Hut tho real ones tun at this el- ctlon waa the conduct of this Administration from first to last All they had dono waa to promoto th-ir own intoroata without regard to tho interests of tho country-to retain thoir own power without reg.rd to the pjwar and prosperity of the people What juatlflcjtlon was thoro for this r.Uii,ling army? Wita vua conduit to Invado na? Win was likely to attack us ? (. No onn/ and pheors ) What was tho causo for aU this alarm athen tho werldwas In a statu of profound peace ? liut unfortunately Sir Jame» Martin, who lud many fine qunlltlos. was uader tbo doluston that he ought to have been barn a military geusral. (Laughter.) He was under tit« dolaslon that that great German, Moltka, was a fuel to him. He (Mr J. Martin) wa« not only a bismark, hut a gr«at military loader And ns lb ro Is no rnom), ho musthave a »by at »omoVoiy, (Lauvhter.) Ills (Mr Parket'a) only surpris« waa that they wore no1 surrounded by a standing army t j day. Perhaps tho army themsola-es would not like the ontsrpr so. The onlyprovision to bo made in this colony f«r military defence vas tu enrol volunteer» from all classes of the community until they h^d a citizen a'my ten thousand strong That ha was tinctroiu this, when bo wasamembar of tin Council of Education-(great npp'ause)-ho said tho boys in nur Public school» should bo brojght under military drill That was tho way to deland tho couutry ; ao that if tbo tlnrn ah«u'd wen whon any for.l;n marítimo power should attack this country it might be dofendod by tho lAthors, the brothers, the husbands, and tin sweethearts of the country (choirs) ])ut to entrust our do fencs to mon who w*ro waifs cn the surface of society, and who could not obtain employment on tbo land, mon who wero athamed to bo barrowraun-was to ontrust -thom toa weak reed. Theso would ho tho vory mon to soil our forltflcatlous Into tho b anils of an onemy. His 'at^ colleague (Mr. Wilson) bad benn pleased to «ay «orno vo yaevero things oí him (Mr. Parkes)- (' wo did not boar him I') A» tiny did not hear bim \- an I as ho had no w Irht in the country-cxeopt physical weight-[a laugb]-bo(Mr. Parkes) would pasa that by. Hut ho would toll thom thia-t' at durlnir th < timo ho was a mem- ber of tho < lovernmont, all tbo strong measures that rendorod trso Government popular proceoded from htm (Mr Parkes) Thoy wero carriel by bim tluou¿h Parliament, and not ono of his colleagues over rtpoko in their dr fonce (cheers) Lot tho truth ha known Thev would recollect theterrlflo strug Rio to piss tho Fnb'lo School» Aot, Night after night {thoy had to contend with tho most factious opdosltlon that over existed ( right I rl^ht ! ) Tlnoughout that formjdalilo Strug rio, rn colleague of his-not oven Hie Attorney-Genoral him- self-ovor «peko in detonen ofthat mensuro. Thoy nuvnr lent him thesltghto-t assistance (cheors and laughter.) Tho hlllwas bia (Mr. Park«»'«) handwriting ; It wa« printed before «ay of hi» colleaguos Raw it It was carriod by him nlono through Parliament without any assistance from them except thoir votes, If that was a groat ineasuro. ho f.vfr. Parkes) was entitled tei clulm Ibu credit for it. Ajsd slnco this Govern- ment had been together on this occasion : what groat uiaisuro had thoy passed cr att"mptod to pas»? Thidr fund Hill wis tho basest measure that ever saw Hi* light. It svas of essentially clasi character. It did not deal with tho great question of tho land with im- partiality. It was a tro ison for which men ought to bo ex- pelled f/o.n power. Why should th« pastoral tonanla of tbo Orow-u be permitted to purchase what a tuan of fortuno out rddo thoir circle conld not purchase? Tho provision» uf the Lind «111 ought to bo oyen to all alike. Is was a claas measure. (* They want to sMl ourcountry.') A few days aso, when Ministers woro accused of having dene no'hlnc «orno ono said 'they havo noNU the country.' (Chocrs ) A (ter the lusi »esslo.i of Parliament wn» closed, what were thoir Ant nets ? They appointed two members of the liouso svho had slavishly volod for them, to bo police magistrates of iho country. One of thom Sir J. Martin liad doaounced iu*»t sovarely. That was Mr. Garrett. Hut because Mr. Garratt coucurrod with this treason, anti »trved thom well for a short time, ho was appointed to administer justice between his follow colon'at». Such a thing AS thnt WA» bnposälblo In nthorcolonies. Th.y hal a low proventlng metn''ora of Parllamont accepting appointment» (Ch«ors.) Annth'-r gentleman on tbo bustiugs gavo Mir Jamo Marti i a hlsli oh tractor. Ho had giod reasons for so dolug. Hlr dames Martin, within tho last twolve months, ha I made bim a magistrate, and put his aon into tit* public servlco. (Laugluer.) Tho tuno must como whan they Ittio electors) must apeak out, and proclaim that government should no longer bo carried on by thoso corrupt moan». They ourht not to havo a 8ollcltor-Goncral running about and. trying to pledgo poor silly members i.f Parliament to support measure» hfforo they had »con thom. Parliament was conatl tilted to nubject overv measures to full discussion. It it carno to this, that Ministers could otrry on the Uovern mont by rrolnct into lióles and cornors and persuading raoul heM of Parliament to vote against tlioir conscience«, or to go homo and ge lo bed : or ti thoy held out othor iU'lncemonts, ihn nnonT tho Parliament wal swept away tin bettor for tho country. It devolvíd on them (tbo eloctors) lo bring ahout agréât reform lu tho*o things. Let Ihovi pledge ovi'ry man that oarao before them not to xrcopt a position under tho Governmoi t : let them malro every mandeolaro tho viow« ho Intended tobo guldud by. Iftlieydid thelrdutyon this occasion oil would go well If» did not Intend to descend to any of tho rib dil trash they lind h»-.rd to-day. But ho chal- lenged any Mlnlstor and any man In any pirt of this oonntry to p-oduc* against bim a singlo net of Ms l*ng publia Ufo which ha (\Tr. Parkex) could nat dctaiid nud jus.Ify. Ho know willi unou«U that ho had LU «rruru (conflict! ne erics.) Ho ndmtUod that thor« were ants In his commo'cUl nlTitra which ho do« ply regretted (* Yun'ra not Iho onlr '.no ') Hut tho opinion of lila countrymen waa strong and unmiii'akabio tit a* ho should go into tUo Parliament of his rountry. Krom tbo first d«y t o rnterod Wrtiameit until tho liny ho quitted It, lie had o*Iy looked to tho in-lcpontlniico of Iho «-lo^tor*. to tho prcservat'ou of our freo institutions to tho malu'idelns of a Oovernnvuit that wmtld benefit tke country. (Oheora ) lío might havo beau cfttm wron ff, but wlut.ver errors ho had committed had horn through too »H>r^iij; p irty ntlo;)anco. Ho confi*8i«d he hud donn moro ta íunpoit si Jn mci Martin tlnn ho orcrdid hofora. Ha had acted enn'riry to his nwi opinions, contrary t» his own sonso of propriety, t» promote Sir JAmci Martin's intcrerta, bc HUVIIIK nfi ho did that hu (sir J. Martin) w»nld devoto hin ijri'At t lcnt3 io iho ROO«) of tho country. Hut »U tt nt was $< no bv. llneawiiir «Tnium Martin now in his t'Uc colours, diillghUns to ha%k 1*. the aduUVmi of Inferior men- fohe«is and Hughtor)-anxious to put forth bli own solf-wllt, lm pitirnt t»f nny rca^nnaM», control, wrecking vor.f;cnnce blind y-for lut wis one of the blindest of our ».nolle moa on tliuse who oppose lrm. Ho (air J. Martin) Uolluved oyery min who concurred li» hi« opinion to bo a wiso min, and aaco'iUd tho exposition of nny person of th*t kind a? exprès* sivo o' tho opinions of tim country. (Ohnort.) Howo'ddnud ouï b13 nil t'lte to-mnrrow, on Wodnouday, and day after day, until these elections woro, at an and. If ho (Mr. l*Arh<(i) believed In nny ono thing-, nnxt to tho dod who mido htm, ho believed in tho sound cood sonsa of tho lîrlllib people-In tho eound common n-inse that charne tnlzed tbo pcoplo of til« groat nation to which thoy belonged. ¡Cheeta) Knowing that th't Ailmtnistrallon had sinned tf-alHiit nil thcRO quail I tua, he know tito verdict of tho people on thom wouM bo-llrgon th-u faithless and unworthy ser- vant These Ministers w.mld bo sont 17 cons oin themselves, wlMi Mr. Huchisau aud their new ndhoronts to-morrow night. (Muilichcctien ) I Mr. KBATIIS waa received willi cheers. Ho said that »luco ¡hey mot «n a alatli ir occasion two yoar» ago, several chango» It ul talci n pi co, ono in p irlhmlar, tlioroinoinbranco of which would bring tbo blifdi to tbo cheek of overy hon. st matt. Tiny bad aeon that two porsona who that timo two year» back »ero lcadern of two sections of public opinion, hal doscrtod their friends mid their prliiolplos, mid had rushed Into ono itnotlters nrmi, ntid now rat sido bv BICIO In tho same Cabinet Tho oiouto for ruell a cotir«o was that thoy wished to forin a Btrnng (»ovornmentln order to pass usoful moaiure» for tho publia bonedt. Ho nskod- hnd thov porformod thoir pro inliva? lind Ihny tlono anything for the pttMlogeod ? (Cries of no, no) Tho'lovorntuent hadbcun inofllrollmoaths, and ho a«l:ortav!iorowero tho useful ra »surra proiniaed by thom? Did thulr ron uct entltlo thora to tho support of tho countr) t ('.No ') II« nsliod thom to look Into tbo Tariff lilli, and to soo whotbor It ontatnod anything that would Induce thom to »import the Government. In that mensuro they proposed ia in nor cent ntl valorem duty, which would have had tbo effect of ruining trado. anti of Increasing the cast living, but that desplomo ad valorem duty waa not tbo only objec- tionable thing. - inongst other tilings tbo Government intended to placo a ttx on bread-(groans)-ami thnroby Incri-aso tho minarles of the poouln Was thoro anything attrantlvo in that! ('No1 -No1) In wl at, tlton, could Um ooutttiy Anti attractive or satisfactory matter? Cutt'ti It bo found in the Stamp Ace, a mensura that would havo nffoctod every porson in ths community, and havo wolghocl heavily on those eng mod lu train? That mcintro woitl Î havo been passed bad tho Government boon nblo to carry It. (Cboors ) In any of thoso bill' could thoy Omi tho promlats of the Mlnlsto» carr ed out? (' No.') Oould thoy find In any ot tho bills, ho had referred to, the important i»-«d useful mo tsutes for which it was »aid the combination watbrought about? Perhapsthoy could find lil« tbo bill for raising a »landing atmv-('ohl oh I')-which lnvol ia tho country in a Irtrjo expenditure of money. Besides, it ca«t a slur upon tho Volurtosrs, who never refused to do anything for tho drfonoo of tho colony. (Ohoirs) Tho inonoy extondetl for the standing army should havo beon put to tbo purpose of bringing to or crcurlng a supply of water for tho city. The Qovernmoat hail tnrncd thoir backs on the water quosttoa aal put all thoir stronelh to the pass luir of the slnudlng nriny, which was te bo ino play toy of Sir .Tamos Martin. In their opinion the latter matter was far morn important than tho water qneitlon It mattered little to thom ao long na they retained their place anti pay. Ho or nny other por>on could not dlsoovor ono measure ol this dovormiiniit ta Justify tho combination. (Hear, hear ) C««.ld thebonefltn of iho combination be aeon In tho Land Hill, » lmaauro that had been condemned throughout tho colony, and «hielt the Minister» lhoms*lvcs wore new willi«« to shdvo? Tho Government thought the only way te ratal«, their place would bo lo rofnae a fair arrangement witta Vlo totla. anti obtain a dlasolutloa In th« hope Hint they would myittlfy tho election. That dlahonotirible combination of men roiortcd to tho dodno ho eaonttoncd for no oilier pnrnnso but for rotnlniug tut lr position. Thoy had attomptctt to oaat a charge of unfutrlotlsm on tho geatlcmon ot tbo Umoaillon, but ho hoped th< people would aee and judge for themselves and cut saide broeolioi-nooket patriotisms (Cheer» ) In timo li« hoped th y wenlil be oarly at tbo poll and send tbo , btBt rren to Parliament to represent them. (Lou 1 cheetina;.] I Mr. JOHN MACINTOSH »aid, ho appeared hefore them at tim eollcltntlou of a largo number of the olociora. Ile had not totaled hlmaolf tin on them i bo bad been atkod hy hnudreda to act as ho waa doing. Ile had complied with the roquait of those who wished hin to stand . and ho hoped that to-mor- row they would a»ow him that ho had aciod rightly. There was no time lo think about giving political speeches : ho only wished to let them know his view«. Thoy had known him for a very Ieng time. and bo hoped that what ho might loy that day would »tot cause thom to alter tbelr optnlona. Ho had oom« to »arve them in a higher »pher«. The disposal of the lands of tho colony wai a queitlon of vital importance, be- ean», if It were not aettled In a proper manner, they would not become a proper people. Ho would toll thom plalely. that it returned to Parliament, ho wenld vote »gainst the ¿and P.lll on every division. Jfo did not care what modification» or alteration» were made in It ; ho hod no faith in it, and wonid Roi support it. Beside», there wore two men la the Ministry who had opposed each *th«r on land questions fer the last twenty Tear». It was a very undesirable thing to give credit for the land as was intended by this Government, and instead of being a» It Is now ought to double Itself it value. Free Irado and protection was a theme that had not been montionort dur- ing the day ; hut ho would Uko to seo a uniform tariff throughout the four colonie». Such a thing would do much to malro a federal nnien between the celonios-a different state of things to tho lighting going on at the pr. sont time. Thoy (the electors) woro now to seo which w.i« tn bo the highest colony. It he wera returned to Parliament, he weuld do his best to make Kew South Walo] tho highest. Every colony is Ju'sed by what it ha», and what it use». Jin coula toll them that llrst Impression were very »Idem changed. He would have a good Impression of NeWSo'nth Walo», go forth to all the world. Than there was the question of tho protection of thoir harbour. They had no fear of n foreign enemy, but thoy had an onomy »Ituared lu tho higher lands-an onomy which was fast running luto it, and filling it np. They wanted to fled something lo remedy that. They bad boen perfectly I miserable without a bill In Parliament to (lo this ; tut they could not expect a bill for this matter from the mombers of tho flovernmcnt prea«nt that day. If thoy »ont him Uto Parliament ho would never «le'cend to abus«, as others had done that (lay. He understeod the matter of the silt flowine into the barbour ; In fact, be ltad tho name of being an amateur englncor, and he would, by seeing to titi» mntttrin Farllamont, retain tho title. The water »apply wauld also havo hi» attention. He bad tbo pellcy and honesty to servo them well if they would voto for him te-morrow. (Onoora and cries of ' Ho. ) They should not volo for bim unless thoy voted for bim on his meilts ; for he would go luto Parliament an independent man. Liko Itobert Burns, he would be a man of whom it may be said, ' There lies an honest mau.' Educa- tion had not beon touched upon. It they lookod nt tho pub- ic school children at < o'clock lu the afternoon, they would seo a spectacle that wa« a crodlt to tho country. He would support no measure in Parliament unless everyone, labourer and all, wore put on the »ame foetiog within- it. As to tho «l«ht hour mevemont ha lind suppartod it orally and by written communication from the ürst timo it wa» mooted. If tho Government would bring in a bill declaring eight hours to bo tho legal days of lahoar bo would support It. (Cheors.) He repeated hi» desiro to na» the Munlclpnl Connell properly established, and suggested that as vacant lands wera improved by tho corporation mobing street» to them until their value was incrcasod from £2 to £50 per foot of f rontago, that thoro lands should be liable to assessment, and thus tito owners who wore boneQtled should contrlbuto to tho revenue of the elly. If olected he would always bo found at his post: and ho would not askthtm lo put their hands to thoir hat», With regard to the Border duties ho would tako auch stops as would procuro Just lee for Now South Walos, and tboutbt ho might bo as useful on Cotnmittoe» ot tho House as any othor man in the Assembly, Ho wished to seo tbo port of Sydney a free port, so that whalers would rosort to It to glvo employ- ment to ourohlp carpenter», andput mosey In th« pockets of tho merchants, who would furnish tho ve'solswlth supplies. Mr. BAMVRL wa» most favourably roceived. Ho »aid ho had como forward with outsldcrablj reluctauco as, a candi date fer their r.uffragoj, more espoclally as during tho Taara ho had been in Parliament ho lied represented oonntry oon etltuencles : ner ahould ho have como forward oxcopt te glvo tho electora an opportunity of oxorcislug thoir franclilio »gainst th« present Government. (Hoar, hear.) De reviowed tho circumstances attendant upon tho combination of tho two leaders of opposing partie» and denre catod tho basto with whlcn tho Ministry had had brought on tilla election. Ho was glad, howover, that tho appeal hid beon matt: to tho country, as ¡t had aroused tho okciors to a »anio of their duty, ni tho Government would not fall to And at the polling. Uo repeated hi» belief that the issue put before tho electors' wa» a false ono ; and after reviewing tbo action of tho .Sssomhlyand the Govern- ment with regard to the negotiations at tho Conference, con- tended that tho Clovornuumt had attempted to confii'o and complicate the question. Ho criticised at length tho reduc- tion» effected by the Govornmont in the salaries of til- civil sotvants, and adverted to tho Inconsistency of the proceedings In rotation to tbo petition presented by Mr' Wilson, and the petition signed by 10,000 working mou. It had boan alleged by Hlr Jam"i Martin that tho Government hut put tho tlnancesot tho country in proper order, and that thoro was a bataneo of £09,00» In tbo bank. Put Sir J. Martin did not stnte what we-o tho liabilities. It a man had a £& note and ha] outstanding liabilities unpaid, ho could bo said to bo worth £5, and so it would bo found by this boasted £300,(Kia In tho bank. Ho (Mr. Samuel) could tell Sir J. Martin ho know nothing about It. Sir J. Martin, when bo (Mr. Bamuel) was lu oftlco, predicted that there wits a defi- ciency of a million. How has he got rid of that deficiency: has it boen met out of tho revenue? (Laughtor) The statement waa ou a par with Sir J, MartU'a extraordinary .and wild scheme» and impression» of finance. Ho was a good lawyer but no statoi mtn. (Hoar, hear.) the Government submitted that the olectora would admiro thoir boldness in relation to the collec- tion of the Berdor duties. Ho wa» of opinion it was fool hardiness. Thoro wita uo trtto co J rogo lu such pot valiancy, and no more cruel and vindlctlvo act could have boen por petratcd. Is it any wonder that the Press should condemn tho action taken by tho Government. After commenting generally on othor imMtotopics, ho denied tin nsiettlon that tbo Opposition had stopped supply. (Oh, ob from tho Minis- terial candidates mid thoir Monds on tho platform.) Tho reso- lution of Mr. Piddington did not anticípalo tho ntoppago of tupplles. Ho eutroated tho doctors not to fail in their duty to-morrow, and to weigh well tho words of Mr. Parkes. Ho hopod they would not lot it ha said that there is an organised body in Hil» city that could causo thom to bo lod away liko a pared of sboep, and reminded thom that to mako the elnctlon safo it waa uowissary to vote for all tho tour Opposition candi- dates. _ Tho EnrunNiNH-oFriCEK callod upon Mr. William Barker and Mr GcorgoKlng. Noltbcr woro presout. Tho show of bands wn» taken. At tho tbuo about 4000 porflon» wero assembled. For Sir .Tamos Martin about one-soventh of thoso present held up their bands : for Mr. Duchan an, about onf-aUth. Mr. Wilson had a »how about equal to Sir James Martin. Whoa Mr. Parkos'a «arno was subtnlttod. ovor two-thirds of tho assemblage pronounced in his favour ; for Mr. Ncalo about halt tho mooting hold up their hands. Mr. Macintosh had notrlyas many as Mr. Parker, Mr. Samuel a few moro than Mr. Maclntotb. Tho ItrrruiiniNii.opriOKii declared tbo «how of hand» to ho in favour of MOISTS. Parkes, Baumil, Maclntcoh, and Neale. (Tremendous clicorlarr.) A poll having beau demanded, tbo Bolurntng-offlcsr announced that It would bo taken till» day, between the hours of 8a m. and-4pm., at tho various polling pla-os. Mr. PARKES poposed and Mr. 8Asr DKL seconded a voto of thanks to the Koturnlng-ofTlcor, which was accorded by acclamation. Tinco cliver« wore given for Hor Majesty tho Queen, and tbo meeting terminated. (in loavlng tho hustings Messrs. Parkes, N«alo and Samuol, wero cnrtlod out of Iho Park on the brawny sbouldors of somo of th*lr more snugnlnosiipportor», and afterwards o c .rtcd to the Committee ltoom at Camb'3 Commercial Hotel. In rospomo to oncrgotlo call» tbo candidatos again addressed tho electora nt cousldoriibla length, enjoining them to complete tbo victory thoy liad that day partially aud nlgnnlly achieved, by r.-turnlug them by a triumphant majority to day. 