DOCTRINE, DOGMA, AND TEACHING. TO THE KDITOR. bur— In reply to your correspondents letters in Saturday's Register, allow me to say that in affirming that the words ' doctrine.' '?dogma,' and 'teaching' are respectively oi .Latin, lireeK, ana saxou derivation, it was not my intention to infer either that the roots corresponded precisely in meaning or that the derived words necessarily possessed an equality of meaning. Etymology is not a safe guide to the significance of words in common use. Because these words ' doctrine,' ?' dogma,' and 'teaching,' as referring to the same thing, sound so differently to the common ear, being derived from three distinct languages, they are not therefore necessarily divergent in their present usage. This is the idea I meant to convey. Books of a scientific or hermeneutical character which treat of theological subjects employ the words 'dogma' and ' dogmatic' as ' virtually synonymous' with ' doctrine' and ' doctrinal. As instances in proof, I quote the first sentences of the introduction to Martensen's ' Christian Dogmatics,' being vol. xii. of the Fourth Series of ' Clark's Foreign Theological Library:'— ' Dogmatic theology treats of the doctrines of the Christian faith held by the community of believers; in other words, by the Church. A confessing and witnessing Church cannot be conceived to exist without a definite sum of doctrines or dogmas.' In Bohn's series of Neander's Works two of the volumes are entitled 'History of Christian Dogmas;' in the preface written by Dr. Jacobi the word 'dogmatic' as the synonym for 'doctrinal' constantly occurs. In the list of contents these headings are given— ' History of Dogmas defined, the relation of the History of Dogmas to other cognate branches of study,' &c;, &c.; Dr. Neander therefore uses the word 'dogma' as being 'virtually synonymous' with 'doc- trine.' In my last perusal of Alford's Greek Testament Commentary (not read with any relation to this point) I noticed the following comment on 1st Corinthians vi. 11 :—*' Ye were sanctified (not in dogmatic sense of progressive sanctification, but so that whereas before you were unholy, by the reception of the Holy Ghost you became dedicated to God and holy).' Here ' dogmatic' is manifestly equivalent to ' doctrinal.' I have cited these references as confirmatory of the accuracy of my statement in the address. I am, Sir, &c;, SILAS MEAD. Vestry, Flinders- street, Sept. 23. 