LEADING QUESTIONS FOR ROMANISTS. Subject : — Absolution and Penance. Is not ' repentance' and not ' penance' the right translation of mctanoia in the New Testa ment ? What is the meaning of ' found no place of repentance m neb. xu. 17 ? Does the note in Dr. Cullen's Bible ex plain it thus — " That is, he found no way to bring his father to repent, or change his mind, with relation to his having given the blessing to his younger brother Jacob' ? Why does the note on St. Luke, xv. 10 give 'repentance' instead of 'penance' in the same Bible? Why did the Rheims translators give both ' repent' and ' do penance' in St. Luke, xvii. 3, 4\. and in the Apocalypse, ii. 21 ? By what right is ' punishing past sins by fast ing and such like penitential exercises, added to ' repentance and amendment of life,' in the note as the meaning of metanoeile, which is translated ' do penance' in the text of St. Matt. iii. 2, in Dr. Cullen's Bible ? Why do these same Rhemish translators give ' repentance' and not ' penance' in the following texts : — Him hath God exalted with his right band, to be prince and Saviour, to give repentance to Israel and remission of sins.' — Acts. v. 31. ' God then hath also to the Gentiles given re pentance unto life.' — Acts. xi. 18. ' If peradventure God may give them repent ance to know the truth, and they may recover themselves (resipiscant) from the snares of the devil, by whom they are held captive at his will. ' — 2 Tim. ii. 25. 26. Why don't the new editions give 'repent' everywhere, as did Dr. Lingard, the Romish historian, in his translations of the four Gospels, and as did Archbishop Kenrick in many places of his new version ? Why should not all the other passages be translated like the following : — 'Jesus came into Galilee preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God, and saying : The time is accomplished, and the kingdom of God is at hand : REPENT and believe the gospel ' ? — St. Mark i. 14, 15, Rheims Version of the New Testament. Why did our blessed Lord impose uo penance but simply say to the impotent man — ' Behold thou art made whole ; sin no more, lest some worse thing happen to thee ' ? — St. John v. 14. And again to the woman in viii. 11 — 'Go and now sin no more.' — Dr. Cullen's Bible. Why does Butler's Catechism give ' amend ment of life ' as the best proof of having made a good confession ? Why does St. Peter, following Isaiah, say that it is 'by Christ's stripes we are healed,' and not our own penances and punishments here, nor sufferings m purgatory hereafter ? Why does St. Paul say of the Lord Jesus ' Christ, ' Whom God hath proposed to be a pro pitiation through faith in his blood " (Rom. iii. 25), and not through absolution, penances, sacraments, indulgences, masses, merits of saints alms, fastings, or other mortifications. ' Why does St. John say — ' not penances, iu- diligences, purgatory, &c.; but — 'the blocd'— that is, tho death, suffering, sacrifice, and satis faction on the cross — ' of Jesus Christ, His Son, cleanseth us from ALL sin ?' — 1 John i. \J llheims' Version. Did any of the Apostles ever remit sins in any other way than by preaching the Gospel, as St. Peter did to the Centurion Cornelius, saying of the Lord Jesus Christ, ' To Him all tho prophets give testimony, that by His name all receive re mission of sins who believe in Him ?' — Acts x. 43, Roman Catholic Bible. How is any Roman Catholic to get the ' true spirit of interior repentance' which the late Archbishop Murray requires in his Pastoral on the Jubilee, saying to penitents — ' Approach the sacred tribunal, but do so in that true spirit of interior repentance, without which your confes sion would be little better than a mockery, aud your absolution, instead of being an instrument of pardon, would add the new crime of sacrilege to your former guilt' ? — Authorised Jubilee Book, p. 20. Dr. Murray here states that without true re pentance, which is the gift and work of God the Holy Ghost iu the heart, it is worse than useless to confess to a priest ; and the Trent Catechism states that by true contrition we obtain from God the immediate pardon of our sins : is it not then an insult to the majesty and mercy of God, to ' apply to man for that which is the direct and gracious gift of the Almighty Himself ? What priest can forgive sins which God has not forgiven ? If we have God's pardon, what need have we of the priest's ? Does not Liguori admit, that the man who loves God above all things has forgiveness of his sins before he goes to the priest ? Hear his words — ' As St. Thomas teaches, all contrition which arises from predominant charity cancels sin, and is true contrition.' — Lig. on Council of Trent, n. 206. 