SUMMARY OF NEWS. Mr. Duffy has promised to consult his col- leagues relative to the introduction of a Bill giving Stipendary Magistrates power to order the flogging of larrikins. It has been resolved by the Melbourne players to bring out an English team of cricketers next season, and £3,000 has been guaranteed towards expenses. Government-house, Sydney, is undergoing considerable alterations, preparatory to the arrival of the new governor, Sir Hercules Robin- son. A Sydney telegram says later Fiji papers re- present the Government as powerless. The Mutuals (sic) maintain an adverse position. They have taken the cutter Volunteer—lately sold by order of the Court—from the police, and intend to prevent her sailing until a man-of-war arrives. The Burt party are also arming a large number of neutrals, fearing bloodshed ; and a notice has been published that they will oppose the first side commencing hostilities. Mr. T. Bent has given notice of another amendment in the Victorian Assembly, express- ing dissatisfaction with the exercise of patronage by the Governor's advisers. It is stated that the Victorian mint will be opened for coining during the first week in June. The regulations are not less liberal than those of the Sydney institution. The Hon. C. G. Duffy has promised not to confirm the appointment of Mr. Cashel Hoey, as Secretary, to the Agent-General, per this mail on Mr. Francis stating that the opinion of the House will be sought regarding it. The subject of the Californian mail contract is likely to be shortly brought forward in an ad- verse motion in the Victorian Parliament. "A rather good story has come to our ears," says the Clunes Guardian, "relative to an erstwhile provincial correspondent of a Ballarat paper, and now or recently an applicant for a newly-created Government office. This indi- vidual, it appears, waited on a certain member of Parliament in order to request his influence in obtaining the coveted appointment. Now, as the M.P. had been unfortunate enough to be frequently ' slated' by bitter paragraphs emanating from the pen of the aforesaid office seeker, the legislator was somewhat surprised at the application, and appears to have expressed himself to that effect. He was, however, told that his services were not expected gratuitously, that in fact a bonus of £20 would be paid on the billet being secured.. M.P. thereupon inquired what the situation was worth. A good round sum per annum was named as the probable salary. 'Then you are quite sure it is a good and permanent billet, Mr. — 'Quite sure,' was the reply. ' Then as it is such a good one,' said the M.P., 'I think I'll try and get it for myself or one of my friends. Good day!' " By the census returns of Victoria, notwith- standing the reported exodus from this colony to that, there appears to be 40,000 less males between 20 and 40 years old in the year 1871 than in 1861, in that land of gold and reported prosperity. "A very distressing and fatal accident oc- curred on Sunday last at Ondit," the Geelong Advertiser reports, " to a young man named Donald Macpherson, while plying a boat on the lakes which skirt the eastern boundary of that parish. The wind was blowing very strong at the time, which deceased attempted to meet, with a view, it is supposed, of landing on the island situate at Gundry's Point, but the elements proved too strong, the boat capsized, and de- ceased sank only to rise again in the convulsive agonies of death, Mr. M. Herrick, in whose employ the youth had been for some months, being in the meantime a silent and helpless spectator on the bank some one or two hundred yards distant, the water being some 10ft. deep. Deceased being a good swimmer, it is conjectured that he must have been seized with cramp." Steward Susannah Cuthbert is committed for trial for causing the death of Mr. Davis, an actor, at Sydney, by capsizing a boat. A nugget weighing 520oz. has been found at Christmas Flat, Berlin, by two diggers named Scott and Murphy. The old fields, it would seem, have not yet been rifled of all their golden treasures. The non-arrival of the immigrant ship Patrician, in Melbourne, is causing some anxiety. She has now been 106 days at sea, and the fact of her putting back after starting, for repairs, does not lessen the uneasiness. A man, named John McDonald, aged sixty years, employed as a private watchman on board the steamship Edina, while eating at table on Saturday was suffocated by a piece of meat sticking in his throat. When the accident occurred the man was at once taken to the Mel- bourne Hospital, but on his arrival there he was found to be dead. Another batch of farmers (says the Register) is leaving the Alexandrina District for the neigh- bourhood of Narracoorte. Many tales about, warlocks and spirits have not a better foundation than the following, ex- tracted from the Milang correspondence of the Strathalbyn paper. The writer says :—" I will just mention one circumstance which happened the other night, or rather morning, and which, as our immortal poet says—' Is just as true as the deil's in —;' but you know the rest. As one of our worthy neighbours was wending his way home, after having enjoyed himself with a few old cronies at Host—'s; but I must not tell everything, or you will know too much. Well, he was 'na fu',' but' just had 'plenty,' and at a very lonely part of the road he was startled by hearing something like the clanking of chains or the jingle of cracked bells, he was not sure which ; but presently he was more alarmed at seeing approaching him a form which, as he says, was, ' like neither beast: nor body :' he was sure nothing human could appear in that shape. It made his hair—what there was of it —stand on end, and his eyes were almost start- ing from their sockets as the apparition stalked almost up to him. Fear or curiosity, we will not say which, kept our friend stationary, whilst the ghost or goblin commenced walking round and round, him, coming closer, every moment. At last the poor man mustered courage to ejaculate, 'Who or what are you ?' The reply came in very unsteady tones and broken English —' I'm Jack, de ostler; who you ?' The relief of the poor farmer may be better imagined than described when he discovered it to be only a mortal ; like himself, who had imbibed rather freely at a ' pub' not a hundred miles from here, and some one, thinking to play a trick on poor Jack, took the saddle and bridle, off his horse and turned the horse adrift; but Jack had good pluck, and, not caring to stay, in such company, took the saddle on his head, and tramped, to the music of the clanking stirrups." A private letter states that Mr, Reed, late constructor in the Navy Department, Admiral Robinson, and others, are forming a steam Company for the Cape route, the capital to be £2,000,000. Collins has been sentenced to death. ,at Brisbane for the murder of Lemens, and has made a full confession of his guilt. Lieutenant Stanley, of the Admiralty Survey, reports the discovery of a sunken-rock, with only six feet water on it at low water, between Belfast and Warrnambool, a. mile from the shore. The rock does not break, but it is so sharp that the lead will not rest on the summit. A large flax dressing company is about, to be set in motion in New Zealand. The capital employed when in full operation will be £60,000. A correspondent sends the Argus the follow- ing :—"I observe in your paper some particu- lars of the will of Miss Read, in which mention is made of the accumulation by her of £500 worth o£ 6d., 4d., and 3d. pieces. Your readers may, perhaps, feel curious to know how those bits af silver were obtained. As I was a near neighbour at one time of Miss Read, I know something of her habits. Among her other eccentricities, Miss Read went sallying, forth daily to the West-end, accompanied by her mother. They posted themselves at the corners of the most aristocratic streets, soliciting charity, and the result was the heap in question." A Warrnambool telegram of Tuesday last states that a public meeting of graziers, selectorss and farmers, was held that day and the previous one at Allansford and Koroit to consider the proposal for an import duty on sheep, cattle, and horses entering Victoria. Resolutions favour- able to the tax were warmly supported, and petitions prepared for presentation to Parliament. Afterwards a railway conference was held, at which four borough and shire councils were represented. Resolutions were unanimously approved, memoralising the Government to make a preliminary survey of the line from Hamilton to the seaboard, equi-distant from Warrnambool and Belfast. A committee, con- sisting of representatives of the several councils, was appointed to carry out the resolution. There were 97,323 shares applied for in the new bank of Queensland. The total amount advertised was 25,000. 26,326 were allotted. The returns for 1871 show that 132,000 ounces of gold have been exported from Victoria more than in the previous year. At the Criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, in Adelaide, on the 14th inst., Mr. S. Raphael was a juryman in a larceny case. The evidence having concluded, the jury adjourned to consider their verdict, but after the lapse of a considerable time they were re-called by the Judge, who having asked if there was any likelihood of their agreeing the following colloquy occurred :—Mr. Raphael said he thought there was no probability of their agreeing, adding that there were three gentlemen holding out, and one had expressed his intention of remaining all night rather than give in. His Honor—Is it a point of law on which you disagree ? Mr. Raphael—No, your Honor ; it is a point of common sense and judg- ment. (Laughter.) His Honor—Which you do not think are in any way allied to the law, Mr. Raphael? Mr. Raphael—Exactly so, your Honor. (Laughter;) Another Juryman—Only two disagree. His Honor—Your friend and yourself, Mr. Raphael ? Mr. Raphael—Oh, he is not my friend, your Honor. (Laughter.) His Honor—Well, I believe if you are one of the resisting Jurymen, Mr. Raphael, you would stay some-time so ; under the circumstances, don t you think it would be better to discharge the Jury? ("Yes.") It is hardly fair to keep you in torture—locked up without fire and light, in accordance with the old English law. Mr. Raphael—Some of them seem to like it, your Honor. (Laughter.) His Honor—Oh! Well, gentlemen, you are discharged. Barker's tweed-mill, Sydney, was, burned down last Friday morning. The loss is esti- mated by the proprietor at £30,000, only partially covered by the following insurances :—Victoria, £3,500 ; Royal, £4,000 ; Liverpool, London, and Globe, £2,000 ; Australian, £2,000; Scottish Commercial, £1,600 ; Imperial, £1,500 ; Sydney, £1,500. The fire is believed to be the work of an incendiary, and it is intended to hold an inquest. Captain Tucker, convicted of abandoning sea- men at the New Hebrides, has been sentenced at Sydney to three months' hard labor. A child has been poisoned at Sandhurst by the administration of carbolic acid in mistake for medicine. Scarcely any hopes are enter- tained of the child's recovery. 