SPORTING BY "PlAYBOY. The Croxton Pari: meeting on Saturday can hardly be catted a suooees. In Ihfe firetplace, the weather was anything but agreeable, then the attendance was not up to the rOafk, And'fiosJly the racing itself was very shy. Somehow; everyone seemed to have an idfea that Stockings wag bound to win the Flying Handicap, although his praipps performances would hardly point indifferent second, and Hesperus a bad third. Ha Farmer's Daughter not been suffering from "er recent trip to Ballarat, the result might have been different, as the mare was in remarkably good fettle tbere, and we all know she can carry ber weight very comfortably for any distance un er a mile. The Hurdle Race resulted in _an easy victory for Nankaboo, although Mr. Watson s little chesnut mare, Lady Bird, made a g 6 for it, and would have been much nearer her rider made too much use of her , going up hill. The running of Volunteer was, to least of it, suspicious, as half a mile fr»®hoT. was 150 yards behiud, and yet finished wUhrn ten lengths of the winner ; bnt perhaps may be a slow beginner, although he »PPed as fresh after the race was over as when he started. The Selling Stakes dwindled dowo very one sided match between Chance and Wild Dish GirL The former, who has been a suburban winner for the last seven or eight years, galloped home an easy winner, and appeared as young fish as. when he first trod the green sward. Waldock de clined to start either of his two for the Steeple- chase, consequently there was some mild plunging on Blackthorne, who went from start to finish, and won easily enough at the finish, although had Wild Harry stood up, I fancy be would have made it rather hot. The hot-headed Councillor gave Cattanan a nasty fall, but Denis must be getting used to tumbles by this time. The Fool ran very well for a green horse, and was made the most of by Chifney. The weights for the handicaps at the Heidel berg Races, which take place to-day, were posted up at the Prince of Wales hotel on Saturday evening. Blackthorn certainly caught it very " hot" in the Steeplechase for his win at Croxton Park on Saturday, having to concede weight to both Nankaboo and Dutchman, who did not start there, whilst Councillor receives no less than 2st. However, Blackthorne's win was a. most easy one, and he certainly had all the best of the weightB, and had he accepted for Heidelberg, I would have preferred his chance to that of any of the others, for I believe he is more to be depended on. Western is not likely to get round without a baulk or fall. With lOst. Nankaboo is not dangerous in any company. Dutchman has been reserved for better things to come. Councillor "is too hot-headed, and has not ac cepted, whilst Wild Harry and The Fool are the most likely to catch the judge's eye first. In the Hurdle Race, the tkree top weights appear to me to have all the best of it, and as the distance is half a mile shorter than at Croxton Park, I think Ladybird's chance looks a good one, although Western, even with lOst. 7lb., in such company must be dangerous. But a line drawn through Nankaboo would make these three to be weighted very fairly. Most people thought Moonlight too well in for the Handicap, but the race has fallen through for want of acceptors. Peeping Tom's letter in your issue of the 6th inst. has caused a good deal of ink to be wasted by " Augur" and "Hamlet's Ghost." The leading paragraph of the former's turf gossip is amusing, for the way in which the writer tries to exalt him self at the expence of his brother scribe. One would hardly imagine him to be the same writer who last spring was so disgusted with the tips sent from Randwick that he wrote in the columns of this paper, that he hoped he would be tbere himself next meeting, and then we should see what we would see. Since then he has transferred himself and his tips elsewhere, with what result the public can see for themselves. He goes to Raudwick with all the prestige of a special cor respondent for theAustralasian —but his tips, what became of them ? Every opportunity is afforded the touts at Randwick. " Augur" could see and juge for himself, but trusting to private stable information he sends The Prophet for the Leger and Tim Whiffler for the Cup, and puts alibis be nighted followers in the hole. Nor for the minor races did this tipping luminary shine more brightly; he was travelling on a wrong track from first to last. Even in Melbourne, where we had nothing but hearsay to guide us, we did better ; but, as in my own opinion tipping is all vanity and vexation of spirit, I will leave the. sub ject, for the less judgment a man possessed rlf j more likely he is to spot winners if he ip at hind the scenes. The best horee very rly wins now-a-days. Condition and intentions., jc too much to do with the matter, but, so farae " Peeping Tom" is concerned, he can well afford to let the question rest. For many years he at tended the Randwick Autumn Meetings and oa no occasion did he fail to tell us which was the best yearling sold, or what two-year- old gave the greatest promise. He can also claim the ' credit of having picked out both The Barb and Nim- hlAnl- IAMM fliAW aVAl MOlSo f.VtAll' ftlle UlCXWb WUg UCHMO KUOjr w . pearance on a racecourse ; and if he has failed from time to time in selecting winners which some people seem to think the ne plus ultra of sporting literature, it is because ke has hot cared to go crawling about other people's ' Btahles, and pay court to jockeys and (trainers to get into owners' secrets. It may appear somewhat strange that I should take up the cudgels on this subject, but " Peeping Tom" and myself have been too long fellow-labourers in the same vineyard for what hurts one not to slightly graze the other. If writers would only confine themselves to the trutl when they attack others, we should all get oi much more pleasantly. It is hll very well to s&r; now that Hamlet could not raise a gallop befon the Y.R.C. Derby, but it is wide or the trutl,. Hamlet did a gallop three days before and weit well, and all that the most aciite observer couil detect was a slight soreness after it. And ihe tttf prophets were not those only who were wrong, there were hundreds of touts who saw him at Flemington before the race, trainers, jockeys, aid owners, and not one of them saw anything to make them believe Hamlet was a gntat until the race was over: when of course t)ey all turned mightily clever, the presiding genim of our big contemporary amongst them. The stable r aLo backed their horse, and if £ftey.;did not know he could not beat a donkey, how could " H&mht;'s Ghoat" or even " Peeping Tom ?" Great stresshas been laid on the fact that at the repent meefaig 1 "P. T." backed Javelin. But whttt allOlrtttf,' Hamlet at the time was a most uncertain . shatter, in fact one of the principal supporters of jthe stable told me he was positively not going, oor would ho have done so unless the 4tT,C. had elm- pelled bis owner to recognise botb theliegejr Champagne Stakes. Now in Javelin was a certainty, and if ne had would have been at avery short price for the <1 «>dMP. T." could have hedged to advanffc1 But enough, I am travelling out of my provo oud will bid adieu to the subject, and turn) matters nearer home. Since writing the abovj fcavja eenn letter from " Peeping Tom" in it. country edithm of this week's Awffratemavj.i a foottbytheitor.Md » i for pestscript I never read. The editor half con fesses to the private conversation which he made use of through "Hamlet's Ghost," but excuses himself by sayiag that it had nothing to do with either " Augur's" remarks or the " Ghost's" letter, when anyone with half an eye can see it had everything to do with them. The editor boasts of having seen more racing in the old oountiy than " Peeping Tom." If he has, which I, knowing something about both parties, very much doubt, he has made very little use of what he has seen. He might as well tell us that be cause he goes to church every Sunday he could preach a sermon. The programme of the Victoria Racing Club for the season of 1872 and '73, appears in the advertising columns of The Weekly Times this week, and it will be seen at a glance that the alterations on that of last season are very slight. The club, as before, provide seven days' racing, four in the Spring, one at Midsummer, and two in ths Autumn. The Spring Meeting will beheld on Saturday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, the 2nd, 7th, 8th, and 9th of November. The Mid summer Meeting on the 1st of January, and the Autumn on Friday and Saturday, the 7th and 8th of March. The various dates of entry, etc., remain mush the same as before, with the excep- tioi that, in most instances, Monday is the day appointed in place of Thursday. The club give £5j575 away in added money, being £200 in ex- cesi of last year, made up as follows : — £100 is given to a handicap for three-year-olds, on the las: day of the Spring Meeting, to make up for the jrishdrawal of the Woodstock Plate, which this yetr has been merged into the Maribyrnong Phte ; £50 more is added to the Three-year-old Hmdicap on New Year's Day, and the Autumn Hmdicap has also been increased by an extra 50 bots. Beginning with the Spring Meeting, the fint thing that attracts the eye is the extreme ridmess of the Maribyrnong Plate, which is this year a sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, half forfeit, with the munificent amount of 600 sovs. conjointly aided by Messrs. Petty, Hunter, and Phillips in proportion, for yearlings sold at their annual Biles. Entrance, however, is this year ©ptionable vith purchasers, ancl have to be made on Monday, 3-d ot June, to Mr. Bagot or to Mr. Buchan Thompson. There is no further alteration till the Priday, when the Oaks takes the place of the JYoodstock Plate, and on Saturday a Handicap for Three-year-olds is substituted for the. Oaks, the conditions being a sweep ef 5 sovs., half forfeit, with 100 added, hardly enough to produce a good race, when there are more valuable prizes to be run for on the same- day. On New Year's Day 1 the only alterations are the one with regard to the Three-year-old Handicap already noticed, and the raising ef the sweepstakes in the Mid summer Handicap from 7 sovs to 10 sovs. in both the Midsummer Handicap and Steeplechase. In the Autumn Meeting there is no change be yond the 50 sovs added to the Autumn Handicap on the second day already mentioned, which should much improve the quality of that race. So far, there is little fault to be found in the pro gramme, but I cannot help thinking that too much money has been devoted to steeplechases and hurdle races, events which should be excised altogether from the programmes of the Y.R.G., at all events at midsummer and in the autumn, especially now-a-days, when there is so much public money to be won by thiB class of horses during the winter, which is the legitimate season l for the sport. Some people think that the I Steeplechase is the great draw on the Saturday, but such was demonstrated not to be the case < when the V.R.C. had a steeplechase on each day i of the Autumn Meeting ; and £875 is altogether : too much to devote to the jumpers. With £500 i of it the V.R.C. could provide an excellent day's sport in the winter, and make it pay too ; and I am sure,what vith Ballarat, Bendigo, Hunt Club, and otber steeplechase fixtures, the jumpers would have nothing to complain about, and I hope that next year's committee will earnestly take this subject into consideration when drawing up the next programme. Steeplechasing is, no doubt, fine fun, and I myself prefer a good one to any other kind of sport, but there iB a time for all things, and the summer, with the ground ; 'sometimes aard as adamant, is not at all the season for j Aping horses. The Warrnambool Steeplechase Meeting is ad vertisefiitpJUke place on the 13th of Jane, and a very goqftsiprogramme has issued from that thriving poi% there being a Maiden Steeplechase, of . 40 sovs, entrv 2 sovs, a Handicap Steeplechase, . of 100 sovs, wbh a sweep of 3 sovs, and a Selling Hurdle i£aee, of 20 sovs, entry 1 sov. Nomina tions for the big event, enclosing 2 sovs entrance, are to be made on the 10th of May, and weights declared on the 20th. This is quite big enough .for some of our metropolitan dyers to have a shy, as the port is easy of access by steamer, p Another illustrious stranger! I have much pleasure to announce that Cantata, the fine French mare purchase! by Mr. Matthew Bryant, of Cairn corran, at the sale of the late Mr. Moffatt'g stud, last week foaled a fine filly to Lanaret, a son of Newminster ; and that both mother and daughter are doing well. This is the fourth of Mr. Mofffttt'e importations whose foaling I have have had to ckronicle, and it is something ex traordinary that all the youngsters should be fillies. Owing to the latency of. the season at which Jthese, young aristocroA have put iu an appearancein this world, they are pla?ed at a great disadvantage in all our junior stakes ; h# ns they are all otrnpfi by gentlemen food of sljift of racing, I would suggest that they /orm a stake of their own, hy a eweepstakfifttf 100 sovs each, and call it ImportedakcB, to he run at the V.R.C, Meeting, 1874. when they will all ,pe about, two yeape old. £he owner of Cantata, Who has named hw fiilMJantatrioe, and Mr. W. Brown haye abeadjjirough Mr. W. C. YuUle, .J »0sgne8s to try conclusions with the other gepfgroen who were purchasers at the sale, and I ijffte no doubt they have -only to hear of the pto||on to aooept of the challenge. The entries |d aooeptanoes for the Bendigo Autumn Meeth|r appear in another column, and may on the wht e be considered very satisfactory. ad. absentee that l i surprised at being Weetomu <md b, tha MIm nurawp, -J" M » look, (Inuwt . Mrtwnt. far i SSSMk ftiir hi R«ta. aimYqluAteer naake him toavel. The SteeplechtoQ Miu|b to be regarded as a good thing for Tha Ifonk, but if Royston stands up the judge', e,., fij, lowed by The Monk, Brownie, and Dutohman. Of the five in thy Hurdle Race I know so little that it is hardly worth while expressing an opinion, but if the three- jear- old Amazon be any good, then she ought to do the trick. Wesxbbn, Oriiukeen, and Turangarip appear to me the best iu the fSeliing Hurdle Race, and Babbler w pTOolaiUN in tht «Ui»g my preference being for the latter, and Katb Dal- rymplb or Teddington should carry off the Flat Race. ' . The entries for the various Australian d ocaey ,Ciub Stakes, which closed after the Randwick Meeting, are hardly so good as heretofore, and the names of Messrs. Hunter, Pearson, ana Filg&te; will bB missed from among the list of nominators, owing doubtless to the difficulty as to the recent Champagne and Leger forfeits. The club havecertaiuly pushed matters to extremity, and as there is no higher authority than them selves in the colony, they are likely to have all the best of it. Victoria, however, is well represented by the nominations of Messre. Petty, P. Lewis, Patterson, Finlay, L. L. 8mitb, and B. Williams, the latter a nom de guerre which will no doubt4 easily be recognised. It will be seen in the list of " Races to Come, etc.," that the entries for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, to be run at the next Randwick Spring Meeting, are to be made on the 30th of May. Weights to be declared on the 20th of J une, and acceptances on the 4th of July. Mr. W. C. Yuille has collected a shipment of twenty thoroughbreds, which will be placed on board the James Service on Monday for Calcutta. This is a trial lot, and got together for the purpose of giving the Indian market a fair test with first- class horses, and consists of six three ana four- year- old geldings by Panic and King Alfred out of imported mares, bred by Mr. Wm. Ross, of The Gums, near Caramut ; six eolts,from three to seven years' old, by Sotterley, Boiardo, and Touch stone out of some of Mr. W. Brown's best mares ; Dr. Bathe's high-bred colt Dandenoog, by Lucifer out of Birdswing j King Torn, by Kingston, and a four-year-old gelding by Cossack out of Veludia, by Vanguard ; a three-year-old colt by Panic, bred byk Mr. H. Phillips; Bullarto, three years, by Touchstone out of Audacity ; the two-year- old filly by Panic out of Jessie, purchased by Mr. Block at Mr. Phillips's sale, and another Touch stone colt bred by Mr. Lyall. Should this ship ment, which is consigned to Messrs. Hunter and Co., turn out a success, Mr. Yuille will from time to time make others. Messrs. Bowes and Lethbridge on Tuesday last tried to dispose of Pirate's Dream, and the brood mare Gulnare, which arrived from Adelaide some time back, by auction ; but no bid was forth coming, and they had to be passed in. At the same time the hunters Certainty and Dandy were put up, but realised very poor prices, the former going for £13, and the latter for £4. Mr. Watson also tried to get rid of Mobcow, the well-known hnrdleracer, but £66 being the highest bid he waB returned to his box. The acceptances for the Adelaide Cup, and the entrances for three other races at the South Aus tralian Jockey Club Meeting is May next, appear elsewhere, and are very good. But there must surely be some mistake as to the acceptances of Rambler, J uanita, Irish King, and The Ace for the Cup, as it has been understood for some time past that none of these were going. The entries for the Melboarue Hunt Clnb Autumn Meeting, which were made on Wednes day, are very encouraging, and, given a fine day, we will have a great gathering on the banks of the Saltwater River on the Queen's Birthday; and the clnb will, it is to be hoped, reap a substantial benefit, and provide a consequent amount of good sport across country throughout the winter. Hotspur and Brownie are the only first-class nags entered for the Hurdle Race. No less than seven teen have entered for the Maiden Cbase, Brownie. Dutchman, Sulphur, and Statesman being the only ones of which mnch iB known. There are a dozen in the Handicap Steeplechase, including Narcissse, who has revived again/ Babbler, The Monk, Royston, and old Ingleside. It will be remembered that at the last Wocdend races, protests were lodged againit Hotspur and Topper, the first and second horses in the Maiden Plate, as they were not maidens in ' accordance with the conditions. This havitg been proved to the satisfaction of the stewards, they hate de cided on disqualifying both hirses, and have awarded the stakes to Cruiskeen who finished third. At the same time they dismissed the protest againBt Winning Widow for the Consolation Stakes. The steamship You Yangs, wilich arrived from Sydney last week, brought blck Lapdog, who was looking but little the worse for his trip, and it is stated that there is some probability of his being sent over to Adelaide, to fulfil his engage ments there. . f Owing to the inclemency >f the weather, the stewards of the Heidelberg racss have decided on postponing their races till Sattrday next, the 4th : of May. . . . A meeting of the committee of the' Flemington .Hunt Club was held yesterday afternoon, at Goyder's Victoria hotel, whin it wasdecided, owing to the. postponement rifi 'the Heidelberg Races, also to put off the opeiing day of the hUnt till Saturday, the 11th Mhy, when the hounds will meet at the kennels at 2 p.m. sharp. It was also decided to hold a steepleohas meeting on Separation Day, the 1st of July. Theorograrom was not decided upon, but yrdtih all probability consist of a Maiden Steeplechase, a Hunter's Stake, a Corinthi%r Hurdle Race, and a couple of selling j umpingraees. The club hare fixed on an excellent dy/w the meeting, and should owners of horsftr respond liberally to their invitation, mid tit plark of the weather be on good behaviour, the result should be a considerable augmentation of their funds. It is proposed to confine the Hunters Stakes to horses that hare never won, or even run for, a steeplechase, which I regard as a most sensible innovation, most of the so- called Hunt Caps having been principaly oontested for by u horses that had barely been out with the hounds three times." The cricket season may now be said to be fairly over, and a glance at the state of the pastime, even by a turf scribe; may not prove out of place. The game has certainly token afresh start the last year, principally owing, I imagine, to Mr. A. IS. OlarkeV brttliant idea of "the Cup which Challengeth/' now once mote in the safe custody of the M.O.O. Every match for the trophy played during the past season was stoutly con tested, and the interest token in all' toe games by the outside neMdingly greaft, totonfimtftg in the Interoolonml, when toe poer thbw made by our Sydney visitors was veiy disappointing. To « keep the 'game alive," tht tdto hto entered the heads of Mtoer. Hammers toy and Wardill that the time has arrived ft adrift tff another English deven--mafoo?6,4£p6eribls. X am afraid, however, that the epeoalfcfcion will hkve little charm for moneyed mem Things te not as they used to be, when Carpenter jahd gave us a taste of their quality as batsmen; and when Tinsley trundled down the Victorian wickets like ninepins One thing I believe, and that firmly, is that eleven gentlemen of England togld find their match ihere, even if that grtot run-getter W. G. Grace I do think Allan would sti/Jr a bit. No doubt Old Eneknl) Mm colonial bounce ; bnt thon' 'ou lSl can never see further thau tE d honour of their country U brf »C| think none of our horses woniii l hl®1 mother count,,, and wherever they meet on a I colonial animal always rules the ? A I no doubt with cricki T % W.wa. a young man juTSi came, and Conway a grammJ J'Witi!! ! had a deal to learn in the Pvcrofrif1 hZ. importation wm a nonpareiL steadily progressing since thsn J! Sfe I many imported players with ieSd 1 turn out not a whit better thas >t< 1 colonial artiele. Mr. E. S.C«rte 1 Unirersity, wm to hare been a mil ,<f« i decent score was all he got. to I greatly whilst here, andshowfc l went back to Gloucester. Mr reckoned I believe one of the England, is no better than some oi?aatBl,ft io Victorian eleven, and yet Boms persist ihat it is impossible have players here Hke then, ! home. Why not? Do we not ail enri. P $ '' same stock? Does not the Bame AnekR 0111 Norman blood flow in our veins P players devoted the same attention to !tnot 0D' There is no reason at all why our nW ' not be as good, further than thattW to choose from at home; but then J a® cannot come, and if the professional rf altogether excluded, the selection Biiii®?1" indeed. I think that as the bowling of ft4 tlemen of England is considered to be h? j that it would not be a fair test, unl J v ' Shaw, Freeman, or Southerton accomDany!l!l, However, the promoters will in all I to all this, and the only suggestion ?2 \l "I them is to start a limited fiabiHtv b I capital £5,000, in £5 shares. N0 doX? 1 would ail be taken up amongst toSj» I community ; the risk would not be J. 4 and lovers of the game would be cotWlS 1 smaller profits than a body of speculates f , Tasmanian Tube Clttb.A epeciai B Jh mg of the members of the Tasminian M Club was held at the Interoationl U'f Launceston, on Wednesday last, fot purpose of considering the desirability o! an Autumn meeting. There was warier! i discussion, the members present being erimtl, divided as to the propriety of holding a meet® of the kind under the auspices of the club. I® mately a resolution was moved that an Anfe® meeting be held on the Mowbray course, toe® off on the 24th May and following day. Totli an amendment was moved that if an independa: i committee of stewards chose to arrange as At J tumn meeting, the club would lend its priraaii | and support, but that it declines is | responsibility. After discussion the wri J ment was put and lost Another amendmei 1 was then moved to the effect that the 1| manian Turf Club is not at present in a pouti a to undertake an Autumn raee meeting. X m amendment was also lost, and the original k lutian being pat was carried. The meeting iff separated. An immediate meeting of the esf \ mittee of the club was held, whh a lieif j arrange the programme, and carry out the met / ing. We understand, however, that the cooiit / could not arrive at any decision on tim por" They proceeded to consider toe prognose c races for 1873, which was fiually settled, sod vil be shortly advertised. An adjouxsmest wi then made until Tuesday evening.-GW | Chronicle, i- THE BETTING MASEEh The speculation over the Randwick Ito || politan and the Melbourne Cup still cmtisw. | and the various books are filling fastatl/)061i3 || The double over the Randwick Derby aid 11 politan also finds plenty of customers, at jw 1 ranging from 500 to 5 to 500 to 15; hiss 3 Argus Scandal aud King of toelkaingfto principally asked, for the blue ribbon, hta ;J Bendigo double. Hurdle and Steeplfljahir® J of business has Keen done. BrowniesndlfKk® a Brownie and Royston, and Brownie aid g are so much fancied that the price of iB how from 100 to 8 to 10, acoording of the books ; 100 to 3 to 5 can be haa j aipabBt any thing else. > Right ou busmess doing. For the Hordle Race, Bwf Jg is quoted at 3 to I ; 100 to 12htabe» K£!C about Polka, and 100 to 10 Mphk reigns supreme in. the Hurjkjw || 1\. a hdiht more heinff obtainable abodw' ;1 Owing to toe absence of > portion jBy at the HinepT Nadto, tore has bee me at the w Limnge". toe last two days. »d ; The Monk find Brownie and Roysten sh %0 all the rage for Bendigo, although W .yfao toe ttrdfo Race, For the Adelari«Cup»' has been supported at 5 to 2, and nut , -I || 2 to t could nbsrlte obtained. demand at 5 to 1, and a few ponnf been put JtoeM toe imm , DntchmaU is in bad odour, and it a n0. that Saladin will be toe only Tictoran fflSfWa sentative at the meeting of the , Jookej Club. f ££ 