VICTORIA. [Trom our own Correspandent. 1 Melbourne, November 26. The surmise that the Legislative Council, after passing the second reading of the Educa tion Bill, would not materially alter, the measure in Committee has so far proved a correct one. Notwithstanding the fact that a formidable array of amendments had fyeen prepared by one of the members, progress was made as far as the 10th clause without any alteration of conse quence. Mr. A'Beckett* made an unsuccessful attempt to introduce the authority of the heads of the denominations in the matter of the dis posal of school property, and the only amend ment carried was to the effect that it shall be mandatory on trustees to apply the proceeds of the sale of school lands for the pur poses of the denominational body beneficially interested. The Mining on Private Property Bill has come to grief through the disagreement of the two Houses. The Select Committee ap pointed by the Council to report on the subject, recommended that the resolutions sent up from the Assembly should not be approved of, but that the amendments of the Council should be insisted on. A message to this effect was sent to the Assembly, and the necessary result was that the Bill was laid aside. With the exception of the Education Bill, the Council have made quite a clearance of the Paper, the Market Laws Amendment Bill having been thrown out, and the Bills comprised in the following more or less interesting and intelligible list duly passed through all their stages, viz.:—Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister, Patent Statute Amendment, Heal Statute Amendment, Draw backs Bill, Master-in-Equity Bill, Church of England Bill, Juries Statute Amendment, Public Health BQ1, Diseases in Stock, Gun powder Bill, Administration of Justice Amend ment Bill, Game Act Amendment, Debentures Conversion, and the Agent-General Bill. Further progress would have been made with the Education Bill, but on Thursday both Houses, after a very short sitting, adjourned out of respect to the memory of the late Hon. Robert Tiirnbull, a member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, the news' of whose somewhat sudden .death reached the Houses on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Turnbull was a very old colonist, haying landed in Port Phillip upwards of 32 years ago, and was long known and respected as a merchant. He was the founder of the township of Port Albert, and was elected as representative of Gipps Land on the separation of Victoria from New South Wales, and was a member of the Legislative Council from 1864 till his decease, and though not a speaker earned for himself the respect of the country by his consistent voting. He was also a prominent member of the Presbyterian body, having been for 30 years a trustee of Scot's Church, Melbourne. Sir. O'Shannassy met with rather a serious accident on his way home after the adjourn ment. He was entering one of the omnibuses when the horses suddenly started, and the-hon. and portly member was thrown violently to the ground, and the result will probably be that the next few clauses of the Education BQ1 will be got through more rapidly than might otherwise have happened. it appears that there has been some consider able doubt as to the status of certain-Germans who have come across from South Australia and settled in the Wimmera District. #n reply to a question in the House, the Solicitor-General stated that aliens who were naturalized in other British Colonies were not, as a consequence, naturalized in this colony, though the fact of previous naturalization greatly simplified the matter. An alien naturalized in your colony would only have to produce his certificate and identify himself as the person named in it: but as this would entail considerable trouble expense to a man in an out-of-the-way region, it w intended to adopt some method to simplify the matter. Sir Alexander Cockburn's comments on the subject. of the Geneva award have been read with interest here, as our fair name has been somewhat bespattered in tha_Shenandoah busi ness. The arbitrators decided -by a vote of three to two that the ^British Government are liable for the acts committed by the vessel after leaving Melbourne. The ground of this judg ment appears to be that a number of the crew was clandestinely augmented by men from our port. It is admitted, however, that our Govern ment did all they could to prevent any breaches of neutrality, but committed the crime of carrying out what is everywhere recognised as the only rule of official conduct, viz., to Elace reliance on the word of a commander, a addition to this, there is merely the colour of a supicion that the police were not sufficiently vigilant. Bather scant reasons one would think for mulcting a nation to the tune of some millions of dollars. It looks very much as if the gallant commander of the Shenandoah had been vaingloriously piling on the agony as to how he managed to " ao" the Victorian authorities. Wo have just had a glimpse at the other side of the affair in a letter from a gentleman who was at the time Traffic Superintendent, in which he declares that Captain Waddell complained most bitterly to Viiw» of the " inhospitable and unfair" treatment he received from the Ministry of the day. We shall have to look out for the honour_ of cur colony, for in the matter of the Polynesian barbarities also it appears to have been called in question at home. The injustice of this will be seen when the facts of the case are made known. As the result of rigid enquiry it is found that the Carl left this port with a freight of horses and a general cargo, and that there was no sus picion of the infamous traffic in which she was afterwards te be engaged. And it was not till after the cargo had been discharged, and a ''labour cruise" licence had been obtained from the British Consul at Fiji, that the atrocities were perpetrated. The matter was brought before the House last week, and the Government have been and are still doing all they can to remove the stigma that has been cast upon us. As soon as the murders were made public offers were made to the New South Wales Govern ment of co-operation in bringing the guilty parties to justice, and detectives were set here to find out if any Victorians were implicated. As a result, two young men named Mount and Morris have been arrested, and will be arraigned this week upon a charge of murder upon the high seas. Dr. Henry Mount, the father of one of the accused, has written a pathetic letter in defence of his relative, stating that he was unwittingly dragged into connection with the affair, having taken a passage in the ordinary coarse on board the Carl; and that he made what resistance, he possibly could to the murderous intentions and efforts of the " white livered scoundrel" Murray. Apropos of this, a deputation fiom the Poly nesian Company have just waited oh the Chief Secretary for the purpose of advocating the annexation of Fiji to Victoria. . This step was taken under the belief that a despatch had been received from the Earl of Kimberley, in which the right of annexing Fiji was conferred on Victoria. It was stated that the - despatch arrived in Mr. Duffy's time, hut the present Government had never heard of the document before, and on enquiry it was found that neither the Governor nor the Under Secretary had any recollection of it. Under these circumstances, the whole matter is held over for the present. _ The Argus of yesterday states that informa tion has been received through a private channel from your colony to the effect that the several Australian Governments are considering a proposition to hold the proposed Conference at Hobart Town; that your colony and Tasmania are favourable; and that the settlement of the matter depends upon the reply of the New Zealand Government. No doubt it would be pleasanter for Victorian delegates, under existing circumstances, not to have to beard the New South Wales bear in his own den, and it might be hoped that the tone and temper of the Conference would be improved under the influence of the cool atmosphere and beautiful | surroundings of Tasman's fair isle. It was rather provoking that there should be a break in the telegraphic line just at the very time when the ghost of a startling rumour required "laying." After the -short suspense we were, considerably relieved to learn that the reports about the Gladstone Ministry and, the money crisii^were but the sensational weavings of some restless brain. Pretty strong language has been aimed at the devoted head containing the said brain—enough to have a deterrent effect. But it seems we must expect to be startled every now and then with flashes of the sort, and this will no doubt tend to keep up our interest in the cable. The latest is to the effect tl&t; M. Thiers had been superseded .by Geperals Chargarnier and FAdmirult; but the report has not been corroborated, and is probably merely an exaggerated outcome of the present crisis at Versailles. Amongst the reliable items received maybe noted the sad intelligence to Bis Excellency the Governor of the loss by death of two brothers-in-law—Lord Hastings and Henry Thompson, Esq.; and also the news that the rank of Earl has been conferred upon him. The Secretary of the Queen Insurance Company here has received a telegram to .the effect that Boston fire losses amount to £70,000, and that claims have been duly settled. The Peebles-cam-Dunn speculation bag not proved a success. The lectures have been poorly attended, and the Press have been very rough on the " Seer." Mr. P. has accordingly descended to low abuse, and his latest efforts have been to rake up strong epithets to throw at the Press and what he calls the " white- chokered" fra ternity. " Dr." Dunn declines to do the kerosine trick for £5, and shuffles out in a letter which' the Daily Idegraph cruelly prints verbatim. The "independent clairvoyant" talks about "addage," " opertunity," and " infalibility," and one can't help wondering why he doesn't arrange with the willing spirits for an ortho graphical miracle or two to be performed on himself. Theatre-geers were glad to welcome back the Boyal company last night in the comedy of " School." . After two nights of Miss Rosa Evans in the character of Hamlet some more of the " legitimate" business will be relished. The theatrical critics did not at all approve of the Hamlet performance, and Miss Evans on Satur day night rated them in most womanly fashion, darkly hinting at what she would do if she were a man, and insinuating that favourable criticisms have to be bought—an action that she scorned. For the honour of the Press it is to be hoped that the charge is groundless. At the annual meeting of the Religious Tract Society, held yesterday, when the name of Judge Pohlman was proposed as a Vice-Presi dent, the Chairman (the very Bev. the Dean of Melbourne), in a very delicate manner referred . to the fact of certain painful rumours afloat in reference to_ His Honor, and suggested that under the circumstances his name should be removed from Hie proposed list. This was unanimously agreed on. Judge Pehlman has for many years taken an active part in religious and moral movements, and been respected for his upright and consistent conduct. It appears^ however, that now in the "sere and yellow leaf" period the charms of a pretty housekeeper have proved too much for the grave and solemn Judge. All sorts of versions of the scandal have been rife for some time, and it is now reported that His Honor, having married the fair enchantress (to make matters all right), is about to take a year's leave of absence for the purpose of spending a calm and undisturbed honeymoon in the old country. , Melbourne, Tuesday, December 3. The "beginningof the end" has come at last. The members of the Upper House " froze on" to the Education Bill in right good earnest last week,-and the result is that the measure will make its reappearance in «the Lower House this evening, so that the prorogation may take place before this week is out, a consummation most devoutly wished for on all sides. As anticipated, the-.Bill passed through the Com mittee ordeal without being shorn of any of its essential principles. Ithad one very narroweseape, though, on Tuesday night. The clause providing for purely secular instruction by the teachers was thrown out by the -casting-vote of the Chairman; but on the recommitment of the Bill next evening the House reconsidered its action, and by a majority of two restored the omitted clause. An addition was made, how ever, to the effect that permission should be fiven to ministers and laymen of the various enondnations to impart religious .instruction in the school buildings on certain days, and at hours other than those used for secular instruc tion. Arrangement is also made that the Boards of Advice shall be elected not by the Minister of Education, but by the ratepayers in^ the districts, as in the case of Shires, Road Boards, &c.; But the alteration that will give rise to the most discussion, and perhaps necessitate a Conference, is the effect that the regulations made under the Act by the Governor in Council shall have the force of law " until disallowed by either House of Parliament." This loolp very innocent, but an important principle is involved in it. In many of our Acts of Parlia ment a great deal is left to after regulations, and considerable objection has been taken to the power thus given to Ministries to play fast and loose with the measures. At the same time it is not to be expected that a Government will readily part with what has so long been looked upon as a rightful prerogative, and may possibly prove an easy and legitimate road to popularity. The Council took a somewhat similar step in the Diseases in Stock Bill, and the Assembly sent back the amendment altered to " both" Houses, which the Council would not accept. It is not very likely that lie Assembly will approve of the amendment ; but if the Government give strong assurances as to the character of the regulations that will be framed, it is possible that the Council may agree to waive their view 01 tne maxxer. The members of the Assembly have amused themselves principally by passing some more Estimates and pitching into several unfortunate civil servants by way of pleasant variety. Some interesting items are included in the expendi ture voted. There is £41,000 for the completion of the Alfred Graving Dock, to which special • interest attaches now that Melbourne is likely to be visited by large mail steamers in connec tion with the new postal service. Then there is £20,060 for the Parliament buildings—a mo3t seasonable outlay, as all who have seen the gaol like eyesore at the top of Bourke-street will readily admit. Also £20,000 for buildings to be erected on the foundations in the Treasury Gardens, which have for a long rime excited the wonderment of passers-by, and which were laid some thirteen years ago at a cost of £30,000. At present many Government departments carry on their work in rented offices in different parts of the town, and it is proposed to cen tralize these in the one large, building, while the interest on the sum expended will not ex ceed the amount now paid for rent. The other items are £20,000 for Supreme Court, and £80,000 for Yan Yean water supply. Provision has also been made for the expenditure of some £356,0G0forthe purpose of water supply through out the colony, for Government works, and loans to country districts for their own work. Some hesitation was felt in deciding to spend any more money on the Sandhurst and Caastle maine works (Malmesbury Dam), in which a sum of over two millions has already been sunk, as it looks very much like throwing good money after bad. Tins view is supported by the fact that Colonel Sankey, the Indian engineer, in re porting on our water supply expressed his opinion that the . real blunder in the Malmsbury ■ fiasco was in having the works at all, as they were not really needed; and the. miners and people in the neigh bourhood have shown that they have no inten tion of supporting the scheme. The Govern ment believe, however, that by the proposed further outlay the whole work will be rendered reproductive, so that the money already spent wul not not have been entirely thrown away; £153,000 was accordingly voted for the purpose. The officer whose case first came under con sideration was Mr. Duncan, the Inspector General of Penal Establishments, against whom Mr. Duffy made a series of charges some time back. These had reference to several-matters of discipline in the department, and were partly based on statements made by some of the "poor prisoners." The Chief Secretary Mr. Duncan's reply to the charges forM^j - Duffy's special benefit, and the House expressed itself as perfectly satisfied with the explanation of the Inspector-General, and the papers have been accordingly jubilant at what they rfefc down as one more instance of the unreliableness of the "recluse of Sorrento." One of the charges had reference to the employment of prison labour for private purposes, and an _hon. member has gone in for a tu qwoqvue., by giving notice of motion for enquiry as to alleged "misappropriation of Government property in the shape of trees and plants and Govern ment labour" in connection with the Ex-CMef Secretary's private residence. Of course nothing •will come of the motion. Mr. Wardell, the Inspector-General of Public Works, was the other officer attacked, the charge being re ceiving money for private practice as architect in the erection of several Roman Catholic churches, and the explanation given was to the effect that special permission had been granted for the purpose. A Select Committee is to be appointed this week to draw up an address to the Governor in view of his approaching departure* Your new water-supply regulations appear to be exceptionally stringent. We could hardly reach that length here. There was the greatest opposition to a Bill attempted to be brought in this session to do away with all watering of' gardens, and so forth ;and there has been some talk of regulations similar to those issued in the very dry_ weather last season, but after the very large rainfall we have had lately and through out the year, we are not likely to hear of any thing of the sort for seme time. Rather a sensational report on the subject of the Yan Yean has just been published, which had: it not been rather stale, having been written * some ten months ago, would have caused' a good deal of excitement. It was written to order by a rather eminenfCivil Engineer, and is to the effect that at the time of writing • there was only 30 days' supply in the reservoir. Bat it appears that the* C.E. got into a muddle somewhere, and that there has never been any cause for alarm, seeing that at the lowest depth ever reached the reservoir still contained a supply that would last for seven months without any further rainfall. an«i wUt, ~ consumption of ten millions of gallons a day. The volunteer interest seems to be thriving well. The Victorian Rifle Association had a very brilliant meeting at the Town Hall last week for the distribution of prizes won at th© recent matches. In the absence of the Governor, - on account of hi3 recent bereavement, th© Treasurer (Mr. Langton) distributed the prizes, which amounted to the large sum of £755, and it was stated that greater interest than ever had been taken in the matches, and that the shooting had been of a very superior order. The poor Dean has been very much rated by our virtuous Press for his action at the Tract Society. Lack of Christian charity is the charge, but I fear that the "want to know you know" propensity has had more to do with it." Tho fact is the Dean is of a most quiet and peaceable disposition, and if he blundered it was in doing what he firmly believed to be his duty. The Society itself is the only interest likely to suffer through the unfortunate affair. Nothing more has come out, but another version of the story is that Judge Pohlman married bis young domestic (by name Mercy) out of gratitude for ber kind ness in nursing him during a severe illness—a case of "Justice and Mercy kissing one another," a most delightful and appropriate combination. The first important cricket match of the season was concluded on Saturday, and resulted in the South Melbourne (Emerald Hill) Club carrying off the Challenge Cup, after a signal victoryovertheMelbourne Club. Thelatterisvery weak this year, Sam Cosstick the professional being their only strong point. The South Mel bourne are very strong with Conway, and the coming "»an in the cricket world—Allen—the • great left-handed bowler; and the next Cup match with East Melbourne (Jolimont) is looked forward to with great interest. A very impressive sight was witnessed in the Town Hall on Saturday afternoon. It was a gathering of some 40 Sunday-schools, under the auspices of the Victorian Auxiliary Sunday School Union, and was a long way the largest saffair of the sort that has ever been held in the - colony. Every inch of room was taken np, and it was estimated that there were crammed into the ball not less than 5,000 scholars, and 1,000 - adults teachers and visitors. Organ recitals and speeches were given, and the united singing of the 'American Sacred Songster's' hymns was successful and inspiriting; and when the immense concourse rose, and as with ^ one < mighty voice joined in singing the National Anthem the effect was grand in the extreme. 