HOW THE BING TJEttCK IS DONE. This trick, although for many yEare an use among wizards, is -certainly not to be discarded -on account of its age, since it is capable of affording considerable perplexity to the beholders and . amuse ment to the performer, both of which arise from its extraordinary simplicity 5 And the only means of solving the diffi culty as to how it is accomplished, is the way it is done, and for the beholder to imagine any other method would be to travel in a totally different direction for its solution. Take, for example, eight rings of about twenty-two inches in cir cumference, made of iron or steel, and for appearance have them nicely silver plated, three of which must be joined one in the other so as not to come apart ; two more in the same manner, then two single rings and one, the trick ring, to have a spring opening, such opening to be of a similar kind as that on a watch guard swivel ; these being obtained the per former will lay aside the one called the trick ring with the others, excepting the two single rings, which he will hand to the andience for inspection ; the com pany being satisfied that they are per fectly sound and free from any trickery. The performer will then take the whole of the eight or more rings in his hand, and will separate the trick ring and double rings, that is the two rings (should he choose those in preference to the others to commence with), and holding the trick ring in front of him, and above his breast, and one of the two rings that are tied ot locked one in the other in his left hand, will place them side by side, taking care to keep his thumb over the split part of the trick ring, to hide the opening from the view of the spectators, and pressing one part of the solid ring against the spring part of the trick ring, will, by drawing the hands apart, join the wnole together, thus he will have three rings in one line ; he may then disconnect the tied rings from the trick ring, and join the three rings that are tied together to the trick ring, whereby he will have made a string of four, and then may connect the previous two, which will in all make six — while so connected he will be able to form several pretty devices, by changing the rings about into various positions ; having exhausted the number of shapes into which the whole, being together, may produce, he will then take one of the solid rings connected with, the trick ring in his left hand, and the two solid con nected rings in his right hand, and give the latter to some person in the room and desire him or her to hold up with the left hand the two rings so that one of them shall be hanging down, and with the right hand spin the lower one round, and then, following his example, hold both the rings up for the purpose of separating them, in which, of course, the party in the audience will not succeed in doing, as the rings in his or her possession are welded one into the other, but which he, the operator, succeeds in effecting by having, in the manner before described, joined together, by means of the 6plit in the trick ring ; thus the affair is managed at all times to the bewilderment and amusement of the spectators. — The Wizard, by H. B. Wiiton. UirsKiLFUL Fabming. — One man suc ceeds best in one particular line, and another man in a quite different one. But the truth is that few persons succeed in a single speciality, and these few come up to that speciality by degrees from the common level of general farming. . The best farm for an unskilled farmer to buy is a tract that will support a few cows, two or three horses, a few pigs, and a gang of poultry, for the first year. From this, as a basis, let him expand his sys tem in any direction in which he is drawn by the advantage of his situation. He may become a stock-breeder, or he may snbside into a small fruit cultivator, or a grain farmer, or he may greatly in crease his stock, and make most money from sales of butter and milk. Let him begin in a small way, and follow the track that his own abilities or inclination prompt him, or natural advantages of soil or situation point out as most profit able. There can be no doubt that strong and permanent meadow land, yielding, say, at the rate of two tons of hay per acre, gives more profit, with less risk and less outlay for labour, when devoted to dairv nnrnnsfts. tJinn unv nr.Tier Kr&«f»Ti nf farming. Improvements in tools have done much for the hay crop, and even inex perienced and clumsy farmers can hardly fail with ordinary industry to master the difficulties of a hay-field. It is easier to keep up the fertility of a meadow than of a grain field. Such mineral and con densed manures as lime, ashes, plaster, and bone dust will make restoration to meadow hinds and enable their owner to constantly improve his farm. Both to cart hay to market and restore nothing to the meadow is ruinous policy. In at tempting to work without grasses the farmer is lifting without a lever ; he is pulling a load on the hind wheels ; he is cutting with a dull saw j he is chopping with a broken axe. With grass as a basis, grains, fruits, roots, quantities of flesh — all the triumphs of firming are possible. To sum np, we would say to all who propose to bny a farm, look snarpiy into its capacity to grow nutri tious grasses, and learn what means may be available for fertilising such meadows. You may convert that grass into milk and its products into flesh, into manure for grams, or you may sell it by the ton, according to the facts of your particular locality. A TUpttctht. Difficulty. — One of onr Baptist * contemporaries is agitated by a ' clerical trick' which is said to have been played by a Methodist minister, down in Pennsylvania, upon three ladies who desired to be baptised by immersion. TMr request the clerical offender readily granted. Taking the candidates one by one down into the water, he immersed them without speaking a word; but, upon raising them to their feet, he took water In his hand and sprinkled their heads saving x ' I baptized you in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' The trick was doubtless a very mean one ;but it raises a nice piece of ecclesiastical casuistry. The complaint is not that these candidates were not baptized enough, but that they were baptized too much. The slight sprinkling which they received alter their submersion served wholly toinvalidate the efficacy of the plunge ! Or, perhaps it -was the pronunciation of- -the .-formula after, rather then. before, the juajor balneation wMchconstituiestheheresy ! Thequestion is utterly bewildering. . And it is mot Hie greatest of the Vliffi«ilr5«-B with which this subject is environed. Here, for example, is another problem, by which so sound a Baptist theologian as the editor of the Religious Herald,- of : Rich mond, confesses that he is puzzled. A coloured convert and his wife - wanted to be baptized together. Both of them being of full stature, the minister was em barrassed about complying with their request ; therefore lie took the good- wife first and went down into the water. On lifting his hands to pronounce tiie baptis mal sentences, he sawrthe husband had: followed him, and feat he stood, with eyes uplifted listening tii the apostolic formula. At the moment when the wife was im mersed, the husband plunged himself into the water, and, : rising, with his wife, walked singing and shouting to the shore, iu the full belief that he had followed Christ into Jordan. Now the question is, whether this was or was not valid baptism. The Religious Herald, gives it up ; but some more learned philosopher may, perhaps, be able to answer it Yet let nobody speak rashly, for the problem is a momentous one, and an incorrect solution might upset the best system of theology in the world. — New York Inde pendeTit. Aethtcal Production of Raht. — Edward Powers, a civil engineer of Chicago, EL, has petitioned Congress for aid to enable him to test his method for the artificial production of rain. He wants to be furnished with 300 cannon of not less than 24 pounds calibre each, and 30,000 lbs of powder to fire in them, together with an electrical battery and other appliances, to enable him to dis charge all the pieces simultaneously. In support of his theory that rain can be produced by the firing of artillery, he gives a long list of battles, including nearly every important engagement during the rebellion, each of which was followed, he alleges, by a heavy rainstorm. — New York Tribune. Men Against Steam. — A most ex citing contest came off at Fort Rowan. two gentlemen made three bets, as follows : — First, that twenty picked men could hold the steam-tug Watchman, of 20-horse power ; second, that ten men could hold her ; and third, that twenty five men could stop her while under way, and the men to have 100ft. of coil to get under way. The tug lost in all three contests. Two minutes were allowed for each trial. The contest was witnessed by a large number of spectators. COOKDTG 'WITHOUT FlBE. — At the Paris Exhibition, in 1857, a curious box was exhibited in the Norwegian depart ment, which cooked food most admirably after the supply of heat was suspended. The box is, doubtless, one of great utility, and we are surprised that it has not been supplied in this market, by some of our enterprising ingenious arti zans. If carefully made, and offered at reasonable prices, these boxes would meet with a large sale. Almost any one can make the box after the following direc tions : — Take a box a foot Bquare, line it with successive layers of felt, leaving a round space in the centre large enough to hold the kettle customarily used for cooking food. Have a thick cap to co ver up the kettle after it is introduced, so that it is in the middle of a box, surrounded by a thick layer of a non conducting material When it is re quired to boil meat, it is only necessary to heat the kettle for a few minutes up to the required temperature, and then put iu iuuj uiu snug piace preparea ior it. Here the cooking will go on by itself as long as may be desirable up to certain limits, and the meat will remain warm for five or six hours. By having a series of these boxes, the dinner can be prepared at no expense save the original cost of starting the fire. A little expe rience will enable the cook to determine the length of time to leave the kettles in the boxes. It is easy to be inferred that the «ame arrangement will serve to keep ice-cream from melting, or substances from growing warm which have been previously cooled in ice. The value of the felted boxes, from a sanitary point of view, is to be found in the possibility of providing poor mechanics and labourers with warm food. By portable contri vances, it will be easy to keep food warm for some hours, and the advantages to poor workmen cannot be over-estimated. To the rich it also insures thoroughly cooked food, while even by them the economy will not be despised. Hujtaky Mutations in Cms a. — The Pekin Gazette contains an announce ment that for plainness is a model docu ment : — ' Chang Yun-hsing, colonel of the Wu- sung battalion, and eleven others belonging to different regiments, are to be promoted whenever vacancies occur, without regard to routine. Hwa Feng, lieutenant colonel of the Soochow and Sung-Mang division, and two others, are dismissed on account of old age and general infirmity, but not deprived of rank. Ting Jen-lin is degraded because of his physical weakness. Hsu Hsien chuen, captain of the Kiang-yin battalion, is cashiered, but not deprived of rank, on account of his slowness and stupidity. Wang Wen, major of the Hung-hu battalion, and ten others belonging to different ^battalions, are dismissed on account of obstinacy, stupidity, laziness, and cupidity. Mendicants. — The South London Press says that a woman called a day or two ago at a house in Dante-road, New ington, and solicited relief. The proprietor of the house happened to have some tickets of the Newiagton Belief Society, and offered her one, telling her that she should go to the office in file Walworth road. The woman took the ticket, turned it about, and said -it was no use going because it was too late in the day. 'Well, then, go to-morrow,' said the giver. ' Why, sir, how can I !' returned the beggar piteously j ' I shan't be here to- morrow. I only comes round this way once a week.' A strange device of fraudulent mendicancy is noted by the Globe. In Fleet-street a wretched- looking object stumbled and let fall in the mud some pieces of bread, uttering a cry of despair. It was observed that the pieces were carefully picked up, and the ex periment repeated about 100 yards further on. Beynold's Newspaper, an out-and-out democratic journal, says : — The Prince of Wales receives a pension of .£40,000 a year ; the Princess of Wales, .£10,000 a year; Prince Alfred, .£15,000 a year; the Princess Louise, £6000 a year ; Prince Arthur, £15,000 a year; the Duke of Cambridge, £12,000 a year ; the Crown Prince of Prussia, .£8000 a year, on ac count of his wife Victoria, the Queen of England's eldest daughter ; Prince Louis of Hesse, £6000 a year, on account of his wife Alice, the second daughter of the Queen ; Prince Christian of Schles wig-Holstein, .£6000 a year, on account of his wife Helena, the third daughter of of the Queen; the Duke of Mecklen burg-Strelitz, £0000 a year, on account of his , wife Augusta, the sister of the Duke of Cambridge and cousin to the Queen ; and Prince Teck, .£5000 a year on account of his wife -Mary, sister of the Duke of Cambridge and cousin to the Queen. . ' t 1 p literary men are looking forward with no little interest -to the appearance of a Work which Professor Owen has in the jpress. This^distinguished savant during aiecent visit to Egypt, discovered the: tables of the pld Egyptian /law. These tables contain 30 Commandments, and among the 30 are the Ten Command ments of the Mosaic decalogue. The others refer to such matters as the re moval of a neighbour's landmark. It would seem, therefore, as if ' the wisdom of the Egyptians' in which Moses was 'learned' included the 'Law' which is described as having been given amid the thunders of Sinai Proportional Representation.— It has often been objected that H re's scheme for the representation of minori ties was so snble and transcendental as to be beyond the reach of any but the most highly cultivated minds. The entire essence of the scheme, however, has been put forward by a Society in London, so as to bring it down tothe comprehension of ordinary minds. Here it is quoted literally from the Saturday Review : — ' To each constituency are to be assigned so many members as the constituency contains entire multiples of the quotient; and, if a place (being at the time of passing this Act a Parliamentary borough, and 'being by this act, or by a scheme made as hereafter in this Act mentioned, included in a country constituency) is found to contain a population exceeding or equalling three mnltiples of the quotient, it shall be constituted a sepa rate borough constituency.' There ! This is the whole scheme in a nut-shell, and any man who cannot understand it must be thick-headed indeed. A Swindler's Trice. — A Birmingham tradesman receives half of a £5 note, and an order for about £5 worth of goods, which he at once forwards, but does not receive the other half-note. No ; that has gone to another tradesman, and has brought the swindler £5 worth of goods. But tbe swindler, anxious to give as little trouble as possible, out of mere good-nature sends the second tradesman the address of the first, and advises them to divide the £5 between them. This they do, and meanwhile he is on his way to America, where his peculiar talent of making his money go twice as far as other people will stand him in good stead at present prices. Example. — Every man thinks himself, in one respect, of more importance in the world than he is ; but he is of more im portance in another respect, than he thinks himsel£ TTia influence and ex ample tell more than he generally sup poses, often even upon persons who seem but to regard riim little. The City of Veiled Women in Siam numbers 9000 inhabitants, all of whom are of the feminine gender. One thousand of these belong to F.F.S., and the re maining 8000 administer to their aristo cratic wants. Inthisfemininemunicipality female blacksmiths, jewellers, merchants, and manufacturers abound, and the Jack of-all-trades is a woman. The walls are guarded by female sentinels ; female policemen patrol the streets, and once a week female military, both horse and foot, perform their evolutions on a large parade-ground in the. centre of the town. An African letter reports a great victory gained by Ja-Ja over his old opponent Oko Jumbo. Ja-Ja's men executed and afterwards ate twenty-five men. Cannibalism is the rule after a battle — and during the last two months over 100 prisoners were marched into Opobo town, and there killed and eaten. A Western paper, whose subscription list has suffered from the evil of news paper borrowing, says : — ' Reader ! if you have borrowed the paper you are reading, don't do it again. Subscribe. It isn't safe to borrow papers. We once knew a poor, but honest man, who borrowed a paper, innocently and inad vertently, from a hitherto wholesome neighbour. Fatal act That terrible contagion, the small-pox, was conveyed insidiously in the fibres of that sheet Of that extensive and interesting family, a doting cither, a fond wife, several intellectual and heroic sons, thirteen lovely daughters, two popular mothers in-law, and three beautiful aunts — not one remained to tell the tale.' A new toy has just appeared in Paris. It is a teetotum 'with four sides, on which are inscribed the words, Legiti uioA;y, ^sneauisuj, .Duuapariism, ana Re public. The game consist in betting on the side which may turn up when the instrument has been spun. Mr. Horace Mayhew, one of the earliest contributors to Punch, died suddenly on April 30th, at Kensington. An obdurate screw nail may be drawn if a piece of red hot iron is put on the head of it for a minute or so, and the screw-driver immediately afterwards ap plied to draw it A man is often thirty years old before he has any settled thoughts of his fortune. It is not completed before fifty ; he falls a building in his old-age, and dies by the time his house in a condition to be painted and glazed. An old bachelor, who snpposed himself to be woman-proof, unexpectedly found himself caught the other day in the meshes of a hnuiette. 'Why dosen't your father take a newspaper V asked a man of a little boy whom he found pilfering one from his doorstep. ' Cause he'd rather send me to take it,' was the reply. What time by the clock is the best for a pun ? — A joke takes best just when it strikes one. A cynical bachelor suggests to us that many of the girls of the period are less facts than figures. Disraeli says, when a man reaches his anecdotage it is time for him to with draw from society. ' It is a solemn thing to be married,' said Aunt Bachel, a solemn spinster, to her niece. \ ' It is still more solemn not to be,' said the merry gixL ' Did I understand you to say,' said a .lawyer, cross-examining a witness, 'that your son worked on this farm ever since he was born V — ' Yes, sir.' — ' Please to state what he did his first year.' — ' He milked, sir.' How to 'tarn people's heads.' — Go late to church. How did Adam get out of Eden % He was snaked out Fashionable definition— What is sin ? Nothing that is not found out The total loss of sheep in Queensland daring 1871, occasioned by drought' and worm diseases is estimated at 836,321. —DaXby Herald. 