: , '?^JFRA3k!B. Mrrsic. The Theatre. -.Fashion. [By our own Correspondent.] Paris, January 27. Music. 'Le Roi Carott^.' — Tins fairy comic : opera, in four acts and twenty-four scenes, has for months been looked for ward to as an event. Offenbach, has sup plied the music, Sardon the words, and the writers on fairy subjects of every country the plot. Shakespeare furnishes a Robin Goodfellow, Hoffmann gnomes and sorceresses, and France the machinery changes. It is an amusing piece, with gay music — a great spectacular success. The manager blew his horn so well that for the first representation he was able to count some dupes who paid l.OOOf. for a box, and lOOf. for a stall, all of whom ultimately bemoaned their speculation. : The ' free list' was entirely suspended, the press ' not' excepted ; and this latter parsimony is likely to have for result — critics paying henceforth for their places and the public supplied with honest re views. The mounting of the play is said to have cost 300,O00f., although there are 400 houris, representing the vegetable kingdom, who vegetate upon a salary of twenty sous per night. Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream could never cost such a sum to be brought out. Sardon, so fertile in imagination, in whose dictionary the word impossible cannot be found, haB this time failed to produce any striking novelties. In the matter of transformation scenes there can be nothing new ; the public has long ago become possessed of their secret ; but in leading up an audience, to putting it on a level with the supernatural, good and appropriate dialogues and music are re quired. The present play has also deve loped the theatre of the future — those persons who believe France requires more robust amusement than extravaganza and buffoonery. Sir Toby replies^ — ' Dost thou think, because thou art virtuous, there shall be no more cakes and ale ?' Fridolin is a frivolous prince who aban dons himse'f to revels and ungodly glee, is drowned in debts, and driven awav by his subjects. His good fairy, Robin, - cannot save him from being dethroned, | bat can aid his return after being schooled by travel and adversity. To effect this end the unfortunate prince becomes a wanderer, and by means of Solomon's ring, which he finds, is ultimately able to work wonders. In addition to Robin there ista*princess disguised as a page, who forms part of his retinue. He visits Pompeii, the ants' republic, the insects' kingdom, and the head- quartera of monkeydom. Coloquinte is the wicked fairy who has been instrumental in exiling the prince, and, possibly to show her contempt, imposes on his subjects a king — a carrot — le roi carrotte — whose make-up in the role of Vaucus Carota would satisfy Xjinnseus himself. This new majesty is followed by parsnips, turnips, leeks, and cucumbers, with lobsters and other shellfish for a change, as retainers. His new subjects give him an ovation ; he is Carrot ' the Desired.' The fair sex is most demonstrative in welcoming the new arrival, and oh ! in constancy, the prince's affianced among theforemost. . She is fast, drinks, smokes,, sings, and indulges in small oaths ; but in the end terminates her days in a common singing saloon. Served right. The prince having finished his travels, , v proceeds homewards, a wiser and better ? man ;his rival returns to the place front whence he came — the kitchen garden; the other vegetables of course betaking themselves to their 'beds.' The prince, finding the page was only a true love in disguise, shares his throne with her. Ihe tableaux include towns with roy stering inhabitaants — old castles, next to real — palaces with hanging gardens, where Nebuchadnezzar would believe himself at home. But the picture of Pompeii is unique, wonderfully accurate and charm ing — it lives again ; there are its temples, monuments, streets, and shops ; its- : people varied and strange, moving to and. Ero as they did on the day of their inter ment under ashes and lava ; men of busi ness, wineshop owners, water-carriers^ sellers of beautiful fruit in handsome* baskets ; gladiators half-naked ; generals in their triumphal uniforms ; senators for whom the crowd respectfully make way ; courtezans in blond wigs ; the ghost of a tunic, seated in vehicles with tinkling: gold bells ; dandies in large purple hats, and clothes shining with precious stones ; soldiers with long trumpets, -slaves,, dancing girls, comedians, musicians play ing the double flute. It is Roman mari ners, costumes, civilization — PomneHasa every- day society — a faithful page afi Hia tory, which presents to our eyes \hs- splendors of eighteen centuries ago, torni from a tomb. . The insect kingdom is well improvised ;. it is ruled by princes, priests, aristocrats,^ plebs, filles de joie, artists, and soldiers — that buzz in merry sunshine ; natural -.' history has been scrupulously observed, , the color and dress as given to each insect . by nature being represented — as far as* young ladies can. Monkeyland supplies; every specimen of the ' man and brother tribe,' are very imitative, and are so ad vanced as to be able to read books, and! the latest telegrams from 'the mean whites.' The obtaining of Solotaoaa*sf ring in Pompeii involves the diss&oltxjin; of the enchanter; limb after limbyfecut off; by the prince ; ultimately the head,, which speaks as well as eve*— a feat any day to be seen for one sons at the fairs. There is a Provence dance, & farmidole, the partners in which waltz, serpentine fashion, into an inn, by the windows,, gallery, stairs, and out again, with tha:; enemies of Fridolin, who -held him pri soner. This coil quadrille was atsharmiitg success. r With a subject so vast iah'd various, the composition of appropriate music was no easy task, and consequently the score is yoluminpus. . The overture contains .a pretty waltz, and the chorus in the first act is pleasing. ' Bang Carrot's Polka '-- win De rememoered, and also the duet, V Roll, little ball/' The quintette sung in : the'Tuins of Pompeii cannot be too highly praised, as well as the trio for : three female voices. The bass song, ' * We come from the depth of Persia-' will be re gained among the crowd ;of ' successful iHorceauDc. The piece 'was well acted, sung, and danced, and will doubtless find its .. way to foreign tEeaJres $Eat~ xri&ylje; re gardless'of expense. 'Fantasio/* opera-comique in three acts, words after Musset, music by Offen bach. — Certainly Herr, or since lie has been naturalised, ' Monsieur ' Offenbach, ought to be tha happiest of musicians ; his operas ar,e as much at home in the chief cities of the world as in Paris ; at the present moment this is the third of his new compositions that Parisians flock nightly to hear, and in a few days lie will produce -another opera— Le Gorsaire Woir of which it is said he has written also the libretto.. . Since 15 y^ats.this composer has been a publicfavorite, said never has diminished in fame, except in the eyes of colleagues whom he lias left behind, and who, ceasing to model and equal him in studious application, deplore a vitiated taste on the part of those who laugh or weep at his melody. Jk Is by. incessant labor Offenbach has won his present position, and an income of 100,000 francs a year. When he was in abject misery he ever tried to better what he had done. He was at one time a simple violinist in the orchestra of the theatre where ' Fantasio'Ms now being represented — the second opera ' house in Paris. If he progresses as he is doing he may yet finish by being crowned at -the -3rand Opera. '1?an- tasio' is founded on one of poor Alfred de Mussett's -elegant nothings, but which he alone possessed the art to polish and make interesting. Unhappily the one in question left something to be desired, and a friendly hand has supplied the want. The story is founded on a Munich student who is followed by bailiffs, and, dreading to sleep at his lodgings, prefers a chance bed in the Prince's palace to the certainty of one in a prison. The Prin cess Elizabeth's fool is dead, and since folly must live, Fantasio dons the cap and bells, crosses the Prince of Mantua in his negotiation for the hand of the Princess, irreverently icnocks off the wig of the Mantuan Prince's representative, is thrown into prison, delivered, and loved by the Princess. He announces at last he is but a fool in disguise, &c.; Although this composition displays symp toms of labor—wants that spontaniety which is characteristic of Offenbach — -it is, nevertheless, a success. It - would { seem that he desired* to silence his de tractors by producing a .work , fall of melody, order, and distinction, superior to anything he has yet written. ' Having excelled in the eccentric school,, he is about taking a place at the semi-serious side of Auber, Adam, and Victor Masse.' The traces of his bouffe Vein are rare in ' JFantasio,' and, where found, 'appro- priate to the occasion. The first act is the best, and sufficient alone to guarantee success. The ' Student's Song' is a gem, and delicately ac companied by the first violins. Fanta sio's ' Ballad to the Moon' will become celebrated ; his serenade of the Princess, is full of soft melancholy; considering that serenades ?are at once common and difficult, the applause it received was merited, s The 'Students' Ghorus'; id full of clear and exquisite melody, the rhythm free, and the song is taken up in parts by each of four students as they retire, with a ' dying, dying, fall,' very picturesque and tmguial— recalling the school : of Mendelssohn .and Gounod. The elegance of the first act spoiled us for the second, and the composer in writing a grand, airfoir the cantairvce, Mdlle. Priola, is not so happy. The duet y between Fantasio and Elisabeth has more * of ashes than of flame. The finale recalls the author of the 'Grand. Duchess' a little. The third act happily recalls the first j there is a delicious duet between fantasio and the Princess, and the final tableau, the 'Fool's Feije,' is full o| life and. spirit, very musical, while rer for Melchissedic, who represented Spark, s student ; Mme. Oalli-Marie, as Fantasio, had a sympathetic role, and proved, as always, she was talented alike as singer and actress; Mdlle. Priola was the Prin cess, in most costly dresses, and cap tivated by the 'clearness of her well balanced voice, the carefulness and finish of her vocalization, j ' Mademoiselle Aisse' — drama in four acts, by the late Louis Bouilhet-^is founded, on an event of the eighteenth century and the corrupt court of the Prince Regent, when royalty amused it self, and a joke made at the expense of the ruling power exiled the author to his chateau or imprisonment in the Bastille ; when the salons were occupied with the loves and scandals of great ladies, who, at the Regent's court in the Palais Royal learned to lie, natter, and seek honest ^~ men for victims — -to-day a Cardinal, like Dubois ; to-morrow a President,- 'as ^ ELenault. The story of Aisse has been twice dramatised and truth sacrificed to the ideal She was a Circassian slave of princely family, bought in the market at; Constantinople : by the French Ambas-j sador de Ferriol, when only five years7 of , age. He sent her to Paris to be brought Tip under ihe care of his sister-in-law, a Mme. de Ferriol, and her sister, Mile, or Mme. de Fencin. It, is 'Uncertain what was the object of the Ambassador in. thus educating the beautiful child— whether. ;his Turkish manners intended ix- claim' pashalic rights oyer his slave when of. age. She might have been happier— fading her life away behind the gilded railings of the harem, with no other care than -to catch her toaster's eye and pick up his handkerchief. She resisted the; seduc-, tions of the -Regent, died at 40 yeaoLxaf age, having loved at first flight -Sie Ghevalier dJ Aydie -r- as ^a- sultana 'her «ultan— by 'Whom she had a daughter, ' so, little that the fault rmieht be over looked.' She' was gentle^cHarming, and ' intelligent ; esteemed by ^ybliaire for her excellencies^ and who *' pardoned her many virtues.' . The drama/ exhibits Aisse persecuted by her guardians, who were jealous at the revenue -allowed her by the Ambassador ; so she cancels the obligation by destroying the document . which guaranteed her income. She had now nothing to depend upon but the generosity of the two ladies — shadows in powder, rouge, lace, and ribbons. But she was loved by Aydie, who combined with an empty purse, a pure and chival rous affection. Cointe de Bre'court, de siring to dethrone the reigning mistress and to substitute one that would be out of gratitude his political creature, fixed upon Aisse', the 'beautiful Greek,' as she was callecl. r ^HeT made r pyei3ure.s_tQ lier1 guaJdia^s, ^^were^onfir- ;_^p{? Mppy to forward^ hls^henie^or^niB-^^j1 after all, only a procuress ^n high life, ^ancLher sister, la Fencin, 'a J3&..aSaia^ei! in1 petti coats. T^ey laboredV^o, Hissuade their victim to think no mor^ of Aydie ; such a 'marriage, with a slave, would, never be pardoned by his family in this world^ nor byf his ancestors in.' f&e; otter., ' She ; ig presented at Court— Stranger to ^he in trigue. This ib ihe third aGt— magnin- cehtly dressed in a ^Circassian costume, shining wiifti^gold, sparkling with, precious stones wMchenhance^herdazzJing&'eauty, she outers 'ihe shambles of virtue,'' 3?k8 Prince was*aptivated by this Peri: from the Oriental heaven— '-the Court hails her as the new mistress— but she was 'mad enough' to scqjritiaU tjier Regent's, Over tures^ Aydie attended this! ball also, ac companied by a Commander of Malta,, for, concluding Jljbs6 as lost, he -vowed himself to celibacy by joining that order; and wore .the '.black jpaaiatle and white cross. Encountering A&se;*, he upbraids her as being now rthe most despicable o£ slaves, and the poor creature, bewildered, flies. Meeting the -3omte de Bre'ebart£ he denounces his infamy, draws his sword, when his. chief taps him on the shoulder and leads him away, but not till Aydie curses the licentiousness of the Court and predicts the people would burn down the Palace, which was not. realised till nearly; two centuries later— viz., in May last by the Commune. The fourth act xepresents an inn where Aisse has sought refuge; she is writing letters of farewell to her friends, she refuses t6 eat — is dyingl Aydie has discovered '.. her* again reproaches her ^ she is too innocent to understand their nature^ and finally falls on her lover's breast, choking with tears. Alt this moment dBTBr^eoiirkenr ters with a,feft?:e_-fe Hckhet t6. throw A^rdie into the Pastille; , la \Fencin iollpwsj io earryoff ihe ((Httie foollqtibat Jras spurned the favors of the Regent. -J Aias^ swoons ; is lifted up' -a- '^corpse; - - A-ydie1 draws liis sword tokfll Jtiie ^ount, but rlusaCom mander appears, orders' him to sheathe the weapon,' and throws over his Subor dinate's shoulder 'the black mantle, that served; as a*hroudforjhis love. It is this sympathetic deiwu^nvedtthiai „ jbas most contributed to ihetiuccpss «f the piece. The costumes fcare-*9Stiy land. .splendid .; the scenery and accessories perfect.- Mile: Sarah T3er5aKar.cUf Iniberpreted' the diverse role of Atsad wiiin;' passion,; disgust, «3mp^ tion, tenderness, and;:jgrlef, iNey«r was her beautiful voice married to. more pleas ing verse— for the drama is in verse. The detestable character of la Fencin was re presented iiy Mlle/Cbl6mbver3 who saved all by heir beauty, . ?; -? \\\i '.,? TffEiTRES. ???-? '? '? No other new play of importance has been produced', but several are being rehearsed; There is an evident desire to allow the Offenbach fever to diminish. -Hitherto, Managers have been only feel|ngfthe:public taste, declining td run 'r. much -risk. Formerly,, a theatre hadv- its^,- clients/ who, rarely Yweht to ??? 'any -7ojther. house to seek amuse ment, unless, there was ' a piece ivith k ? cbsmopolitan ^celebrity; '[Now managers compete t6 draw a public from the four, .corners of .the 'city, taking chances for ^strangers and: provincials, pr«ducingjph«gtojfecai?, -with music apd ballets, a numerous ** figuration,7' *ieh' costumes, dazzling, decorations, artiste? expressly f engaged and on their own terms. E, In this risk-all speculationj failure ensues, the director falk back on used up successes. :; ^': ,- :: ' --J -L;. iVH*SfflS-H8?-.: 2 '???? .:T:--\ '?'; France, pjspper gives no. dancing par tiesWonly reeeptionB and dinners ;c it is foreigners1 %to.t-5ceep up the gaieties; At flie ^nibst' elegaii&t; soirees,' conse- ouently, even: as it is,: toilettes -of ', a Lew design are rare. However, for gene al wear, ri*h Snaterials -continue ? to be nore than ever in vogue, such as velvet, ;atin, and silk, and if a lady be not suit ibly dressed, the fault does not rest with ashion, but with her own questionable ,aste i; for never did fashion allow of so nuch latitude among her votaries as at he present moment. There appears to -e gradually creeping forward a disposi ibn to dethrone tunics and overskirts. Phe Louis X37'. train is becoming a avorite ; it', has ihe advantage; of mowing of endless variations without lameness. . An old .style is being ?jevived, that of laying the . skirts on the -ands in aathers, thrown^ of course, to; he back of the jupe. Felt cha-peavx ate; nofe ihan ever the ?age, especially for f oung persons'^ but^are only worn with a \ loth or cashmere -. dress, which : always! lonstitutes a ^toilette negligee. ? The cha »eau must be suited- to- the shade of the: Lress, . and «iinply ornamented with velvet -r feathers-^never flowers, as these and* elt dp not harmonise. . Black felt, is alto gether disdained.': I ihave. seen -a very ; iweet toilette for a: young person, com josed. of along tarlatane jupe with small jlaited ' 'flounces . ; . . tunic . of rose faille, rounded before and behind, raised at the sides by a large bow of rose .sating cor sage low, fwifli ajsmallplaifrof. whiter;tar-; atane arranged era ^er^fee, Mffi a Solitary bow of^ose^'atinintpont' of liiiecoraage ;; iieaddress— a single; rose, with a, train of Leaves and. jrosebuds' falling over 'the shignon; Very fashionable ladies, for motives of economy, patronise '? a' low Ba^saque.inyelyet, ^Worn^oyer. a black.br light- coiored jupe. , Nothing cajibp,mpre elegant than the prevailing taste for a tiinic 'of blac'^ velvet, ornamented with; liiiitfeiace, -gratefully gathered jr and la!l-; mauvg, or^^jpfjo^de^p?^ ^.visiting dress iimuch;: in nfavor consists of da training- robe- iai ? 'garnet 'faille, ior namented JbTBib*r '';5ri*bP .'^*P.B ' Miigei flouk^,, %urmoHia^l by. t^e sarn^ num ber 'of '' puff- plaits '; ^ cordage in* yejyet of same color, with pjiated basques trimmed with guipure ; lace epaulettes ; sleeves in /-wtte,; ornamented -a^ farras'ffi.e elbow' with six ^uff pla^tsJrjBaph|an inch: anda .half in wjdtt ; bonnet ^f , garnet' velyJeJ;,; with lace trimming,; feathers worn very high; falling :-a iittle~4b'jaieri;aidfe.- -^Wpv theatres, garnet satin is in request, with a jupe wiie';' corsage with long basques, forming vest before, puff behind, '_ with the basques, 4k side, pointed, and richly embroidered; the corsage - is further ornamented with . rich black lace, sur mounted witTi''a piping of garnet satin ; sleeves short and. puffed ; fanchon of lace, with coques and a bow :of garnet iaEnTatine sj.cle7abow of similar material MtfmSSgm, fanchon id -front. Two Icings of v^iti are. worn j one composed of a fteaS- pf embroidered tulle^ ' the other, perfectly Bquaref- with a lace border, en tirely enveloping the bonnet .; one corner falling' before; the other three draped behind over .the chignon. Young girls WQarjio head-dress, their youth and beauty being sufficient. The top-knot style of coiffure is becoming _a favorite; Gloves are still all buttons. . ' 