.... , SOUTH AUSTRALIA. V- -A 'Adelaide;- Wednesday. ' In connection witH' tke meeting 'of the Congregational Union, seven hundred pounds (£700). 'have-'. been subscribed towards a Congregational Ministers' Pro vident Fund. A telegram from -the Roper states that Mr Dillon Cox had arrived overland front Queensland, with fat stock and horses. It was expected. that large importations of stock from that quarter wonld follow any favorable account of the Roper given by Mr Cox. Tin-Kettling. — From discordant sounds heard in tho vicinity of Newtown last evening, it would appear that the barbarous custom of tin-kettling liewly- marrieil couples has' Hot yet become extinct in Beechworth. It is but just to state that the offenders were prin cipally small boys, headed by one or two of the species known as hobble-de-hoys ; it is a pity, however, that the effect of the concert waB not heightened by the aid of a horsewhip vigorously applied. The Hospital Concert. — We are glad to learn that the recent concert given in aid of the funds of the hospital at the Oddfellows' Hall, Locb-street, by the Stanley amateur.-, together with the dance that followed, have brought within a few shillings of £20 for the institution. The Stanley people manage pretty well generally when they do set about a thing, and this case was no exception to the rule. Like a Thunderbolt. — Yesterday morning about 8 o'clock, a wedge shaped lump of stone weighing some nine or ten pounds suddenly fell on the footpath in Ford-street, Beech worth, just in front of the Court House, with 1 such force as to penetrate tho hard ground I to a depth of six inches. Just before an un- I usually loud explosion had been noliced by a I number of people, but as blasting is constantly going ou at the gaol, no particular notice was taken. The stone in question must have I been projected from the quarry on the further side of the gaol to the spot where it fell — a distance of fully a quarter of a mile in a straight line. Tiie absolute distuuee tra versed by the mi-silc in its parabolic flight, must have been great iudeed ; a son of Mr J. D. Fisher heard the explosion just as he passed the Presbyterian reserve, and, walking on at an ordinary pace, had got beyond the Town Hull, when hearing a whizzing noise he turned, aud saw the stone fall so close to a girl who was passing— a Miss Clements, we believe — that the gravel displaced was thrown upon her dress. Coming with such velocity as it must have acquired during its flight aud fail, a direct blow from the stone would have beeu almost certaiu death to any one with whom it came in contact. It is certaiu that this daugcr, not. heard of nor illustrated by uuy meaus for the first time, must be put a stop to. Wc must not wait until some one I bos been killed to provide against it., aud yet it is difficu t at present to see what remedy can be provided other than stopping blasting altogether, which would be a serious loss to the country and an inconvenience to the local bodies. Iu tho present instance there seems ro be no one to blame. The bore ,vas properly made ; only three- quarters of a pound of powder, it is said, were used, and the blast was properly covered with slabs, heavy sap lings, How the stone couid have escaped as it did, and fl -v.'u right over tho top of the gaol, seemed to our reporter on visiting liie spot almost inexplicable. It tlid fa'.I, however, and that is all we have to do with. It is absolutely necessary that some still more careful scheme should be adopted aud enforced to make tho repetition of such an occurrence impossible. As we have said, wc can see no reason for attaching blame to any one. very strict orders are given as to the blasting operations, and these so far appear to have been properly carried out in this case, so that some new and decided step must be taken and made public, if all of us, men, women and children, arc not to go about the streets aud reserves at the risk of being killed or maimed by a projectile of which we ean have no warning, and which strikes before its approach is dreamed of. Giiatii'ude. — A day or two since, a man re- presen.iug himself to bo a miner in search of employment, called at one of the hotels iu Beechworth, and told guc'i a pitiful tale that the landlord — not by any means a bad Sama ritan— took compassion ou him, and gave him food and accommodation for tho night. In the morning, prior to his gue3t taking his departure, tho landlord asked him for a knife that he had lent him the evening before. The man denied all knowledge of the knife, but the landlord knowing that he ha i lent such an article, insisted on his turning oat his pockets, when, in addition to the knife, a pair of scissors and several other articles were disclosed to his view. A man of few- words, the landlord quietly led his guest to the door, aud sped him on his way by a well- directed kick iu the reur. Important Event. — An important event, being nothing less than the Red House ball, is announced to come off to-morrow (Friday). For the gratification of those whose curi osity may be greater than their topographical knowledge, we may state that the Red House is a spacious edifice in the Reid's Creek neigh borhood, where, to quote from the signboards familiar iu the days of our childhood, enter tainment is provided for man and beast. Better Late than Never. — A Chinaman named Chung Tok, resident near Wooragce, was wanted by the police in May last on a charge of a filthy character, but when ho was looked for ho was non est, nor could the utmost efforts of the police at the time dis- cover his whereabouis. They did net relax heir exertions, however, though they wisely kept them very quiet, aud it is be- lieved that they have now been successful. A few days since, in ihe remote regions of the Gibbo, Constable Markley met with a Mongolian who so strongly reminded him of a certain description in the Police Gazette, that, after carefully studying his expressive countenance, he arrested him, and took him to the Omeo lock-up, whence he was conveyed, via Snowy Creek, to Beech- worth gaol, at which quiet retreat he arrived on Tuesday. He will be brought up at the police court this morning, but will probably be remanded to allow of the witnesses being got together. Encouraging the Fine Arts.—Amongst the exhibits forwarded from this portion of the colony, that are certain to attract great attention both at the Melbourne and London Expositions, is a series of photographic views, executed to the order of the Oxley Shire Council. One of these views represents the members of the council, standing in majestic attitudes, some half-dozen re- representatives of the press, scattered round, with admiring awe depicted on their countenances, in front of the Emu hotel, where the council's deliberations are usually held. The fine forms of the coun- cillors, their highly-intelligent countenances, not to speak of the intellectual visages of the reporters, combine to make up a picture worthy of a place in any exhibition. Other views, scarcely so interesting, but certain to be highly appreciated—especially by the rate payers at whose expense they are provided— such as the president's house, back and front, make up the series, which has the rare merit of being interesting, instructive, and cheap, having only cost £25. Mr Barnes, of Wanga- ratta, had the high honor of preserving the likenesses of Oxley's representative men to posterity. Wodonga Bones Court.— At this court, on Monday, before Captain Brownrigg, P.M., William McKenjsie was charged with having disobeyed a summons issued by tho Flsmiug- toa bench ; defendant, who had been arrested at the railway works, Barnawartha, admitted that ho was the person named in the warrant i and he was remanded to Flemiugtou. A smal- debt case, set down on the cause list, was postponed till the lath iustaut. Medic il Board.— Another attempt is to be made by the Government to secure the appointment o£ ft Medical Board for the colOiiy. To this end the Chief Secretary has issued instructions to the chief medical officer to forward a circular to every medical practi tioner in the colony asking him to nomiuate duly qualified medical practitioners as' mem bers of the board. - Rutherglen Borough Council. — At the meeting of this council, on Monday last, there were present the Mayor, and Crs Shenstone, Booth, Mardling, Nott, Hamilton, Badewitz, Jacobs, and Reeve. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, a letter was read from the hon. secretary of the Wahgunyah and Rutherglen Branch Railway League, soliciting the sup port and co-operation of the council ; also stating that it was proposed to send a deputa tion to Melbourne, to wait upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary, for the purpose of urging the construction of a branch railway line from the Springs to Wahgunyah ; and, in order to render it as influential as possible, asking that a member of the council be sent to re present the borough ; and that, as the interest of the district was deeply involved in the question of a branch line, it was hoped that the council would respond favorably to the appeal from the league by calling a public meeting to elicit the opinion of the burgesses, at which the league wonld be happy to assist. Cr Jacobs thought that before the council sent a delegate to Melbourne a meeting should be called to test the opinion of the ratepayers on the subject. Cr Booth said that in ordinary cases he was opposed to spending the borough funds in deputations and such like, but he thought that the pre sent question was of such vital importance to the best interests of the district that in this case the money would be well spent. Crs Hamilton and Nott expressed an opinion to the same effect. Cr Shenstone said that the question of choosing a delegate was not before the couucil at present all that the league wanted was an expression of opinion from the couucil ; he should therefore move that the support and countenance of this couucil be accorded to the Wahgunyah and Rutherglen Branch Railway League. Cr Booth seconded tho motion, which was car ried. A letter was read from the District Surveyor, stating that the appiicatiou of the council for a town common would be con sidered at the local laud board to be held iu Chiltern ou the 16th last. Cr Jacobs moved, aud Cr Nott seconded, that the town clerk lie instructed to attend tho laud commission. Carried. Two tenders were opened for erect ing a three-rail fence round the Rutherglen Park reserve — one at £90, and the other at £81 10s per mile. On the motion of Cr Hamilton, seconded by Cr Reeve, the lowest tender — that of C. Fisher — was accepted. The council then adjourned. Sheriff's Sale. — Yesterday, in accordance with announcements which appeared in our columns, Mr E. G. Nethercott sold at New- sou's Post Office Hotel, Camp-street, Beech worth, the following properties under writs of ji. fa. In the suit of Isaac Olcorn v. John Martin ; allotment 20, ssctiou D, township of Rutherglen, containing about 19.1 perches, with buildings aud improvements thereon; purchased by Mr W. booth for £150. in the suit of John Straughuir v. John Nelson ; allot ment 5, section P, agricultural area of Domi Muugi, parish of N.iroag, containing about 107 acres, and field under sections 12 aud 13 Amending Land Act, 1865, with improve ments ; bought by Mr Isaac Olcorn for £35. Re-Vaccination.— Acting on the principle that prevention is belter than care, the Cen tral Board of Health strongly urges re-vacci nation on the adult population of the colony, fu a circular that has been forwarded to the various local boards of health throughout the colony, statistics are quoted from the records of the Stoekwell Hospital, showing that no case of a re-vaccinated person suffering from small-pox had beeu admitted io the hospital. After adducing other proofs of the efficacy of re-vaccination, the Central Board of Health i:i the circular state : — " With such undoubted and convincing testimony before them, the Central Board of Health feel that they wouid he neglecting an important duty if they did not, iu the most emphatic manner, urge that every person iu this colony, above the age of fourteen years, should, at the eaiiiest possible opportunity, be vaccinated direct from the arm of a successfully vaccinated infaut, and by this simple meaus render themselves for ever afterwards safe from the horrors of small-pox. The operation should be done with lymph taken direct from the arm of a child, instead of with lymph from tubes or glasses, because experience has shown that re-vaccination from tho arm of an infant is very much more certain than that done in any other way. The protection afforded by re-vaccination should be secured now, when ihore is no panic, and when no difficuiy there fore exists in obtaining the lymph direct from the arms of children-" The Border Duties. — Mr G. V. Smith hit the blot when ho asserted that the New South Wales Government had no desire to see the question of the border unties settled; every move made by Mr Parkes shows clearly that his object is to occasion further delay, in tho hope that the interests of tho Sydney merchants may be promoted at the expeuse of ihe residents of the Border districts. "With in tho last few days, ?Jr Francis has received a letter from Mr Parkes relative to the pro posed convention between the various colonies on tho subject of the border customs duties. The text of tho letter is considered private, but it is understood that at present there appears to he no probability of auy satisfac tory settlement being arrived at between Victoria and New South Wales. The latter colony considers that South Australia should pay a portion of the proposed subsidy in lien of the collection of the Border duties, and that tiu-y should also participate in the free transit of goods up and down the River Mur ray. The proposal is, however, opposed by the Government of this colony ; and so the matter stands at present. African Love of Freedom. — Treating of the slave trade, which is carried on to a great extent in Eastern Africa, Dr Livingstone in his letter to Mr Bennett, jun., gives a graphic sketch of the conduct of free Africans when kidnapped. Many of them lost all heart when they lost sight of the homes of their infancy and eight of them died iu three days. They had no complaint, but pain in the heart; and the;/ pointed out its seat correctly. They evi dently died of brokon-hearteduo53, and the Arabs wondered, " seeing they had plenty to cat." He also saw a party of twelve, wfio had boon slaves in their own country, sitting sing ing and laughing, "Hallo!" said ho, "these fellows take to it kindly ; this mast be the class for whom philosophers say slavery is tho natural state." Ho asked tho cause of their mirth, and the moaning of the word fakha—- VJ fly df ieilp — aiicl ilia song was', zes, we are going away to Manga with yokes on our necks ; but we shall have no yokes in deal"::, and we shall return aud kill you."-' Tho chorus then struck in was the name of tho man who had soid each of them, and then followed. the general laugh, in which at first he saw no bitterness. Perambe, an old man. at least 101 years, had been one ol the sellers. In accordance with African belief, they had no doubt of beiug soon able, by ghost-power, to kill even him. Their refrain is— " Oh, oh, oh ! Bird of freedom, oh ! You sold me, oh, oh, oh, I shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh !" Tho laughter told not of mirth, but of the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. "Ha that is higher " than the highest regardeth." Clerks of Courts. — A contemporarv lishes a rumour that Mr Smallman, now of Courts at Chiitern, is to be remove! p Jamieson, his present duties being transfer to Mr Oliver of Ballarat. If this change i! plies promotion for Mr Smallman, wo a,j glad to hear of it. A Traitor's Pipe. — It is said that amoc the ornaments which adorn the walls of tavern in London where the Comtnuni refugees most congregate is a clay pi.)e We,|| colored, which was formerly the prop rtv M. Gambetta, and to which, by the or'er- o Felix Pyat, is attached the following iu-crjp|j tion — " The pipe of a traitor." j| ft! Antic ote to Small-Pox. — It is stated in4| Europeau journal that a German phv=ic;aJ| lately started the theory that the fiarfJ disease known as the small-pox ori"iu.,te,| from an excess of albuminous matter in tgjj blood, and that this is prevented by the ada ministration of common salt. The habits oil children in indulging too freely in sweetmea'- 1 he considers ouo great cause of this U'nla, development of albumen, and ho allege thai! coffee and tea, if highly sugared, tend also i f- excite it in adults. Auy orgauie acid, suchajh lemon juice, he considers the best menisci freeing the blood when clogged with too muclP albumen, and he alleges that by takin" the-jf simple remedies in the way of prc-ciiii'iun has, for upwards of 'twelve years past, frjl quented or taken up his abode in th-- mo- pestilential small-pox hospitals of Europe unf- South America with entire impunity. s The Agent-Generalship. — By the out going mail steamer will be forwarded to James M'Cnlloch the off r of the nppom: men!' of Agent-General for the colony. If Sir James cannot accept the offer, he will be asked to temporarily assume the position until fij j,as communicated with this Government, aud given it an opportunity of appointing auotbe gentleman to the office. Virtue Rewarded. —A touching incident is reported from Chattanooga. Au uiter" stranger called on a respectable farmer, and! asked him if his house had not been robu»d; during tho war. The farmer replied that it? had. " I," said the stranger, " was one of ai marauding party that did it ; I took a little? silver locket-." " That locket," said the far < mer, bursting into tears, " had been worn by> my dear dead child." " Here it is," replied tho stranger, visibly affeeted. " I am rich ; Id me make restitution ; here are 20 dol« for your little son." He gave the farmer a 50 : dob bill, and received 30 dol. in chau"» ' Ho then wrung the farmer's hand and left ! The farmer has since dried his tears and5 loaded his shot-guu. The 50 dol. bill was1 bad. i The Imperial Meeting. — Intelligence from Berlin states that the Empor-r of j Russia, when he comes to visit bis uuclu the I Emperor William, will be accompanied by i the Grand Duke and two other princes of Lis : iiim'ly. It is not certain if Prince Gortscha-j ltoff, who is absent on leave, wiii be able to1 rejoin his sovereign, but Count Andrassy will not fail to accompany the Emperor of Austria. Prince Gortsehukoff's presence i« therefore thought probable, as well as that of i Prince Bismarck. The Magdeburg Gazette, a paper that ofteu receives official com muni, cati ns. says the interview of tho tbres Emperors has no immediate politic! pur pose, but that it wiii have great nolitical importance as a guarantee against the dis turbance of the peace of Europe by French " chauviuisme " excited by tbe success of the loan. Population Statistics. — During 1871, 747 of the children born, or, in other words, one child in every thirty-six bom in 1871, wa3 illegitimate, a proportion greater than that shown by the most recent returns as obtaining in Ljudon. Iu Victoria, during tho past ten years, there were born no less than 6985 children against whose names, on the Regis trar-General's roll stands the word " illegiti mate." Competition between the Colonies. — It is stated that the South Australian Government are likely to float a new loan for £600 000, aud that out of this loan the Narracoorto line of railway will be constructed. The line will run from L-icepede Bay almost m a straight line to Narracooria, aud is of snmi- ficance to us, as it will nearly run right into the wool- growing districts of Victoria, and will tap the whole traffic that has hitherto come to Melbourne. Lacepede Bay will give an chorage for wool ships, aud the staple could easily be placed on board there. Working Gold Ores. — A correspondent en gaged in gold mining in North Carolina writes to the Scientific American as follows on the subject of amalgamating gold ores :— A great majority of mines yielding free gold produce ores that will not work more than 10 dollars per ton ; and, of course, a large quan tity must be worked to make it pay. Hence, any process that is not rapid and cheap will not answer. As to the working of sulphur etted or rebellious ore, of the hundreds of patented and other, processes hardly one is worthy a moment's consideration. It may be said, however, that many of the so-called improved and newly-discovered methods work well enough in the laboratory, but when put to a practical test are fouud to be worthless. After many experiments, I have found the following process to be the best. I first roast the ore (though it is free gold ore) iu large piles, rendering it very friable, and tho roughly drying all the dirt and clay. In every ton of ore there is about 300 lbs. of fine rock aud dirt, which I screened out through, wire sieves of about one- quarter iueh meshes, and this fine stuff I run through a common drag-mill, and then through a " Georgiaroeker," thus . saving nearly all the gold. Iu fact, by this simple procees I obtain nearly 50 dol. of gold per toil of dirt ; whereas, when ran through the stamp- mill aud over copper-plates, I obtain only about 10 dol. per ton. The rock I crush in oue of the Wilson patent stamp-mills, using quicksilver in the battery, and then running the crushed matter over the ordinary copper plates. The rock is worth full 10 dol. per ton, hut I save only about half of this. As to working tolerably high grade sulphuretted ores, the best way, ii not too far from ship ping point, is to send them to Swansea, Eng land. But if this cannot be done then erect a common furnace, having the fire suriaces of good soapstone ; then to every 150 lbs of ore put iu one per cent, of charcoal and 10 per cent, of salt. The ore will readily melt to a siag, and will be pretty well desulphurised. The slag can be drawn off, and when cold can be broken up and worked like free gold ore. A small trial furnace can be built of good fire-brick, and an ordinary blacksmiths bellows wiii answer to blow the fire. As the loss of gold by the present process of amal gamation is known to be very great, and in many cases disastrous to those engaged m mining, it is important, it seems to me, that the different processes which have been found to work the best by different miners should be made known to the public. In this way much good may he done, and a great industry made more valuable than it is. The Rate of the Looks. — At Birmingham a hairdresser named Rimmer has been fined £5, with the alternative of two months' imprisonment with hard labor, for stealing a quantity of hair from the head of ft ffiri went to have her locks dresg&cj.; 