S II K L L II A K B O R (From our Cohrkspondknt.) ifBinsieinnl Council. Tho Municipal Council mot on Saturday last. Present The full Council. Minutes of wrovious meeting vrcro read and con firmed. Reports. Alderman Frnzor reported tho work undertaken by FittUir, on tho Tongarra road, to be satisfactorily completed. 2nd. That Cummiltuc hail employed labour at a cost of £2 for the repair of tho road east of Four Oak Creek. Alderman Fryor reported Jamison's contract on Shipman's Hill satisfactorily ^completed. 2ml. That Indigo Range work by Taylor was satisfac torily completed. The Mayor reported that tho deputation ap pointed to wait on the Iviama Coiiucil, respecting the Minnamurra Bridge, lmd done its duty. And in reply to questions from tho deputation, the Kiamn Council refused to take anyiinrt in the con struction of the approaches, or to pay any share of tho cost either of the additional outlay on the bridge over the sum voted, or of making tho approaches. Neither would the Kiama Council appoint a deputation in conjunction with members of the Shelllmrbor Council to wait upon tho Secre tary of Public Works, for the purpose of requesting a sum of money to finish tho bridge and approaches. Captain Charles, however, and Mr G. L. Fuller, subsequently agreed to form part of u deputation. Tho Finance Committee brought up a report recommending paymont of the following items namely : — . ' ? ? ? £ a. d. John Fittler, repairing 45 chains of Ton garraroad ... ? ... 6 13 John Fittler, for culvert on Tongarra road ... ? ? ... ... 2 0. 0 G. Michael, on account of Miunamurra Bridge ... ... ... ? ... 250 0 0 Government Printer ... ... ... 1 14 0 ' Independent,1' printing and advertising 4 5 11 Edward Jamison, balance of contract for Shipman's Hill... „. ... 1112 6 :. £274 13 8 The following tenders -were considered in Com mittee. Erection of bridge north of Macquarie Road. — J. Fittler, £2 10s ; Taylor, £1 19s. Repairs to Jetty. — G. Rankin, £8; J. Thomas £10 10s. Kiama Road.— Fred and D. Rankin ; £3 7s 6d ; M'Kinary £1 17s 6d. Committee reportod : 1st That tenders be rein vited for tho work of culverts on Cross-roads to givo an opportunity to amend tho specification, and 'that the Improvement Committee be empowered to accopt tenders according to the amended specification, provided it do not exceed £20. 2nd. That Rankiu'a tender be accepted for jetty repairs ; 3rd. That M'Kinary's tender be accepted for repair of Kiama road. 4lh. That Taylor's tender bo accepted for tho culvert on N. Macquarie road, and for fixing drain pipes at Albion Hotel. Correspondence — Outwards. Mr Duffin, informing him that the Council would put the drain pipes in position at Albion Park as far as tho number permitted. Inward. From Mr Anderson, informing the Council that the contractor for Minnamurra bridge was entitled to a further payment on account of Minnamurra bridge. From the Treasury, informing Council that the endowment for last half year had been placed to credit of Council. On tho motion of Alderman James,. Council went into Committee to prepare an estimate of the probable amount required for expenditure for the current year in accordance with 104th clause of the Municipalities Act, of 18G7. The Estimate made amounted to £739 7s. This included the probable costs to be incurred by tho Council in completing Minnamnrra Bridge, which, pro-forma, to meet the requirements of the section under which the estimate is made, were included with estimate with the distinct understanding, however, that in the end tho bridge should not be a charge upon the general revenue ; that money should be borrowed to pay the. extra costs, for which the traffic over the bridge should bo made to pay ; this appeared to be the unanimous deter mination of tho Alderman. The valuers returns were considered in Com mittee and adopted. Motions. Moved by Alderman M'Gill, seconded by Alder man James — That the report of the Finance Com mittee, recommending paj'inenfc 'of items amounting to £74 13s Sd be, and is hereby adopted by this Council. Carried. Moved by Alderman Fryer seconded by Alder man Russell, — That the report of tho Committee on tenders be, and is hereby adopted by this Council. Carried. Moved by Alderman James, seconded by Alder man Hicks — ' That the valuation of the rateable property of this Municipality, as submitted by the Valuers, Messrs. Norris ami Foster, be, and is hereby adopted by this Council, for the valuation of the present current year, for the purpose of the Assessment to be made under tho provisions of the lG4th clause of the Municipalities Act, of 1867.' Carried. Moved by Alderman James, seconded by Alderman Russell — 'That the estimate now sub mitted by Committee of this Council, of the probable amount which will be required to any tolls, rates, or dues which may have been levied or authorised to bo levied within this Municipality, to carry on the fencing, making, or ropairing of any roads, bridges, punts, wharves, piers, or other public works within this Municipality, and any other expenses necessary in carrying into effect the provisions of the Municipalities Act, of 18G7, be, and is hereby adopted by this Council.' Carried. Rate Struck. Moved by Alderman James, seconded by Alder man Russell— ' That the rate upon the rateable property of this borough for tho now current year, be, and is hereby struck and imposed at Is. in the £.' Amendment moved by Alderman Fryer, secon ded by Alderman M'Gill— 'That the rates be struck at 9d. in the £.' The motion for Is. rato was carried. -' ? Moved' by Alderman Russell; seconded by Alderman Fraser — 'That a deputation from this Council, consisting of Alderman Wilson, James, and the mover, with gentlemen previously mentioned from Kiama, wait upon the Secretary for Public Works, to request a sum of monoy for tlie completion of Minnamurra Bridge, and for erecting approaches thereto. . Alderman Fryer gave notice that ho would move at tho next mooting that the plan for Minnamurra Bridgo approaches be adopted, and that tenders bo invited according to the plan. This concluded the business. Lecture. — Mr Cawdell's lecture on the ' Hindoos, their manners, customs, and religion,' given in tho Council Chamber, last evening, was qui'to as well attended as lectures intended to instruct and edify aro ever attonded iu this dis trict. This apathy in tlio encouragement of the intellectual and instructive, is not at all peculiar to Shelllmrbor, indood, I believo it will compare very favorably in this particular with any part of tho district. Lamentable, indeed, it is to find that oven such talented gentlemen as the lato Dr Thompson and Piofessor Smith, havo failed to draw an audience, whilst tho musical and merely amusing entertainments aro often well patronized. Mr Cawdoll'a lecture was highly instructive, and by no means free from amusemont, many a pas sago in ' it excitod the risiblo faculties of the audience. And whilst the lecturer described tho physical features of the country, tho singular mannors and customs, the peculiar roligion of tho people, as only one who had seen for himself conld describe, theaudionco manifested amarked interest in the vivid and lifo-liko descriptions. A series of . Tunnramio flown could C0UV6V to the liliud ft better picturo of tho state of things among Iho Hindoos than did tbo telling word-painting of Mr Cawdell. The Mayor of tho Borough presided. A vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer on the motion of the Rev Mr Rowsoll, in a very neat speech. A vote of thanks to the chairman on tlio motion of Alderman Wilson, and that gontloman'H acknowledgment, brought avory plcnsaut and well- BpL'iil evening to a close. GOT.D IX THE SlIKLLIIAItBOR SANDY BEAOIl. — The question — can gold bo procured in a payable quantity from the sandy beach, near Shelllmrbur '( is now undergoing solution. It will be remembered that about twelvo months Hince, Mr Henry, for somo weeks had iv machine at work on the beach near Mr Killeleas's, Mr Killelea being a partner in tho venture. An it was stated that at least good wages wore being made, it was a matter of surpriso that tho operations wero not continued. Certainly tho machinery used was rude and priniivtic, and doubtless not up to iho mark ; tho pumping was done by hand labour, and tho metal used for tho amalgam was said to bo very inferior. From representations mado to T. A. Reddall, Esq. , ho has been induced to invest in machinery of a suitable kind to test the possibility of gold being found in payable quantity ; iu this vonture Mr Killelea is again a partner. Thn machine is now at work, ono horse is used to work tho pumps, 2 of which are in operation, and capable of pumpirg about 50 gallons per minute. A well is sunk at a good depth in the sand, and a never failing supply or water is outameu. xuo wasiung maenmo is about li feet by 3 feet. In it are two largo plates for tlie amalgam, about 5 x 2k each. Tho sand, which is mixed with a quantity of largo wator worn pebbles, is first thrown into a wiro siovo overlaying tlio machine a constant stream of water washes the sand through this sievo, and its finer particles with tho gold dust aro washed through a finer sieve, on to tho amalgam plates. Some weeks will elapse beforo tho amalgam is removed, and theroforo, for. tho present it is impossible to judge what tho result of tho entor prise may be. Much credit is -Jue to Mr Rcddall for trying to decide the question whether gold can bo procured from the sands of our beach in payable compliment. The outlay for the apparatus must have been considerable. Undoubted indi cations of copper aro found not half a milo from the site of the gold operations, but appearances do not indicate even the ghost of a chanco of procuring copper in payable quantities. 