BIBLE CHRISTIAN? ANNIVERSARY. The anaual tea in connection with the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, was held on Monday afternoon, August 12, in the Town hall Exchange Boom, with a gratifying attendance. It was followed by a public meeting in the chapel; Mr. S. J. Way, Q.C., in the chair. The building was well filled, and upon the platform there were the Revs. J. Way, O. Lake, T. Allen, and J. Roberts; and Messrs. S. J. Way, and A. Campbell, M.D. After the usual devotional exercises, the Rev. O. Lake, in introducing the Chairman, expressed the pleasure he felt at the platform being so well filled by Bible Christians, as it would give the meeting a family and homely character, although he regretted the unavoidable absence of the Rev. J. L. Parsons and others, who did intend to be present. The Chairman, in expressing sympathy with the Bible Christian Church organization, adverted to the special advantages of their itinerant system. He believed in that most thoroughly, and held that the periodical changes of ministers were good for them and for the people. But to be consistent the 6ame rule should apply to the appointment of a Chairman, and he could not understand why he had been chosen for 14 or 15 successive years. He congratulated the Church on their favourable position. Their debt, from an original sum of £2,000, was reduced to £600, of which they paid interest only on £500 at 5 per cent. But time and the elements had been at work on the building, and now it needed various repairs and alterations. He uged that a special effort should be made that evening to raise the required funds for this purpose. Mr. Blatchford read the financial report, which showed that the receipts for the year had been—Anniversary, £20 16s. 9d.; subscriptions, £6014s.; seat-rents, £25 9s.; making a total of £10619s. 9d. The disbursements were £74 2s. lid., leaving a balance in hand of £3216s. 10d., which would go towards paying off £100 of the debt at present lent free of interest. The Rev. T. Allen spoke of the growing -sympathy with South Australia he had felt since he entered on his work here 13 years ago. He took for his subject the spiritual condition of the Churches. He feared that although they as a denomination couM boast of large numbers and of better buildings, and a better social position than they had a few years ago, they had not the religious power amongst them and the success in leading souls to the Saviour which they assessed in former years. He thought the cause of this in a measure arose from a light estimation of the class meeting, and from their having become stereotyped and formal in their Christian life. With great earnestness he urged them to seek an unselfish spirit, to strive after the mind of Christ, and to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Then they would throw their whole energies into fulfilling the mission the Saviour had given te each, and there would be no difficulty in raising the money required for Church purposes. Dr. Campbell took for his subject, "Has the Gospel become effete?" It was said the Gospel was a thing ef the past; that it was unsuited to our present civilization, to the complications of our social life, and to our present political position. He maintained that they who said this showed they.had but a very superficial view of what the Gospel was. Taking the adverse arguments used, he rebutted each, and referred to the benefits the Gospel had conferred upon our modern civilization, its influence upOB our laws, the mitigation it had produced in tho condition of the pt>6Y, find the power it had exercised in spreading through the world aspirations for a higher type of liberty in proof that the Gospel had not lost its power. The Rev. J. Way briefly expressed the hope that Sc 1 would Jrfess the Cfe^rch in all its operations. The Rev. <5\. in & Spev^ ^ meeting to do what they could in raising money for the renovation of the church, stated that through the efforts of Dr. Campbell various friends had already promised aj^t #60 for that work. The collection fo^owsd ^ afte r the usualvotes of thanks ^ meeting came to a evening the Ihoir sang irfHS, "L?" ! 611 %t»a pieces, which were listened appreemtion. The total financial results or meetings were—Collections, £20 xoB. ed., "and subscriptions, £23. 