IN THE ^OJjyjSSSIOSAL. Ttofeil^of^biohi;wrftebefri-4etnie ke, sort e fift*enqrfcif£bteflti>eftre ago. I was hot yonngi|htn<rf-am notoldbwr. Perhaps 5 vu aboafc' tMttf-two (fcWfs notknow bf.we v^r^Hny. toal tmnotbe oertain jto a?e»!rk>r **(TImewmy bv the idtiter. . i iiy tnannarof ilfe at that tinjfcwas dmdfcory pud on»eUM. Hud *^mwr-^ao fetttarof ghat kind-and I took rambling about' . , " WJV ^iweunotol i Jthejpeitaessneep i&at; jrnacfe o&e; i&$x» after fenotbertmtiet andjntolflrableto ma. ?.>.»> ^ ; ala^ howerar; and not' ? pxcitement,. that I oooght. I Iceptcalmoet" not tbe least charming part of ray journey. Here, it is true, were neither Alps nor glaciers, nor ruined castles perched on inaccessible crags, bat my way lay through a smiling conn try Etadded with picturesque hamlets, and beside a bright river harrying along over swirling rapids, and nnder the dark arches of antique covered bridges, and between hill sides garlanded with Tines. It was towards the middle of a long day's walk among such scenes as these that I came to Rheinfelden, a small place on the left bank of the river about fourteen miles above B±sle. As I came down tbe wbite road in the blinding sunshine, with tbe vines on either band, I saw the town lying low on tbe opposite bank of tbe Rhine. It was an old walled town enclosed on tbe land side, and open to the river, tbe boast* going sheer down to tbe water's edge, with flights of slimy steps worn smooth by the wash of the current, and overhanging eaves, and little built-out rooms with pent-house roofr, supported from below by jutting piles black with age, and tapestried with water-weed?. Tbe stunted towers of a couple of churches stood op from amid tbe brown and tawny roofs within the walls. Beyond tbe town, height above height, stretched a distance of wooded hills. The old covered bridge, divided by a bit of rocky island in the middle of the stream, led from bank to bank-from Germany to Switzerland. The town was in Switzerland; I, looking cowards it from tbe road, stood on Baden terri tory ; tbe tiver can sparkling and foaming between. \- X crossed, and found the place all alive in anticipation of a Kermess, or fair, that was to be held there tbe next day bat one. The townsfolk .were all oat in the streets, or about their doore; and there were carpenters hard at work knocking op rows of wooden stands and stalls the whole length of the principal thoroughfare. Shop- signs in open work of wrought iron hang over the door*. A runlet of sparkling water babbled down a stone channel in the middle of the street. At almost every other house (to judge by tbe rows of tarnished watches hanging in i the dingy parlour windows), there lived j a watchmaker; and presently I came to a fountain, a regular Swiss fountain, spouting ] water .from four ornamental pipes, and surmounted by the usual armed knight in old grey atone. As I mmU<»d on thus (looking for mi inn, j batneine none), I suddenly found that I bad readied the end of the street, and, with it, the | limit of tbe town on this side. Before me rose a lofty picturesque old gate- tower, with a tSed roof, and a little window over tbe archway, and there was a peep of green grass I aod golden sunshine beyond. The town walls (60 or 70 feet in height, and curiously roofed, with a sort of projecting shed on the inner side) curved away to right and left, unchanged since the Middle Ages. A rode wain, laden with clover, and drawn by mild-eyed, cream coloured oxen, stood close by in tbeshada I passed oat through the gloom of the archway into the sonny space beyond. Tbe noat outside tbe walls was bridged over and filled in-a green ravine of grasses and wild flowers. A stork had bailt its nest on the roof of tbe gate- tower. Tbe cicala* shrilled in the grass. The shadows lay deeping nnder the trees, and a family of cocks and hens went plodding inquisitively to and fro among the cabbages in tbe adjacent field. Jnst beyond the moat, with only this field between, stood a little solitary church-a church with a wooden porch. and a quaint, bright-red steeple, and a cb arcbyard like a rose-garden, full of colour and perfume, and scattered over with iron crosses wreathed with immortelles. Tbe churchyard gate and the church door stood open. I went in. All was clean, and simple, and very poor. The walk were white washed; tbe floor was laid with red bricks; the toot salted. A. tiny confessional like a SpuUy-box stood in one confer; the font was covered wiihalidlika a woodan steeple; and over tb« altar, upon which stood a pair of battered brass candlesticks and two vases of artificial fiowea, hung a caricature of the Hob family, in oifaL All here was so oool, so quiet, that I sat down for a few momwits and rested. Pre aeatiy an old peasant woman trudged up the cfaarcb path witha basket of vegetables on berbeaa. Having aot this down in the porch, she oa»e in, knelt before As altar, said her nasple pagers, and went her way. Wasiiiidt time for me also to go my way 1 I Joakad at my vrafeoh. It wm past foar o'clock. and I lad not yet found a lodging for the night, I go* op. somewhat unwillingly; but, at tracted hy a tablet near the altar, crossed over tolook at it before leaving tbe church. It was a very small slab, and bore a very brief Gentian inscription to this effect: To THE Sacbxd ICmorr or ~ THE REVEREND PKRE CH8B8BZ, For twenty yean tbe beloved Pastorrf thii Etiidi. DledAptfllto.1825. AgetU. He Uved a ;he dtod-a Martyr. I read it em, twice, wondering idly what Then Ywent ^ItWas,«Mid. abodt tfcaaiae sentry-box, and was painted tt> imitate old darkoik. r Qn. the one ride WManarrow door-with a bl^ hap^, cmtheother alible gpentej^liks atic^Jwterfi jindoir, closed on "Iknow not what) bnt^ almost without ] *' I-I beg a thousand pardons," Iexclaimed. "I had no idea-seelngthe church empty Pa wsi sittiugwfthaTOrtofrfaoe,-andt*agped handsfoing idlf in hiilap-at*U. gaant man, drMqw»n a black soutane. When I paused, he jilOTrtjr.vwy slowly, tax^Mshead. «od looked meintbe face. -i Wlknj larHft -laa irpn'r iritnal imi so dinffiiail Amld siotsee hisfeaiuBes very! tbathlsffas werp; Id-looking, like $he j t,and thathia face, »g»6n curtain upon tat' l3i and sever looking back. Once past the gate way, and inside the walls, I breathed more freely. The wain was still standing in the shade bat the oxen were gone now, and two teen were busy forking oat the clover into a little yard close by. Having in quired of one of these regarding an inn, and being directed to the Krone, "over against the Frauen kirehe," I made my way to the upper part of the town, and there, at one comer of a forlorn, weed grown market-place, I found my hostelry. The landlord, a sedate, bald man, spectacles, who, as I presently discovered, was not only an innkeeper, bat a ciockmaker, came out from an inner room to receive me. Bis wife, a plump. pleasant body, took my orders for dinner. His pretty daughter showed me vo my room. It was a large, low. white washed room, with two lattice windows, over looking the market-place, two little beds, covered with puffy red eiderdowns at the farther end, and an army of docks and orna mental timepieces arranged along every shelf, table, and chest of drawees in the room. Being left here to my meditations, I sat down and co an ted these companions of my solitude. Taking little and big together, Datch clock*, cuckoo clocks, chalet docks, skeleton riwihi, ' and pendales in ormolu, bronze, marble, ebony, and alabaster cases, titers were exactly i thirty-two. Twenty-eight were going merrily. ; As no two among them were of the same I opinion as regarded the time, and as several j strack the quarters as well as the hoars, the I consequence was that one or other gave tongue j about every five minutes. Now, for a light : and nervous sleeper such, as I was at that I time, here was a lively prospect for the night! Going downstairs presently, with the hope ! of getting my landlady to assign me a quieter j room, I pawed two eight-day docks on the ! landing, and a third at the foot of the stairs. : The public room was equally welt stocked. It | literally bristled with clocks, one of which , played a spasmodic version of "Gentle i ZiteUa," with variations, every quarter ! of an hoar. Here I found a little table prepared by the open window, and a dish of trout and a flask of country wine awaiting me. The pretty daughter waited upon me. Her mother bustled to and fro with the dishes; and the landlord stood by, and beamed upon me through his spec tacles. " The trout were caught this morning about two miles from here," be said, complacently. "They are excellent," I replied, filling him out a glass of wine, and helping myadf to another. " Your health, Herr Wirth." "Thanks, mem Herr-your*." Just at this moment two docks struck at opposite ends of die room-one twelve and the other seven. I ventured to suggest that mine host was tolerably well reminded of the flight of time; whereupon he explained that his work lay chiefly in the repairing and regulating lint* and that at that present moment be had no less than one hundred and eighteen clocks of various sorts and sizes on the premises. " Perhaps the Herr £nglander is a light steeper," said his quick-witted wife, detecting my dismay. "Ifao we can get him a bedroom elsewhere. Not perhaps in the town, for I know no place where he would be as comfortable as with ourselves, but just outside the Fried rich's Thor, not five minutes' walk from our door. I accepted the offer gratefully. " So long," I said, " as I insure cleanliness and quiet, I do not care how homely my lodgings may be." ** Ah, you'll have both, mein Herr, if you go where my wife is thinking of," said the land lord. " It is at the house of our pastor-the Pfete Cbessez." "The Perc Chessez!" I exclaimed. " What, tin pastor of the little church out yonder?" ** The same, mein Herr." " But-but sorely the Pere Chesses Is dead! I saw a tablet to bis memory in the chanced." "Nay that was our pastors elder 'brother," replied the landlord, looking grave. "He has been gone these thirty years and more. His was a tragical ending. But I was thinking too much of theyow^er brother just then to fed any curiosity about the elder: and I told myself that I would put Xwith the companionship of any number of As, rather than deepunder. the same roof with that terrible face and tha*e un earthly eyes. "I saw your pastor justnow |n tfcechorcfr." I said, with apparent "He is a singular-looking man." "He is too good for this world," aald the landlady. ~He Is a saint uponeaxth!" the pretty Fraulein. '* He is one of the best of tneh, " said. mora soberly, the husband and father. *'I ^niy wish he was less of a saint He lastat prays, and works beyond hiAstrength. A little more beef and a little less devotion would be all the better for him.'' " I should tikw to hftaraftmathtng the life of so good a man," mid L tirtofiby this time come to the end of my timtwdinnm; "<Jome, Herr Wirtb. let n$A»v£a .Thelwidlordsentjiist. ®f the "greenseal," and,] ,^r_rprTTT^.., I his life. * * ' *** history to would lock her op for the whole day in a room at the top of the house. Weil, this pM'( >U" used ¥ran Margaret " , . . , " Tat, tat, tar man." interrupted the land lady. "The Fran Margaret was a light ODC ? ' | " Peace, wife! Shall we speak hara words oI the dead ? The Fran Margaret was yoaag. I »tiiI pretty, and a flirt; and she- had^ a b»o husband who left her too much alone. The landlady poised up her lips, and shook her bead, as the best of women will do when the character of another woman is under dis cussion. The innkeeper went on. " Well, mein Herr, to cut along story short, after having been jealous first of one and thpn of another, Caspar Rofenacht became furious about a certain German, a Badener named Schmidt* living on the opposite ban* of the Rhine. I remember the man quite well, a |»»«J«nniA[ merry fellow, and no saint; jnat the sort to make mischief betwesn man and wife. Well. Caspar Bufenacht swore a great oath that, cost what it might, be would come at the truth aboat Lis wife and Schmidt, so be laid all manner of plots to surprise them -waylaid the Fraa Margaret in her walks, followed hftr At a distance when she went to church, came home at unexpected hours, and played the spy as if he had been brought up to the trade. But his spying was all in vain. Either the Fr&u; Margaret was too clever lor hint, or there was really nothing to discover, but still he was not satisfied. So he cast about for some way to attain his end^aud, by tha belp of Evil One, he found it. Here the innkeeper's wife and daughter, who had doubtless heard the story a huudred times over, drew near and listened breatn* ie"l&hafc;, think yon," continued tbe land lord, "does this black-souled Caspar do. Does be punish the poor woman witUin an inch of her life, till she confesses ? No. L>J®s he charge Schmidt with having tempted her from' her duty, and fight it out with hiui like a man? No. What else then? 1 will tell you. He waits till the vigil of Saint Margaret -her saint's day-when he knows the poor sinful soul Is going to confession; and ue marches straight to the house of tue i~«re Chesses-the very home where oar own fere ^Chessez is now living-andbe finds tbe good priest at his devotions in bis little study, ana he says to him: "Father Chesstz, my wifeii coming to tbe church this afternoon to in ike her confession to you.' 'She is.' replies the priest,' "I want you to tell me all she tells you," says Caspar; * and I will wait here till you come back from th>» church, that 1 may hear it. Will you do so T -Certaiuly not,, re plies the Pere Chessez; ' you must surely know, Caspar, that we priests are forbidden to reve&i; tiie secrets of the confessional. 4 That is nothing to me,' says Caspar with an oath. * I MB resolved to know whether my wife is guilty or Innocent; and know it I will, by fair means or foul.' 1 You shall never know it frorn tne, Caspar,* says the Pere Chesses, very quietly. * Then, by Heavens! says Caspar, ' 1II learn it for myself. And with that be pulls out a heavy Horse-pistol from bis pocket, and with the butt-end of it the Pere Chessez a tremendous blow upon the head, and then another, aud another, till tbe poor yoaog man lay senseless at bis feet. Then Caspar, thinking he had quite killed him, dressed himself inthe priest's own soutane and hat. locked the door put tbe key in bis pocket, and stealing round tbe back way into the church, shut himself np in the confessional." "Then tbe priest died !" I exclaimed, re membering the epitaph upon the tablet. "AT- mein Herr-the Pere Chessez died; bat not before he had told the story of hu 'assassination, and identified his murderer." " And Caspar Rufenacht, I hope, was banged?* "Wait ft bit,mein Herr, we have not come to that yet We left Caspar in the con fessional, waiting for Lis wife,"' *'And she came?" "Yes. poor soul! she came." " And made her confession f Awn made her confession, mein Herr." What did she confess." The innkeeper shook his head. "That ho one over knew, save the good God and her murderer." _ murderer !"I exclaimed. U4i iofct that. Whatever it was that she wmwodt she paid for it with her life,. He heetd her tiut, at all events, without discover ling and let her go home believing itha&aneltaa; reoeived absolution for her sins, iffrwa who met her that afternoon said she "Ijr bright and happy. As she tbe tows, die went into a vymzarten Straw and bought some ribbons. About half an boor later, my 'oyra father taek her outside the Basel Thor, " ig.Jmskly homewards. He was tbe last w her alive. evening (it was in . days were short), some that way into the town of a woman screamlng, in farm. But$heiught fancies for facts, tliat w *51. But I am quite sure th&t; he docs not believe himself w less sane tban hi? nei^hbour^" So the iankeeitr left tae, and I (017 head fall of the story I had jast beard) put on my bat, went ont into the market-place, asked my way to the Basel Tbcr, and ser off to ex plore the scene of the Fxau Margaret's murder. I found it without difficulty-a long, low fronted, beeUe-bro#cd farm-house. lyiu* back a meadow's length from the road. There were children playing upon tbe threshold, a dock of turkeys gobbling abaat the barn-door, and a big dog sleeping out&ide; his kennel close by. The chimneys, too, were smoking merrily. Seeing these feigns of life and cheer fulness, I abandoned all idea of asking logo over tbe bouse, I felt that I had no right to carry iny morbid curiosity into this peaceful home ; so I turned away, and retraced my steps towards RhtinftJden, It was not ye 1 seven, and the sun had still an hour's course to run. I re- entered the town; strolled back through the street and presently came again to the Fried ricti'a Thor and the path lending to the church. An irresistible impulse seemed to drag me back to tbe place. Shudderingly, and with a sort of dread that was half-longing, I pushed open the churchyard gate and went in. The doors were closed; a goat was browsing among the graves; and the rushing of the .Rhine, some three hundred yards away, was distinctly audible in the silence. I looked round for tbe priest's house-the scene of the first mur der ; but from this side, ac all events, DO houte was visible. Going round, ko#ever, to the back of the church, I saw a gate, a box bordered path, and, peeping through some trees, a chimney and tlie roof of a little browa tiled house. This, then, was the path along which Cas par Bufenacbt, with tbe priest's blood upon his bands and the priest's gown upon his shoulders, had taken his guilty way to the confessional! How quiet it all Looked in the golden evening light 1 How like tbe church path of an English parsonage 1 1 wished I could hare seen something more of the house than that bit of roof and that one chimney. There most, I told myself, be some other entrance-some way round by the road! Musing and lingering thus, I was startled by a quiet voice close against my ttooulder, gayiug: ** A pleasant evening, mein Herr!" I tamed, and found the priest at my elbow. He bad come noiselessly across the grass, and was standing between me and ttie sunset, like a shadow. "I-I beg yonr pardon," I moving away liom tbe gate. ing " 'I stopped in some surprise, and indeed with some sense of relief; lor ic was nut the same priest that I had seen in the morning. Mo two, indeed, could well be more unlike ; for this man was small, white-haired, gentle looking, with a soft sad smile inexpressibly sweet and winning. "You wero looking at my arbutus?" he said. I had scarcely observed the arbutus till now, but I bowed and said something to the effect that it was an unusually tine tree. " Yes," he replied; "but I have a rho dodendron round at the front that is still finer. Will you come in and nee it?" I said I should be pleaded to do so; he led tbe way, and I followed. "I hope you like this part of our Rhine country V belaid, as we took the path through the shrubbery. "I like it so well," I replied, "tbat if I were to live auywbeie on the banks of the Rhine, I should certainly choose some spot on the Upper Rhine between Schaffhausen and Basle." "And you.wpuld be right," he said. "Nowhere is tbe river so beautiful. Nearer the glaciers .it iimilky and turbid-beyond Basle it soon becomes mnddy. Here pre have it blue as tbe sky-sparkling as champagne. Here is my rhododendron. It stands twelve feet high, andicoea&ures; as many in diameter. I had more than two hunured blooms upon it last spring." "When I had duly admired his giant shrub, he took me to* little arbour on a bit of steep green bank' overlooking the liver, where he invited me to sit down and tees. Fiom hence I could see tbe porch and part of tbe float of bis little house,-bat it was allBOcloselyplanted round .wwfeh. trees and shrtiba, that no dear view of it seemed obtainable in any direction. Here we sat lot some time chatting about the wsatbfit, the apnrnanhing. winfcap. ,0 forth, and watching the sunset Then I rose - to take my leave. . . , 1 '[1 iw&wi; yon this evening at the Krone, newJQsix,vfcjei «ud, "You mm) out, or I; upon you.1 am glad that us jr cquamted. uDoyoo m io Basle, " a little, 1 I-fear, in stammered, ' I wuj look .. N , '***?$*? have intruded " -1 said, seeingme vpea ^ dumeaa?' Werti pfete^jttnr col ebfoken in upon his bee&eolirogiathe; " " thU Having said tb«e words, be b >ir«a" j.!. bt-ad. uud bis lips moved in silent nrw', - When he looked up again, his ejes weie fall of teaiB. -My son," be said, laying bis tremblino band upon tny arm, I owu you an cation ; but. I cannot giveit to yoa now Tt most wait till X can speak more calmlj to-morrow, when I most see you again. It involves a terrible story-a story pecaluflv painful to myself-enough now if 1 J0£ that I have seen the Thing you describe--#^,! it many times; and yet, because it has been viiible to my eyes alone, I have doubted tU evidence of my senses. The good people bete believe that much sorrow and meditation have toncbedmy brain. I havehalf believed it mjbelf till now. Bat you-yoa have ptovei to roe that I am the victim of no ill union." "Bat, in Heaven's name." I exclaimed " what do you suppose I saw in the iamfJ sitfral?" " You saw the likeness of one who, guilty aUo of a double sawder, committed th» deadly sin of sacrilege in tbat very spot, mor& then thirty years ago," replied the Pere Chi Et z, solemnly. .' Caspar Rufenacbt!" " " Ah! youbave heard -theetory ? Thai I am spared the pain of telling it to yoa. That is welJ." c m " ' " " " ? - - I bent fey head in spferice, and we walkefr together without another word to the wicket, and thence round to the church-yard gate. It was now twilight, and the first stars were* out. "Good-night, my son," said the pastor* giviDg me his hand. " Peace be with yoa." As he spoke the words, hid grasp tightened -bis cjts dilated-his whole countenance became rieid. . . < .. . "Look he whispered. "Look where it goes!" I followed tbe direction of bis eyes, and there, with a freezing horror which I have no words to describe,~I~saw-^distinctly saw tbiough the deepening gloom-a tall, dark \- figure in a priest's sontane and broad-brimmed hat, moving Blowly across the path leading from the parsonage to tbe cbtirch. For &. moment, it seemed to panse-then passed on to tbe deeper shade, and disappeared. " Yoa saw it?" said the pastor. " Yet-plainly." He drew a deep breath ; crossed himself devoutly; and leaned upon the gate, as if exhausted. " This is the third time I have seen it this year," he said. "Again I thank God for the' certainty tbat I see a visible thing, and that Ilis great gift of reason is mine unimpaired. But I would that He were graciously pleased to release roe from the sight-the horror of it is sometimes more than I know how to bear. Goodnight." With this, he again touched my hand ', so, teeing that he wished to be alone, I silently left hnii. At tbe Friedrich's Thor. I tamed and looked back. He was still standing by the churchyard gate, just visible through tbe gloom of tbe fast deepening twilight. I never saw the Pfere Chessez again. Save his own old serv&ut;, I was the last who spoke with bim in this world. He died that night -died in Lis bed, where he was foand next morning with his hands crossed upon his breast, and with a placid smile upon his lips, as if he had fallen asleep in the act of prayer. As tbe news spread from house to houser the whole town rang with lamentations. Tbe cbarch-bells tolled; the carpenter* left their work in tbe streets; ihe chil dier, dismissed from school, went home-, weepiog. f I " 'Twill be tbe saddest Keftne&s; in Rbein fel den to-morrow, mein Harr !" said my good I host of the i£rone, as l snook hands with him at parting. "We have lost the best of [ pastors and of friends. He was a saint. If yoa had come bat ante day later, youwould' not have seen him !" . .' And with ihis he broshed his sleeve aoroas his eyes, and turaeil a#*?. . Every shatter wmb op, every blind down,, every door closed, as I passed along jfche Friediich's Strasse about midday, on my way I to Bade; and. the few townsfolk! ..met looked grave and downcast. Then X ortwaed the bridge, end, laving shown my passport to the German sentry on tha Baden sme, I took one lonfe last farewell Jdok.at tlie!fitfle walled town as it lay sleeping in the snnshin* by the river-knowing thAtTShould see it no more. ;/; . > v: . i .. <. i ; ? - ' "That's 'one ghost,' evidently," said Arthur Stacey, referring to Cameron** pencilled memorandum, shoald say. decidedly1 inexplicable. Slow fpr -the next and be took np the underlying paper,, which. waslaheDed,^- . THE BIGH0E J0H5. ?? T»I. 1M > * Ci 4* ? m .von may henceforth wear her clothes." I tears in'the morning when he saw I !" her dress, bat was so well pleased after that I ran to the hearest tarn to see I could lie like. The tarn was nearly Tiifid with rosy clouds, besides a gigantic «5ne.fcree, which tapered np and broke them. t seised theeotubre draperies of the pine-tree, ind gazing into the water, saw a maiden jS_' women whose fathers ate wealthy vine-dressers. Her petticoat was of orange /"Totb her long, narrow apron- of a rich Slide of blue, her black velvet bodice was uced with gold over white, and.a deep red was folded well about her waist. The rtrJvpart of the picture that 1 knew was a I USe dark countenance, with bright: red lips, nad the wide black eyes that seemed to take nn half the face. I .tnarked Niccolo'a plaits and the silver arrows he had fastened in I bbem and the bunch of scarlet ash- berries I ?Web he had fixed behind my ear. I "saw that this was ipyself, and ran merrily back to the chalet to hug my little "Niccolo,'and tell tint not to pinch oar neighbour Teresa, who «as kindly coming to keep house for him whilst my father and I were away. piacido with his male came to meet us: a young man of the tillage who had sometimes hosinesB on our Alp. He brought us to see bis house, in whion be had just put pretty furniture, and asked us to praise the fresco of St. Florian upon the'gable, which he had1 lately got retouched for the festa. He had also made a new staircase np to his balcony; and the people joked Piacido, saying he meant to take a wife. It wet a very pleasant festa. People treated me as a woman, now that I was grown enough to wear my mother's clothes. I was often «sked to dance, and listened to with atten tion when I sang and played the zither. The next day Piacido brought lis a long way upon our road towards home; we could not get him to leave ns till the worst of the journey was past. ThAnks to his stout mule, we got over all our difficulties, and were going along mer rily, when we heard a voice above us shouting through the pines. » Right above our heads there was a desert of lonely crags, a wild and dreaded place, where death lies in wait for men. My father left me sitting upon a pine-stump, and went shouting up the crags, seeking the stranger who had called. He returned with him by and bye, and we hurried along on our journey, for though the air was flushed with colour, yet the darkness was close at hand. We hastened along in silence, dragging each other np steeps, and going hand In nana, step by step, slowly across narrow shifty places. The traveller had a fur foreign look, which Is to as most perfect beauty. His lockB shone in the twilight, after my father's dusky head had got lost in the gloom of the pines. Arrived at our Alp at last, we found Teresa preparing supper, and Niccolo siting in the doorway, piping shrilly np to,the moon. The 1 stranger gavie me his hand up the last ascent, then raised it to>his lips.' " Illy pretty little girl," he stud, "you have certainly saved my life." When Niccol6 sawus coming he limped to meet us. "Who is this that has come with yon, Netta, who smiles and kisses your hand?" " Hush! Niccolo: he is English, bat he un derstands oar talk." The stranger threw down his hat and knap, sack before our door. The firelight shone over the threshold, and our neighbour T«ress ap peared carrying ont the supper-table, which she placed upon the grass. The next morning, when I wakened. I peeped down between the raftersof mybedroom in the loft, and saw the stranger talking to my father in the doorway. I crept down the ladder, and found nobody in the place. Niooolo had lit the fire for me, and gone away to his work, and I heard my; father's voice shouting in the distance. The signor was then gone. Iheaved a sigh between regret and relief, and seized hold of a pitcher, and prepared to go to the tern. I made a step across the threshold, and started back; the signor was leaning smoking '.gainst our -chalet .t , I sprang back »t> qaiokly that I broke the pitcher, and had to press my hand on my eyes to keep the tears from falling. " Child!" said the signor, smiling in at me, "whydo yon take such pains to hide your face? Onedpes not see so-pretty a'thing every j ??day."- ? i. ?" "I am not pretty tbistnorning," I said. "It was only my m otherV clothes. And I was tiding my face in trouble because I have broken my jug." ! "And you were going to fetch water Y' he said, '' and ponder pail n too heavy for you ? And itwasall owing tome that you'broke the pitcher!" He lifted thepaQ on his shoulders. -"Come.* let us fetch the water," beaaid, " I shall want you to show me the <way.'" ? > ^ "= We fetched the, water toeether,-and the atnnger tanght me to tall'mm 3nie Signor John., He had *n air grand and gentle, jand a pleasant lightin his eyea:* H6 laughed gaily; when amnsed, and that encooragfcd- tnfe. At; breakfast we saw nd Nicq616,-to« Tinvlted' the Signor Johnto look at his camngs^ at fit Barbara with her towiit, St Dorothy and! her roses. St Vincenthis brjflians. St,. Elizabeth, whose roy&lmaiiti;© was litledwith! bread. Niccolo had carved them £11.' and they, | stood tin a rowinWW ^frl&hop.; ^Tbfcy were; far tills finest things .wewwigot in our ch&let; ;>? yet when I brought tfoii sign W tb look at thetn; I Niccolo ahut tbedoor Ih Mrtao^J ^ ; ' i| the6" "^k^1 sSi-l totmel wriA illT MacMo appeared with his mt and fift. vf* tSlP?* we]cotned him kindly, and bade him sit down and eat. : He Imrtrmi atwrnge y at the Signor JohT and theaTt friend spoke «» him plea ?flier PllutMA^£ were800n conversing toee ££' m,an' with a «»m J*®. *|fd <tork thoughtful eyee. and i above them, and a heap of «£d hS? R^ul5at ltlt hU ""nplw broad !SJ -®?flhad.a 8low gentle smile, but pi 4 f and ?m in speech. "As steady as Sfi ' waa . byword down iThfa J^tSSSF over Placido seized on the aii^c^ledJf W to theoh&let;, A«r"YlEg^)?l.fals,fi^p8 wlth adifsh »nd ewer! fhJ^il.n.0 P}»tteraandrestoTed them to i^,fn^edl®y tafjk and put off my apron, chatterwg gaily to him all the titoe. I-Smld fiwre looming out against the' firelight, ana at the satne time my father and mbonjight. standing talking out in the . "^la4do bpd given, me very absent answers: .Jt. J made a sudden move, and with two long strides Btood right before me. ' Netta," he said, "I came to ask if you would marry me. , ? J" utterly amazed, and a good deal xngntened; he looked so very determined, as if I must come off that moment, whether 1 would or not. My knees knocked together, and I clung to the table. "Tou don't really mean it' Placido- you cannot want a wife!" "Not any wife,"he said; " I only ask for you." "Oh, Placido, don't!" I said. "Look you, my little dearest one!" he urged, "you may think me a rough lover. But never was a wife more loved and ..prized than you will be, if you come to me!" " Thank you. Placido," I said, " you mean to be very kind to me; but I do not think about marrying; and please be so very good as not to ask me again." My father and the Signor John here put in their heads at the door. "What is this that is going on?" said my father. " Netta ! are you scolding our neigh bour?" "Ob, no,.po!" cried Placido, "it is only that my suit displeases her. I asked her just now to many me ; and she does not wish to consent." "What?"cried my father, turning to me. "You don't mean to say that you would refuse so kind an offer ? Do not think about me, my daughter. I would rather see you provided for than keep you for my comfort." " I do not like to marry," I said, weeping. "I do not love Placido, and it wonld be dreadful to have to many him." Pl&cido;'a face flushed, and then turned pale again. " I did not come here to make you weep," be said, sadly. " The pain of my dis appointmentis not worth one of your.tears." Be turned to go away; but my fatherr seized him by the arm. " Wait, my dear friend!'' he said, "and do not be offended at a girl who is still a child." Then turning to the signor, who had looked on gravely at this scene: *' Signor 1 come to my assistance," he cried. " Netta will heed your counsel." The signor looked at me tenderly, with an uneasy look in his facfe' ' "As "you Bay, she is only a child," he said. " I Wyou will give her a little longer time to play." " So be it then," said my father. I drew a long breath of relief, and looked gratefully at the friend who had saved me. Placido gazed from me to the signor, and from the signor back to me; then suddenly laid bold of his alpenstock and bade us a' quick good-night. After this vre had some more pleasant days, till at last there arrived a sad one when the signor prepared to leave >ns. I felt an odd pain in my heart which I could nbt drive "away. The night before his departure I was standing at the fire alone; the logs' were almost burnt, and tayinaredheap on the hearth. The signor came and stood by me. ,'Netta,whenIamgone yonmost often think of ma" I strove with a sensationof choking. \- "WhatI haveyoanotawordforme?" .. "l do not want to weep," £ cried, and my tears eamedown In astonn. VI will certainly fcome backnert year," saidthe isignor. "and thon^ou will be. aj womangrown." I wrung any hand away from him, andfled tomyioft. The next morning at breakfast hescarcely looked at me.. My fattier wis going a ^journey with hitn, and they talked :abont^--tber roads. Niocolo, who had now become merry, made faces behind the: signer's, fa*dc,wfaile I rtood miserably in the.door way, rubbing my chilly hands together. The. < travellers bade osgood.bre, aod- Nieoolowent; off «obis woikshop; but l.stood gazing: ,dreari]y.4own«lie Alp., ^ TMsfgator itemed and came back to me. ." Buy yourself aribbon, ptetty onja," he laid, " wnpn yoti go to the nfext feeta.' . : In another moifoent he waa gohe,.and I; had a pieceof igold in my band.. Loitered ^; moan of indignation, and went flyingdown, the AJp. ^'SignorJohn! Signor John! | -1 cried, In a TMtoe tfcat nrnst have been shrill enough to frighten the eagles. . '-v . j Icrushsd the money into his litnd, but it( fell to the ground between ns r andhe hurried off, l»ti|hlng,! and looking over hi* shoulder, i I dug the earth with my nails, and buried: tbe gold where' it ; Ja^ ;-then fled away into ] the nine-brake to>weep long and fierpel#.) That evening Plsdido came baok andt <*.! peated his question. Igaye him aiaiullekij " No;" andhe want*; awayrapw sadlr( than he bad done before. Aai tfceii 1! fcegantoget bappyagain; for Niccolo did sot! pli^mijaridiilkedtaine 'all About his! i eanring«, 4ut as before the signor came;i Biitiroyiadier cametiwdciraiai hisjoanwyj ith a ta-ouWed'ifaba.^.sJrwviw»iHl ^PUatto M» *aiag^f' 4» said T' and j gone to posh bis way hi the woridi .)>>' .??A jmf .!»«&> " .".lids jd'f ai 'W ,bn., ...... iWd sorely hut ; and only I, u if bymiracle, eeoipedv r,,|"! i':f' '...«".? ?' *.!''<. | We sat for manyhours «6 the fallen rocks, till tbe people from the tillage readied as,: when tbey brought ns down to their housed, and treated us like their own. I triedto rive little trouble, for-Ihad nothing to' give them. inreturn; nothing at all had we saved but' the clothes that we wore; Nicoolo'saim was hurt eo that he could not carve, andawtenan'e work is not much when die has not got a home to work in. The housewives in the village had got daughters of their own,atid nobody seemed in need of a girl to help them. The worst was that nobody would love Niccolo, for, besides being utterly helpless, tbe lad had a biting tongue. Placido's aged mother came out to look at me; when she sa# my saddtined f*6e the teats ?came down her clieek. ' "My girl," ate said, "1 have hated yon, for yon sentmy son away, hat tbe Lord has sent yob trouble, and I must forgive yon." 1 She: bought me into her house, and I told her my Utter thoughts, and that I wanted to go down to the world where wages are given to labour. "At Como, she said, "are the silk fantnriPH; and there is many a way of earning when one gets down to the level world. You used to play the Either, and -fcaKT£ long ago," I said, " and. the zither is buried with my father. I fear that all my music is buried "with it" " At your age the mosic is not hushed so quickly," she said, kindly, and nulled an old zither down from a shelf. "It used to be sweet enough," she added; "take it with my blessing. At least it may cheer your way if it puts no money in your purse, And the village shall see to your Niccolo; though it must be owned he is an imp," So I resolved to go down to the level world, to work at the silks of Cotno, or at anything I could find to do. The zither i was to go with me, and Niccolo was to stay j at the village till such time as I should have money to come back and fetch him. I took my zither on my Bhoulder, and .& wallet in my hand, and. committing myself to God, I set out on my lonely way. Niccolo limped along with me half a milfi, and when we found be could go no farther, we stopped on the lonely road for a last embrace. The poor lad had always loved me dearly, and his spirit was quite broken now, and he clung to me with cries. It was a moment of the cruellest anguish when I had to push him at last away from me. and to hurry away. I heard his sobs behind me for a long way as I went, and later fancied I could bear tbem still, in the rush of the falling river, and the faint wail of the pines. I had passed two pretty villages along my way. and the sun had already set when I reached the third. There was a glare behind the mountains, and a warm golden haze floated in the vale. The houses came down a hill, Mid tbe streets were flights of steps. 1 ar above the roofs, and out of the chesnut- trees, rose the burning brazen cap of tbe campanile, and the bell was sounding lazily, m if ringina itself to sleep. The pines I had left behind me, in fringe of olive and purple, onthe dusky , heights: and here there were only the heavily laden fruit trees, chesnutB drooping over my | shoulder, cherries dropping into my mouth, ! walnuts lining tbe roadside, and fig-bushes thrust in my path. Vinea ran over the walls, and upon the crimsoned roots, and clusters of ripened grapes* hung in at the 4oprs and windows. A cloud of silvery smoke had blent with the haze of the sunset, and there was a smell as of taming logs and fragrant f°The next day I passed through stUl more villages, and got down to the flush and bloom of the Lombard plains.. The mountains here became walls of a giganhc garden,, vines wrapped their terraoes, and melons ripened j in the abeadowa in $he miaefc of the corn, j Plums were »s lumps of «old» and tbe peacnes | slowed in the frnit-gatherer s basket, while i nectarines and aprioots added perfume to the j coloured air. Great rows of mulberry-trees bo&rd; a smtll failing vessel that Don tbe lake, eajauna my farebya >ent Staging down to Como, feet.. t m MiMnm me niimw w iu| ; aatttot head-dress, and a lame cross of gold. boatmen with dazzling shirts and bnlliant nnnfipn The lake glowed with the most Giulia, the. captain'swife, found T a lodging in the town of Como. a closet under Smney.beside theioom wheresheand her husband haaibeir homa. In .orderto reach this nefitt I bad to climb a hundred stew which .woundihanfloatnLthe houses noito thrrnofo Mdses«MM»a«e^ttoBBOW>A; ,in the morning, wheels rolling, vbk»s shout ing, tambourines ringing, beddas the eound of many novel kinds ol music. l_bnMhed uD my dusty clothes, *nd»8ntOTtto look atthe town. The ^pte- wbre bol^8 in the piazisa ol tbsfinomo, and tables were there aet oat with yrovi&iona; pUad on them lavishly.n The abopsunder the Joggiejrare already all Uiws ana Seep amber curtains overhead. whiohha^^-t^csgM^fr^ ,the upper »indowa,n/Colours ware.flasoing ssS^SSSJSA®;' tSBtesfS.. , boatman! w * io<v }'.?> psfficf. : ,lvN#tta!" bewhkrperedj aarcitedly. >His faoe ra 'flushed, ana^Swe ^e vtears inhis mind io-#etaAi' to tbe jAlps. Bot now l believe I'll waitabit. There's never gofcd in haste." "There is fi capt^n's wife who is good to tiie," I Mid, it Mng flow mytum agifin ; ,M4tod' she sa^a I«batt eam inwiey by BingSng.for the people here in the mains fete asfobd oftrmsicas ourselves. I sing* better thafi I -ufcedfodo, and your niothOThatfgiveh me ber zither;"-': 1- ,l . "LittUJ NcfttAf'^e ha*ei mhde'a good'bit of money, tea r don't liketo think tb&tyou; must Work.5 I can't forget the day when you declared you conld ? not lovetnfe, Wit maybe if you were to tffr jcn might: change ^our mind. ? It'a'riot that I )tm much i to care for; but the lovp in toy heart 4a strong. "Who knows bnt that, after ail, I: could makeycu(happy!" . "? *': :*4 iPlacido," I said, "you are »' kind inafa, but as I refused to tnarty iou befprtt Wheiir J had got a home, sol will not accept jbu notf, bpcpty&Iamm;nee$.of<^.H "I would not bribe yqu with anyttuhgjjut just nay love," be, answered, mournfully "So if it cannot be, it cpn't, and I will not vex yon. Yon must at least let me ,oe your fnend, however." My best friend," 1 said; and after that we walked hand in hand about the church. Flocido showing me the pictures, and ex .plaining what they meant, and telling me the touching stories that are painted in the jewelled windows. The captain's wife befriended me, and people liked my music, and I. could earn mora money with my Either than in the factories. The people'would gather round me, asking each for his favourite song,-and my story got whispered among them, and tbey were kinder than I could telL "She sings for a helpless brother." they said, and fees'.were therefore doubled as tbey dropped in toy lap. Great people, also, would send for me now from their villas; and I began to save a little money. I had to eing one evening at a palace on the lake, and it was dark when I took my seat in the verandah. The lake glittered with moonlight, and all along the terraces hung dimly-coloured lamps. A crowd of gay figures bad gathered on tbe marble steps that led into tbe water. When I sang every one listened; when I ceased, I was for gotten ; save that somebody went to a table and fetched me wine. I looked up to thank this somebody, and saw the Signor John. - "Little Netta!" he exclaimed, amazed. "Can it be possible that this is you ?" "Yes,signor,"I said. " Tell me how it has happened," he asked. "What can have fetched you down out of' tbe Bnows toComo?" "My father is killed by the avalanche," I said, "and I am earning money for Niccolo, who is butt in the Alps. It is now time for me to go, signor; good- bye!" "Stay, 1 am going with you!" he said, and followed me out on the hill, carrying my zither. " Sit down here and rest," he said, when we had cone a little way. " But I have still to get to Como," I said, and I want to rest in my bed." .' That is true," said the signor, smiling. Let us tben take'a boat at once!" I looked up the water, and assured myself that Placido was nowhere waiting for me. I stepped into the Bignor's boat, and went float* inK with him down the moonlit lake. "How beautiful you have grown, Netta!" said the,signor as we went. " Did I not tell yon thatjou would be a woman when we should meet again ?" I gravely shook my head. I remembered that he had not come .back, even to see if I were alive. .. _ " You have also grown prim and cold," he added presently. "Indeed, you are so changed tbat I wonder how I knew you." "It is only that one cannot always be a child," I said, sadly; and be lifted me out of the boat, and brought me to the foot of the staircase which led up to my pest in the root When I peered down from the top I saw him still looking up. I looked then! into thfe glass sit the face which the Signor John, had called "Ilacido never told me that I was bean tffnl," I reflected. III. ^ ; . riAfter tb*t I saw tbe si«nor every day., | had long walks on ttet hUls with- hjm, and many a pleasanthour on the moonlit lake. He oped to meet me at the Doomo, so that I could nottbiukof,J»yprayerei andGiuliabeg - tease me. calling me anobleEnglish dai Ypu'U not "forget .we and baby," she said. "You'll «end us * present from Englandand IJiad alMafly mesidered in secretabontwhatlshopldsendher. r I thought I sbouldbe extrenuslyhappy WW it not for Placido Lorez; but his nee was always before "me, and his eyes had got grave and «&<L His sadness trembled me so much that l tried to keep out of his way, and he soon saw that I avoided him. and was carefnl not to annoy me. Once when I went out ftn the lake with the Signor John, it happened ? picked tip his oanh and took bis seat so thathe could not see me; and new spoke a word nor moved his head. Hisoars fffifr&Ka; ft rsttift tfss sign of life be might bavabeen takep.fora man of stone. Se didnot even glance at me bio«W,r®Ji the verge of the Jake; my zither perched on my shoulder, ana flowers blooming my breMt; rareferight flowers, «ent me that mwsing by the Sipior Jphn. It .was " fojh&alfrmopn.; wheatfojeis* glitter .ugh aburmng pf colour ,ter, spch isbvand dazzle and underfoot, tbat sometimes ope nower, 7jt&>uj|h none wpre so. tell-as timSsBSsmist ioa selfish, for I bate no wish on earth, If It be notto flee yon happy.. If I could have made you happy, I would have done it; but a* that ii Dot to be- byHeaven I'll see that no One shall make you wretched!" "I ana not so easily made wretched,''I said haughtily. Placido' looked at me tenderly . for a moment, and then tamed away his face. "Wicked tongues can break the purest heart," be said, sofely. "I looked at.&rim; in great atnafoment, and then I blushed: my face blushed, ana my ears, my throat, and my naked arms: 'and then the blood seemed to freeze within me. and my pulses got cold and atOL >1 did not speak for a- minute, but gazed on the ground and thought "Placido, you may look at me now,*' I said, presently, ." for I am only going to thank you." . Then I turned and left him, and want my way. I did not flaunt so gaily, nor tripao lightly asusual. rThe {>ain in Pladdo's face had given.Uea shock. The sijmorwaa already waiting for me np in the bills'; it being now a matter of course that I should meet him therein the evenlc^s, Wben we would watch the sun set: redly behind the vineyards; while he talked to me all about England, and of his home where "my pretty portrait now hung on the wall. I bad believed that he always thought of me (pk future mistress of this honoured home: never thinking at all of the gulf between us. Now I sat by him silently looking down on the shining lake.. " Netta," he said, " what ails you?" " I have been thinking of bow I can tell you that I must not come here again," I said. "Most not come here again!" he echoed. "Who has the right to prevent you?" "Only my own will," 1 answered. " Then that must bend to mine," he said, smiling, " for I cannot live without you." A lump rose up in my throat, but I choked it down. ''Signor," I said sadly, "lam an iguorant girl from the mountains, while you- you know the world. You might have been kinder." He glanced quickly at my face; his brow suddenly reddened, and he turned his bead away from me. So had Placido looked when he feared to pain me; only Placido had nothing to blusn for ; the blush had bam left for me. "There is no need to be vexed," I said, ' and I did not mean to hart yon. I am going bick to the town now. I shall always hi proud of your friendship, Signor John." "I waited a minute patiently, but he did not move his hbad. I did not see any reason why I should wait or Bpeak to him again, so I turned away and began walking towards the town. I heard his steps coming behind me. ''Netta!''he called. "Well?" I said. "Netta, will you be my wife?" I felt a great shock of triumph. He had really said the wbrds, and I could tell Pla cido ; and.yet somehow all the gladness had gone out of my Heart. In an hour my life was changed ; yet I did not know it. - I said "Yes," slowly, for I thought I loved h'm, and I remembered that he was anoble sienor, and thgt in this her was very good. Pacido had Said truly that lords, doiiot mairy peadsritt^ and the signor h&d; mid» a sacrifice in order to win my hand. I'knew t'jat I ocght to be, proud of it, and yet Some how I felt ashamed. 'I could not forget his face when he bad turned it away from .ate, nor ths struggle which I bad then wlfcfessed, nor the wound that httd been g^vento my pride. Surely i might be content I thouaht. yet I weptthatwbolenightthrough; Ithotightl had been a great dealhappier when alone on the Alpine paths. The signor broucht me gifts ; a chain for my neck, and trinkets for my ears, and a ring Tor my fingers, as a pledge of troth. Nev<-r was a more generous lover than the S gnor John. The evening after I received them I decked myself in the jewels, and nut out into the twilight to- bring my n6ws to Placadoi. This frienjl. had been away at Colico since early dawn, and I watched for his coming bade from my little window up in the roof. His boat pulled into the harbour jost after sunset " "Oh.;. Netfca,! is it jon?" he cried, and sprang eagerly to tfcieb&ch.; j: shook my head at him laughingly, and the dying flare of the soil biased on my jewels. ' '? .. "Placido, I have come totellyou about it: I am to be married tfais day week!" Placido bent his bead : "I thank God for your welfare," he said. I bit my lips cruelly, and the tears sprang to my eyes. I bad thought that he might have * been just a little grieved. "It iswonderful." I said, "howfriendscan be glad to lose on&" Placido looked at me in .wonder. His face was deadly pale, and he anpeaied to lie very tared, or to have lately suffered. Somehow I could not be satisfied, thongh'I had come but here to triuajph-oVer tiinfi. He had thought Iconld be treated'lightly, and I had shown him his fears were vkSn. .He had thanked Godformyhappuiessj^ndthat wasall. He began now 'to speak cheerfully, aeeing that clouds h&d; gathered on sOf face. ' " Bo yon are going tobefi noblaladj'!" he 8«id, '"in some 6'plehdid place beyond seas. Maybe in the. course of years you will come backtoComd. " lJa . I did^ not beljeve a. word of it; it seemed all alyu>g tale. J[c wu like the stories told out of the curling smoKe when the logs are burning in,the Alps. I stood upon a heap of sails- wlth my fwa on the 'fedge of, this boat my, jewels .flwhiiut w the boat swayed, and toy ey^oattie tight was ig. i bea noble lady, *--with, the difference, in the flays that.were sull to oome. or* .lapped ' jewels ir«fio%ioafe i«,' SabrabjJy, as if ,. thought . tsttatrandstarp^fc -tof my excitement lb arranging for lbtbiy poorhdipUis l*ire of him.w I * -1 -mi - - ? creatorr pwpfe ditJaked. a»i c*Se? tk imp. I fe*d ppxe&A; to cam* fa«fc ftr msj b&Ak;^x, tttA. I rowed I weetii fceep Next 4*? I w txtaez than I need kfe bs«& an tij- U^iiiu *ea& on tbe fciiL " < i**a4, K .»» tt be m tatted \ttsit6*-. c«. -T©6 »=* no* eaB me ' kw*,' JCetta.* "its, ltinplwt Yam Eeesesatoer 1 brockr Svastef Xky: UiiATi face ctondrf. "I w i member H»» «a." fee mb<. "Be fe«**aag tStInmtBfar him, spin tfae Alpt" , ., "HefBn£wszte.ioBC tasetbea, >c«*, if joc are cessac witk ?ae." " "6i^ari said, "can «t sot bdacAK' &Af;>9ith *&T; He ItxiW & Jo* luwii <m He did. m: sesft to be ^rr*fc~T*-'*. I; it *m oolJ th*t I* f^U Mr.cW. " N®, *e«*: indeed we eoskl not take ksflB-* "He ba« co one at a& bat sse,' I sasd, speaking k>w-holdingmy tawth. M esi( laa to <Lo vufaovt iw, thffl. Ones tor «Ii, »y F«**F ooe, JOB. «*«i ic^re jo«r frksde btwid job ; thongs r « «*'< mia p»»uie for J oar bcocbec^fettutc some cee to take good tut <( Mb sp is the BOtttti&i.;" "No ofee lore# Kiccoio," I nraitered, r» fediTeij'. "Tbetefctfeyoo wed not think «« cra^f aid (be hjtw. "Thaetoit I cannot kare tiia." I whis pered. Tbe Bgnor began to look angry. " "Nett* r be add, "yon ulxUi-* dsikL Yoo most try «> Ib"f. *?'** «h&* ^ tbi plain trcth. It will be rp .vr t *rd esoegb ct^ n me " Here be stopped. "Y«r I aid, looking at him. "leil me wfc&s; will be bard." . " JfotLisg." he ni4 scsOiri? egua; no thing tLat win not be set rapt w&dt; joa bare b*en a year in En^and." "And bare qoiie foqsotten ItfcT - "And bare almost forgotten luuj. And now, »ir»ce thai u settkd, my NeUA. u&l; oewfcat joa will bare for a wedding gift r "feignor," I Mad, "yo« tavfc alievir sp»w: p^f too niBch. Ym Live, indeed, been ywy good to me-tba* I cannot forget" ' Tmh. yetfi what is tbe matter with yen f Le * " I w3I gire yoa anjtLin^ jcm like." I tzt rilect again, looking oat crer the water. In tbe distance some eU^ant ladin were etnfaariring txoa their taarble ftairca*e. Away at the bottom of tbe lake towered tbe ezore waJU of tbe Alpc, and aw^, farther etiB, folded np aomewbae in tbeir royal purple, ttt myud crippled brother, my poor peerisb lad. wbotn nobody, aare myKlf, would ever lore. Yonder; with tbe dainty 1 was die ptaoe for tbe Signor John ; rrAm. fu in the Alps, witb Niccofo. "gigccr," I aaid at last, "I am an ignorant giti, bot I bare been lately tbinking mote tfeaa jon woold bettere. I acknowledge that it ww gewrotn of joa to aak mts to be yotu vife, «od tb&t; my lore woald not be worth to yon all tbe trouble it unit coat. Like aboold mate with like, and yoo and I ate onlike; yet I dxxridbardl? hare dared to apeak had it not tfffl for Niccolo." Tbe aiptor looked at me in amazement " Yoo mean that yoc want to be frre ngain, KetU." " Ye«,"Iaaidf Mifjwn pleaae." "Yon nean to &n; op everything for Kleedof "To-morrow I abaQ be on tbe Alpa, going back for biro "I said. "Ketta. yOT shall not flit me r "Ko, Higfm John, that would, indeed be too aaccr. Yoo shall jilt me, if yon tike it feOt&CT;*" " Tbii is vetj fine," be said, " but I shall alter TOUT war of tfainkisclf' " In tbe meantime say good-bye, rignor, (or I sball not me joa to-morrow." "Good-bye, Netta. for the present.'' "Good-bye, Signor John, end tn«y God be witb yoo. He bad cangbt both my bends, as if be would not let me go; bat I twisted them from him ssddenty, and. want rnnoing down the hiU and oat of bis sfejbt I padced np my Jewels, and sent them back to |tbeir owner, who bad been generous enoogb to glre tbem, as thon^i I nad been Jit to be Ins wife. My good GiaUa carried 1bRB, after moonlM otar ttMaa te an boot, aid earir on tbe following day I went oat to look U>t Pladdo. "Pre come to sayjpod-bye, Placida I'm efff sow to tbe Alps. "Tbe Alps r cried Placido, wondering}?, "For Piccolo," I said, brightly. "We are ^ not going to England tnoogb. Tbe signor is * gotogatoBe." Placidosptang from bis boat witu a radiant lace. "Ab, NeUa! is it troth? Bat joa shall net trarel alonck". . "0f coonel^tall trard alona. I did it before widi.a sadder beact," ^T«b«5Sto see my mother," aaid motber will begladtoaee joa." .. "As glad as your Niccolo to aee job. " I'll take cate to tdl bar joa ara cotoifl&f;' I taid. "Yon think, then, that JOB aw likely to ootwalk ner "What I do yoa mean to aay that ion are coming with me nowf "I tsean to be tour feUow-trftr^Ier/' iie aald/'nn^ss JOB talmetralytbat joowodd yatber be alone." c^aJd not anr that I would xattier feo ^."0at«ow« nadeoor joamej tMetberMk Alps. As we weot floog JPladdotjrtd l bMo bacansal coitldiiuot ilWt(W«Mr'tow{ase K ft *4(S3. f&ZWl; In * ?"L- » Tvy»- - w» Ft» fes «r own iis4 jwd. wbw*Use Sagoer Jefcs feas has toaee btawsag fasa cas&iag; Unsafe bside. Ai Arte Sfcawy wd toe latvocd^ 1M bjddenOtBtsaavtHjlooiudiiaiBrf bia. Tfee candle* were bganaiiig to flickw is tbcu KdKti, and tike cn& of the tomb wm afaeadyindMiunas. Tot wind was blowing pretty atagy offtmfr, and tfas roar oC tbe /thatitwaefttinffliaahfeaitori is sauce k» smTtl ci Xtitnii*. KenrtUea. Anfear tfaoapbt that t tars. is the freafe «r woadd do In pid: atx desiring 1m thick i eoat sad orieosg uu ctafia to fee lit nady icr bat wom, be sallied iottb tad fiboed the atocm. y«tan%wwB^, « it teemed to him, be taraed la steps tontd toe 06 oe, with the jatanaoB of tn2iii{ fajawrff ©f ftesnii ricnvM l»d been acaocded Us of seeioc the Stars a* west. Mr. G» waa la las rub ac Artfcsr entered die bill, and the door bang open, be looked up, aad pairing cede t be pepets om vini be bid been ' , lonoparatd the rator isto the of t be Lamp. e it was, ever bandog brightly, and erer etsdsoBsfy watched. Tbey stood btfrimj, (fee stem*, at nsnal, with his eye» intent on tte paper tcreeo. bat tfae spot of light remained steady and wKiniat Scarcely, however, bad they tamed aaide to chxx at the fireplace when their attention wu attracted by the mmetamt of the light, now to tfae left, now to (fee rigbt of the cemre toe. and by the Slave's saying: ** New York tefli Heart"a Can tent that an Englishman nam»d Cameron, who «n be is a mead of Mr. Gay's, k in their o&ce;, talk ing to the aawrinteadesst. Heart's Contest thinks Mr. Gay mi^it like to knotr thk, so send* it on." "Cameron Is probabiy there aboai yoar boaness, Mr. Staeey." said Mr. Gsy, in a low tone. " II yon wait here a few nrinatm I bare no doubt we shall bare farther informa tion." So Arthw Staeey waited aad waited, but the Lamp revealed nothing that had toe troaflest interest for him. Incessantly went on the work of the two Slaves, the one readicg, the other recording message* of every conceivable kind; meaaages in French, and German, and English, rorasagca in cipbez, meaaages in broken' laagnage. to die oater world ai unintelligible as cipher, domestic lufaaajti, diplomatic mesaagea, and mnaiagi 1 of life and death; bat to Arthar Staoey the lamp spoke no more. Hied of waiting for further news from Cameron, after a abort time Arthur Staeey bade Mr. Gay good-night, taking with him tfae superintendent's pro mise that any moaaagc in which he was in terrested should be at once conveyed to him. He bad intended to go to bed on bis return, bat the thoaght that there might be news fro® Stewart Cameron had pot all aach ideas to flight. He mart beep to hear it when it came, and In mart divert his mind nntil it did come; aa he mixed himself a smoking tumbler of wbjaky-ponch, polled the ftedi-ligbted candles towards him, and com menced the perusal of the next manuscript, which bore the strange title of TEE LAST TEMABT8 OF RASQ. MAFB E0U8E They came no one knew whence, aad they lived no one knew how ; for thoighabe was evidently a lady born and bred, and mote delicate than moat, yet they lad no aerrant bet Molly Hartland, the abode-headed "maid " of old Jem living in the rand cot tage wider the cliff; and die went only by chance times, and not for long together; abe never atsyed a night in the hooae. HOT aaw mote of it than the kitchen where she did her "chores" in her rough way, and then left Tbey bad come qnite suddenly one wild October night, and had taken poaaeaafon of Hangman's House-a dilapidated old place wluch had got ita name from one of ita former poaaeaaora, who, anipected ofr treachery by his comrade*, had been banted like a rat> and caagbtln tfce loft, and his body left hanging on an improvised gallows out of the window. Since then it had earned bat evil sepojte, now for smugglers, now for apedsea; with darker tales still o! belated traveller* or ship wrecked men who had been aeen to go in, bat never to come oat: for all thoaeterziUe balf-nftfaic crimes whicb ate atue tocenteB in a long disused booae atanding toolate Mi a'wUdcoast Andtheie tbeaeUteat tenanta bad lived ever aince tiuir arrival, a year or so agone n«r, having nothing bat each food as mm abaobtdy neoeaaatj% aad aometftnea btviai BfoQy to do each workaa die lady waa pbyrically InayaMe of doing, Tbey had no visitors: tbey never received a letter; they called themselves Capstone, and were man and wife, tboagn they looked more like father aad daughter. Far be was a good twenty yean older thaaabe. and abe aeemed to nave more fear of Mm than goea vith wifely fore' of the xttht aort." -. He «u a tall, lean man. wftti a|qi)i6g eibooldera, a batebetfaoe, aoaed>in liaflwy aidd a lai®6 hooked noae wir^ the beak of a Urd of prey; his eyea wen atafell attd ofa fiery led. attnk lleep tieoeadt heavT browa, tfae coane light habs of 4Udi'fiu o^bt them like^ie tliatdi of apent-hoaae; Uittin lit* were aetinto a perpetatfinfia,! more aabue ibatt the noat open aneer ; Us 4timwK>oloared hair hnng toraily all rotmd from tb« oentre of hia head;«nd hU ' and bony baada had enftei 111mm pointed nails, which, to carry t& : Wanoe attH f nrtber, «rere alsoukeihiB of a; W*d of prey. His ebanoe be spoke to any M»'«<le-^iria' of exqi' Llliw hilll leariied to mote bis wratb. Indeed - it' fttth; for the more «n^~' l4-,'Jti Mavi^ beihofe4i ^>d; the iHfe yM Jiflf&/4** "f'rnii n'ov: ; Kr. Cawtnas tai bees *V«i t « Bw, ami tie roagfe 0.-S)te wrathr bad eom* roaiad sxaun. vfca* * «T »«1 IbUt Aq. en^t fetwtar-; t*3 hfiflwlt ww drifting iafo the feu. Tte Hie was ransc bu*. sad a *sr>>ai «wk «Mm Mowiac ttnifSi b> itoe; fcsaefc tadliWiixnKtteABpadbBifcaiiae^ ck£i; hag rcafe, snakes. tceac^rsas. m in iato ocm; wtiiebefsaad te: fe«« neks' gimi tk-lrpi ea; fna tes f««. tike savage gntiiriii. fcvcac iape« «a® » bey ?* rtiffrtniinc fiose. a»4 dsadir ® tlmi-Ini It «m t co»*i vhere .* » mtrcr te car wnderiag bsu, bo »*F «' escape i« taf draw meg can: 1: w*.« th* endoilitflfeoMtiBilltfaticwl lmt *a^ itbdeottaoniiieitkia «jy o"-Ler ipot: is was tte tense o? er#cy kwib »Lo teas w pa tint way: and tee catrat tec h rttsnK m fbore that strips Peered fv ost to ki ms s aail was scarcely ever seen on the iwrixoa. VlcBtoc&iqpKitvuisntiffKdoda.; On hb-A«jitp biota right ost ol ber ooaae, her »!«? ter sulk; ^«r« gave, caagfet by the wind aai the tide. and diifcuBtdi;in Aare. Already*fceh*di«t some oi ba men. ntbd oretwrd; b« aoaiewwe at£Q left, who® the wwebert oa the di£i coald see; to the riggias. The wfeoie district had collected on the <Ml Tbe fan en^piidinesrat a". Cmd. and tb£ teen who, bat for them, woe Li hare been wreckers of the old rtaccp. wot en AiMwi. all were there; tomt to stre and some to spoil; »ni among them van the l^n. lank figxre of the tenant oc Hsngmsii's House, with hie pale wife on his arm. Tbe ship wm drifting on, ptancisf into tbe nre^ and ris&g; era: attain with a shudder Kke aome creator*: in zzjoy, daoz from reef to reef u tbe vara Hf&sd; her and the wind carried her onward : till at ls.*t tbe came grinding on to the Lion E-xk is the middle of the bar- Toere was m ErVtoit belonging to Michael's Rua, and eren if there bad been one, sbe could not have Mred in sochaaea; bat tbe coast-guards fired acoap!e ol rocket*, one of which foil short, and the other struck ferae. A nu, who had been bniAinp on gallantly, took tbe cord- He pushed aside a comrade who to dis pute it, and the weaker fell into the sea, while tbe stronger la&hed; the cord round Lis, and garethe signal to pail in thore. "Good." said Mr. Capstone applaudingly; ' that felk> v understands business." He bad no sooner cleared the deck than fiie mainmast fell, and in less than, two minute* after tbe ship fell to pieces like a toy puzzle, and only a mass of broken firewood shosred where rite bad been. Not a man on board was caved except the one who bad seized the rope and lashed it round him : and be was hawed in, *ensde*s nov, clote to vheze the Capstone* stood. He was a swarthy man, in th« prime of life ; that was all Lilian saw; when her husband, touching him lightly with his foot, tarned to Molly Hartland and said, "Here, Molly, the sea has brought you . (over. Take him to my house, you fellows; 111 have him." " Be advised, air," pnl in Molly's fattier, old Jem. "there's no good in taking a man into your bouse as is washed up from theses. fitn a stoager h orn U>e sea, And bsHtom jtmr enemy. Thai's what we say hereaway, sir, and there's tbe story of Craei Coppinger to bear as oat." Bet Mr. Capstone only laughed till his red eyes were nearly lost behind the sfraw-coloared thatch above them, as he answered, taming bis bade on Jem, 'Til dt» the saying; my man. Here fellows! haul him along to Hangman'* House; well soon bring him to hi* senses again: and 111 give yon a sovereign to drtok his health and hart your own." shipwrecked man was a magnificent fellow to look at tall. Auk. and oowerfally baOt, with * face absolutely faultless for manly beaaty, and yet a face at which women would involuntarily ahadder, and which no man would like to trust; a face which, speech less and lifeless as the man was, marked a nature at once desperate and resolute, hold, lawless, and determined. He was not the kind of man of whom a creature could be ?>ade, thought Lilian ; what thai did her husband want with htm? She, who knew the guilty secret of their lives, knew also the necessity of keeping prying eyes oat of it What could they do with a man like tbis cast away.idaritted among the crimes that bad to he udden? Orwas the guilt to be passed on to aaothsr? at onee shared and multiplied ? | ReAlesa of the consem wnees so sore to IflUowfltoberoppotftion, Lilian tamed to her Irasbagd with a shuddering sppeaL 1 "Do not take this man into the house!" she Mid, earnestly. "Hear me for once-do j not," ' -' "What, my love, after all my lessons?" said Mr. Capstone, with a smile, taking her arm withacaresaing gesture. 03>e pale fair woman shrank away, blenched, and pat up her left hand to wipe away the drqpi'fliat started on her upper Hp; but she said vo mom: and they both turned away from the crowd. noneof whom saw the blood that tripled down her arm. At nightwhen AetookoB her gown, there were four sharp cots wbexe her husband had dasped her arm .o affectionately,r-and dag his talons into her flfA- .. ..i ? Forandi a turbulent-looking man, it was wcodsrfal how easily this castawar slipped: toto hia place in: die doll life at Hangman's; iHouse. Noooecotildhavebeenmore tractable, or apparently more contetoted; and Mr. Gap-! stone daily congratulated himself on thegood, Inck whieh Itad cast his guest in JtfchaeVs! Bun. Jfowaa no common sailor with hard' aad. homy hands; he was a Spanish artist, aj tnan«0BnktoiBed 'to engrave on:metal, and' he Jiad aorise Jcnowledce of cheminls and« .raitfiTfi Asid asMr. Capstone coald; speak1 -Bjwniww andldlian could not, and ai Manna), ias Hecaued Uassd^ conld sot speak Soglish,; 4w#aAsorsstraintonanyon& The two men! ^lked ds «l»nr pleated witfaont betesyiog.to j ;tiie woman what'they sridieS to kMpWefe; moi ^. ?testooe said what he woald to ilfflilo. SMuntteoedlier with his polite air d jtiSec&gestiiisinile;, wiOioat the faotof engraving, hiai» ; ^ ? ^.)!E(iw' ^^&^ Jfu>nel superseded Ziilian ItadJbeen aocustomed«odo //tnuDand. Ha know what fas was ^ ^rhslier elten thui Mr. Capstone ^ him self ; aoa .*o ,*M of more nse ihttn ^ie iilsiita*, jwhen hehsd speciallr rilnasnif ITemp1oy«,Mr.Capstone tarned rounduto \- - Mlngidljr!4Kmche4 over the fire, A'«inle: b;? ,Ll,j ">iA n altff- ' " " can do^all thiit [y-fece,a^A$i?idle fcltoV -6tidden!jf^ ewaobber. Vcf H VO' s i '» tw ieitzsed ta be hax&j; of berexift (Ke;ni« wftfe tk e«t cart fe«Stl « pOi»«!jM» took co Doooe iter ;_ to now. f*» osdit kit b**cfc tjw txed ojw brr. *£*r *».» before bw cise efcaaoe of xaoiijer fwrii. apneas worse tisas those already mi f rosssie? fe«. &*e wt»Jd tan T*rfeer read | ih« d«sdlaeit hatred is those £*«iu tjw . sibaa wfcas sk* «s«d nead. And so ssdscioasiy toe S I( VW (teMN Si if bfc W fcK«s wts; Jtz. Gtsnaef b&d; aid. *ad had u»rru<i ^ to itke ia fail lore tastiest tise pexsecsooe of fee? bos band. Fn^k^&ed; Tiliatv. makisgr some kind of cucecd crease. torn asd ieit tot rooea ; xonnicg donHUBi Into U.< kitcfacn tfaiek itcttl tea bed bees bcr own poor nacSsur. the «b T*--<<*t these by toe fireplace, all trecb&^, wfcea (be door qaietfy openfi and M*ncel ttide ia with a MiWf ft^ it v« nut 1-1^ Kl Ctpitwit kft him a moaient aioce. L'zider aae prttext or another ba kept bim *Injf by iik tide f jiirr't heart stood *iiH lot terrac when she av who it to that thai itoL; into ber dark ens. He came up 60 her, swift, stealthy, noiidrss as a panther. bit eyos n sating. hli brt^zai f*ce issdnc* with pajsiou j and when i be vii near her be eaagfct her m tail arms j like a wild heart springing on its prey. Her | fair hair broke iooee and fell ia long. soft j wares crerfcerface acdbreast: hekissed hex , L*ir. atd be kissed the pale face greedily, ; rccgfcJy, hareity. j *" I love too," be aid in p=rfectij good | E*g!ist; .' I will protect TOO, for I will kill ' Lim, and then yon shall be mine." | " Good Heavens '." cried Lifian, shrinking ' from hirn : bat he held her tighi, " Tan are ! as E&gUikman;! " i " I ss> nothing bat the TEin who loves | yea." *&id; Manuel, kissing her again; she ; would rather he had stabbed ber. | "He most know !** she cried. | "If ycm betray me I will kill both him Xad : job," aid Manuel, coolly. "Dan't be a tool, | pretty L3un; you are one, bat I lore yon '? nevertheless. I hare given yoa my secret; ; I know yoa can keep secrete ; bet, by all the ; saints in heaven, if yon betray me, yon shall j repeat it! I love you, my pale Lily, bat 1 am I not to road as to pot my life in peril for yoa. j If one of us has to go, it ehall be yon ; bat it j shall be neither. Another kiss. Peste! Yoa refuse? Then I will take it Adicw, little girl. Yoa are mine, remember, and I will kill Mm for yon; bat, silence! else'." And, with a peculiar gesture. Mangel dropped her into a chair, and glided from the kitchen as noiselessly as he had entered it So now Lilian had a secret to keep from her husband, as she bad had bis to keep from others through all those painfal yean. The work went on, and west cm welL "That fool of a Spaniard is patting his neck into a fine noose," said Mr. Capstone to his wife, smiling across to Mannel as he took up bis last plate, and examined it microscopi cally ; Manuel taking no heed of Ins words, bat quietly resting bis head on his hand, while he looked at his em pi oyer patiently. Still smiling, and in the same voice, Mr. Capstone con tinned in Spanish: "My good Manuel, yoa are invaluable. Yon shall slate like my brother; yoa are my more than brother-friend!" On which Manuel smiled too. sedately, and replied that if his preserver and benefactor w&s; pleased, all was welL " When I have got what I want from him," said Mr. Capstone in English, with the most affectionate look and accent towards the Spaniard, "1 shall give him op to the police, car get rid of him In some other way. He moat be a fool to think I would trnst him ! I was saying, my .friend," be went on in Spanish this time, " that yoa have been a very tnasnre to me, and that I never can be too grateful for the work yon have dime. Courage! a few days more, and it will be completed!" "Good!" said Manuel, quietly. Lilian stood qaivering in every limb. True, she loved neither ef these men, bat she feared for fear's aake, if not for love's. And then sbe herself was so desperately involved on all sides; bat worst of all by her knowledge of Manuel's secret, and his oognisanoe of how mncfa her bnsband waa betraying him. What a nest of crime it all was! There was not one wholesome Dftiti& it. , After sspeated trials, at last *petfect plate i was produced. The imitation waa not tobt detected by the keenest expert living: for had net the<dever thief and finger got some of -IheSnK paper? and was he not, therefore, master of the situation! Hisfalsegold. too, wastothefcair'lB-breadth of **»'?""» To be, sanh»eoBld 3>ot counterfeit the ring: bat, save the ring, all was right: aad with the ' paper heeoold make pUyaecorely. * And now," said Mr. Capstone, expanding his hd(« dust, as the three were assembled round the fire on the evening of the day of enoeem: "to leave this old rat's castle and enjoy life afresh!" ^.'AfwehT' said Lilian, with a tweak kind "W&nld; yoa think it afiresh if I were to efface myself, and give yoa op to this black* headed rnffian ?" asked Mr. Capstone, trailing, and totting fekheai oneside andabty. "Bull? For Qnd'j sake do soi aaysbch thing*," cried Lilian, taming paler than luioaL Then die flashed to the "very foots -of her halr, and her husband looked at her ?carioasly. "He is . good-looking xnffi&n; enoagh," hsseid, blandly. "Shall 1 make you over to him?" : "I irill laave the 100m if yoa talk so,": esM Lilian, «ngrily: and she rose from her. cbalr. Bnt be liddhis carved fingers <on her iim, ', r < ^Yoa srill do nothing of the Und.>iny! lady,nbs aaicL " Yon wiU wait for as long ?m Ldbo(m,>»hd. you shall hear what Ichooae.: 1 beginrto suspecti yon. Ala! .Have yon been looking over the fence, my lady? ^ Wdsome ittsbuu tf iw|uti: xbts nrast be seen to., Fouartito^ot^er. By thelKBdTbatyoe'il! ?nw*4er llS' ®be soore is ninning, upon Lilian sawffe# Spanisid'sbwe. n . < ''LM neim>n^said« MMbr. ? !MOb God let ine x- -. u-: ^ <. !' "Mylove, m aiefaconvenient," saldWf husbend, mudng hw down In her chair.! wbQe^' pUM cwitlt ber > lon« h«ir. VBlt iffeaaxe, endhe «ood «ompany. -Itja *nd Lilian saw ju*t one narrow r*ittnl. huebe»e*tk fab tyetids, wbiefa s*owe6^ be «w »*fcke, »m watcbiag. Mr. "-muiT *tf, fear his, aof»ewh»t rig* tad cUbrT Uj&t; coiiboui He drew ttw cork of bottle. »xui tixrj beard bin diitk »?»} ^sa5 hi* lips. "Tb«prinMst port that*u overt be said, cctbuaawictHy. "Here, roue on, my friend, autd drink: to oar 1^2 fortune! Tiwn in iwttvo ehan Icft^ " I won't drink to-ni^fet," ar^, »I«-pOy. " I cm femWir "I tell you no," said the Spaniard, Efdly. "Yuu English can poor molten ££ do«c yoor throats. Bat your v0* Ktnff ST? ion psj j"oox guineas for is haiefel to as *£? know w£at tree vine is.. Drink younelf «»S let me be." "A* JOB srisk, raj friend; I irooM not i \- -oor will," said Mr. " JOB. "f * joar will, said Mr. j^p^nn aciibiy. "That cursed dog, be shall npag tbjf," be said to Lilian, Looking kindly at Manuel, as if be were triling her what tbsr had be*^i saying together. Bat Manuel took no notice. He ctQi sat stretched oat befere the fire, looking rin^ parts asleep. and wholly indifferent. Suddenly be roused himself. ' Let me drink," ha said, holding oitf hfa har:(L Hr. Capstone gave him wine with aba. rity. "Bah!" he said, disdainfully. " You call this wine? It n only fit for hogF." And be emptied it into the fireplace. " Now," be said. " yen will let me sleep/' " Ill-mannered bound," said Mr. Capstone; "yonr tether is nearly cat. Here, job wretch, drink this," to Lilian with a smile. " It is too good to waste on tacit as you, bat I am in mch a jolly good hnmoor to-night, and I will indulge yea. That fool there hai done the trick, so I don't mind throwing away a glass of wine on yoo. Here! drink it, 1 say; and see if you cannot look len like a ghost than yon do. Was Manuel dreaming? As Lilian raised the glafs to her lips, be started op..shouting something io Spanish, and fiang otit his anni, striking the glass, which fell in fragments at his feet. "Thousand pardons to the M&uora;," ha said, rubbing bis eyes. "By the saints I was dreaming, and a pretty dream they aunt me !'* ' Don't mention it." said Mr. Gapftone, quite amiably. " An accident: who can pre vent that!" Then turning to his wife, "Well, my love, yon have lost your wine; year lover's doing, not mine, remember. Never mind, yoo will sleep soundly enough without it. And now to bed, awl-don't wake." Lilian rosf without remonstrance. " Kiss me," said Mr. Capstone. " Kiss me, Lfly.** very tenderly. '. No." said Lilian, abruptly, " I will not." The Spaniard was standing before the fire now, and she saw his band move into his bosom and clutch at something. "1 wish I bad never seen you in my life !H buret oat Lilian. " I wish I had died before I had married yon." "Gently, gently, my love, you forget the consequences," said her husband, in a sooth, ing v trice. " Don't be BO impatient, deiar. The ruffian's torn will come, perhaps." ' Manuel, standing before the fire in a brown study, smiled and nodded to himself, solilo quising. "Yes," be said to himself aloud. 'By the saints! yes." Lilian fled, while Mr. Capstone laughed; but ts she turned she met the Spaniard's eyes: just one -glance; but tbat -one glance was enough, both for him and for her. "Pretty little playful kid J" said Mr. Cap* stone, in Spanish, kissing bis hand to her as ehe disappeared; but Manuel did not take up ? the balL He only smiled in a quiet kmd of gi»i|ifiy approval. After she had gone the two men fell a* thinking. They were both silent, looking into the fire: both thinking the same thing, and meditating cm the best way. At last Mr. Capstone, giving himself a shake as * dog might, reared up his lank lean figure, and looked about hin. , "How abange it ls," he Mid, musingly, " the regret one feds when one has come to tbe last of a thief. Bm «thelast.^t this old rat's castle where I have enjogp suoh'a quiet time of loveahd -hspninaw with my Lilian-the last nigbt-it fttuiuui me. ~I have bem perceptions tf^betwar, and I htce enjoyed tbe beauty here." " " Where f asked Manuel, simply. "On the cliffs. I have a mind to see the old placo once more. What say you, my friend V "It's a wild night," said the Spaniard, reluctantly. "Dark is it not?" " No, the moon is sp. now. The eoa will seeSS^Ugh^" said ^anud, slfll Mr. Capstonekugfaedt "Afraid!"hesaW. "Af«S, jnoi~B^ youKuglish aw im weather asfor wine;notbing is toosbrooffoff you. However, ni come," .and be buttoned op his Jacket* "bat left ths middle buttpns open, wbaabeoodd&nstmbis; hand. ' "Tba»ka-a minute," «dd Mr. Ca!»tone, as beleft theroovu As he left, Manuel * ^^"bemuttCTilVwimly. But be kept* watchful eye on thejaoor whlle fas opens*, "Mo^wMle ttemaiter^in^is pri^terooni, Then he went op to Lilian's *Arrtt4t)W, whifih h» locked, andFput the Jkfcf fa Mf v***. um 'SfefflSSE&SSI; aiuibatv ttbhand 4»nmiuw sm^'ss^sws^f rrrcj .-.M"daijiI'buiS.wJ. the vWy'tdge'8f thedliMm, and .Jrftwing his arm. ; ' ^iniif. Manuel had swunft him a few' \- Wretch !11 he cried in English, "you havo Betfirfl t0 t'i«» jiaouse, and feft her to Oatmrut 6'1l!\V|JI1t,! a traitor!" exclaimed Mr. Cip. tone, rcelf'B back, aid raising hi* hand. The njwnljgbt shone on fchu barrel of a ni»tol; there was a click, a flash, a, r«p-vt, Ld the hall had grnZjjd the Sonuard's jc . but bofore the man could flr« a necond rile. Mfttiunl had leaped upon him, boruo jjim to tlw eaith, and buned his knife to tUo jjj!t in his si<ie. "And y"a thought you were deceiving Le9" be hissed, ,as he knelt on the dying man. " Y°n thou8ht you were making a tool of me? getting my neck in a noose, ha ! _u:i« »niir own was to go free? Miserable Miserable y*"7 ft" ih I-the black-haired ruffian wl»o «i VOU . I who nave been master throagh °nt wbo will have your wife, and your ® ' CT and who. up to this last moment, hpn 'rou thought to throw me down than nit where I will throw you, have played with foil, and foiled y°n!" "Mercy, mercy!" sobbsd the dying man. "My good Manuel, mercy, dear triend """The same mercy that you have had on her!" said, the Spaniard, between his teeth. jje raised himself from the bleeding bady, met the glassy eyes as they were fixed oii him with the yearning look of death and despair ; then laughing harshly, he kicked him over where be lay. and flaDS him with his foot down the chasm. He heard the heavy fall of the body as it struck against the smooth ?sides; then a splash in the sea; and all was still. _ . Swift as an Indian he ran back to the house,. just as Lilian appeared at the loft window in her white gown, her fur hair streaming over her shoulders; looking, in the moonlight, more like an augel than A woman. The sijjht of her burnt the Spaniard's heart, a.ud con vnlsed it with pain. What if he could not nave ier! He must save her; he would ; he had towed that the should be bis, and he would beep his vow though the very elements opposed! He rushed into the housB, and through the stifling smoke: braving the sly creepiug tongues ot flame that were licking Bp the wall. He came to her door, which the fire-had not yet touched. Before she had time to realise that it was he whom she had 1een crossing the grass in the moonlight, her ' garret door was flung open, and Manual, blackened with smoke and crimsoned with blood, bad her in his arms. "Now you are mine!" he said, "I have fcillrd liim." "Heaven protect me!" cried Lilian, covering her eyes with her hands. " I am better than Heaven," said Manuel, 41 and I will protect yon " He kissed her pas -8ionate)y. "Lilian! Lilian! say that you Jove mehe cried. " By the saints, if you 4o not, I will fling you into the flames and let you perish!" He lifted her up in his arms, and hers 'ell round his neck as her hMr fell ovqr his' lace. : . "Yes, 1 lore yo^V<h^|Uid, And fainted. ' Manuel could njw^^Ml .hpw hejgqt^opt if the burning. hotwEwith that Jifeleas roman in his arms. It seemed to him as f nothing could have hurt hips; and so, trough smoke andfira^ he Jbore the pale fair roman bo loyed, and laid her on the grass in be quiet moonlight, But when he flung imsel! down by her, aud took her haul on it knee, and called to her to {09k 119 and buik him by her love for her life,, it was tore the howl of a wild beast thantiiecry of , man which bunt from his lipa.. She was ead. When the neighbourhood was roused, as ttt it was, by the news that Hangman's tome was all ablaze,. they same upon .a fcrange sight On the grass, somo little istance from the houBe, hsr long, rich, silky i«r spread smoothly oat, her.hands laid enderly across her breast, and a.paleDa fembar rose placed within them, lay poor naian, where the flames could sot touch Wr. aor the falling rafteca strike her. Not a trace of the .master,nor.vof the taanger was to be found; but nome days Wu< there was washed up by thb tide the fcnk, tan .figure of themanthey had mora as Mr. Capstone, of Hangman's Some, with a gaping knife>wotmd in his ode. o ? Hot 4oijg after this there flashed into MjbaWi society a stranger, rich, handsome, who seemed to har^ com6 from the ?>£>( a stranger whom mothers' oourt^d tbeirdaughters, and to whomfatbers , bets "lepeak to accomp] languages, atid *Hfet, and'Who Had welled to all parte ofthe world. ^But whft, ban any ons by chance spok^of Cornwall. saked blm if be knew thatooagfc. nsed >fratwith*on»e wattnth that he did not, ttd hsiDo^fishfeo-know^tt/ ?» ? oient M^mlUecl oft SWuch'so^: *0 mehtion was made of the bckiy which was ijwsned ashore near Wcl ailaife wound 's Sun in Corn ^if^iaeV dfthe' graijsneiTtbe; ,«<«. up,a i*!i ..T^o.osxt manuictlik ^itikbeld head, and1 very whito whlsket-8. lit- wus fond of wealing stiff check cravats, und capacious hutf waistcoats. 4 u" . -rwwru>/AUI. A heavy gold rimiued eyeglaw was wont to b« suspended, rouud bis utick by a ribbon BO broad that it looked almost lik« a <i«c>raucm or bade? of bocae rare ordur of knighthood. His figure inclined to that redundancy of portliness which is yet not accounted i"""-1" : lookep almost lik« borne «un;a is yet not accounted 'uncomely in a man advanced in y«ara. lie oarried his cor pulence, for so it must ia truth be described, with ease and dignity, almost with grace. As a solicitor he prospered, of course, by the litigation o! others, but he was himself a man of peaceful nature and friendly dis> position. Even to the prejudice of his own interest*, as a professional man ho was given to. advising conciliatory measures to bis client*. He would constantly intervene in disputed cases to recommend a compromise, or, as lie preferred to phrase it, " an amicable adjustment," involviug, naturally, payment of costs. He was altogether a comfortable man to bave to deal with, and he had ob tained great popularity from 'a considerable public. He was respected on all hands. The -» ' * * " wu au aauus. Lord Chancellor returned his bow with pecu liar cordiality. With certain of the puisne judges Mr. Blissett was almost on nodding tatmft. Tho ha* aV~~I- L KnyThe b" Shook hftQfo "With^him te *$'£*&SS; i; u» P^swonata time whenit r»« enttered the S&s;&sse; «yrP5ss counsel's opinion on ever?lin"Varlab,y ^ok him. His chambers submitted to handsome library of law h»»? ? ^ with a regulation sheepskin turnedT ^?und in the but I never knew him consnl* «« cr"*woa ; portentous volumes, or wad «nJLu- ° °.{thoj(1 save only his letter and 5rft «ything' iQda0<*. articled clerks, I <«n mnfij Xspaper «ode no pretence at instfofi Tr^ he Stock was. as I have ' GeorSe those legal subalterns or an?S/«v '. one of The other sT3 ln e®bryo. gentleman from the West of ?pW,i aj y0UQ8 BUssett had dulyaoSL5nd- Mr minms stated, inoKSLfe i,b85* Pre" clerkship, to be the consiri!?T?-* ar5lc,es of eating us in fte & for h/8 edu* But it had seemed to him ?h^i?ro/e?J,0° bis covenants in that t 2 falfilled os loose in his office like^a^K. .en turaed with liberty to in ». oeadow. were much as the other pufiT6 m,ght- We they were paid for their a*T;' exceP* that Paid for the privilege of mS8" w Lwe made generally nspfni j "J Were tifarions duties. We did mm?£m t?al" posted letters, carried bIo« h.T « u hither and thither ran jpapere sionally served write. an(* occa performances were nnF^f j.-°?r kind, wWle 8theeSien0c5 of oVS^"1 qmta a sealed book tout Tf J?*llu£ Was moved by ambitious impulses n£Lhh!?4 us an affidavit in Chan^re L would hand freshing document; with iastraJti!?^ Hi ro" H as neatly M migbt £ ^ engrossing hand. b» a ~f' m "fau" Some degree of leeu »»»«« n time, by chance acquire in Mr. Bli8sett*s tbespirit) philo»phP,^ S"a0°fe hpt fession were things withheld fmm « .T" needless, vain, if not ind^ ^Bn?"^ldJe' letwnous subjects of study. absolutely de ^iS255SSSiSS!^SSfc "» " l» tartt. ». to aiS, tSS' »ni[ta mtertoined n, # opotL5^e Principle of homing patby or of connteMrrijfationr then »Zu ^Prospect that these tmo maladies^^w eventually subdne eaoh^to®^an3lLren7 tbe^paoents, in tolerably sound condition **"7* baoMM# time out of mind It has been the boondtn datv of >n appimtices to fallin love wfth^eirmwW daughters, but for tbe further reason, that it having seenifte Miss Blissetta, to refrain from yield fof ih£ ***&^.bsorbiSTSn tor them. Mwy were. 1 to uttii nr^iamd tn Perfectly and hewitchiugly lovely. ^ ""Itheirfatherionfy tbeir baptism, bad named tbem Klean^r and ElinhMk ^ *py^a^Q"? atfectio# had changed or £Sw»^"y a^-EUy ,?° more- Her place in Mr. household wa* supplied by bis sister, *<*»*» Mtss Columba . u 1&dy; 1<? ^ by no means my dwiw tojp^k censoriously. 8he was. I am IJf»l^Jw!L^r0agL-,y ^'"O-hearted and weU 111 her sense of the doty «^owed to ber niece*. She^way, held that mother to them. There ? «h« overstated her ease. >&» iiL"fnxi?Pr8,y watchfql over totereats .and welfare «jf her young, u^itf ?Sl5<2_i?iBiliri8?ared 10 c<M«W«r the time wben tbyywjll no longer need her ftw^ring hS^LhH ^ take^fljght itofn the shelter of ber winga, and tttabllib independent nests of; «jwth*ir proposed mates ^iJS W P^Jng; who have sdiemed of tbelr offs; quite cfihet; frotected her ohi he guarded Chen' alike. 8bewaidedo: A Blis«^«r(nrefiot sti _ Jimi^ nMnly teitfor tho jtoSaMtfe . " 11^'#.!«!?!, i''vM0 r tat it wMi*rt ocoonri ^r toma, (he mariying; iba had 'duties. Shej something too much. - j» evil aba from good, lovers from them; she; " it, npoa thej L1J flU^ at the roily to be e* Uoga. Nor was. WMM those imselvtis very itQ jwd giro i the .Miss [neat, being dinner? In .Moertained w»lks, and "4aiareotation !hey wew_ln. ihip of Miu our plan tp olMeaont, and by toma to enjoy the BOciety bl the nieoea. . r. . .» , . . ... . . . I have said, that the Miss Blissatts ware, lovely. I need add little* in Abe war of en-' hancing this description of thetn. Their forms' were sylph-like; their .-movements most1 graceful. Their golden hair fell about thom! in clonds of spiral ringlets; their complexions: were a dazzling combination of milk (country milfe) and blush-roses;"cbeireyes a turquoise' hlue ; their lips a coral red; their - But there is qoipething odious about thus a -. tempting tp catalogue, with an auctioneer'* accuracy, the infinite charms and graces of these divine young ladies.-' I forbear. I wm ' not a man iu possession. They were not taken in execution. The twin sisters were wonderfully fatally alike. There was really no sayine, with any degree of confidence, which was Elly, which was Nelly, and, as though to defy distinction, they invariably dressed alike ; their favourite colour being a heavenly blue. How Sparrow and I first came to decide that he loved Nelly and that I loved Elly, why / did not rather love Nelly and he Elly, I have difficulty at this distance of time in stating. There was really too choice. Perhaps we left chance -the turn of a halfpenny-to decide for us. . f'They really ought to be ear marked," Sparrow would sometimes say, desperately. (He came from a sheep-breeding district.) But while admitting his own difficulties in the case, he was apt to be acrimonious in charging me with want of perception. He said that I had invaded his rights and trans ferred my affections from Elly to Nelly. I denied it. I avowed that I adored Elly, that I should never cease to adore her, that she was dearer to me than life itself, and much more to the same effect. " Then why squeeze Nelly's hand as you did last night?" he demanded. He had seen me do it, he added. I maintained that its was Elly's hand that I had squeezed. Sparrow made himself disagreeable. He snorted and tossed: his head. We came near to quarrelling outright. He talked at me, involving me, as he was Bometimes fond of doing, in a vague and general charge against "fellows. "If fellows ain't true to each other," be would say, " how can they expect other fellows to be true to them ? But follows are so selfish. I hate fellows who ain't open and above-board with me. I've known fel lows have their heads punched for less." I a*ked him plainly if he was referring to me. He replied evasively, that fellows who found caps that fitted them had better wear them. I said that the cap did not fit me. So for a time the discussion closed. I did not want to quarrel with Sparrow. He was sometimes * peevish and petulant, but, on the whole, he was a very good fellow. He was the confidant of my love, as I was of his. We were bound to each other by treaty, and by self-interest. For if one failed, when his turn came for that duty, to engage the attention of Miss Columba, what chance had the other of approaching and laying siege to the twins ? 1 bave suggested that our courtship had its difficulties. Miss Columba avoided, it was rare to find the sisters apart. They were as twin roses grafted on one Btem. They were almost inseparable. They were never eo happy as when permitted to appear twined together, their arms wreathed round each other's waists, and constituting a group that Sparrow and I found to. be quite maddening tin its exquisite grace and beauty. And. to make love to Nelly while Elly was so close st hand, or vice vend, was certainly trying to the lover, taxed severely his powers of speech and strength of nerve. His passion-fraught words might move Nelly to tears; but what if they starred Eliy to laughter ? Believe me. it's arduous work wooing twins. Happily they were parted at dinner-time, occupying seats on either hand of their father. And sometimes there were other guests who un consciously aided us in suhdering the sister?. We disliked these other guests as a rule, how ever-pronouncing them rivals. How their relations managed I cannot say. I don't think they really knew the twins apart, but only pretended to do so. Old Mr. Blissett, I'm pretty sure, had but the vaguest 'notions fes to which was Nelly, which Elly. But it didn't matter to him. He called them each "pet," and so surmounted all difficulty .boat their names. He kissed them both alike. They both kissed him. What more oouldhe want? Sparrow and I went on loving, and talk ing to each other of our loves. I confess I found hiimprosyand tiresome; he told the story of his affections at such undue length -Went into eo much needless detail-^-and I thought it really ungenerous of him to yawn when inTSfTturn, "But expresslng myself far nioi« happily, X set forth my passion and enumerated my. emotions. Still we greatly enjoyed the situation altogether. There were times of depression, it is true, when the twins bail seemed' tolook coldly on us, and' we mingled Our tears together and talked of ended dreams and blighted lives and tomb stones ? hut there weretnoments of exhilara tion-Elly and Nelly- had smiled upon us when .we rejoiced exceedingly, and pledged each, other in brimming caps. Qa one occa sion! rememberthe liquor was champagne, but as « rale, our libations were ,ota more modest vintage. I have some recollection of our treating each other to threepenny worths of gia and cold water, and becoming much excited over that humble stimulant. Our love for the twins was dalightfal, but it was attended ^rith some expense. Sparrow and I exhausted all our popket money, and even mortgaged heavily our future incomes in our determination to appear attractively arrayed, Thotfei weredays when there pre vailed a livelyiaith in bear's grease, and when richly auointed heads of hair were the vogue; when the curling-irons rectified nature's mUttke8.in Xbe;nibttet of straight locks; when lacquered books were worn painfully pointed at.fchejtoe ; when .waistcoats, much oSp^fau^m^med,mibroide'fied, aod^ara betfqoed*: wheft.lt was impossible to assume; trou8«»sofilo^l^t:A.htte,orto*teapfchejn too tightly beneath the instep; when a gtudy helowifca sartof ornamenlbiJ^est-plaster, in i which it «as Sl^i^tojitick^l^ed DiBa M vast dimaarione liaked togeftwr by golden .chains iwhenacwnellia Japonic*, in. the button-hole wasaoeoeswryot life., Happy tjmes,buta«Ihave suggested, expensive for articled clerks Afflicted with the tender paSfioifc ' k> ;r! v..,-",-.-. i* ' Mr lov^,« I ^onnd, |iffected my parts of speech. At first I tmnouslf domb in the preMneeofiAyheart'aidoiwhto language returned to. ine ithadasort of Elizabethan or Nank-Teite'jQniiJltijr.;J Ordinary modes of expwa^n^medinkppropriate to the die imparting pf to y passion. The case demanded resort to wo much negleoted seoondperional alngulaf. "Do ytroloreeae R,* mm might say.toaAtowd, But " Dost thou love tne? could ODly b0 i^dreiised. :t« ;<m and was an ,.,:A soMenotott^ttftyoccnr^^ . before one ofth«iinprain^vi»ic>ck.Bqttare. EUy Bllwett > by the winding curtains. I longed to drop on ' my knees before her. Bu^ there ..was the .nbanco of, being seen by others. r Moreover, I > had been driven tp the couclusion that kneeikjg to one's mistress <must of necessity Jiave cone out of fashion when tightly Strapped trousers came in. ? "And dost thoalove me?" I murmured in bass notes that I mast have unconsciously borrowed from some popular tragedian of the period, " Wilt thoa, indeed, be miner "You're not -a Quaker, are yoa, Mr. Stack ?" said Elly, openiug wide wondering blue eyes. "Nay, bear me swear I continued. . '' No, that's not like a Quaker!" Dinner was announced. We were parted. I was somewhat discouraged. Bat assisted oerhaps by the stimulating character of old Blissett's port, I determined upon a further effort after dinner, when, a trifle flashed by good cheer and incipient indigestion, the gentlemen.rejoined the ladies in the drawing room. I spoke again much to the same pur port. " You creature! Why that's exactly what I beard you say to Elly before dinner." By sreat mischance I had this time ad dressed myself to Nelly instead of to Elly. Nelly was pounced upon by lynx-eyed Miss Columba, and was led fr> the piano to Bing a duet with her sister. They were charming efforts the duets of the twins; but things perhaps rather to contemplate than to listen to. Sparrow had heard my speech to Nelly. He was furiouj. I certainly think he had been indiscreet in his application to Mr. Blissett's port. We left the house together. He had commenced accusing and vilipending me in the hall, while we were searching for our hats. In the square outside .he offered to fight me. "1 hate fellows to be mean," he said. Bat for the appearance of a policeman I think we should havo proceeded to violent measures. We parted upon the most angry terms. I Wh©n we met in the office next morning he renewed his reproaches. His wrath knew no bounds. He even hurled at me Jacob's Law Dictionary, a heavy volume in every respect. I medicated flinging in return Chitty's Practice. Fortunately, perhaps, I was sent oat suddenly to attend a summons for time to plead at the Judges' Chambers in Rolls gardens. It may be that manslaughter was thus prevented. For days we did not speak to each other, but only scowled fiercely when our glances chanced to meet. But soon a common sorrow reunited us. TkeMiss Blissett's left town in the custody of their aunt to sojourn some weeks at Ramsgate. What were we to do? Our alarm was dire. A ghastly rumour obtained to the effect that our designs had been discovered, that it was because of us and our proceedings that Nelly and Elly had been removed from Tavistock-square. We yielded to despair. It was clear to us that the exquisite twins would fall a prey to the penniless adventurers, possibly of foreign extraction, and possessed of whiskers, who, we agreed, were for ever haunting English watering-places, bent upon abducting the loveliest of our countrywomen. No doubt we were also penniless, or might have been so described by adverse critics, but, then, how affluent we were in sublime sentiments, bow deeply tender our emotions in regard to the heavenly twins! " Fellows ought to act up to4heir opinions," said Sparrow, gloomily. " Fellows shouldn't go to work in an underhand way. Fellows should always apply direct to girls' parents in these cases. "You mean that we ought to ask old Blissett for his daughters' bands in mar riage?" "That's what fellows would do who'd any pluck," he growled. This was a taunt True, it involved impu tation upon himself. But that did not make it the less irritating. Oar conversation became unpleasant again. . The situation was of an exasperating kind. We interchanged insolences, chaining each other with want of courage, -goading each other on to deeds of desperation. Onoe more we were of accord. We would together beard old Blissett in his den-for so we spoke of his private room in Laurence Pountney-lane-and simultaneously lay our case before him. We struck while the iron was hot.- We rushed wildly into' the presence of oar principal. We spoke while our pulses t>aat feverishly. Somehow "we made ourselves in telligible, and yet it must have been a very confused statement rendered-a mad medley of words, breathlessly uttered. When dneof'us broke down; the Other took no the running, "I love Nelly," and "I.love EUy,", being tee burden of our declarations re spectively. A strange scene-a trifle ludicrous and absurd, as I now judge, but we thought gravely enough of it at the time. Old Mr. Blissett kurveyed us with aghast eyes. " Bless my soul J" be cried, a frequent ejaculation of his, and, as he was apt to do in moments of perplexity, he robbed his bald scalp industriously with the palm of his hand. " One at a time, one at a lame. What! are you both mad? Marry, my girls! Marty Elly and Nelly!" 7 , :^r ., ; Such w&sjme; wish^of pur fives, we cried, the only hope tbat 'favq value, exist-i epce. We begged him to bestow upon as Kelly and Elly, and bid as live... If he denied as his twins, why, then, oat deaths' Would be at'jiiB door, and let him'ldoK tp it. Something to that effect was our speech;' erratic, perhape,but tersely eloquent, ' : "Bless my eonl J IJiveyou Elly and'Nelly!; Why. you don'tkqiow ouefudmi the other!" < Wbatof ttot^Ife4W»'ti?dflier. ; . "'Don't be ridiculous r ps -cried. Be-, 8ide«. they're already engaged 'to be parried,"; " Engaged 1" we *hriekea ioonisoa, noisily I as a chorus la *n opera by Verdi. , ' ... ' VYes; and~ha,rebefin iorsometime. It's their aunty doipg. ,.T, h^veno doubt- jt's .all j right. I have hadlitUeor no concern in iU" Isft fcirf$be^V<mnt. I; bave no dpnhtyjw miiJ[i^g<awail prpye happy j ^flow had-! ^'mistaken in jfesa fco-I lumba J gbf waasall! J 1 1 os df imrbndes ^ov-however, pattfhg our: . '' Oddly eno®4h," said.Sjjr. Elisjett, " they're gouwto many twin broth^ »bom thetfyei known irom chUflhood-HirardB of-mine-i Praidy * nd Eddy, Fowler. TbeyIre the chit .dren of my jclient, the Late Mr, AWennan) Fowler, ana entitled to & pretty property.; They're most wwhyi jowtg rgentlenwn, : ind; as like asjtwo d9a'*»know them! (apart; and I dont know jwuch is which when they're together, awl that's going to tn«iry,E ... or.wbetber freddyttakeai' and 111 be shot if Icantel] yon see, are sometimes quite * intricate as chancery-soli finding a clear way «nt church wiUamicatuy p of these fine days, and tner to be said. All I kt}ow<is,ihi la called in to settle the owe *nddy> r>Nelly,i Eddy ..... _fa*J audi «>*« »o] 9\. Bat the matter one' be no more' Wwoo who rill Jure his work cut pntv:forttmr«iflv wtll'flml tt1^ cewary to keep hi# eyes wide open, oc there^ certain to be an i^a&deijt.; Bntft wiu jfo *t* loojf-out.; It B na affair of xnwe. i}o,.j|Mr don't talk any more nonsense, there#, WM>d1 lads, but,get pn with.your work, Whence you going to finish {ait copying that State of Facts {or the Master'4 Office in .flpn .c. Biffin f ? ? ... " We were not horn under Gemini," 1«|m to Sparrow. moved by that feeling ofdeqpgir wbiph leads men to aggravate theirown dismalness, and farther mortify themselves by attempts at jokes on their trietched condition. He did not heed me; perhaps he didpot understand me. I think I bare already stated that lie was a yonng man from the West of England. "Our twins marrying (hone other twins 1" he moaned piteously. "Nelly and ,EUy, Freddy and Eddy-what frightful confasjon ! It oughtn't to be allowed. The police ought to interfere. The Court of Chancery ought to supply a remedy. Twips marrying, twins! And suppose twins should come of the mar riages ? He nearly fell from his high stool; Us voice wailed in agony; his facial expression was imbecile i he was becoming delirious : contemplating an endless vista of twin-bora, creatures, a fearful vision of bewildered generations, worlds of intricate embarrass ment ! Oar disappointment was crashing. For some time our anguish was extreme. But we got over it; we got over, indeed, or through, as the days went on, divers other troubles, trials, and states of suffering, including oar terms of clerkship and our "exam." at the Law Institution. - But the first discovery mercifully it dawned upon as very gradually -that we were not quite so blighted as we had rather prided onrselves upon being, came to us as a kind of reproof. We smiled seldom and sadly at first, and only when we quite forgot that we ought rather to scowl. We rarely ventured to laugh in the presence of each other. We felt that we owed it to oar ruined hopes and betrayed affections to pre serve as long as possible much show of grief and severe melancholy of demeanour. We were present as guests at the marriages of the Sisters Blissett with the Brothers Fowler; our mood was bitter, but it yielded presently, overcome'perbaps by the sweetness of the champagne; and our mirth became somewhat far less hollow after breakfast than it had been before. One preciously malicious thought sus tained uf. We were persuaded that after all, quite at the last moment, a fatal irremediable mistake had occurred-the wrong twins had been united ! Whether this were really the case or no we never knew. But it pleased us greatly to think that it might so have happened. "You'll want nothing more, sir?" asked the waitress, looking into the room, "we're going to bed, now." "Nothing," replied Arthur, "only don't close the house door, as I'm expecting a message from Mr. Gay!" "Right you are, sir?"' replied the girl, and went back to tell her friends in the kitchen that the strange guest was " busy with poils of love-letthers," while Arthur commenced the perusal of THE IRON CAGE. It was at the time when all sorts of plots and conspiracies were being hatched at Venice, that a certain private individual, Luca Orioli by name, lived in the town along with his sister Brigida, who kept house for him, and looked after his wants. Brigida was altogether devoted to her brother, and seemed to live but for him. to attend to his comforts, and forward in all things whatever objects he had in view. There are some women like this, who devote themselves to \- others, and seem to lose sight of themselves altogether. There are not too many of them, but they exist. ' Orioli was by calling a missal paibter, an illuminator .of ancient manuscripts, bot the concerns in which at the time I speak fcf he was entirely absorbed were neither literary nor artistic. He was altogether oocupied ? with politics, machinations against the m-iaHng Government, plans for overthrowing it, and setting up in its place a common wealth, in which equal rights were to be accorded to all, in which tne highest noble in Venice was to enjoy no privileges what ever beyond those which were to be acoorded to the meanest citizen in the town. It was a most oazardous plot against the state in which thisOrioli was engaged; he and I know not how many others; some living at Venice, some elsewhere, at Chioggia, at Verona, at Ravenna even, who knowa! At all events they were scattered hither aad thither, and had to be communicated with, when any intelligence was to be made known to the fraternity, by letter. Altogether there was a deal of writing to be got through.; not letters only, but reports, statements, projects drawn up on paper to be circulated among the different conspirator* And it was in oopjing sufch writings out, or takingdown thenattw of^which^jtbey^/were^to useful than in almost any other m»,: The giil was an exoeilent writo, aaA agddjrar out a document so that it should MMnM* able as print This was ft rareappomp)»»hnMW)t in thoee dws, and Brigida wwkept hludafc it, ypu maybe wared, writing from diotaftga. oozing paper* of which rtnplioates rww» wanted, annuo on,ail. through the riay.aw* part at the bmM«p *»U* ^ i« Bufc.iorall «he. wasso hard r oupg ladyfowwl t^ne to-do aiit on her own aoow^' Thei%ot \ orina had MPF0rt« I Lippo, R««icU, this yonng mbfl t0J«64 Kved,^y^rfcave firfikwa fchV^tph^offit. Xkiot&^Qto£ R trillta plaoe,' for It waaveiyimpoitanViorOiioUthat he Aoald vuaMdb. as :n6a" and 1 dera^li aometfmes,»onfi woold«bttib*o »*i« take .advantage of all that was to be had. Orioli was at the window too, bat he was fetehdfftg, leaning his forehead against one of the tabes mullions which enclosed the small gifcnes of glass,' and gazing ont into the little piazza behind' the house, which had, it may W mentioned, two entrances, one giving oa .the piarr-etta, and the other on one of. the BID all canals which intersect the town in all ??directionp. There was little light in the room «xcept jost close to the window, and the -gathering darkness held undisputed posses ion bf the other end of the apartment. Orioli stood and looked out on the piaz «tta, but his eyes took in, as far as he was coDBcious, nothing of the scene before him. He was absorded in the letter which he was dictating to his sister, and: which related to a final meeting of the brotherhood to which he belonged, which was to take place in a few -days, and the time, place, and object of which be was notifying to nis Veronese friend. Now ?and then be would pause in the work of ?dictation, to say a few words to his sister on ?some subject connected with the matter in hand. "Brigida," he said, on one of these occa sions, "I think I wag_folio wed last night when I parted from Tito Grimani and his toother Bartolommeo, in the inclosure at the back'of the palace. The vile spies and secret officers of the eenate are everywhere, and I. «uiety think that I detected one of them -dogging my footsteps last night." Brigida looked quickly up from her writing with anxioas, frightened eyes. i " I am always fearing it," she said. " Dear Luca, the thought that this plot will one day be discovered, and that you will be taken and ! imprisoned, is for ever haunting me. How I wish that the old days, before you had become involved in any of these terrible risks, were back again." At this moment a slight noise in the room Attracted Luca's attention, and turning hastily from the window, and looking into that part of the apartment which was involved in com parative obscurity, he was able to detect the tihadowy forms of three men, whom he felt at once were servants of the state. " We come to arrest you as head conspirator in a plot against tho lawful authority of the Venetian Senate," said the chief officer, step fling forward out of the obscurity. The Venetian Senate in those days made short work of the trial of political offenders. ? There were so many of these that the Govern ment, in its alarm for its own safety, dealt ont severe justice to all such as got within its -reach. The evidence against Luca Orioli was irresistibly strong, and it being considered that an opportunity of " making an example" was afforded by his detection, it was de termined that a punishment should be resorted to in his instance [which was only «ued very rarely, and principally in cases which were marked by especial atrocity: parricides, persons who .were convicted of sacrilege, monks or nuns who had broken their vows, and the like exceptionally gross offenders. The punishment in question con sisted in being hung out in an iron cage which was suspended from the top of the ^reat bell-tower or Campanile of Venice, and in which the victim was suffered to perish ooiserably of starvation and exposure. Thus was the horrible penalty which was awarded to Luca Orioli But whQt was the saddest .part of all-and it was certainly felt to be so by- Luca him self-was that his sister, his poor little Bri tgida, was convicted of complicity with him in this disastrous plot, and was condemned to share his punishment. It was that skill of hers in penmanship ?which had .ruined her. All sorts of docu ments of the most compromising character, plans of action to be adopted by the leading 'Conspirators, letters to (hern from Luca him self on matters connected with the plot, which, though, entrusted to catefal hands for ?delivery, had fallen into the; clutches bf the numerous spies who wer^ abfays on the look out for such| papers, a great mass bf such writings, had!been seized, ana proved beyond -doubt to*be in the young girl's handwriting; , provadj indeed, bycomparison with tbe piece -of writing! on which she was actually en .gaged< atthe moment when the officers of justice made their arrest <?f Luca. ThojEcraahingweiglit with. which this implmatian of his litfte; sister .fell on Luca .ca&fhardlyhe; described in words. Brigida ^->£iida>as he always called l tor-had bean ao many years under his care, her parents ii*Tir>g&ed; in her childhood, and was so «ioh this junior, , that hebad gotto regard almost more as s laughter than as a sister, so much did a feeling of care for her, and . sensr that she was a creature to be sheltered from all' harm, and protected by ^m at all cast, pervade all the relations between the two. Nay, it is impossible to say whether the physical difference between them -forLuca was a, big powerful man, while Brida was slightly and delicately formed in an anobmmon degree-maynot have helped to strengthen this feeling on the brothers «iart, tbat to keep . bta Jittie 'sister out or inrm'e way was oneof tbe chief occupations -of his life. -j-' - .:.* !..'.. \- ? ^rtat this frail creature should be involved ttootaghfeiminso isrrible a calamity was to Oriotfa'thonght' which1 Wasentirelyinsup /HOT^»nstitbtfbtoW<wdellcate,a8 ofe-was, endthere eouldbelittle at theexposMe tothe^sold and damp, -.llt*Was'n<hr iateantufan, J;m**t eauaeher tfee^xtrenoest offering. Death, of course, inevitable for both, astfeey wtaoto'bang ' ^he irbn b^e ftill fsbilti«ididits: ^--T°fr.9W l^e&upf-jfoaQ; ;wjwn j»e| rin ,tJ»e gliply tthe Jjog& s lgQ«e »r^; a«vl ,nWt .ndmwt " tat ti» *nd of 10ctobet.: [oat.iipon a crane-like arqn' Hbe «ffl*t 4»lfiry> ,t?»ndu iaoifc:.warB.:the Ltm1 »i|H^faKuh^the>nrx«i<li 'bf! . it * -little ifafore people " about «a»baiw: tbB;HH common there, and tbey gazed so long as the light lasted, and not till it had quite faded did the last of them go away. The cage would be there the next day, however, "that was one comfort," and after that who could tell how long. There would be a couple of corpses in it one day instead of these living creatures. lue spectacle would be more interesting it possible, then even than now. Hand in hand, the brother and sister sat crouching on the floor of the can, resigned, and waiting for the end. lney spoke but seldom, a word or two now and then, an attempt to encourage each other; then there would come a long pause, while tbey took half unconscious note of the scene aiound, above, below. Mechanically their eyes dwelt on the near details of the huge column to which their prison was suspended, the ornamentation which looked BO smooth and elaborate from below, but here close by seemed quite rough and unfinished, lne stars burnt above them, the twinkling lights . came out in the city below, the dark lagoon stretched out as far as they could see, the [ tower and belfries of the town showed dimly above the other buildings, but none came near in height to the great Campanile from which they hung, and which, when | the bells rang out, seemed positively to sway with the vibration of the deafening sound. They were utterly wearied and exhausted. It was cold, and the damp rose from the ] canal and the lagoon, and seemed to chill them to the bone. Poor li|tle Brigida shivered involuntarily from time to tuna. The absence of all hope-all possibility of deliverance-seemed to depress her vital power, and produced a degree of chul which the actual condition of the temperature did not account for. I " My poor Brida," said Luca, tenderly, looking kindly on her in the dim light,' they might have spared you. What a conspirator, j be added, smiling bitterly, " what a dan gerous subject. Oh!" he cned, _ his tone changing suddenly, " that something could j be done to deliver you from this dreadful fate!" , I " Do you wish me away then, Luca ?" She paused a moment, and tier thoughts went j back to happier times. "Luca," she went ] on, " how happy we used to be before you were mixed up with these dreadful plots and conspiracies, when you used to work all day j at your beautiful missals, and I sat by you making the patterns which you had designed on my embroidery ; and Lippo, who used to be with us so often. Poor Lippo ! I wonder what he is doing, and if he got the letter ? which I sent to him after you were arrested She stopped abruptly as her brother started up from tlie crouching position in which he had lain so long, causing the cage to swing violently to and fro by the sudden move ment. " What was that?" be cried. _ " Something rushed by me in the air; was it a bird ? It came quite near my head." "Again." he cried, after a short interval. 'Ah! it is not a bird. It is-it is an arrow!" "An arrow?" echoed Brjgida, "what can tw. mean?" The moon had come out brightly just at this time from behind a cloud, and they both gazed down on the piazza. The sky was covered again presently, and everything was indistinct, but _ Brigida thought she had made out something like the figure of a man in the great square, near the base of the column. "What can it mean? said Brigida again.. ' " It means, replied her brother, that we are hung up here as _a mark to be shot at. But in the dark, why in the dark?" Brigada shuddered involuntarily and drew nearer to her brother. " I hope they will kill me first," die said. The words were hardly out of her mouth when a third arrow came wtiizzing through the air. This time it struck Luca foil on the shoulder. "They aim well by this dim light," he PflM. " Strange," be added, after a pause, "the anow. hit me full, and yet it has not pierced my skin, nor, Ithink, made any wound. '. But what is this?" he added » moment afterwards. A line,bad fallen across^bis aim, and as be drew one end of it <» bim he found that it was 'attached to the anow which- had sfcrdck him. "The arrow u blunted at the end, and there isaffllkenlme attached to It' Quick in bar woman's wit, quicker awl in her love instinct) Brigida. saw; in an instant what had happened. "It u from Lippo," she cried; "yon know what a ®ood I wftritftfwn.n he is. I knew be would help us." « ' * vi ' There is something fastened to the line, BWU3E US *- UIHI M» UWWIW. An exclamation of relief burst from brother and aster at once. It was followed, as often ens, by a reaction. . . ; tat the cage," cried Brigida. How can *e"^EaBUy." was the reply. . "They have thought tbat the height from the ground was safeguard enough against any attepipt to escape, and have not considered. It necessary to place the bars veiynear together. A little squeezing, dear, and we shall get thatsmall body of yours through between these two Dare, which by apme,incident have gbt more forced apart than the others." . . JJrigida shuddered involuntarily, but her brother allowed her no time for reflection. Baldly, but skilfully, he "fastened bne end of the rope to the cage, and .then tenderly, but? very securely.wound the otiierend about bis ratsi's body# ' << "Ho* terrible it looks," aaldttrt gtil, i gazing down into the darkness below. "Luca," she cried, if it afcudden thought had itruck her. "you will let me down, but *T Shall descend the rope hand over bind > I; fcavedoiie ? ?score#' bt' -for parffmn at the gymnasium.. It iiiiot^f 'to H 1 ^am get throngh them, wMdh-sefemii Sddedr£uniMiyr "there it art . <«tooa»ent : [-wetoe. -Tbo ijope .7°?,'^; cannot slip.'; Now, s'^ueeztog «Q»> fou- m» i^Be* gave ? her, in iJlif n^tcifol1 iconsidepa tlon, up time to thinkj ynd^l^ fiTO^. Pttt .nrfth such care as a rjwttw? his pattetotj)'inert Wfole< pahy -be .^nfMjthfcps tr<mi te*en tt> toobasirtinder/ ;V " ne iw pillJiiever, «eyer' be ubld <to 'follow' me. Yod mre so tiftufe. l^r./Take m fca<&,jawi let m ttv'witb ^B .' fbe. Jjnca listen ferher. He detached her bands from the bam only too easUy, tor she was half feinting, then he leaned over and kissed ber head, and (hen with rapid bat. cautious action paid oat the rope through the bars. When Brigtda reached the termination of her hazardous, journey she was insensible, and it was in that state that LiDpo received her into his arms. By the time she w&9 released from the rope which was bound about her body the poor girl had regained possession of her senses. Lippo'# first care, after almost suffocating his recovered treasure t with caresses, was to provide for Brigida|s im mediate escape. He had a boat ready in the canal close by, manned by a couple of boatmen whom he could implicitly trust, and he was for hurrying her away at once, lest any of the officers of the night-watch, in making their rounds, should enter the piazza. But Lippo a entreaties, usually so powerful with Brigtda, were in this case of no avail. Till Luca was free of the. cage, and stood there beside her; nothing would.induoe her to consult her own safety. She would fly with him or not at all, and the utmost that Lippo's persuasion could effect was to induce her to hide herself, within a recess in the great building which flanked the south side of the square, and came near to the Campanile's base. The girl was, in truth, in an agony of appre hension lest that escape from the cage, which, even in her case, had been effected with so much difficulty, should for her brother be a thing altogether impracticable. With every moment that passed this terrible apprehension gained increase of strength. As to what Luca himself was about, neither she nor Lippo could do more than form the vaguest conjectures. At that height, and in the darkness, they could see nothing but the general outline of the cage against the sky. They could make out, too, that the rope was violently agitated and, shaken, evidently owing to the movement imparted to the cage by the efforts of its occupant to force himself through the bars. But_ time passed, and there was still no indication of that descend ing figure for which they were looking with such absorbing eagerness, and Brigida could no longer resist a eickening conviction that her worst fears were realised. " Oh," she cried, " why did I leave him? It was selfish, it was cruel. I knew he could not get through. Those large, strong shoulders of his"-and here, so strangely are we constituted, came out a touch of sisterly pride-"would never pa9s through j that small opening. Lippo," she cried, almost 1 angrily, "can you do nothing? Why did you shoot that arrow ? Why did you take me away from him? Poor, noble brother, he only cared about me, Lippo," she cried again, petulantly, " there must be something more possible. Quick, the nieht is passing away, and when daylight comes it will be too late." Lippo cast one look up towards the cage, and mechanically stretched out his hand to the silken cord which hung down still from the cage by the side of the rope. As he touched it he seemed to conceive a new idea. "There is hope yet," he said. "Only stay here, keep within the shadow of the wall, and wait, with what patience you can, till I return." He did not stop for her answer, but dashed off acrosB the piazza at his utmost speed. What a time was that which followed! Brigida was alone, alone at the foot of the oolumn, at -the top of which her well-loved brother was still encaged. She could not communicate with him. She had no one at all to speak to or take counsel with. It was one of those dreadful cases in which the severest part of the trial is the necessity of total inaction. It was almost unbearable. She longed to speak. She longed to call aloud to ber brother; to entreat him not to despair. She felt that he had abandoned all thoughts of escape. The rope hung quietly now, showing that no movement was caking place in the cage., Oh, that she could know what this quietness meant! Was he waiting, patient, resigned for the end ? Did he think she baa abandoned him, and that she had consulted her own safety in flight ? No, he could not believe (hat. Or had some dreadful thing happened ? Had he got fixed between the bats?-was he strangled, suffocated? The suspense was horrible; but it must be borne. Brigida was possessed of the price lessgift of good sense. She was wise as well as loving. She must be quiet, she most keep. . hureelX concealed, as she had been told to do. Everything-her brother's fate especially depended on her not being found. She must keep within the shadow of that piece of masonry behind which Lippo had hidden her, and wait. , Once she stole out to the foot of the-Cam panile. The rope by which she had descended hung out away from the pillar, and if any one came by the place, would attract atten tion. She got hold of it, and twisted and entwined it among some of the projecting decorations about the base of the column, so that it should be lew conspicuous. Then die crept bade and hid herself once again. , Even at that hour-it was between two and three in the morning-St. Mark's Place was not entirely deserted. A couple of boated Venetians crossed the square just after she' had got back to her hiding-place. Thejr came quite near to' where she was concealed, and stood looking up at the column, evidently occupied with the topic of the moment, which, indeed, all Venice was talking about. "It is the gin I pity most," she heard one of the men ear* just as they passed out of bearing. Sbe was, indeed, at this moment, perhaps, most to be pitied. After the two men came aparty of the watch on their rounds. They came near -to theioot of the Campanile, andBridiga's heart almost stood still with terror. "They seem quiet enough up there," said one of the men. .-??n ? "Quiet? - Yes 51 should think so," rejoined another. "I shouldn't wonder if one of then, j at may rate, was "quiet In death. Tb*«irl looked more than half dead before ebewas putikpthere." .».;?> .r. j ?' I »onder they haven't placed a sBntayhere; by the Campanile^" said one of themen.'wfaol hadsiotspokenfefore. >*>1 j 'retorted/the first speaker. "Hovdo^otrthtalk This inaction was terrible. : BHgidafelt'as if ehe must do something. She woald'go to thefootof thefUlat and call IMud ta fast . 1 Man a^Atil4 ., .Ml i virdiild-^ j MO# ttlnioi thing would be done; at any rate. .Where have you been? Wlmt haveyon done?"she cried, as soon as he was within ^"^haTO^een home to fetch this,'' he answered, holding up a fil«- JjTVoa file through one of the bars at the top. Then he will be able to bend it aside, and pass through." , "" 'Oh, but is there time? 'The day will not begin to break for an k°Even while he was speaking Lippo was engaged in fastening the little instrument on which so much depended to the silken corii which still hung down by the side of the column. This done, he gave the line one or two sharp pulls to attract the attention ol the occupant of the cage. " Thank God he is alive at least," murmured Brigida, as the line with the file attached to it was swiftly drawn up from above. And now, indeed, there followed a time when the suspense endured by those who waited below amounted to something little short of agony. It was vain for them to strain their eyes into the darkness ; they could makftout nothing of what was going on above. It was vain tolisten for the sound of the file ; it was a windy night, and so slight a noise could not be heard at that distance. Then there was the ever-present fear less some one should, even at that unlikely hour, appear on the piazza. The watch, again on their rounds, passed by once more with lights, and their arms glittering, but this time they did not come so close to the column as they did before. Presently afterwards a drunken fellow came by and insisted on talking to Lippo in a disastrously friendly strain. He stayed so long, and was so garrulous on the subject of the case and its occupants, that Lippo could only get him to leave the place by going with him, returning alone at his utmost j speed as soon as he had lured the talkative sot j Bafely out of the square. Meantime the night, or rather the morning, , was wearing on. It was the time of year when the darkness is long in giving place to daylight, and there was as yet no hint even ot approaching dawn. Only the striking of the hours from the neighbouring clocks told our two watchers of the near approach of dawn, and made them tremble. They almost counted the minutes now, so precious had they become. If once the city began to wake up, and the people to stir abroad, the escape of Luca from his prison would be impossible. There was no indication of any such thing as yet, but the time was nevertheless near at hand when the worJd would wake up for the day, and the life of Venice begin afresh. While Lippo and Srigida were waiting at tbe column s foot, turning these things over and over in their thoughts, they were sud denly startled by the sound of some object ffiling, with a metallic clinking sound, on tbe pavement of the square. Everything that befel now was of the most prodigious moment, and Lippo rushed to the spot, and fpTling on bis knees on the ground made eager search for the object whatever it might be, whose faU had produced the sound. An exclamation of dismay brought Brigida to his side. He was holding in his hand the file which so short a time before they had seen drawn up to tbe top of the column. " What is it that has happened ?" . fal tered Brigida. Her faculties were in some sort benumbed by long tension, and she could not understand, only felt that something was, wrong* " He has dropped it while at work," replied Lippo. " We must send it up to him again ; but how ? The silken cord is drawn up-ah, there is the rope?" As Lippo spoke, he looked up and saw what seemed to take the very power of speaking away from him. He stretched out his hand, and seizing Brigida by the wrist, pointed upward towards the top of the coiuBin. A dim bint glimmer of approaching dawn was just beginning to make itself felt rather tban seen in die eastern quarter of the sky. It was not dawn yet, only the first hint of the coming morning twilight, enough^o give some slight additional distinctness to any object thatBtood out against the sky, and no more. Tbe true daybreak, which was pre sently to bathe the whole .of the heavens in loveliest peUuod light, was near at hand, bat up in the direction by her lover, she could at first see nothing but the mighty pile of masonry at whoee foot she was etsnding, Made and enormous against the sky'; but, aa she oon tinned to gasa.«hebecamepre8iently conscious ttu&fateh; ap in the air, suspended between earth and heaven, then hung tome object which moved' ana swung; ana swayed this way and that as it descended, for it tote descending towards the still distant earth. Tbe tifailiad done its work. , Mechanically ahe fell njpon hex kneea. it was only in that attitude that she could .wait the end, .ana, with clasped hands, cased upwards at that slowly descending form, which liow with every inch of nearer approach became more distinctly and moi® surely recognisable. My little stoiy has reached its end. As soon as Lnc* reached .the ground, after .aifely' accomplishing his perilous descent, tbe three maae off, with each speed as be longs-to those who fly for life, to the. boat which was,awaiting them, and, long before their /flight had been suspected, or the fact proclaimed that the iron cage was empty, its bte occupants were far away from terrible <y«nice,.a!nd *afe from their pursuers. And induetime the old days of tniwtal painting *nd embroidering were wived, only the some was in a tranquil Dutch towta, ana Lippo, now the husband of happy little Brigida. was * permanent put of ibe$|f|ab Jifhment. ^ ? :. . . \ : . ... i . . ' - oent S^53f "To& 'SSttkSik. fcjio*. Vi&fo;'OK'S . fe!!£wsr}*. ?= .:v<> ? tf.oii ». . .. . ." o«s> CmH.,1 an brought _ jUBSPffil. '.f '^bSre bidjj&en; a: medical oonsalt^tipn W wmssssassffii Mratiflc<q^CUihgitfidngfrotti%he evidmjoe. It devolved npon Cnrw to mast&rtheie; debdUof .ito ^case ? so that he might duly pjrompt^Uleader as<fche trialprooefeded.I the ^tmck!wHh^fluicknM« «f!, thesoubdnemtf his judgment! &e; pointt «T>ew*Aa1)y ui^ei H6 b»d<U&U;>Bcfentific knowledgetobagln Wth.'but'hlrftralnedintelUgenoe.hiiirtten-, ,tive inert ory.abd /logtokl roBthtxtjtnpflium in good stead. Hp acquitted himself adtnlr ably. It was mainly owing tofaia exertions tbat the jury were «o liberal in their Mud of i com pensation toll is client. His leader, wha only came into court to deliver his ?spaeohM warmly thanked hira, and the lodge nartw f larly complimented bim. I make mention of' thet>e facte with a view to the character audi qualities pf the man being the better compte., bended. * Tbe case over, it ao chanced that I met' Curtis again and again. There .was at no' time the intimacy of friendship subsisting between ne, but rather a good sort of under. I standing, baaed, I suppose, upon mutual esteem and professional consideration. If j' ever needed legal help I felt soreof obtd*Mp; it at his bands; so, if he wanted ineafcja advice, I took it for granted he would come to me. Still, even in, this informal way I could hardly count bim as a patient, for he so rarely ailed anything. He was a tali, large, framed, middle-age^ man, of active habits, and with every appearance of great phyticg} Btrength. His complexion was swarthy, trig features wero massive but regular, his eyes large and dark without being remarkably brilliant. His forehead was broad, and looked lower than it really was, from his wearing his thick brown-black hair falling forward upon in heavy masses. He was usually rattier careless about his dress, but altogether his pect was decidedly that of a gentleman. He called upon me rather late one night, begging me to pardon his so doing on the ground that he greatly desired to consult me, and to occupy more of my time, perhaps, than I could conveniently devote to htm earlier in the day. I was alone, ana l hastened to assure him that my services were quite at hiB disposal. He looked anxious and jaded, I noted, and biB manner was certainly agitated. His hand was tremulous and feverishly hot. His voice was weak and husky, and he seemed to have tmusual difficulty in expressing himself. I confess, it occurred to me that he had been dining too freely. Presently, however, I was able to dismiss this notion. He grew more composed, and succeeded in controlling the nervons excitement which bad at first appeared to affect him. I judged him to be suffering from over-fatigue and excessive application to his professional duties. He admitted that his health was but indifferent, that bis appetite now often failed him, and that, of late, his sleep had been much disturbed. My advice was of the kind usual under the circum* stances. I recommended rest, change of air and scene, with some recourse to tonic treat ment. He nodded his head, and implied that he had been fully prepared to receive advice of that nature. " But there's more In it than you think," he taid, after a pause, during which his agitation returned to him. " I have not told you all. It's not ordinary assistance that I ask of you. I came to you because I felt sure that you would, in the first place, listen to me calmly and patiently, and next, having beard me, would not be in a hurry, as many men would be, to set me down as stark mad. Please understand the expression literally stork mad" "Certainly not," I said, with a start, won deling at bis words. He was much moved, and had the air of one constraining himself to make « painful confession. But la look and manner he manifested no trace of mental disorder.. "Yet, "he resumed, " to pronounce me of unsound mind would only be a reasonable conclusion. If my case were another's, I should certainly not hesitate so to decide, indeed, I hare the greatest difficulty, as it is. in divesting myself of the conviction that I am, to speak plainly, going mad. More, tbat on one subject, on one only, so far as I caaat present determine, I am already mad. ' I ventured to suggest that morbid imagin ings of the kind he mentioned were ln» quently due to the depression of spirits which accompanies derangement of the physical system, exhaustion of strength, ana undue concentration of thananental faculties; that with the renovation of his general health, X had no doubt, these particular fancies ofiut, however distxearingand acute they might ao* be, would speedily depart. . :-u But you wiU not dedine to listen to n» r Basked.; .???? -. . v I said I thought it wonld be man prudent to leave the matter at rest, lortiitVMaenlib any rate^and Iaaked himto tomeaee.him tbe neoBBsity for so doingstill. . fully into the subject he had referred to.TbIs proposal did not .content him, Jjowever. - r "There is no time to lose/' he said six* titedjy. "Already I may have deUyed;$oo long. It is hard to *peak on this matter, even to you; kit it is harderetilltokeepettsooe. The burden of doubt and fear I have beea bearing it becoming <iaite tnm. I be able to do so ? Who can »*{ , Induauoe 1 ibt m thififllng fiUOfi mtBii ahdiay delusion. YflR ? '? r-''n' " Granting me aa^ tii^ ^therMw. in one . re»p(NrtIamstwn«ely, teriibJyat fault. I'll ^Yonrownimi*a, .of,course I*' gmt-w <.» ' -iHi» dfscmiKon ^hliBMlf Warauffioientl/ .4eomH»riw .-V-siN*. n XKWm .*? ?'4w t. f'Welli lseenothforof thafciML? ' He hiMicated ailUtU^ fcbeahe said with1 .owe effort; . -{?$&'. ' [ glass at me." 