MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. The lecture as announced to be given by Mr. John Cooke, in tho Shire Hall, on Mon day evening last, was delivered according to promise. It was intended to be a sort of inauguration of the Mechanics' Institute so long spoken of, but it happening on the same evoniutr as a suocially summoned meet- ing of the Oddfellows' Lodge, the attendance was somewhat limited at tho commencement. The subject of the lecture was " Supersti tions," and Mr. Hall, Shire Secretary, was voted to the chair. The lecturer treated the strangely varied branches of the subject in somewhat of .a chronological order, commencing with the history of the ancient Druids and their sym bolical devices ; then glancing through the days of trials in proof of guilt in the middle ages, the laws and belief relating to witch craft, the belief in fairies, ghosts, omens of g od and evil, dreams and their interpreta tions, with a small episode in which spiritu alism was touched upon, and a Ghost in the orthodox white clothing and illuminated features made visible. At tho. conclusion of the lecturer's address, which it may be said was given from memory, resolutions were passed for the formation of the Institution, and a committee was appointed. Tho usual vote of thanks was accorded, and we wero glad to see the resident clergy men of each denomination present and taking an active part in the proceedings. "We subjoin the resolutions, which were carried unanimously : — "That tho establishment of a Mechanics' Institute in Avoca will be greatly conducive to the interests of the Inhabitants of the town and neighborhood, botli in a social and progressive sense ; and that, judging from the succoss of the steps already. taken, it is. highly expedient that such an Institution be formed as from this date, to be governed as shall be agroed upon by laws and rules hereafter to be decided on." This resolution was moved by the Rev. of whom will be fpund.in .notKer paragraph, and seconded' by Mr. Worsley. The resignation1 of the- old committee having been accepted, and a vote of thanks' accorded for the service rendered by them duriugtheirtormofoffi.ee — ' The Rev. G. Mather moved — " That a general committee -of, nine, , with power to add, to their number, be appointed this even ing, who shall have power, out .of their number to appoint sub- committees,, viz. : — a building committee, library committee, and committee for the regulation of classes in branches of science and aft, as the Institute progresses." j r Mr. Paten thanked the meeting for the vote of thanks passed to the late committee. Some of 'the members "'of' that committee were deserving it, but there were others, lie thought, who were not. He considered no one should allow Lis name to he put down as a committeeman unless he intended to work. He thought the following would make a good working committee, and would propose them : — " Messrs Hall, Trevena, Kiehl, Lee, Kitchen, J. Cooke, Allanson, Bailey, and the mover." ITlie resolution was seconded by the Rev. E. 3L Yeatman. Mr Mackenzie, of the the Bank of Vic- toria, was elected the Treasurer, and Mr James Lawrence the Honorary Secretary. Mr Scrase, Mr L. Worsley, and several other gentlemen entered their names as annual subscribers of one guinea. A vote of thanks to the chairman termi nated the procedings. 