THE CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE AND THE BENNETT CASE. We very much regret that our Wesleyan contemiorary shoiilcl have fallen into the error of misrepresenting the decision of the Privy Council in the Bennett case, to the prejudice of the sister Protestant Church of England. These are no times for Protestant Churches to he manufactur ing charges against each other ; if faults exist we should be lenient ; if they do not exist, why should we be ready to forge them, and become accusers of the brethren ? We regi-et, as deeply as the Christian Advocate, the escape of Mr. Bennett. We know well that his doctrines were Popish, and his practice was Popish ; but we are equally awai-e, that in a law court, in a criminal case, it is not sufficient to ow : you must be able to piove; and this is just what let Mr. Bennett off. The A tfoocfflte misstates everything. It says that " Mr. Bennett affirmed that he adored the real and actual presence of our Lord, under the form of bread and wine, and tauglit his people to do so," and that the Court decided in his favour. But the Court did no such thing. The Court plainly said that the words firat jniblished by Mr. Bennett were contrary to law, and if they had not been with drawn, would have condemned the writer ; but, being withdrawn, they were not before them. Again, the Advocate puts it thus : " The Court has tlius decided that when a clergy man teaches what ai-e confessedly the ex- tremest doctrines of the Church of Rome, he is not teaching doctrines contrary to the Church of England. It decides that the teaching of Transubstantiation is not for bidden by the standards of the Church of England." Surely the writer of this, as we believe him to be a man of truth, could not have read the judgment. Mr. Bennett did not teach what were confessedly the extremest doctrines of Popeiy, and no one repudiated with more horror the doctrines of Transubstantiation. It he used lan guage which we condemn, " the real, actual, objective presence," we must also i-emember that he added that that presence was " not corporeal," nor of his " natui'al body," but only " spii'itual and super natural." These appear to us mere fool ish and mystic contradictions ; but as the judges must, in a criminal case, take the most favourable sense for the accused, thoy decided that there was a possibility of his not meaning what his former words im plied since his other words contradicted them. " They have given," they say, " Mr. Bennett the benefit of any doubt that may exist." At the same time they state positively, and repeat it, that the Church of England knows of " no presence that is not a presence to the soul of the faithful receiver." A thoroughly sound Protestant declaration. It is a great pity that the Christian Advocate did not ascer tain the facts from reading the judgment, instead of from the party comment of the Times. The Advocate again .speaks hard words against the Church of England, because in law courts, although letting Bennett escape when charged with false doctrine, con demned Mackonochie and Purchas for ritual J as if the Church was more careful of outward things than inward. Now, this is altogether unfair. Overt acts are ofiRiAi +.n lifk linrl miininiis! Whatever the qualifications that may have served Mr. Bennett's purpose to disguise his phrases, the Chiu-ch Courts have deci ded that he must not act on those doctrines. He must not kneel, or perform any other act of adoration, whatever his meaning in saying he adores Cluast spiritually present. Purchas is suspended and is about being depi'ived for doing so. It is for this wise safeguard that the Advocate says, "Accord ing to this last judicial delivei- ance, the business of the Church of England is not to conserve truth at all but ritual' — it is worship that must be taken care of, dsctrines are of no account." What down right nonsense ! As if forbidding, under penalty, the act of adoration was not tak ing care against the doctrine of adoration. The ti- uth is, that all the late judgments of the judicial Committee of Couneil have been triumphs to the Protestantism of the Church of England, so as to leave no pre tence for any honest non-Protestant to remain — the disnonest do so only by hyjjocrisy. The Confessxokai. Unmasked, by a Roman Catholic Bishop. — In our issue of last week we gave publicity to a few facts showing how insidious the confessional is, and, like a great net, can make Protestant and Catholic alike sub ject to its influence. We place before our readers the expressions of one whose voice ought to have weight, being no less a person than Bishop Hughes, — a man well known in New York, if not in Sydne.y — respecting the confes sional and those who administer the sacraments ; and whilst reading, let them remember it is not the utterance of a Protestant, and, therefore, cannot be placed to the account of prejudice, but is a voice of lamentation from a Catholic to Catholics. He says : "It is at the .altar of the confessional where woman's virtue — her brightest picarl, the tower of her strength — is undermined. . . . . Question succeeding question, off spring of priestly imagination, is asked, and ideas .are excited in the mind from which virtue flees abashed under the eye of the absolver from sin, the father confessor, never to return. I deal not in fiction, and I would not have you to conceive it to be such ; my authority is a pure, high-minded woman, who shed bitter tears whilst reciting this mortifying account of the debasement of her countrywomen. It is no un common thing to see the priest at midnight with countenjince inflamed, indicating the depth of his pollution, seated at the gambling-table, his priestly character throwm aside, swearing, and betting, .and cheating with the most expert gamesters. On Sabbath day, after mass, he is seen at the cock-pit, witnessing, and engaged in the barbiwous sport. From these amusements he goes to the bedside of the dying sinner to flatter with an assurance of heaven !" Such is the character which a Roman Catholic bishop gives of the priesthood of his own Church amongst a people where Protestantism was, until lately, unknown — Mexico. He laments the in famous doings of the confessional, and considers it a mere battery for the destruction of virtue — a thing not altogether unknown in Sydney. The pleasing fact, however, is revealed that amongst its bisho)s, priests, and laity, some may be found who see and acknowledge the evil of that abomi nable thing. Even nominal Protestantism seems to conserve from that deeper gulf into which Popery is able to lead a people who twe .alto gether free from its elev.atiug example. If our eyes and ears are not famili.ar with such doings as might be witnessed in Mexico, and other places wholly given up to Popery, it is not be cause Popery has improved in spirit, but in con sequence of the Protest-.antism with which it is here .surrounded. Does it not become the piress and the pidpit to bay the axe at these evils as well as those which have not the sacred name of reli gion to protect them ? The eloquence of the preacher is often heard on behalf of the benighted heathen, that he might be brought to know a more excellent way than to trust to " idols, the work of his own hands but seldom do those in our midst who scarcely know more of the Bible than does the heathen receive th.at consideration which they ought. Would not the advice of the Master be, "Do the one and not leave the other undone ?" Fear appears to have fallen upon all lest they should be considered controversialists. A great and good m.an, whose name is perhaxjs known to every Protestant, John Newton, the friend of Cowper, said, " It is suffieient to preach the truth, and error will fall of itself." His theoiy was, however, refuted in his own experi ence ; for some one (I believe his biogr.apher) says, "this fear of controversy opened a wide door for error .and that " false teachers scat- tered .and dissijiated one of the finest Churches, because unoiqioscd, and which conqielled him to leave Onley, so that when his successor, Thomas Scott, the commentator, entered upon the living he could not collect a congregation of 100 jier- sons in a population of 2500. They had gone after Antinomians, Armenians, Unitarians, &c.;" Few will become controversialists for the love of it ; all ought for truth's sake, when necessary. The Aijostlcs were the greatest controversialists the world ever saw. They had a new thing to teach, and the religious erroi-s of ages to over throw. Had they shrunk from it, their opijo- nents in Antioch, Galatia, Corinth, and Ephesus would have supiflanted them, and destroyed those once flourishing Churches. Error is too popular a thing to die out without a conflict, and Popery is too tenacious of its hold upon the minds and jiurses of men who give up the ghost for the sake of iieace. Should the day ever re turn when a. little of the fire of Knox, the courage of Luther, and the fervour of Calvin will pervade our pulpits, and. our pastors look upon Poxiery as did those men — one of the chief hin drances to the spread of the Gosj)el — then will Popery w.ane ; for she cannot face controversy, and, therefore, raises a cry .ag.ainst it. The GeneraI' Confekbnce of the Ciiurcji of England. — This body are engaged on the preUminaries requisite to act as a Synod rexire- seuting the dift'erent dioceses of the Church of England in Austr.alia. Up to the hour of going to jii-ess they have not concluded the debate on the title — whether Church of England or the Church commonly called the Church of England. We believe there is little doubt th.at the old name will bo retained by a Large majority. It is sur prising to us that any one should be found amongst the rex>reaentatives who would propose any change. Considering that the General Synod ia to 'oe a body whose acts will be inv.alid unless adopted by the Diocesan Synods, and that the Diocesan Synods have ah-eady taken the name oftheChureh of England, it would follow th.at, if the Gener.al Sydod constitutes itself by any other name, it will be to these dioceses a complete nullity. Besides, there are many, both clergy and laity, who would not be members of any Churoit 'out that in which they have lived, and it would be a curious effect of a GeAeral Synod to force a schism. The Public Schools and Dr. Baduam. — Mr. Willis Mas been at great length defending the Public Schools from the strictures of Dr. \- Badhani. Dr. Badh.am, on the contrary, accord ing to his wont, avoids reply by .an impertinency, which amounts simply to this : "What is it to you ? you are only secretary, and have no vote at the Council." Some of Dr. Badham's objec tions to the Public School curriculum seem frivo lous, and others are only imaginary. We think it not a disadviintage, but a decided advantage that the children should be well drilled in "parsing" and "analvsing'sentences," and that they should be well taught arithmetic, mental and the other. We never could understand where the Doctor could find the undue use of rote-learned tasks in the Public Schools ; on the contrary, we,know there is less of this in these schools than in any other schools wo ai"e acquain ted with. We cannot see how Latin could be made a general study, when children remain so short a time at school ; or why such subjects should be provided at the expense of the .State. But we perfectly agree with Dr. Badham's objec tion to the exclusion of history. It is acknow ledged to be a mere cowardly sop tlu-own to the the enemies of eduitation. History is against the prie.sts; therefore our Protestant childu-en must not learn it. Mr. Wilkins flounders about hopelessly in the absurd attempt to show that it is of no use to our young peojile to know some thing of the history of their country, .because, forsooth, all they could learn at school avould be outliny, and not sufficient to direct them to a true political creed. What more can be learned at school of any subject ? The same reasoning would exclude everything that a boy learns. 'Let ns teach him nothing since we cannot teach him the whole .at once," says Mr. Wilkins; meaning really, " let us not teach him anything -of which the Ultramontane world disaiiproves." T.ie Gl.yssites. — It .appears, bj" a letter from Mr. David Buchanan th.at there aro four mem- hers of this denomination in Now .South Wales, and that they all dwell under one roof,— that of the saine gentleman — and that he comxdains strongly of the injustice of ranking them among "other Protestants in the census, instead of giv ing them a column to themselves." We know jaothiug about the doctrines of the Glassites. Mr. Buchau.an has only told us th.at they taught " the pure Gospel, and we d.are say, if the truth were known, this jmre Gospel, as preached by the Rev. Mr. Glass after and before he separated from the Church of Scotland, was precisely the same Gospel as most Protestant clergymen preach, even "all the leading denominations whom Mr. Buchanan jniblicly declares to be heretic.al shams, &c.;" We arc the more sure of this bec.ause he names the late Professor Faraday as preaching for the Glassites, and we know th.at F.arad.ay was gound in the faith which the lead ing Protest.ant denoniin.atious teach. We do not think a familj' of foiii-, who h.ave really no distinctive point of dift'ercnce to make a denomi nation, excejit a worthy admiration of a certain clergyman named " Glass, " need found a griev ance on being numbered with "other Protes tants." We adinii-e Mr. Buch.anan, and we would wish to see his abilities used to good pur pose — not wasted on such trifles, and .arming his enemies with a sneer. Hill End. — The found.ation-stone of a Pi'o- testant Hall was laid at Hill End, on Tuesday last, by Joseph Paxton, Esq., in the presence of an immense number of peojfle. A xmblie meeting wMch followed was addressed by the Rev. Dr. McGibbon and Dr. Steel, Messrs. Tress, Studds, and J. Paxton, Esq., and was a great success. Alleged Biie.vch of the Marriage Act. — On Friday, the 1 1th instant, the Rev. R. Currey was ch.arged at the Grafton Police Court (before the Police Magistrate .and Mr. W. Robertson, J. P.) with a breach of the MaiTiage Act. The Grafton Observer gives a report of the evidence, from which it ajipears that on the 16th of March last the defendant, who is the officiating Church of England minister at Laavrence, in the Clarence River district, maiTied Alfred Trasey to Diana Ann Davidson. They were m.arried .at the home of the bride's mothei', in accordance ivitli the wish of the latter. The m.arri.age was witnessed by Mr. Potts, of Chatsworth Isl.and, who covrobor.ated the evidence of Tracey as to the marriage. The defendant's name did not aptpear in the certified list - of ministers authoi'ised to eelebrate marriages during the current j'ear pro duced in court; and, after other evidence, the defendant was committed to take his trial at the Grafton Quarter Sessions. Deputation. — The Rev. W. B. Clarke, Mr. Russell (Government Astronomer), Dr. Wright, . Mr. Wallis, .and Mr. C.atlett, formed a deputa tion from the Royal Society, who waited on the Colonial .Secretary on Monday and requested the Government would pflace a sum of money on the Estimates to enable observ.ations to be t.aken in this colony of the transit of "Venus. It was explained that the instruments at the Observatory were inadequate, and th.at more piowerful teles copes were in the possession of pirivate piersons. The importance of obtaining accurate observ.a tions of the tr.ansit of Venus was urged by considenation of the fact that astronomic.al calcidatious for the next one hundred years would be largely dependent upon them. The Imperial Parliament had voted £15,000 for the purpose of enabling the Astronomer Royal to take the necessaiy observations in England. In this colony tempiorary observatories would be required at Eden and on the Blue Mountains. Mr. Parkes promised to submit the matter to his colleagues, and s.aid th.at he thought the ap plication would be favourably entertained. The Late Governor. — Steps .are being taken to pn'ocure a portrait of the Earl of Belmore, in order to complete the series of portraits of Australian Governors. The services of some eminent English artist aiwto be obtained, and a subscription for this purpiose has been started. Sii' William Mac.arthur .and Sir Alfred Stephen have consented to initiate the movement. The amount required to cover all cxpienses is £220, and we understand one-half that sum has been ali'eady collected. 