PAPAL INFALLIBILITY. A lecture on Papal Infallibility was delivered by the Very Rev. Dr. .Barsanti on Monday evening last in St. Mary's seminary. There were present the Ven. Archdeacon Rigney, Rev. P. J. Mahoney, Pere Garavelle, P. Walsh, Father Lyons, and G. Learning. The hall was well tilled. The Ven. Archdeacon Rigney presided j and brielly introduced, toe lecturer. The Very Rev. Lecturer — after a few intro ductory remarks said — that as in philosophical demonstrations evidence necessarily was ad mitted as the last motive, the supreme criterion of natu ral certainty — so in theological m atters — in matters of faith and morals the same necessity for an infallible rule, a supreme tribunal and an unerring judge existed. Having adduced numerous reasons in support of this the Lecturer then came to the ' great point' upon which he was to speak — who has to act as the supreme ! and infallible judge in matters of faith and ! morals. Had the Vatican Council not conclu ded its sittings — and had not the Vicar of Christ spoken once more as the pastor of the faithful, he might enter into discussion on this point — but there was now no need. Since; the promulgation of the new dogma they had but two words to answer to every religious question — Papal infallibility. ' Rome had spoken' wrote St. Augustine to the Pelagians when their errors were condemned ''and all questions are settled.' The enemies of the dogma of Papal Infallibility might be divided into three classes, that is, the liberal press, the ultramon tanists, and the inopporfcunists. Upon any of these he would not make any remark, his lecture was didactic not controversial a,nd his aim was to give his hearers a correct idea of the dogma of Papal Infallibility. A concise explanation oi the dogma would give a correct, idea of its na ture and justness. I. Papal Infallibility was not personal impeccability or the immunity of the Pope from sin. Though on account of the Pope's high position, dignity, and responsibility they might avow that he was favored by God with special grace, yet he was a child of Adam; and, as such, liable to sin. II. . Papal infalli bility was not the unerrableness or the immunity \ from error of the Pope in the management of his -1 temporal affairs, as, a private man, or as a civil lord, or as a, private theologian. III. Papal i Infallibility was not the unerrableuess of the Pope when he delivers his orders and j decisions as Pope , but on particular cases , regarding particular objects such as the appoint- | men't of bishops and. which depend upon the testimony of other men who are liable to deceive and be deceived. IV. Papal ..Infalli-!j bility was not divine inspiration— as that pos sessed by the Prophets, &c.; V. Finally Papal Infallibility was not a , new revelation, as to ?? make known a new doctrine which is not con tained expressly or impliedly in the deposit of faith, in the scriptures, traditions and unani- : mous consent of Christendom. Papal Infallibi lity is nothing more, nothing less than— a special divine assistance of the Holy Ghost by which though naturally weak and feeble in himself ?? the Pope is specially and divinely enabled to preserve holy and expound faithfully the revealed truths contained in the deposit of faith delivered to the Apostles and entrusted ? ;to ; the Church. There was nothing startling-— nothing contrary to the Scriptures and to the -principles of the.: Christian faith in this. It. affected the Pope not as a private man but in ; his public official sacred character ; that is when,; speaking ex; cathedra. He derives the , prerogative not from personal merits — but fr.om the. promises or ? Christ to St. Peter. The aim of Papal Infalli bility is to maintain in its -.purity, and integrity the unity of faith and to. -prevent- the flock of Christ from error, corruption and heresy. Taken in its theological meaning it implied if our things ; 1. That the object of Papal Infallibility; should be strictly confined to the domain of a doc-:; trine regarding faith and morals. ' IX That; the Pope should define, not .merely: -i-.de--; clare or suggest it. III. That ; the defini-;; tion must contain a truth to be held as-.; divinely revealed and believed to hs true by the whole church. IV. gThat.it should* -be: official, solemn, and canonical, that is ex cathe-' dra. . : .' The lecturer here read the decree of Papal ? Infallibility, and referred at length to the: reedom of discussion allowed on, it in, the-. Council, It passed through a triple discussion s and triple preparatory vote — until there could be scarcely room for a mistake. , Even before '? the decree {was read two bishops denied th eh', assent to it, but who immediately; after it , .was read by the Pope, ran to him and cried out et nunc, crcdimus, sancte Pate; And now we believe 0 Holy Father. The lecturer then explained at length the text .sot' the decree: — pointing out that the result of the promulgation, of the dogma had not bori.e out, the fears of the inopportunists -but on the contrary had ten ded and would tend to the glory of God to the exaltation of the church and to the salvation of Christian people. Some few persons had re fused assent to it but they were nothing as com pared with the many millions who had re-, ct-ived it. He further proved that Papal Infallibility was not defined by Pius IX himr self alone but with the approbation of the Sacred Council ; that it was a dogma divinely revealed, . ; which';before its promulgation_was theologically/ certain but is now dogmatically true, - that the dogma was a heavenly gift, not depen-,, ding on the merits or demerits ot' the, Popes ; as private men— but on the promises of Christ — and it does not render them impeccav i ble. He next proceeded, to show that Papal Infallibility was confined to matters' of faith and morals. It did not comprise 1. de crees regarding ecclesiastical scriptures, rites, andcanon law, unless they contain a dogma. II. Worldly sciences, in so far as they do not contradict any of the revealed truths. 1 .11. Dynastic, political, and territorial questions . emanating from civil causes and hereditary claims provided they contain nothing that can be a breach of justice. The lecturer then referred to the assertion that the dogma ivas a rew'ohe. It was true,, it was recently discussed and pro posed, but he convincingly proved that, as a theological doctrine, it was as ancient as the Church itself. i He next drew attention to the fact that as, in the old law, the high priest, as a divinely appointed judge in matters regarding the, law of God, the commandments, the cere monies, and justifications, was infallible in his decisions— with how much more reason then was it to be said of the Supreme Pontiff of the new law. The lecturer here quoted many ex tracts from the Old Testament as to the infalli bility of the high priest, and concluded, thus. 'Papal Infallibility is the only security of the sta bilty of dynasties and empires, the health of so ciety, the reign of peace, justice, and integrity. Without Papal. Infallibility the human mind would grow up in darkness, and the world would waft to ruin and destruction. Papal In fallibility is the citadel of truth, the shield against, error, the guarantee of temperate go vernments, the immovable rock to which hu manity has to cling in every wind, of doctrine, iii every torrent of vicissitude. ' On resuming his seat, as alsof frequently dur ing the delivery of his eloquent and instructive address, of which the above is a mere precis, Dr. Barsanti was loudly cheered. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was moved by Mr. G. Hurley, seconded by Mr. Flanagan, aud carried by acclamation. 