PROMINENT TOPICS. JOURNALISTIC TERGIVERSATION, THE ways of the Melbourne morning journals are not straight, but they are by no means dark. Their opinions of to< day are not those of to-morrow, but there is no attempt to conceal this tergiversation It is as conspicuous and remarkable as the inveterate and unprincipled hostility which prompts it. Because the resignation of the Treasurer did not appear in the next Gazette after it had been received, its non appearance was attributed to some sinister motive on the part of the Chief Secretary. In one instance it was openly imputed to hira as a discreditable trick that he deferred dealing with the resignation in order that he might be at liberty to refuse to accept it, if the committee of inquiry exonerated Mr. Berry. Now that the resignation has been accepted, Mr. Duffy is charged with having acted ungenerously towards his late colleague. Who, after this, will say that it would be possible for the Ministry to please the Melbourne morning papers ? Is there a single individual of the least common sense or discernment who will not see that their opposition to the Government proceeds from feelings of personal hostility discreditable to journalism ? THAT the Government THE RAILWAY is earnest in its railway FOLICT. policy is very evident from the prompt attention it is giving to the several questions involved in it. As we learn from a return recently laid before Parliament the permanent surveys of the Castlemaine and Maryborough Railway have been completed a B far as Carisbrook—a distance of twentynine miles—and a trial line has been surveyed, fourteen miles in length, from Joyce's Creek to Maryborough, passing south of Carisbrook, for a proposed deviation towards Majorca. The permanent surveys through to Dunolly will be finished by August. On Wednesday a first and most important step was taken towards the construction of the lines from Ballarat to Ararat, and from Castlemaine to Maryborough, tenders having been selected that day for the first fourteen miles of each of these lines. This is how a Ministry of action carries out its policy. There is no paltering or delay with questions of great public interest. What it is well to do is done quickly, and the country is not left expectant and doubtful, month after month, as to; the real intentions of the Government,- or as to its ability to carry out those promises which it made during the recess. THE inveterate per- AH HONOURABLE sonal enmity with which MEMBER. Opposition members are • pursuing the Government is betraying them into making false charges, for which there is not the slightest foundation; and as they have not the manliness or courage to retract when the falsehood is fastened on them, they are becoming more demoralised than our public men have been at any past period of the country's history. One instance of the kind, in which Mr. Garratt, the member for East Geelong, committed himself, we hav e already noticed. We have convicted that gentleman of having disingenuously misrepresented this journal in the House, and though the misrepresentation was brought under his notice, he has not had sufficient moral courage or honesty to correct it. In another instance this honourable member has been equally rash, and again no sense of justice weighed with him when his misstatement was challenged and hie authority for it was requested. By the Argus Mr. Garratt is reported to Aave thus spoken from his place in the House: — He would mention one little instance of the necessity that existed for legislation on this subject. A Roman Catholic Priest in his district issued printed circulars to the parents of Roman Catholic children, threatening them with certain pains and penalties unless they took their children away from the school they were attending, and sent them to the Koman Catholic school. Some forty Roman Catholic children were attending a school he referred to, and the teacher, to avoid losing them, which he conld not afford agreed, though a Protestant, to teach those children the Roman Catholic catechism himself after school hours. There were several deliberate and circum- .stftiitial statements which no honourable irikn would be guilty of making if he were "not prepared to substantiate them, and Mr. Garratt refused to do so when applied to by the only rev. gentleman to whom the i allegations could refer. The Very Rev.; Dean Slattery, of Geelong, without whose authority printed circulars such as Mr.i Garratt described could not be issued there, applied personally to that gentleman for bis authority, and was promised that it would be given the next day. But that day Mr. Garratt sent his clerk to the rev. gentleman, not with the name or authority that had been promised, bnt with a verbal message declining to give any information on the subject. And this Mr. Garratt is one of the men who say the ugliest things of gentlemen belonging to the Ministerial party! As the non. member for East Geelong has refused to keep to his word, all that can be done is to give a positive denial to his statement, and to leave the public to attach to it just so much credibility as the assertion of a man who had just broken his word is entitled to. No printed circulars were issued, and the master of the Kildare Common School, the only one to whom Mr. Garratt's statements could refer, has, under his hand, denied their truth, and added that the rivalry that exists between his and the other public school is an honest competition. Twice, then, Mr. Garratt is convicted of misrepresentations, and of having sneaked out of the consequences of them. And this is the man who would lay heavy bands on the private character of Mr. Berry ! But the beam in his own eye is so very large that no notice should betaken of what he pretends to see in the eyes, of others. IN the Assembly. Wednes- A MANLY day evening Mr. Zeal made VINDICATION', a telling and effective speech in favour of the Govern- ment, for which, however, we have been unable to find room for more than a mere e. The hon. gentleman ridiculed the idea of the Government being displaced because of their appointments, and handled severely those gentlemen—notably Mr. Ramsay—who, having signed a paper strongly recommending Mr. Dennis for the appointment of piermaster at Williamstown, afterwards brought in and supported a vote of want of confidence because that. gentleman was successful in obtaining the position! He dwelt with much force on the meanness of hon. members who stated to the House that they did not know what they were signing, and laughed to scorn the notion of a solicitor like the mover of the amendment, Mr. Ramsay, attaching his name to any document without being aware of its contents. Such people should, he said, be unsexed, and put in petticoats for the remainder of their lives. He characterised Mr. Bogus Clarke as a political magpie, going about trying to unearth secrets better left alone. He reminded the House that that hon. gentleman was_ a leading member of the Orange Asso. eiation, and consequently beheld the -Government with a saffron hue. He cautioned some of those who were now patted on the back, made much of, and given to understand that they would be in the next Government j and predicted that they'would find they were not of the elect—not numbered among the " unco guid." There would then be weeping, wafling, and gnashing of teeth, and the new Government would find no more vigorous assailants than those gentlemen. The hon. gentleman at the outset intimated his intention of giving any who interrupted him a Roland for his Oliver, and he kept his word, in the course of his remarks dressing down Messrs. Langton, Cohen, Patterson, Burtt, Clarke, and McBain. Mr. Zeal feelingly reminded hon. members of that final court of appeal—their constituents — to which all must bow, and expressed his conviction that the vast majority of the people of this colony were in favour of the policy propounded by the Government. He defended the railway policy of the Ministry, and paid a fitting tribute to Mr. Grant's administration of the Lands department. Altogether the speech was an excellent one, and produced a- marked effect on the House. He resumed his seat amid loud applause. WE have already given the AN ExroauRE names of eighteen country OF journals that support the WEAKNESS. Ministry—these the most influential of the provincial press—and this week we publish a list of twenty-nine journals that claim a dissolution for the Ministry as a right which should not be denied. The Argus meets us with a counter movement, and gives the names of nine country journals that support the Opposition. Twenty-nine to nine! And if our exchanges were as numerous as our contemporary's, we should have had no difficulty in considerably increasing the majority. The counter movement is a mistake. It only serves to expose mo»e clearly the weakness of the false position taken up by the Opposition. It is not altogether unlike the foolish explosion of a mine under the feet of one's friends. ON Thursday, May DEMORALISED FOLI- 23rd, Mr. Langton, TICIANS. from his place in'the House, asserted-' that O'Connell had made use of these words in reference to Mr. Duffy :—" I regret to say that the honourable member never , had a; friend lie did not ruin, and never belonged to a party he did net betray." Mr. Duffy denied the assertion, and challenged Mr.' Langton to name his authority. To which Mr. Langton replied :—" It was said, either at Cork or DuMn, and will be found recorded in the Irish newspapers of the day." For such conduct as tliis oh the part of a political opponent there can be no excuse. Before the honourable member for West Melbourne dared to make a defamatory statement of this character he should have been prepared with his authority for it. And not being, he should have retracted it when its truth was denied by the gentleman at whom it was levelled, and who. for several reasons, must have had a knowledge of it if it had ever been made. It never was made, and could not have been made. O'Connell died at Genoa, 15th May, 1847, and Mr. Gavan Duffy was not elected for New Ross till the 16th July, 18">2. How, then, could the Great Tribune at any time during his lifetime have spoken of Mr. Duffy as the "honourable member." The use of this parliamentary phrase in the torgery would of itself be sufficient to betray its baseness. But it bears other internal evidence of its spurious origin. In the alleged quotation it is said Mr. Duffy "never beloDgedto a party, &o.;" In July, J S4G, the Young Ireland party, refusing the Conciliation Hall test, which no men of honour or spirit could accept, severed from that party, and that was the only great public body of which Mr. Duffy had up to that time been a member. When O'Connell died, the piospects of the Young Ireland party, though it had not been long formed, were most brilliant; the great genius for which it was afterwards conspicuous and celebrated was then fast attaining maturity, and it could not at that time have been said of one of its ablest and most trusted members that he had betrayed it. In reference to Conciliation Hall alone could such a charge have been made by the Great Tribune against Mr. Duffy, and the remark falsely attributed to O'Connell refers to more than one party. The forgery is a libel on O'Connell's memory, and an act of cowardly injustice against the reputation of Mr. Duffy. The slander was uttered a week past, and in the interval hundreds of people have been searching for the words, and not one has found them. There have been men without principle or honour to repeat them, and affirm that they were used, but not one to substantiate the assertion. Proh pudor ! A falsehood has been uttered, refuted, and repeated without a blush, and it is against hostility of this discreditable character the Ministry and their friends have to defend themselves. Well may the Star say that our public men are becoming demoralised, and that their bad' example must have a demoralising effect upon others. THE articles, gushing with COUNTERFEIT loyalty and brimming with LOYALTY. inflated nonsense, which appeared in some of the English journals during the illness of the Prince of Wales, were in others made the subject of very amusing articles, of the character of the one from Catholic Opinion on the Thanksgiving Ode, which will be found in our seventeenth page. The sickly sentimentality which the Spectator, and other journals of its class, rebuked and made sport of was exhibited to a nauseating degree in Sydney by Mr. Parkes, of ghost notoriety, and his congeners, and we have had over much of the same kind of thing in this colony lately—so much that men whose loyalty is unimpeachable have had their stomachs turned by the over-strong doses of the article which the public have been asked to gulp down. It has been as if elderly women of the valetudinarian class were forcing children to swallow treacle and brimstone out of a gallon measure, in quantities far beyond their need, and even beyond their capacity to receive it, and there have been men manly and honest enough to denounce this stupid infliction. In good style Mr. Longmore'bas done so, and with great common sense, and in an admirable vein of satire, Mr. Joseph Jones, on Tuesday evening, followed suit in the Assembly. The latter gentleman made a telling speech against the degradation of the sentiment of which those creatures are guilty who, for sinister motives, are constantly flouting their counterfeit loyalty in the face of people whose loyalty is not on their lips, where the curses of the profane ever are, but in their hearts, where every good and sincere sentiment is enshrined. Those ceaseless professions of loyalty are wearisome and nauseating, more especially coming from people who prostitute the sentiment to the purposes of political intrigue, and to personal motives of a most dishonourable character. Mr. Jones deserves, much credit for denouncing the baseness of the counterfeit, and we are quite certain that his npeech will be read with pleasure, not only by every honest, but also by every, loyal man in the community. It will be found in our parliamentary intelligence. 