NEW ZEALAND ITEMS. A -? The following remarkable statement is made by the Fiji correspondent of the petition Goal - "The brig Carl, of Mell unite, with upwards of 100 labourers on board, came into port chair r train was anticipated, hemp short of provisions, also baling the chatter of owner, Dr. Murray, on boarding ill Jio utisitictor} summers ieubuintdiu reference to his new in train condition It appears that he was left upon iho'isUed-. of the new Hebrides upon! a former voyage of the Carl, and when the vessel left Levuka in December last she shared her c yards for that group in order to pick him up. This was done not until, however, he had passed among savages a period kt seven weeks on the island of Apia. Ills stay among them 16in unfathomable mystery. No one gives any reliable explanation in rest rein to his condition when restored from that island, inhabited by cannibals. And Dr Murray himself is lnahuieltsB suite of insanity-his ruindspeilect wi.cl.-whi.h has unquestionably been in duration the horrible scenes he has experienced He was well-known in Melbourne and other districts in the colony of Victoria, Had his present condition is deplorable in the eittone, for, in addition 11 his loss of mind, his health is impaired farmer filed in quantifies gushes from the mouth and nostrils of thieconlirn id lunatic, and his extreme (initiate n presents a problem spectacle of wretched news leaders witnessed " Anal serum, or something very like one, is reported to have then been in the W mining district, She Chrome e tkjs-"Soiuo wife and, two youths were out (in the neighbourly d of Man^awLcro, and got separated for nine little time, during which our of them was feeling his way through some thick scrub, ml i once contested a large animal which jumped up mine tale J to his horror "stricken optics the (gigantic outlines of a bird some night or nine feet high The boy gg Ada second at the monster, which returned the coiupliuiem,und line now being made clear different direc- uoiB,lhcliyiiibi-hu n and fright falling and rolling down lbs side of ùdiillvit} When he regained his companion, the latter says he was ashy pale, and looked as though he hídeiuOíiU holiest of,.' r, or seen a. 'ghost.' Little notice was taken of the boy's utter at the time, but latterly a person of credibility has distinctly asserted that he saw footprints of a gigantic bird, whose studs covered three or four feet, in the same to ality he that above mentioned." the 0 ago Baily Times, in a paragraph regarding the appearance of small-pox in Auckland, says With returned to the telegram from Auckland which states that a pstcmgfrfroui Wellington by the Nebraska had shown symptoms of small-pox, the agents for Mr. Webb's steamers raced us to state that thwarted opinion that bo(hinlh«l«*soiind in that of the mail agent who was attacked with small pox at Wellington, the disease was in all probability contracted in testing, at least, that it was not brought by the Nebraska on her downward trip from Anitricit With that view we entirely coincide, and deem it most likely that the district introduced by the Scandinavian passengers to Wellington, who came by the England, has not been thoroughly eradicated and has again broken out. ' 