YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION. The members of the above Society held one of their popular entertainments in St. Joseph's Hall, Margaretstreet, on Tuesday evening. At a to 8 the St. Joseph's Band opened by playing a beautiful selection, Mere et Patrie,"' in a really creditable style. The curtain then rose for the production of the laughable farce, Done on both Sides,'" in which Mr C. Burke, as Mr John Brownjohn, and Mr R. B. Murra}', as Pygmalion Phipps, acquitted themselves well Mr James Doolan, as Mr Whiffles, and Mr W.Green, as Mrs Whiffles, acted well their parts as two schemers. Mr T. Sullivan, as Lydia Whiffles, played fairly, but did not seem very sentimental, or the least inclined to faint when Mr Brownjohn (Mr C. Burke) endeavored to kiss her. Too much praise cannot be given to Mr Burke for his masterly acting in the part allotted to him. A very pleasing Musical Interlude followed, in which, Miss Murray, Mr Galvin, Mr Roper, and Miss Connell sung several songs with great effect. Miss Murray's song, " Write me a letter from home," was loudly encored. A duet, by Miss Connell and Mr Day (piano and cornet) was also encored. A solo on the clarionette by Mr C. Galvin was encored, though we have heard him play better. The St. Joseph's Band then played the Big Sunflower Schottische, which seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. The last iece on the P programme " The Post of Honor," was then produced. Mr Jno Doolan, as Cobus Yerks, and Mr W Green, as Trudchen distinguished themselves in their usual style, though some amusement was afforded to the audience by a slight disarrangement of part F of Trudgeon's Vfu \ clothing. YE"A C / Poor T was n ? the .j e ? st af, ™ d of J e . atl ' seemed as if he could not help shivering. O Mr Keon, as — Montolieu, was well up in his part, and acted it well. Mr W.Learoyd,as Adela, daughter of Burgomaster Botherwick (Mr D. O'Connor) was very amusing. The part of the Sergeant was very well payed by Mr Kenrielly. The other characters were fairly represented. The ghost scene was admirably given by Mr R. B. Murray, who promises to be a good actor, the entertainment terminated at a quarter to 11 by the Band playing the National Anthem, but as usual the audience did not stav hear it finished, which we regret to observe is the case at nearly every Entertainment both at the Mechanics* Institute and St. Joseph's Hall. The proceeds amounted to nearly £13. 