? Miscellanea. THE MIDNIGHT MEETING MOVEMENT. ON Monday evening, the eleventh annual meeting of the above society was held in Exeter Hall, Robert Baxter, Esq., in the chair, supported by the Revs. R. J. Simpson, A. M'Millan, E. H. Jones, and Joseph Wilkinson, Major Cooper Gardiner, Major-General Burrows, and others. Rev, Joseph Wilkinson opened the proceedings with praver. Mr. Weakley (the secretary) then read the report, which showed that there has been 2104 fallen women present at the midnight meetings held since the month of May last ; of these 154 had been rescued at the time, and 34 had been saved by after application; of these 188, 64 were under 19 years of age; 33 were of that age; 46 were between 19 and 22 years of age, and only 42 above 22 years. The balance- sheet showed that the income for the year had been £1492 10s. 10d., inclusive of balance ; and the expenditure £1102 6s. 4-Jd., leaving a balance of £390 4s. 5£d. The Committee state that they endeavour as far as possible to hold one meeting weekly through out the year, changing the locality according to the reports received from the district ; that, as the result of their efforts, many districts of London may now be traversed at all hours without the pedestrian being solicited to sin, and that upwards of 100 houses of bad repute have been closed within the radius Of a mile and a half of Charing- cross. The chairman, in opening, said that he had no occasion to intro duce the character of their work to his hearers. They looked out on society, and saw two great cankers eating into the vitals of the nation — the one was drunkenness, and the other was the vice which they were endeavouring to destroy. The last was one of those vices which could not be met by large organisations — it was only to be done by individual effort, by persuasion and by tact. Christian ladies could do much for their poor fallen sisters : they could follow where man could not. It was not drawing-room philanthropy that was required, but self-denial, but it repaid every effort. A Christian word would often move these poor creatures to tears. They were not hard hearted ; they despaired, and they had to be encouraged. They had had but one meeting in the yoar which failed to bring in repen tant women ; the remainder had been very fruitful. The Rev. Archibald M'Millan, in moving that the report be re ceived, said that he had no experience in midnight meetings in London, but he was not ignorant of the work in the provinces. A small number of ladies in connection with his congregation in the country formed themselves into a compact body, and took a house in a secluded square devoted wholly to lost women. They then took a house further away, and placed there those whom they had rescued ; and he was glad to say that many of them became not only good members of society, but true Christians. The Rev. R. J. Simpson, in speaking to the report, observed that this was a day of restoration. They had restoration of cathedrals, churches, and other buildings, but the restoration which their society attempted was above all the restorations of temples and churches. Their work was to restore the temples of the Holy Spirit, tenantless for a. time, but ready to come back when they had been cleansed by the blood of Christ. He had gone through many lunatic asylums in the land, and had seen some of the most miserable dwellings of the poor, but he had never felt such pain as when he saw his poor fallen sisters in their revelry, and afterwards noted the tears of repentance falling from them; As men, they must all feel the awful responsi bility that was laid upon them to recover these poor creatures. God in his wisdom had placed different objects of compassion in different hearts ; .'but whatever might be said of other charities, no one could say that their labours were not needed. The Rev. E. H. Jones remarked that it was perfectly impossible for any rational being to make any objection to their society. These poor creatures were their poor sisters, they were sisters in trouble^ Thr-v lnfrrlif vafov in flofpf.tivo. flwf-lli?irrs. in flnffifltivfi education. tO defective legislation. The lust was the worst. ' The law punished the forger and the thief, but people received the seducer into their homes and talked lightly of his sins, though in fact he was worse than the forger and the thief. These poor creatures came from all nations, and many of them came from the most beautiful parts of England, from its vales and its dales, from its mountains and its hills, from its downs and from its cliffs. It was a painful thing to think that many of these fallen creatures were very young, that many of them had been Sunday-school children, and that the majority had been domestic servants. In that he saw a lesson to all heads of families. Major Cooper Gardiner then moved a vote of thanks to the chair man, and after a few words hi commendation, spoke of the fall of France, which he believed occurred through her vice, cautioning England against treading in her path. The Rev. Joseph 'Wilkinson, in seconding, observed that though the expenditure had been £ 1000, the greater proportion had been spent on the rescue of the poor women. The working expenses were not heavy, but the secretary's labours were. The work was very encouraging. He knew that their work was the Lord's work, and He would prosper them in it if they were faithful. The chairman acknowledged the vote, a hymn was sung, and the benediction pronounced. — Tlie Hock. ? «-*♦ ? Inspiration. — The sacred writers were the organs of God, so that what they taught, God taught. It is to be remembered, how ever, that when God uses any of His creatures as His instruments, He uses them according to their nature. He uses angels as angels, men as men, the elements as elements. Men are intelligent, voluntary agents, and as such were made the organs of God. The sacred writers were not made unconscious or irrational. The spirits of the prophets were subject to the prophets. They were not like calcu lating machines, which grind out logarithms with infallible correct ness. Their self- consciousness was not suspended, nor were their intellectual powers superseded. Holy men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. It was men, not machines ; not unconscious instruments, but living, thinking, willing minds, whom the Spirit used as His organs. Moreover, as inspiration did not involve the suspension or suppression of the human faculties, so neither did it interfere with the free exercise of the distinctive mental charac teristics of the individual. If a Hebrew was inspired, he spake Hebrew; if a Greek, he spake Greek; if an educated man, he spoke as a man of culture ; if uneducated, he spoke as such a man is_ wont to speak. If his mind was logical, he reasoned, as Paul did; if emotional and contemplative, he wrote, as John wrote ? Nevertheless, and none the less, they spoke ' as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and their words were His words. — Systematic Theology) by Charles Hodge, D.D. 