AN AMERICAN ON CAITHNESS. We take the following from thire Neow lork Evening rost of the 30th of August last: Wick, Scotland, July 30, 1872. Every region of the earth has its peculiarities. In these hyperborean realms of the far northl thie chief ones seem to be their two-hours' twilight, their twenty two hours of daylight, their perpetual mists and rains. Any day is a " finue day," in the language of tirhe couuntry, whens it doesn't pour. When the rainfall .pproaches thire copiousness of a deluge, many people can be met with who frankly consider that itis "soft weather." We are writing quite a long way beyornd the land of the aefcPherson, the home of the translator of Ossian. But if tihe Scotch Chbatterton had the ad vantage of seeing the living Gael striding through such mists as one sees them here, hre need have been at no loss for' thie couception of his martial and melancholy ghosts. Thire protection which many other races frantically seek from gutta-plerchal, these seem by iNature provided withl. And we verily believe that ihe who clffemioaty carries an umbrella is regarded by them as we might regard a lame or sickly duck. In short, their condition, with respect to allcloud-begotten floods, is one ofentire imperviousness. These coasts are inhabited by a ihardy, simple, and courageous race. Tire power that commands such sea-levices need never sbrink from shlowing her flag on the sea. They are grave, grimr, silenrt, but warm of heart. They are true sons of the tempest-native citizens of thire ware. Laughter gushes from them only as water does firom the rock-sealed up at first front all hIuman view, till the fountains are once opened, and it gushes exuborant. 'Tis wonderful how distinct a liue may be drawn at this day in the north of Scotland between the old Norse settlements on tihe east coast and thie primeval habitat of the Gaol on the west. Both races adopted the Reformed religion, and live in unity under the Presbyterian polity. Both buffet tIre waves together in their snearch for finny riches. Yet, only that the northern Gael is more taciturn than tile most of hIris people, his chorntere istics remain. He speaks his own language with jeal ous care, and if tile Norscman or the Sassenach wish to traffle with him, they must speak it too. When thie fishing brings thire Gael nrd the Norsemanr to gether, separate services are held in the parish church, often by the same minister for both. Hogg sanrg of the country north of the Grampiaune, thalt it was a land "Where Roman eagle never flow, And Gallia's lily never rrew, Nor Dranish lionr rallied." A rain tIhough pleasing boast-for this county of Caithness beers witness ta a Norwegian sway which e-tended over 400 years, in the names of its chief tons, in the ruins of fallen castles whichl looked out towards the honmes of the Norse pirates from the gloomy cliffs of the German Ocean, and in thire solitary stones which have been raised over the graves of their war riors. Tihe Sinclairs, too, who were simply Norsemen of the Noroian type, adopted the Norman fashion of coming in for thn lion's share, and, in following tihe wake of William thire Conqueror, became possessors of thie best part of the extreme north. We saw in the Chapel Royal at Ifolyrood Palace the tomb of Sir John Sinclair, a man of more useful life, perhaps, than any other of his race, and a man of true public spirit. He was especially a zealous pioneer in all improvements in agriculture, though he committed some mistakes, as a great philosopher and farmer of our own country has done. Obe of these was to put leatherr boors on his sheep for the prevention of rot; another to bring to the bleak moors of Caithness thie eggs of nightingales, thire callow birds of which flow off to the south as soon as they were strong enough. But Sir John Sinclair's energies were, on the whole, fruitfully expended in that endeavour which has been pronounced so salutary, of making two blades of grass grow where but one grow before, and a conspicuous monument in thre square at Thurso attests the estimation in which hie was held. Bleak as is this tire northernmost of Scotch conn. ties, it is not beyond the wheat line, and under a thorough tillage its fields yield abundant crops of hay and grain. Its principal proprietors here money to spend in London and Paris; its people give a liberal support to the institutions of religion, and lire above want. A hundred years ago there was neither waggon nor road in the county, and everything was carried in a kind of panniers upon the backs of horses. Within fifty years £100,000D have been expended in roads alone. But the rich herring fisheries of the east and west coasts (which lhasetwo seasons in the year) em ploy a fourth of its population, and send their salted treasures to London and up to the ports of the Baltic. The nets used from the port of Wick alone would stretch from John O'Oroat's to Land's End. Fire or six men make up tire crew of each boat, and thrirteen hundred heauts spread their sails as evening up proaches, and extend fan-like to the fishing-grounds. In the morning tihe signal to return is hoisted, and the night's harvest is committed to the women, who do all the work of packing. Their dexterity in this is sur prising, and, at the price of siapence a barrel, they often earn ten shillings a day. The moors themselves are not unfruitful. Their pent mines are more inexhaustible than any coal sines. Their purple heather goes to make the best of beef and mutton, and the grouse-shooting brings thousands of pounds to the purses of the lairds. The English say they pay a large price for tile privilege of bagging a little game on thie moors; but they say the health they gain is worth far more than the game they kill, and it is cheaper to go to the lairds than to the doctors. Certainly their prescription is the more agreeable. The inundation of sportsmen from the south will not begin before the 12th of August, and flows back again over the Scottish border by the 10th of December. We have just passed thlrough a Scotch Sabbath,and firmly believe that Moses would have been content with it, to its least particular. And it is spore respect able before God and men than thire bull-fighlting, horse. racing, drum-beating, and cafdi-lounging Sunday that furnishes so much recreation to the jaded people of thire Continent. The only wonder is that those nations which enjoy these sensible distractions don't beeomo stronger and better for them. But when our Scottish Sabbath came, it sealed up every door in silence, and .snatched in every errant sportive child across the threshold, as watchfully as if thie land was Egypt, and the day the dreadful day when the destroying angel was abroad. The only interruption to all this was when tie hour for public worship cosme, and then that general populace which in a French town can be soen at tile theatre was hero seen at the church. Every seat was filled, and the deep serious impress as of a hundred Sabbaths was upon the whole congregation. No man-made music was offering its attractions. No hymns even of man's framing were suang ; only words of certain men who spokde'as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. No trained singers charmed us. Thire grave precentor alone led these metrical devotions of the assembly. But Burns tells us thrat, compared with such melody as this-uand per hlaps it omy be so-" Italian trills are tame." Tire sermon was not a great one, but it was upon a subject suited to the place-Christ wounded for our trans gressions. The sight wasimpressive, becauseit showed a people that could be drawn togethler anud kept together by the simple preaching of the Gospel. We could nrot but regard this Scotch Sabbath and this Scotch Church service as a striking triumph of John Knox and of the Reformation he established. A French doctor has recently been mnking some curious experiments as to the elbct of alcohol on fowls. The birds took to dram-drinking with erident delight, and many an old cock consumed his bottle of wine a day, so that it became necessary to limit the allowaoee. They all lost flesh rapidly, more especially those which drank absinthe. Two months absinthe-drink ing was found suflicient to kill the strongest cock or lien. The fowls which indulged in brandy alone lasted, however, four months and a half; swhile tile winc-bibbers survived for ten mouths. Their crests also swelled to four times the original size, and became unnaturally red. The Pall Maoll Gazelle doubts whether a man is justified inl trying experiments withll the dumb creation with the view of ascertaining how far he may himself venture to get drunk with impunity; but ihavning proceeded that far, tie may as well go aI step further, ansd by the introduction of the tea-pot into tihe hen-house find out whethellr there is uanyr ground for suspicioos esterlained in some quarters as to the ielocent piroperties of tea. A few experiments in late hours might be nade withll advantage at the same time. A party ofcarefully-selected cocks and htes mighlt be allowed to mingle in the festivities of thle London season, returning to tlei. roosts at the Ihour when thley usually commence to cackle and crow,. t would jiossibly be found that one week of political reunions, concerts, balls, and crushes would be as disastrous in its eFects as two monaethe of absinthe drinking. Some very large prices were realised at a sale of shortthorns at Wenterlold, in Worcestershire. Amonget the figures were 500 guioneas for a calftwo months old, td0f guineasloracow,lG50 guineasfor abull; acalf nine days old fetchled 250 guinea. Sixty-one head of cattle realised £15,458, or, on an average, £253. The aver age at the recent Dunmore moe was £242. 