I.—THE NORTHERN TELEGRAPH. From the tenor of the telegrams received by the Government on Thursday we were led to expect further and fuller particu- lars from Mr. Knuckey in a short time. These particulars came to hand on Fri- day, and, through the courtesy of Mr. Cunningham, we are able to publish them, below. It is evident that the work is progressing in a very satisfactory manner. All the parties on the present gap are working well ; the weather is all that could be desired ; and the men are in good spirits. Dr. Renner was already on the ground, and whatever was required in the way of medical assistance would be supplied by that gentleman. Mr. Knuckey appears to have been sent on to establish the express service with as little delay as possible. On his down- ward journey, however, he learnt that the Government had wisely provided for this by purchasing Mr. Lewis's horses, and engaging his men, who were to be placed under the control of Mr. Boucaut. This news reached him at Central New- castle on June 7. On the 11th he met Messrs. Boucaut and Lewis about seven miles south of the Lawson. They would arrive at the Daly Waters on the 16th or 17th. On the 18th Mr. Knuckey was at Attack Creek, and on the 20th he reached Tennant's Creek, whence his telegrams were dispatched. It may be presumed that Messrs. Boucaut and Lewis's party, with the horses, were all well, and there would be no difficulty in establishing the express service without delay. Everything, there- fore, appears to indicate that we shall have a London telegram through by ex- press in a day or two. The various con- structing parties are all right. There is plenty of materials available for complet- ing the line, with the exception of poles, which are scarce between Harvey's camp and the North Newcastle—a distance of 115 miles. It is almost impossible for people here to realise the difficulties of the work now going on. A few weeks ago the country was a terra incognita ; everything in the shape of materials for the line (except poles), and food for the men, has to be conveyed from the Roper over a country where there are no roads ; even the most favorable route for the line has to be picked up by the gentlemen at the head of the expedition. Until this time, South Australia has not received full credit for the great work, and, we believe, it will only be after the history of the construction of the line is written, that the full magnitude of the work will be understood. We now give Mr. Knuckey's interesting telegram :— " Tennant's Creek, June 20, 1872. " To W. J. Cunningham, Esq. " I have the honor to report my arrival here to- day, accompanied by Mr. Bagot and one man, bearing instructions from Mr. Todd to proceed to Tennant's Creek, and try to establish express from that end, no horses being available for that service on the Northern sections. Mr. Johnston, operator, accompanied me to stay with the express party from this end. Left Elsie Creek on the 23rd. May, and arrived at Daly Waters on 29th. After making arrangements there, left on 1st June, and overtook Mr. Burton's party at Frew's Ironstone Ponds on the 2nd. Burton had just returned from exploring country ahead, and in- formed me that he did not consider it safe for so small a party as mine to travel through the country by Newcastle Waters on account of hostility of the natives. They had driven back Chawner, the hawker, and attacked Burton's party, six in number. He was going to shift on the morrow, so I concluded to travel with him until I had passed the Newcastle, and then push on again. Met Alfred Giles with four horse-teams on the 7th, at Central Newcastle, who informed me that Lewis had entered into agreement with the Government to run the express service, and that Mr. Boucaut, with men and all spare horses he could procure, were coming up behind him, and thus relieved me of the necessity of pushing on to establish this service. My only hope of doing so being in the assistance I could get in men and horses from the southern sections, I concluded to stay with Burton, and accompany his exploring party, who were going to try for a route on the east side of the Ashburton Range, so that I might take up the traverse where they left off,and close it with Mr. Harvey's work, it being of great importance that Mr. Harvey should know on what side of the range Burton was coming. Left the Lawson on the 11th, accompanied by Messrs. Burton, Ringwood, Bagot, Crowder, and two men ; Mr. King, being very ill, was unable to accompany us. Same day met Boucaut and Lewis about seven, miles south of the Lawson. They will arrive at Daly Waters on the 16th or 17th. They will establish a relay camp on the Lawson. I recommend that place ; not so many natives as the Newcastle. After a good deal of searching found a good pass through the Ashburton Range at Powell's Creek, and from thence a good route for the tele- graph line as far as the North Tomkin- son, where Mr. Burton left me and re- turned to his party, whom he had in- structed to come on to the Powell. I continued the traverse of the line to the South Tomkinson, where I met Mr. Harvey and his party. Remained there on the 16th, plotting up plan and giving Harvey information about route Burton is going to take, in order that Harvey would close with him. Left on the 17th. Met Dr. Renner and Messrs. Musgrave and Aldridge with sheep and bullocks on the 18th at Attack Creek. Heavy rain that day. Arrived at Tennant's Creek on the 20th. When I left, the situations of the northern parties were as follow :— Rutt was engaged filling in gap between No. 2 Well and Burton's Depot on the Birdum Creek. He had about 15 miles left to finish, when he would shift to the Daly Waters, and continue on line from where Burton left off. He will be there about the 20th. Mitchell was working south from Burton's depot to meet line that Burton had erected north of the Daly. He had about eight miles to finish, when be would shift his party to the North Newcastle Waters and work south to meet Burton. Burton's party are camped on Powell's Creek, from whence they will work to meet Harvey. Gap between the two about 55 miles. Communication ought to be established between Port Darwin and the Daly Waters by this time. Mitchell will be on his section at the end of this month. Gap at present between the two ends of the wire—Daly Waters and Tennant's Creek—about 245 miles, between poles 180 miles. Mr. Arthur Giles with ten teams horses laden with wire, insulators, pins, &c.;, by this time at Harvey's Camp. He has a strong wiring party with him from Bur- ton's section. Mr. Johnston, the operator, also accompanies him to keep at this end of the wire. They will commence wiring at the end of the poles, and wire on to Section E. Wire ought to be hung in a fortnight from this. Mr. A. Giles, with the four horse-teams brought from the Central Sections, was going to the Daly to fetch on more wires and insulators for this end. With the exception of about 25 tons, all wire re- quired was on the ground ; the remainder will be up from the Roper some time next month. Poles are very scarce between Harvey's present camp and the North Newcastle, about 115 miles. All line now at the rate of 10 poles to the mile. Found plenty of water on east side of Ashburton Ranges; some fine springs. Expect Barton and Harvey to join next month. Rutt and Mitchell's stock in bad condition ; Burton's fair. Both Mitchell and Rutt will have to get more teams in order to carry on work, but after next month transport teams will be available. Weather splendid, and rations plentiful on line. Several men in parties, Mitchell's especially, ill with fever, but recovering. " R. R. KNUCKEY." ————— HISTORICAL SKETCH. In the year 1869 the great work of connecting Australia with Europe, Asia, and America, by the electric wire first assumed important pro- minence. Of course, the idea of being brought into daily communication with the Old World had often been mooted before, and the opinion was general that, viewing the mar- vellous extension of the telegraphic system throughout the civilised countries of the world, the time could not be long delayed when this consummation would be achieved. In 1869, owing to the steps which were being taken to establish telegraphic communication between Europe and India, the project was formed of extending the line to Anstralia. This project was encouraged by the fact that our Queensland neighbors had been gradually carrying their lines northwards, and were within reach of Carpen taria, on the northern shores of Australia. As soon as the project was mooted, several schemes were started to carry it out, and two or three lines were proposed. There were three principal lines projected. The first was a land line from Adelaide westward to King George's Sound and Perth, and thence by cable to Ceylon via Keeling's inland. A second proposal was to extend the Queensland line from Cardwell to the Gulf of Carpentaria, Burketown, or Nor- manton, and thence construct a land line across our Northern Territory to Port Darwin, with a cable to East Jara direct or via Timor. A third suggestion was that the Queensland line should terminate at Normanton or Burke town, and then be carried on by cable to East Java, connecting Port Darwin as an inter- mediate station. In July, 1860, Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, reported upon these several proposals, and after ex- plaining and criticising the respective schemes, he strongly urged that the question of Anglo- Australian telegraphy should be remitted to an Intercolonial Conference, inasmuch as it was a work in which the colonies collectively were interested. In concluding his report he thus spoke of the very great importance of the work : —" I need hardly urge the vast impor- tance to these colonies of having telegraphic communication with the whole of the com- mercial world. Our trade demands it if we wish to make the best use of our natural pro- ducts in shipping them at the right time and to the best markets ; and now that, encouraged by the success which has attended similar en- terprises elsewhere, English Companies of ex- perience in the work are willing to provide the necessary capital and undertake all the risk on our simply guaranteeing a few thousand pounds a year—a mere nominal sum when divided amongst the colonies—to be paid only during the good behaviour of the cable, and which, with the increasing traffic to be expected, will not be required for long, it would be a grave reflection were the accomplishment of so great and necessary a national undertaking permitted to be delayed by hesitation or divided councils on our part, especially since the rapidly im- proving electric communication between Eng- land and the East no longer affords any reasonable excuse for doubt or apathy." Later in the year Mr. Todd reported again on other proposal, although the projects referred substantially to the three lines already men- tioned. On this occasion Mr. Todd favored the Western scheme —the scheme for a line from Adelaide to Western Australia, and thence by cable direct to Ceylon ; but suggested a line from Port Angusta to Port Darwin, thence running through the East Indies to India and Europe. This project, however, did not at the time seem to enlist much favor ; but on 29th March, in reply to a communication from Capt. Sherard Osborn, R.N., on the subject of the construction of a telegraph between Port Darwin and Burke Town, the Under Secretary expressed the preference which the Government would have for the construction of a line from Port Darwin to Port Augusta—either a line to be constructed upon the guarantee system, or a line to be constructed and worked by the Government ; and intimated the willingness of the Ministry to submit to the legislature a measure to autho- rise the Government to enter into an arrange- ment for such a line. In the following month Commander Noel Osborn, R.N., who was in the colony, was informed by the Chief Secretary that the Government, after further considera- tion, purposed on the reassembling of Parlia- liament to submit such a measure as had been indicated. " The Government trust," said the letter, " that the action now proposed will induce the British-Australian Telegraph Com- pany to adhere to their decision to terminate the cable at Port Darwin, as they believe the greatest advantage will thereby be secured to the Australian colonies and to the projectors of the undertaking." Mr. Todd warmly sup- ported the project, urging the importance there was that communication with Europe should not be dependent on a single line, but that a sepa- rate telegraph in addition to the Queensland line should be constructed. He estimated the cost at about £80 per mile, or about £120,000 in all, his estimate for maintenance being £8,000 per annum. In concluding his report on this occasion Mr. Todd said—" In conclusion, I would observe that it is next to impossible for more favourable terms to be offered to us ; and if we fail to accept them we must be prepared to leave to Queensland the exclusive honor of having, through her own unaided enterprise and energy, afforded to the Australian colonies the immense advantages of telegraphic communica- tion with the whole civilised world. Our geo- graphical position and our intelligence alike prohibit this." The enthusiasm with which Mr. Todd took up this question communicated itself to the colonists generally, who evinced a lively interest in the project, and who seemed deter- mined to snatch from Queensland the laurels which she had been sanguine of holding un- challenged. In reply to enquiries by Com- mander Osborn, the Under Secretary again com- municated with him on 23rd April to the fol- lowing effect :—" In reply to your enquiries, having reference to my letter of this date, I am instructed by the Chief Secretary to inform you that if the Government construct a line of telegraph from Port Augusts to Port Darwin, they will work such line as a part of the general telegraphic system of this province, arranging, if necessary, with the British-Australian Com- pany for the transmission of all cable messages. I am further to state that if the sanction of Parliament for the construction of the line be obtained, the government will com- mence the work immediately on receiving a satisfactory assurance that your cable will be landed at Port Darwin, and in that case will have such line open for traffic by 1st January, 1872." Commander Osborn com- municated the proposals to the Directors of the British-Australian Telegraph Company, and on the 4th June he received a telegram from Cap- tain Sherard Osborn, and immediately informed the Government that the cable would be landed at Port Darwin if the South Australian Govern- ment would pledge themselves to have a land line open for traffic by the 1st January, 1872, connecting that port with the present system of colonial telegraphs. " I must beg to repre- sent." wrote Commander Osbom, " that, to carry out the proposed scheme by the above mentioned date, no time should be lost. If the work is commenced at once, it will be only by the most strenuous exertions that the enter- prise can be accomplished within the given time ; and a delay of a few weeks at the pre- sent moment, when we have such favourable news from the North, would probably necessi- tate the postponement of the undertaking for a whole season.'' No time was lost, for on the next meeting day of Parliament, viz.. 7th June, 1870, the Treasurer (Mr. Hart) moved resolutions affirming the expediency of constructing a direct line of telegraph to connect the colony with the pro- posed line from Europe, via Port Darwin, and the expediency of securing the co-operation of Victoria, New South Wales, and Tasmania in constructing and working the line. With this latter object in view, he farther proposed that the delegates to be sent to an Inter-colonial Con- ference in Melbourne, which was then pending, should be empowered to agree to a site central and convenient for all contracting parties but should the other colonies decline to co-operate, that then a telegraph from Port Augusta to Port Darwin should be constructed at the sole ex- pense of South Australia. On the motion of Mr. John Lindsay, the first motion was amended to the following effect :—" That it is expedient that a direct line of telegraph should be con- structed to connect this colony with the pro- posed line from Europe, via Port Darwin and Port Augusta, and that an address be pre- sented to the Governor, praying that His Ex- cellency will recommend this House to talks the necessary steps for carrying out the same." The third paragraph was expunged, as the carry- ing of it would have involved delay, and there was necessity for immediate action being taken for the prosecution of the work. Next day the Standing Orders were suspended, and leave given to the Treasurer, upon an im- promptu motion, to bring in a Bill, in terms of the resolution carried on the previous day. On 9th June, the Bill was laid on the table, and read a first time ; on the 10th June it was read a second time by a majority of 23 to 9, and the Standing Orders having been suspended, the Bill was passed through all its remaining stages ; and on 14th June it was also carried through all its stages in the Legislative Council, the Governor giving his assent two days after- wards. The Parliament showed great interest in the enterprise, as may be judged from the expedition with which the Bill was passed into law and the colony formally committed to carry out this great work. On the 27th June the Superintendent of Telegraphs (Mr. Todd) called for tenders for the southern and northern portions of the pro- posed line. It may here be stated that the whole length of the line was estimated at about 1,700 or 1,800 miles. The southern por- tion extended from Port Augusta 600 miles northwards; the northern portion from Port Darwin 600 miles southwards. The portion lying between these two sections—about 600 miles — was undertaken by the Govern- ment, it being thought that as this was a terra incognita no fair basis of calculation for tenders could be supplied. The localities of the southern and northern portions of the line were thus described by Mr. Todd in his call for tenders :— " Southern Portion.—Section A—From Port Augusta, to Mount Kingston, 400 miles. Sec- tion B—From Mount Kingston for 400 miles north, on Stuart's track, or to the east, between the 134° and 136° meridians, should better country be found. Section C—From north end of Section B for about 180 to 200 miles north. " Northern Portion.—Section a—From Port Darwin to the River Roper, near the Strang- ways, to be taken as 250 miles. Section b— From the Roper 250 miles nearly due south to say lat. 18° and a little east or west of 134° east long. Section c— From the south end of Sec- tion b to the north end of Section C, about 180 to 200 miles." On 4th July six tenders were received, and on the 9th July the Government resolved on accepting Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood's tender for the northern section for £37,250, and Mr. J. Rounsevell's, for the southern section, for £67,000. Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood signed their contract on 20th July, and on 21st July Mr. Rounsevell having failed to sign his con- tract, the Government determined to carry out the southern portion themselves. Subsequently, however, they called for tenders for that section, and the offer of Mr. E. M. Bagot was accepted. On 20th August, 1870, Messrs. Dar- went & Dalwood's party left Adelaide for Port Darwin, and on 5th September the main body of the Government men left Adelaide for the interior, via Port Augusta. Mr. Bagot also soon had men and material on his portion of the work. On 15th September the first pole was planted at Port Darwin, and on the 1st October the first pole was reared by Mr. Bagot's party at Port Augusta. The Govern- ment parties pushed into the interior with great pluck and perseverance, and the men worked bravely and well to secure the honours attaching to the completion of this great work. On 6th February a telegram was received via Queens- land from Mr. MacLachlan, reporting that on 8th November the telegraph had been laid 90 miles inland from Port Darwin. The June mail brought out the agreement made between the Agent-General (on behalf of the colony) and the British and Australian Telegraph Company. The main conditions of the agreement were that the Government should, on or before the 31st day December, 1871, construct and open for traffic the land line between Port Darwin and Port Augusta, and provide the necessary staff, buildings, &c;, for working it ; and that the Company should, by the same date, lay down and open for traffic the submarine line. Alter- natives were given to the Company that if the land line should not be completed within the specified time they could either determine the contract on a year's notice, take possession of the incomplete line and finish it at the cost of the Government, or carry a line across the Northern Territory to connect their cable with the Queensland telegraphs. Similar conditions were also imposed with regard to the non-com- pletion of the submarine line. The agreement received the signature of His Excellency the Governor, and was forwarded home by the re- turn mail. The telegraph appeared to be proceeding satisfactorily till 8th July, when great excitement was caused by the unexpected return of the schooner Gulnare, having on board Mr. McMinn, the Government Overseer on Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood's section, Mr. Paqualin, the contractors' agent, and many of the telegraph constructors. It soon transpired that Mr. McMinn had, in the exercise of the powers given to him, determined the contract with Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood, in conse- quence, as he explained, " of their inability to proceed with their contract beyond the 3rd May, on account of inefficient means, and with no prospect of the arrival of adequate reinforce- ments in order to fulfil the contract by the stipulated time." Mr. McMinn, leaving Mr. Barton in charge, came to Adelaide to report to the Government the important step he had thought proper to take. Of course the news of this serious mishap caused great regret and dis- appointment in the colony, but the Govern- ment and Mr. Todd acted with great promp- titude in sending reinforcements to complete the line. The Treasurer (Mr. Hart) proceeded to Melbourne to charter vessels ; Mr. R. D. Ross was commissioned to proceed to Sydney and Brisbane to select stock for Port Darwin; and Mr. R. C. Patterson (Assistant-Engineer) was appointed to take command of the expe- dition. On 27th July Mr. Patterson, Mr. Butt, and a party of 80 men left for Melbourne, where they shipped on board the steamer Omeo, and started for Port Darwin. The Omeo arrived at Port Darwin on 24th August, and was followed on 6th Septem- ber by the ship Antipodes, and on 12th Sep- tember by the Golden Fleece and Himalaya— the total stock brought by these vessels being 387 bullocks and 164 horses. As a stimulus to the energetic prosecution of the work the Go- vernment offered a liberal bonus to Mr. Pat- terson, and hopes were entertained that no long delay would take place in the opening of the line, although, after the break down in May, it was feared that the line could hardly be finished within the stipulated time. The steamers Endeavor and Investigator, having the Company's cable on board, arrived at Port Darwin in October, and the work of paying out the cable was at once commenced. The cable was successfully laid, and was found to work well. On 20th November, 1871, the first message between Australia and Europe was flashed along the wires. The information of this interesting event was conveyed in a telegram from Captain Alpin, Bengal Range, Java, to Mr. Douglas, Government Resident at Port Darwin, and forwarded by that gentleman to Adelaide, via Queensland. The following are the words of the message :—" I have the honour to announce to you, in the name of the Telegraphic Con- struction and Maintenance Company, that we yesterday completed perfect submarine cable communication with your colonies, and with Java, the mother- country and the Western World. May it long speak words of peace, and reiterate ' Advance, Australia !' " To this mes- sage the Government Resident replied in suit- able terms. The November mail, however, brought intelligence of another reverse, which foiled all our plans for the completion of the telegraph by the end of the year. Intelli- gence was received by telegram from Mr. Patterson that he had lost a large proportion of his transport, and that immediate reinforce- ments were required. Thereupon it was ar- ranged that Mr. Todd should proceed by steamer to the Northern Territory to personally super- intend the works, taking with him reinforcements of men and stock. The Omeo was chartered, and sailed on 4th January with Mr. Todd and a small party, also a few private passengers, and a cargo or stock and stores. On the 30th January further reinforcements were sent by the steamer Tararna, including a small staff of men and 77 horses, with stores, &c.; Mean- while communication was opened up northwards from Port Augusta as the telegraph operators proceeded along the line. On 3rd January a telegram was received from Alice Springs, dis- tant 900 miles from Port Augusta. On the 13th January another telegram announced that the line was in working order for 113 miles beyond Alice Springs. During February the wire was interrupted in consequence of unpre- cedentedly high floods, which injured the line, but in March communication was restored and opened up between Tennant's Creek and Ade laide—a distance of nearly 1,403 miles from the city. On 15th May intelligence was received via Tennant's Creek from Mr. Patterson, who was at Daly Waters—about 260 miles north of Tennant's Creek. The intelligence was brought by Mr. J. F. Roberts, who had been sent on towards the Roper with dispatches for Mr. Todd, who, however, had gone to Port Darwin to superintend arrangements there. Mr. Pat- terson gave return dispatches to Mr. Roberts, who, on reaching Tennant's Greek, forwarded a telegram to Adelaide. Mr. Patterson reported very serious delays in the progress of the work, in consequence of the flooded state of the country, which had made it impossible to pro- ceed with the construction of the telegraph. Serious mortality amongst the horses was re- ported, and sickness had broken out amongst the men, two of whom had died. From the in- formation received, it appeared that the tele- graph was in working order for a distance of 225 miles southwards from Port Darwin. Be- tween this point and the portion of the line extended from Port Augusta a gap of about 300 miles intervened. Every effort was being made to reduce this gap as much as possible, but a fear was expressed that a horse express could not be established earlier than August, unless so large a portion of the horses and men were withdrawn for the estafette service as would endanger the completion of the telegraph line before another wet season set in. Immediately on hearing this information, the Government communicated with a private stockholder, Mr. Lewis, who was travelling with horses and stock en route to Port Essington, and the negotiations resulted in the employment of Mr. Lewis and his men and 25 horses to assist in the establish- ment of the estafette before the time predicted by Mr. Patterson. On June 4 Mr. Ray Boucaut, in charge of Mr. Lewis's stud and party, left Tennant's Creek for Daly Waters, expecting to be back at the Creek about June 22. Al- though the line itself is not completed, we are glad to be able to announce the fact that the Australian colonies are now within a few days, communication with Europe, Asia, and Ame- rica. The gap is a little over 200 miles ; diminishing daily, as there are four good parties working at it on different points, the whole of the wiring being in admirable working order, and the men in good spirits. The Go- vernment announce in the papers that they are this day prepared to receive messages, so that to-night, or to- morrow morning, the welcome and long-looked-for intelligence will be on its way to all parts of the globe. This anticipation of wire communication throughout the whole distance may possibly take off a little of the eclat that wonld have attended the transmission of the very first message by wire along an un- broken line, but it has been deemed best to merge the sensational in the practical. We hope soon to be able to make the announce- ment that we are in daily telegraphic communi- cation with all parts of the globe. ————— FIRST EUROPEAN NEWS VIA PORT DARWIN. We are in receipt of a telegram from Mr. Charles Todd, in reference to the progress of the Overland Telegraph line. This message is a very encouraging one ; in fact, we may say that Mr. Todd need not tell us anything more about the line at all, but simply confine himself to the transmission of news from the other hemisphere. Although " the gap" is not yet actually closed, it is virtually ; and in a month from the present time we expect the whole of the construction parties will, be withdrawn, having accomplished their great work. Doubtless improvements will have to be effected. White ants have no respect for contractors, and little sym- pathy with Governments ; but South Australians are not the men to succumb to white ants ; and if the insects eat wooden poles, we shall put up others that they cannot eat. We have committed ourselves to the completion of this line, and—let it cost what it may—we will com- plete it. At the present moment, we are only a very few days separated from London, and in another month there will be no severance at all, so far as South Australian territory is concerned. The British Cable Company have not behaved well to us. Although they are quite aware of the strenuous efforts we have made to complete our overland line by the 31st December, 1871; although they are thoroughly aware of the terrific floods that prevented our parties pro- ceeding with their work as intended ; they have taken a mean, mercenary, and paltry advantage of our inability to con- quer nature, and have (it is said) decided to lay down a cable from Port Darwin to Normanton. It may or may not be true; however, let them do it. We have been standing at the rate of £70 per day fine, since January 1st— which already reaches nearly £13,000, every penny of which they will lose, and we shall gain, if they lay down their competing cable. They cannot have us both ways. If they exact the penalty, they cannot lay down the rival cable; if they lay down the cable, they cannot exact the penalty. For our own sakes we say —by all means let them lay down their competing line ; and much good may it do them. No doubt the Go- vernment are in possession of full in- formation from the Agent-General ; but we cannot imagine that this informa- tion can be in the slightest degree unfavorable to South Australia. We have put forth our utmost efforts—regard- less of pecuniary sacrifice—to bring our contract to completion ; and if the " Cable Company " choose to turn '' rusty," we hope they will see no cause to repent it. But their repentance is already begin- ning. The communication between Port Darwin and Java is interrupted ! Several days have been lost ; and still—the Sub- marine Cable will not work. So Mr. Todd informs us. There are troubles by sea, as well as by land ; and it is a singular coincidence that the very day which brings us the intelligence that the Cable Company are indignant with us for not completing our tre- mendous contract to the very day and hour, brings us also the intelligence that they have themselves broken down, and cannot give as the European news, although our arrangements are complete at Port Darwin for communicating it at once to Adelaide ! We dare say things will get right by and bye ; and that Lord Monck, Mr. Earle, and Mr. Lyons will before long come to understand that there are two parties to every bargain, and that "most haste" is not always " best speed." ————— OFFICIAL TELEGRAM. [From Mr. Todd to the Chief Secretary.] Tennant's Creek, July 1,1872, 7.30 p.m. Daly Waters, June 26.—Arrived at Daly Waters afternoon 22nd, having finally left Roper on the 13th. Should have got here week sooner, but when 25 miles out was overtaken by messenger from landing, reporting arrival of the schooner Lucy with mail and cargo for the Overland Telegraph, which caused me to go back. The spirits sent will be most useful, and having sickness amongst the men, was glad to be able to pur- chase vegetables and other useful sup- plies of which we were in want. She unfortunately brought no slop goods, which are much needed. The road from Roper here is very good, but surface, water will soon be scarce for teams. This is a far better road than from Port Dar win, and to this point 200 miles shorter, showing the saving that would have been effected had Roper been used as I wished. Mr. Boucaut arrived here on 15th, with message from Mr. Cunningham and important official dispatches. The present state the work is now in is approximately as follows: — Line completed and opened from Port Darwin to fifteen miles south Daly waters, and wire will be run up as quickly as poles are planted—an operator being kept at end of wire to render all additional wire avail- able for future communication. From the Port Augusta side communication at pre- sent extends to Tennant's Greek, and Harvey has poled 70 miles further north. Burton, who has the section immediately north of Harvey, is now on his work, and has 54 miles of wire for Harvey, which, with what is already at Tennant's Creek, will extend the communication 60 miles north of that point. The four teams detached from Harvey's party left the Daly Waters on the 21st with 30 miles of wire, and should reach destination in about three weeks, when wire can be imme- diately extended 100 miles north of Ten nant's Creek. On the existing gap we have four large construction parties, under Messrs. Harvey, Burton, Mitchell, and Butt. The three last are provisioned up to end of October, and sufficient wire, &c.;, to close the line is now south, or at the Daly Waters. We have nothing more to bring up from the Roper but rations, to enable the men to return, and maintain a small party erecting the sta- tions, which cannot be completed till after the wet season. It is doubted whether the stores or building materials for the stations can be carted this season, as we require all the available teams for line construction. Mr. Rutt, who has 50 or 60 miles of line south of the Daly, is expected to complete his section in August, and will then return along the line, and sink two or three wells on the dry country in the bed of the Burdum, between the Daly Waters and the Warlock Ponds, on the Elsie, required for the further maintenance of the line and to secure a safe retreat for the whole party, as the waterholes on the Strangways will not last. It is probable that the whole of the construction parties will be with- drawn by the end of September, except such as are required to build the stations ; but of course some time before that I hope to secure through wire communica- tion. I see no difficulty in immediate establishment of weekly estafette. The principal difficulty hitherto was the want of horses, which the action of the Government in hiring Mr. Lewis's has entirely obviated. Mr. Boucaut has established four intermediate relay camps, which will, I think, be sufficient. All, officers and men, are animated with but one idea—that of carrying on the work to a successful and speedy completion. On hearing of the arrival of Mr. Boucaut the British-Australian Telegraph Com- pany appear to have considered the express service virtually established ; and immediately after I reached here several private messages were received. These, although irregular, as the line has not been formally opened, I have deemed it advisable to forward by the hands of Mr. Boncaut. I advised the Agent- General, immediately on my arrival, of the state of the work, and requested him to send a full news message, which, by express just starting, could reach Adelaide in about five or six days after London. Unfortunately an interruption occurred in the Port Darwin and Java cable yesterday, and although I have detained Mr. Boucaut up to this time (morning of the 26th) the communi- cation has not been restored. The fol- lowing news is, however, of sufficient importance to justify my forwarding it for the information of the Government. It is extracted from Java papers dated June 8 and 14, and may not have reached Adelaide. England and America have nearly been declaring war. The oppose- tion given by America in the settlement of the Alabama question was so unsatis- factory that England said she would wash her hands of the whole matter. America then spoke about war, but England said she was prepared for that also. Later, dated June 14— The Lords warmly debated Earl Russell's motion to suspend arbitration till the claims were withdrawn. Lord Derby and others supported Earl Russell, and the Earl of Ripon accused the Conservatives of unpatriotic attitude. America has proposed a winter Commission to ar- range a treaty for defining the rights of neutrals. General Grant has been re- elected (qy. renominated) President, and there are at present difficulties existing against the formal withdrawal of claims, but it has been decided not to urge them at present. Several speakers in the House of Commons persisted in at once having this ques- tion settled one way or the other. Should any important intelligence ar- rive on communication being restored, I will endeavour to forward it by extra express. The Company's Manager at Port Darwin cannot explain cause of interrupt- tion. I intend to leave here on 27th, and expect to reach Tennant's Creek about middle of July. ——— ALTERNATIVE LINE In the House of Assembly, the Treasurer, in reply to a question, said the Government had not received by the last mail any direct com- munication from the Company mentioned by the hon. member, but the Government had received from Mr. Knevett, who acted for that Company in Adelaide, a copy of the following telegram, which had been sent by Lord Monck, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of that Company, to the Chief Secretary of Queens- land :—" On application of Agent-General, British-Australian Company intends to lay cable immediately between Norman River and Port Darwin." The Government had no direct communication from the Cable Company of their intention to do this work ; neither had they any intimation from the Agent-General (Mr. Duttoo) that such was the intention of the Com- pany, and from the latter circumstance he in- ferred that the Company had no more informed Mr. Dutton than they had informed the Go- vernment. They simply had the information through the hands of Mr. Kaevett, of the Telegraph Office, who had received a telegram from Lord Monet As this matter was exciting a very great deal of interest, and very naturally so—(cheers) —perhaps the House would indulge him for a few moments while he made some re- marks on the matter in further answering the question of the hon. member. Hon. members were aware that there was a certain contract or agreement between the Government and the British-Australian Telegraph Company. That contract would be found in the Blue-Book for 1871, vol. 2, Paper 26, and he alluded to the l2th article of the contract, which read thus :— " If the land line is not complete and open for traffic on the 31st day of December, 1871, or if, having been completed and open for traffic, the traffic over any part thereof is at any time hereafter interrupted during thirty five consecutive days, or during different por- tions, amounting in the aggregate to seventy days of any consecutive three hundred and sixty-five days, the Company may at any time thereafter lay down and complete, and thence forth maintain and use a line of telegraphic communication between their cable at Port Darwin and Bourketown, in the province of Queensland, or between their cable at Port Darwin and any point on the northern coast of the province of South Australia, with suitable stations, buildings, and works by such route, whether wholly overland or wholly in the sea, or partly overland and partly in the sea, as the Company shall in their absolute discretion select as the best route for a direct telegraphic communication between Port Darwin and Burketown, or such other point on the northern coast of the Province of South Australia ; or may land a cable at Port Darwin, connecting that place with any other part of Australia ; and, if they think fit, may abandon any station they may have selected under the authority contained in the first article of this agreement for the land end of their cable in or near Port Darwin, and surrender the land taken for the same to the Government, and select and take, and retain and use another station for landing their cable in or near Port Darwin, and for the offices and works in connection therewith, and may take, use, and for ever retain such land within the province of South Australia as they may reasonably require for any of the purposes aforesaid, but so that all the provisions here in before contained with respect to land to be taken by the Company for the purposes of their station at or near Port Darwin shall extend to the land to be taken by them under this article. Provided always that should any sauh telegraphic line as mentioned in this article be constructed and worked by the Company, the Company will transmit messages for the Government on as favourable terms with regard to fees, rates, or dues, and with regard to promptitude and regu- larity of transmission, as shall be applicable to any other Government or private messages." This was a very important clause. It was a penal clause in its bearings on this colony, be- cause it enabled the Cable Company to take the work out of our hands, if we did not bring it to a completion by the end of December, 1871 ; but whilst it gave that power, they were bound to supply us with all messages we might need, on as favourable terms as to their other cus- tomers, and with the same promptitude and regularity. It became evident shortly after the contract was entered into, that the line would not be completed by 31st December, and on 24th November, 1871, Lord Monck addressed a letter to the Agent-General, in which he said : — " My Board has no desire to avail themselves of Article 12, but something must be done to justify the action of the Board to the share- holders, and I have to suggest, as the land line is not likely to be completed for some time after 1st January, that your Government should be prepared to guarantee my Company the same rate of interest from 1st January next (1872), that they are receiving from the Construction Company, viz, 5 per cent, on the capital, credit being given for all receipts the interest to continue till the land lines are completed." That proposal was made by Lord Monck in November, 1871, when he saw that there was no probability of the land line being completed by the end of the year. Lord Monck added— " On such an arrangement as this my Board are prepared to give up any rights they have under article 12 of the agreement with respect to the present matter." The Government then put the Agent-General in a position to close that arrangement with the Company. In the mean- time. on 25th January, 1872, before the des- patches of the Government reached the Agent- General, but whilst they were on their way to him. Mr. Lyons addressed the following letter to Mr. Dutton :— " British-Australian Telegraph Company (Limited), " 66, Old Broad-street, London, E.C., "25th January, 1872. " Francis S. Dutton, Esq., Agent-General for South Australia, 37, Great George-street, Westminster. Dear Sir—l am authorised by my Board to inform you that— " If the Government of South Australia will agree to guarantee interest upon the full capital of his Company, at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, commencing from the date at which the Telegraph Construction Company cease to pay interest under the terms of their contract until the opening of the whole of the line from Singapore to Adelaide for traffic. '' And if the Government will farther agree that, in the event of any interruption taking place in the transmission of messages over their land line for any period exceeding seven days at any one time, they will pay interest to the Company at the rate of five per cent. per annum upon the full capital of the Company, commencing from the date of such interruption until the same shall be completely removed, " Then the British Australian Company will modify article 12 of their agreement with the Government in the following manner : — " Firstly—They will waive the breach which has been already made, owing to the land lines not being completed and open for traffic on the 31st December, 1871. " Secondly—They will substitute for 35 con- secutive days, in the remainder of article 12 of the agreement, the period of three calendar months. " Thirdly—They will strike out of article 12 the following words : — 'or during different portions amounting in the aggregate to 70 days of any consecutive 365 days, " I remain, &c.;, " George Lyons " The Government, after very careful considera- tion, thought that that was not such a good bargain as the one contained in Lord Monck's dispatch of 24th November. If normally, he would go into minute details and demonstrate that point, but he would not on that occasion go into minute details. The Government, how ever, floundered then, and they considered now, that this proposal was not so eligible as that made by Lord Monck, and consequently, on the first opportunity after receiving this letter from Mr. Lyons, the Government sent a, telegram to the Agent-General to the following effect :— " The Government having already agreed to accept the British Telegraph Company's pro- position, made by Lord Monck on 24th Novem- ber last, and furnished you with ample powers to effect the same, determine to adhere thereto." On 18th April—he thought it was—Mr. Dutton received the telegram, and communicated it at once to Mr. Lyons. A day or two after he received a note from Mr. Lyons, in which he said—" Are you empowered to carry out the terms contained in my letter of January 23. embodying the resolutions of the Board as well as the terms contained in Lord Monck's letter of November 24 ?" To that Mr. Dutton replied next day (April 19)—" The copy of the tele- gram I sent you yesterday, as well as the com- mission sent me under the seal of the colony, is expressly confined to Lord Monck's proposal of 24th November, 1871." Now, at the departure from England of the English mail. Mr. Lyons was still in treaty with Mr. Dutton on the basis of Lord Monck's proposal, although desirous of incorporating with that his proposal made in January. On the 6th May the Secretary of the Company (Mr. Lyons) asked Mr. Dutton if the South Australian Go- vernment will guarantee interest, payable " to our shareholders after payment of all expenses of offices, stations, &c.;, in accordance with the terms of Lord Monck's letter of 24th November, leaving for the present the further details of the resolutions contained in my letter of 26th January." In that letter there was no allusion to offices or stations, nor did it mention the word " shareholders." Lord Monck simply asked for a guarantee of 5 per cent on the capital of the Company. Then Mr. Dutton pointed out that he did not understand what he meant by " payment of expenses, offices, stations, be," no such words occurring in Lord Monck's letter. This brought the communications down to the point at which the mail left England, and he could add nothing to that. They were looking forward with great interest to the next mail, and with great anxiety to any telegraphic advices which might be received on the subject. He did not want to make any remarks calculated to excite feel- ing against the Company, but at the same time he did think that the Company, knowing that we had agreed, and had over and over again instructed the Agent-General to comply to the fullest extent with Lord Monck's pro- posal, should not have accepted another arrangement, or at all events they should have communicated direct with this Government, and have told us that they were going to lay a cable to another colony. It might be after all that they were not going to lay down another cable ; and certainly, looking at the present price of materials, they could hardly hare selected a worse time in which to do it. He did not pre- tend to give a legal opinion, but so far as he could see he did not think, if the Cable Com- pany availed themselves of the alternative of laying another cable, they could also claim the penalty which otherwise they could demand from us. (Cheers.) There were two alterna- tives—one was, if the line was not completed, to inflict a penalty equivalent to 5 per cent. interest on the capital ; or if they did not take it in that way, they could complete the work themselves, either overland or by sea cable. They could not do both, however. If they laid down a cable to Queensland, they could not claim from them a forfeiture of 5 per cent. on their capital, which had been lying idle since 1st January. He had now stated all the Govern- ment knew upon the subject, and he thought hon. members would see that no stone had been left unturned in the negotiations made, not only by this Government, but also by their predecessors, with the Agent-General, in order to come to a clear and distinct understanding with the Cable Company. (Hear, hear.) ——— CONTEMPORARY OPINIONS. The receipt of the first European news by telegraph has elicited congratulations from the press of the sister colony, Victoria, which has borne generous testimony to the enterprise with which South Australia has undertaken and car- ried thus far the grand work of uniting Europe and Australia by telegraph. The Argus thus writes :—While the work of laying the cable to the northern part of the continent has been in progress, energetic mea- sures have been made to carry out an extension of the land lines so as to meet it there. At an early stage in the project of completing means of telegraphic communication between England and Australia, the colony of South Australia, with a sudden exhibition of unsuspected enter- prise, undertook the task single-handed. The English Company which was formed to con- struct the connecting cable sent out an agent. Commander Osborn, who in April, 1870, landed in Adelaide, and very soon after it was an- nounced that a provisional scheme had been entered into with the South Australian Government, by force of which the Government bound itself to construct a land line from Port Augusta at the south of the continent to Port Darwin at the north. The line is about 1,890 miles in length, and South Australia undertook to finish it by the end of 1871. The work thus undertaken was by no means an easy one. Considered with reference to the resources of the colony which was to perform it, the task may be regarded as an enormous one. It was to construct a line of telegraph, to survey the route, erect the posts, build the stations, and stretch the wire across what the Times recently called 'the mysterious interior of the Aus- tralian continent.' That route, which was not many years back traversed through terra incognita by the heroic efforts of the brave McDouall Stuart, was now to be travelled by construction parties with their flocks, their mobs of cattle, their pack-horses, their long strings of bullock-drays, carrying the bustle and noise of constructive civilisation into the heart of that silent desert. There is probably no instance where the erection of a long line of telegraph followed so closely on the heels of the first explorers as in this case. Cer- tainly none on anything like so extensive a scale. The difficulties in the way are so obvious as scarcely to require notice. There was the long distance of conveyance of stores and materials, the scarcity of timber over large areas, the defi- ciency of water, and the liability to terrific droughts alternating with most limitless inun- dations. The obstacles might have cheeked the enterprise of a colony possessed of far greater means than those commanded by South Aus- tralia. On the other hand, the colony had a very strong reason for undertaking the work for other than telegraphic objects. It owned an enormous territory of almost unknown extent and of undeveloped resources. It was wisely judged not only that the wire would be invaluable as a means of communication, binding together the most remote points on its route and the young settlement at its northern extremity with the inhabited region of the south, but also that the work of constructing would itself go far towards opening a highway through the middle of the vast area. But although all there considerations formed addi- tional reasons in favor of the project, they did not tend to reduce the difficulty in the way of executing it, or to lighten the draft upon the resources of the colony which took it in hand." The Ballarat Courier says :— " Yesterday witnessed what may be regarded as one of the most important incidents which have yet occurred in the history of this group of colo- nies. For the first time their inhabitant re- ceived ' news from home,' not by ship or steamer, but by electric telegraph. Flashed in a few hours from England to Daly Waters, horse expresses brought on that telegrams to Tennant's Creek—a distance of 180 miles—and from thence the wire sent these messages through to Adelaide. A few moments more, and the news was spread over nearly every settled Australian district within the reach of telegraphic communication. There is no parallel for length of wire to this in any other part of the globe. Nor, perhaps, has a, more plucky work been carried out of late by any community, much less by a colony peopled by as few souls as that of South Aus- tralia. The Trans-Pacific Railway, the Mont Cenis Tunnel, and the Suez Canal, are great undertakings ; but millions of people assisted to carry out those great works, where compara- tively only units have opened up telegraphic communication between these colonies and the old world. To the energy of the South Austra- lians we are mainly indebted for the late news we received yesterday from England ; and it is impossible not to admire the pluck with which they have surmounted all difficulties, physical as well as financial, to attain this end. One hundred and eighty miles yet remain to be wired before the line will be completed, but this is a gap which a few weeks will doubtless see overcome. Practically, through communi- cation is opened up now. since what remains to be done is a mere matter of detail in what otherwise must be regarded as one of the greatest and most comprehensive undertakings these colonies have achieved since the foot of white man first trod upon Australian soil." After epitomising the historical sketch of the Port Darwin Telegraph, which was recently published in the South Australian Advertiser, the Courier concludes thus:— " Such is a brief sketch of the history of a work which yesterday, for the first time, placed us in telegraphic communication with the mother country. No doubt a, number of in- teresting incidents, as Mr. Todd says, have yet to be written ; but, generally, the above will give a tolerably faithful idea of the circum- stances under which the work was commenced and carried onward to completion. Not with- standing the pluck they have exhibited, however, there are already hostile schemes in the air, tending to show that the South Australians are not to have a monopoly of overland communication with the mother-country for any length of time. Even the Submarine Company threatens to throw them overboard. But whether the fruits of their enterprise are eventually plucked by other colonies, or they are left masters of the situation, no one can refuse to them a full measure of praise for the energy, pluck, and determination they have shown in being the first to open up direct communication with Port Darwin. The honor and credit of that work must at all events remain with them, whatever else may follow." ———♦——— II.—THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. THE TRANS-AUSTRALIAN RAILWAY. After considerable delay the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Trans-Continental Railway Bill was re- sumed on Wednesday. Only three speeches were delivered, and they were all against the measure. The speakers were Messrs. Hart, Townsend, and Carr, tad it is but simple justice to these gen tlemen to say that their speeches were characterised by marked ability. The objections to the passing of the measure at the present time were put forward very forcibly by each of the speakers, who had evidently prepared themselves very care fully for the discussion of the question, and the promoters of the scheme will no doubt see the necessity for answering the strongest arguments which they brought against the scheme. We do not say that these arguments are unanswer able ; but it will not do to pooh-pooh them. During the whole of the discussion we have been anxious to explain, as fully as possible, the objects aimed at by the promoters, and to point oat the advan tages which the carrying out of a great scheme of this land would be to the colony. We have not been blind to the fact that the claim made by the Bill was a very large one. We have previously pointed out that the area of land applied for was too large, and that the time during which the immense territory was proposed to be locked up was far too long. We have no hesitation in saying that if the objects contemplated by the promoters could be carried out, the material interests of the colony would be greatly advanced. If a railway were made right across the con tinent, and the land could be settled with an industrious population—which are the avowed objects of the promoters—it would be very considerably for the benefit of all classes of the community. But it is just on these points that the greatest scepticism prevails. The Bill has been regarded as a Speculators' Bill, which, if passed, would be used for speculative pur poses on the London Exchange. We have had no sympathy with those who have characterised the scheme as a "gigantic swindle." The names and cha racters of the men who have taken it up would prevent as regarding it in this light. But the scheme itself may be put forward in good faith, and yet be a mis take as far as the colony generally is concerned; and it was to the weak parts of the proposal that we some time ago suggested the promoters should address themselves. Mr. Hart led off the adjourned debate on Wednesday in a vigorous and able speech. The bon. gentleman is a shrewd politician, and his speech was evidently prepared so as to throw the utmost dis credit on the whole affair. He would not even take the trouble to more that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. He challenged a decision on the measure at once, and urged the House to throw it out altogether. He pointed out that within the whole range of his experience be had never seen such a large claim made by gentlemen who accepted such small responsibility. There was no liability whatever on the part of the Company; no capital of moment had been raised; and no assurance of the bona fides of the promoters had been given. One of the strongest points made by the hon. gentleman was that the Bill took no security from the Company that they would complete the work. There was nothing to hinder them beginning at either or each end and making a railway of 150 or 200 miles long, and receiving for that some 16 millions of acres of land, while the 1,000 or 1,500 miles in the in terior remained untouched. The line at the two extremities, therefore, might be made, which would be the cheapest portions to construct, and the Company would claim for their construction the maximum quantity of land per mile. Mr. Hart also pointed out that if the Bill were passed, and such an immense area of land were conceded to a private Company, the Government could never expect to compete with the Com pany in the sale of land in the Northern Territory. A Company that got 16,000,000 acres of land for the construction of 150 miles of railway could afford to beat the Government out of the market in the sale of their own lands. It was also stated that before anything practical could be done, supposing the Bill passed, the Govern- ment would have to expend some £200,000 in the survey of the country, so as to define and determine the areas of the alternate blocks. Mr. Townsend followed Mr. Hart in a speech which was not less effective than that of the hon. member for the Burra. He held at the very outset that as the question had not been before the constituencies at the last election, it would be unwise and unjust to decide it without a direct appeal to the electors. He made merry with the contrast between the magnificent pre tensions of the promoters and the personal and combined risk which they had under taken. They asked for a territory twice the size of the United Kingdom, and to show their bona fides 53 persons had sub scribed £5 each, with a liability to further calls, making up the amount to £100 each, or £5,300 in all. He maintained that water carriage for any part of Australia would be 90 per cent. cheaper than the railway could convey goods for. He pro tested against the whole of North Aus tralia being locked up for five years; he pledged his professional reputation as a valuator that within five years the Go vernment might sell a large number of blocks of land of 10,000 acres each at 5s. per acre ; and he asserted that the result of the construction of the Northern Tele- graph line had been to show that the interior of the continent, so far from being a barren waste, as it had been re presented, contained immense sections of the most valuable land, which would in crease in value every year as civilization and settlement were pushed further north from Adelaide. He asked for two things —First, that the promoters should pledge themselves to invest whatever profit they might obtain from the sale of the scheme in shares in the Company ; and, secondly, that they should deposit a sum sufficient to cover the cost of survey. Mr. Town- send concluded a good speech by moving that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. Mr. Carr seconded the amendment in a speech quite equal in ability to those which preceded, with the additional ad vantage of having been more carefully prepared. The hon. member reiterated the objections already preferred against the Bill, and put forward with crushing force others which, he maintained, ought to lead to its rejection. On his sitting down, Mr. Ramsay moved the adjourn ment of the debate for a week. An attempt was made to adjourn it for a fortnight, but that failed. Mr. Solomon asked a series of important questions of the Speaker, with a view to determine whether the measure was to be considered as a public or a private one. These ques tions were in substance, whether the Bill was a public or a private one; whether the sum of £500 had been deposited with the Clerk of the House; whether the Company was registered; if not, whether they had a right to ask the concessions sought for in the Bill; and whether the introduction of such a Bill, which would alienate Crown lands, was in accordance with Standing Order No. 50. The Speaker declined to answer these ques tions off-hand, and asked for time to look up authorities and to make up his mind. It may be fairly assumed that Sir George, up to the time when the questions were asked, has regarded the measure as a public Bill, or he would have stopped the discussion long ago ; but now that the matter has been pointedly put before him, nothing further can be done until he has given his decision. Here, then, the question rests at present, and the Speaker and hon. members will have a week to consider the points raised by Mr. Solomon. ————— THE POINT OF ORDER. The points raised by Mr. Solomon last week, as to whether the Trans-Australian Railway Bill was a public or a private one, were admitted to be of great impor tance. The Speaker very properly asked for time to consider the question, and to give his decision. On Wednesday the subject came on in the Assembly, and Mr. Solomon repeated his question. There upon the Speaker read his decision, which was elaborately prepared, and went at great length into the scope and intentions of the Bill. The decision to which he came was that the Bill was a private one, and, therefore, that the necesssary forms had not been observed in its introduction. The question is too important for us to say off-hand whether the Speaker's ruling was right or wrong. It involves impor tant matters of Parliamentary usage. We have no doubt whatever that Mr. Speaker has carefully and conscientiously considered the whole question remitted to him, and has given such a decision as he honestly believes to be in accordance with constitutional usage. But, while admitting this, we are bound to take ex ception to the answer in which he has given his ruling. On a matter of this kind the Speaker occupies the position of a Judge, who may give his decision and the reasons which have led to it, without arguing out the whole question. With every disposition to do justice to the hon. gentleman, we are bound to say that the paper he read to the House looked more like the pleading of an advocate than the calm decision of a Judge. We do not think it would add to the dignity of the Speaker, when his opinion is asked as to any particular question before the House, if he were to argue the matter as an ordi nary member would do in reference to the political bearing of that question. His position is to hold the balance equally, and to give his decision calmly and without any apparent bias. We do not wish to suggest for a moment that Sir George Kingston would allow himself to be consciously biased in any decision he was called upon to give; but there is a danger of a gentleman in his position adopting the tone of an advocate rather than that of a Judge. Mr. Blyth as once intimated that he would challenge the ruling of the Speaker, and he referred to a few particulars in which he thought he was wrong. The Treasurer very properly pointed out that in a matter of this kind it was highly im portant for hon. members to have time to read and carefully consider the judg ment of the Speaker. The House saw this at once, and, after a long and an able speech from Mr. Boucaut, the debate was adjourned for a week. With these pre fatory remarks, we now append the Speaker's ruling:— The first point submitted for my considera tion is whether the Port Augusta and Port Darwin Railway Bill is or is not a privates Bill. In order to arrive at a correct conclusion, it appears to me to be necessary first to ascertain if possible, what constitutes a private Bill as distinguished from a public one, and I am of opinion that this question can be best ascer tained by consulting the writings of Hatsell and May, acknowledged authorities on all matters of Parliamentary practice. Hatsell quotes a resolution of the House of Commons on the 13th June, 1787, when it was resolved "that every Bill for the particular interest of benefit of any person or persons, whether the same be brought in upon petition or motion, or report from a Committee, or brought in from the Lords, has been, and ought to be deemed a private Bill within the meaning of the table of fees." The wording of this resolu- tion means to imply that some persons, seeking to obtain a Bill for the promotion of their private interests, had then tried to have these Bills introduced on motion for leave to bring in a Bill by resolution of a Committee, and by thus avoiding the formalities of petition, or therein evading the Standing Orders, endeavored (as in this case), to escape payment of the usual fees. May lays down the matter thus:—" Every Bill for the particular interest of any person persons is treated as a private Bill ; whether it be for the interest of an individual, a public com- any, a parish, a city a county or other locality, it is equally distinguished from a measure of public policy in which the whole community is interested ; and this distinction is marked by the solicitation of private Bills by the parties themselfs, whose interests are con- cerned. By the standing orders of both Houses all private Bills are ordered to be brought in upon petition, and the payment of fees by the promoters is an indispensable con- condition of their progress." XXXXXXX It is next ressasite to exaaune the Bffl and arttei?i of amisiarisaj of the Port AagaaU and Port Darwsm Bsflvay Oomaaay (Umited), in oraer to ■■■frtsia hawfarften?actanenU of the IMBanbual aatt He mtemtitm vf t*r*wu*im 9 "At pmrtiadw imemf •/ Ot CamjMajr.- Thefan omaaeof the Mil emahlei the Port Aj?gaste and Part Dvrwia Baflany Oosapoiy (Umitad). at aar time snthmCn yean after :be paadag of the Act, to oMaU a cjawMan f ran: th?Oim?msat^?i?< that Oamrany the rjght to maaUarit aad mmA m nOrny beiveen Port Aansta sad Part Danriau Theaeetatidaaae aHowathe said Ooaspoay a period of five yean from the data of the sail agmaasat toeaahle them to ssafca an sat ati als with aome other Oomaaar far tassW the capital aaammry for the Biastra?Tiia of tfce said ragway. Tha.it 1< |i iiHiln lli?1 s)nrlil if too. ymatimm. Uua date may omaao botore the nslviy m caa? mraisad. aad a farther period of 14 jmsis thancnvato the Cliifay for if eompfatiaa. Otiaar liiaaa nmfw laiger power*and tJiiMe p rrikaas apoa theOampaay, inter at*, ths paat la fee^imase of 2M,00Q,«M aana of Uad. saA madatobeo? either aide of the lia«, asde- Saodbthe aahaaaaa. The gn«ts far theaa varJawj hlaasa of had an to ha made owt aa the iaflanyhiiialianliiil.aaJaotoo?tisajeat«pso. the e«aialaKan of the ttae from Port AsigasU to Port Darwia. The Oampawy han the power of BililsilsiH whoa the liae shall ha eo???saaed, aad what partka shall or ohaO Bet be otaatnn*ed Chan It uIU hasw rafenaee to the bleeka of mad to ha gnatol to the OoawMay, aad woald anniliU their bsiae aarreyed aad maraad owt by the Omiiaw l^oreamams thecmats. The aiULadilan by the Oovem. aaeaTfar thai parjam ■ oatimatad by the Bojt reyarXloaenl at earn* raryiac; from £l?,7? toaaW,«ML (aaePoperHo.UL) The objosta of the Port Aagsata sod Port Darwia BaOwss/ Oosspaay (Uauted) am do owfted ia Papar ITo. 67, bamgaeapy of task •rtieleiof I i nilth oa the Cth of Maroh, 1872, «ader the certificate of W. HiasK Master of aeHaptemeOopt. The artides of atoocaa tiaa oTuSOibbui were oa that day aaned by SpsfsaaVtSdrng ? ■bans, vawUeVii oaeh had lass bM with a liaUisy to pay a fartharaam of £95 aa oaeh dura, aad power to iaeraaae the capital of the Company to a of llfl shana, in of which shma are. bowero, easiest to aoKafcflity. aad are to be iaaaed fise to the promoter (oasae not states) as fs?y sail ap shares, thai s*akug the total •apital of the Oempaay, whaa fall, paid ap, The aitieks of asmeUiiaa act forth that «the objestafer which the Oompaay fc eataMished an" the "eaten* iate aajniajaaN wit* the Omuaiwit far the maatmsliiai of a railway boat Port Aoraste to Fart Daorim, and tbe sabseqaeat safe of each agreatamt to come other Uempaay or Oorpontioa," and the Bill in ijnialiwi i« framed with a Tiew of esmbtin; tfce itempaay to eater iato each aa agr*em*at The Cam**** cV? Mt propose uki>< vi of ta? asaal prelimiaary steps aecaaaary for the coos rue.am of the railway fey the wrey of tbe line -ul ti,o preparation << pUaa aod estimate*. Thec.plta', 00,900, festly far too insjgin'Biatit for erea the avast omqr exsmiaatiesi of the cjostrv thraagh wbieh the railway mast pern, The advantage* eoof rred on the Compaay by the BQI any be —auriirt thai—the right to oumUaet. open, and work a railway ai i ■— the mutini.nf or each portian as tber aaav deem saaat eoadaxne to thsir iatanata, or thejr auraen this nfhtto aoaw other Coamuy or OoTponcio?, anther of whom an ander may obUgatkntopneaedwia the watt either in whole or in part. The tm?-wkj. *hea usmUueteA, ii to remoia the |aupeity of the Qua |«aj. and taer tn to ho paid tor Urn iwiiali mlion by thesrut in feo simple of enormous blocks of land contiguous to tins liae. To have the right to n«e (fr-« of charge) the Northern Tekgnph, canrtrarte! br the poMic at a cast snWUr not tern thaa £250,000, whfla aaatherau of from CM.OOO an ham to he rpeat by tbe Gjvtnuaeni la sssrkisc oat the Ueeki of Lu.4 Utcf wooU be oatittedto. While the Ouasjiaai axe Una aeeki?a; to obtatatbeae imaortaot a—caaakaM and adran. taces withcaU aateisa: any proporttenate ben^t to the p««>lte, there sic eertda «enu;ig n >-* which mast not be ov-rlooke i; an ( wh Oi, while eaasiacgnat leaf to the |iiUie m?, «d the o-her bald, b« gremib' to tKe aA-w .ntace of, •ad iaeraaae the ptvfito of, the tlwiwy. For MiTtiTT. the ponkysd optratiuui of toe Com pazty saaf. sshl fiubaslf arodd, cxtead orar m thaa 20 feats from thai date, while at the end of that time not more than 300 miles of railway from Port Darwin may have been aa?atraatol' tat tta Ookmw wOI in that mm 'tan w?tnT grants for 26,000,000 mm af tta Wtv taaVmaa fai theliroviue, Vfcle* ttar may have aold at prioes fariaex taMaf ttacestoT ttarauwty. Now, in the avast af ttavarktacef the laHwaf ■proving a lOBlBO! eBBBBIBL. she filMllT^^*^ ww ml JUtV tUBe. totfcmajSiaj'ttaeaH dttaetr lanilTiuaMbtiiMu tta aammvamm^Jtottar portions «tthe One, ■tr.iht, Ita ttbj.atam. V* trim. «*n Ikw mast rap. two paaamger taw ? fi«* fmm Wat ma of the Baa. tat woies. no !■ wily tar «afamtt. The 9th datne WjJUthi Hiipy w *• *••? (talma U repair, and ■■■■!■ «ta Ouwii—rt to npab It if Ht fartttttostaooi?oairecL Kmo4,how.Y«r.bj nm imfcgi I ftat Ike Company ti one of limited tUaflUr, wife a aaDtbJ of ably £10.600; to aMa??kaOempanyaaaer than draamttiaoei weald taam!am> flaviatttaaenuaiaadthe qwslianinaU ita Tuieae ■wriag, aad given it tat bums eanfal iiaaMirtHns. It Appear* to me impoaohk to mm to aay altar enarinrfoa than that the pMtAasaata aaa Fart OanrialUnway SOI v far tta pmitiL.U\rinteratoftkmrtnnMf*rmiMg Ot l*rt Awmtm *U Port Darrn* BaUwa 9 Om/mmf ftSmUeiX and therefore tomei under the eVaaltiM of a nrivata Bin. as given *y Uatefl t May, uoTearht not to be farther Am to ta* acker point* of order niaed, I i?niwi it Isaot minimal j for me to reply to ttam mimtim. tat augr atate that aone of the HwaM?g Oiden raWlre to private BOU ■.wotaaacaauUea with by the p£t Ansnita aad Part Darwla Bailwar Company (Limited). Btaald they wi«e to obtain an Aetof Parlfe ■Mat eaueWing ttam or tnair aadgnee* to 11 ait i art a oflwajr aanai tta eontfaent and annum*; «a ttamtta aaeoial prirPcFecsonxfat tar ta the 801 bow Mote the Hoace, it aaaaet ta iatrodaoed before the «tan&ng; Onln relative to privata B& tare been ■ ■■rail wift. vis_ pobUe aatkes *■ the Osajttcaf the iataaiioa to apply/*;*, prifato Bin : ■aUaae to all antato aeraeaana nabue kaaiM Vkwa laaff it Is arecoa?jto tOte, or o(Biaaaea4liaatirfr«ln«a^a?d?^gti«v ta tta Soaae tafata Ihm te tosagia «b*Bol eia ba aakat far ; a tooajs af * **r «ant. «a the tattmatod waa>w of &ewart; Store ihe fint laadiaz, or Wbn OaK?aaaheaqnaUraedin Oaauaittsa; tta pnaolaaUl have to obtain • ■MBMg* tea Hb KuaUeney ginnc Her ■CajwtyV aanat to she -«—? ? — much of tta aaano takii of the pmrin* a* b pro paaad to ta ftaatod to or fakajiby the Com- the snucnra sauna. One of **■« most spirited of the whole session took jlm mi Wednesday, whoa Mr. Biyih duflengefl the Speakers ruling an the Train- A nrtf^f *** Railway BuLWhenthe questions of Mr. Solomon wan pnbluay P?t to Mr. Speaker,. Sir Chaqt asked lor time to consider the nutter, and last week he read the elabo rate ruling which we have already pub lished, and on which we have commented. Mr. tfpeakw ruled that the Bill was a private one, and at the formalities neces- . aarr la tike fa|tcDdiictk>a of; private Bills had not bean oomplied with, it oonld ptooted no' farther. Immediately on thkdatuion being given lit. tty^i gave notioeota motion whidi would &? the opiaiatt of the Hoiue as to tte cdnectness of ti>e mlwff. Of comae this was quite * ■ liMJliwilii imiiiiuiiiiji, . The Speaker is . not inWiaile7?ndbstk law aad wage provide a aMaaa br whioh his deciaions naytetMtod. Mr. Blyth adapted the piopei mane—acting, indeed, on the advise of Hie Speaker himself. The debate was broogjtt on by Mr. Kjth on WedMadar.aad altar oeonpying «everal hone, nantted in ? majortty of one in favor of Mr. Birth's motioa and against the Speaker's ruling. ' : Moat of the speedbes deGrered onbott aidaa warn able and h«hly creditoble to the Boose. It is quite true that in some tmlinoM boo. members wandered from the real point to be decided, and al lowed their views as to die expe diency of the measure to color their opinions as to the actual question heist* them. That question was not whsthar ft was deniable to pass the Bill intanfeaad by Mr. Blyth, but whether the Speaker's ruling making itapnvaie Mtm was to be aooeptoH or rejected. Thb was the twnnHni point before .the Hboes, though it «?ni«Hinii« appeared to be forgotten by some of the speakers. It. wasaMwesid that the Bill in its passage thronghOommittee might be so modified as to remove some of the very points whicbhad led Mr. Speaker to pronounce it to be a private BOL That is quite possible, but it bad nothing do with the qneation before the House. The Bill as it w, and not as it may be made, was submitted to the Bpeaker for his decision on the point of form, and nehad no right in iHHiung to a decision to take into ancoont what it might possibly beoomfi in its passago through the House. A printed document was placed in Ids hands, and ha waa called upon to say what its raarantnr was with reference to the forms of Parliament. Of course when opinions of gentlemen and QoMtitational Uw differ so innch, it ia not for us to aaaort dogmatically whether the Speaker was right or wrong. We have a vary strong impression, how ever, that ho wm wpt We put forward one simple last """fc™^ in theeonrse of the debate, which appears to as to be unanswerable. U the SOI passed in its present tarn the Government would be absolutely preemded for fire yean from ♦/Mn4?j??l> the inunesse area ««""J. or from entering into any arrangements with any other Company or person with respect to it. In fact, 300,000,000 of aena of land would be dosed against everybody, Qoiwnmwit included, but the Company who had obtained the Bin. Jf thb om fact alone does not indicate that the Bill is a private one, we do not know what would shew it. After s> capital de bate, as we h?ve said before, thejhotion of Mr. Blyth was carried by a majority of one, them being aau for the Ayes and eight for the Noes, with five pain. The Government Voted with the Noes. On the result being declared, Mr. Townsend at once stated his intention of moving on m snbseqnent day for ? eaU of the House in order to Kaoud the vote, and that, we presume, wtH come on in due coarse. It as undoubtedly of so saueh importance a larger number of memben than 87 should record their -votes. The question, therefore, ia not yet settled. ■ HOBTSBBV TRBItOBT UHD BILL. TheQowwiimaiit brought on the second reading of the Northern Territory Land Bill on Thursday, and its discussion oc cupied the most of the afternoon. The Commissioner of Grown lends explained the more important rlansos of the measure at some length, and when he eat down the Speaker, atts| waiting some time, pat the question, witch was carried without farmer rtmiarir This was rather an uausual eimumstsacs with a BUI of so mach importance ; and whether it in dicates that hon. members are getting tired of disf liming the same question over and over again and, therefore, preferred reserving what they had to say to the dismission in Committee, or whether it was an indication of weariness of any sort of legislation on such a dull day as Tnuoday was, we do net know. Bat at any rate the result was good; for the House in Committee were able at onoa to tackle the clauses of the BO!, and they went at them with a manifest intention of making the mea aare as onmplete as possible. They met the Government in a fair spirit, and the Government responded in a similar way. Clauses about which there was any doubt ware freely withdrawn at the reqnest of hon. members who asked further time fm iwmWliiislirw The Bill made good program through Committee, and the Ho?sewsmpedatdaaseM. ? will be kept in mind, however, that several «■??*—r wen postponed, out even allow ing lor tins, the House waa in the right spirit for work. Of course the way towards the discus snon ef an nutters of land policy has been very much smoothed by the enor mous debates on the land question which have taken place during the last few Teen, "*^ principles which some time ago would not have bsenacbepted without l/Mig diacussion, have been so thoroughly sifted that whatever of good or bad they contain has already been made apparent. Now it is a great thing in any discussion .clearly to settle principles. Archbishop Whateley says the~wafTo shorten argu ment and to get at satisfactory results, is to define terms, and so it is in legislation; And we have no doubt that the progress made in the Northern Territory Land Bill on Thursday was owing in some degree to the familiarity of hon. members with the subject they were debating. We believe, with care, a really useful measure for the settlement of the vast territory in the North will be passed through the Legislature. CUSTOMS ACT IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. The House of Assembly on Wednesday resolved, by a majority of 1 in a House ' of 31 members, that it is desirable forth with to proclaim the Customs Act in force in the Northern Territory. The Govern ment proposed an amendment, to the effect that " provision should be made for collecting Customs duties in the Northern Territory forthwith." the difference be tween this and Mr. Cottrell's motion being that, whereas the motion sought to bring into force the existing Customs tariff, the Government preferred arrang ing a new tariff for the Northern Terri tory, better adapted to the peculiar cir cumstances of that portion of the pro vince. It was pointed out in the course of the discussion that even if the time had come for levying Customs duties in the Northern Territory, the circumstances of that country were, in several impor tant particulars, so. utterly unlike the circumstances of South Australia proper, that the tariff applicable to the southern end'of the province' was not applicable to the northern end. Therefore it was pro-' posed to draft a special tariff for the Nor thern Territory, in the event of its being determined to levy Customs duties there. At first this suggestion was warmly recom mended by various hon. members; but, notwithstanding, the result was what we have already stated. As the matter now stands, the House of Assembly have de termined, by a majority of one vote only, to enforce immediately the Port Adelaide tariff at Ports Darwin and Roper. A motion, similar to that of Air. Cottrell, was moved in the Legislative Council by Mr. Hogarth; but no decision was ar rived at, the debate being adjourned. As the Act suspending the operation of the Customs Act in the Northern Ter ritory was passed in the ordinary course of legislation by both Houses, it is only fair that both Houses should have an opportunity of expressing an opinion with regard, to the reviving of that mea sure. This majority of one vote in favor of the immediate revival of the present Cus toms Act in the Northern Territory may be attributed to one or two misappre hensions. For example, Mr. Lake stated that, under the existing state of things, there was nothing to prevent spiritd, to bacco, and other highly dutiable articles, entering Port Darwin free, and then being reshipped to Port Adelaide and being landed there free also. Of course tiiis would be a fatal objection to a single' honrV delay, if the objection were well: founded. But there is no foundation whatever for the objection; as nothing of the kind would be allowed' to be done. ' Still, this fear on the part of Mr. Lake. as a matter of course, swayed his vote, and may also have influenced other votes. We ars not reflecting upon the vote given by that hon. member, who acted, quite pro perly from his own point of view; but there could not be the slightest danger of the Government or the Parliament omit ting to take all necessary steps to pre vent such a palpable fraud on the re venue. As another illustration of the manner in which, the division was in fluenced by misapprehension, we may mention the objection taken by the hon. member for the Port, Mr. Hughes, who stated that a new tariff for the Northern Territory would take mouths to settle, during which time tho mischief sought to be averted would be effected. But' triy should a new tariff occupy1 months in preparation} The whole might be done in, a day, although, of course, ~if hon. members persist, in •pending weeks or months over it there is no help for it; but we have no fear that the House would so unwisely prolong the discussion of a question that every hon. member must know demands immediate , action. However, the Government have proclaimed the Customs regulations to take effect from August 1. HI.—PARLIAMENT. AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUnON. The Government have made another attempt to amend the present Constitu tion Act. It has been felt for years past that the colony has outgrown the existing Act, which, when it was passed, was neces sarily of a tentative character. We have no wish to find fault with the framers of that Act, and we are willing to admit that it has worked fairly on the whole. Exptrientia docet, and our experience has taught us that, however well designed the Act may ht>ve been, it has not proved in its working to be the very perfection of legislative wisdom. But it is not an easy matter to alter the Constitution of a country, especially when an absolute majority of both Houses is requisite to carry the second and third readings of any Amendment BilL Daring the last half-a-dozen yean we know not how many Bills have been brought before Parliament for the amendment of the Constitution, but they have all mis carried, owing principally, there can be no doubt, to the fact that they aimed at too much. Mending a Constitution is like replacing teeth—the thing must be done gradually, and not en bloc. The present Government have resolved to proceed with necessary reforms in detail, and in this we think they have acted wisely. There are at least six or eight amendments which might be made with advantage to the colony; but the Government have selected two or three in their new Bill, without prejudice, how *ver, as the lawyers would say, to those which remain. On Tuesday the Trea surer obtained leave to introduce a Bill for the amendment of the Constitution Act. In his speech the hon. gentleman pointed out that the amendments pro posed were not all that might be required, but they were those which the Govern ment might fairly expect to pass through both branches of the Legislature ; and it was better to take what they could get than, by aiming at the impracticable, to get nothing. ' The fint proirision in the Bill is to do ! aw?y with die clause which requires the Attorney-General to be a member of one branch of the Legislature. The Govern ment proposal is to leave the matter optional. We quite agree with those hon. members who say it would be absurd to make a law that the Attorney-General should not have a seat in the Legislature. That would be worse than the present law, which says he must have a seat. But by leaving the matter optional, the conve nience of Ministers would be very much consulted, and the head of the Govern ment would not bo compelled to find his Attorney-General in Parliament. It is a very old story how the efforts of gentle men who are "' sent for 1' by the Governor to form an Administration are some times hampered by the difficulty of finding a gentleman of the legal profes sion able and willing to take upon him self the duties of Attorney-General; and where only two or three lawyers happen to be in the Legislature, they become to some extent masters of the situation. If, however, a Minister in forming his Cabi net could go outside for bis Attorney, his business would often be very much faci litated, and a stronger Government could be brought together. There is no doubt whatever that this amendment proposed by the present Ministry will be cheerfully acaeptea by the House. The Bill does not say that the Attorney-General shall or shall not be a member of the Legisla ture, but it leaves the matter open. Practically, we imagine, the Attorney- General will be in the House. Any Go vernment would be only too anxious to have the assistance in Parliament of a legal gentleman able to advise them while measures are passing through the Legis lature. But the amendment will leave the position of the Attorney- General optional as far as having a seat is con cerned. The second amendment proposed is an increase of Ministers from five to six. It is held that the number of Ministers is too small, and the Treasurer pointed out the inconvenience of having only one representative of the Government in the Upper Chamber. He suggested, there fore, that should the Bill be carried, two members might be apportioned to the Council, while four remained in the Assembly. His argument was that if 36 members had four Ministers, then 18 members ought to have two Ministers. It was stated, however, that the Bill did not provide that there should necessarily be two members in the Council; but matters would so shape themselves that in all probability this would be the result. The Bill proposes that the new Minister should hold the portfolio of Postmaster- General, but about his special designa tion the Government were not very parti cular. While, however, the number of Minis ters was proposed to be increased, the Treasurer pointed out that there would be no additional claim on the funds of the colony. The present amonnt on the Civil List for Ministers is £4,800, and this at the present time is somewhat un equally divided. It is proposed, there fore, to equalise Ministerial salaries, giving each of the six Ministers £8(M per annum. This would do away with the invidious distinctions which now exist amongst the various Ministers, and, as far as salary is concerned, would put them all on the same footing of equality. When the Treasurer sat down, Mr. Blyth got up, and at once expressed his intention of voting for the motion, be cause the principles enunciated by the Treasurer were all contained in the measure which he brought forward in 1866\. The hon. gentleman, however, expressed bis regret that his favorite hobby had not been included in the pro posed Bill—that of sending Ministers back to their constituencies on accepting office. He insisted that this provision, which was included in the Constitutions of every elective body in the world, was the only way to obtain a strong Ministry. He denied that on any just principle should two Ministers bo given to the Legislative Council; he thought, indeed, that if the number of Ministers were in creased to six it was not at all improbable that the whole of them would be selected from the House of Assembly, leaving the conduct of the business in the Upper Chamber to some one who might hold a portfolio without being a member of the Cabinet. This, he alleged, was the arrangement in the neighboring colonies of New South Wales ?nd Victoria ; and, we may add, a pretty kettle of fish they sometimes make of it. We do not believe it would ever work satisfac torily in this colony,'where the Council is not such an absolute nonentity as it may be in other provinces. Here it is not an easy matter for even a Minister, and he the Chief Secretary, to carry the business smwthly through the second Chamber. What an "unattached" member would do we should not like to ba called upon to say. We are afraid he would be very helpless. After a little further discussion, the motion for the in troduction of the Bill was carried, and it was read a first time. The reforms aimed at are not of great magnitude, but they are oF considerable importance, and we hope the Bill will be carried. THE ELECTORAL BILL. When the new Electoral Bill came on in Committee on Tuesday in the Assembly, a long debate took place on the first clause, which fixes the number of mem bers at 42 instead of 36, as at present Some hon. members wished the clause postponed until subsequent clauses and the schedules were discussed. Others were opposed to any increase in the present number of representatives ; and others thought that by a rearrangement of the districts, fixing the number at | twelve, each district returning three re | presentatives, the present inequalities i might be rectified. All the members who spoke on the question admitted that the existing state of the constituencies called for immediate alteration. It was al lowed that Victoria, Fort Adelaide, and Stanley all required some altera tion. These three districts have out grown their original numerical pro portions, and need to be divided. The proposal of the Bill is a simple one, and would substantially meet the justice of the case. It is almost impossible in a shifting population like ours to get an absolute equalization of electoral districts, so far as numbers are concerned. The most we can aim at is an approximation to it The inequalities are most apparent in the three districts we have mentioned, and if these were divided so as to give four members to the districts now return ing only two, substantial justice would be done. Two of the members for the City intimated their intention of trying to get additional representation for it, increasing the number from four members to six; but the propo sition did not meet with much encouragement. There is a pretty general opinion that directly and in directly the City is quite sufficiently re presented at the present time. Many of the country members have city interests, and there is but little danger of Adelaide affairs being neglected in the House. The good people on Yorke's Peninsula, too, think that, taking the standard of po pulation, they are entitled to more than two members, and we imagine the represen tatives for the Port will be disposed to press this matter. We hope, however, the fate of the Bill will not be endangered by undue attempts to press the claims of either the City or the Peninsula. The clause, fixing the number of members at 43, was carried, with the understanding, however, that it would be open to re committal and revision. The second clause was carried without opposition. An attempt was made in the third clause to alter the present constituency for the Legislative Council, and instead of having the whole province one elec toral district for hon. members of the Council, dividing into three or six districts. This suggestion did not meet with much favor, and the clause was passed as printed. We hope there is a fair prospect now of getting such an amendment of the present Act as will meet the altered circumstances of the colony. The new Bill in its main prin ciples will accomplish this if it is carried, and we hope personal objections on matters of detail will not be so pressed as to place the measure itself in danger, especially as it has to be passed by absolute majorities in both Houses. THE LIND BILL. A clean reprint of the Land Bill was placed on the files of hon. members, and the land question was again brought on on Thursday. As several amendments were proposed to be made, the whole Bill was reconsidered. This was supposed by some persons to be rather a dangerous procedure, as every clause would have to be put to the Committee again. The re sult,' showed, however, that there was no just causejfor apprehension. Hon. mem bers exhibited great Belf-restraint in dis cussing the clauses. The debates on the obnoxious provisions were kept within moderate limits. Two or three essential principles were challenged and amend ments on them proposed, but they were not discussed at great length, and when the vote was taken they were all again affirmed. The members seemed to have wisely reached the conclusion that as the Bill in its first passage through Com mittee had been debated at great length, it was not necessary to go over the whole question again. Amendments suggeste.l, therefore, were quickly disposed of, and all the clauses of the Bill, with the schedules, were passed. Several verbal amendments, chiefly proposed by the Go vernment themselves, were accepted by the Committee, and the Bill will now come out of Committee in a fair and workable form. Some of the extreme members have already given the Government warning that, as they could not carry their own views, they will vote against the third reading of the Bill. We sincerely hope this will not be done, because, supposing the Bill to be lost, land reform will be thrown back for another year, and imper fections in the existing law, which are loudly complained against, will continue unaltered until next session. The Bill, as passed, does provide for reuiodying these imperfections, and in its main pro visions, we believe, it will be acceptable to the country generally. The Bill is a substantial measure of land reform, which is required, and, we believe, will be ac ceptable to the country, and it would be a great pity that the work of so much of the session should be utterly wasted by the rejection of the Bill on the third read ing. We have faith, however, in the majority of the House, and believe that they will now carry the measure through, all its stages, so as to allow it to go up to the Council. TJE KOA.U BILL. The debate on the second reading of the Road Bill came on in the Assembly on Tuesday, and nothing could more prove the want of resolution on the part of hon. members than the treatment it met with. The Government, in asking for the second reading, did not demand much from the House. They admitted that a new mea sure of road reform, must be regarded as an open question amongst all parties. The question has been the bite tioir of we know not how many Governments. The insufficiency of the present law has been admitted on all sides. Several Govern ments have tried to bring forward a more useful and acceptable measure, but in each instance their efforts have been met with a point-blank negative. Of course, every measure of road reform must neces sarily involve increased taxation. It is a matter of sheer impossibility to goon under the present system, in which the funds both for construction and maintenance are drawnfromthegeneralrevenue. Successive Parliaments who have sat for years past have admitted this. If, then, the funds voted from the general revenue are insuf ficient for road purposes, the only alter native is a special tax. But hon. mem bers shrink from anything of the kind. They loudly complain of the existing state of things, and as loudly demand some amendment of tko law ; but when any Government propose an alteration in the Act involving increased taxation, hon. members with one consent begin to make excuse. So it was on Tuesday. The Government asked very little—only that the House should affirm the second read ing, and thus express an opinion on local rating. But this is just what the House did not want to do. The affirmation of the principle of local rating was what the House shrunk from. The Government were almost willing to take the preamble only as a starting point for further legislation, and with the assistance of hon. members lick the measure into shape, so as to get some Bill carried which would meet the pressing necessities of the case. Many members were with the Government on this point, and intimated their intention of voting for the second raiding, though by no means in favor of all the separate provisions of the BilL Indeed, throughout the whole discus sion the Government were treated with fairness and respect. The necessity for an amendment in the existing law was admitted, and on the part of an influen tial portion of the House a disposition was shown to carry the second reading, with a view to shape the clauses in Com mittee so as to make the measure more workable. No one attempted to suggest that the question should be one on -which the Ministry should stand or falL On j the contrary some of the more expe rienced members expressed the opinion that the only way to get a satisfactory Road Bill was by making it an open question, and so getting the best thoughts of the best men in the House on the sub ject. The whole debate on the question was a long and an able one, in several in stances rising above the mediocrity of ordinary debates. When the question was put there was some amount of confusion. The propo sition of the Government was—That the Bill be now read a second time. On this Mr. Solomon moved that it be read a second time Wits day six months. As put by Ihe Speaker, the first question was that the worn proposed to be struck out (now) stand part of the question. This was negatived by a majo rity of two. Mr. Solomon's amendment was then put—" this day six months," and negatived without a division. AU, therefore, that was left of the resolution was—That the Bill be read a second time. Several attempts were made to get other amendments introduced, bnt the Speaker ruled them all out of order, on what grounds we confess we are unable to see. He insisted on putting simply what was left of the resolution—That the Bill be read a second time. This was negatived by a majority of three. The conclusion reached, therefore, was not a very creditable one for a deliberative assembly. The House would not carry the Government resolution; they would not carry Mr. Solomon's amendment, • which would have been a direct rejection ' of the resolution ; and they have simply | shelved the whole affair, leaving it to the Government to take such farther steps as they may think desirable. This is, indeed, a lame and impotent conclusion, and shows a vacillation on the part of hon. members on a mo?t important ques tion, which is very much to be depre cated. The fact is, that we almost despair of any Road Bill being accepted by the House which involves the necessity of increased taxation. The thing has been tried again and again, and in each instance has failed. THE NEW DISTILLATION BILL. For some years back there has been a loud demand for some amendment in our distillation laws. It has been main tained that in several respects they were defective, pressing very hard upon our respectable vignerons. The old .dream of free distillation appears to have been dissipated, and now what is asked for is to make the laws a little more elastic and favorable to the producer. This the Government have attempted in the Bill now before Parliament, and for the pre paration of which the Attorney-General appears to be responsible. On first glancing over the measure the thought which strikes one is that the whole art and manufacture of distilled waters in this colony is hampered]round with re strictions in a most inconvenient way. The distiller cannot move hand or foot in any direction without the consciousness that he is under the closest surveillance. No other manufacturer appears to be so closely watched; and undoubtedly there is a reason for this. Had the law only to consider the convenience of the producer, then the restrictions on the trade would be absurd; bnt the far more important question for it to recognise and look after is the protection of the revenue. Spirits bear a very heavy duty, which adds largely to the national income. Unless, then, the laws regulating their manufacture were most carefully pre pared, with a view to prevent illicit distills* tion and the circulation of spirits through the colony which had never paid duty, the revenue would be greatly defrauded, and the effect on the social and moral health of the community would be very serious. Indeed, it is strongly suspected that now, and for some years past, a good deal of this nefarious work has been going on in various parts of the colony, which, under the existing law, it is difficult, if not impossible, to detect iv many instances. Our rea iers, therefore, will bear in mind that the primary object of the new Bill is to make illicit distillation botli difficult and dangerous ; and hencu the many re strictions with which the manufacture of spirits is hedged about. The Dill aims at consolidation, and begins by repealing Acts No. C of 18.11 and No. 10 of 1857-8, and proposes re modelling the law on the whole question. The first class included in the Hill to whom licences for having aud working a still may be granted, are proprietors of vineyards and orchards with not less than five acres of fruit-b(*aring vines and trees. Any person in this class may obtain a licence for a still of uot less than 50 giillous capacity, " for the purpose of distilling spirits from the fermented juice of the grape or other fruit, being the pro duce of his own or any other vineyard or orchard." The spirits thus distilled may be used in the fortifying of native wines to a strength of not more than 35 per cent, of proof spirit, and for the purpose of washing and cleansing the casks in such quantities as may be provided for hy regulations. Should any surplus remain at the end of the year after these objects arc served, the distiller will be permitted, in conformity with certain regulations, to dispose of it in one lot or to warehouse it in a bonded store. The nest class contemplated by the Bill are those who intend going into distillation as a business, and any such person may obtain a distillation licence, which shall authorise him to have and use on his premises " a wash still of a capacity not less than 80 gallons, and a feints or spirit still of a capacity not less than 40 gallons, or a distilling apparatus capable of exhausting not less than 50 gallons of wash in the hour, for the pur pose of distilling spirits from the fer mented juice of the grape or other fruit, for sale upon the payment of duty, or for exportation free of duty." A simple wineniaker's licence will cost £5; a dis tiller's licence £59. In each case appli cations for licences are to be made to tbe Chief Inspector of Distilleries—an officer hereafter to be appointed. The application is to be accompanied by a certilicate of a Special Magistrate or two Justices testi fying to the good character of the appli cant, and before the licence is granted the wiuemaker must give a bond in £200, and the applicant for a distiller's licence a bond for £500, to be forfeited in each caso on a violation of the regulations. In the latter case the distiller is also to forward a plan of the premises in which he purposes carrying on his business, and also of the apparatus he intends to em ploy. The duty on colonial made spirits is the same as now —Gs. 91. per gallon. Supposing all this has been douc, and the licence issued, then the 19th clause is very important. When requiring to use his distilliug apparatus, the distiller will have to give three days 1 clear notice in writing to the Chief Inspector, or other officers acting under his authority, in order that an officer may be in atten dance to open the several locks and fas tenings ; such notice to state when the distiller intends to commence, and the materials he purposes to employ ; a dupli cate of such notice is also to be sent to the officer in charge of the nearest Police- S tat ion ; and a similar notice is to be given in each instance within twelve hours of ceasing to distil. Every distiller is also to keep a faithful record of the whole of his work while en gaged in distilling. In fact, a journal of his whole day's work is to be regularly kept, almost as minute as the entries in a ship's log, and this is to be produced whenever required by proper officers. An infinite number of other provisions are made in the Bill which ap pear vexatious enough at first sight, but all of which, we presume, arc intended to i multiply checks on any attempt at illicit distillation. The penalties for any vio lation of the Act are exceedingly severe, and would be sufficient to ruin almost any tradesman if inflicted in full, as we imagine they would be if a conviction were obtained. Any distiller reading the Bill would, we believe, fully accept the truth of the old saying that " Honesty is the best policy." We may add that, in addition to licences to vignerons and distillers proper, provision is also made for granting licences to persons wishing to use stills for chemical, photographic, or other scien tific purposes, at a charge of £5; and also licences for distilling fresh water from salt at a charge of £2. Care is taken, however, that these stills shall not be used for other purposes. These are the most salient features of the Bill at they strike us on a first perusal; but we shall have other opportunities of dealing with it at greater length. ASSENT TO BILLS. On Wednesday His Excellency the Go vernor assented to several more Bills, one of which was the Customs Amendment Act, of late so much talked about. We have already explained the purport of this measure, the object of which is to extend the operation of the law authoris ing the granting of drawbacks on broken packages. At present these drawbacks are only allowed on goods shipped for legally proclaimed landing-places on the Murray within the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria. Now, if our mer chants and producers traded exclusively with the Riverina country the existing law would be sufficient, but we are doing business with Western Australia and oilier places to which the law now in force does not apply. Upon the representation of many commercial men and others, the Bill now assented to was introduced, and is now the law of the land. Drawback on broken packages can therefore be now granted, not only for Murray ports, but for all intercolonial ports, whether reached by river or by sea. This arrange ment will only put our trading classes on a footing of equality with those of other colonies, in which an extended system of granting drawbacks prevails. It is necessary that we should correct a misapprehension that prevails to some extent on this subject. It has been sup posed that the Bill just assented to would preclude the bringing into force of the Customs Act in the Northern Territory. But it will have no such effect, and can have no such effect. The Customs Act can be brought into operation in that part of the province at any moment by proclamation, and the new Act has nothing whatever to do with it. The simple object is, to place Adelaide traders on an equal footing with those of other colonies, which is a bare act of justice to South Australia, and is a matter that need not influence in any way whatever the question of enforcing the collection of Customs duties in the Northern Ter ritory. IV.—IMMIGRATION AND POPULA TION. IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. The Government have lost no time in issuing the regulations under which assisted immigration is to be resumed. It is obvious that the object of the Go vernment in preparing these regulations is to aid in the introduction of a class of persons who would be of immediate use to the colony. Neither young children (except in limited numbers) nor old people who have not a good many years of work left in them, are to come under the arrangements for assisted immigra tion. The country has spent a great deal of money very uselessly in former years for the introduction of a class of persons who have in many cases not been worth their passage-money. Now, however, as we have but a limited amount to spend on immigration, we must spend it in the most economical way. If the regulations are carefully carried out, very few persons beyond those whose labor can be imme diately turned to account will be brought out. As mechanics and artisans in not included in the " eligible classes," it may be presumed that the Government think the market for this kind of labor is fully supplied. lue regulations, though not volnmi nous, contain all necessary information. The conditions specify that on payment of certain sums of money certitics,lea will be issued guaranteeing passages to the colony. These certificates will have twelve months' currency, and will be transferable, but only to persons of the same nationality as those mentioned in the certificates. The classes eligible for passages are :— L Married agricultural and other laborers, miners, and gardeners, not excaeding 45 yean of age. 2\. Single men, or widowers (without children nnder 14) of auy of the abw clmsu*. not ex ceeding 40 ye?rs of ftg^. 3\. Single female domestic servants, or widow* (without chi'drou under 14) not exceeding 35 years of age. 4\. Toe wives and children of mirriod emi grants. It is provided that every emigrant over 11 years of age—and by the head of the family in the case of younger emigrants — must before embarkation sign au under taking for £20, but this will not be en forced unless any immigrant shall leave or attempt to leave South Australia within two years after arrival. As to the pay ments to be made iv aid of the passages of both males and females, the amounts are as follow :—For children under 14 years, £3 ; for persons over 14 years and under 40 years, £4; andforpersonsover 40 years and under 45 years, £0. Coming to the regulation describing eligible can didates, we find that they " most be in the habit of working for wages at one of the callings mentioned, and must bs going out with the intention of working for hire in that calling. They must be sober, in dustrious, of good moral character, in good health, free from all mental and bodily defects, within the ages specified, appear physically to be capable of labor, and have been vaccinated or had the smallpox." With reference to ineli gible candidates, it is stated that passages cannot be granted to per sons intending to proceed to the other colonies, nor to persons in the habitual receipt of pariah relief, nor to fajniliA« in which there are more than two children under seven yean of age, or than three under ton years of age ; nor to children under fourteen without their parents; nor to husbands without their wives, or wives without their husbands, unless the parents, husbands, or wives are already in the colony; nor to single women who have had illegitimate children ; nor to persons who have not arranged with their creditors. But a person, although not in cluded in the eligible classes, who shall pay, or have paid for him, a sufficient amount to cover the cast of his passage, is to be allowed to come out as an emigrant, provided that " euch person is in good health, and not likely to become charge able to the colony, and that he or she sign an agreement to conform to the rules to be observed on board ship." The intending emigrant has first to fill up an application form, to be obtained from the Emigration Agent in London. A time and place for personal inspection will then be appointed, and after the in spection the person will be informed whe ther or not a passage can be granted. If the application should have a successful issue, tie emigrant will be furnished with an embarkation order—which is not trans ferable—naming the ship in which he will sail, and specifying the time and place of joining her. Emigrants must provide themselves with outfits, and on this subject the regulations state :—" The smallest quantity that will be allowed is —for each male over fourteen, six shirts, six pairs of stockings, two warm flannel shirts, two pairs of new shoes or boots, two complete suits of strong exterior clothing, four towels, and 2 lbs. of marine soap; and for each female over fourteen, six shifts, two flannel petticoats, six pairs of stockings, two pairs of strong boots or shoes, two strong gowns (one of which must be made of a warm material), four towels, and 2 lbs. of marine soap. Two or three colored shirts for men, and an extra supply of flannel for women and children, are very desirable." The quan tity of baggage taken by each person over fourteen years of age must not exceed in space 20 cubic or solid feet, nor in weight half a ton; and the boxes or cases must not exceed 15 cnbic feet each. Amongst the articles enume rated as not to be taken by emigrants are mattresses and feather beds, firearms, wines, spirits, beer, gunpowder, and ludfer matches. The regulations caution candidates not to reckon upon passages or make any preparations for departure unless they receive notice that they have been approved on inspection; and it is further pointed out that persons cannot be received on board dup without an embarkation order issued by the Emi gration Agent, nor unless they are in a fit state of health for the voyage. Then there are the regulations under which remission certifi rates, available in the purchase of Crowu lands, may be claimed where emigrants have been brought out to the colony by private per sons. These regulations provide that persons who have lived in South Australia a year, introducing at their own cost, emigrants of any of the eligible Hinmrm, shall be entitled on their arrival to re ceive a, certificate for an amonnt equal to the cost which might have been incurred by the Government in bringing them out; which certificate is to be taken as cash for the purchase of Crown lands. But this provision is subject to the following con ditions : — L That sues persons have bean inspected and or that notice of nub intended introduction of immigrants be addressed in writing to this office, at least six months prior to the date of their arrival in the colony. 2\. That, on lmflingt a certificate be obtained from the Immigration Agent, orduly authorised penon, at Port Adnlaidw. to the effect that tbe immigrant ao introduced is eligible for aceep t.nce. 3\. That on presentation of the money eerttfi cate at the Treasury after its maturity (two years after date), there be attached thereto a declaration tbat tbe persons in respect of whose introduction the certificate was issued, have been constantly since arrival, and an then, resident in South Australia, and hare not daring such residence been recipients «f public relief. In the foregoing we have given the salient points of the regulations, but for the forms of application, &c.;, we must refer our readers to the Government Gazette. MARBIED PEOPLE. The seventh part of the Census Returns for 1871 deals with the " Conjugal Con dition of the People." The tables axe very elaborate, snowing not only the numbers of married and unmarried males and females in every municipality and District Council in the province, but the numbers in the outlying districts, on board ships, and at the Northern Ter ritory. Then, again, these classifications are further subdivided to show the age* of the married and unmarried in all the various places tabulated. Altogether the return is a most minutely detailed one— we are inclined to think much more so than is needed for general information. However, it bean the mark of great labor, and we doubt not it will be highly prized by statisticians. We cannot enter into the minute local subdivisions which these tables embrace, but must deal with the general results. Briefly, then, at the date of the last census there were, in the province of South Australia 95,406 males and 90,218 females; multing together 186,626 per sons of both sexes and all ages. Of these, there were 30,002 males, and 30,029 females married, making 60,031 married persons. At the same date there were 3,521 widows, and 1,571 widowers. As regards ages, the re turns show 1C different periods, or, rather, 17 ; but the first class—" under 15 years of age"—show? a " nil" return. The second period includes persons be tween the ages of 15 and 2L, which is too • wide a range, as it fails to show to what < extent very early marriages prevail in this ; colony. However, between 15 and 21 years of age there were 68 married males and 806 married females. The City of Adelaide includes less than its percentage of these youthful couples, the number being 8 males and 87 females—in round numbers, 10 per cent., whereas in the ratio of population, Adelaide wonld have been entitled to over one- seventh. The highest numbers of married couples come in the classes—2s and under 30, 30 and under 35, 35 and under 40, 40 and under 45 ; the numbers of married people within these ages being respectively — 4,196 males and 5,192 females, 4,713 males and 5,149 females, 4,087 males and 4,043 females, 4,380 males and 3,084 females. The returns show that for the earlier ages, say from 21 years to 40, there are many more married women than men; but after 40 the reverse obtains, and the married men throughout all the other periods exceed in number the married women. In reference to aged persons, we find 383 married males and 224 females between 70 and 75 years old, 124 males and 65 females between 75 and 80, and C 9 males and 14 females still married at " 80 yean and upwards." Taking all the other municipalities (ex cept Adelaide), we find within their limits 2,406 married men and 2,589 married women ; in the " rural districts," 22,341 married men and 22,337 married women. In pastoral districts not included in any county there are 834 men and 548 women married; connected with shipping, 123 married men and 19 married women; and in the Northern Territory there ware, when the census was taken, April 2,1871, 80 married men and 11 married women. As before stated, the numerous tables included in these returns give the results of the census for an immense number of separate local districts, but we content ourselves with the principal aggregates. OCCUPATIONS OF THE PEOPLE. Another portion of Mr. Boothby's elaborate census statistics has just been laid before Parliament. It consists of tables showing the " Occupations of the People." Of the 185,626 persona consti tuting the population of the colony at the date of the taking of the census, 119,201 persons are unclassified as regards " oc cupations," consisting chiefly of females following no fixed avocation, and chil dren of both sexes. The balance, con sisting of 66,425 persons, are thus grouped :—Commerce, trade, and manu factures, 20,367 ; mining, 3,338; agri cultural, horticultural, and pastoral pur suite, 24,536 ; laborers (branch of labor undefined), 5,013; domestic servants, 7,234 ; learned professions, fine arts, literature, &c.;, 2,220; officers of general and local government, 1,495 ; maintain^*! at the public cost, 944; miscellaneous pursuits, 735; persons of independent ■?«"?, 543. These figures are sub divided and analysed in a variety of ways by the Superintendent of Census, from which we learn that there are 11,128 farm laborers and servants; 8,531 fanners; 2,500 shepherds and other station hands ; 3,338 engaged in various mining pursuits ; and 393 squatters and graziers. There are 2,057 clerks and persons engaged in shops ; 1,786 builders and persons employed in connec tion with the building trade; 1,682 blacksmiths and persons engaged in the iron trade; 1,439 tailors, shoemakers, and hatters; 1,200 storekeepers and dealers; 1,173 masons, and persons engaged in kindred trades; 1,108 car riers and lightermen; 927 seamen and stewards ; 867 gardeners ; 791 male domes tic servants ; 493 vehicle and implement makers; 405 teachers; 299 cabinet makers, and persons engaged in kin^""* trades; 204 merchants and importers; 123 physicians, surgeons, oculists, and dentists; 123 architects, engineers, sur veyors, and draughtsmen; 99 lawyers and conveyancers. Then as to the occupations of females, we find that there are 6,443 domestic servants; 1,552 dressmakers, milliners, and taaoresses; 803 teachers; 344 farmers; 170 assistants in shops; and 161 storekeepers and dealers. In several instances the combinations are very curious, and it is dMB<—l* to see upon what principle the compiler has acted. We may mention that " printers" are combined with " coopecs ;" " brick makers" with "road sad railway la borers,;' '< bankers 1' with " auctioneers;" and "soapboilers" with "charcoal burners." ? V.— SANITATION. DIPHTHERIA AT FORT UKOOUL The lengthy report of Dr. Phillips on his visit to Port r«wwl M) to investigate the origin and progress of diphtheria there, will, we """fi"***. be a aaficM?t justification of the Government in dis patching him on such a mission. The ordinary leputls of the latagas of the disease, given in the daily newspapers, were quite enough to show that a vary frightful scourge had visited the locality, to meet which the resident medioal akiU appeared to be insufficient. The fiat idea was to send the Colonial Surgeon to Port Lincoln, but s* that pwltnww m Superintendent of the Lunatic Asrlasaa, as well as Colonial Surgeon, he could not be spared from Adelaide without serious inconvenience. A capable subside ap pears to have been found in Dr. FhOUns, who seems to have gone thoroughly into his work, and from his mjsslu^sntnpurt there is no difficulty in tracing the origin and progress of the disease. The report, which has been laid before Parliament, contains Dr. Peterson's in structions to Dr. Phillips, in which he was directed as to the points mm espe cially requiring his attention. He was to look at the precise nature of the epidemic; the special causes which have operated to render it so fatal; and to devise effectual remedial measures to pmwtmt irimilay In— of life in the future. He was also re quested to have in writing with Govern ment officials instructions—(l) As to local treatment, if the disease ware found to be diphtheria; and (2) as to constitutional tEeatment. At the ffvift time, he was instructed to leave remedies capabJi? of easy application by unprofessional people in central parts of the diwtrirt, such remedies to consist of those suitable for local application, and those suitable for constitutional treatment. These instruc tions were very clearly pat baton Dr. Phillips, and be ippea to have earned them out to the letter. On arriving at Port lincolo, Dr. Phillips directed hit attention fiat of all to discover the outbreak of the «*■■««« The first link in the chain of evidence he obtained was the death of a, Mrs. White and two children at a place called The Swamp, so far back aa last December. It became interesting to discover whether or not the disease was originated by any causes which could be fairly attributed to the locality. Hie doctor found, however, that there were no local causes sufficient to account for the origin of the dinrew). " The house was situated on the elope of a bilL All the room* appeared to have thorough ventilation, and were uncommonly clean. The privy was placed some distance from the house, down a gentle incline ; the well of water. for drinking purposes being much nearer the house, and on higher ground." The first appearance of the disease was about a week after Mrs. White—who had re cently arrived from Adelaide in good health—engaged a servant at Port Lin coln, whose brother was ill, andsubse qnently died. The two children died of throat dineanf>, and the mother, who was suffering from the same fliwuafm, was re moved to Port Lincoln to the house of a Mr. Stacey, where die also died about 24 hours after her arrival then. A boy named Cole, brother to Mrs. White's aervantjhad been engaged as ostleratMr. Swafier's HoteL "He entered the aer i vice September 25. On the 2nd Augusta Mrs. Gill, with two children, arrived at this hotel from the Upper Murray. The children, before alluded to, barely re covered from diphtheria, whilst four bad already succumbed to the complaint whilst on their journey. Shortly after coming to the inn, Mr. SwanWa chil dren had sore throat*. (Vile was in the habit of playing with the children. On the liVth of October he was taken ill with dijihtheriaof a rery severe character, affecting not only the throat, but also the nasal passages. He liugcred fur several weeks, and died <* paralysis of the muscles of deglutition." l Tj? to this point the evidence seems clear. Mrs. flail and her family, travelling from the Upper Murray, brought with them to Port Lin coln malignant diphtheria. Four children died on the journey, and two were diseased on arriving at Swaffer's Hotel. Swaffer's children showed symptoms of the disease in a mild form. Young Cole was employed at the hotel and was accus tomed to play with the children. He was taken with the diseaw, and his sister appears to have carried it to Mrs. White's home at Hie Swamp. Mrs. White, as we have stated, came to Pott Lincoln and died in the boose of Mr. Stacey on December 28. Some time after Stacey'b child died of the tune complaint. The children of Mr. CoY, the Park Lands Ranger, visited at the Staceys\ took the disease, and one of them died. Mr. Cole brought his child to the house of Mr. Anderson, of Port Lincoln, to be near medical advice, whereupon Mr. Anderson's four children sickened of the disease, sad two of them died. A girl named Weare, who was in the habit of visiting Stacey's house, whilst sickness was there, went to live at Joseph Provisos, Titeeka Station, four or five miles north of Port Lincoln, when Mrs. Provisand members of her family caught the disease, and her daughter died. A, boy acting as shepherd also caught the disease and died. John McCallum, one of the unfortunate family whose ease first directed attention to the plague, was residing with this household. He received the infection and died. His father and mother came from their station at Chunionie, some 40 miles inland, and nursed him previous to his death. A few days after retorning to their station their other children were seizsd, and in a few days three of them died; subse quently five more succumbed to the frightful disease, and out of a family of eleven only three were left. We have been careful in quoting the progress of the disease from Dr. Phillips'* report, be cause it show?, beyond all doubt, that the malady spread by infection or contagion. In every instance where it broke out H can be traced back to the source from which it originated. For anything that appears, no predisposing causes either invited or encouraged the «w As to the reasons why the mortality has been so great, Dr. Phillips fixes opon the delay which occurred in applying proper remedies. Where these wets used promptly the fatality was not so great. Another reason assigned foribe spread of the disease is the notion which exists very widely that the malady is not infectious; but to disabuse the minds of the people on this point, Dr. Phillips had the following notice exhi bited in a prominent form through the district:—" The highly contagions cha racter of diphtheria renders it a positive doty on the part of the inhabitants of this locality to nse every effort in their p-vwerto prevent the further spread of the malady; and, in fartheranee of this object, it will be imperatively imiiisshij to cause the sick to be only visited by those who are appointed to wait on thorn At sime time, if possible, all the children of the family must be sent away fora period ; should this be impossible, keep them as far from the aide room as dr eumstances wOI permit.'' The "gaKaleoDctanm" which Dr. Phillip* draws from die facts that came under hit oUwmliuu, or from what be karat while at Poet lincoln, am—tint die disease has been in the locality since last August; that it was impacted into die district, and has spnad by contagion from one family to another; that it may lie latent in the conaUUiUon for a long time before it is fully developed ; and that it increases in tntenaity and fatality aa it makes progress. Before leaving the district, Dr. PhOtim left full and dearly written prescriptions for the trmfwtant of the disease, birth ex teraally and «■■? til ill kmilly. ao dot, in the abaenoe of proper Medial aid, any ordinarily intelligent perm a^tnt. pan and apply the mrdiriam Tables are appended to the report, showing the modes of trmtmmt adapted by Dim. HamawaJ and fitoaman, with the re sult* ; aad a. list of the deada occurring from the dismw is given free* the omcial doevments of the Dam* Registrar of Hinder*. OUUTCI. We ham aw wish to be alamuaU on the anbject of amalhwr, bmt the fact of the mtrodaction of this virulent diaeaae into Victoria onght at least to lead to the That* can be no doubt that if the diaaaae ware once to get a footing on oorahoras it would ran like wfldfire amnanat the paopla, anlias the Owu—int aduytud tha aaoat atnagant and cxpaajanv aaaa avwi to iaolaU tke ant cwthnt ap peared. We coaae to Has eaaaiaa?on, beeaoae we fear, from all Oat we can kwa, that the lav mnjiiiiiig vaaenaataan is to abuse extent* dead letter. Tbera ii ah?obtaiy bo aawaa of kaovnaj winner paE*VB vhb mnjiMMm^ moe am turmvuij cmj owl w tMr. vi com the medial protwainw do what they c— in thb Batter, and take care that tha chSdnti wfaoat they bring into the world are vaccinated within the i«|iiiian tiaM. Bat a. large anaaber of children aaake fluir appeagaacewithont the igtoryuliuai or of ABooguH?d. fTaatrtrfrifT**—j 4iSid in radi ciiriiwriMinfli cnlr flw panada* sense of responaibflitr aSords die least aacarity for die of their children. Many parents, however, are very ignorant on the question, and odten ate indifferent about it. The re aott, therefore, is that die law is, to a. great ertent, disobeyed; and dus fact would make a visitation of smallpox a terrible and fatal calamity. There is no fact in medical aevweeaoore firmly established Oum ttaty^r?initionia a wonderful safeguard against die virulence of amaDpox. The evidence of doctors of die liijj*i««t attainments and reputation is flondnaJTO on tiaia point; but tint is not aIL Facts are on record showing, beyond all doubt, diat where vanrination haa been generally resorted to die ravages of this flisreao are reduced to die pwnimn— We have often quoted theme facts and statistic* in oar columns, and diey re «iv« further confirmatioD year by year. The present duty of die people, dma, appeoza to be to ace thai all die mamben of their fc™n^?« who have not been vac cinated .should ondergo die operation at oaoe. Aa a rule, it is perfectly hiiinUm We know diat attempts have been made by some half a dozen dtird or fourth-iate medical practitioffeer? in to frighten die people by all aorta of horrible stories about the transfusion of die aeeds of frightful forms of disease by means of vacciitatien for amaOpox. It is said diat with die vaccine lymph subtle and poi sonous diseases are introduced into healthy familial, which render their future lives miserable. *{«"£ dteae absurdities we can .only oppose die testimony of men who take chief rank in die medical pro fession, "iir*rtiin «*"nt wav ntwmm nor experience gives die slightest conwte naoce to aucfa a notion. There is not • mfriical man in England of recogniaed cnunence who is not in favor of vaccimv tioo, or WBohoUa dial poisonoos aeeda of disease may be transfused into die ayatemof a healttiy enfld by vaccination. All die evidence in favor of vaccination diat can be required to justify and render it imperative haa been supplied by the experience of die last hundred yaaza, ao that it is too late in die day now to ques tion its efficiency m a preventive of small pox. Our Government have done all ttwy can fairly be expected to do with refe rence to die question in dlis colony. They have given orders diat steamers coming from Melbourne shall not be allowed to come np to Port Adelaic until Dr. Duncan, the Health Office' has visited them and given them pratiqu We do not know that more is require than this at present. As far as we ca see, there is no reason to require passei gem from Victoria to go into qnanniir unless unmistakable symptoms of tl disease have appeared amongst them. J is well to be cautious, but our cautio should not interfere with the freedom < trade, until a serious case really arise This ia not the first time tho dread < smallpox has excited the fears of th rple here ; but the precautions take the Gorernment have hitherto bee sufficient to prevent the landing of pai aengen from the other colonies whos presence amongst us might have intrc ducedthe disease. We believe that a strict enforcement c the vaccination laws woold be of nine more value than any quarantine regnla tions. Vaccination is known to be, if no an entire preventive of smallpox, a cLeci on its virulence and fatality. It is better therefore, to be armed against it if i should visit us than to try by quarantuu laws to keep it out. Our quarantine regulations could apply only to Port Ade bude, bat there is nothing to prevent th< introduction of the disease overland. \V< have an admonitory instance of this ii the report of Dr. Phillips as to the intro duction of diphtheria into the Port Lin coin district. There the disease was cvi dently brought down overland from thi Upper Murray, and there would b< nothing in the establishment of quaran tine at the Fort to prevent smallpox coming in the same way. Vaccination ii the onlypreventive, and the best antidote. It becomes a question, whether, in view of the possible visitation, it would not be wise to have, at the present time, a gene zal vaccination of the whole ooin^'iiMty. Many medical men tell us that the opera tion should be performed periodically on the same subjects. It can do no harm, and it may do much good. At any rate, one thing is evident; those parents whe have, from thoughtless indifference, neg lected to have their children vaccinated, ought not to lose another day before having the operation performed. The matter is made easy enough. Govern ment vaccinators are found in every dis trict in the colony, who will vaccinate children free of charge to the parents. There can be, therefore, no excuse for the omission of the operation. We have already called attention to the means necessary to be taken to prevent the introduction of smallpox into this colony. The question was brought up in the Assembly on Friday, and discussed with a just appreciation of the greatness of the danger to which we are exposed. We do not know that we have much more to say than what we have already pub lished. The most pressing question at the present time is the necessity for en forcing the law requiring vaccination. We are more than ever convinced that tiiis law is systematically set at nought by parents, either from ignorance or in difference. If some means, therefore, could be adopted by which parents could be required under penalties to have their offspring vaccinated, we should be fully armed against the plague, even if it were to reach us. Some eighteen months ago we commented on a despatch sent out to this colony by Lord Kimberley, showing the results of a general system of vacci nation in Ireland; but as the Government have thought fit to republish this de spatch in the Gaxtte, we give it below in fou, as a further contribution toward the discussion of the subject:— Dowmng- strar, 17th October, 1870. Sir—ln his circular despatch of the 3rd September, 1867, the Duke of Buckingham and Obando..eommunic&tel; to yon, tor the con sioVrstJon of your Government, a copy of the Imperial Act, 30 and 31 Victoria, cap. B*, for anf ffwf*Mf And 4MrTn tAIM*-*ing the law reutnig to vaoeination in England. It is well known that that Act was enacted for England in view of the very remarkable cucc&sa; which h*d attended the sjsteiu of compulsory vaccination intro duced Into Ire'and by Sir Robert Peel's Act of 1883\. Since the date of the Duke of Bucking ham.** despatch, the progress made ia stamping out smallpox in Inland ha? baen atill more re mxrkaMethaa in previous yean; and I think It may 1m wall to pat yon in poiietrion of the faeta of the whole caie. In the year 1851, an Act of Parliament was paawd, etUed "The Medical Charities Act {[refaad). 1851," by which it was made part of the ottaal duty of every Dispensary Medical Officer in Ireland to vaccinate (gratis) all persona cmbtg to him or brought to him for that pur pose. In the ten yuan previous to the paving of tUa Act, the deaths from smallpox in Irelan 1 bad averaged 3,800 a-year; in the seven yean •nb.eqn.nt to the Act, from 1851 to 1857, they attiased about 1,600 a-year. Ia 1858 Lord Mayo earned through Parlia ment an Act providing that the Poor Taw Mrflhml Officer, should receive a gratuity of la. for every successful vaccination performed. Owing to the impetus given to vaccination by this latter Act the deaths from smallpox, in the years from 1858 to 1863, did not average more than 1,000 a year. On the lat January, 1864, oommwinwl the operation of the Aetof 1863, wfaioh rendered vaccination compulsory, and which, it should bs observed, continued the provision in lord Maya's Act, whereby the —?■«—J aHljen had been given a pecuniary in tanstiattMeffiaieneyof the «j«te(n they were cafledon to administer. The effect of the Act of 1863 is stamping oat small-pox ia ahown by the following table of death, resulting from that taw ia tha yean sines its enactment :— 1884 ... .« ... — 854 death. law 347 *• 1866 .. ... 187 " 1867 .- .- 20 " USB 19 " 1888 1 death.' The man who died in 1869 tut Swedish sailor, who came to Ireland with the disease alreadyon him. Ia 1870, as far a* the returns have been as iwilsitiil. only one man has died of smallpox, and oafly 48 ease, of it have have been Ihsilinl. andof then 32 are referable to conta gion imported from WngTanrt, Scotland, and Norway; and in no case of outbreak did the diaasae become epidemic. The Poor Law Commisrionpr* for Ireland give it a. their experieno?. that whilst it is on doobtedly the caw that vaccination does not in every instance reader the person vaccinated proof against the disease, yet it doei so in a vary lane proportion of eases; and when the •Unas* does attack those who have bean vaori- Bated, it come, in a modified form, and ia far lea. fatal, a. wOl be perceived from the following tabu, whish has been oompiled by Mr. Biaum, Medical Offioar of the English Privy Oouncu, TaUa showing the proportion of cases of mall. pox ending fatally amongst person* wholly un raantnafaJ, and person more or lea eminently vaeeteatod:— tfefc Gbsal. tfavafisinated 351 Otaes 2. Stated to have been vaccinated, but bearing no vaccine aear 21 das. X Having one vaccine sear .„ ... 7 Otaa.4. Having two vaccine scan 4 Class &. Having three vaeeine scar* ... 1 Glass 6. Having four or more scan I Bead only further observe that theeffloen working of * compolsnry Vaccination Act must be wholly dependent on aa efficient registration of births. Such sneoau ai has been attained in Ireland ewnet be looked for if any appreciable anmbar of the infant population are left un vaoonated; and thi. cannot be guarded against males* the registration of births is as nearlj perfect aa may be. In Ireland Parliament haa atone the utmost that can be done to pnveni anythmg of the kind, by combining the dntisj o?Rqp%ar with those of Medical Officer and PnbUs Vaednator; those who have a pecuniar] interest is the extension of vaccination beint Cans pai ia a position to know of every case in which it may be performed. Tor will communicate this despatch to th< FrfifiiT-*-*- of tha colony under your govern' •sent, at the same time bringing the Act for warded to you by the Dnke of Buckingham again, under its notice, unleu the colony haj already adopted the compulsory system; but in any ease it wul be useful that the remarkabb fast, as regards smallpox in Ireland should bt made pubUely known. I have, 4c, KntBBELST. The OCoer Administering the Government of South Anstralia. ? VL—BBLIGIOUS. COUVDCOBAtrION OF THE OON3ECRA TKMTTO THBKFISCOPATE OFBISHOI gHOBT. AND PBESEKIATION TO HB WBOBHIP. X s«rvio* in oommemoraUon of the 25U ...l«r«T of thaeanseerattonto the Epuco rSlfthe Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Di Sovt) was held in Ohrtrtchnreh, North Ade laide, oa Friday evening-, June 28, the Bye a JhV?e-t of St Peter. There was a large congregation, thecburd bitWmvwded in every part Hi. ExoeUene; SrSassc. Fergnaxm, attended by Mr. 3. A Fargusasn (Private Secretary), wm nreaen^ an. £arVwM a Urge attendance of the clergy. . The service, which began with Choral Even Smg, wss principal] v conducted by the Bey. Canon Dove. After the song, The Yen. Arehdesco i (the Key. O. Marryal) preached t'i« sermon v i Psalm cxziL _following v <>rars: -'Pi ay for the peace of •Tetusalem ; fli-y shall prosper that love thee. Peace be will.iv thy walls, and plenteonaneas within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions* sakes, I will now say, peac within thee. Yea, because of the Lord our God, t will seek to do thee good," He said- It ia a great blessing to be capable of & high and holy impulse; to act for the time as the spirit prompt! in kindness and liberality and ■elf-denial, without any appeal to reason, and on j so other grounds than the instantaneous flash of an approving conscience. It was thus that stint* of old in many cues showed their devotion. There was that in them that responded at once to the touch of the Spirit of God. They acted right'y, and did good spon taneously. Not leas is the blessing derived from the retrospect of what is thus done when we find our reason agrees with, our conscience approves of, the impulse, and is grateful for the inspiration which has perhaps carried us beyond our ordinary selves. It is, I wonld hope, with some f,uch feelings as these that we are now met together. Following a good impulse, we have resolve I to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the consecration of the first Bishop of the Diocese. Let us hope that on reflection we ■hall find that what we have done is, in God's providence, more than we intended—that in thinking of the past we are providing for the future ; that by oar progress and action on this Ere of St. Peter's the hands of our Bishop may be strengthened to rale and feed the sheep and lambs of the fold ; and that the paitoral staff which is to be presented to him may be like the rod in the hands of Moses—the symbol ef that divine power which released God's people from slavery. Certainly this anni versary, small comparatively as it may be in itself, is significant of great thought both in the past and future for tUe Bishop and for outselves. The preacher then alluded to the state of the Church in the colonies at the time of the consecration of the first four colonial bishops in Westminster Abbey 25 years ago, and to its growth in South Australia since that time. The Church had, thanks to the cffoits of that noble Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, aided by the liberality of that lady whne name was in all the Churches, fairly entered upon the foundation of those numerous colonial bishoprics in all parts of the world. She had, to use the language of Dollinger, "as much outwardly extended as inwardly strengthened herself." To be the chief pastor «t a diocese numbering thousands, who, while they respected authority, claimed the utmost freedom of conscience, was no doubt • high honor. To be in its full sense the founder of this Diocesan Church was no doebt a still higher honor. The Saxon Church had many eminent Bishops, but only one St. Angus tine. The Archdeacon then addressed himself more particularly to the clery. stating this was * day of deep rejoicing, and praying that it might be one of special outpouring of the Spirit upon them. They should feel joyful at the occasion, but not make it a subject for idle bout They should rather let their thoughts nerve them to increased diligence, more earnest study t aadmorefrequentprayer,thatbyChristian grace tfiey might be enabled to carry on more effectually -the work -of Christ's Gospel. Lay men, too, should feel stirred up by this solemn occasion, for they, too, had a vocation and ministry. The Church was a body in which no one member was useless. Let one and all see that they fulfilled their parr, bearing their share of the burden. In conclusion he ob served that all present on that occasion should strive earnestly to take an active and prayerful part in the joint labor which belonged to the Bishop, clergy, and laity in common. The Very Key. the DBAN (the Key. A. E. Bussell) then presented to His Lordship a hand some pastoral staff, and an address, of which Utter the following is a copy : — "To the Bight Bey. Augustus, by Divine per mission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " We, you faithful Clergy and Laity, desire on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your Lordship* consecration to the Episcopal Office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared you to long to occupy your place as Chief Pastor of this Diocese. During a quar ter of a centu y you nave maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, * ministry of various sod most unwearied labor. The contrail between the present condition of our Church in South Australia and what it was in 1817, affords abundant and substantial proof that your labor has 'not been in vain in the Lord.' Instead of the four clergy of 1817, we have now 38; and instead of the five original Churches, there are now 67, beridei school rooiis and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of tout best fellow-workers. You now miss from your side some men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready co-operation you found your heart lightened of its constant burdea of oare. In the roll of our clergy some Barnes can no longer be found which were most highly honored in the earlier as well as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine voice which called them to 'come up higher,' and among the laity in our various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for come trusty comrades and advisers, especially of those belonging to the energetic band of early colonists. They have gone before, as we trust, to make ready to welcome us when our torn comes to 'gohenca.' Thus, during your episcopate, new and holy links of sympathy have been formed between the members of the Church here on earth and the blessed company of the faithful in Heaven. It is with feelings of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent grati tude concerning them that have 'fallenasleep.' that we belisva you will join with us in the re trospect of a history bo full of sacred meaning and interest "Congratulating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to your diligent fulfilment in the midst ef h? congregation, of the miwiwfa^timi^ specially appertaining to the office of Chief Pastor; but, above all, we con template you as the head of the whole Diocese —as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other Orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how per severingly you have labored to assign to them their proper sphere of influence and duty. Ton hare not been content to be ' a lord over us,' but have called us to take our proper part n the general work of helping you to ' set in order 1 all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, survive as the best monument of your Episcopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Home Mission Funds, and led to the «?«t*m<|^l"T wlt on & satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund. Tour Lotdihipwaicvlled to the charge of the Dio cese, in whichyou had to contend with peculiar, and what must have aeenred at the tome, un exampled difficulties. But you have effectually vindicated the Church from the reproach of being unable to do its work except in depen dence oa State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this Diocese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all matters affecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. Hew folly the laity have recognised this, they have prsctioally shown, in iJie establish ment of a Ghnroh of ytngi^ti^ Endowment So ciety, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to ttw Synod in its attempt! to give permanency to «?T{«*nig ministrations. As another evidence of the spirit of 00-eperation thus created, it has been yeur Lordship's happiness to live to see the walls of your Cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be completed, by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some por tion of it to the holy uses for which it is de signed. "This review of your Episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an educa tion at onoe Christian in its spirit, and duly respecting the consciences of others. The noblest result of this is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which, under its praent Principal and able staff of Masters, has taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. ** Last of all, suffer us to say that the Church over which you preside has, mainly through your efforts, attained a singular privilege, inas much as it has formed an institution now self supporting for the Christianization of the native population; whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest places in the bush. Such ministrations have extended in the South-East to the Vic torian border ; in the West to Streaky Bay: and in the North to the dittriets lying within with 'Mount Bemarkable and Fort Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only prepared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again sup plied the place of the missionary clergy when some stress of drcumstanoes had occasioned their temporary withdrawal. In the same ■pint, in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily inwilAnt to life in our larger towns, you, in the work of the Female Befuge and other benevolent institutions, set an example which good Christiana of different <* n>wr<" "But, not any longer to dwell on particulars, it must be matter of deep thanlrfnlnmn to every mnmhai- of our Church that in our first Bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so long a term of life, and whs, through bis whole episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apos tslis injunction—'Feed the flock of God, a much as in you lies, taking the oversight not bj constraint, but willingly.' "It does not become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and official proceedings; but the act in which we are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you hive fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of those words of St Peter. We thank God for you, and with you, that your snemMed clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of the Feast of St Peter, unite with a clear mind, and with grateful feelings, in such a de claration. We trust that you may still be spared for a long time to maintain your place under 'the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock «f God.' "And we pray you to accept from us, as a visible sign of our filial reverence, and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. " Wo are, your Lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. For the subscribers, "A. Bossell, "Chairman of the Committee." His Lordship, in acknowledging the presen tation, said— This pastoral staff, with which you, my bretbieo. of the clergy and laity, have been pleased to honor my service of 25 years in the , episcopate, is an emblem of the office and duties of a Biahoi. cot less expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts the thoughts from earth to Heaven ; and thence carries them back to the wilderness of thi* world, in which the flock of Christ, purchased with His own blood, the Bpecial objects of God's care, is still wander ing. It speaks, therefore, ''to the inner ear devout" of faithfulness to the Chief Shepherd ; of self-sacrifice, of love and tender care ; of vigilance and boldness in defence of His sheep, for vrbim He laid down His life; of the " ready mind to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy lucre, or that more subtle sin, the love of power, and dominion over God's heritage. This staff, then, is the symbol of a respon sibility awful in its nature, and vast in its ex tent It is a teacher, not of pride, but humility; not of boasting, but self-abasement; not of humw strength, but carnal weakness; not of self- reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your handf. None know better than your selves that '■ it in a small thing to be judged of man's judgment" I accept it, nevertheless, as a token of your good will. If, to use the lan guage of our Ordination Service, I have been among you as "a shepherd, not a wolf;" if I have fed and not devoured the flock; if I have in any messare "holdenup the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken ; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the lost," I thank Cod in this b'ioM ; and I pray that " the blood of souls," perhaps, through my negligence, " Lost to be found no more," may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is difficult indeed to be "so mer ciful as sot to be too remiss; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy." It only remains, therefore, that I should ask your prayers, and the prayers of this congrega tion, as well as of the " brethren" in the diocese at large, that "our merciful Father may so endue" me to the end of my day* *' with the Holy Spirit;" that preaching His word I may be eami st to reprove, beseech, and rebuke, with all patience and doctrine; and also be to such as believe a wholesome example in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. That so ful filling my course, I may at the latter day m ceive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and th? Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. After the To Deum had been sung, prayer was offered by HU Lerdship, who then ad vanced to the front of the dais, and, with the staff in his hand, pronounced the benediction, whij?. the proceedings closed. The service throughout was most interesting, and very im pressive. The singing was certainly admirable. Mr. G. Oughton efficiently presided at the har moniui?. The offertory was in aid of the Cathedral Fund. The pastoral staff, from Mr. Steiner's jewel lery establishment, in Bundle- street, is of Gothic derigo, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is of blackwood, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of the crook is a silver figure of St Peter, having in his hands the keys and the Word. Lower down are the crossed keys—one of gold and tile other of silver; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscrip tion :—" A. Adelaide. The gift of hie faithful clergy and laity. St Peter's Day, 1872." Part of the silver is colonial, and the effect of the workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which are set in it, including amethysts, topazes, and garnets. The staff iray be un scxewed, and placed in a handsome" w^T case, which was made by Messrs. Mayfield It Son. Upon the cover of the cas-, above the hmdl^, is a silver cross, and belosr a shield, with." A. Adelaide" inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and the design has been admirably carried out by Mr. Steiner. THE BETHLEHEM LUTHERAN CHUBCH, FUfcDEKS-STHEET. The opening services connected with the above newly ereo'ed and handsome church were conducted on Sunday, June 23. At 10 o'clock the Lutheran ministers ascended the steps in front of the Church. A short prayer having been delivered, a hymn was sang by the choir, after which the Bey. P. J. Oster, of Kosenthal, delivered an address to a large assemblage of hearers in front of the Church, the words chosen as the basis of his remarks being "I was glad when (hey said unto me, let us ge into the House of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem.''—Psalm cxxii., verses 1, 2. Having referred to the services connected with tins laying •f the foundation-stone of the building, he con gratulated the congregation upon the fulfilment of their desire in having a suitable edifice in which to conduct divine worship. The occasion, he said, was an important one for his German fellow-colonists, who were about to enter the building and assemble therein for divine wor ship. The edifice, by the blessing of God, had been erected without accident to those who had worked on it The duty and honer bad fallen to him to open the church door—thus enabling its congregation to assemble and hold the first divine service within its walls. After remarking briefly upon the principles of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, the key of the church was presented to him by one of the Wardens, and the rev. gentleman opened the door of the building in the name of le Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost He then entered the church, the assemblage follow ing, and the organ playing till the congregation was seated. The Key. C. A. F. Strempel, of Hahndorf, then delivered a short address, ex pressive of thankfulness to Almighty God for blessings which had been vouchsafed unto the Church, after which he offered an appropriate prayer, and conducted a brief serviceat the altar. The dedication sermon was then preached by the Bey. Mr. Heidenrioh, from Bey., chap, xxj., verses 1-5. In alluding to the success which had attended the building of the church, he gracefully acknowledged the liberality shown by both English, and German colonists through out the land, and then spoke of the duties of tiu congregation and'the customs to be observed in the church. A collection realised £26 17s. 7d. The afternoon service was conducted in Eng lish. The church was crowded, and the con gregation comprised a large attendance of repre sentatives fromthe various Evangelical Churches in the city. The Rev. Chr. O. Teushelmann conducted the service, and delivered an address. He observed that the opening of a building like that in which they were met for public divine worship—the dedication of a house of prayer— could not otherwise but be an occasion of joy and pleasure unto them, as even in ordinary Ufa it gave them pleasure when ooming into possession of a nice comfortable dwelling- house, after having lived perhapi for years in a primi tive colonial style. As it was quite lawful to strive after a comfortable dwelling, it was also just and becoming to their Christian, profession that they should exert themselves to raise nice and comfortable buildings in. which to meet as fellow Christians, there to worship God, and to offer up unto Him their united prayers and sup plications; and after having thus realised the desire of their hearts, to be glad and rejoice, fie still remembered how, at the com mencement of the colony, they had to csntent themselves with places for public worship built of broad palings and suchlike materials, and that the first German sermon was preached in a broad-paliag church. But those times were past If they would yet neglect to erect goodly buildings for rfceirpublic Christian worship, God might well say to them, as he once said to Israel of old, "Is it time for you, Ore, to dwell in your ceiled houses, and this house lie waste?" after God for 36 yean had showered down upon them the blessings of Heaven and opened unto them the treasures of the earth. It was true they might even err in that direction, as Israel did when they said, "The temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord are these," trusting more in their outward worship than in God's mercy through Christ; drawing nigh unto God with their lips, whilst their heart was far from Hun. However, they ought not merely to rejoice in seeing another temple for divine worship raised and added to the number they already possessed, but they ought more par ticularly to ba grateful to the giver of all good and perfect gifts that He had granted the desire of His servants, and enabled them by assistance to complete that house thus far, and that thereby an additional, though but external, proof had been given that God and His Christ was still believed in and honored in South Aus tralia as their God and Saviour. Might God in His mercy prosper and bless with all heavenly and spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus every one who had brought a free-will offering towards building that house of prayer, and might nothing be preached within its walls but repentance towards God, faith in the name of Jesus Christ unto remission of sins, and sanotifi cation through the Spirit He then read as the text of an earnest discourse the words—"To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious; ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable unto God by Jesus Christ" —L Peter, ii. eh., 4 and sv. Having pointed out the intimate union and communion of God with the believer, and of the believer with God, he remarked that as believers in Christ, they were appointed and destined to be built into a spiritual house—a habitation of God—through continually coming unto Christ; building their hope and tout upon Htm for pardon and forgive ness of their sins and acoeptance with God for their sanctiGcationjand meetness for Heaven, and for their final redemption and admission, to glory. If they were living stones indeed, then they ought in all humility to cement themselves, by practical love and forbeat.iuee, to each other, and as a duty arising from their privilege in having been made and consecrated iv and through Christ an holy priesthood, they ought to offer up spiritual sacrifices to Gol acceptable through Christ. He then spoke of tbe kind and nature of some of the spiritual sacrifices ami offerings which God expected of each in dividual believer, dwelling upon the importance of their united thank- offerings and praisis being Rtven for what He had done merely in this colony for the spread and maintenance of His puro Ojspel, and pointing out how much more availing would their united prayers and supplications be for the extermination of in fidelity, priestcraft, superstition, and rational ism. Having concluded the address with a brief exhortation, the rev. gentleman offered an appropriate and comprehensive prayer, after which he pronounced the benediction. A hymn was then sung, and the service terminated. In the evening the Bey. Mr. Oster preached an able sermon from St. Luke, chap, xis., verses 1-4. The total proceeds from the three services amounted to £G6 2s. 7d. The building has a very handsome appear ance, both inside and externally, and ranks amongst the most pleasing designs of our ecclesiastical edifices. We understand the gas fittingi were a gift from Mr. H. L. Votz , and that the'silver vessels nse.l in the administration of the Sacrament were generously given by Mr. Steiner, of Bundle-street. Too organ, an ex ceedingly rich-toned instrument, and which was purchased from and built by Sir. Wolffe, was presided over by Mr. J. C. Hansen, the choir being under the efficient leadership of Mr. C Puttmann. It is intended to place in the bellfry three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon taken from the French daring the late war, and presented by Prince Bismarck on behalf of the Emperor. The following is a description of the building, kindly supplied us by Mr. Camming, the archi tect:—Tho stile ef the building v Gothic, of an early period. The exterior is of dark rubble, with rusticated quoins and dressings of cement. The roofing is of slate, surmounted by a east-iron cresting. The principal entrance is in the centra of the front, and through a vesti bule under the tower; thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total leuth of the interior is 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling is 30 feet. The seats and other fittings are of cedar. At the farther end is a dais, on which are the altar and pulpit, which are of cedar, enriched with bronzed metal -work. A. gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this, on each side of the vestibule, is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear of the building is a hall, measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 11 feet in height. The church is lighted by lancet win dows at the sides, and rose windows over the gallery. The gas- lighting is chiefly by starlights, suspended from the ceiling. All the metal work and the principal gas-fittings are of Adelaide manufacture, from designs by the architect. Tbe church is designed to accommodate nearly 500 persons. At the back of the pulpit, and within an arched alcove, are written in German letters the words—"The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth"—Bomans, i., 1G ; and upon the cloth covering (lie Sacrament-table the following words are inscribed: —"Come, for all things are now ready"—Lnke, xiv., 17. The bell-tower and spire are of a Continental character, and rise to a total height of 118 feet from the ground. The contract has been satisfactorily carried out by Messrs. Brown. & Thompson at a total cost of about £3,200, exclusive of the foundations. THE BISHOP OF B ATHUBST ON AFFAIBS IN THE ADKLAIUK DIOOt SE. The announcement that the Bight Bey. Dr. Quin, Bishop of Bathurst, would, on Sun. day msraing, June 23, make a statement at the Boman Catholic Cathedral, with reference to tbe object of his visit, and that of the Bishop of Hobart T«wn, the Bight Bey. Dr. Murphy, to the colony, and the result of their investagations, attracted a crowded congrega tion. Dr. Quin delivered an able and a very clear discourse on the subject ef love to G«d, and loro to man. He showed that God should be loved, because He was the author of our being, and the source from whence pro ceeded all that contributed to our happiness; and becmse FT" bad commanded our love. Then every man was to love his neighbor, *?lritig the word in its most comprehensive signification, be cause he was made by God, and because such love should be the great characteristic ef Christianity. It was not sufficient to love those who were dear and gool, but all mankind must be loved, enemies in cluded, and then from the heart might be prayed—"Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive them who trespass against us." The cultivation of such love would develop itself in chat charity which '* auffereth long and is kind." The Bishop then went on to remark that they were aware another venerable ecclesiastic aad himself had been sent here by the Holy Father to investigate some little mis understanding which had taken place amongst the Catholic people of Adelaide, and he was sure they would appreciate, at its full value, the solicitude for their welfare so manifested by Pius IX. They knew the Holy Father was sur | rounded by internal and external difficulties— that he was a prisoner in his own palace, and yet with all his ores and troubles they found him casting a glance to this distant, bnt interest ing, portion of his flock; and as soon as he heard of the matters from which they suf fered he sent a 'message that an investigation should be made; and on this commission he had sent to them one of bis most trustworthy ser vants, with whose piety and disinterested zeal tile Holy Father was well acquainted. He re ferred to the Bight Bey. bishop of Hobart Town, who spent many long years in India, and had henot givensatisfacdon to the Holy Father, he would not have been appointed to the colo nies ; and since he had been in the colonies, and since attending the Vatican Council, he had raised himsplf still higher in the estimation of the. Holy Father. The rev. prelate was one of the most competent to do justice, and ene of the least capable of doing injustice, in the en quiry. He was disposed to think that many of , them misunderstood, or bad not an accurate idea of, die character of the statement he was about to make. They were not como to South Australia to decide, but had been sent simply to take evidence, and they had done bo with great assiduity and care—they had endeavored impartially to sift tbe matter to the bottom. The evidence taken they should send to the Holy See, and the Holy Father, having con sidered it, - would send back bis judgment. This, in reality, wss all he had to an nounce to them, and of this they might be certain—that the Holy Father would give them justice, and speedy justice. Of this they had evidence in that the Holy Father had been so quick in recognising troubles and steps for their relief. He should probably have said no more had it not been for one thing. When there was cncharitableness in a com- I munity—when that golden link that bound them to one another, and bound them all to God—when that was broken, man was left to himsnlf, and the result was that untruthful and exaggerated reports were circulated. When a man had not brotherly love he was capable of making the wildest acd most unfounded state ments. A matter that had indirectly come i under their notice, not being one of the matters about which they had visited the colony to make enquiries, was the foul and unmanly charges made against the Sisters of St. Joseph. Was there a man amongst them who, if he Baw the weaker sex attacked, would sot jump for ward to the assistance of the weak? Was there one amongst them who would not take and drag to pieces the re viler of the chastity of women ? Was it sot the chastity of woman that ennobled her? and to deprive her of chastity—was that not worse than death itself? They had Investigated this matter for more than three weeks, and not the faintest breath of anything calculated to defile these holy Sisters had reached th«m. From that altar, before God and before man. he said "These women are {■n)«m?iit;" and it would be for those who spread thejunfoundedandnnmanly reports to answer for what they had done at the bar of the Almighty. He felt that he was called upon to make this statement, because the charges—against the Sisters had got into the press, and had gone to the other colonies, and to America, and to Europe, and indeed all over the globe. This circumstance had led him openly to declare that there was nothing—not a breath-against the purity of tbe Sisters of St. Joseph. As he had said, this matter had nothing to do with what the Bishop of Hobart Town and himself had come to investigate ; and they should be betraying their trust if they made any statement with reference to the matters shout which they had come to make enquiries. Although the devil had sought to sow tares in this beautiful garden of the Church, they had been delighted by the con duct of the people. Nowhere had he seen more devotion, or the sacraments, under the circum stances, better attended than he had In Ade laide. And the Sisterhood of St. Joseph, the members of which had given up the world and had to beg their sustenance from door to door, was only another proof ef the piety and prac tical religion of the people of Adelaide. He would advise them to dismiss tbe matters which had distressed them from their minds, and say, "Thematters have been placed in other hands. We leave it to God that what is right may be done. We leave the matters for tbe decision of the great judge whom Christ has established in the earth, the Holy Father." Touching another matter, he might say that the general rule was that a Bishop named the person who was immediately after his death to take charge of tiiie diocese, but their late Bishop made no wflL The Council of Trent, however, had pro vided for such a contingency by conferring power upon the Archbishop to appoint a person to take charge of the diocese until the matter had gone before the Holy See. The Archbishop had appointed the Bey. Father Reynolds Administrator of the Diocese until the Holy See provided a Bishop. The Archbishop, in ap pointing the Bey. Father Reynolds, thought he was fit to take the management of the diocese; and they had had knowledge of the virtues of the rev. Father whose appoint ment they, with the powers given them, had confirmed. Father Beynolds would be their ocolpaJMtictil superior, to guide and counsel them until a Bishop was appointed by the Holy See ; and he had no doubt, now that telegraphic communication bad been established with Europe, iboy would very soon hear who it was that would he appoiutej their Bishop. Their duty was cluar and plain. Uuf-1 Father Key noldsV successor was appointed, they were bound to givo him implicit obedience. Th«y had labored for the last three weeks to bring them peace aiid happiness, and now he had to ask aa interest in their ?>rayors—that the Lo"g might give tliem wisdom and grace iv the future more effectually to labor for His glory. PRESENTATION TO BISHOPS OF HOB U2T TOWN AND BA.TIKJRST. An address from the Catholic laity of South Australia was presented to the Lord Bishop of Hobirt Town and to the Lord Bishop of Bathurct on Tuesday morning, at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. There wat a. moderate attendance, the following rev. gentlemen also being proMSnt: —Tiie Very Beys. C. A. Key. nolds (Administrate! of the Diocese). J. E. T. Woods, F. Byrne, J. Tappeiner, S.J., Dean Fitzgibbon, and ttevs. P. Corcoran and B. Nevin. Dr. Gonson in presenting the address, sail he need not tell their Lordships that he esteemed it a very high honor that the Catholics of Ade laide should have selected him to present, on' their bthvlf, the address which he was about to read. It was intended to express their respect and esteem for their vener able persons and their exalted anl sacred office, their gratitude for their zealous labors on their behalf, and their sincere wishes for their Lordships' temporal and spiritual wel fare. He then explained that, owing to a mis understanding as to the hour of presentation, the attendance, he was sure, was not as large as it would have been. He read the following address :— "To the Host Bey. Daniel, Lord Bishop of Hobart Town, and to the Mo*t Eev. Matthew, Lord Bishop of Bathurst, Com missaries Apostolic. '' May it please year Lordships— " We the uudersigned. Catholic laymen of the province of So itU Australia, respectfully tender to your Lordships our cordial and grateful thanks ou this occasion, "We are glad your patient and zealous labors in enquiring into the uuhappy mis understandings which have lately disturbed the harm my of our community have already been blessed with fruit. " We are deeply sensible of the testimony yon have borne to the piety and practical religion of the Catholics of Adelaide. " With you we are convinced that the pros perity of the Church and the spiritual welfare of ourselves and children can only be promoted by the hearty co-operation of the people with their legitimate pastors. "We are sure you will allow us this oppor tunity of proclaiming our devoted attachment to the illustrious Head of the Church, Pius IX., who, though surrounded by bitter enemies and oppressed by severe i rials and persecutions, has baen mindful «f bis.children in this distmt land. " We fervently pray your Lordships may be blessed for many long yean in the exercise of your Episcopal charges, Mid that tho Diocese may benefit largely by this your visit. " Imploring your Lordships' Apostolical blessing, we beg leave to subscribe ourselves your Lordships' mast faithful servants." [Here follow about 100 signatures. 1 The Bishop of Hobast Tews, in replying, said it was truly gratifying to him, and he was sure it was also to the Host Rev. the Bishop of Bathurst, to hear from their own lips that their labors in investigating the cuises of the nn happy ?"i«im«lti'l '''C that had disturbed the harmony of the Catholio community in South Australia had been productive of fruit. He was sure the laity of Adelaide were full of prac tical piety and zeal for the advancement of the Holy Catholic Church, of which they had ample testimony during their stay. He knew they would co-operate cordially with the clergy in restoring tranquillity and peace amongst them. There was no blessing to much to be desired as union amongst the flock, union amongst the clergy, and onion between both the clergy and the fl jck. It was by that means they would be showing themselves true disciples of Christ and living members of His mystical body. It was true their Holy Father, the illustrious and saintly Pius IX., was surrounded by difficulties, and that he had been sacrilegiously robbed of his pariinony, which was necessary to sop port the dignity of his position, and which was designed by Provided"*, in order to enable him to discharge the high functions of his oflfee as head of Christ's Ohnrcli on earth; it was also true that he wm a prisoner in his own palace, and that he cou'd hardly look out of its windows without seeing vice and impiety rampant in the streets of the city of Borne. It was likewise true that he had not forgotten his children in this distant land in the midst of those difficul ties, for as soon as he heard of the discord which disturbed this diocese, he appointed him self and the?isfaopof Bathurst to investigate the matter. They would lay before the Holy Father the res alts of their palisnt enquiries, and doubt less he would promptly apply the remedy. He trusted in the meantime that they would culti vate peace and charity in their midst, and he was sure it would console the benevolent heart of the Holy Father to learn that his efforts for the restoration of paaca and harmony in their midst was appreciated so highly as it was amongst the laity of Adelaide. He then thanked them for their very kind wishes and piayers for their welfare, and prayed God to I confer upon them and their families every t>lessing,teuiporal and spiritual. The Bishop of Bathdbst said he had not one word to add to the sentiments so well expressed by the Bishop of Hobart Town. He con curred iv them entirely, for His Lordship* I sentiments were quite in accord with his own. It would be a satisfaction, to them to know that from the first time that they invastdgated their trouble, the same cordiality and unanimity was recognised throughout. He thanked them very cordially for thj beautiful ad. dress. The peace and blessing of Gol would be with them if they cherished the sentiments embodied in it. In urging upon them tiie desirableness of a spirit of chaiily animating them, he said they must remember that any man or any individual who in the pre sent distracted state of the diocese committed any act that would hurt the feelings of his neighbor would be guilty of a crime, and would be thus giving power to the enemy of their bouls aad the enemy of the Catholic religion. HOME MISSION AND CONTINGENT FUND SOCIETf. The annual meeting of this Society was held iv the Archer-street Church on Wednesday evening, July 10. 1 here was a fair attendance. Mr. John Dunn, jun., occupied the chair. After devotional exercises, the report, of which the following is an abstract, was read: —In com mencing, the report referred with thankfulness to the increase in contributions during the past year—the amount received having been £1,000 —and a hope was expressed that the subscrip tions next year would reach the sum of £1,2(K). Allusion was made to the increased demand on the funds by the opening up of the new areas, and it was pointed out that there was no real increase in the pspulation of the olony. but simply a dispersion of those formerly settled in the older disricts to newer and remoter ones; and that this migration had weakened some of the old-established circuit*, whilst the new districts were too thinly peopled to be self supporting in relation to the settlement of ministers in their midst. The district meeting, in its annual councils, it was said, had hitherto promptly responded to every call from these new areas, but the ability of the district meet ing —both to sustain, present enterprises, and to meet future invitations—would depend entirely upon the support this fund received. The visits of the Chairman of the District to the country circuits during the past year, and the unremitting attention bestowed by him upon them, were adverted to in feeling terms, and it was mentioned that two students for the ministry, who were recommended by the last district meeting to receive special training, had been placed under the care and tuition of the President of the Prince Alfred College, and that their expenses would be chargeable upon this fund. The attention of Trustees of Church properties was called to a small list of sub scriptions, which was added to the general sub scription list of this fund, contributed by some of the Chapel Trusts to the Chapel Building and Loan Fund, and forwarded to the Com mittee by the Rev. S. Knight, of Moonta, who had been solicited to undertake, and who had cheerfully undertaken, the task of ob taining subscriptions. In conclusion, the Committee reminded friends that there were two grounds for hoping for future success. The first was that the staple produc tions of the colony were rising in the world's markets, and this promised increased temporal prosperity, and with it an enlarged ability to support the beneficent undertakings which the fund contemplated, and the second was the power of supplicatory prayer which the Church of Christ had ever possessed. The Chairman then made a few general observations, men tioning particularly the necessity felt of pro viding ministerial assistance for the settlers in the northern areas recently taken uo. The Rev. Thomas Lloyd followed, explaining the purposes of the Contingent Fund. They had established in some cases, he said, Churches amongst mining populations, the stability and success of which, in a large measure, depended upon the mine in the district. The Burra Circuit was an instance. The Burra Mine was wealthy, and the Church establi-ihed there pros pered, but for a time the mine became de pressed, and the Church then had to be sup ported by this Fund. Now, however, it was self- supporting again, and was prospering exceed ingly, he believed. Then sometime* an agricul tural districtdeeliaed because of thedepressionof the particular staple it represented, and of course it had to be assisted, and to meet such cases this fund was established. He bore testimony to the necessity of sending ministers and esta blishing Churches in'the new areas, and referred to the narrow-sighted policy with regard to church sites pursued by Trustees in some dis tricts. It was necessary to have a good site for a church, and the Chairman of the district, he thought, should exercise an oversight as to church sites. (Hear, hear.) Tbe Key. W. L. BtNKa alluded to the necessity of Church ex tension in both senses—Material Churche*, anil spiritual Churchy, Channel glorifying God sail extending Christ's Kingdom. There was. he mentioned, a sort of rage for church building now, and he mentioned a ease •how ing this which occurred in one of the country districts. With regard to union among it diffe rent sects, he thought there was very little chance of it now—that daring the past two centuries there had not been more indivi duality amoust them titan there was at pra sent. Every ■act now had its own Church, its own minister, its own or ganization ; there was altogether separate action, and as to proselytism. that was the grandest thing aimed at. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Ask one of those Churches to consent to be absorbed in another, and the answer would be in the negative ; that Church would, object to be snuffed out, and very pro parly so too. (Applause.) Even the Wes leyan Church would not consent to it—(a laugh)—and indeed he doubted if a Church would ba found able to take their body in —(applause)—even the Church of ■K«.gl«?fl - although he did not believe there was any Church which would prefer to do so more j than the Fnglinh Church. (Applause and laughter.) They would not bs able to find work for their local preacher* even. The Wei- j leyan Church now hal 19,000 rcguhrry-ordained ministers. (Applause.) The other day a large meeting of Baptists and Independents was held in London to consider the propriety of unien in smaller districts, so that where there was a Baptist and Independent Church each badly attended, the cmgregatums might be united. Many brilliant speeches were made, and after hearing a great deal of what had been said. Dr. Landels, a fine old preacher connected with the Baptist Church, rose and said :—"I am surprised to hear my Baptist brethren talking about this matter in the way they are. Why I could just as soon give up my Church altogether as give up my principles. I could not do it"—and thereupon every one sat down. He (Mr. Binks) did not wonder at it. The good old preacher stuck to his principles like a man, and his remarks put an end to all idea of union. He would, however, point out that although sects might differ upon points of doctrine, still they all belonged to one Saviour and one Lord—they were fighting in the same army, and were one in the sense meant by their Saviour when He prayed that His Church and people might be one. He believed that there would be a variety of sects and parties as long as the world existed. Having alluded to the great increase in their membership in England and America, he said he thought, on account of the scattered nature of the population of this colony, they would have great difficulty in maintaining their position throughout. It would be years before Mount Barker and other places would be in such a settled and flourishing state as to be like Archer-street (self- supporting), and, therefore, there was necessity for the liberal support of this Home Mission Fund. The Rev. W. P. Wells (President of the Prince Alfred College) made a few remarks, referring to the want of spiritual Church extension. They wanted a great revival, a revival which would cause their ministers to preach with re doubled fervor, their class-leaders to carry on their work with increased zeal, and their local preachers to go forth with an increased and mighty power, and he prayed that they might have such a revival, (applause.) Mr. W. King, Jun., proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks, which recognised the services of the ministers on the preceding Sabbath, and those of the Chairman and choir that evening. The motion having been seconded, was carried, and the proceedings terminated. On Friday evening a lecture was de livered by the Rev. Thomas James in connec tion with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Im provement Association, in the Lecture Hall, Pirie-street,on "Henry Ward Beecher." There was a good attendance, the Rev. Hans Mack presiding. The lecturer, in his opening re marks, related how he first became acquainted with the great American preacher about 20 yeses ago in his church in New York by hearing him preach a most powerful sermon, and by after*s>rds being introduced to him and invited to accompany him h-tne. Mr. Beecher was known all over the globe, not only v s> pulpit orator, but also in the political and literary world. He was boru in 1813, and his mother died when he was bit three years ef age. His father had but little time to attend to Henry, the youngest of a family of ten, being engaged with his preaching and other dnties. In **« childhood there was nothing to mark the sub ject of this lecture as intended for great things; on the contrary, it is said until he was 10 or 12 yean of age he was considered by his friends and relations (o be exceedingly dull and stupid, so much so that his aunt was went to say it was no good sending Henry on a message to her, for she always had to make him repeat it three times before she could comprehend him, he having an impediment in his speech, which made it exceedingly difficult for him to be understood. No one could think at this time he was ever destined to become great aa a preacher or a platform orator, in each of which role* he now shines as a star of the first magni tude. There was nothing, with this exception, of any moment in his early boyhood, bat when he was about 12 years of age the family removed to Boston, and Henry commenced to take an interest in reading such books as related to the seaand ships, which gave him a predilection for thiscouru of life—the result being that heformed a project for running away from home, as he thought his father would never consent to his going; but his father hearing of it, contrary to his expectations, offered no objections, bat, on tilt contrary, told him if such was bis desire he would have him taught navigation, so that he might be ableto take a good position, and ac cordingly sent him to the Boston Academy. Whilst studying here, at the age of 15 he was conver ed to God, and he gave his time hence-1 forth to studying for the ministry, aad after \ the necessary preparations, accordingly entered upon the duties pertaining to that omae. At his seond station, Indianopolis, after he had been laboring about three years, a great revival broke out, and his fame spread through the district rapidly ; so much so thj.t many came Pfam g> distance to hear him* In addition to his preaching, ho did much for literature as a writer and editor; his work in this line being principally connected with religion* matters, but also politically against slavery, for he was to all intents and purposes a stanch Abolitionist. Passing over several yean in his j life, the lecturer told of Mr. Beecher'* in creasing fame, and consequent hard work, which told upon his constitution to such a degree, that he bad to leave his native land for his ! health's sake, and accordingly made a voyage to England, and from thence made a tour of the Continent, retnrniag to England again on his way to America, Whilst in Britain he wai pre vailed upon by many of his friends to lecture j upon the slavery question, and according to • their request, he delivered lectures in most ef the large towns ef England and Scotland. The lecturer here read extracts from a letter from Mr. Beecher, to a friend in America, telling him of the rough usage he received at many of the large towns where he lectured, but telling him how gratified and pleased he felt if any thing be had done would be for the gool of his country, and his brothers in slavery. After referring to the Aiuerican War and its cause, Mr. Junes concluded a very interesting and instructive lecture, by an appeal to those present to be firm and persevering in whatever they undertook, and success must attend them in their efforts. At tbe conclusion a vote of thanks was duly proposed and seconded, and the meeting closed in the usual msnnfir. Services in connection with, the twenty - first anniversary of Chalmers Church wen commenced on Sunday, when two sermons were preached—the Bey. P. McLaren occupying the pulpit in the morning, and the Bey. Chas. Manthorpe in the evening. On Monday, July Bth, fairly-attended tea and public meetings were held. The pastor (the Bey. J. Davidson) occupied the chair at the public meeting, and, after devotional exer cisss had been engaged in, he read the annual report, which, in commencing mentioned that the congregation had attained its majority, having been in existence for 21 yean, during which time there had been many vicissitudes — change and death had done their work —but along with these thsre wjs still reason to be thankful for the presence, counsel, and willing co operation of some who had been identified with Chalmers Church from the beginning. It was proposed in future to provide annually a printed report of the year's history, in the hope that a fresh interest in the welfare of tba Church might be stimulated. The various institutions connected with the Church were then referred to. The weekly Wednesiay nightservice, Bibleclaases.and pastoral visitation to members of the congregation and the Lunatic Asylum had been very satisfactorily carried out. The communion-roll, revised on August 5,1870, showed that there were in full communion 145 souls. At the present tine there were on the roll 213 members, showing an increase of 68. At the revision of the roll on May S, 1872, 23 names were taken off, some having left with certificates or returned to England and Scotland, and others having been removed by death. Touching referenoe was made to tbe removal of the senior effice-baarer, Mr. James Gibson, who had baen connected with the Church from its commencement in 1850. Allusion vu made to the Sabbath-School, the average attendance of which during the past year had been about 100, and the number or teachers 17. A satisfactory report from the Committee of the Mutual Improvement Asso ciation was read. It was stated that by the scheme for the liqutfation of the debt com menced last year £150 had already been paid off, leaving £600 still owing. Collections for benevolent objects had been made, and Mrs. Davidson, on behalf of the ladies of the con gregation, forwarded to the City Mission Committee £25, proceeds of sale held in the schoolroom in October last, and as addi tional £5 had since been handed over for the same purpose. A b Jance sheet was appended. He then sail, while C3Ogratulating themselves on the measure of prosperity and eueees* which had attended them during die past year, they should not forget to sympathise with thoss who lately had been thrown into terrible sus pense—God grant that it mi^ht only be suspense-he meant the zaUttvas urf friendsof those ill-fated enarmooists who want eat the other day. The whole heart of the city and colony waa moved by this; sad he thought it «v not cot of place that on the present oeav moh they should express the nuprikr be was ■ace they all felt for the relatives of Ihm* young men. (Hear, hear.) Ha then referred to the work which h*4 been done daring the year—his interest in the B*U>ath achool, for which the/ had aa excellent Soperisto?deat; Ms visits to the Hospital, and the ■?ni—-|j at visitatiau to the inmates of tUi institotiaa ; thenewColl<«e, which had been cwiaMmhed on a broad Christian basis, and which Im Ihisahl would prosper; and to the City Uml toward* the rapport of which some effort ■hotld h t nude; and he mentioned is entmaaHsa with tfais latter topic that In. Davidson had tati mtfed her wdUngness to write a short readable atoryto be published v pamphlet Con, the proceeds of the aale of whidi weretobe de voted to thu Mianon. (ippUcse.) Bwraf apologised for the absence of the Horn*. T.i Bngtish and A. B. Marray, SLUCk, Dr. Pateraon, and the B«v. J. Lyall. he Bailed oa Mr. Henry Mnirheart, who moved the adoption of the report, which waa aeeaaded by Mr. Byrne, and carried vnaaiauwly. The Bey. C B. Byrnes then delivered ?a exxeOant aad pithy adireaa,ia which In expressed fast atroag sym pathy with the Chorea, aad threw eat several exceUentraceactiMuaatoworkwhidiCteMian Dumbenof the congregrfian nUd oadertaks. The Ben. J. Jfan and*. Headaraoa followed, deUveriiujahort speeches appropriate to the occasion. The latter (teatlemaa aug geated a covras of dairy visitations to the Hoapital by ministers, aa waa done in Victoria when he wm there. The nasal rotes of thank* dosed the proceedings. The strvisea of the cfcoii, both on that and previous trnntni, were apoken of in terma of the lnghesteubgy. A. mnsical and literary entertainment in connection with the Stow Ohsreh JnveaSe nCarionary Society waa held in the Town Ha? Bsehange^oom oa Monday eveotag. Jury L There waa a lai«e at'eodanee, aad the paatar of the Church, the Bey. O. B. Symea, praaUad. The Preaidentof the Society, Mr. Graymn, waa alaoon the platform. Severalrecttatiaaswen excellently rendered by juvenile scholars of the Sabbath-school. Two inatrameaAal daete were ably played fay the Mimes Adamant aad Craw ford. Mrs. Ferryman, Ittat Thomas, Maw. Sexton, and the Mimea Shakespeare aba eon tribnted towarda the mianl part of thepra gramme, and tended not a little to aaakethe evening paas pleaatntly. The atnac waa wader the direction of Mr. J. Shakeaneare. The Ohairmtn read aa intemtiag paper, entitled *'p; n-i f"ir flurrwriMii" In t imairari ing hia remarka the rev. gentleman Jaffa—ted that aooa after hit arrival in the colony he waa taken to ace the Biver Start, aad looking down into ita bed he could only ace a little Asa*, (a. langh.) Since then he had been told that there ni a large river, called the River Murray. which grew coda, but he had sot aeea that yet He aaked all present to faaey that they lived in a oonntzy that abounded m red riven. He then proceeded to show how a river naxMal toman life, and drew aorne exeeUsat analogies therefrom. He urged all the young people preaent to mark oat for thenmefvea a chsnacL and not to tnra arile from it uatfl they had accjmpjiabed their gtaat end and aim hi life. The national Anthem eoneltded the Mine at an early hoar VII.—EDUCATIOITAL. SCHOOL BXAKTNATION& Sr. Frm'a Onuoaua Sonooc. The nudwintei diaViamtiaft «f Mnria, «%, took plaoe ia the sehookMom of the Collece, on Tharaday, Jane Vt. There was a luce at tendance of parentaof thepapila and viaitara, inclsding Hu BiceQaocy the OoveraarTtti Private Secretary (Mr. J. A. gut—urn), aad Htaa Fetgaaaon. Aroaad the recnt ware «b> pUyedTariooa apeoimenaof drawing aad nap ping, Mac of which were raryerenttaaay exe cuted. Hia Ixmlahipthe Biihnp of Adaaaade praaded, and after a few iaitiaiory naaaras aaidhehadaaeh pleaaure ia greetiagtheaae ceaafal candidatea (air. Labatt aad ate Farr) in the competitive ermrinatiaa for the Seat* Centeaary pri«a offered by Hia aVaaPeawy the Governor. He wai aore the troohle aad aaiaa Hia SneUeacybad taken woaU caanaaaJTthe wjrm appreciation of the pareata, and the heariy approval of the eeholara Ihianaalraa. (Cheera.) Honora were then diatolmtad aa CoHowb:— First Olaaa.—Sixth Form—W. J. BawjeflL A. H. Harria, ML B. H. Jay, C & Labatt, a a Labatt, Fifth Form—J. Oawie, P, O. Hntdunaoa, J. & Kowlaad, a W. Schroder. W. H. Selny, G. K. Saw. ard, P. Stow. Foarth F«rm—A. Soatt. Upper Third Bemore—r. J. Pnaketd, O. •Schombnrgk, H. W. Straagwaya. Lower Third Form—BLHaU. 6eeoodTSemoVe-S. Smeatoa. Second Olaaa.—Sixth Form-G. A. Fan, H. W. Mnrphett. Fifth Form—a BL FaUec, H, K. Hardy, W. Upton, T. F. Wirfey. F«orth Be move—H. O. Uwra?oa, E. O. TnaTiamhi. B. Wyatt, W. Everard. Foarth Form-J. F. Gob, a Hafl. Upper Third Bemove-H. Vhtta. Lower Third Btmon-G. W. Aathaar, J. P. Jonet, J. F. KorS, A. KriehaaC, O. Lagaa. Upper Third Form-J. C. Vyly. I«wer Third Form-a. LaUeanrier. B. C. atoore, H- Mania, KaToong. Second fiemove-r. W. ikaae, A.W.Cacka. H. W. Hardy,& B. BMaaO. Fast Form—B. GUaa, A. Hantabraok. H. Meyer. Third daav—Fifth Form-a Bownwn, F.K. B. Carter. 3. O. Stewart. Foarth Bamave— O. Leake. F. McOooll, O. Mairhaad, BL Perry. W. Wlgley. Foarth Form—O. H. Oeaa, O. F. Hallett, A. Hargnve, J. rfindmanh. Upper Third Beawre—T. Foale, W. Marflaah, a Kigaod, A. Trimmer Lower Third Beaaove— E. OoUfly, F. Fiveaah. Upper Third Form— B. Acraman, a Homabrook, BL Page, O. Tomkinaoo. Lower Third Form—M. a—-.-, if. Crawford, W. Croaamaa, H. Oenteo. A. A. Hanu, K. A. OAocne. E Boa, U J.Behrewe- Una. Second Bemove—F. Belt, L. Herbert, C. K. Herbert, B. Laaghtan, J. O. Uoyd, A. J. mnrray, J.a NeOl, A. Bobin. SeeeadForax- O. W. Lewia. Fint Form—W. 6. Barber, D. Fotheringham. H. Haghea, J. Lvall, C. Teaapm. ProbabOea. -FifUt Form—X. Bagot. W. O. Lawnaee. Foarth Bemore—W. Stow. W. Voong. Foarth Farm -C K. Ohapaun, H. Haigcave, K. Poole. Upper Third Beaaove—J. KeOoaU. Lower Third Kemwe—H. Oh if man. Upper Third Form—T. Atkiaaon, J. LyaU. Lower Third Form-a W. Hagfaea, J. Jaaah. A. Mwlden. Second Bemove-B. Begat. H. Tomkinaon. Seoood Form—A. Harriaoa, H. U Bead. FuatForm-B.Phaiipaon,B. Trimmer. The ptUea were diatriboted by BmLordehi? in aeaordaaee with the following lint :-Soatfr Centenary prixea, preaented by BSa Ba?eUoaey Uie Govern, tat prue,C.B.Ub«tt; aaaawi pri?, O. A. Farr. Praaeated by the Han. H. Ayera, for Oermaa, M. K. H. Jay; French, P. O. Hntdiinaon. Preaeated by O. V. rlawkea, Bag., for writing, T. F. Wigley ;pmt oeeot., Uartia, KiiehaaS, Horria, Cjeka, Campbell; man prize, G. K. Soward; prox. oeeot., Martin, korphett; Prefect* prize, A. H. Harria; librarian* price, J. E. Bow land ; good coniln«t prise, A. Scott. Dili gence Pricaa.—Sixth Form-a R Labatt; prox. aeceo., Morphett. Fifth Form—P. O. ttutehuuon. Foarth Remove-O. M. Mair head. Fourth Form-A. Scott. Upper Third Bemove—H. W. Strangwaya; prax.) aeeaaL, White. Paakerd. Lower Third Beawve-a B. Logae; prox, aceea., Aathoay. Upper Third Form—S. Bigaad ; proz. aoem*. LyaU L Lower Third Form—B. W.&all; pros. aeeesL, Anraman 2. Second Bemove—S. Haaeatna Second Form—a S. Herbert. Fint Farm— A. J. Homabrook, H. J. Meyer. Drawing Vra.3, pweented by Mr. C. Hfll-F. UaOoaU, J. Kowmnd. Thoae lada who had competed for the Seats Centenary prizaa ware then called up, aad Hia Excellency addteaaing them, aaid he waa vary aorryto inform them that he waa anaUeto give the aaoaeaafal compstitora their prizaa that day. He had aeat to aMboame for the booka. and they were hi the Cuorong, which had not yet arrived, but doabtlen ahe would be here in a abort time, and he woald at oaeefor wardtfaevobunaitothepruetaken. (Oheem.) Be had taken thegreateat iatenat v looking over the variona papen which had beeneent him; eapeciaUy waa he plcaaed in readme Mr. Labatt'a paper, which he ooold aay, wittaas ezaggeratian, apoke weD for the iadaetry, thcagbtfdlaeaa, aad ability of the writer. (Obeera.) He afaoold be happy to aend tna paper home to hia f rieada in "!"gl-~1. who had given prizes for the aame competitio?, aad neariy the aame piper*, at the Harrow School. He waa cure they would read the paper with intenet, and Uhatt, he fheqght, need not fear to compete with any of the boya there. He wja quite aware that the time for preparation waa rery ■hart; that it waa too limited, when other •chool duties claimed at tention; aad that the younger eompetitare had had very great difficnltiea to contend with. (Cheera.) Hehoped thatataate would be fat apired for reading the beat Ifattiih riimina. aad for etadying critically the woika of Sir Walter Scott, who stood aa high ia the eaUsutianaf the public now aa when he firrt pobliahed. Having intimated thai he wooU gin a prise af a aimflar nature, bat open a different aabieet, heaaidhe regretted that Mr. Labatt aad Mr. Farr wonld be obliged that day to take the win for the deed, aad consider that they had rsecavod the firrt aaid aecond prizaa. (Lughter, and cheera.) Hia Lordship aaid he waa anre they woald all fed gratified at the teatimeay borne by Hia Excellency aa to the diligent training beatowed upon tfaeboyaby their maatera, evideaead by Che excellence of the papers which had bean for warded htm. Hia BxceUeaey had atated that Labatt need not beaahanel to compete with any of the boya of the public achoaU in England. (Oheera.) It waa a great thing that in a colony 30 years old they had as foataad the native talent aa to enable it to aaoaaaaf atly campete with the boya of England. They ought to be thankful that at each aa early etage of the colony's existence an uatUatiea of that nature had been placed amongat them i he waa «ure the parents would feel gratified at this. He thooghtch^ahonU be deeply thank, fnl that Hia KxoeUency bad Urns bone testi mony, pmblkily, to the excellence of that ia«t tutton. HU Exccubkv having made aome farther ramarbi apon the nlmerf ed««U« «ai the daty of the State with regard to it. The atev. Caaon Fabs, M.A. (Head Maatar}, thaaked Hia ffrnnlhwy for the prizes he tud given aad the traobfe he had taken in penmiag the papen. He abw refamd to the naefal aaaatal taaawag which the papOs bad saoW gane, aawanahowa by the creditable maaacr nwhieh the competitors far the Scott Oea taamry prizta had aeavtted twamadvei. He ■pake aba «f the haeh aasitiaa which oU Oat lariaaa bad taken ia afaglii i aad eiaewhem. aadaDaJedta the love af tzvthfslnem which persaded theacboel. The baTidaji were thea aascvaeej, aad chaaw erf tib. baring bemgirca, tbe|iraeeed- After themraarination waa ewer the athlatie aairtoeaa^offi?traatoftbtOalltyi. Owiag to tW late nuas the grand was very heavy far rmaaaag, aad oamaioaej a caed many anDa, miwiiaTiy in the hnrdle aacea. There wereao many competitan in aome af the raoea that thaac ataetatoh had not the alightest chaace of wmaiag. Meaam. J. A. Fergaaua aad O. W. Hawkaa acted aa judges, aad Mr. Fred. Ayera aa atartec Ho thae waa taken. The foUowiag bthedetaOadacaouat: -100 Tarda Ohaaapiaa Race.—Priae, aflvermn. Satriea—W. Owtbba. K. K. Twopeoy. aad K. Wiamaa, Twaaani waa caaaiiiai?d U have the heat atari ia thta nee. bat be g«t away badly. aad waa beaten by half a yard by Cwynne. ISO Yarns Haadiaap Fmt Baec-lat pri?. «aU locket; 2nd, ateai; 3rd, aaacalcaae. Tboe ware 67 eattrieator this ace, the hadiee*?%« •Haodiag Cram Twopeary at eerateh to Poole *tth47yda. A. Ceeha, S yda., firat; O. A. oFmmT, MX F*%« wftWwaamml ; m^Ollql?Mma* tmaltwL Ita-^ffia^Ja-p- Pri^goUatom. O. B. Labatt, who waa the oaly competitor. j«mawl«ft.ola. UaTaraa?aaaaapHardW Baae-lat arize, aflnr «a?; tarn, tam*f vhjp; ? entriea. O. A. Farr. 11 yatda, firK; J. Barker, S3 yatda, aeoaad; BL Chapmaa, 13yarda, thud. IN) Tarda Handicap Fmt Baa*, far fawn wader 12—Prise, ailrer cap; 10 entriea. C Temple, acratch, aad Berhwi, 7 yarda, na a aha/haat. Ia the naaingaS, Temple earns iafint. SMTarda Haadicaa Flat Ea*e-46mrtrica. Owyaae aad Ttnpeny atarted from *cntd<, the athera beiag allowed baa & yarda to .'9 yarda. O. A. Farr,Unrda, ant ; T. Marrar. ISrasaa. agniaaaaad. and H. Onwiord, 43 Piaie aVaapias-friaa. BBntH aaae. X, Bow -280 Tardi Haadimp Bardic Baw-Ut frixf. gMamrfpm.tad, gmd locket; 14 entam. BLaaapmaa,l9yarda,lrt; M. Jay, Myaid*. HighJampfor Boya nader 12-frize,aflvw pencilcaae,wM)>y?.Oaeiwitli?jaa>pof3ft. Thm-Lexgaa Bace-^aaa, two ptairilraaaa Thiee aawfEi atarted. Woa by A. H. Uanias aad H. Cbapaaaa. **? Tata. Hsaafiaaa Flat Eaa*-lat mm. asada;zad.aOver watch aad chain; 24 entries. W. O? j ami. aiaa Throwiag the Cricket Ball —Pri*. ridaag Waaw/Upte«.wha?hre* 75yaida lftSia. M 0 Tarda Haadicap Fkt Bace-Far boy* wader la. lat price, aaid laoket; 2nd, riding whip; 36 entriea. H. Cnwferd. Vy*, I«i; J. Stowart, aaratoh. Sad; aad yda,ani. HalfJ?ae Flat Baae-lat price, aperagmm; V*. mm^ UpUn wo. «amryf7. 159 Tarda Handicap Flat Knee (for Old Hahelari) Piin. aaid aaarf aia. Woa by H. Jay; J. AenmaaZad, aadDVataDen Sri At the imilmiia of the aparm the prize* werefiatriwctadlrmsMay.fvwhwatfeee PanKS ixnzD Ooumok. The tmliilirtiia «f arima preri-w to the wadwaatar -vaaatiaa. teak aaaee ia the adml roam at aha OaPaaeaa Wailaaaaay afmraoaa. Jane IS. Maa^af dkepanmtaaadfaionaaaf the popOa ahanlil The PreaUeat (Key. W. P. VeOa) aanfiii aha ohair, Afttr aVvatkaad mi thai. ThaCsUMKAMmidalewmoaUMagohehaa act expeated U ha«a baea in the peaitiea be thaahaldmiii irtii wish the Ooll«xe ; bat aaw ha began fa tew. aimaaint at hame dhetra) aid, a* a aia-iamai, ncrhapa lie mfght be alb wad fa aaagralalatr theparea.a m^frias«wafta?iaatitaU?aa«aiharmgs7co m aaoawwjabaiUiag aadaachgiiuaain) giwaada ■Huaiiirhiawts. Be waa dm«htad with the aaaaery aanoaalaas. the O*llauj, aad he waa alao almand at «h? ajaanal gaodcaawact of the beya, Of aaanaa, there wai aiaai Urine* with whiah he had fa Sad faaU, bat, a* a rale, there Wmml mwaaWam- mmwfV? t# tfaMaaamWatftal taamamat tO CDaMmCsBA in the anailaot of the wap?a. (Oear. bear.; It waa the pvraamaf Ofafaattetun fa look after the moral aad iili,mw* intereata af the yonths ?nai?tilwtthft,bataat in any way to inenl wrteoteawamadaaadtaaehiag. Taw waa not the qjaal time far awardmg ■nhalatahiiw, to.—that aameatCwiMiiii- aadoaaymUiaatia and a lew Bsias|Haaal prism waald besivea. ThaavjatW, wadar the donaioa of Mr, A. Saatt, ttaa aaag "May af the Valley." The HmuHUmtK^tmr. J. A. Hartlry. 8.A., Mt) theamadaataw iiam iitiiaa. zfemea tfaaad that the preaeat aaaatmg wm act tte priaeiaalaacottccferthedHtribatuat of prize* —the work waa amaged far 12 montha-aad theahlaf prize* woaU be given ant at Chriat maa, when there waald be a ararrhiiit exunisa tib? made by caaAla?aea cataaae the iastitstuau There had booaSZexaminatiaaa ia the coon* of the neat half- you, and the bey who had answered apwarda of 60 percent, of thequea tie?swaaHraeem a certificate thai day and at OhrWauaapme. II Ihi iiaiiniaj mnli t■■ anaawirtian with the UaaM Callage aoate re marks wan mad*, be believed aawit iagly— IHiiaalilnyof the aahnwaT thai colony. It waa aOagui that the haja hac«mUt«i be trained ap to the auricabnaaf the Mdboame Uuvanaty; bat he wwaU atate that bja firat form had baea tar a leag.h af time reading oa thoae very aawjeeta. aad he jntmflwl to prepare boya for aaatrieaUliea them; abe thai Ks«liah UteratonaMaa^aralaaiaaaehadbee? leading aabjeem base tar an ma limit. He believed thete was a place far tawUaaaa Oaflagav aad that it irrrid fca af paal an i iim U mairr j-aaag mfm in the aalony. aad he traated that, if any hem want to tbaOatWin tram thai aebaal, they woaM ■hew that they wan well atwaadad ia the variawabraaabaaof atady, aad woadd do credit tothetEaiamctbaybadreaeivad at this inati tatiaa, fl. naiafalii bjr wyiaamu- • bape that tha bays woaU eaj*y their haSday and tetara ia gaod thae w«h reamred rijor to their atadioa. Prim and wiliimin were then gnon a* fjQowa:—Prism. ■ Ocaatal proficiency — Form 6\. U. W. Cooper; 6. T. H. Been ; 4, P. Evan Bdmeadwj; 3, W. Bennett; 2, A. Clarke. Arirtimerai Ohm 7, G. Baadoy; «, T. Hall; S, O. W. Biemaake; 4, H. Baraett; 3. W. U«Uworthy; t. F. atingabornaxh ; 1, Briee. Gnmaa hmtary-J. W. Maakmaa. Drawing, oatliae—H. ffimirda; ■haded, J. W. ibaKaaon. kfoaic-a. Bowiah. Germaa-J. T. Cooper. Owttfimtaa. Faiw 6-G. W. Oaapac, 3. T. Ooapar, MnaJanan, MiaaholL Forma—Bean, XwAaaV. I*- atahia. Maaghaa, Geedo, Bnadey. Malay. Whittam. Johnamu Lathlaaa, Fiadman, W. M. Oattoa. Ball, a & Kvna, Form 4- Flwmdm. P. Bvaa. Hewiah. Barker, Booecke, A. K. Thi*aas.J.Pearae. Hick*. A. P. Bennett. WaQaea. Farm, BakeweO. K. Omtea, V. H. Ibabia, O. Omrk, Tamer, KaclmV H. Dean, R. Bamhafaaajh. Wimaa. Oaalt. BtO, F. Ootton. Farm 3—Baraett, K. B. Kaiaaa, W. H. Ben nett, A. Paarw, G.M. Bran, Mattan, X Kelly. Oarlmg. J. B. Ootton, Tuiey. &Ohvk.; Tim aaiaaTcbaa. lanky, A. J.Thamm, Joha Binnie, Pitt, Orabh, Lartain, "rwini. Alf. W«ai«. KeeHag, Obewmga. Fonaa 2 and I—Uoyd, GoUaworthy. F. aQaaaboreagh, Baaba, A. flbrke, Wcfr. a W. BaaeyTtmtan.Oratta. dea, Heddnma; Vcaak. itoaaaeveU. xbix, W Binaix. allaa. A. Bmka, K. M. Pibia, flj ■ awla, A report whiah waa «aad from the Bey. F. W. Ocx apofce very bvacahly af the aatHae aad The >rinn?n«i tiiminilnl ia thaarlinuy Hoans AocuoMt Gbsjuus School. The haM-yearhr ila?iifc«lmn af prices took nlam on Wailiiaaiaj. UHh Jane, ia the Tem eraaea Hall, Marth Adelaide, aad a the at twalanaa ia any evidence af the interest felt m the program «f the aehool, bath fcaebtn aad pawO* asnat have bean bichly plcaaed with the naaba «f the put hatf-yaar** work. The capacity of the Hall wm faDy teatod by * huge Mlh?'t of Crieada, who admired the varied display of work exhibited oa the wall*, awnfririna; aame very beaatifal drawingt, •aaon-cne of whmh by 3. Daniel*, deaerra a?ecaal WMmtaoaw-beaadea aaaaa aMaimeaa of good pramanah'ni The Bey. J. Jefferu pre aadad, aad Cast called aa Mr. Whtaham, wl>o read his report, aad apeke «t the adv-dUgc* af attaroagh meniui tranaag, aad aaked «are..t. to aaaiat the toaehara ia their efforts to ri«> their aaaa a aaand ednririaa. Mr. Kootna;rf aia* raparted favanatyaf tha Oermaa GUs<. Bnahatiiaa wan than gma by H. Vereo. H. Farter (Oenma), W. Green, Mac Wiebteed aad H. J. Tito. K. ammamy. Mac Wichateed. C Wiwmaa (flai aaan). 3. a Flaming, J. H. Lyons. The iaaa-wsag hi tha •uwTlmt:-Sixth aid Fifth «anaa.-Fimt Dfviaaaa—General prca aaaaay-J.aFlrmaag.a. J. H. Sinclair, bgbh -J. H- I^aaa. Abjebaa and Maarantiaa-J. fay. WiJlTaifc-J.ix. Lr—- Writing-*.J. Hay. ?biacry-J. fk fkaxtsg. Oraament.l Paniaaaaaia I. H. Lyeaa. Latai-J. P. Fle mmg,e. W.Oabaraa. Saoaad and Third Divi aiaaa.—Firat in 14 aabjeata—W. Haaderwa.«. a Warren. Latin v. Mac WUkateed. Geaeral Pngrem-e. V. O. Primula. Eagliah, ic-H. Porter, «. J. Batty. ArixhmMic-W. Cibb. Hmtory—a. T. WesCm, OompomtMa —O. Aahwin, «. K. MaeasJay. Maapfej -V. Partae. Writing.—a. H. Verca. OwMnetrr— «. H. J. Tito. K. M, H. C. Fergw'on. J. Howard, J. Bnnad. 3. BSL, 1. Keicu aToarth Form.-Seiac «nt U 16 .object,— J. riminy. nn>Tiihyaad ha*Ury—F. Rar rmger, c a Aahwin. falastij-B. W. Wigg. Geometry—F. Mitchell, c. J. Ramsay. Gene- ral progress—E. Rogers. Arithmetic—c. J. Gil- lingham. Writing — c. M. Williams. German — c. C. Newman. First in fourth division — F. Green. General improvement — W. Shannon, c. J. Shannon. Mapping (very creditable) — J. Daniels, c. F. Green and J. Maslin. H.M., T. Dixon, P. Wicksteed, H. Cornelius, G. Butterworth, M. B. Ive, G. Young, O. Young, T. Medlyn, G. Driffield. Third Form.— First in the form — G. McCoy; HM4, «. R. Hogarth. History-A, Stanes. WrMv-J. Haigh, «. F. Winter. hUpping mil J. Hooper, a. X. Durieu. HJL, A, )iaidley,A.Briasley, F. "Whiter, Tr.Andrews, a anr F. Batiiant, J. Hawker. Second w3i««iPn*sL 7 -t aa Wai™. & Llrfm ArilhaMtbaoaGrammar—W. Maiujhii n K. 4 Wi«. Dotation, fa.—c A. fiefcean. Industry^*. H. J. Gondera. STa 3. Ketarkk, F. Bran«d, W. Y. fJ .y^y_ H. A. K. Dorian, W. O. Ooombe, yVSnuan. OL L. PhUlipi, O. 0. Driffield. Knt F«ra-nnt fa «*? m?h*.-B. wnis. Grammar and Geography—B. H. Kay. General moftataavy-* S. Bflfinj nd H. W. Wieg. Yridag-e, F. Fur. Composition—c K. Wuls. h.«., H. J. BmUwmb. SL Malw, W. Brent. T. Vtrtar, A* BoUn.T. Hardy. F. W. Dunn, X qtapmin, C. Bohtn, EL Joyner. Special Pita:-a?nifcn,llMWickateed; aaa?y, airth mad fifth forms, J. H. Lyons; •to., fourth form, not worthy; third foim. A. ttai.es; drawing, J. H. Binder; boarders' Sunday lesson priss, J. Batty; do. good con duct, G. Butterworth; German prize (pre- sented by Mr. Nootnagel), H. Porter. After a few words of kind advice and en- couragement to the boys from Mr. Jefferis, loud cheering was given for Mr. Whinham, the teachers, and the ladies, and the Chairman. ——— GRAMMAR SCHOOL, JUNCTION-ROAD, PORT ADELAIDE. The friends of the pupils at the above academy mustered in force at the examination of the scholars on the occasion of the midwinter holidays, commencing 20th inst. Amongst the viiitofi^nwiimlk John Formby (Mayor of Pert Adelaide), the Revs. S. Green and P. McLaren, and Captain R. H. Ferguson. The Mayor immJwi. 8?k v^wsaaUartagniiMni of mapYrfa* by the eaboUnejere exhibited en the walla. After an examination in mental arithmstio. whisk|nmiUitaresult tood pro gram, th> faOewtaf piewM *m mated:-MPhe lferafa? ef Pofa?d> by J. DeOiris ; "Modern Locis."aShaney ; "Bwns?« Address to the ESLVo^wS-mh; * Theffiideu£«a. ante" {in German}. 3. Bntier; "I wouldn't, vooU year H. Timer; MThe?ell?,"bye(Mne Mboya riemlhwimiily; "OneJeged Oooee," by A. Fergwrnm s heddaa wme o*w vtoea, aE ■howiu|in?eie?«ybeloeatioa. ThefoUowing VtiMTMrnm 4ha> dWdbated: -For r«nl •MwUte.'. Beikr; appGe«?M«adma«et, K. S .oraey ; marks, ftrat daaa, A. Fergwon \ ■iiiimil ■aia. n Mefaiea . thirdaUaa,K. John aoa; fonth eieat J. Fermby; maprhw. not, A. kCaUe ; mhS, K. DeG«? ; aMatal.anth autie, W. Jaaaat. The Ohainnan, at the con claum ef the aneaadinci, had aeaasin to mm tt'iaeat the kda am their proajnitney, and added hi«h maniiami upon the «?pahUity of Mr. tUrlinwaniaetrastar. HU XXOXUXKOY OS EDUCATION. Aft tha aAMafar dirtrfbation of ptixie in unnanHni with St. Peter1! Collete. on Than •aaarvoattamsfe?. After aom? prgtlmtntry ob- NfiwNi m to the iaportanea of the oeeuton, BbSZO?Uasci acid he fully reoojnJaed the •imat valna ef aa ad—rintiii f'*"f*f"*f*r" of a fig^/lffT^ f? f^?^ f^Mrf«f —o^ffffminfnffy. It «m awawiawjirj to me act pbnaei aiid atock miiaaahi aa la the adrautacw of edneation. II hi ?aill«| iliinn hejud taken part in awJUfe abb*, that m> had aeen the importanea •Itt- M, wkMl HatodjPM «? ?«*? Jf .■HfffM^f^TWM*- aiiiMiia nf iiiUi |-inn. mil T't ■a fiafwll ■Mt T -*• *—"— *• *"? ni-iinnfMnVi* J **—*•"•*—""* n 9 a>Alah«J«wmwto«m?ree advantage bebutekamef tteauaaa. If itwaafaafortant aThamlwhrt ftt mm?l if tttinitiwl tinwH ha mae> w?ilml ■■ he bdieraj. under ««A nwatac by meiu at neeat faejalatioa tWtMddhe-te •enddered ft tobe rehv Krte«U? b««rtart Oat they«Wd be ■ude Mflaantina?eweaaunnity. Perhane &> lefUashm ww«U eerlmuly affiaet Ofa-he toMnt therj was aothfaf that • yam« eomnra tdty «eaU net p* over eneptinff pronding ■MUM «f aj?witm It woejd ho mi tint ttMTwhelud tte «entnl«f metitatuaa Oka Mo Bt P*Urt CtaOepete flehool ahoold he iwU U the toiattK of their yoeih. If Ibete «h? w«e reared hen were toea-th* Tip t-npedy, then was ne Coir that their Un weald be tte remit of ptejimws or pveio?, ec U«t they wcmld have any of thoae dauen whiehbiahiryehsved them war. the renXt of IxmnuaL Th«r haev tlut at •"*?* the .!??. of ponLr ednmttmi hen f«U ttr thert ef thdr raninmenta, A peat deal ha been done by the State, bnt the re tains chewed that a faarfe percentage of their popelatiaa wen not bring educated, aad thow who ware, wen badly adueeted. Hewaa net blkwc npon • par^Tqiiaafiaii, fer every MmiabTwht?Thadbw. i. offiaeataoe be had h«o Omrnorhad hnm(ht the qneiUon op. Ml intimated that* meaun todeal with it WM ldha intnloead, and it wa? hi* dally hope before he left the eetoay to wethii Mbieved. (•aeen) He vaa gbd te ace that although lopaUredaeition was MHBnrhatiniafisently prjrided fer. then waa a luxe proportion of ceteMnc proVided far in th* man adTaaeed nt^mTlt oimU hardly he expeoted that «a iaatitatiaoof thteUnd eoaldbe foaedin anah • yoang oolany; bat, w* they knew, then waa .«e.^rl^ hid h««trledon with eoa^louom nefolaem br nearly • qaarter ef a eentiry. Be knew;«hat ttwi«* ««on'yinetttatlon «f thelMd-that U halrivala; an 4 eithe««h they mi«ht poaatUy eaenewhat rerret thia; ibTi^atoaiawawU net km each an iVu'tJ^m^h^SJ!^^ bnfth^ .pint of oMnpatitlon whfah weald beindaMd: !de wofcldi?toaeea whew paramta ia life psrhape wwui n?t eatifar • wntoogel ooane oflLeary etady, u> whe theaght thai a. hfeh «U« edneaUea; wwaU be thron away, that •?.hit wh a Mfekahe-tbmt 4ey ihwild tioi goon ud learn. Car, he arid, ia Chat ttle which h*d neatly swept enr a parttaa of Barope ia oonnaegen w& the late war there weald not, IMthana, ha foaad one of the raak aad ale who LunotreeeiTea aa ediawriew eqml to that of say working «aa la BngUod, and auny were •m weU edneab?d aa eeoatry geaHeaua in the oU emutry. Then waa no doabt that the arttemof ehKatiaatfeiptadiiiPraaiia, and now to be aTtaadedtkwafheatcha Oernaa ampire. •rould materially tagtew?rda the ogtamton of the Kmpire, the pMNrof theeonntry, and the intaUigeaM of tte priaeee aad the people— (-a?d they eeald wbh notUng better than that thoae you* aad thriving eom mnaittM, iaebdiag duk own, ahould, by timely aad eady meaeana. eerare Own freU tilamtiiie ahii* ■■ line imall imili i ■ mtieai He had only, then, after thaaUag them for their liitliinii. towffleaieaf what fie had mid ahont the Scott pdie by maktag hhnMlf men plainly aadenleed at to any hew Sand the pr^wT Hta mm* fer a* doing -was Oat hii brother, aa eld Barrow asholar, o?ered, oa the eeaamaa of the Beott Oaateaary, to gtre > prlM br the beet aeqaaiatoaeedi-p with Beott'« worhe, to be uompoted for by Bar row oahalwe, aad he (ffia toaePeneyydwgfat it woaldbeweOto ace how far the ashelan of lit. Petal's avala eampeto whhthoetof Harrow. They aaar that waly a fewhadeoma forward, bat that waaaooaanted for by the ahortaeas of the aotiea. la tatam, if moie time were ti*en,aad aehartar mow nntad.doabtlem there weald be BMreoampetUion. He Boawll, who woajdhave eeau ferward. geaeroady de eliaed to I !■■■!■. haasaae, having been ill, aad mmhle to attend *> hb other dnoM, he thoaghtft woohtbe nabir to the other eompe tUon to do ao. Hb KmaUaney eeaetoded by nmnliiin that the eaaame of the imtitattoa wafevideneed by the fast that the avamgeatteadamwwaeaet femnMiad The HaUt-hUBTOt (the Bey. Oanon Fair, M.A.) aaldhe ahoaUilketo aw thedaj when they woald be ehle to compete wift the SogUeh eehoob ia the older ianguigaa, bat he waa afraid that way "*• «ar diatant, and that he ■hooldaetUTatoteett. Wlthngatdtolugh. cUm erfaiwri—. he believed that the eeloay, whilat eadeavedag to keep the working dw •daaatad, had act attempted to guide the edn eattoaof the higher daeaaa. AAmitts^, th«t the iflaeiHan Tf the childrenmVthelakmag eUmahaaU bo attended to, aaraly Uwaipait of Uw da^r ef the State to exeniai awiet ooobvl over the Ucfaer odnestien; aad if people woald only throw away their miiemhle ebmT anjodiem, oae high dam asonlar edawriimil ertahlMimrat might hs main. Uiaed. He aheald like to ace a TJarranity «tablbbed ander tha aaapiaea of tiw State, which, while iMving oat ell deaomiaatioaal fattening, wwdd f aramh a aeaad eaeabr in ■traction. U the meantime, ha might explain why be did act join ia the eehrien fer getting out midrlle irfif edwwtinaal panera from Jtng land. Hi. ebjostioaa wan, imt, that then papers wen act firom year to year, ao that atadeato ia Eaglaad woald have U auatha, whibt thoae eat here, eonaseaontapaa net re eeiviag the papan UU two months after they ware act, woid ealyhmV* 10 month* t aeaondly, that the examiaattoa to tha esionyawdd he held la Uw hottest ttna of tta7eai, lrbeathsr pnpib wen Jaded by the heat, aad whan they wiTaeithe/aUe aar wfflimgtojatois hard work. Therefonfce aid aot think the middle t!tn ——«—««— panera would «maeeed here. They would like very -well to join ia the Mel. haarae bnt it was not likely that IS would prepare fat matriealatioa. Only three had wished to go. If the Oovemment were not prepared to give them a high-elm edoovion, tiiey mtfk* aarely ependieOor £60 . 7 eu^^enaMT&lfcmrdar;&aminetato; coma over from MmwaarM. bat the fewpapHs at this College woaM be aaable to eopport the •umf •anbom nWhoora. asmiag to Addmde. "" VIir.—FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. ODDFELLOWS' HALL. Latino Fodbda.tjoh-8TO?b. The ecmmonv of Uying the tcnadation-atone d the Oddfellow*' Ball, M.U., to be erected under the ampices of the Adelaide Lodge, took plaos on Thursday afternoon, June 20, ia the preaanes of a large conooune of spectators. The Officers and Brothers (numbering upwards of 100) assembled at the Freemason*' Tavern •boot S o'clock, and having formed into line, marched in procession, headed by Schnder's Band, to the site of the bnildine in Franklin street, at the rear of the Poat-Offiee. The interesting proceeding! were commenced by Secretary Una retding a copy of the fol lowingldacument placed under the stone :— " This document wu depocited under the foundation-stone of the Oddfellows' Hall, Man chester Unity, which was bud by P.O. George Mayo, Bsq,, F.E.0.5., on the 20th June, 1872, being hi the 36th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the 4tb year of the Governorship of His Ex oellency the Right Honsnble Sir James Fer guson, Baronet. The erection of the building was undertaken by the Adelaide Lodge. The offiaen ot the Order were G.M. D. Battauis, D.G.M. A. S. Derenish, 0.0.5. A. H. Beyer. The offioera of the Adelaide District were P.G.U. T. Austin, r.D.G.M. T. Paltriagd. P.O.S. A. H. Beyer. Vlie Trustees of the Ade laide Lodge were P.G. Hunt, P.O. Moodio, P.O. Chapman, P.O. Asher, P.O. Jos. Meller, P.O. Olaney, and P.G. Desrman. The Building Committee consisted of P.r.G.M. PriteUard, P.O. Byng. P.O.?L AF. J. Cox, P.G. Fori, P.O. Dearman, N.G Williams, and Bralhei?rooves. The architect was D. Gariiek, Bsq. The builder was P.P.G.M. W. Burnley. Copirs of tha South Australian Begister anil of the Soutk Australian AdrtrlUsr, nampa]iers of the above date, and of the Laws of the liidcpendent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester XJuHy, Friendly Society ia Sooth Australia, wera alio deposited with the above document. " Josh. Pbitchabo, Chairman. " CHaRLES Hxhg, Secretary." Tte Chairman of the Building Committee (Mr. Jos. Pritchard) ha via; deposited the bottle wider the atone, Mr. Gasllice, addresong Dr. Mayo, said he bad the honor on behalf of the Building Com mittee U> present aim with the trowel for the purpose of laying the foundation-stone of the proposed Hall, and also as a memento from, the Lodge of ssrvices rendered during his long con nection with lite Lodge. He sincerely hoped ' he woaU live many years longer, ami that he might be permitted to meet in tlie Hall and j jia ia fellowship with the Brothers when they transacted their business therein. , The trowel, which was a very handsome "one, wu supplied by ttr. J. W. Davis, and bore the following inscription: -"Presented to George Mayo, J£.q , F.£LC.SI, by the Adelaide Lodge, , oa the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the Oddfellows' Hall, M.U., June 20,1372." The mortar having bean spread, aad the stone adjusted, Dr. Mayo decUred it well and Uuy lai 1, amidsi cheers, the Band pUjing " Aus tralia." Dr. Mato, in aidreaslng the assesablag.% said the honor hid been placed in hi? hmli of laying the fouadatioa-stone of the Oddfellow^ Hall, connected with the Adelaide Lo ige. The Lodge wai ertibliahed more thin 30 year* ago with but verf few member*. A room aboat 6 feet tqaire would at that time htva accomm ?dated them when he was first a Brother, and than surgeon to the Lo.igf. Since that tim;, however, the Lodge had established branches throughout the length and breadth of the colony, aadafforjed re lief and b jnefi 6 to numbers who otherwise would, with their wives aid families, have suffered great hardship and expwiw. if they bad not had the opportunity of prorating such assist ance and benefit as Oddf ellowsbip provided. Be was sun he ought to be proud of the honor placed apon him that day ; and it waa a great eource ef pleasure to him to see that, numeri cally, the Lodge had increased. He saw many eonnwiteri with the Lodge who were not bora when it wj* nwt estabttshel. He hope I 4he conveniences which the building w?utd afford would lead the other Lodges to aluster round them, and that eaoi woald make the building the general meeting place. All would be of the opinion that it *ai a grand thing that they shonM not in future h«ld their meeting! in a publ c-toose, the objection to which had been so frequently urged. (Cheers.) He did not know how the publicans would feel, but ho considered that it was a most desirable thing, that their Lodges should be held in halls devated to that purpose. By such an amusement their teetotal friends would doubtless jsin in larger numbers, feeling that they cauld gats tho Ludg;room without bsing asked to drink. (Sear, heir.) Ha trusted that the edifiw would be a substantial one, thoroughly suited t> tha reqiiremenlsof the Order, and a credit to the colony and to those Brothers who had taken the initiative ia the movement. C«ntributk>as were ihen laid on the atone. Addresses were delivered by G.&L; Battamo, P.O.M. Auttin, and Brother Brookes. The subjoined b tho arcbitestural deicription of the boOdins:— OWfellow*' HaU has ? frontage to Fraoklin-stret of 30 feet by a dep?iof TO feet The facade is to be built of bus-emoted tinted stone, with white freestone dressing*. Tue footing* up to the plinth line will be of Glen Osmond stoae, finished with a staiugof white freestone. -There is a meulded string above the. dade under the windows, re turning round the breaks of doors and window opening*, the archei oF which have lozenge keystones. Above thfl lower door anl window openings i* a cornica, on which the bases of pfruters rest, running up to the architraves of the upper comico, aad finished with moulded eapitali. The upper aniite rests on fluted brackets with dentils between. Th« parapet is finished with tup moulding, and centre is orna mented with a shield ?p«-i~^ng some of the emblems of tho Order, suppsrte 1 on each side with, cured trusses and finished with foliage. Ia the centre of the front of upper storey is a triplet window, tha sills of which rest on moulded brackets; the jambs of windows have pilasters with carved capitals. Over the centre window is aa entablature resting on handsome trusses, aad, above the cornice, is finished with an elaborate carved coronet, giving the window a bold and rather ao imposing effect. Tosh.light of front from tha Hip of footpath to the finial is S3 feet The aide and back walls, also partitions, are to be built with G'en Osmond or Mitehatn grey stones, neatly pointed The ground floor consists of entrance hill, with a lobby next the door. On each side of the lobby will be f>ar letter-bores, built into the walls, for the different Lodges that may meet in the Hall. The entrance hall ctiliog it finished with eoraiee, the ball v divided with panelled pilas ters, aurmaanted with ornamental capitals, and Banalledarch over, w-rth architraves en each side. In the bask hall is the staircase, 6 feet wile, to be* ma4e of blaekwood newels, ti>n«l?n« and balusters to be of cedar, all of which are mas- KTA. The front room oa ground fl ur is 19 feet by 16 feet, to be vied as a District office, with a store ani fireproof-room attached thereto. There are also twj other offices 16 feet by 15 feet each, and a strong room in the Hall for the use of these offices ; the fireproof doors are to be of Simpson & Son's best quality. At the rear of the main building is a yard 'with dust-bin, place for coals, and oat-offices for the convenience of the bulling, and water laid on, also oa the landing of the stairs. The hall, or Lodgeraom, is 48 feet z 27 feet, and 22 feet from floor to ceiling. The celling has a, large arc, finished with cornice round the walls and ceiling, forming th 3 ceiling into a panel, with two large ventilating centrn flowers. The ventilators in the ceiling are eirried through the roof with metal tubes under the ridga, and into a flue in the back gable. There are four ventilators oa each side of Che -roof; also four ventilators in the hall or Lodge-room, each side of the walls on the eiva. The line cornica is broken at intervals with -pairs of niiM?*Mifln% a"wnnwmfrwl with coroncti. On each side of the hall is a niche in the wall for the N.G and P.O. chain. Etch side of the niche are pilasters, finished with eroamenUl capitals supporting the architraves, the spasdrils of which are ornamental and aurmounted with handsome coronets above. At the front end of this room the triplet windows are enriched to match with the work round the niches. The sile windows in the hall are to be finished with ornamental dressings and moulded string in ft line with the sills running round the room, the sills projecting and breaking the stain;, and supplanted with brackets. The walls of halls are to be stuccoed and fined, to have a deep bald skirting; this together with the pilasters ia the hall, are to ha worked in Portland aad finiilmfl with Keene's cement, making a con trast between the walls and ornamental work; the ceiling will be tinted grey. The Hall is to be lighted with two sun-lights in the ceiling, and gas to be laid on in all the rooms. At the rear of the hall is a Committee and cloak rooms, with a gallery over the former for the purpose of arranging any regalia, tus. The cost of the bunding will be about £2,000. The style of the building is Italian. Mr. D. Garlick is the architect, and Mr. Wm. Bundey is tho builder. TBJS DISBEB. was held in the evening at the Lodgeroom, Freemasons' Tavern. Upwards of 10 j Brothers aad friends were present. The chair was occupied by P.P.O.M. Pritchard, the vica ehair being ably filled by P.G. Byng. An excellent repast, piovided by Host ltarUng, having been done justice to, tho cloth was cleared, and tha list of toasts proceeded with, the customary loyal and patriotic toasts being proposed by the Chairman and HALF- YEARLY District Meeting. The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide Dis trict of the South Australian Independent Order of Oddfellows' Friendly Society, in con nection with Manchester Unity, was held in the Refreshment-room of the Town Hall, on Tuesday, June 23, at 10 o'clock a.m. Present— Prov. G.M. Austin, Prov. D.G.M. T. Paltridge, Prov. C.S. Beyer, and the following delegates from Lodges:—Adelaide, P.G.M. W. J. Cox, P.O. Byng; Hope, P.O. Ander son, P.O. King; Victoria, P.G. Mat tinson, P.V. DeGsris; Albion, P.P.O.M. Connor, P.G. Togas ; Start, P.G. Burton; Albert, P.G. J. G. Osborn, P.G. John Osborn; Gawler, P.G. Lane, J. G. Fergic; ffindmaruli, P.G. Kovis, P. O. Finery; Koarlunga, P.O. Bnrgeas; Britannia, P.G. Cook; Onkap&iings; P.O. Attenborough; Norwood, P.G. Hedge, P.G. Booth ; Wellington, P.G. Loades; Penin sula, P.G. Hu?Eell; Newton, P.G. Ind; Mac- Donnell, P.V. Henderson ; Reynell*. P.G. Ap pleton; Higberoombe, P.G.M. Haines, P.O. Lowther; Willungs, P.G. Hardy; Gnme racha, P.G. Hutton; Mintaro, P.G. Murdoch : Temple of Peace, P.G. Hopcroft; Mitcaatn, P.G. Deans; Goolwi, P.O. Chrrstal; Smith field, P.G. Virgo; Lyndocb, P.G. Wilkinson; Bridgwater, P.G. Welfare; Worthing, . .G. Bury; Glen Osmond, P.S. Tucker; Virginia, P.O. Otlki; Port Elliot P.P.G.M. Derenub; Ha. gill, P.G. Nation ; SUvcrton, P.G. Kankine. BitiKCBSHBET. The Prov. C.S. read the balance-sheet for the past half-year, which showed the funds to be as follows:— Widow and Orphan Fend, levy and returns. £668 18s.; General Fund, levy, £78 5i 3d. Expenditure—Paid G.M. and Board of Directors, £747 3<. 3d. Funeral Fund—Be ceipts and balance lait audit, £943 lls.; ex penditure, £798; balance. £145 lls. District Fund—£cc?pts and balance last audit, £422 2s 41; cxppditure, £225 7s. 70.; balance. £196 Us. 9 auditobs' ngroar. The Auditors' report was read as follow*:— " To the Prov. G.M. and Delegates assembled. —Gentlemen aad Brothers—four Auditors have to report that they have examined tbe books and accounts, and compared them with the vouchers, and have pleasure in stating that everything has been found correct. We wuiil recoinmen 1 tSat the levy to the District fuad ba 3J. for the fi«t quarter, and none for the , s.'Cond. The expsusea incurred frooi the Fune ral Fund have bfei ao henry that it will be necessiry to make a levy of Is. CL per quarter for tha next two quarter*. We have to rtpart on tbe returns as follows:—'.awJer Lad^e — With respect to letter from this Lolgo declining to piy arrears of levies, wo must uphold our former decision —that it is due from the Lodge to the District. Whenever the Lodge is ac quainted with the fast that a Brother is paying into another Lodge oa their account, sush Uro thflr should be returned to the District as good ou the books. Short, 14i. 91, as por last report. Hind marsh Lodge—The Secretary and Auditors show a great amount of careless ness in examining the District Beturns, there being an error of 13s. 6d. in the February Ke turns, and aa error of 7s. 91 in the May lie. turos. Short, 7s. 9JL Peninsula Loige -Over pail, 9i. New Melrose Lodge—T. Oroft has been returned as suspended 12 quarters. Can it be that be is the :aim psuoa as the Tboam Croft who is Auditor? Port Elliot Lodge—J. Carr&thers; not accounted for in M*y returns. Short levies, It. 6L MiUrg Lodge—The names of members inifmted are not inserted in the Keturns. J. Tnacker not accounted for in May Re'urus. Short, 23. 61 ; but Is. overpaid on Wtdov and Orphan Fun 1 Keturns. Tempters Lodja — John Hugh and Alex Johnston, returned as suspended February quarter, not accounted for in May returns. Wo are happy to state that there v great improve ment in the makicg-up of the returns. There is oae cheque now outstanding, amounting to £12, which m ikes the b Jan.c is the Bank tal'y with the amount shown in tho bilanae-sueet. " We remain, yours fraternally, " Geo. 1L Tockbe. / Auai ors "June 14th, 1872." It was resolve.l that the balaoce- slieet anl Auditors* report b: received and adopted. DISTKICr OFFICERS' BEPOBt. The District officers' report was re id as fol lowa :— "To the Delegates Adelaide District Meeting. "Dear Sirs aad Brothers—l. Wo hive to report thtt we have approved of Magitl, Saw Melrose, Gamerncha, and Eohnaga Lodge by iaws; also alterations ia Virginia and Hope Lodge by-laws. "2. In accordance with resolution of tho Lut District Meeting, we attended at the Britannia Lodge, ci March It, 1872, aad hel 1 a Lodge of Past Grands, at -which we ha I a gv>d ait*n dance. "3. The Kbite Lidje has applied for par mission to alter their Lodge.night from Friday to Saturday, it beio; more convenient f jr mem bers to attend on Saturdays. We hive granted permission, su: ]3Ct to your appro™!, for the j Rhine Lodge to maet oa the Saturday in the Other week when the Mount Pleasant Lodge meets; the first L<«3ge-night to be held oa the Saturday wjek following their present Lodge night, and a fall fortnight.^ c tntribmioa to be paid by the members for the interval. "4. We bave received notices of expulsion from the following Lodges :—Wellington— Thomas Dale, bavin; been convicted of felony. Highercombe—Ernest A. Boehm, having been convicted of manslaughter. VirgiuU—JjUa Herring, having baen convicted of felony. *• 5. W«s have rccsived the following reports ou Ledges :—Adelaide, Hop 3, Albion. Start, Albert, Miteham, Glen Osmond, and Burn I Burn. Very good. Magill—Very good sincj ia hands of present Secretary. Newton— Books in very good order. No Treasurer's cash book produced. Aberdeen—Bc-tter than last year; the contribution bosk is added up. On the whole, carefully and rraditably kept. Onkapiringa^—Substantially correct, although a little more care might be taken to prevent errors. The item, £1810s., in November, 1871, balance-sheet, as drawn by Trustees, should nave appeared as a loss upon realising a mort gage. Directions were given to keep a proper loan aeeouat. Glare—Accounts and books very well kept; necessary to add up the totals in contribution book, anl Lodge Auditors to see that the total corresponds with amount s'lown in balance-sheet. The total worth of funds ou btlanoe-sbeet ta be filled iv every quarter. Ad vised the Lodge fr) reiuce expenses, as tLe in come has not met the expenditure for the last two years. Onetree Hill—Muddle I from bezinning. Made up cash book frura cml of 1803\. Advised tb* Lodge to have the Secretary's bond completed at once. Tempters—Nothing pasted-np since last visit. Hade up the returns [ and cash book, and advissd the appointment of a paid Secretary. "6. We have hid an opportunity of con versing with C.S. Htrt. from Victoria, snl bura ascertained that we differ materially in the manner in which we give some of our degrees. We are satisfied that the Victorian way is the one universally adopted; and we do reoonmend that Bteps be takea to authorise the degrees to be given here ia the same manner as adoptei in other countries. j •" We are, Ge&ttemen; and Brothers, yoors fraternally, *' THOUAB &XS3TTB;, ProV. G.M. " Thos. Paltetdoe, Prov. D.G.M. " A. iL BITBR, Prov. C.S. " Adelaide Di.triot Offices, 41, King William-Btreet, June 2J, 1872." The officers'report was received an>l adopted, when it was resolved, " That it is desirable to a?simn?te the method of giving degrees with that in use in the other oalonus, and that notice of motion by given fjrthe next G.A.C. accordingly." A.LO. ODDFELLOWS. The half.yearly meeting of the Adelaide Dis trict of the A.1.0. Oddfellows was held at the Prince Alfred Lodge-room, Wellington Hotel, Currie-street, oa Tuesday, July 9. Present — Grand Master, D.G.M. Chiles (acting for G.M. Hales, who from illnes was unable to attend). D.G.M., P.G.M. Dillon, Acting O.S. Dorian, and the following Dele gates :—Apollo and Hercules—P.G.M. Bag. ahaw and P.P. Thompson; Duke of Sussex— i P.P. Nottage and P.P. Botten ; Duke of York —P.P. Thompson and P.P. Todd ; Prince Albert —P.G. Osbora; Good Samaritan—P.P. Maley; Cumberland—P.P. Downs; Duke of Sent— Pres. Calder and P.P. J. Hales; Princess Boyal —P.P. Haddock aud P.P. Krischock ; Rose of Sharon—P.P. Pound and P.P. Hawkios ; Stir ling—P.P. Measday; Hopa Valley—P.P. Ind P.P. SiefcovUcb; CorawJl—P.G.M. Nottage; Tanunda—P.Sec. Rix: Tungkaio—P.P. Cam nuns ; Prince Alfred—P.P. Leane. The balance-?aeet for the but half-year was read. The receipts were—Widow and Orphan Fond, £140 35.; Funeral Fund, £140 6*.; Dis trict Fund, £149 7s. 3d. Payments—Widow and Orphan Fund, £60; Faneral Fund, £153; District Fund, £107 6s. Id. Balance of receipts over expenditure, £109 10s. 2d. The funds were accounted for as follows :—Lent on mort gage. £800; cash in Bank, aad in Treasurer's hands, £419 10t; to'al, £1,219 lOj. Tho Auditors certified to the correstuess of the accounts, and to the care'ul way in which the books had been kept; but suggested the advisability of all vouchers being given ou printed forms. In order to meet the increased donations from the Widow and Orphan Fund, it was recommended that the levies for the half, year tmmi^ be 3s. to the Widow and orphan Fund, 3s. to the Funeral Fund, and 6d. to the District Fund. After some dissuasion, in the course of which it was submitted that the state of tha funds did not warrant any increased levies, and it was stated that the amendment to the 168 th law, carried at the annual meeting, would probably be repealed, it was resolved that the levies be 2s. Cd., 2s. 61, and 6d. respectively, and with this alteration the report was adopted. The C.S. was instructed to have 300 copies of the report printed for distribution amongst the Lodges. P.P. G. F. Ind was re-elected an Auditor. The C.S. said that tbe amount voted at last meeting as a testimonial to P.G.M. Bagshaw had since been supplemented by subscriptions amongst the members, and the officers had purchased a gold watch and sham, which he ex hibited, to present to him. This had been handed to him, as they would notioe by the papers, and at the same time the Apollo and Hercules Lodge had presented him with a framed photograph of himself. P.G.M. Bagshaw acknowledged the present, and in retail presented the district with a copy of the photograph which he had received. The meeting decided that this should bo kept, at the District Office. j Three shillings each was voted to the Auditors in addition to the amount provided in the laws. The Daly and Ho]ie Lodges were fined sj. each for not tending delegates. The Duke of York Lodge applied for asrii tance in purchasing the interest of a Brother | who had been for a long tame on tteir funds. The meeting voted £8 !<>«. en the understanding that the Lodge paid the remainder—the Brother paying legal expenses. The Duke of Kent Lodge moved for the ap pointment of a Committee to revise the cere monies at present in use, but it was ruled that tbe matter could not be entertained except at the annual meeting. On the application of the Duke of Portland Lodge £5 was voted for the relief of a dis tressed widow. On another application of a like nature £2 10.*. was voted. The Duke of PortlandLodee moved—"That !it will be to the interest of th-s Order that power be given to the District Officers fur one of them to visit the Lodges in T?ftin j ?d Moonta during the present year." The propo sition was carried, and £8 mi voted to defray the expenses. On the motoa of the Rose of Sharon Lodge, the C.S. was instructed to prepare a return showing the number of members of 6, 12, and 18 yean 1 membership. Meeting adjourned. ANCIENT OKDEK OF FORESTERS. Ansual District Meetisc. Tbe Annual District Meeting of the An cient Order of Foresters was hel.l at Court Perseverance, Norfolk /rms, Rundld-etreet.on Monday and Tuesday, June 17 and 18, at 10 o'clock, when there were present D.O.R. Stra* tsn, D.S.C.R. Novis. D.T. Osmond, D.P. Dnrieu, and the following Eelcgates from Cjurta .—Peraeverani-e, P. D.S. Mallett; Happy Home, P.C.R. Tait; Homely Retreat, Sec Voges; Aus-ralU'a Pride, P.C.R. lioundy; Pride of tbi) Forest, P.D.O.K. "Hemingway; Huntsman's PrUe, P.O.U. Newman ; Foresters' lie treat, P.C.R. Notttge ; Robin Hood, P.C.R. Chalk; Rose of the. Forest, P.C.R. Day; P.ushman's PriJe, P.C.It. Nott; Mountain Glen, P.O.K. Weld; Kensington, P.C.R. Moriu; Industry, P.O. R. Mole ; Concord, Pec Xix; Adelaide, 1.0.8. Kobjohus; Woodbine Glen. P.O.R.T. Hair; Aldinga. P.C.R. Parker; i'ho?bj, P.0.1t. Townsend; Uttlejihn, P.C.B. Hocking ; Benevolence, P.C.R. Britham; Tern nerance, P.C.R. Marriott; Teatree Gully, P.D.CiC. Uaiues; Prideof the Valley, P.D.C.R. Sherring; Friendship, P.C.R. Staplctoa ; Wal laroo, C.B. Walkley; Highercombe, P.C.R 11-mnslow; Pride of the North. P.C.B. Devenish; Inchijuin, P.S. Vale; Forester-' Home, See. Datson; Plantigenet, P.O.R. Hill; Glenelg. P.C.R. Meisjay; Foresters' Call, F.O.K. Farmer; Royal Oak, P.C.R. Downing; T*o Wells, P.C.U. Co*an; Pride of the Murray. P.D.C.R. Worsnop; Star of the South, fce=. Field; Milne, P.D.C.It. Holland; Sym pathy, P.O.'«. Shipway; Charity, P.C.B. Robertson; Pride of the Blioinm, P.C.R. H>l -loway; Kivertoo, P.C.B. Harris; Saddleworth, P.O.K. Hunt; William TelL S.C.U. Harris; Williamstown. P.S. Monti. P.D.C.R- Sherring having been appointed Delegate for Courts Pride of the Valley Mid Pride of the North, he elected to sit for tbe former, and P.C.R. Devecish was allowed to sit aa Delegate for tho latter. The balance-sheet for the half-year was read, which showed the funds to be as follows:— Widow and Orphan Fund — Receipts and balance last audit, £3,047 15*. 2L; expendi ture, £20t>; balance, £2,847 15s. 2i Funeral Fu-id— Receipts and balance last audit. £1.232 7s. Id.; expenditure, £288; "balance, £9)4 7s. Id. District Fund—Receipts and balance last audit, £267 6a. BJ. ; expenditure, £116 18s. lid.; balance, £150 5(. 9d.—making the total worth of funds of the Order, £3,992 B*,, of which £3,12) was lent oa mortgage. The biUnjo-theet also showed an increase of funds for the half-year of £179175. 7J. The Auditors' report oiled the attention of Delegates to the fact that several Courts were ia arrears with their returnt, and to the care lessness of some of the Secre'arie?, as many in accuracies cc:ur in same of those sent in. The Auditors recommend the levies for tho ensuing half-year to be as follows :— 2*. per member to the Widow and Orpliaa Fund, and 2*. par mem ber to the Funeral Fond, to be paid quarterly. It was resolved that the balance sheet and Auditors' rcpjrt be received and adopted. The balance-sheet of the Benevolent Fond and Trustees' report were also received and adipted. A proposition was then made that the revi sion of the General Laws be considered before proceeding with the other business, and, after some discussion, it was adopted. The D.C. R. said that a meeting of the Dis trict Officers and Trustees had been held to crasider the action tf Court Perseverance in circulating amongst the Courts the opinion of Messrs. Stov. Bruce, and Ayere, that the pro posed alterations could njt be considered at that meeting, in CMUeqaence of their not having beea introduced, as provided in the General Law*; and that they bad resolved to lay the facts cf the case before the Crown Soli citor for hu opinion, lie called upon P.D.C.R.. Sherring, who read a copy of the case as sub mitted, and the opinion given by the Crown Solicitor, which cinfirmed the action taken by previous CosmitteeS in the revision of the laws. P.S. VaCB, at Secretary of tho Beviaion Com mittee, in moving the first law, stated that the Committee had, since their report was laid before the last District Meeting, decided to sug form a Board of Management, to consist of the District Omsers, viz, the D.0.H., D.S.C.R., and D.-i, the last also acting as Treasurer, to gether with the Trustees, who should eppsint a, clerk to perform alt the duties at present de volving upon the D.8., and that the D.S. should only attend the meetings to take minutes | of proceedings. A great deal of diacusuon followed, and a protest was entered b/ Oaurt Perseverance "against the proposed new laws being enter tained, they being contrary to General Laws, j and if passed, likely to bring tbe Order into (rraUeaud legal expense:'' J Ie was held by the Delegates that, S3 they cime there prepared to deal with the new code wbich bad been brought np at the December meeting, they could not entertain a proposition of so much importance. After a lengtby ductugion in reference to the propose! amendments, it was decided that the consideration of that douse be held over until those wbich were to provide for tbe alteration of the officers had been dealt with. Laws 2 to 23 were then passed, with soma amendments ; aud on the 2ith, which provided for the appointment of the officer*, there was a lengthy argument, the meeting rejecting the proposal ta altei the government of the Order, as well as the original proposal to abolish the office of District Treasurer, and finally passed the law iv its original form. No. 1 was also adopted as in the present laws, and clauses 25 j to 33 were passed with some alterations, aftex which the meatiug adjonrnel till next day. Tuesday, Juhe 18. After the roll was called, a proposition was made to recommit the 24th clause, but it was negatived. The whole of the other general laws-were then considered, and passed with some slight alterations or additions. Thy Arbitratioa Laws were adopted without alteration, and the District Laws with bat a few amendments. Resolved, that the District Officers be re quested to take the necessary steps for the oon lirmation and printing of the new laws. Electing District Officers—D.S.C.B. Novis was elected D.0.8., I/.T. Oilman D.S.C.R., P.C.R. Stapleton D.T., and D.S. Darieu was re-elected. P.O.R. Marriott was elected Audi tor in place of P.O.R. Alcock. wbo retires. The salary of the District Secretary was fixed at £76 for tbe ensuing year. Appeals against fines for late returns—Sad dlewerth, £1 la. remitted; Bushman's Home, £2 2*.—£lls. remitted; Industry, £2 2s.—£l Is. remitted; Waiianutown, £1 Is.remitted. Application for repayment of £L, charged to a Brother in consequence of his detention of goods on the close of a Court. Not enter tained. An application from Courts Wallaroo, Little john, and Foresters' Home, to form a separate district, was refused. Court littlejohn brought forward the case of a Brother who had appealed at the last I annual meeting, against his expulsion from the Court, on which occasion the decision of tbe Court was reversed. The facto of tha case were explained* and, after some discussion, tbe matter was held over until next meeting. An application was made by a Brother of Court Homely Ratreat for the funeral donation on account of bis late wife, which bad been withheld owing to his having been bad on the books at the time of her death. The amount was voted. Court Littlejohn made an application for a j supplementary gift of £5 oa account of a Brother in distress, which was not entertained. P.D.C.R. Sherring tendered his resignation as District Trustee, and after explaining bis reason for so doing, his resignation was accepted, and P.D.C.R. Sttatton was elected Trustee in his place. The following Brothers were elected members of the Benevolent Fond Committee for the ensuing year :—P.D.O.R. Holland, P.D.C.R. Sherring, P.D.O.R. Hemmingway, P.D.C.R. Stratton, D.T. Alcock, P.C.R. Thompson, aid P.O.R. Newman. Resolved, that the Delegates at the ad journed meeting receive £1 each, to be paid by their respective Courts, and be deducted in the next quarterly retains. It wia resolved that the District Officers re ceive fiLesch. per day during this meeting. It was resolved that the balance-sheet and business connected with the Benevolent Fond be brought on after the general business of the District is concluded. The newly-elected District Officers were then duly installed, and the usual testimonial voted to the retiring D.O.R. Brother Stratton, and the minutes read and confirmed, the meeting closed. _ EBL-MISCELLANEOUS. ADELAIDE SHIPPING. Thefollowingfignres exhibit the shipping trade of Port Adelaide during the three months ended June 30, last. The total value of shipments of South Australian produce from Port Adelaide to Great Britain amounted to £249,688, against £492,563 in the three months ended March 31. Of course, ihu great diffe renco is mainly caused by the wool ex ports coming into the first quarter, although in the same period the exports to Great Britain of breadstuff's were seven times greater than during the last three months. The items of export homeward for the last quarter were as follow:— Wheat, 3,353 quarters, valued at £7,491; flour, 353 tons, £4,335; copper, 37,884 cwt., £181,194 ; copper ore, 4 tons, £60 ; silver-lead ore, 55J tons, £2,144; bis muth ore, 16 tons, £250; wool, 1,889 bales, £30,480; bark, 1,750 V tons, £7,279; tallow, 3.24G cwt., £4,871 ; wine, 13,387 gallons, £3,770; leather, £3,266 ; preserved meats, £4,244; mis cellaneous, £3,470. The above goods were shipped by the vessels undermen tioned, and which sailed as per dates annexed :—Joshua Bates, April 9 ; Cam Tual, April 13; Garnock, April 16 ; River Indus, April 30 ; Mary A. Wilson, May 1; Capiolani, Hay 4 ; Rifleman, June 10 ; City of Dublin, June 10; Mary Blundell, June 25. The wheat and iiour shipped to England during the first six months of the present year were valued at £89,751; the minerals at £252,218 ; and the wool at £327,693. Shipments to Victoria during the quar ter last ended were valued at £35,909, against £37,060 for the first quarter. The articles so exported were : —wheat, £8,035 ; flour, £3,092 ; barley, £3,99fi ; dairy produce, £1,847 ; fresh fruit, £582: wine, £615 ; wool, £950; copper, £45; bark, £990; flax, £103; live stock, £1,365 ; miscellaneous, £9,352. We sub join a list of the vessels sailing from Port Adelaide during the last quarter, with the above-mentioned produce, showing also the quantities of wheat and flour taken by each : — During the last quarter the exports from Port Adelaide to New South Wales amounted lo £62,438, against £02,933 in j the quarter immediately preceding. The items consisted of—wheat, £9,781; flour, £48,141; bran, £108; copper ore, 3,297 ; fresh fruit, £68 ; miscellaneous, £1,043. The ships were as follow : — To Queensland, the shipments from Port Adelaide during the past three ; months amounted to £59,744, against £35,029 in the next preceding quarter, all being breaistuffs except £IG3 mis cellaneous. Tho vessels are named' beneath :— To TSew Zealand, the East Lothian (May 20) took 100 tons of floor and 63 tons of bark, valued together at £1,740 ; and on Jane 12 the Grace Darling took 120 tons of floor, valued at £1,680, and £298 worth ot miscellaneous—altogether at £3,718, against £30,386 of the pre ceding quarter (£26,803 of which was for wheat and flour). Oa April 11 the Kohinoor took 300 tons of flour, valued at £4,200, to New Caledonia; and on the 4th June the Ella Gladstone sailed for Hongkong with oats, preserved meat, and miscellaneous goods, the whole valued at £470. To Western Australia our shipments were as under:— And also £25 minor items. The total value of all oar shipments from Port Adelaide during the three months ended Jane 30 last would, therefore, be £420,618, against, £720,316 in the first quarter of the year, j THB MISSING BOAT PARTY. On Saturday and Sunday the subject of the missing pleasure party was almost the sole topic of conversation, and, of course, as is usual in such eases, all sorts of wOdrumors were abroad, which made the suspense in die public mind grow hourly more p""*"1 On Friday night the steamer Sophia returned from her cruise, but she brought no tidings of lie parly. On leav ing Port Ad«ln'd" she crossed the Gulf, and ran down the coast to Black Point, thence re crossed the Gulf, and "*"i""i the Port Gawler beach, but she found no traces I whatever of tbe missing gentlemen. Surprise { has been expressed that tike steamer should ! have taken the coarse she did, as the proba bDities seem to be that traces would more likely have been found lower down the Golf, but Captain Wells acted, we believe, under directions. On Saturday morning consider able excitement was caused in Adelaide by the report that some articles had been washed op on the Aldinga beach, which seemed to indicate that a sad accident must have happened to the party. On enquiry we found that Mr. Hack, of Aldinga, had sent information to town thalanlS-feetoar and asmsll keg of fresh water had been thrown up on the Wiilunga beach. On tbe afternoon of that day Mr. Geo. White and some relatives proceeded to Aldinga Bay and collected the several pieces of wreckage. They then brought them to Glenelg, where some of tho articles were identified as belonging to tho missing boat. Respecting this, however, fall par ticulars are given in a statement below, which has been furnished to the press by Mr. White. On Saturday morning Mr. George White and Mr. T. F. Monteith, parents of some of the excursionists, waited on the Chief Secretary to ask that the pjlice might be instructed to institute a search along the coast for any traces of the party, and the Chief Secretary readily consented to give immediate instructions to the police and other officials along tha line of coast to make a careful examination of the coast at far a* Gape Jervis. Private searching parties hivo also been organise.!, so that the whole eastern coast liiie of St. Vincent* Gulf will snon bs examined. Mr. George White informs as tb&t; he started from iLcs<-fi'?lil at 2 p.m. on Saturday fur Port Willunga, with his sob Charles, his son-ui-iaw, Mr. Charles Pearce, of Kent Town, and Mr. W. Poillis, of Mount Pleuaut. They arrived at | Aldinga Bay just before dark, and git a good deal of information there. On Sunday morning tbey went in different direction* for the various articles which had been found on the beach. Mr. Phillis then went down the shore about five miles towards Rapid Bay, bat saw no wreckage whatever. At the same time Messrs. Charles White and Pearce pro ceeded from Aldinga Jetty to the month of the Onkiparinga, examining carefully tbe beach and the eaves, but without effect. In tile meantime the recovered articles had been collected, and the party started for Glenelg with them. (We may here mention that the things east up on the beach w< re—a cask, corked, autul full of fresh water, which was discovered (dose to the jetty ; a new oar, without any marks ; a deal pump p. iatod black, and measuring 4 feet C inches long; a basket; a piece of deal boarding, marked VI. and VII., also several other piece* of wood. All, except the caai, were found at varying i'istiuces. covering a spice of about six miles iv the direction of Rapid Bay.] On reaching the Bay, the articles were B'iown to persons who were in a. position to identify them, with the following result:—Mrs. Sugars, the wife of one of the boatmen, recognised the basVot, as did also Beveral residents of the Bay Mrs. tfaiuea, the wife of the other boatman, identified an i-ight- gallra keg with leather lip at tli.! bunghulc, aid iiaintcd bLick; she also rocogitiscd a wap.ka.tcli out uf the sterusheeU. Mr. V'atcs, the owu« of the Colleen Bawn. rccoiniaeJ a piece of the hatch, with the numbers V/. and VTL An old hat was also fourU, but it was not known by any person there, and from its sijtpearauce it had been in the water a long while. Up to sundown on Suaday nothing additional had been wisbel athore, aud nothing has been discovered in the shape of clothing which could be identified as belonging to any of the members of the missing party. During Saturday aud Sunday troopers, sicling under the direction of the Government, have been scouring the eastern coist- lina of the CSulf, seeking for any further traces which might throw additional light upon the fate of the absent gentlemen. XJp to a late hour on Sunday Mr. Sheppard's cutter th«t had been dispatched in search had not returned to GUcelg. At a Ute hour la?t night communicatioa was had with the Glcnelg and Willung* Telegraph Offiies, but no further information was re ceive 3. Oar shipping reporter als? inforjis us that the captain of the Penola, who came up the Gulf on Sunday, reports that he saw no wreckage. The terrible suspense in which the families of the missing gentlemen have been kept hu tvoked the warmest expressions of public sym pathy, though of CDCrje thes? can avail bat little to alleviate the dreadful anxiety which oiuat lie felt by those wbo seem to be hoping well nigh against hope that their relatives m iy jet be safe. We are sorry to hear that the agitation and excitement of long-continue 1 sus ucuse has brought on the premature confinement of the wife of Air. E. B. White, one of the party—a circumstance which we are sure will enlUt for her a still Larger share of the public compassion. The impression is now deepening into conviction that some Bid cttastrophe befel tho party da-ing the stormy night when they put to sea, and the absence of any waif 4 which would conclusively prove this, is thought to indicate that the boat must hive gat water logged ani.foundered in the Gulf. {From Friday's A Ivertiser.} There can, we think, be little doubt left, even in the minds of those who have hitherto been most swgainc, that the missing boat has foundered in tbe Gulf, and that the party re apse ing whose safety so mnch concern has been manifested hava all b >en drowned. Painful as it it to give np all hope of their safely, the evidence seems overwhelmingly in favor of the supposition that this melancholy fate must have befallen them. The Gulf and the coasts enclosing it and the northern chores of Kan garoo bland have been examined, without, however, giving any traces of the mining party, other than the waifs which hare beea picked up on the Aldinga Beach. On Thnrs3ay we received a, vbit*f-om Ca.pt. A. Martin, if the cutter Sultana, of Glenelg, j and Messrs. R. F. Barton and G. H. Oldham, I who returned on Wednesday night from a cruise ' in tbe GnK ia search of the missing party, but i they were uasuccestfol ia finding any traces whatever of them. They left Glenelg j on Friday night in the Sultana, and ran across to Oyster Bay, where tbey saw Shepard, the boatman, wbo had started pre viously, aid had been examining the coast without, however, any result. On leaving Oyster Bay, Captain {Martin sailed along Ute ! Peoiasula eoa«t to Salt Creek and Sultan* Point, and then took a course across tile Straiis to Kingscote and American River (Kangaroo bland). At the latter place they met the mailman, who had just travelled np the inland, and hai tftordj nothing what ever from the settler* there which would tend to throw any light on the object of tkeir search. The Sultana left Kangaroo Island oa Monday night with a strong wind from the north, which prevented her making the eastern coast. Accordingly die made Sultana Point again, and thenc; came across the Gulf to Port Adelaide at 5 o'clock on Wednesday evening. They saw or heard of no trace what ever, and the settlers An the Peninsula and also amining the coast A request was left not only with the settlers on Kangaroo Island, but also with a survey party at Oyster Bay, and other persons who were met with, to forward at once to Adelaide any informa tion which might tend to throw some light on tbe fate of the missing party. Captain Martin is of opinion now that the boat must . have foundered. He thought it possible that I if she had been disabled she might have made Kangaroo f«i«?J t and this was tbe only hope he had of her safety, but it is certain that the excursionists have not been there. The Stella, which was the name of the mj"""g boat, was lightly built, and was low in tbe water. She bad two tons of stone ballast on board, snd if she bad been cap sized, the ballast could not all have fallen out, as some of it would have been caught by the half-deck, and would have carried tbe boat to tie bottom. On Thursday evening Chief Inspector Searcy received the following telegram from P.T. McKJeevor, at Aiding*.:—"Stand a pair of elastic side boots on Aldinga shore yesterday. Will forward the same by to-morrow's bass." We fear that the relatives and friends of the missing party cannot be encouraged to hope for the safety of the absent ones. There can be little doubt, we think, that the fearfnl squall on Sunday night, 23rd June, struck the little craft with fatal effect, and that none of her passen gers are alive to toll the tale. Respecting the violence of the squall, we are informed that the steamer Lubra was struck by it in Spencer* Golf with such force as to split the mi'itiii 1. snd cause great alarm in tbe minds of all oa board. ROYAL AGRICULTURAL AND HORTI CULTURAL SOCIETY. A meeting of the M.nojwng Committee of the above Society was held at tbe offices on Friday morning, July 5. Present—Mr. S. Davenport (President), Horn. A. B. Hurray, J. Grader, Messrs. J. Chambers, B. W. Andrews, W. Thompson, C Peacock, A. Adamson, H. Foote, A. Mackenzie, E. W. Pitts, B. Holland, G. Wyatt, T. Johnson, J. S. Bagshaw, W. Hackett, W. Murray, 3. Cobblediek. 3. Gillard, E. Langhto?, C. Laughton. H. Hughes, R. Smith, T. Hardy, G. McEwin, W. Everard, A. M. Simpson, W. Ferguson, and C. J. Coates (Secretary). It was resolved, upon the motion of Mr. Andrews, seoonded by Mr. Thompson—"Tbit this meeting record on its minutes its sense of tbe loss tbe Society has sustained in the death of an old member and President, the EUm. John Baker, whose active, zealous, and abta devotion to its interests over many yean greatly aided in the development of the Society on the basis it * now occupies, and that a copy of this minute, accompanied by the expression of their sincere sympathies, beforwarded to Ho. Baker." It was resolved, upon the motion of Mr. Holland, neoonded by Me Pitta— ** That this Committed thank the Government for having taken speedy action to protect this province from the threatened introduction of the foot sod mouth disease, and earnestly request tie regulations in force prohibiting tbe importa tion of cattle from Victoria may not be re. laxed untO there is reliable evidence that the disease there has been stamped out." Mr. lianghton and Hon. J. Crazier urged the importance of ? quarantine ground being pro vided, at which cattle arriving by sea ahould be stationed for *> certain period for examination. The Hon. A. B. Murray intimated that a Bill was passing through Parliament providing for the contingency pointed out Mr. Everard ob served that pigs were also affected by the disease. He thought legislative action should also be taken against the in troduction of disease in such animals. After a brief discussion upon the im portance of immediate action being takes, rela tive to the foot and month disease, it was re aolved that the Pastoral Committee wait upon the Government to offer suggestions and set forth the opinion of the Society in re ference to the question. The various Sub- Committees' reports were brought forward. The Pastoral Committee having in their report struck off the Devonclass for cattle, Me Holland expressed an opinion that the matter should be re-ooottdered. He pointed out that Dawn cattle were a most desirable stock to encourage. They worked harder, and could travel much farther to market than other breeds without losing condition materially. Mr. Chambers, aa a member of tbe Pastoral Committee, explained that Devon cattle had been excluded because during the past few yean there bad been but very few exhibits In that class, and because what were exhibited wen not true Oevoos, The Committee, therefore, believing the das* almost extinct in the colony, bad struck tb*m ont of the prize list However, on behalf of the Committee, l.c said he thought there would be no objection t-> K. priie being offend if desired. It m resolved tint a prize of £5 ss. should be given for the beat collection of fire Devon cittU. Mr. E. Laughtoo also , brought forwaid the question of dassifyi?g stall-fed sheep and cranked sheep, contend, ing thatit was desirable that they ehoold be exhibited in distinct dames. He believed if the Managing Committee confirmed the re commendation of the Pastoral Committee, it would seriously affect their exhibitions, as he thought the majority <* eheep fanners would be excluded. In hortieu! ture, exhibit* were thown in diftinet classM, and in the pastoral department that rule *v recognised in other countries. He was aup parted in bis opinion by a very Luge number of tine ?c«jli?>t; sheepfarmen, and axged the ad visableness of a distinction in the rissses being made, because the recommeodatiou of tin Pastoral Committee did not, he thought, repre sent the opinion of the majority of the sbeep f amen, nor the opinion of the Sab-Committee, at whose meeting there were but few pretest. He believed at the forthcoming August Show many exhibitors would be conspicuous by tbeir absence if the Sub-Comnittee's recommenda tion were adopted, and it would possibly lead a aheepfarmers holding an exhibition of sheep independent of the Society. The Hon. Mr. Crozier supported Mr. Lsughton1* remarks, expressing an opinion that the great difficulty —that of defining the eUans—would he ob viated if prizes were offered in each das*. Mr. Pitts contended that the general opinion was ia favor of no distinction bang made, bat that the two classes should be shown together, the best animal taking the priza. Hie considered it unbecoming ti Mr. Laughton to bring for* ward the question with a view to reverse a decision which had been arrived at after rery careful consideration. Hessid no distinction was nude in Hew South Wales in the exhibition of artificial and natural fed sheep, and main tained, on the ground of fairness, that showing the two dimes together wu more desirable, as the small farmer could then compete with the larger exhibitor. The Hon. Mr. Murray also supported Mr. Liughlon's views, remarki?g tnii he believed showing grass-fed and stall, fed sheep together wouU destroy «b. exhibition* of sheep. After discussion it was resolved—That the prises to be offered be equally divided into two classes—shed and stall-fed sheep, and sheep grazing at large. The President (Mr. Davenport), Mr. Pitts, and the Secretary were then instructed to make the necessary alterations in the sheep certificate. The Secretary was requested to bare the forms for honorable mentions altered into certificates for first prize, to be issued as first-data certifi cates for champion prize*. The President, the Chairmen of the Pastoral and Agricultural Committees, Hon. J. Crozier, and Mr. W. Everard were appointed a Committee ef Ma nagement for the August Bhow. Mesara. H. Hughes, W, Ferguson, and B. Smith were ap pointed a Committee of Management for the ploughing match. The Secretary was instructed to amsge all the shows for the year ending 3l?t March, 1673, and also to issue aU certifi cates of merit to future prizetakcrs framed. The Hon. A. B. Hurray gave notice that be wonld at next meeting take the sense of the Committee whether Chairmen of Sab-Com mittee* should not have a deliberative vote as well as a casting rota. The Chairman men tioned that a special prize challenge gold cap, open to all die colonies, to be rampeW far at the February Show, 1673, bad bees offend for the best six greasy combing merino rams' ewes' fleeces, not exiwwdmg 12 months* growth, cut fr-am sheep under 20 months of ace. A letter was received from the Chief Secretary, drawing attention to the proposed International Inhibition, to be heM ia London oa Ist May, 1873, and forwarding copy of the O*uummemt Gazette, containing the rales and regulation* laid down for the conduct of the exhibitors, and Betting forth the Baton of the exhibits that would be received, and requesting that the Society co- operate wish the Government in directing attention to the exhibitum, or by sag gesting any pan by which South Australian produce might be adequately aad judiciously represented. The President, Vice-Presideats, and Secretary were appointed a Committee to cany out the suggestion of the Chief Secretary. He McEwin having brought before the notue of the Committee tLe ravages, made in Victoria by the vine disease, moved—"That it is desirable to remit to the 'Wine Committee the question of the vine diseases— Oiditcm Tmektrii sad Phjfhzart, which are ravaging the vine yards of Europe; the former of which has made its appearance in the neigh boring colony of Victoria, with the view of taking steps as far as possible to prevent their infaodadaoa iato thic colony." Carried. PbXSCE AtPKED COFFtm MWDW aSTD SMTLTMG COXPAXY (Lnrm ). -The half yearly nwntinc of this Company was held at White's Arbitration Keom, Cat; Wfflmm street, on Thursday, Jane 97. There woe IS gentlemen present, and Mr. F. J. Betting ocsapied the chair. The report* aad faaUace sheet were taken as read. Ih? Directors re port stated that—"ln presenting the half yearly report the Director* bam little to add, a* to the financial position of the Company, to the report submitted to the wtorfhnMars at the special meeting held oa tike 6th Jane. The engine aad other machinery andeoMltiag. furnaces having bam bow erected, fbajr hope thai further expenditure ef this class will be now nearly dosed. The formation of a tank for storing water for the use of the ameiring works is the only matter requiring iminrdisrr attention. Since die bat half- yearly meeting Captain Bryant baa resigned. The Directors have appointed Mr. Williams to the post of Underground Captain, bat Captain Bryant is to continue to act at Consulting Captain. : The period for which Mr. Jones, the smelter, va engaged, having jut expired, they have not renewed the engagement, aa they consider the salary was more than the mine could afford. The Directors have appointed Me Wave as General Superintendent of the Mine, whose report gives every la-1 formation as to wuOiu&a;, ska* Me ! Simpson asked the Chairman why, in aaak. I ing op the baunee-sheet, the amount not yet called spin allotted shares had beeatakea in as an asset which h«d not been done ia for mer bUance- aheets ? This nude it appear as if they had made a profit of £L.O?, fastaad of which they had made a loss of about £3£oo. The Chairman said it was an asset, aad was liable as such to meet Kahaittns. Mr. Ingleby thought the unpaid eaQa ahoald be made aa. asset Me Oriffithi inentiotted that the Chairman at the last meeting (ate. tagleby) bad stated that the mine was paying £400 over working expenses, Mr. Ingleby said he, with Mr. Chamoek and another gentleman, went over the monthly sheets about 4he time of last meeting, and they found that the working ex penses were about £1,400 a. month, sad that they might ;nekou the income at £1,400 a month. There was one furnace then, which had ceased working, but the estimate had been made as if it were still working. It appeared by the balance-sheet that £6,557 had been expended ia raising ore, which had realised £4,507. so that there was a loss of something like £2,000, bat against this they ehonU consider the sinking of the abaft. The Chairman, in answer to a question as to whythsre had been such a loss, said the ore was not so rich now; they had come to a huge lode whitawM very dradgy, and it took a deal of time to separate tin ore from the mattocks. It would not do to send ore down to Adelaide to sell, because of the expense of cartage. When the weather cleared up, they coaU ob tain dry wood, and go on smelting, hot they oouldnotdo so with green wood, Mr. Lake said they did not lose s> much when they were sending down the ore to Port Adelaide. The Chairman pointed oat that they were raising the best ore surface ore, at that time, bat now they were getting down lower, and the on was not so rich. Mr. Lake amid he had heard that the Prince Alfred Miae ana looting as well now as ever it did. The Chairman agree* with this to a gnat extent. Me Lake aaU hy the balance-sheet it appeared as if they •wad £5,700. Would the Daeotom say how they were going to meet this! The Chairman pointed oat that this matter had been settled at a special meeting at which Me Lake was not present. Me Ingleby said he told the shareholders then Oat if capital wen sot found to work the mine, they would have to go in for liquidation. Mr. Like aaid, giving them selves credit for everything they could natise in three montLa, they wen £3,700 to the bad. The Chairman said they had put a plan before the Directors to meet this. Me Lake had taken credit for the increased advantage aeeared hy that, and then they could not da it Me lu gleby said, looking at the matter ia the face, it came to this—they were £3,000 to the had. (Me Like-"Yes. that fait.") Well, if it cime to tiqnjdatioa they could meet that. Me Lake—Bat Iwmddnotaeathemiaefor£lo,ooo. Mr. Ingleby-WeU. then, why eotaplaia ? The mine must not be stopped far a Ira- emails. for if it wen the smelter, wonld leave, aadthey would not be able to oMain them agsia. When they obtained dry wood they wouldbe able to go on again. Me QrinUhs thought Me Lake knew very wen that they had a* a valuable property. They were, however, only raaaingit down. (Beae hear, and no.) He did not think Mr. Lake wrottseU In* share in it for a trifle, and neither wonld any of them. Ifaayttades man in Adelaide wart"to patwae the course they ware pursuing, andcry down ha own property ia such a manner, the Banks would aooa aVdowa upon him, and he wouU be iasoiveat before he knew it. If the Directors wen to 4s than- hast no doubt they would he aMe to give them a dividend in six aunthstfaae. (Laaghtor. aad the Chairman-"Mo; na* in aix awnthQ Be would more the adoption of the report and balance-sheet In reply to Me Bamako, the Chairman stated that £100 over^qpsmaaa par month could be madeif they had wood and water orhe believed so. Me Lake aaaandud the adasJ tion of the report, whioh was oaroed. Me Lake was then appointed a Dbeatar ia plaae of Mr. B. ClmnnmnTlrn. had ■a^sTlh, Stodartwaaappaiatedan Andttar, Mr. lake meationsd that aeveral of the -* wished to know why Captain Bryant had bee. appoints bm^oteTfCb, iST Th. Chairman aud Oaptala Bryant waa oaly ' engaged when required; it was not a fixed office. It was thought advantageous to have his services as he knew a great deal abont the mine, and he worked perfectly hamumicady with Mr. Ware, who w*s a relative. Mr. Ive I mentioned that he saw Captain Bryant tbeatber day, andhesUtodtfaattherewajnearer6veyeus than three years of ore ia the mine to keep their furnaces going. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Lake *uf thuTJompany aad theMatUwarrjnralaCamnanv ahonUjoin to work cut the lido wSchrai through their respective properties, nvmtnc out that the MatUwanangaU Mine hadpteatr of water wkiek ttii Compuy bad MtTaaa sberefoxe wanted. The Chairman expressed hiasett atroagly oppose! to the idea, but stated that it was a^matter for the consideration of On Direeton. The meeting dosed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Another of oar earliest colonists baa passed away. Among our obituary notices to day will be found the name of Mr. Oscar J. tines, l*te of Finfoa, ia this province, who died at bis residence on Thursday after a abort but severe iUneas. Mr. lines was born in 1814, of a good family, near St. Alban'*, ia Hertfordjliirr, where bis mother died at an advanced age not more than ttven yean ago. Leaving home early h« was, at 20 years of age, clerk in a mercantile house at Ris de Janeiro. Thence teteming to nw''"'* he became one of the earliest eakaist*. landing in South Aastnlu ia 183 C. Hedevot U hiuuelf chUfly to tinning, and for many yean his name huabeen consUntiy idenlinea with the proeeediags of the Agricultural and Horti cultural *ud other kindred Societies, on whose list his name still staTtd* as one of the Jndgta at the rnsaing Exbioition. He was aUo known as a keen and accomplished sjnjrt> maa. Ec has rear. of whom are married and settled ia the eoWny. During the past few months Mr. Hue*'* health has been somewhat hnp-ired, and on Saturday last he was attacked by ao acute di*eise, from which bu medical attendants did not at first anticipate a fatal result, aad on Wednesday thought him s?mswh*t better. From that tin*, however, he gndotllr sol, and died abut 1 oVlock on Thursday, being the da* fixed for the asarriage of his second 4a^ghtae The deceased gentleman was essentially a domestic man, a kind hasbaad, an affrntmmta father, aad a good neighbor. His integrity of character, ajnuaeii of heart, and genial open handad hospitality, endeared him to a large circle of friends, by whoa, as well as by his family, he will be long and siacerely lamented. The Queen's Wharf presented quite an animated appearane? oa Saturday afternoon from the fact that qtriek preparations wen being made on board the Claymore for aa early start, this vessel taking a large number of passengers for Port Darwin. They comprise a Government survey party under charge of Mr A. H. Smith, a couple of gold-prospecting parties, and several persons who intend to com- mence storekeeping in the Northern Territory. The list is as follows:- Messrs. A. H. Smith, J.T. Barrow, A.Peachy, J. T. Cockburn (of the Government survey party), Messrs. Otto Peters Walter Peters, — Catchlove, W. Stow, Fiveash, Thomas Neate, Elphick, and K. Strawbridge. cabin; Messrs. Gooch, Oldham, Hines, aad Craig in charge of a dozen horses, John Cram- man, W. C. Pledge, J. Robertson — Kelly. J. Galloway. D. Radford. J. Ford, L. J. Hoskins. W. G. Goodchild, A. Buchanan, C. Crisp, T. Barrett. D. Wald. Thomas Phillip, A. Prior, B. Cruickshank, James Bull, Francis Manning John Herrickson. D. Sutherland, James and Mary Howe. Thomas O'Neill, G. Christian Hans Anderson, John Grainger Alex. Smith, John Glenorchie, Daniel Coady, and D. Beet- son, second cabin. A very large number of rneuds canw to hij these laasasrcoloanmi fare wdL The BEsn. the Tre .surer and aeveral members of Parliamart visttod the vessel on the afternooj of her advertised departure, and they appeared to evince a great deal of interest ia the matter. The tag was ordered to take the ship to the anchorage at 4 o'doek, bat it was not un« early on Sunday mom ing that she towed the vessel ant. He evening at the P«rt w*s very livery, a same proportion of the emigrants havisg aaqaaad 1 Horthern Territory enthusiasm and reckless . nem ia their nrerioas vaits t> North *—*?«. ; and the new chums caUhlnz the infaenas. thing* generally were gty and feattva. Haw* 1 ever, some step; at Ford's, aome at AJDaaV. , mnme t?mW«l <)uWJy tat* their bualn, aski. ' ether* >v xUo! dumu the hatch ways, aad abont midnight all was peacef aL At 8 o'doek an 1 B*nd*y morning the Btesasr tag task the ' Cmymare in tow aad a athooner at the tame ; time. About hal^paat 9 sails wen aufarfea, , aad it wai evident a real start was mrsat HaviagpaasHtbe lifhthomK, the Press boat draw ep; Ilir luriufilii i ■iitnliim'. sinial adozenfiieadsof the pawangesa inpp^i into , Jagoe's boat, after aDfectisnite leavetskmcs, . then a riagiag cheer, and ■nathir, and anethtr, t marked Oe Uog farewwlL The bnese wsa vary Uverahfe, and in aO lawhahiSty the Ola* - ; ma?WottUgetthraagh?^ckstaia Imaagehe , fandaik. The Prem baatwent back to the ' flisasphnm with fan canvas aad a nowiag ata, the Horthern Territory aiwaUwu wjavsag . tato as toag as then* was aaychanea of ssgnsls Imingraaaraiaea, , The half-yeariF meetine of nhare hoUcn ia the Taoaker Miamg Coamaay waa ; held at the Offiaes, HindTey- ttteet, amfklday t aftetnoon, Jane 28. Then wen aavan gaatle t ssanpresent,a?d Me L. Clyde,MJ.,|i.iiliiff. : The Dn-ncton, in then- renort. atatoa that the ' ksdeatthe724athom level was cat at the end J of gehraary. aa expect**, and that, after f driving aonth an the lsda for ahoat thne fathoms, Stephen's wi[?]s, coming down from the fiz-btham level thcongh Bvenrd'a band-, i wsa "haiesT throagh early ia April. The . quantity and anility of the ere in Enurd a , haneh ana ia the t?4e at the 7* had, haw. s ever, been very diCerent [ram what thrr r had every reason to expect, and had nmn\ t maeh surprise and disasspssjrtssent They I regretted to report that lost week the trustees F for the debaaton Bnaennllrw took f isnsasa . «f Che mine as part of then- aeearisy. aa that . theDinetamhadualtssaative bnttaatopa? ■ oncrstions at once. They had uasi null aa ex t traordinsry (; enenJ.a?tiagfnrthef M r>me«f i winding as the Chmmany, aa the iimsiaisn. na . called capital was not .a«nira< to jeamfy the I OoaManyineftiiw|Hiug to cany en the mine '. aayfongee While uwpiy lilting thisan ) fortunate result, the Director* felt that they s had done everything in their p>w«r to aecara r success, aad wen ao oaagnins of nnaiagarich l saneatthaTS, thatia erder ia nach Uthey i personally gasnafeed a large psrtisn ef the ) OosspanyaoVoaia&sAtike; ftsak, sal wwsM • bcToUsjed to pay at least £MW eat ef l thetowTpookeU inimdtiatrfr, in nnditian ; to their own calls. They could net acanow. i ledge that the various lodes ia the property ■ ha? been faiiiybnted ret, and wmafaenrnM i Uista? extension of the wwoinp with iscger l capital might atOI lead to gaod results. The I CbairaMn, in moving the a4opt^ef the report L andbalanmAeet,l^,aaUaereKretteitsswa 1 waa net a larger atnistasno? ef shsTrsislnors. and he wai aw* sorry that tike Directors bad I such a report to prosent Six meaths ags they i had reason to expect that the am weaU i be ia a goad poaUioa, aad they spsro led fa belkvo that th« 7% fathom level i wonld turn out very datenntiy. They > were, however, disappointed. As they wan i perhaps aware, the Trustees ef the dekentan bondneMesuhad ecicsd the nmsjmtj, aad the Directors MS, in coasequenca, sea|n.ndud snarl tiioa. Next week aa extranrdir try mnttmg ef shareholden anrdd be held, he suppaofj, to coasider a nropoaslto wind up theCsmaany. What course the trustees would uamai ha aaewnot,l«tpresamod they would saD the mine. The Dintton, personally, wan iaamiy interested, aa they held about half the il in They had none their beat, and hoi mutertn natoly failed, as many other men had dens hi saining. Mr. B. J. Shepherd aeconded the ny elation, which wm carried. The mtstjagthm laaed. ——— X.— APPENDIX. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED. TUESDAY. JUNE 18. LUFRA, 672 tons, James Hodge, from Lon- don March 16; Downs March 17. Passengers — Mrs. Hodge and daughter, in the cabin. Philip Levi and Co., agents. SATURDAY, JUNE 29. MARTHA BIRNIE, 831 tons, Wm. Taylor, from London March 19. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. FRIDAY, JULY 12. PEKINA, 720 tons, Wm. Orchard, from London April 11. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. Passengers — Mr. Swan, Miss Orchard, Miss Ward, and Miss Arnold, in the cabin. CLEARED. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26. MARY BLUNDELL, 822 tons, William Wood, for London. Passengers — Mr. and Mrs. James Martin, Miss Ellen Martin, Miss Clara Cook, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Butte, Miss Annie Butte, Master Charles Butte, Mrs. Evans, Mr. S. J. Turnbull, in the cabin; and Mr. A. J. Lively, in the second cabin. EXPORTS. MARY BLUNDELL, for London.— 4,281 tiles, 1,235 cakes, E. & A. Copper Com- pany; 6,541 do., 1,758 ingots do., Pro- prietors Wallaroo Mines; 552 do. silver-lead, Talisker Mining Company; 1,140 bags, 40 bales bark, 47 casks tallow, D. and J. Fowler; 19 bales wool, 20 do. gluepieces, 10 do. leather, 2 do. horns, 17 tons bark, J. Colton and Co.; 391 bags bark, 1 case manufactures, F. Clark and Sons; 22 bales wool, 9 casks seal skins, Cleland, Mitchell, and Co.; 2 cases gum, 1 do. wax, G. Phillips and Co.; 60 tons bark, 16 bales leather, 5 do. wool, D. and W. Murray; 1 do. leather, 3 do. clippings, T. Johnston; 75 do. wool, 11 do. leather, 8 casks tallow, 1 case jam, 156 tons bark, 1 case, Stilling and Co.; 10 bales wool, 1 cask tallow, 1 do. tongues, Grant and Stokes; 49 bales wool, 1 case skins, 2 do. gum, Bean Brothers; 87 bales wool, 500 bags bark, 44 bales leather, 6 casks skins, W. Peacock and Son; 1 cask ox tongues, 17 do. tallow, 14 cases bones, 652 do. preserved meat, Adelaide Meat-Preserving Company; 176 bdls. wool, J. Taylor; 22 do. do., Acraman, Main, 0 a « *S ll 1G 17 21 30 May 8 14 21 29 Jap. 4 T2 12 19 25 25 Coorong Alexandra "ooroog ..• Royal shepherd ... .tiding* Coorong Name of Vessel. q™. ~ - _ I -I - teat £ - - - - " " tone. 28i 50 2* 15 GO >nr. £ S72 640 35 195 901 Royal ShepberJ ... Ringalira... Ooorong Aldinga Coorong ~ ~ "~ - 10 10 105 4> 14S 145 1,546 59J ~ - 50 A - Miinga Annie BeaU.n Ooorong Mdinga. Coorong PenoU C87 ! 570 1, 893' 319 44G 500! ! 1,650 ,1.30 2.150 70' 977 ; 1,200 '8 035 72 324 40 89 207 1,009 461 500 1,191 I 293 's.471 1 I 75oi' ' •-•.09 > ii 5 VesseL teat >ur. Jan. 6 10 11 11 12 12 22 23 27 May 8 8 16 Jane 4 4 15 18 28 28 Centaur Freetrader Gngelbert Uexmdra St. Magnus ■TooTong Phiilis Claymore Etkhome Wiverley 400 167 527 44 58i 8)0 1,08' 70 870 395 1,159 90 133) 1.960 i,435 168 Tons 185 187 279 SO 3i 102" £ 1.757 2.437 3,712 675 45 1.274 3fi68 4300 3,710 22R 327 277 itangatira Planter }.tmilU. - ~ - " 9S> 200" 2? I 42-? 2.810 3,393 ~ ~ 3 Etta, Gladstone ... Altxuidra Pliilln niHchoosh ftoalwa Kalahome 125 H 2451 203" 125 350 205 220 3.452 3,757 I.G50 4 780 2822 2,080 48.141 - ~ - ~ - - S03| .«u U3C9] 19,781 :i,536i\ D*t?of I Clearance. I Vessel. Floor. April II... 19... May 4... 0... 7... 8... 13... 14... 29... June 4... 7.. 7... 22... 22... Alexandra -outhern Belle ... Mary Miller ... Oberlin hibslle Bang&tim; Adiea Cfly Contest Alexandra St. Magma Southern Crou ... iTsiiB Black William Tata. £ 50 650 520 8,600 392 5.4£8 3834 5,500 195" I 2,745 75 | 1.000 269 3,763 347 5,800 400 6,000 50 685 4l3i 6.100 235 3,298 420 5.860 2sOJ 3,927 4.066* i 59 441 2 H o Apt 3 24 Ma; 22 Jan 18 TeueL Emily Smith ... B&ngatini; IFloor. Brut. £ £ 308 33 110 20 182 25 110 21 710 I 99 Mircel- l&neons.; £ 479 2,3(2 AlezuidrA ... 550 Baogatin ... 246 3617 and Co.; 13 do. do., W. Duffield and Co.; 119 do. do., Elder, Smith, and Co.; 57 do. do., Reid Brothers; 9 do. do., P. Maurice; 13 do. do., Watts and Wells; 35 casks tallow, Philip Levi and Co.; 47 do. do., L. Conrad; 6 do. wheat, J. Robin and Co.; 4 pkgs. saddlery, P. Cumming and Son; 1 case drapery, Donaldson, Andrews, and Sharland; 26 cases wine, G. P. Harris, Scarfe, and Co.; 4 do. do., D. Randall; 3 casks do., H. Douglas; 48 butts, 1 hhd. do., P. Auld and Son; 1 cask do., T. Hardy; 5 qr.- do. do., J. Reynell; 57 pipes, 1 hhd., 2qr.- casks do., Dr. Kelly; 4 cases liqueured wines, Sir G. Kingston; 5 cases bismuth, Balhannah Mining Company; 5 pkgs. iron manufactures, G. A. and H. Bartleet; 1 case sewing-machines, F. Sach; 18 pkjs. old metal, J. Bickers; 9 cases gum, Jackson; 1 do. apparel, F. J. Beck and Co.; 40 tons bones, Rawlings and Cave; 1 case tobacco, Captain Wood; 1 do. writings, Bank of South Australia; 2 boxes, Rev. J. Davies; 2 cases, C. Stokes; 1 parcel, C. Hackett; 1 case, A. Harvey; 1 do. apparel, A. Jones. MISCELLANEOUS. The LUFRA is without doubt one of the very handsomest ships which visit our waters, and as she beat up to the anchorage on Tuesday she showed herself to very great advantage. Strange enough the master has been three days beating up the Gulf from Cape Borda and only suc- ceeded in landing at the Semaphore Jetty in time to save the home mail per Rangatira. The ship proceeded to anchor, and at high water was towed to the North Arm, where she has ten tons of powder to discharge prior to mooring in the inner harbor. The passage from England was of about the usual description at the season of the year. On March 16th the ship was hauled out of dock, and proceeded down Channel with strong westerly breeze blowing to such an extent that it was the 21st before clear- ing the Lizard. Then there came no change in the winds, and for ten days very little progress was made. On April 6th, on 25° 37', the first of the north-east trade was felt, but it proved extremely light and faded altogether when 60 miles from the Line. The Equator was crossed in 22° 28', and for three days a flat calm con- tinued. To improve matters the south-east trades were not worth notice, but instead a south-wes'er sprung up, which gave the vessel an opportunity of making some amends for lost time, but she was in 38° long. and 26° degrees of latitude before a fair lead was obtained. On May 16th crossed the meridian of Greenwich in 41° south, and that of the Cape on the 21st in 41° 46' south. From that position the bad weather of the voyage appears to have set in, especially on May 24th in 41° 44' long., 30° 56', when the north- west gale was so violent that while running before it the vessel's decks were completely filled with water, and one sea broke on board with excessive violence, but did no serious damage. Then again on May 30th a violent north- easter blew, and suddenly shifted round to north-west, attended by a terribly heavy sea. On June 1st was on the meridian of St. Paul's in 40° 8' south, and from that posi- tion she made a few days' runs which showed how the ship could step out when there was a chance. The average rate for 19 days was 231 miles daily, the best being 280 and the least 72. This spurt made up the distance from the Cape to the Leuwin, but from there unsteady, unset- tled weather has continued most provokingly. It was on the 15th that Cape Borda was sighted, and in beating up the Gulf the captain was almost continually on deck, consequently on reaching the roads he was very much worn out; not, however, sufficiently to prevent his writing by the homeward mail. The Lufra is a vessel which will amply repay inspection, and the state of her equipment and appointments re- flects great credit on the officers and crew. The cabin is beautifully embellished the mouldings, pillasters, stiles, and panels being got up with vary great taste; indeed the admirer of nautical affairs can scarcely determine which to eulogise most — the interior of the cabin or the well re- gulated appearance of the deck gear. There were many old salts would have been delighted to see her sail into harbor, but pecuniarily the colony is more benefited by engaging the tug, and it has another advantage of less risk and fewer orders. The MARTHA BIRNIE, from London, was seen from the stations early on Saturday morning, hut the hoarding-officers only succeeded in wishing her at about noon, when the wind veered round to the west, and if there had been; water she would assuredly have sailed to the North Arm, where, however, she would suffer the osual detention for discharge of 36 ions gunpowder. She is a fine looking vessel, bat Mther too deeply-laden to hope for a very sapid passage, and during the latter part of the vsyare such heavy weather has been ex perienced that she bears traces of rough usage, aad ithss been impossible to brighten her up or harbor presentation. The master has not previously visited Adelaide, but has become tolsrably oonvmant with colonial usages wMb in the Sydney trade, consequently on arrival then was no difficulty in procuring •vary attention and information. He was one «f that expedition which was sent to the Arctio radons la the Fox under Captain MoOlintock, when the fate of tit John Franklin's party was a—artafimd. During his stay in the frigid drab be became snow blind, and on the present voyage the aid ffff'^ has again made it* apyiaiisinsj. so much so that the sight is almost gaae, and the greater part of the navigation has devolved on Mr. Lawrence, the chief officer. The Martha Birnie left tendon on March 20 with highly favorable weather, which lasted tOl reachlaxtae?ayof Biscay, when a persistent anoll of southerly winds lasted for a week. That was followed by fine north-east trades, which enabled the vessel to cross the line on April?.in22*3o* lassitude. AdeUyoffour days was there caused by calms, bat the south east trades were highly propitiaus until a soathera parallel of IB" was reached, where the bnexe fell away light, audit wai May 14 before sighting Tristan. Soon after some heavy weather was fait, in which the fontoptail yard was canted away, and after puring the Cape, on May 22nd. m 41* IV south, a series of gales did aesae aonriderabla damage to the vessel's apper works. iThe poop rail was smsshwrl, life boats stove, sad the cabin half filled with water. On Jum 6 a sea broke over the poop, knocking dowa fo* fc?im«i>«, and breaking tfao wheel ■patera. The master, in attempting to aeeute the wheel, was atverely wounded in. the ab d—nrn by the splintered portion. During the whole passage of the Southern Ocean bad WMtner has continued, and atone time it blew so hard that tbe vessel was for 24 hours hove to aader dose canvas. The night previous to mahim the roanstwad was a very boisterous one, and the master's anxiety was very considerable. The PEKINA has arrived, but not scathless, for the whole side of the port bulwarks are asiiaril away. From the break of the poop to the fora rigging the whole is wreaked most com. plainly, giving an idea of what a heavy sea can do when hmallin on. board a vessel. When ■liaalhui an Friday morning she was supposed tobethe J. h. Ball, hot on nearing her she waa Cswad to he the Pekina withher taunt apars sad square yards, looking as if just out of deck. On referring to the other side a dif ferent virtu* was visible, and the tale con mad by the master showed that on July Ist, ialatitade 38* south longitude 100* east, very haavy wast north-west gales were experienced. * Dariag their prevalence, a sea broke on the weather rail and carried away eleven or twelve awaaomo?S with main rail and bulwark plank iag. The ahoak started the skids, and the fan- SBsana volume of water fouadits way into the caddy, clearing everything before it H was aight, and the aeeidontwas thereby rendered the sasce diflbmlt to -contend with, but by aativaaxertion the stanchion holes were after awhfle battened over, and to some extent wMaaaa were partially repaired. It was of eoane necessary to heave to in the interim while tha main rigging was secured, but despite all piauantinns some water must have found way into the hold. After this most trying 00. aaaioa tha winds fortunately became light, and tha hands had a respite to repair and refit a This was done in a most anamanlike manner, aai aa artval,althongn the weather bulwarks wen canted away, all the gear was rove so that the vassal might have been easily handled. Of tha voyage there fa little of importance to note. Tha ship left the docks on April Uth, and GtavcsaadUtb. On the 13th left the Downs, aad an the 17th discharged the pDot off the Start. A ensurssinn of moderate windi and fine waather continued until reaching the Equator aa May Uth. ia longitude 2? west. After passing toe line, the south-east trades proved light, sad ia consequence of their unsteady aaariatrrlht) nesiTs iiimisii ■minimi ssnat is far as 38*. On Jane 10th, crossod the meridian of the Cape in a parallel of 39* south. There ■ltawg southerly gales were felt, which drove thovwjed to the northward of 36*. when the waather moderated. On June 26th, in 40? swath latitude, passed the meridian of St. Fulls, whw heavy north-north-east weather Tifrrfatr* in the loss of the main niL Ttsllilns of importance marked the remainder af the voyage beyond being struck by light ning on July Bth. Thai occurred the day after passing within 70 miles of Cape Leuwin. The tWd struck the driver boom, completely break tag the spar into three pieces. On the Uth righted Gape Borda, and on the following miaratna, waa boarded off the Semaphore. ——— BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS. BIRTHS. ALDWELL.— On the 9th July, at her resi- dence, South-terrace, the wife of W. H. C. Aldwell, of a son. AVELINE.— On the 28th June, at her resi- dence, Teatree Gully, Mrs. James Aveline, of a son, both A1. BERRIMAN.— On the 18th June, at Moonta, the wife of Mr. Thos. Berriman, of a son. BEESTON.— On the 4th July, at South- terrace, the wife of Mr. J. C. Beeston, of a son. BOOTHBY.— On the 7th July, at Glenelfg, Mrs. T. W. Boothby, of a son. CAMPBELL.— On the 21st June, at Port Wakefield, Mrs. Wm. Campbell, of a daughter. COOMBS.— On the 30th June, at her resi- dence, Flinders-street, the wife of Mr. W. G. Coombs, of a daughter. DALE.— On the 21st June, at Woodville, Mrs. H. Dale, of a daughter. EDWARDS.— On the 1st July, the wife of Mr. H. C. Edwards, blacksmith, Penwortham, of a son. Both doing well. Cornish papers please copy. ELLERY.— On the 23rd June, at Mount Gambier, the wife of Mr. James A. Ellery, of the South Australian Hotel, of a son. Both doing well. HAYWARD.— On the 9th July, at Mitcham, the wife of Mr. Albert Hayward, of a daughter. JEFFERY.— On the 21st June, at Margaret- street, North Adelaide, Mrs. Wm. H. Jeffery, of a daughter. JOLLEY.— On the 6th July, at the Elephant and Castle, West terrace, the wife of George Jolley, of a daughter. LONG.— On the 16th June, at Stockport, Mrs. W. Long, of a daughter. MITCHELL.— On the 5th July, at Stepney, the wife of Alex. Jas. Mitchell, Surveyor, Telegraph Construction Expedition, of a son. MOLTON.— On the 19th June, at No. 3, Flinders-street, Mrs. A. S. Molton, of a son. PATERSON.— On the 24th June, at Thurn- ham Cottage, Clare, Mrs. William Paterson, of the North-West Bend, of a son. REYNOLDS.— On the 11th of July, at Fullarton, the wife of T. F. Reynolds, of a daughter. SILBY.— On the 30th ult., the wife of A. Silby, Gawler South, of a daughter. Both doing well. MARRIED. ANDERSON — PARTRIDGE.— On the 22nd June, at the residence of the bride's father, by the Rev. Chas. Hall, John Balfour Anderson, Esq., Manager of the Bank of Australasia, Dunedin, N.Z., to Edith Sarah, eldest daughter of Josiah Partridge, Esq., J.P., of Malvern, near Clarendon, S.A. BOTT — JACKSON.— On the 6th of July, at the residence of the bride's father, by licence, by the Rev. T. Jarrett, William Joseph Bott, to Sarah Ann, daughter of Mr. Robert Jackson, of Mount Barker. BRENTON — HALLAM.— On Monday, the 24th June, at St. Saviour's Church, Glen Osmond, by the Rev. Mr. Mudie, William F. Brenton, to Charlotte, second daughter of the late John Hallam, Esq., of Nottingham, Eng- land. CRESWELL — ANGEL.— On the 2nd July, at Adelaide, by licence, Charles John Creswell to Mary Angel, both of St. Leonards. DALL — SCRIVEN.— On the 27th June, at the Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert-street, by licence, by the Rev. T. James, George Frederick, third son of Mr. Robert Dall, of Coromandel Valley, to Anna Maria, youngest daughter of the late Mr. James Scriven, of High Ham, Somersetshire, England. GEORGE — TURNER.— On the 6th July, at St. Luke's Church, by licence, by the Rev. J. Pollitt, Mr. William John George, of Deptford, London, to Mary Ann, only daughter of Mr. R. Turner, Adelaide. GOLDING — PRIER.— On the 29th June, by licence, at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Kapunda, by the Rev. S. Raymond, Reeve, eldest son of Mr. Uriah Golding, to Elizabeth, only daughter of Mr. John Prier, both of Steelton. HALLETT — MOTLEY.— On the 4th July, at the residence of the bride's father, by the Rev. Stevenson, Alfred, eldest son of Alfred Hallett, Esq., J.P., Adelaide, to Augusta Alice, eldest daughter of Arthur Motley, Esq., of Aberdeen, Burra. HENDER — BUFFHAM.— On the 4th July, at the Primitive Methodist Manse, Franklin- street, Adelaide, by the Rev. J. Goodwin, Mr. Edward Hender, farmer, of Mount Barker Springs, second son of Edward Hender, Esq., of the same place, to Rachael, second daughter of the late Mr. Dunmore Buffham, of Mount Barker. JONES — PIKE.— On the 29th June, at Trinity Church, by licence, by Rev. R. Reid, William Jones, eldest son of Mr. W. Jones, watchmaker, Kapunda, to Harriet Victoria Pike, youngest daughter of Mr. W. Pike, of Adelaide. MACKAY — DANSIE.— On the 4th of July, by special licence, at the residence of the bride's father, Prospect Farm, by the Rev. R. L. Coward, William Mackay, of Tarrawatta, to Mary Ann, third daughter of Mr. Charles Dansie, North Rhine. MARVAL — THILO.— On the 25th June, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev. Dean Russell, Adolphe Emile Marval, de la Haye, St. Pol, of Adelaide, to Anna, eldest daughter of the late Professor Thilo, of Berlin. McCONNACHY — WELLS.— On the 25th June, at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, by the Rev. S. Green, John McConnachy, of Peter- head, Aberdeenshire, to Susan, second daughter of the late Mr. James Wells, Guildford, Surrey, England, and niece of Capt. W. Wells, Port Adelaide. McKELVIE — McLEOD.— On the 11th July, at Port Adelaide, by the Rev. P. MacLaren, Mr. John McKelvie, formerly of Arran, to Mar- garet, second daughter of Mr. Allan McLeod, formerly of Harris. Glasgow and Inverness papers please copy. MILL — RITCHIE.— On the 1st July, by licence, at the residence of the bride's father, by the Rev. J. Stuart Wayland, Samuel, eldest son of Mr. John Mill, of Lower Wakefield, to Charlotte, third daughter of Mr. James Ritchie, of Lower Light. MORGAN — BEST.— On the 10th June, at Brighton, by the Rev. Hartley Williams, Charles Edward Wilson, second son of the late R. B. Morgan, North Adelaide, to Mary Ann, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Best, Wright-street. NAPPER — SKELTON.— On the 18th June, at the residence of the bride's father, Templers, by special licence, by the Rev. Samuel Grey, George Napper, to Ann, eldest daughter of Mr. William Skelton, both of Templers. OSTLER — BURCHELL.— On the 1st July, by licence, by the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, at St. Bartholomew's Church, Norwood, Mr. Joseph Ostler, of Port Augusta, to Miss Emma Burchell, second daughter of the late Mr. Burchell, of Pirie-street, Adelaide. Home papers please copy. PINCH — SEBISTON.— On the 25th June, at the residence of the bride's mother, Kapunda, by the Rev. Morgan Williams, B.A., Mr. William Pinch, of the Gulnare, son of Mr. Edward Pinch, farmer, Bagot's Well, to Martha, eldest daughter of the late Mr. Peter Sebiston. PETTMAN — CORNELIUS.— On the 25th June, at Kent Town, by the Rev. H. T. Bur- gess, Thomas John Pettman to Jane, youngest daughter of the late Mr. E. Cornelius. POTTER — FORBES.— On the 19th June, at Grote-street Chapel, by Rev. H. S. Earle, John Thomas, only son of B. Potter, Enfield, to Annie, only daughter of J. Forbes, Goodwood. SCOTT — GOODGER.— On the 4th July, at St. Andrew's Church, by the Rev. James Henderson, Mr. Robert Scott, Port Lincoln, to Mary Ann Goodger, eldest daughter of Mr. John Goodger, of Norwood. SQUIER — DOUGLAS.— On the 25th April, 1872, at Port Darwin, Northern Territory, John Enston Squier, Esq., Manager British- Australian Telegraph Company, Port Darwin, to Eleanor Atkinson, second daughter of Lieutenant B. Douglas, R.N.R., Government Resident, Northern Territory. SWINDEN — FOULIS.— On the 27th June, at the Presbyterian Church, Golden Grove, by the Rev. J. R. Ferguson, assisted by the Rev. W. M. Mudie, Edwin Swinden, Esq., of Woolun- dunga, youngest son of the late Charles Swin- den, Esq., of Riverton, to Alexandrina, youngest daughter of the late George Foulis, Esq., of Daisy Bank, Golden Grove. TREGLOAN — TRENOWETH.— On the 10th July, by licence, at the Wesleyan Church, Woodside, by the Rev. George Lee, Joseph Tregloan, of Wallaroo Mine, to Harriet Ann, eldest daughter of the late Mr. John Trenoweth, of Woodside. URLWIN — LEY.— On the 25th June, at Christchurch, North Adelaide, by the Rev. Ewbank, William Urlwin, to Eliza Jane Ley, eldest daughter of Mr. William Ley, of Day- spring Cottage, Salisbury. WARK — WILLIAMS.— On the 26th June, at the Newland Memorial Chapel, by the Rev. C. Hodge, Francis, third son of the late David Wark, M.D., to Mary Emma, only daughter of R. B. Williams, Esq., Harbor-Master, Port Victor. As this was the first marriage, the bride was presented with a Bible and Hymn Book. WELDEN — WALTERS.— On the 22nd June, at the Wesleyan Parsonage, Norwood, by the Rev. H. T. Burgess, John, eldest son of Mr. E. Welden, of Gawler, to Eliza Jane, eldest daughter of the late Mr. Stephen Walters, of Jeffcott-street, North Adelaide. WILLIAMS — GUY.— On the 18th June, at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, by the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, assisted by the Rev. Hartley Williams, John Williams, of Par- naroo, to Maria, relict of the late Lieut. M.S. Guy, R.N. YOUNGHUSBAND — COOK.— On the 18th May, by the Rev. John S. Chambers, at the residence of John Douglas, Esq., Laaneeooree, Victoria, Nathan Graham Younghusband, of Woodstock, to Mary Ann, youngest daughter of the late William and Christina Cook, John- street, Hindmarsh. DIED. ANDERSON.— On the 21st June, at Saddle- worth, of bronchitis, the beloved son of William and Marta Anderson, aged three months. ARMSTRONG.— On the 7th July, of diphtheria, at Gover-street, North Adelaide, Percy Edward, the beloved and only child of Edward Armstrong, late of Kew, Victoria, aged four years and 10 months. CRANZ.— On the 24th June, at Gawler, of diphtheria, August Ferdinand, eldest son of A. G. and Jane Cranz, aged three years and six months. CONNOR.— On the 4th July, Richard Connor, of Kermode-street, North Adelaide, aged 26 years. R.I.P. COCK.— On the 10th July, at his residence, the Tavistock Hotel, Rundle-street, Alexander Cock, aged 63 years. A colonist of 34 years. DAW.— On the 2nd of July, at St. Mary's, South-road, Mr. J. W. Daw, aged 76 years. ELLERY.— On the 3rd of July, at Union- street, Anna, widow of the late James Ellery, aged 53 years. An old colonist of 35 years. FESENMEYER.— On the 21st June, at her residence, Parkside, Anne Foreman, relict of the late F. R. Fesenmeyer, Esq., formerly of Highgate, England aged 57 years. FINCH.— On the 26th June, at Gawler, Eliza, the beloved wife of John Finch, for- merly of St. Sepulchre, London, in her 64th year. FRY.— On the 8th July, at the Princess Royal, O'Connell-street, North Adelaide, of congestion of the lungs and bronchitis, John Edward, only surviving son of John Edward and Ellen Esther Fry, aged one year and eleven months. GARDINER.— On the 4th July, at Sema- phore, Ethel Gertrude, daughter of C. L. Gardiner, aged 16 months. GALLOWAY.— On the 25th June, at Gul- nare, Louisa Cumming, wife of Mr. William Galloway. GIBBINS.— On the 3rd July, Caroline Ann, the beloved wife of Mr. R. G. Gibbins, of Spring Vale, Coromandel Valley, aged 51. An old colonist of 34 years. HORROCKS.— On the 7th July, at Childers- street, North Adelaide, Arthur Horrocks, aged 53 years, a colonist of 32 years. His end was peace. HOOPER.— On the 9th July, 1872, at Mar- den, near Payneham, Charlotte Hooper, the beloved wife of Benjamin Hooper. HOUSTON.— On the 4th June, at Port Lincoln, of diphtheria, Margaret, eldest daughter of Henry and Mary Houston, aged 12 years. KLEY.— On the 15th June, at Stockwell, of heart disease, Albert August Kley, in his 59th year. Highly respected. LANGE.— On the 11th July, at Grenfell- street, Amalie E. M., the beloved wife of Mr. Eduard Lange, aged 61 years. LINES.— On the 4th July, at his residence, St. Alban's, Findon, near Adelaide, Oscar John Lines, aged 58 years. MAGNUS.— On the 21st June, at Adelaide, Ann Magnus, relict of the late E. Magnus, aged 92. MANNING.— On the 2nd of July, at his residence, Hope Farm, Noarlunga, George Pitches Manning, aged 72 years. MELVILLE.— On the 2nd July, in the 73rd year of her age, Sarah, the wife of David Melville, Stanley-street, North Adelaide. MELVIN.— On the 8th July, at 1, Dorsetta- terrace, of acute bronchitis, Wilhelmina, relict of the late David Melvin, Edinburgh, aged 72 years. MILLARD.— On the 20th April, at her resi- dence, near Fareham, Hants, England, Harriett, relict of the late Mr. William Millard, yeoman, of the same place, and the affectionate mother of Mr. John Millard, of the Commercial School, Lefevre's Peninsula, of Mrs. John Annells, Gawler, and Mrs. W. Tupper, of Mallala, aged 66 years. QUINLAN.— On the 8th of April, at Bal- linacourty, County of Waterford, Ireland, of scarlatina, John, second son of Mr. James Quinlan, and brother of the Rev. James Quin- lan, of SS. Peter and Paul, Gawler, aged 21 years. R.I.P. ROBERTS.— On the 6th of July, infant daughter of Thomas and Mary Roberts, Mount Pleasant. ROWLAND.— On the 27th June, at Gawler Plains, of diphtheria, Thomas Henry, son of John and Mary Ann Rowland, aged three years and eight months. SKERMER.— On the 18th June, at Mount Pleasant, of typhoid fever, Martha Harriet Johns Skermer, daughter of Thomas Henry Skermer, aged seven years and three months. SMITH.— On the 4th July, at Osmond- terrace, Norwood, of consumption, Jane Lock- hart Smith, aged 28 years. SWALE.— On the 20th June, at Kent Town, the youngest and beloved daughter of J. J. and A. Swale, aged seven years. TARDIF.— At Gawler, of diphtheria, Frede- rick, youngest son of William and Mary Tardif, aged 5 years and 5 months. TUCKER.— On the 13th June, at Melbourne- street, North Adelaide, of convulsions, Albert Arthur, youngest beloved son of William and Clara Tucker, aged 15 months. VIRGO.— On the 26th June, at Georgetown, of croup, Annie Tuxford, only and beloved daughter of W. L. and S. A. Virgo, aged one year and 11 months. WALLMANN.— On the 23rd June, at his residence, Pulteney-street, after a very long and painful illness, Mr. Frederick Wallmann, aged 52 years. WEBB.— On the 4th May, at Melton, Wood- bridge, Suffolk, England, Elizabeth, relict of the late Mr. James Davy Webb, aged 72 years, beloved mother of Mr. W. A. W. Carr, of Nairne, in this province. WIGLEY.— On the 1st July, at Glenelg, Sarah Elizabeth, wife of Henry Rodolph Wigley, Esq., of pleurisy, aged 75 years. 