T H E latest oandidate for immortality is a Mr Macgeorge, a member of the Melbourne Pickwickian Clnb, or what is more generally known as the " Royal Society." The discovery made by . Mr Maogeorge can only be matahad by tbu ever memorable and important discovery made by Mr Pickwiok. " i i K s i o B K i B i s M A E t , " We need not remind people how the world was startled by the astounding piece of intelligence flashed open it by the immortal Pickwick. Need we call to mind how the scientific old gentleman pondered on the mysterious light he saw flashing about in the garden when Mr Pickwick was fumbling about on Sam Weller's shoulders, and mounting the garden wall of a boarding school, in order to see a young lady ? If that scientific old gentleman was mistaken for once in his life it does not follow that all his researches were of similar nature. If jealous traducers scoffed and sneered at Pickwick, and breathed the breath of slander upon him and his discovery —if they looked with sceptical eyes upon that wonderful stone with the mysterious inscription—never mind ! Let science flourish. Macgeorge has come to the rescue, and if no one else kicks up a scientific doubt, he will. Here is a condensed report of his profoundest ravings. If people cannot understand it, let them not be uncharitable—let them not say that Macgeorge is obfusticated—he is not mad—but a genius, too profound to be understood. Persons of cloudy intellect may call it clap-trap, bunkum, rubbish, balderdash, and adjective nonsense, but Macgeorge will hide himself under the cloak of his own glory, and scorn the jeers of as ignorant unappreciauve world. Quoih the oracle:— Mi Macgeorge read a short paper on "Matter, a Mode of ilotiau." He said that the world seemed to be Blowly coming to the comprehension that light, heat, magnetism, electricity, were but modes of motionbut human beings were unable to conceive of motion without, at the same time, conceiving of a toiuething which they, from the action of their senses, thought real and called "matter." By analysing the censes, however, it would be seen that the human body was an instmment which was only capable of conveying to the mind impressions Of & great variety of modifications of metien, or, in other wordB, that nothing existed for man but motion, and therefore " matter," solid and real aa it appeared to the mundaue mind, was 'nothing else but motion. ; Heathen proceeded to discuss of whstnnotion consisted, and finally (showed that motion was the means by which things not in ihe mind of man impressed them- .aeives upon tbat mind, and evoked ideas. He contended that the mind was the only reality, and that"'the body of man, samposed of what was called jinatter, had no real existence, the ideas being ihe only realities, and these belonged to the mind. - The • body was the mind'e instrament and the only communication between nature -aud the incarnate mind, and ite jireservation naturally became the strongest instinct. Thus by those means the impressions ef hunger, thirst, cold, heat Ac- were educed and the mind was .forced into activity to pregerve the body. The relation of man to nature was summed up in the words that God had taught man to change the forms of things which He haamaaeT^uThdt^ocreatelhitigsliimBeif. By changing the-form ot thing* man was able to impress his ideas apon others, even »s the ideas oi God were made visible to man through the hills, seas, trees, flowera;%nH other creations «f His WilL tiome slight discussion took place n thlB paper. j ^ ( i ;;,.;=.',! 1 It ii to be hoj>ed it was " »ligliV." What is the matter ? What ts- Macgeorgs't> " mode of maiwar'f^^'tf'^itoimBg « ? He ipptja^ t^t^y^ tiiat aatter ii motion, and mo [ion is matter. There an three or lour conditions under which the Macgeorge state of mind m«T be produced. When the ground '' flies up" and strikes a man in the face; when one man's fist comes violently in contact with another man's nose; when all tba lampposts will insist on- being affectionately cuddled about thres o'clock in the morning. An earthquake under some circumBtanees will produce the sensations and impressions that appear to have fixed tlien selves permanent!}' on the mind of one savant Darned Macgeorge. When Pecksniff was at Todgers's dinn r-pai ty he must have been strongly impress> i with the idea—" matter, a mode of motion." He pathetically said " Weep not for me : repine not, my friends, it is chronic." It appears to be chronic with Macgeorg-p. Imm jdiately after the delivery of the Pecksniffi»n assurance, the fender, the fireirons, and ilis grate flew up and caught Mr F.'s aether < xuemtties, or Mr P. fell down into the grate, wliioh is the same thing. It does cot " mutter "— it'e all a mode of motion, if Mr M negsorge would visit the Yarra Bend he would obtain many adherents. His impenetrable profundity, his ponderable ratiocination, would be appreciated, " His notions fitted things so well, " That which was which he could not tell; " But oftentimes mistook the one " For th' other, as great clerks have done. " Se could reduce all things to acts, " And knew their natures by abstracts, " Where entity and quiddity, " The ghosts of defunct bodies fly; " Where truth in person does appear _ " Like words congeal'd in Northern air. " He knew what's what, and that's as high " As metaphysic wit can fly. " Iu school divinity as able •'Ashethat height, irrefragable; •' A second Thomas, or, at once, " To name them all, another Dimce," A dastardly act was perpetrated on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning by some person unknown. A fine horse, the property of Mr Purvis, grocer, of High street, was found yesterday in the paddock where it had been grazing with a deep wound in its cbest, apparently inflicted with e large knife. The stab was fully five inches deep. Luokily the knife escaped the vital parts, and there is some chance that the poor animal will be saved. Information has been given to tbe police, but at present no clue has been obtained which will lead to the detection of the cowardly scoundrel who perpetrated this fresh act of wanton cruelty. It has evidently been done from some vindictive motive, and there can hardly be a doubt that it was done in the night It has been very reasonably suggested that our shows should be held a fortnight or three weeks later in the season, when more settled weather would prevail* Last year the show was completely marred by the inclemency of the weather. There are 727 entries for the Show, This number is not equal to the entries ci last year. A number ot entries forwarded Tuesday, per telegraph, were refused, as the practice of leaving everything to the last moment leads to endless confusion. In class A (draught horse stock) there are 92 entries; in class B (blood horses), 13; class O (hackneys), 65; class D (neat cattle), 168; class E (sheep), class F (swine), 32; class G (poultry), 99; claes H (dairy produce), 97; class I (implements), 28; class J (machinery) 42; class (L (buggies, etc.). 14; colonial liquors, 2; and knitting, 51. Owing to the National Agricultural Association having adjudged R&ntin; Robin disqualified ; in consequence of bis having been entered after the .'specified lour, tbe first prize will go to Mr Anthony Watson's Champion of Scotland. The election of president of the Kynetonshire provoked a little amusement yesterday. At one time the retiring president declared Cr Chanter elected, but a dispute arose as to the voting. In the meantime another councillor arrived. When the -question was finally put to the vote, there were five for one candidate, and five for the other. The names of Crs Young and Chanter, the nominees, wete then put into a hat, and Cr Young, after being well shaken against his opponent, came out first.' Mr James Henry Wheeler has been elected President of tbe Glenlyon Shire. Mr 3. Pethybridge has been elected Mayor oi Malmsbury, in the room of Mr J. Maher, the retiring Mayor. Yesterday Councillor C. Young was elected President of the Shire of Kyneton in tbe. room of Mr H. Jarrett, the retiring President, and Mr Gilchrist, of Woodend, lias been elected President of the Newhamsbire Council. The boy who so cleverly escaped from the police of Kyneton some short time ago, was brought back to Kyneton on Monday, and disposed of by the Bench on Tuesday. He was sentenced to fifteen days' imprisonment for having escaped from "custody. " A branch of the Bank of yiotoria is to be opened iu Kyneton under the management of Mr Hyndman, who has been so long and favorably known aa manager of the Malmsbury branch of that bank. The premises recently occupied by Mr Hill in Piper street have been engaged on behalf of the bank. A very smart trick (or series ot tricks) has been perpetrated by the notorious Campbell Brothers, whose feuds and law suits are familiar to everyone iu this district The two brothers jointly hold a farm at Woodend, and their practise has been to depusit the deeds of tbat farm in the hands of various confiding publicans, who, on the strength of the deeds have advanced innumerable nobblers. When the forbearance ot" each publican has iu turn been exhausted, the brothers obtained the deeds on the pretence of" raising money on them, but they were only taken to some other credulous publican, and liberal supplies of grog obtained on the security. A short time ago the brothers went to Melbourne and raised £300 on the deeds, and, instead of returning to Woodend to satisfy their debts, as they promised to do, they went off to Sydney, and jthere -commenced to play high jinks. They were followed thither by two of their Woodend creditors, who, by threats, &c.;, induced John to pay some money on account. When the brether.Alick returned and found put what his brother had done, he assaulted him in a mast savage manner," and wound up by stabbing him in the face with a pocket-knife. Ivia reported that the steamer Providence lias ~been'tfown -np on-the-Darling-Iliver, by which acsident five-lives -have' beeu lost, and 300 bales.<>f wool-destroyed. At the shooting of the vietbdan Rifle Association on Saturday, in tbe mateh for rapid firing Lieutenant Thirkettle, of the Kyneton Kiflss, took second prize. . The traffic returns on the Victorian llailways for the Week«nding ,14th November are £14,839 4s lOd. : Mr William Bannahan, agricultural implement maker/ of Glenlyon, -obtained first prize at the' Smeaton Show, for a grubber and scarifier, which was prooounced by practical men to be a great improvement on those hitherto in use. ,:._••„.,..,..• . , ' The skeleton of a little girl -about three years fid, named I'amngton, who, iu 1870, wandered into; the .tush it Coitnadai,, Bacchus Marsh, was discovered last 'Week; bones lay about a mile from the glateTwhera she was missed. A man named IFeezy, t.aiii to be from Batburst, New South Wales, has cuthu, uiroat at B&Uarat.;' """ ^ MrBiirdjwhb receatiydelivpred an interestln<;leclore;«>n /J%eipgh^rjpsps5i|: Fiotion,' wiU shortly deliver a lecture in aid of tbe Jjidies' Benevolent Society. The mail arrived at Adelaide on Tuesday evening. The principal items of news have been anticipated by the submarine cable, a break in which has occurred in the land lice. The most important news by the mail is as follows:—Exports to Victoria for the month, L450,000 ; bar and rod iron, 770 tons ; cornsaeks, L5500 ; currants, 3000 cwt; malt, 2300 quarters. .Messrs Bethel! and Gaulton have received a letter from Mr Booker, solicitor, at Heathcote, speaking very highly of carriages mmde by him. We publish an extract from the letter:—" The lining of my buggy is superb, both as to material and workmanship ; tlie trimming is as well done as any trap I have seen in tbe calony. Congratulate Bethell and Gaulton upon the very creditable style in which their establishment is capable of turning out work) aud give them my best thanks." It is reported from Sydney that the rate of disenunt is now 7 per eent at tbe Bank of England. M'Grath and O'Farrell, found guilty of jarroting at Sydaey, have been each sentenced to eight years on the roads. Mr Wm E. Fox, wool- sorter, from Biverina, has died suddenly at the Railway Hotel, Sydney. Poisoning is suspected. The recent heavy rains bode no geod to the crops, wheat especially. Notwithstanding the large number of persons who attended tbe Smeaton Show, we (Mercury) have heard of no accident of A serious nature. Mr Thomas Edwards of Corinella, had, however, a narrow escape. He was returning on horseback, and while riding smartly abreast of two others bis horse got its fore legs into a mud hole, and being unable to extricate them, tbe animal threw a complete somersault, pitching its rider, and falling on bim. Mr Edwards's friends made sure that their companion had received severe injury, and prepared to assist him, but were re-a6sured by seeing him jump to bis feet and re-mount, having received no other hurt than a bad shaking and a sprained wrist. The Warden gave his decision on Saturday last in tbe case of Charles Kingk v £t M'Grans and others, an application to be put in possession of land situated north of and adjoining Knowles' paddock. Mr Bayne appeared for defendants. The-Warden adjourned the case for consideration, and on Saturday decided in favour of complainants, with £ 2 costs. The Treasurer ot Adelaide informed the House that the Government were in communication with the British-Australian Telegraph Company concerning a subsidy, with the view of cheapening telegrams. A break has occurred in the Overland Telegraph line, sear Charlotte Waters, supposed to have been occasioned by the late thunderstorm. Dr Schomburgk has tafcen to Adelaide, from the other colonies, 300 new plants. Bird, th" pedestrian, now in Adelaide, petitioning i j be declnred insolvent, in forma pauperit. Affairs in connection with tbe revenue collected at the department of Trade and Customs (says the Express) continue flourishing apace, tbe. returns for last mdntb being greatly in excess of those received for each of the two preceding mouths. In August the amount collected was .£130,000, a similar amount being received for the month ot September, but for October no less a sum than £143,000 was the total of the receipts. Tbe amouut collected for tbe first fourteen days of the present month was no less than £63,400, so that matters promise well for November. Mr Thomas Jackson been eleeted president""^" the" Metc^feshTre Council. Mr Eeid was elected president of the Mount AlexandershireCeuncil ; and Mr A. Callaway has bean unanimously re-elected mayor of Castlemaine. Mr Edgar Slee has been elected president of tbe Newsteadshire Council. The station-masters, clerks, and porters required to conduct the business in connection with the second seetion of the North Eastern railway from Seymour to Longwood, to be opened this evening, left town yesterday by the 7 o'clock train for Seymour, from which place they will be conveyed to their several destinations by speeial train, starting at 10 o'clock a m. Mr Francis will act as station-master at Longwood, Mr Sutton at Avenal, aud Mr Davis at Seymour, vice Mr Sinclair, transferred to Kyneton. At Tullarook a porter will be in charge of the station, which will only be open ta passenger traffic. An amusing scene is reported by the Express to have taken place yesterday morning at the International Exhibition. A commissioner, whose labors had been so arduous that he felt bis strength failing, repaired to the refreshment department, intent upon taking tuch stimulant as might revive bis flagging energies. After speculating for some time as to the nature of the liquid he should imbibe, he finally determined to try a glass of ale, which the obliging Hebe immediately supplied. Having disposed of the coutents of the glass, payment for favours received was required, and after some little hesitation the large amount of sixpence was tendered. No change being given, the now restored commissioner became indignant, and fortwith proceeded to tbe authorities, laying before them a complaint to tbe effect tbat be—a man of not less than five thousand a year—had been charged sixpence for a glass of ale. It ij stated that the unfortunate girl pleaded tbat it was done by mistake; she theaght &he; was serving a gentleman. 