Ql3hqapoi[nioaH 0TtijanlqIq THE LAUXCE STOK TIM ES. Wednesday, Arm;. ??(, 1872. TnE cml approaclics ! Our local «on t-miiotary yeslorilay iufortnol UU renders tbnt on Monday a writ fur £80,000, arrears of interest, liar] been 6crvcd upon t1lO6oIidtnri of llio I^atin teston and Western Hail tray Conip«njT. Tkc Btatcracr.t vros lianlly correct, but was sufficiniitly so for practical purposes. Tbc £Uicjlor-Gciicrnl has wrilton tlie company asking lo be informed as to tliennmooftlio solicitor who will re ceive n writ nn it- In-half, ami scrvirc will doubtless be Urn next process. This U but Hie picliininary Ftep townrde a'loption of tho course uliieli iro i^.ve, duriu? l'io Jnst ypar or two, boon ttrt»tng upon tbo Giivrrnmcnt, viz., |tlint tbey BboiilJtnkc over fin- milirnr, i,,i!.-! a nstium;] line .if it anJ relieve tin; dis tricts of lha reguuatttoc, for wliicli tbey arc supposed to be liaUv uudw (lie Railway Acts. Tho end of tbc com pany's management is drawing near, and will probably cease verr soon ofler tbo assembling of Parlinmonf. Govorniuent xrjjl most likely ),bcn be in a position to doclore tint tkpy hnvo put the law in motion, that tbey bold a jiidfiinent against tbo Rail way Company, an-i — ivilii tliat desire -o sliirk tllnislcriitl responsibility so cha racteristic o( oil Tnsinantan Ksecntivea — liter irili nslc for instruction as to what they arc nest to do. Tbo coarse Parllarnont will adopt Booms tolerably erident; they will probably instruct Ministers to enforce tlieir lien, and in Ibis way tbo Lannccston and Western lialltray will become public property^ While approving 60 far of Btich a course, ire cannot eny it is one altogether gom tnettilag l(*o!f tfl fur «cpso of jtutice, From tbo day we first heard of this railway— or of any railways tn Tas mania — we liavo hold to the opinion that each undertakings should, bd Govern ment works, and this view we hare con sistently advocated through other channels as well as in the Chronicle. When the Government and Parlia ment of the country, by persistent objections, nncJ nil manner of opposition, forced the people of tho north to con struct tbe railway by means nf a com pany, we vrcro convinced a great mis take bad been committed. The lino should have been 1111 la by tbo Govern ment, or Government should liar.; had nothing lo do with it. The company, tho rc-gunmntep — (he whole principle upon which the railway has been con structed — was a stupendous mistake' It was a mistake committed out of de ference to southern jealousy of the north — « tntUakc for which Uta G a vernment and Parliament were as much responsible as tbo people who sn ac tively and succeHsfally ngitalod for the coiiGtruclion of the railway. It is a considerable time since Government and Parliament and tbc Press of tlie south discovered this mistake, aud wo blame all concerned most seriously for not hating eonglit ere tills to niiicnd so gricrous an error. Sloro than two years ago we urged upon Govern ment tbo advisability of compromising with the shareholder) of the company, returning them 601113 portion of their money, if not tbe tvliole, and takicg orer the railway. This suggestion was scouted by the southern Press at the lime, the people on this side were apa thetic about the matter, anil now they will sec the railway taken from them and loso the sums they invested. Should this bo the result it will lie, to onr minds, exceedingly unfair. It would be so under any circumstances; under ilioso now existing it will bo doubly so. When the const ruclion of this railway waStttt tlioriseit Die principle was virtually laid down that communities wanting rail ways must be prepared to pay for them in part, by I lie practical csliil.ifion of private enterprise, anil also to rcguar autce the sUto for any guamntee of in terest tlio Knvcrnnicnt might giro. Since then that principio has bcon de parted from. Tbe few gentlemen who hy their enterprise maJo a portion of tlic Mersey and Delorainc Railway have hid nn enormous grant of public lands given them, and Govorntncut will have to finish the railway at tint public cost after nil. Tlic construction of the Main liinchai also been sanctioned, virtually at thccGSt of the whole colony and without reference lo particular advantages to be reaped by districts in imm^iate conti guity to tbe railway. We say this is a departnre from tho principle originally bid down, and this portion of the colony, us much as any other, has a light to benefit l-y the more enlightened spirit of tbe legislature. Gradually bat surely our Parliament is ajopling a national railway policy, the natural force of events is forcing it upon them, and we venture lo eay ihnt in a very few years Ellcli a thing as n guarantee:] railway or telegraph company, or any other private organisation for carrying out great public works, mil be unheard of in Tas mania, Tlic principle is exploded end done. It may be adopted occasionally by ttmi-] and irresolute politicians as an expedient, but it cannot pjssibly be adhered to, having within itself the elements of collapse. Tin's is our deli berate opinion, the truth or otherwise of which wo are content to learn to the unerring verdict of lime. Dealing with the Lnttnceston and Wcst/rn Railway, we have said it must be taken over by Government. Fn comcction tvilli it serious mistakes hnvo been made, but for these the Parliament of the country is ns much responsible as the promoters and people of the north, if not more 6.0. Wo think, therefore, iu justice, if Qovernmout have lo take this railway over, which FOcms inevit able, they filionld Beck to make some compromise with the tradesmen, settlers, and othsTb', vrbo, partly by the retro grade policy ot tho day, were forced into the furcation of a private company to build a toad (hat should hare been made as n national work. Wo are not aware wholhcr the ehoreholdors will make any move in the mailer when the time comes the chances arc they will proyo loo apathetic ; but we believe they conld ina.Ua out & gool, honest, and legitimate claim to consideration under all the circumstances. Tbo fact must not hi overlooked that in En far M I'lO great body of the shareholders are concerned, tbjs railway never was a speculative undertaking. Tbc majority of llic moll irlio took shares in the company did so in a spirit of patriotism, and perhaps with an over amount of confidence in the p.-ospocts of tho country. A few of course were influenced by motives of another kind, bitt liy for the majority put their money into tbo concern simply to kelp it for ward. They argued lu tlifs Elrnlu— ' Weil, the railway won't pay for many years, but. it, will Improvo llic districts aid do good to tho place, and whether ire ever get a ilirMcnd or no, our shares will hl-va-'3 be worth something liko par.' Now, if Government EK-|- iq gnd Kejtc this railway under a judgment of the Supreme Court, what will be the resnlt ? Why those men who cajnn forward in so pnlriot|'c a manner ifl h,elp an Im portant public, undertaking tnl| be ro'ibcd of Die liar il -conic J money tljoy invested— their shares will become «o much waste paper, and the Government will take possession of the work which they Individually have paid for. We do not think that snch a step will bo cither politic or just, and wo trust it is one which Parliament will not sanction. Qad tho Banjo principle been uppliod to all railways, the easo might baro been different,' butihcwbolo circumstances are peculiar, ond each as to warrant special consideration in b spirit of fair compromiie, Government should ncrcr forget that in 0 matter of this kind they cannot act precisely as pri vnto individuals would. A private person can at oil times insist upon fulfilment of the strict letter of nn agreement without reference to fiutsido circumstances. With a Government it is far otherwise. They lure the pros perity of Iho country nud the content ment and hapninesa of its pcoplo to consider, and in view of such a cotiKiilcr ation many things which are lawful aro very far from expedient. Iu taking over tbe Launccston and Western Railway, whether by legal process or otherwise wo trust Ministers and Par liament will be careful to avoid auy courbfl likely to create discontent among a body of industrious and onlerprising Bcttlcrs , whoso worst fault Rooms to havo been an over- patriotism, and loo anxious desire to promote tbo good of the com mon wealth. THEATRE ROYAL.— Mr Barlow and his company of star artistes created a fresh sensation at the Theatre Royal on Kon day evening, when a new and improved programme was submitted to a tolerably lull hoaso— tho dress circlo excepted. Mr Barlow's new gems consisted or the musical- metrical burlesque, ' Fare-thee well, my Mary Jane,' with comical reci tative, and fine accompaniment on the harmonium; tho national ballad, 'Eng- land, dear old England, it still shall be my home ;' the sensation song 'Have you seen the Ghost ?' ' London— the jolly west end — the best end ;' the comical sentimental song, 'My cabbages and my turnip tops ;' his extraordinary perform ances on Paganini's cremona, showing what it is possible to extract — violently and in the most extraordi nary attitudes — from a violin ; his lively polka while playing the air on his violin, and is every extraordinary production of those terribly life-like blue- tailed flies. As Chang and his dwarf, Mr Barlow distributed the usual basket of Chinese gifts, and afterwards as a simple 'Heathen Chinee' performed a variety of airs excruciatingly high on a real Chinese stradivarius or fiddle. Buckley and Holly were as amusing and elastic an ever in their jig and reel, music lesson, double dances, Senegambian gambols, emancipation on a lark, and as Tom and Jorry witli Mr Barlow, in the negro farce of that name, which terminated the per formance in a very satisfactory manner by pulling Barlow in two, somewhere about the waist. The performance was repeated last night, Barlow having ef fected a union of his dissevered members so speedily as to have sustained no per manent damage. The company make their last appearance at the Theatre Royal this evening. They will perform at Delorainc, on Thursday evening ; at WWbury, on Friday; ut Longford, 011 Saturday, and Monday [ ot Campbell Town, on Wednesday. 1st May ; nt Oat lands, on Thursday, 2nd ; nt Green Ponds, on Friday, 3rd ; and ut Uobarl Town, on Monday, Cth May. Tub Iitn Accidbkt it Peuti!.— The young man Anderson, of I'erth, whose skull iras fractured tlirougk beiaff tlironn from a horse, is steadily progressing towards recovery, Uio very critical oper ation performed by Dr. Mason of Long ford, Jjariug resulted in tJie gradual restoration of all his faculties. Tut! Biznn at St. Leoxibds.— We again remind our readers lhat tho bazttur iu aid of the funds for the approaches lo St. Leonards bridgo will be opened at 2 o'clock to-day, ior tho conveuionce of town residents a snuciul train will start qt 7.15 p.m. fur Si. Leonards, and leave the station thereat 11 p.m. Tbe bazaar will be continued to-morrow, when the same facilities for laying u visit to it v ill be atibrded by the railway company. Fares at the utual return rates. TisuiNUN TubfClub.— Incompliance with a requisition forwarded to him, the Secretary, through our advertising columns, calls a special general meetiug of the members, to be held at the Inter national Hotel on Tuesday, the 30th iust., at 7 p.m.i to reconsider tho resolution passed on the 17th inat., vii. :-' That nu autumn race meeting bo held under the uuspites ol the Tasqanian Turf Club.' Two Mit-Liqse 1-^11 uoh llai lately keeu written by contemporary periewera upon the subjectof Americau poetry. The writing* of Bret HarU-, Mark Twain, Joaquin Miller, aud others, have attracted prominent attelilion and highly favorable and npll-df served criticism. Anjon^ Aq|e riean nuets not nulto sogelehraU-d us those named, is Mr William Allen Butler, u btrristcr of New Vork, but we feel we arc rifht in saying he is equally talented. This ffontlemim garo to iho world Ilial telling mid splendid fat iro upon the folly and vanity of the day, ?? Nothing to Wear,' and we now propose republish ing in The Tutmaman of Saturday next a poem by the samo author entitled 'Two Millions,' which we huve no hesitation in saying in one of the keenest satires upon every day life wo ever read^ The poctn tclld tho story of a millionaire, and contains abundant food for sound moral reflection- hi Ko intend nlopinfr it within reach of alt who fail an /ntormt iu the current literature of tho day, we shall not destroy their treat by any nutiripjtory description. Wo eomincnl the paem to general eHcntio!), Tii|! LjrJifoE&rgn; 4Sp Wbstbhj,- Bail, WiV.— We lifercyrji of Monday) learn that ll|C nqtjcc which tho Chairman said had been rcouivisd by the Board of Direcr tors from tho Solioitor.Qenerul, la lobe promptly followed up, A writ lor the re covery of £30,000, arrears or interest, will, we understand, be issued against (ho Company to-day. Tut Tauukuk Cirnouc Smsdibd. — Wo havi- received tho April number of this religious magazine published on Sa turday. The subject of the leading arti cle is Education. The Standard contains news from Home, England, Ireland, America, Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and $Scw Zealand, with mall Dove,' poualfy niiiy«. and other items iiitcie-ting to all classes. With rpferencc to the Launrpiton Con vent Fund the Standard states— In our last number Mr John Kllis's suhaerlpllon was put down as SO. instead of £15. Sub scribors to this fund are remiuded that the first iustalmeut beeomos duo in May. Tbono who hnve not yot subsoribed will be called on during that month. The Alujvut. G-lo Ficlti— Kisr Mlt-ESrslNos— The Chinese party dig ging on the alluvial ground nt the Hit or Kiss plaim, Kilo Uile SprlnKi. having discovered n vich patch on land adjoining, applied on Monday to Mr Brown. Sur veyor, t» marls OS1 H fla'in «f If » PUT' ff them. They «'orp afraid tl|c Rpund would be Jumped by other* and tlicv Imvc promptly applied under the Golii ]{e, guhtlions Act for a lease. Tn» Qdaii Sntsox.— Quail shooting foafmoncei fli) ifoiiiav, aqd Keren} par lies left town lu indulge ill this rivorlle sport. We understand (he birds nre plen tiful in the suburbs, and no doubt wo tb.a!l liesr ere long of some good bag*. A OiUB SppfBtt— Oil Monday even ing a select party of fenllemon enjoyed rather a rare treat, having been invited by Afr T. Coker, of Uio Intrrnitional Hotel, to partake of a supper of enmo ?elected by him during his recent visit to Melbourne. The table groaned under the dainty dishes, which embraced hare, wihj dunk ofaTOvenl (nods, tool, Ac., 4o. Tho dovoI repast trai much enjoyed by all, and Mr Cokcr's thou^htfulnesi acknow ledged in flowing breakers of tbo 'rosy.' Thb Mossteb Mdiubdou SnoB.— There being no gigantic goqseDerriea at thlaiaatoni Our aontheru coatempoamry Inn taken to recording the site and weight of big mushroom*. One if mid to have been plokei1 nn in Iho vioinity of Now Norfolk which meuuted twelve inches aarott, four inciet io depllt and. ttu tiro ppuudi in weight. EviKDUE PeBtre Scnoor..— Mr J. N. demons, late inaster of tho Campbell Town school, fiaring bom appointed to tuo above, hoannoiinoM tlmt tho school will be re-opened on Monday next. Tub FiBsr CBManw Chiksss Cili'iicit in MKinoDUKK.— The ceremony nl' laying the foundation stone of tho first Chrislian Chim-se Church in Melbourne] wan performed on Friday, Mill innl., the Arqu, savs. The site of the building is in Little ?jlourkc-stre.ct, alniosl nt tho rear of Uio ruins of the Theatre ltoyal, and con«eriiionlly in thu cenlro of thu ijnartcr mostly uucctal oy tbo Cliinusi- residents. Tho Itfvs. Mr Quick, Mr Lurkhart, and Mr Waugh assisted in the lyliRious cere monies suitable to tho Oceanian. Mr 5. G. King laid theslone, and made n few remarks on tho interesting naliirv uf the edifice that was about In be creeled. A number of Christian Chinese l-»k jvirt in tbn religious ceremonies, and ull the windows and doors of thu rather un savoury neighbourhood wero crowded wilh Chinamen, who watched tlio proceed ings with tho greatest curiosily. The animated conversation that was being carried on among Ihom somewhat marred the cIToct of the hyuiu that wu« sung. The building is to be a very plain cdiliee, to scat about 160 persons. There are, besides, class rooniH on tho first floor, and other nparttncnU to serve an a residence for the Chinese catechjsjt. Tlio building, which has been designed by Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, is 10 cost £C78. The builder is Mr James Lee. Tho nutleriul used is brick, with white, dressings. Above the cutrauce door will bo placed an inscription iu Chinese characters, Hie meaning of which in Kngli.li is ' The house of tlic itound of peace.' This church will be built principally by the contribulious of the members of the Wcsloyan body, who have always shown sneli an iulfr^st in the nork ofljiirialiun isiug tlie Ohiiiuso uolonisti in Victoria. Otjn New Sdbjects.— Loiters from tho ifaguo aimonoco Iho arrival of an envoy from the King of ' St. George of l£luiina,' u sovereignty unkuotvn to Kuro* pean fume, but which crisis nil the same on lbe Guinea Coast, and is in procosH of being ceded to Great ltriUun. Tho treaty of ccssiou was laid bofe.ro the Dutch Senate list December: but tho debate upuu it ivas adjuurjjcd, and notv, bofore au3'tliing has been concluded, a protest against tie meditated biile, ou the Iiarl of both King aud people ol Klmimi, las been brought otvr by the. i-aid vtivoy, and is about to ho submitted to the Dutch Parliament. The Kliuiuiaus deny tho right of Holland to sell them lo ' their enemies/' as wu arc called, and Juaiufjiin lhat the Dutch Government nrc bound by treaties to give them, in reluru for obodionoc, prolculion. ' We have kept our part of the ngrcement,' sBys tlie pro test ; ' we have suflcrcU, vu itavc vhed our blood for you ; you ought, aUo, to keep your word aud protect u*. I fit is iKineslioil of Iliouc.v, we offer to nay you auuually the lOJ.DIM florins which the coast costs you. But kuov that if, not withstanding prayerH, you abandon us, tre Khali take up arms ,wc tliall kill all the whites, we shall get killed ourselves As long, howuver, as there remains a Dutch man in lClmina we will remain faithful to the Dutch flag.' Tbo Klminiau envoy (whose expenses, we are inlormed, have been paid by public subscription) ought to continue his journey to Kuglund, and declare boldly that his master will not re spect tbc tcrmsof the Guinea Const Treaty. Scripilsly, thotonns of the treaty cannot be carried out if tho Ehnininns net 11-1 they threaten to do; thai is, if they meet every nllempt lo take possession of the Guinea Coast by opposing force to force. The best course for the Mulch to pursue wilh the little kingdom would be either to levy n tos upon it, ns the inhabitants suggest, or give il up altogether lo the Kiag.~Pall Mall Gazette. Disoovkhv op Gold-Fields 1st Ihs fill.— It has been discovered that the district of the river Atuoor possesses a rich gold-Geld. Gold-washing and gold digging nrc being carried on in tlio tribu taries of tho ltusso-Chincsc frontier and tlieir valleys, at which work labourers cam from CD fo 160 roubles in silver per day, nud compnnies of diggers on llic Olakoula find as a rule from 7 to 8, but in some casos as muoh as 70 and oven 100 lbs of gold per day. Tho river Segr is still moro productive, and has yielded lo one coinnauy 170 lbs in one day, Apvrtmsisa. — An exchange has the follow lug ward* of wisdom on the subject of udvc-rlising, which we commcud to (ho consideration of our readers and (he general public 1 — Judicious advertising always pays. If you hare a good thing, advertise it. If you haven't, don't. If you don't mean lo mind your otvu business, it will not pay to «dForti?c. Never ruu down your opponent's goods in public. Let him do bis own advertising. It's as true of advertising as of anything else in I he world, if it is worth doing at all, it is tvortil doing trell. You cau't oat enough in ono week to last a whole year, and you oannot advertise on that plan either. A large advertisement once, and then dis continued, creates fh-- impression that (he man has fizzled. If you can arouse curi OBity by an advertisement, it is a great point gained. The fair sex don't hold nil (lie curiosily in (he B-orhl. Pc'Olile who advertise only once in three monlliR forgot that most folks pqi|'t rcillu:uU« liiiytli|ag lougcv th,iut Boot)! seven days, AiXOC-k's H1U.IHD T*nM-8— T4SM1- sun Nlickwood. — Two magn ficent billiard tallies, cunmructeil In tlie caUibli.li nieiit nf Mt'«sr» Alcoclf- liosielU'rwl, nrc about lu be foi^i(r4ai. says the Melbourne Herald, to the f.inhcouiinfr exhibition In Sydney, which opens In the counc of May. Duo of the lal.lea 1» ma'le from Tiunmnlan blackwood, o( wluclt e. inagiilticcnt ftpcdnien was obtained for the purpose. Tlic wood Ib must beautifully ulrine], and tnliCS a high polUb, and the iu.ia*lva iihiitortlini of the trzmo and feet sliotr the rcmaiifablc charac ter of the timber to Rrmt n'lvautaiie, llic design of the ornarnoiitAtlon la imvol, pretlv, and ctlecUvc. The mcoua Ublc Ib New Couth Wales lulljiuood— a timber so beavr that it will not float ; and irhich, while being very pretty, is of a totally different orJer of beauty from the b!ack«ODd. The Blate of both tables Is from the Cutlcmain? quarries, prepared on tbe establishment ; nnd It U nn) loo mne.l} to GQy tl]ilt,vvlllj tljUQ Itbleg, the Mourn. Alleoclt may clidliei'igo 'wuipctl- tlon Hith the tt Wa Lwtd's SrnvBVon.— Captain McLced t.loyd's Surveyor at Melbourne, savB the Mercury, bus tnmplntcd. hla preltmlunry survey of fho Iwo new birnneB enw In rourso nf oanBll-uclion nt the Bhlp ynriifl, Battery l'olnt, ami lm« nivle various nag. Be«tlon- to the lmllilers In respset lo the manner of cmnpl^llui; the vc»ds for clnsi (lintlnn. We nili)eni;and that tlic'e nrc llm twn flret new torkcIk f'lrvi'yr-n: lj- ai|ilul« Mcl.coil, uunu hv mi niifiiihitel Lloyd's Purveyor nt MellKturiie.' Our readers v.111 al»o Kmeiobcr lhat aTninnnian bnilt vessel, the ' Acaria.' lioci the linnour of b'inr tLt flrvt vessel claufWt ill kli.A South' Will™, aficrllu-appiiinunen' liy'lJ.iy.VB of .1. n: Parkier, Esq., as their curvcrur at (|)jt port., tttirnvUlB C--'-oa.— Opinions of the Press. ^' Tiiopn who nivc nnl yet tricfl Mnrn villa will Jo we!) lo flnso.'— J/^»,'»y / W. 'It nwy JnsUy be called the |)orfcctlmi o( pre pired Cocoa.' — Brilith llntinil Journal. ivTarcvJUa Coroa — The Glohe says, 'Taylor Drolhers' Maravllla Cocoa lion achlevC'l n thorough buc~c*», and Ailperaedrs cver-- ntlicr Cocoa iu the nmrkct. r.nltre snlubliity, a delicate nronin, and a rare con centration of the purest Clements of nutrillun, dhtllngufsli tlie Mumrlllo Oocna above ali others. For Invalid^ nnd DytpcpUes, ive couM tint recommend a more agreeable of valuable beverage.41 XZommopathf.* Coooa.— -Thin oriijlnol preparation, which has ntulned micli a world-wide reputation, la nianufacturcJ by TAVIX1H llItnTlir.KS, under llic iiblent homccnpatlilc ailvlcc aided by the 'kill and experience of the inventors, and -will be found to combine in nn eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritions property of the fresh nut Soluble cho tSoiate, made tn one minute without boiling. The above articles ore prepared cxcluslrelr by Taylor Brothers, the Urgent manufac turer! in Europt, and sold In Un-Hoed paekcU only, ty itorckecneri and othon all orer the world. Steam Mills, Brick Inn*, fcondon. Siport Chloory Hllli, Brugel, 