\- - M p. Parlttrs on SB p 'JFon'stcrj r ' -Editor -of the Herald ,j . , 1 ; Sir,— fThe Ministerial election of East Sydney, being over, it Beems not an iuipropHr time for me ?to notioo, with your kind permission, oertain personal references and allusions to myself, 'iotrpduoed by Mr Pa; ka- among tbo other elabotate personalities. by- whioh|the public u.teiaucee of this high public personage 'lwve been of lato so. abundantly distinguished, ? ? I find it rcported iu th e Herald of May 22, that'Mr Pur'kes, in his .perfunctory oration at the nomiua't.ouifur Paddington the day :provivu«, epoke of 'me as follows':— ' He effered the 'ohoioe o' offices: to Mr William Forster. That gentleman when entrus ed.with thd'.forino'tion if an Adminii traticin, niado it a -condition that he. (Mi Parkes) ?Bbotild niit be a member of it.'' So far as' this atatomeut bus any meaning,! give it the moat unqualified denial. I deny that under the circumetunoea referred to, or .under any oircumstances', I'madej Pr -endoavorod to extract from any person whatever, such - a 'condition. And indeed to any person of souud judgment^ not thrown ofiE his. balance by .personal .prejudices or i overweanrag aelf appreciation, one would think ike statement in question must be obvieu-ly not unly nntruo, but.', absurd. . . . With 'whom did I ' make,' —with whom was. it necessmy, ' or ' even '-possible ;for ma to extract— suoh a ..condition, , for the exclusion of Mr Pai kes^ or anybody i? With his accustomed happy, iud'-fiuiteuess and oracular .obscurity; jMr ; Parkes ? ihasV t#.ke6'';eire' not to enlighten the public upon th:s point. He has U0( told ub what lbeiit'fitj or 'service 'I; offered, or -conld- offi r, in return- for, or consideration of, this so-called , condition: - Hff' ^hdB ',!ndt' showli 'liow ? tbe! question ofifcuoh a condition : arose, or oould have arisen, / between * .,-iayself ; and the other ' persons with .whom I. :was. brought into personal or; political coittmUnioatidn. It ' was quite unnecessary, for me to propose such a ?coudition ' to: ' her Mojeaty'a ropresenta'tivo, because I had all the. Parliament — nay tbocolony : —?to, chouse from, and - ^vub ;rn no way bgnnd to ' nams any particular' individual. Aud even; Mr. Pftikea, with' *'llt his : felicity ' of-' assertion . and ihtiondo, 'yrill: scarcely : ?yen'thre. toi .;k'secrt 'or ibsiwiate that if I had ? been ?? iguoran'e oi foolhU 'enough to propose soob a cpuditioh'to Sir Alfred.: Stephen/ ho would havo entertained it fpr a moment* And as far' the, persons whose' co ?'operation .1 sought, it is clear, as I was the seeker, , t'hu.t1the '.po^er uf majkipg , or .. cx-icting 1 conditions losted- with ihom, and ' not with u,e It may,;p'r may 'not hii've 't)eeh-r1jut.whei'hi5r or : not is jeallyjquitO iimuiateriul lo the question— that these pttsansrifftied ,iiie certain, tiouditioh; ! .aB; tii'e^t.Icd wxiajt' - W^aratldnj,. aii3 tTiit: one j ?ol these conditions was that I should seek the co-bjitjiytion of .Mr^P.arkes..,'JJt ,is jruo , that long j beforf, and ..also . .after., I. was lioaured by. Sir j Allred Stephen, .with tlui tiust above montioued, 'T'four.d mysnlf 'boset l-y fritSnds of Mr, Parkes, : f -who did .{ all iu their powor to induce mei eitlmr! j-to Beck the c» opeitttioti »f Mr Parkas, or to joiu 'him 'in foraiag an Admiuistrmion. Thiyioi'iy h.'Vo ilono this -from tho purcJt public moliyt-s, aud in Do wH'y 'frotn opnsidorationa uf prospective bemfit to 'themselves, as po s.blo menibers or supporters of what -I was assured would ^he a strong G-jvcrnment viudeed, n» perhaps it would haveho.in., Tlu-y m.iy hate done it wuhout the, kuowledgo of Mr. Purkos, Who, in his grand iunoeouce and 6ymplicity, aeeu:B 'to te generally quite 'ignorant of what his friends aro spying or djing on bis behalf. It may have been y.'eatly to my loss or discredit that I did not comply vvi'lr these inducements, or that I did net aojept -Ui:h a rendition, supposing it io havo been ('iTercd. ?Hiiwever, a3 tho public ate already aware, i neither aoughi Mr. Parkea' co i\nr, when he sought mine, by off.-riDu mo office, did 1 for a moment hesii.itu to refuse his off r. But alii this '-does not prove the truth of Mr, Pallet's' a. ateoiet:t, because it ? was iu my pover to hold; myself aloof from him, as I have h' Id ' mis.lt alooi1, without any eoudiiion whatsover. , . I.um not qu:te clear 'whether, by liis state meats or iuainuitiom against me, Mr Pa ke» in'euded to brand me as one of the intii^uerB. 'But why should I cxpeot to eecapo scathlesB more than Sir Alfred Stephen? ' Every one kuowa that it is cbaraatoriatio uf Mr Parkes, on all suitable occasions, to pic ure himself -as the centre of a criaia, and surrounded , by daik conspiracies aod intrigU28. And doubtless, tho sucoesslul mtbor of the Fenian Conspiracy, popu'any kno.vn as . the 'Kiama Ghost,' may claim a -sort of vested right in public credulity. But in this case, from wb»t has been said above, the public will be apt to suspeot that,: if any innigue existed, it was all on the other side, and ?that its object waa 'to c ;jo!e er to 0-rce me into. | an sfRociation which, however profi-ub. J to myself and ovh'ors, would have destr-yed whoiever piiblio -reputation I possess, whether it be great ?or small. ; . . , . , Another of Mr Parkea' well known characteristics has bean exemplified in this matter. I meas the prerogative I.o assumes to dispense with the ordinary obliyatiotis of honour, between man aud man, and to regard all hreaohfa of private confidence as capable of boiDg condoned for Iub own personal prifit or convenience. Whatever question of conditinns arose. 'between mypetf andahose whose cooperation I sought in forming a Miniatry could only havo become knotvn to him by their disclosure of what occutrod in such confidential intercourse as necessarily belonged to tlat occasion. This promulgaiiou — I presume with the concurrence' of his colleagues — ia worthy of the statesman nho, after having b--en possessed^/or sever, leen ye,r* of a letter, confidentially addressed to him as editor - of a newspaper, divnUod its - cooteuts to . damage, or confound a political opponent in the ?Legislative As«'-rab!y. And now I venture to aek why cannot Mr -Park'. s let me alone ? I', for a short time; by uo. '.desire or effort of my own, I Stoud a little in hia way., 'I have left the road open to him since ?Whuiever he or his friends muy say^ I have not .interfered with his arrangeiasnta, or joinod in any of tiioie ' maohiiiations' attributed to oil who did see — us I own ?! do not see- — in Mr , Parkea, a Political Messiah I have eavnd him from a perhaps troubles-ma and impracticable colleague, by refusing offie.-- a. d r tvliu' we are told is to be the strongest Government ever kocwu or heard i f, Some lima or other I may tell bim why I refused his offi.-r.- Bu', in the meantime; why dues ho not leave me to that, ob entity. . and , icsi^n Scarce which I had the bad t s o or I ly: to prefer to being associated with him iu politiou,' psTtnerahip ? Surely, . after inch a convincing proof of my want of. pattiotis'm, 'I have reason to complain that he'sbould still think it worth his.j ?ivbile to make me the hritt of ambiguous char-. ;a aud profoundly philosophical aarcaama or Worse— that he should oontinue to bespatter me with mawkish '.praises, than which — let me assure him, whatever he -may think to the oo? trary— nothing can be. more nausaoua to any mah'o'f ordinary n fiuement not to speak of decent feeling; or common l^ouesty. . t am Sir, yours, &c.;, i ? William Forstee. Syduey May 23. 