THE ZIEMAN MURDER. IN opening the trial at Toowoomba, on Mon- day last, of Patrick Collins for the murder of Simon Zieman, and of Catherine Beckett for being accessory after the fact, a very unusual circumstance took place. When the jury was being formed, the Attorney-General challenged Mr. Charles Cox, the miller, for cause, and a special jury was sworn to inquire into the ob- jection. Mr. Pring gave evidence that Mr. Cox had told him, outside the Court, that he did not wish to be on the jury on Collins' case, as the accused had on one occasion saved his child's life by pulling bim out of the water. Mr. Cox said that he had a feeling for Collins on that account, but if he was obliged to go into the box he would do his duty. The triers ac- cordingly decided that Mr. Cox should not be sworn on the jury, and his conduct in making the statement he had done was warmly com- mended by Judge Lutwyehe, and also by the Attorney-General and the counsel for the defence. On Monday, May 8, Patrick Collins was formally charged with the murder of Simon Zieman, on the 2lst November last ; and Catherine Beckett was put upon trial as an ac- cessory. The evidence during Monday and Tuesday was almost similar to the reports pub- lished just after the murder, the principal wit- nesses being—Lewis Zieman (brother of de- ceased)} James Rogers, mailman; William Bea, surveyor ; James Hamilton, chief warder, St. Helena (who gave a minute account of a pair of boots made for the prisoner at the con- vict establishment) ; Patrick Henry, constable (who found the body) ; John Aitken (who gave very conclusive evidence regarding the proceed- ings upon the station about the time of the murder). Thursday, Mat 9. The Court resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. Examination-in-chief of John Aitkin, con- tinued:—The saddle produced is that used by prisoner on Friday, 24th November last; the strap on it is the one deceased took off my saddle on the 21st November; I know the place on the station called the "old yard;" it is up Tartulla Creek in the opposite direction to Gunda Creek ; the "old yard " in a straight line would be eleven miles from the waterhole where the body was found ; I saw McGovern at the station the night of the 21st; he came in about sundown and brought in a few horses ; McGovern left the station that day on purpose to get in horses to go with the cattle, and to fetch in one of his own ; McGovern left on the 22nd November to go with the cattle to St. George's Bridge, and he did not return for more than a fortnight after; I heard of the finding of the horse that deceased was riding on Saturday, the 25th November, and on the following day news came of the murder; the female prisoner was there; when she heard it she said, "Patsey! Puasey! my God! what have you done?" By Mr. Blake: I knew prisoner some years ago, in Ipswich ; his father's house was about three miles from the town ; when he first came to the station he said he had come direct from his mother's ; I knew he bad been in trouble, and at St. Helena, but did not know the particulars ; on the evening of the 20th both the young Becketts followed deceased and me into old Beckett's room; when we went into the room both prisoners were in the parlor ; I went out once from the room during the evening and they were there still; I swear that I said before the magistrates at Surat that the female prisoner made use of the words, " Patsey! Patsey! my God! what have you done " when she heard of the murder, or about that time ; to the best of my belief Thomas Jones was present when she made use of the expression. William Turnbull deposed: I was a stock- man at Tartulla in November last; on the morning of the 21st November prisoner asked me to bring him up his roan horse from the paddook, as he wanted to turn his other two horses out to grass ; I brought the horse up for him, and he went away ; I saw prisoner at the stockyard that evening, about half an-hour before sundown ; he was on foot; he said he had seen plenty of grass, and had come across a mob of " flyers," up at the " old yard," near the creek ; he said he could not do any good with them, for though he had turned them two or three times they had got away ; I went to bed that night between 9 and 10 o'clock; I saw prisoner about half-an-hour before that; I got up next morning at daylight and went to the yards to draft cattle ; McGovern and William Beckett came to help ; we drafted about 200 out of a mob of 300 ; prisoner came up to the yards when we had nearly done ; I left the station that evening (the 22nd November) to join the cattle on the road. By Mr. Blake: I did not return to the station for more than a week ; the murder was known when I returned , prisoner was with me at the yard on the evening of the 21st November, whilst I was handling a young horse ; I did put on a white dress of Mrs. Beckett's one night to frighten Mike Newsome and make him think it was the murdered man's ghost. John Clancy deposed: l am a contractor, re- siding at St. George's Bridge ; I was at Tar- tulla Station about the 21st November last; I saw deceased there on that day ; I lent him a chestnut horse ; I left the station that afternoon with John Beckett, about 3 o'clock ; I did not see the cheatnut horse again till some days after at Donga ; he was cut on the hock of the near hind leg ;1 led him from Donga to St. George's Bridge ; the horse was not cut when I lent him to deceased. John Beckett deposed: lam a grazier ; I was at Tartulla en the evening of the 20th No- vember. After tea, I was in my father's room with my brother (W. Beckett), the de- ceased, and John Aitkin ; I saw prisoner as I was going into my father's room, but I did not see him again till I went to bed ; I slept in the same room with him that night ; next morning prisoner said, "That fellow had great blowing about his money—what was it he was offering you for £3?'' I told him it was a £4 cheque he was offering to sell me for £3 ; de- ceased bad been talking about money in my father's room ; the conversation was about the purchase of cattle ; deceased offered a price for them, which was refused ; my father mentioned something about bills ; deceased said, "I don't deal in bills ; if you like to let me have the cattle I can pay in ready cash, or in notes if required ; he showed me a cheque and told me he was going to pay it to Murphy, the lawyer, for my brother William ; it was not signed ; the conversation I had with prisoner was shortly after breakfast; I saw him again about an hour and a half afterwards, on the verandah, with a saddle on his arm ; after din- ner I saw the horse of the deceased saddled, ready for a start ; deceased, on putting on his poncho, frightened the horse, and it broke the head piece of the bridle ; when deceased left the station he had a green hide whip in his hand, broken at one end ; I left Tartulla that after- noon, about 3 o'clock, with Mr. Clancy ; we went by the road to Donga ; we saw some drays camped at the woolshed, with two men and a boy. By Mr. Blake: I know a girl called Jane Ryle; a short time before the prisoner came to the station, I saw my brother William beat her with a whip ; it was a green hide one, like the one produced ; I took it out of my brother's hand, but I do not know if it was broken. Thomas Marsh (who gave his evidence with much difficulty owing to severe illness) de- posed: lam a grazier on the Maranoa ; I got to Tartulla station about an hour before sun down on the 21st of November last; I slept there that night, in a little end skillion room ; prisoner slept in the same room ; he was in bed when I turned in; I got up about 6 next morn- ing, prisoner was still in bed; Ido not know whether his clothes were on or not, as he was underneath the bedclothes ; there were no clothes by his bedside; I left the door of the bedroom open when I went to bed, and it was open when I awoke ; I slept very soundly ; I awoke once in the night, but I do not know whether prisoner was there then or not ; I only spoke to him when I went to bed. John Shannon McGovern deposed: I am a stockman to John Beckett; I was in William Beckett's employ up to the 22nd November last; I first saw prisoner on the 12th Novem- ber ; on the 14th I went with him to O'Brien's to fetch cattle ; we returned the next day to Tartulla ; I rode a black horse belonging to prisoner, he rode a big bay one of his own ; I noticed the bridle prisoner was riding with ; it was of thick leather, but very narrow ; he had another old bridle, with which he was lead- ing the pack horse ; he sold the old bridle a short time after to Thomas Jones ; we stayed on the night of the 14th at Glenair ; I slept in the same room with prisoner ; I saw him open his swag ; it had in it a blanket, quart pot, pair of moleskin trousers, Crimean shirt, and a pair of blucher boots ; I went again with prisoner on the 18th, from Tartulla, to get cattle, and returned on the 19th ; he used the same bridle that he had before, but he had a different pair of reins ; he had changed the narrow reins with his sister (Mrs. W. Beckett) for a pair of wider ones ; the reins on the bridle now produced are those he got from his sister ; the headpiece and forehead band are part of the narrow bridle, but the throat lash and cheek pieces appear to belong to another bridle; the cheek pieces on the part of a bridle produced appear to belong to the narrow bridle ; on the night of the 20th November I saw prisoner pull off a pair of trousers in the kitchen ; he had a pair of moleskin trousers on underneath ; I saw prisoner leave the station next day with the same pair of moleskin trousers ; about half past l on the 21st deceased and I went away from the station together ; before we started the horse of deceased broke its bridle; deceased mended it by making a fresh hole in the check piece; there were two pint pots and a pair of hobbles on the saddle, fastened by a small horsehide strap ; I saw de- ceased take the same strap off Aitkin's saddle, and put it on his own ; the reason I went at that time was that I was going to fetch in some horses to drive the cattle with ; when we left we took the direction of the Dongah crossing- place; we went along the road all the way till we came to the crossing at the Balonne ; when we got up the opposite bank, we came in sight of the Surat-road ; we struck the road in sight of the woolshed, and about half a mile from it ; we saw two bullock teams and a boy driving some spare bullocks behind ; travelling from Surat we can- tered along the road in the direction of Surat to the Long Swamp ; this is about 2½ miles from where we struck the road ; I turned off to the right to look for the horses, and deceased went on in the direction of Surat ; I never saw him again ; the waterhole where the body was found is about four miles from the Long Swamp on the left-hand side of tee road going to Surat ; I went about a mile up the swamp, and then turned toward Donga Station. The drays we had seen on the road were camped at Donga woolshed ; I went up to them and spoke to the men ; this was about an hour from the time we had first seen them ; I left the teams and went down to Donga head station ; there was no one there ; I went out over the plain about one hundred yards from the drays up Donga Creek ; I found five horses and took them home ; I got home about sun- down ; I slept on the kitchen verandah, in front of the store door that night ; I got up next morning soon after daylight, and went to the yard to draft cattle ; after breakfast I got ready for starting with them, and after din- ner I left the station with William Turnbull and William Beckett ; Beckett came about two miles on the road with us and then turned back again ; I saw prisoner the day after I started ; he came to the mid-day camp with William Beckett ; they went on ahead to Moore's ; they both came and camped with us that night ; I noticed that prisoner's bridle had different cheek pieces; I saw the bridle again at St. George on prisoner's horse ; I next saw it at Surat at the examination. The Court was then adjourned till 10 o'clock the following morning. By telegraph we learn that the case was not concluded last .night, and that the female pri- soner was discharged. 