MIL^KG. May lo, 1872. Your correspondent, or at lea-t one of them, ^H has been mure for some time, uot for want of ^M subject; to write aixm:. but from an over-abun- ^B dance of strange events $ and being one of those ^ who would rather be silent than chronicle events j which are daily occurring in our midst, and 1 vrtucn, though true, are stranger ihan action, I 1 will ju.:t mention one circumstance of this kind ?which happened the other ni^ht, or rather morn ing, and which, as our immortal poet says, ' is just as true as the deil's in ? ;' out you know the rest. As one of our worthy neighbor farmers ? was wending his way home, alter having enjoyed himself with a fen- old cronies at Host ? 'a ; but I must not tell evervttiiug, or you will know too much. Well, be was ' na fu' but just had ' plenty,' and at a very lonely part of the road he was startled by hearing something like the clauk ing of chains, or the jingle of cracked bells, he was not sure which, but presently he was more ' alarmed at seeing approaching him a form which, as he says, was ' like neither beast nor body ;' he was sure nothing huuiau could appear in thai shape. It made his hair, what there was of it, stand on end, aad his eyes were almost starting A from their sockets as the apparition stalked almost f^J up to him. Fear or curiosity, we will not say ^B which, kept our friend stationary, whilst the ^ ghost or gobliu commenced walking round and | round him, coining closer every moment. At ] last the poor man mustered courage to ej culate ' who, or what are you ?' i'he reply came ia very unsteady tones and broken English — *' I1 in Jack, de ostler, who you?' i'he relief of the poor farmer may be better imagined than des cribed when he discovered it to be only a mortal like himself, who had imbibed rather freely at a pub not a hundred miles from here, aud some one thinking to play a trick on poor Jack, took the saddle and bridle off his horse and turned the horse adrift 5 but Jack had good pluck, and 'not caring to stay in such company, took the saddle on his head, and tramped to the uiudic of the clankirg stirrups. A number of our townspeople are following those who have gone before to the magnificent new country in Narracoorte direction. 1 hope they will not be disappointed. The shipping is very quiet, this week. There is nothing worth reporting. 