3:0 rat JntcHujrnrc. GLEE CLUB. — A meeting was held at the Cooma Hotel, in the early part of the week, with the object of forming a Glee Club in Cooma. The attendance was more numerous than was anticipated, and the object of the meeting was suc- cessfully carried ont; a club having heen formed, and twelve or fifteen members joined. Mr. Joseph Pycroft tendered, gratuitously, his services, as tutor, to the tiowly wrnifa cl-i'. an oner winch nan re ceived with thanlcR to the liberal donor. After a little prafiiee, we have no doubt thu members of tli* Club will ' report jtrugreeB*' by giving a concert, or by sonic -otlur.nicans to suit Uiemsclvcs, Public (School Ilomin— Jtis notified fliat Sips**™. R. I?ii))iiiFon and B. Ijipsromb have horn appointed additional nipiubois of tiie Public £cli»ul Hoard at Ciioma. liimuivit rnosi Bai.k. — The ni.dcr d&crihed; purtiniiR of Und have been re served from sale for the preservation nf ?water soimlv : — JfMara IMtlnel. No. 1W. Co»n!T-r-f Pjjnrufr. 1 »-i'h of Cntitn, 3 ami 1 nk.l. lttCwni lulls wilbin ll.- f. illowing liitnn i1«rir«: Oo«mrwii:-: th.-- *-o»th-*i^t corner of pa^ioii S-l. «iil ti'»»V J ..ii ill., norh liv « «..,lb I.. unU^rr cl tbitt jiAtfjull. t) ^rinff 4«*-f II thufit^ IS tfnk^; on lh-- rj|ftf -iy ? «rM lmnn*.ry i'f linrlinn Ml, -*«, tm -oulh 1 'ihniln S llnkn : -m the m-«ih l.v « linr IcnrinR rrat 1' minuirK K'.rth 1 1 rlwisK J.nil 13 link- ; on 'b- wi.wl dr ? linr l™r jnp nnrlh 2 tb .in« toil ^ ILnVk. to tk? i«int of cmmcnCL' roeiit No. n -V-iifil*«rHiirmT. T-«rM) nf ritlliei. in thi O'lntnhmii ?«'( Otiniiooa R .«J. 28 4«n«. The Cra«« lnmli. mthia Ihi' Mlovinil l...un^nnii. : CoinwiiicInF «l (the nnrlh *W onnrrof pniti-ti IS. »n1 l..»niM . n lh HMvuth br Ih.-nnrth Wsri'ltTT ..f lh.it portiiffl. unSnortiun «t, hmilnit n« 41 ri in, .n.| T link- : .« llir c-«-t l.j- n linr h.-nmi»nnrtlif rtnilnnnnii 4 II kn; Anihonnrth In loit -f Ihf Hnilk lHiunil«rT of loiri.iu IJ und Ihe t.iuli. iH'Uiiilnrr of foriinn 2f Hud il» «--NtrilT rrnl-.npAtinn. 'Wnrlnr VM 2* tniuutu. couth 41 rtaiiiim nnrl 7 Hutx ; ou tHt- vr«l liy m linr -.t«rini( tioutn T iinkb mil 8 uliuinH, to *h» t-iint of (.iiMMeiioftni'iit ... . t'KllMlBHION TO PuilCIl ARE. — TtlP nn 'd^miciitiimed ]«tsoiir are perm it led tti jitircliow, underfill- ]Ith necliiin of the Alienutinn Act, trie portion of iHiidspeci fieci n^nioBt their names. The purchase money nm«t lie' paid to the Colonial Treasurer within three inoiiths of the 7th instant, under a penally of an addition of 1 0 per cent, to the «ppra'iRcil valne ; ami. if not p»\d within a further period of tlirce iiioiiUifl, the permission to purchase will lopsp/ind (he land solil hy nnctinn : — Meiwrs. .1. C., A., nnri I-. 'Ryrin, 28 jBcrPR 3 mods, county nf IJereRfuril, parish of Micalugo- appraised valae, inclusive of Aotd fee, £i!9 15s. liANi) Sale. — A sale of Crown lands will bu held »t Coouia, lipga, and Quean ?beyan on tlio 22nd Juiy next. A de scription of the several lots to be offered will be ftiiiiid vhomhere. Thb HoiiUKn Dutiks. — The Grovcrn menl has submitted to the Government of Victoria a proposal thnt an Act should J-r olttiiinvd from the Ijegisiature in emch of the three colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, and Smith Australia, milking provision for taking jointly an account of the trnde ncrosn the buundary line of the riiOT Mnrry, f«r s period of itrelve eolen dar months, and imposing pcn^lli'-R upon jpersnnR (fiviiiR falsu inf--nnation as to the character and value vf goads, and em juiwering the Government «f en-li colony to make u convention foreBtiiblialiing free commercial intercourse between the three -ui]i-nics on the basis of the return eo ob tained, .. PKBSETStJtmitu. — It is rumored that« mntch, Tor £3 a-side, has been completed between M«sre. Sewell and P. Dillon, the furnier t-i gire tlic latter seven yards in 100 yards distance. There is a slight dispute as to where the race will be ran ; 'but, from-what we can hear, it is probable t)ie ground ctosen will be b?low the Cooma PouiidTntd, and that the race will come off on Thursday next, tbc aOl!) instant. - Stations.— We have been informed that Mr. W. Kiss has. purchased the tJleolwg and Bobundarah stationn, but the* nm'nnt of pnrch'nse money we did not .^certain: _ It is also stated tbat the irontnongie and Dogkennell runs htve ?tteen'witlidrawn from public competition, for private «o)e. We have since leaned th»t« the price paid by the purchaser of tfiv 6fst named runs ia £2 10«. per head .for cattle, 8«.per head for sheep, and £1 per acre for purchased land. Tan Weather in and around Cooma ling Iwen fine and warm throughout the Aiy, but die sights are exceedingly cold, and . tho frosts unusually severe- — the ; ' sharpest «xperieiiced for several winters ?pnst oornrred during this week. It is irerijarked throughout the entire district .that. the frost this season eclipses pre ?, ? rions years in a remarkable degree.. At . jffmitylielie, *hore was a smart fall of snow on Bnnday nigbt, and the ranges . ii)ibel-Rck coimtrjrare bow coiop!et-Iy ^,«fiVvred with snow. , 'NViKitlierTwiBe pro j.pheta pr.dict an nnasn.atly hard winter,' -(basing their calculations on the extr«or . I'Sinnij'- prcvflleiifee 'f native eats and ? ' ojiMFiUnB, which, it isBBsertcd, is a enre foisrnnner of a very dry, hard winter. ' '?? ' X..Xio-ajf.'—Wimrciiit-iru ei thai Messrs. : Higgina^roUiera; of Ooolnmaiong, tiarc *tartedf!01ip»9:or jjriinc store cattle for. ? Gouibarn-' .''Tfiief »™ *M to be a Grst ?c}#(B Jot, comprising uillch cows and sov-, eral lead of what may beUrmcd fat,' ??'? «**M tiuin stor^, faoUueks. r-iiitKr. — A larn-' niiiubiT of shct'p, , imrrhnsed in thU iliitrii-t) pns«rirl Cn»m» yeptenlny fm- Ofinihrtrn 'dnd fiydupy. JIikeiial8.— We have more than or jlinaij I'lcutitri: in calling nlimrlion to n «erii'8 of nrticlcB jilinui. to appear intthc 7ofr'« aud fXnintfii Journal, expliiiiiiiiR, in (lie nn»tt kiiiijiIc terinn, the iimiinrr in wlitrh iivinerivl' sluntid lialvsttd. Tlnsi arliclt* will tnidoiibtcd'y pmve of value !n tbn rnimtry ill p'liiTnl, whilst to those resiilin^ nt Koine dislniiee (ruin a tonm Bliin, or in localities wheio ii in a matter ?'if jilliruHy to iibiain « ciniipPlnilupii)i'ii -m iiiiaiTiii Kiilistuiicet;, ev ry f.uilily will be aflwided 01 fiiilisfvinj,' tiieniselviK whctliiT thojr*' finds' r,re of mmmerrial value or nucleus. Knofinsr thnt thfre ;ir^ S' mnny minprnla of kiwivn valnp exisliiiK in *lhi« district, teijnirjng only (lie ' kii'wledfrn 'f hoR'*to tvst.Uii'tn' t» lirinj; Ihcm into use, nnil Ihe district into repnto, we cannot hut hail with pleasure Miopiililii-alinnof a Bori.'siifprliclcs which will tend to bring iiliouftliat desirable end. ? Rokanc, — A tiMfriH-f nf *lmnt n foot in tliieliiiPS'; has been discovered »l ftnnfin^. We tMtwJsoino firat-rate islunB from Win plaeq. Wk are. rcqucfted by Mr. E. Mandel Ron to Mnte thnl. the furniture lias arrived, :itii1 will he sold positively oir Thursday next rVomiNfl. — On Tlinrsday last, a lsrge flfsscmhliigff cmigrepatcd «t Tes-trcc Race ConrRe, to witness the match between V r. J. O'Brien's ch. c. Shronhifl and Mr. .7. rcrrj'n br. f. Waterlily, for £20 a-side. The uttcuil slice was far more, numerous than had been anticipated; there could not have been less than from 200 to 250 persons on the course. Tlio arrangements wero carried OHt moct satisfactorily ; Mr. .Tnmes ClifTurd acting as Judge, rliilo Messrs. H. lkonkcs, A. Barr.-t, and G. Cohen offiei«.(ed as BtowardR. the last named genUctn«n attending also to tho scales. The programme of the day com prised four events, the principal nf which was the private one between tbo horses nivovc named. Shnrtly after noon, the horses were saddled np, and, from the ap pearance of tliB nnfrs, Sbronhill wns itl onco pronounced thefnvorite, an opinion which the colt justified, as will be seen by the appended description of the r»C2. There was, certainly, a great disparagement in the weight, inasmuch as Shronhill carried 8 st. 1 1b. (8 lbs. overweight), whilst Wfttorlily was monnfed with a pound over 9st. C lbs. R. Pollock piloted the -?hesmtt,«ndthcvctcrau ' Mat Slnculister' rode the brown mare. The start was nnt n very ifood one, Shronhill going 'off' with a load of at lenst two lengths, which he gradually increased, and, on reaching the half-iuiic post, had a very good lend ; but, on descending the course to the dis tance post, and from thence past the Rtund, the lend held by Shronhil! was con siderably diminished, being, in fad, ro ducrd to two or three lengths. At this point of the race, the weight began to tell on the brown filly, for on rising the hill to the quarter-mile post, Shronhill had widened the gap Jictween him nnd Watcr lilly, notwithstanding the latter animal made a game effort to catah the chcsmit before reaching the hulf-niilo. post. From thence, tho race lay virtually with the chcRiiut, nhich animal was landed a win ner, hard held, by nearly a distance. After a short respite, the Maiden l'lalc followed, for which twohorses only started, vir.., Mr. J. O'llrien's ch. c. Shronhill, aud Mr. M. Macniister's br. h. Warrior, resulting in a victory to tho chesnut. Tins event was. followed hy the Selling Stakes, which was pullivl off by a horse caKcd Holmes, better known us ' The Ghost.' The Cialloway Sluice was pieced tothecreditof.Mr. E. O'Brien by Tommy Dodd. A Hurry Scurry brought to a termination » very pleasant and satisfac tory day's rat-ing. SxDDLcnv. — We are glnd to learn that Mr. T. J. Putter, of this town, will enter the lists at the Melbourne Exhibi tion to compete in the saddlery depart ment. It is not a usual thing for a country saddler to send a proof of his handicraft to so distant a place ; but his well-known ability will cansc considerable interest to be taken by tho Milliard people in the matter. If he does not win, his pluck is very deserving. At all events, bis competitors must look out. Land Offick.— On Thursday Ia6t, 1651 acres were conditionally purchased, and 364 ncrcs selected after auction sale, milking a total of 2015 acres, (he deposit and purchase money received for which amounted to £776 15s. Vkcluuf.d Letter List. — Letters, addressed as below, tire now lying at the General Post Office, Sydney. Applicants must be careful to' give the date and number of list and number of the letter. General Post Office, Sydney, 15th May, 1872\. List^lO-i-i ? r ??Skip-UtllTt.- ? 58 Collwoa, K. W!% lumut 17 H.Wf Wm, BomHI. 10 Franklin P , Velepits -Mil mChi'uD.p, iwmlak Cnhnial trim: GJA.tkim'Wra.IlomW* I0OMl«reJ.,Currowoni,(!| 110 lluht Philip. Item 42 IVJroi.i J., Marmnbula 170 UnnHhunt W. !!„ (! MeiimliuU) Btuicciiileie ?' iloi,er*on ftalida, Euok 88 Carter Wm. John, Brg* li*'« C.-o»-in« - (tOoomi) ? lO2Ili.*l.irW. ir.,Mctta SI (.Ulinir Mr.. MorirqljuTl bul. UtHot Hnirr-'.. Dnrn lltRyuirohn.mmHrbelle ii J..tn«t.»n J. A.. C«n«do 16 BooU H.. Jii,;,t. «0 Jonn Tkna.. DrM» ltl Sladdui« 11., BarntuOii 69Jn»Ptk..Ki..n1r» -8Trn-rellC It , Etei HK4ltBauniia.B-nibmU *t Willtanu. O, Bombila. U5M'(5utUck«M.,}Jlnil tjtrelle (I M'OutBtta) Mkdical.— Dr. O'Bciljy, of Bombala, purposes visiting Nimitybelle every Wednesday. We ore told that the sbovc gentleman bears an excellent reputation as » skilful medical man. A kesiaob by wire on Thursday in forms us Ihut-Mr. Morton's bull, ' I)ukc of Brunswick,' was sold on that day to Mr. William Robertson, of Colac, for £800 — the highest price ever given in Victoria. / . ?? Tuk follpwing' telegram, dated Ade-. hide, 80th jlayjiip'ptears'in tho Melbourne papers :— The Cpnimissioner of Crown LzndB, in consequence of inunction of the Sydney Govcrhment, has resolved to re fuse permits for sheep from New South Wali«. Tub newspaper accounts of the execu tion tif Conn state that his head snd body were jerked asunder, and .thatvthe head alone reinainpd swinging in fthe rope. The official certificate of execution in the Government Gazette declares that be was ' hanged by the neck until his body was dad.' 