THE COMING OOMET. (From the Saturday Review.) Nervous people, as it is creditably stated, bave been pnt to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards as with amazing rapidity from the remote abysses of spaoe, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming; that, if it were coining, it would be a very welcome visitor ; and that we have already passed through a comet, and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well ; but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not In their boyhood— for even astronomers have been boys — snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world ? Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe whioh was at qum the ohara and tenor of hiaearly yaaa, and have all phantoms suppressed till the , world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our . childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till his impressiveness has departed from him. We know the legend of Cavier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his i declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified oar infancy were unmistakable proofs of a gramnivorons nature. Even so the co met has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of oar ancient alarms, and to assure us that, some time or other, the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, bis fellow-philosophers foand fault with some of his details, for scienoe is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period ' dally with false surmise,' and endeavour to return to the sitnnle faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able without the help of tele scopes, to see the little oloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow, slowly at first, hut afterwards with a rate of increase almost preceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watoh its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than nnything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish batb. But tbe time during which we shall he conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to bo placed between two such antagonists, we shall not havo time oven for an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawls amongst the little excres cences on the earth's skin will be instan taneously dismissed from existence. Ou £be other side of tho world we shall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. We shall sro the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust — to indulge in a humble simile — is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, eaoh on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it — so we shall remember on the faith of n president of the British Association some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endless process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate auother alternative and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ioe of the poles, and singe the world into the likenesB of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to he converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas 1 we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming, might possibly be equal to the task of describing the oomplete and instan taneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal, she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest tbe bare out lines of a purely imaginary picture, whioh our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a oatastrophe oould really be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe tbe men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable tbat we should resolutely deolios to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathe matics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things, even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for tbe purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is sur mounted. If we were all really oonvineed that at four o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on tbe 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would be summarily knooked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds ? The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduoed to tbe state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retire ment, or would endeavour to awaken tbe con sciences of tbe sinners around them ; whilst the sinners would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there was no use in keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a oomet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest ; but the question remains, bow far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vit inertia in our own grooves. After a little time one would become more or less aochstomed to tbe prospect. One would feel tbat, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employments which have become necessary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted on taking his aooustomed pill an hour before be was hanged ; and, if we ware all under sentence of exeoution— as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even with out the intervention of a oomet— it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that we should set in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, ' it's all very well ; we shall not want any thing more after the 12th of August; but that ia no reason why we should not have our regular meals and enjoy our newspapers at ? breakfast.' 