Steve Dodge. I ain't much good at tollin' a yarn. For I never waa much at 3chool ; Born, bred, an' rearod on a prairie form, An' allua reokon'd a fool. But, fool as I was, to a man I grew ; An' if I got nothin' beside, I got ntrength of muscle, an' bono, an' thew, An' a tongue as never lied. Au' some of your schoolmen, I opine, Had never been rogues an' cheats ; Supposin' they'd never met sheep an' kine, In the crush of a oity's streets. For do as yo will in their roar an' clash, List whether yo will or not, You muBt draw in with your tradin' cash, Some dimes from the Devil's lot. But alone in tho woods-if ye ain't all brute Aro voices for over near ; Kind homely words, just fashioned to Buit All days in the changin' year : Summer and Springtide, Winter an' Fall, Flowers, fruits, ripe harvests, an' snow, Preaohin' an' pleadin' to one an' all, What's right for us men to know. But this ain't tellin' the thing off slick, 'Bout my poor comrade an' me, But Ï can't help backin' an' fillin' a bit, For I push for the wild salt sea. * * * * * Jist nineteen years, if I don't mistake, Come next maple suaar time, . S te ve Dodge an' me, on'the Moosehead Lake, Wera choppin' among the pine. We felled thro' the two first months of snow, An' the logs got soatter'd and wide ; So Steve and his wife shifted pegs below To a bluff on tho other side. Me an' Bill Stokes an' Jonathan Dole Moved Eaat'ard a league or moro, Where the trees if they straggled were bigger at bolo, An' ohock on the Moosehead shore. We belted and bau I'd thro' as sharp a week Of frost as these parts can bring, For when we opened our lips to speak, The ice in our beards would ring. The air was crisp as a frozen sheet, An' gave out no cry or call, An' the earth we battered beneath our feet, Was hard as a cannon ball. Deep in the woods the wolves an' deer Had dived when the snap began, An.' we reckoned that nothin' alive was near, Save the ox an' his driver-man. Wal, it kopt on so till near the edge Of Maroh, when Steve an' his son Come over the ioe in a neighbor's sledge To tasto our pineapple rum. The boy was only a two year old, But bright as a new mado cent, An' Steve he counted him more than gold, An' took him wherever he wont. We talked of the weather an' drunk the rum, An' smoked au' turned up Jack, For apples an' hickory nuts for the son To carry his mother back. At last the pineapple juice oaved in, An' we tickled the lad awake, An' swathed him up in a buffalo skin, For the dearin' across the Lake. Good night was said with a hearty shake Hf Vinnrlfi in tba moonlight oalm. Bat somehow or other I couldn't take My grip from his olingin' palm. So I said I'll carry the boy a yoke, For you'll find him a ten-horse load, But I never thought when the words were spoke Twould ha' been sich a lonesome road. We left the cabin an' Btruck a traok To the uppormost end of the Lake. For the ice was glaze as a sperm whale's back, An' we hadn't never a skate. We headed the ice, an' the trail was plain Thro' the hemlocks an' haokmatao, So I handed the lad to Steve again, To ¡turn on my backward track. I'd lighted my pipe an' said a'most Good night, when a hell-fire cry Came up like the wail of a sulferin' ghost, From a clump of junípera nigh. Like a Oaraboo struck right dead in the spine, Steve Btarted up from the log, An' groaned in his throat thro' the frosty rime, ' Wolvos ! by the Eternal God.' One look to his homo an' ono behind, An' then he bounded ahead, Like an iceboat lashed by a west'ard wind, On tho waters of Winneabed. I follered up oloso, an' tho pace began To tell both on mo an' him, So I took my knife an' cut as I ran Birj strips from the buffalo skin. This ain't got much of a bumptous sound, But a man wants muscle an' breath, An' I guess that oven a Bingle pound Is a help in a race with death. I kept on cuttin', an' fold on fold Fell away as wo onward flew, An' 'twould all ha' gone,jbut the midnight cold Would ha' smitten the poor boy thro'. Wo might ha' gone over half-a-mile, An' we'd nover once heard the pack Give a yelp or a howl or a snarlin' whine, But wo know they were runnin' the traok. When all of a sudden, clear, sharp, an' full, We heard the infernal rips ; They'd picked up the hide of the prairie bull, An' was tearin' it into bits. Steve stopp'd on the trail an' looked at his son, An' then glared savage at me, As if riled at tho desperate risk he'd run, Then sunk on his bended knee. He kissed the boy over an' over again, An' wept, an' seemed to pray, Then said, * Take tho lad to his mothor, Ben, While I keep the skunks at bay.' He gave me his son, an' a horrible glare Flashed out of his tearless eye, For sharp an' shrill on tho frosty air Came again the devilish cry. I tried to speak, but words wouldn't come Only high enough jist to choke, But he knew the feelin' as made me dumb, P'r'aps better than if I'd spoke. He looked at us both, for there I stood, As if part of the iron ground, But a nearer howl from the hemlock wood Set me off liko a hungry bound. ' God keep yo both,' I heatd him «ry, 'But push for yer dear good life, I'll keep the infernal whelps away, Till ye give tho boy to my wife. ' I heard ñothin'else, the earth and sky Was still, an' I hoped on yet, Till louder an'fiercer the horrible ory Told the man an'the.wolves had met. I'd heard some agony in my time, From wounded an' drownin' men, But God in His goodness keep mean' mine Prom hearin' the like again. Cry after cry carno over the BUOW, With now and again a yelp, An' once I lay the child down to go . Strait baok to the father's help. _ But the gleam of their camp-fire shinin' bright, Steemed to strengthen the bendin* reed, Tho' I felt as I ought to go back an' fight, The brutes as were chawin' Steve. I took tho boy in my arms an' sped Like mad thro' the midnight air, Nor stopttill he lay on his trundle bed, In reach of a mother's oare. * * # * * There's nothin' else ; the father gave His life for the life of the son, An' Christ when He came the world to save, .Tint did what Steve Dod ce had done. ur v OBOAU HÜGHAN. Mnrob. 30,1872. 1 