NEiV SOUTH WALES. We hava our Sydney tiles via Molbourno to the 28th ult., und by tho City of Hobart that arrived on Friday to tho 2nd inst. : During tho tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn (says tho Goulburn Herald), tho following incident occurred :- In the aftornoon at 3 p.m., a re- markable apectaolo was witnessed in the ¡inmediato neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted ty the Rev. J, G. Love, adminUtorod tho saoramint of baptism to two adults, a brother and sistor, in the Turo« Uiver. For some years tho subject of their baptism has boon under consideration by tho succoi siie clergy of tho distriot. Boing satisfied thoy woro qualified candidates, tho Bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptizo them hy immersion. A congregation boing assembled ou tho margin of tho Tuross River, the service for tho " public baptisai of mell as are of ripor years" was road hy Mr. Lovo and the Bishop. They thou both entered tho rivor to a sufficient dopth. Leading tho malo adult by the bund, the Bishop pronounced tho words, " I baptizo theo in the nanio ot the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Tho man wascomplotoly immersed in the water. Having raised him, mid "received him into the congregation of Christ's Hook," thoy pursued n Maular course with tho sister. Standing on oither "»do, and firmly holding the adult by tho hand, thoy flipped tho catechumen entiroly in tho water in ac- cordance with the alternativo in tho rubrio of tho '«»ice for adult baptism-"and thon shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;" It was a sceno novar to bo forgotten by any who witnessed it. Tho spootators »ere somewhat surprised to seo the Bishop walking steadily into deep wator, boing bimsolf considerably immersod. The novolty and solomnity of the ocour rence loft a deep impression, and tho baptized poisons »ere muoh affeoted. A dreadful trugody took placo at tho Field of Mars, oyanoy, list Sunday afternoon. A fight occurred close to the scone where Savago was murdarod somo months B¡nco, AU the particulars nro not yot to hand, hut it is assorted that foul play was resorted to. Ono W the unfortunate combatants wus brought in with n "Mtured skull, and ho diod at a few minutos to 8 ocluck 'n tho morning. Tho man who ocensionod IhBjnjiirioB ¡s in custody. Somo pooplo assert that in the tight doooaaod foil upon a stono, but thoro aro Wires wounds on tho head, oaoh of a serious tinturo, »na it is thought thoy could scarcely havo boon re ceijod in falling. Thoro was drink in this caso, another «.fal instanco here of inattention to tho Sabbath. *«o men, Tibbett senior and Tibbott junior, aro sow in custody on suspicion ol' having boen concorncd in Uarke's death. Tibbott senior is landlord of a puMic-housa at lho Field of Mars. Tho docoasod man WMke, «lias " Rod Miok," it is statod, was in »«? ' outside the publio- houso whon dying, MI« was only taken in when passors-by interfered, ino quarrel oommonood about a hammor, but then T ""in*11 oW qu««ol «nd a fight betwoon the younger ribbett and Clarke, about u month smcc *¡M'«y Umpire, IÍA* 'Tn from tn8 s!"l"tH Morning Herald that in jwue of an agroemuntor understanding urrivod al wween tho Government nnd tho Bank of Nuw «nita Wales, tho salaries and wages oftho Civil ¡errant» will bo paid for tho month of April, in thi »m« manner ns for Maroh. Tho bank ndvancos the S°"*y »quired for this purposo, without inlorost, to ""» »bo roooiva tho paymont on tho security of an .""fomtnt to tho bank of thoir respective claims. 2 .jS.w,ferîn00 to ? contrary statement tho Htmld <* Wthoriiid (osUto toatbsQovwnment»»veno funds deposited at the rate of 5 nor cent, interest, from which (as alleged) these advances are " act- ually" made. The Qovarnmont, thorofore, does not "forego internet on. tho amounts advanced for February and Maroh ;" nor docs tho public in that alleged way, " pay for tho accommodation afforded." The following dospatoh relating to tho Daphne and Young Australian is published at the requeat of tho Hon. John Robortaon, Colonial Secretary :-" Down ing-streot, 8th January, 1872. My Lord,-I have lo acknowledge yonr Lordship's despatch, No. 159, of 6th October, forwarding a letter from Mr. Robertson, the Colonial Secretary, on the subject of that part of Captain Palmer's work, entitled ' Kidnapping in the South Seas,' whioh relates to thocasea of tho Daphne aud Young Australian. I havo read with satis- faction the statement mado by Mr. Robortson, on behalf of himself and the othor gontlomon who wera members of the Govornment of Now South Wales in 1869, and I request that your Lordship will inform Mr. Robortson that, in my opinion, his statement completely exonerates tho Govornment of the colony from the charges brought against thom by Captain Palmer in the work in question. T think it duo to tho colonial Govornmont.and to tho officers whoso con- duct in thoso cases has boen impugned, that the statomont of Mr. Robortson and my reply should he made public ; and I shall, thorofore, take an early opportunity of laying thuao papers before Parliament. I havo, &o.;, (Signed) KIMMUILKV. Governor tho Right Honourable tho Earl of Belmore, &c;, &o.;" The limpii r BBVB :-Mr Gerard Krofft, Curator of tho Australian Musoum, Sydnoy, wai elected in November lust, a Corresponding Member of the Société Humanitaire et Sciontifiquo du Sudoiicst de la France. This society has its head-quarters at Bordeaux. The election of Mr. Krofft is a pleasing instance of the fact that scionco forms the basis of u true international brotherhood, which no conflicts among political dynasties can destroy or interrupt. Our readers will doubtless romombor (says the Goulburn Herald) that somo time back Mrs. Kraegen died rather suddenly in this town, and will also have read that a few months ago her husband, who was ono of tho tolograph operators in tho omploy of tho South Australian Government, died whilo ongaged on duty in connection with the ovorhiud telograph to Port Darwin. This unfortunate couple havo loft throoyoung ohildron, who aro living with their grand- parents, Mr. and Mrs. Laason, of this town. Mr. Lassoo himself ia in but poor ciroumstances, and accordingly bus preparod a memorial addrcsaod to tho South Australian Govornment, praying fur nssistanco to enable him to maintain and educate thoso ohildron. Tho momorial is being strongly recommended by tho leading inhabitants of tho city, and,as tho case is really a desorving one, it is to bo hoped that tho application will moot with favourablo consideration. A correspondent of tho 1 ulei al Staiidaid writes the following caution - " Sir,-Permit mo through tho medium of jour journal to guard tho puhlio against tho practico of drinking in tho dark Tor several yoars past I h ive boon in tho habit of assist- ing myaclf of a night timo to wator out of n dam near m> residence, not taking the trouble to inspect the samo boforo swallowing it Often in my eagoi ness to quench my thirst I have Bwallowod liles, spiders, mosquitos, and occasionally a fow bull ants, all of whioh woro better out1 of ni} stomach than in it Whon in tho act of drinking aa usual, one night lost week at the dam, I had tho misfortune to got a live centipodo in my mouth, which must have drifted from the pannikin whilst drinking Luokilj, the intruder by norna moana or other got one of his legs jamrooJ hot« eon a couple of my tooth nnd wiîa thus proientcd from accompanying tho the wnter down my throat I think the poisonous creature must haie been in tho pannikin nt tho time I went to tho dam, and probably if I had rinsed it out,thi8 unpleasant mistalto would hal obuon avoided ' I l'ho Rom/e Tileijiaph saja -Tho faot of several mcat-prosorving companies which, through vauous causea, had suspended operations, once moro com- mencing, must cause a greatly increased actiwtv in tho stock mnrket, although as yet tho i fleets uro scarcel) noticeable District stock mattera uro very quiet, tho grass ia quickly drving, and tbo water in the back country getting low, but should the nights continue to grow cold at tho eimo rato aa they ha\o baan for tho last few di}a, there will, with tho chango in tho wouthcr, como an improiomont From a gentleman who is lately from Dubbo, we hear that an numbeor of fine young bulls were passed at Nidgery, on their way to Buckanby (Mr Acres) From Coonamble we hear that 200 heifers and 11 bulls passed there on the 4th for Cannonbar, for sale, to the care of Mr W O Neil. These cattle, we believe, have been expected for some time, and will meet with a ready sale at good rates What is the Bunyip? (inquires the Wagga Adver- tiser) There really is a bunyip, or a Waa-Wee, actually existing not far from us, and others probably nearer than we imagined. The animal has boen seen by muny persona WIIOBO veracity ia unimpeachable, and whoso intimate ncquntntancn with the lamia of the Murrumbidgee, coupled with thoir general intelligence and observation, puts it ultogothur bo} ond doubt that m tho Midguon Lagoon, Bixtoon miles north of Narandera, thora oxists an animal which in every rcspeot tallies with tho description of the crcituro frequently reported as auun in various placas Uoro l8 tho account of a gentlomun who had a quiot half hour a viow of this »titingó nondescript "A fow da) a since, Mr A, who was dming sin op across country to Molbourno, camped on tho lagoon Ho oallod nt my house nnd asked whit tho animal waa that wo had in our swamp ' and pro coeded to describo somothing whioh had ilarmod lum and tna shephards I ridiculed his report, and ho got angry, inviting mo to como down and ace for myself I wont down oat]} next morning, bo tucon BIT and soi on o clock, accompanied h) two other persons, and hud not waited long bef jro I hoard tho aound as of a boil} malling rapidly through tho wator, makin,; n noiao na loud as that c uised hy a North Shoro stcamor Looking in tho direction of tho sound I miv a nroituro coming through tho water with tremendous rnpidit}, and directing its course immediately towards us Wo stood still, deeply interested, and watched the approach ot tho animal, which haling, us wo prosnmed, lately nson to tho Biirfao«, was oí i lontl} not awara ot our pro soiico It carno on with gnat swiftness until it waa scarcely JO yards from the edgo of the lagoon, whon it appeared suddenli to catch si^ht of III, and stopped instaiitK It la} on tho wator thon perfectly still and I bud a splendid viow of a croaturo that HUI priscd mo moro than an) thing I lind oior bntora soon in m} life Tho animal was about half as lung again as an ordinär} rctriowir dog, tho han all o\oi ita bad} wau |ot black and shining, its coat was \or) long-tho hair spi ending out on the surface ot tho wator for about fiio inches, and floating loosalj us the croaturo roso and fell by ita own motion 1 could not dcteot nnv tail, and tho hair about ita hoad was too long and gloss) to admit of my seeing ita 0}cs , tho eura were nell marked It ?nado no noiao, but kept ita position for half an hour, Biirve) ing us, no doubt, leisurely, although its visual organs woio hidden from us At lon"th it turned quietly round and awain off easil), without any manifestation of alarm, and wo watched it mowin; leisure ly along tho surface of tho lake until it was hidden bj tho distance Wo havo boon pioutlv excited by ita appearance, and I havo ofiorad £20 for ita dead bod), and £50 if captuii.il aluo This Btalomont ma) bo robed upon, und thoro oin ha no doubt whatever tho gentleman saw all bo has dosonbed Could not a partv bo fitted out to oarn the reward, and entiobla Wagga in tho annals of Natural Histor) P Tho Fmpiu roíales a vor\ sad accident that oc- curred ut Wiseman's Torr) ,thu roanlt being the death by drowning of n lad named Paxton nnl> son of Mr Paxton, ono of tho proprietor« of Paxton and Hol man'a onlobrated claim at Tambaroora It appears that on Wednesday morning, the members of tho Si d no) Grammar sohool Cadet Coi ps, loft in tho ateamor Aloh) miat for Wisoman'a Ferr), whoro it hnd boon arrungod to havo an encampment The) arrived at tho apot carl) in the forenoon of tho day montiouod, and beforo noon tho tanta wero pitched mid tho camp formed. Boforo dinner was aorvod, tho cadots woro allowed to batho, and ovory precaution WSB taken to provent an accident from ocourring The roll of th« company naa called at 2 o'clock, and ordeia to full iu again at four o dook woro iii von Tho captain of tho corpa, who had been on duty Binco tho provioua dal, rot ii ed for an hnni s rest, and thought thoro would bo no moro bathing In tho muintimo tho lad Paxton, n oadot, went away lo bit ho alono Ho waa noticed bv Mr Oartlott, tho secrotnry te tho Grammar Sohool, who happonud to bo near by, to ho swimming well, whon liri ami lonly cried out for help, and thon sank Mr Catlott, being unable to swim, linmodiutoly gai o the alarm, and in a minuto or so uovoral persons wura on tho spot and diving to rocover lum But all offorts nora fruitless Drugging operations woro quickly commenced, and »oro continued during tho oiomng, and throughout the nott day (Frida) ) (Ja Saturday morning tho body n as rccovorod b) moans of the grapnel irons An inquest waa hold upon the bod) at Windsor, >ostor day, and n verdict in nccordancn with tho faota of the OIIBO waa returned Ino docoasod lad was about aixteon ) cats ol ago, intelligent and with a demeanour and spirit that made him quite a favouuta at tho Behool Wo aro this woak, su)3 tho C1 ti nice Examine), called upon to chroiiinlu a rnthar serious iioaidont, whioh occurred at tho Yulgilbar ford, on tho Claronco liner, which resultod in tho anpsi/ing ol a boat, on Wednesday last, and tho narrow escapo of tho losa of threo In us It appoara that tho Claronco River, remaining so long swollen, l>) tho lato lioaiy luina, tho minora at Solfonno Roof, woro becoming short of supplies, owing to the duna being so long detained atthurivir, whon tho lion 11 1) Ogilvie MLC, waa applied to for tho loan of his boat, which waa kind)) grunted, for the purpose of crossing sup phoa, mid it waa white attempting to stem tho strong uurront, that tho boat, in which »aro three stalwart mon-Mr A Stowort, of Malera Crook Mr Robnrt Davidson, mid Mr J I'upnian, cap Hi/ud, and nroeipitatod ita ocoupanta into tho tin bid stroaui Air Stewart, who ia a good swimmor, man aged to reaoh tho shore, and tho othor two mon who could not swim, fortunately suceoeded in boinir thiown into somo buahoB in tho centro of tho stream, to which thoy clung for aomo boura After reaching the ahoro Mr Stowart endeavoured to got assistance Irom tho tlru)8campod at tbo rivor, who at once pro iioudodteMr J Brown, of "'Ihn Cottago,' Yiilgil bin, who, in tho absonco of Mr Ogilvie, kuidl) supplied them with ropes, when they endeavoured to rescue Mr Tupman, by making the same fast round his body, and towing him ashore through the cur- rent, but no sooner had Tupman left go his hold of the bushes than he disappeared, and did not again rise to the surface until washing the tank, when he was completely insensible, and some time elapsed be- fore showing aignB of animation, and it was only after very great perseverance that be was restored, many behoving for some time after ho was landed, that all hope of roBtoring animation was lost, but owing to tho prompt and energetic treatment he at last showed signs of consciousness, and subsequently was per- fectly restored. During all this time, the attention of thoso on shore, had boen bestowed on what was . believed tobo a dying man ; and Mr. R. Davidson left olinging to the bushes in tho contre of tho current, whioh was rising in waves of considerable height, and was in danger of being swept away at any moment ; when Mr. Amos, of the Racecourse, Graf- ton, who was present, volunteered, nt tbe risk of his own life, to swim across to Davidson and maka tho rope fast to him, whioh ho succoeded by great exer- tion in doing, when Davidson was towed ashor«, having been porohed up in the bushes in a most perilous position for several hours. 