"PEEPING TOM" AND HAMLET. TO THE SPORTING EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. "Thou com'st in such a questionable shape." - HAMLET. Sir,- I feel, and feel keenly, that I should have to address you on this occasion. I wrote a letter to a contemporary a fortnight ago in justification of the opinion I held of the colt Hamlet, his late running at Randwick having proved that my estimate of him, as the grandest colt the colony ever produced was correct. The Australasian of last week, however, makes it necessary that I should call attention to a mean and malig- nant paragraph in "Augur's" "Turf Gossip," and a letter signed "Hamlet's Ghost," seemingly emanating from the same pen. I do not intend to bandy words with an individual who would descend to use the columns of your paper to traduce his predecessor in office, and take advantage of a private conversation with yourself-how he got it you best know-and unfairly put it before the public, for the purpose of misrepresenting me. But in answer to your own leading article which appeared the previous week, and where you say "it is only justice to our former contributor to state that he all along believed in Hamlet; has from the earliest appear- ance of the colt on the training-ground expressed his confi- dence in the colt's one day proving himself a great horse. But whilst giving him credit for his judgment, we must at the same time express our surprise at the ignorance which pre- vailed respecting the condition of Hamlet when he ran in the spring." Having seen Hamlet perform in a most unaccount- able manner at Randwick previous to the Melbourne Spring Meeting-one day doing a most extraordinary trial gallop, on another only running third for the Derby behind Javelin and Tho Prophet ; a few days after giving The Prophet 6lb, beat- ing him in a canter, carrying his jockey in his mouth ; then running nowhere for the Metropolitan ; and finally showing his great speed and endurance in the Queen's Guineas-I then thought that Hamlet was a certainty for the Victorian Derby. Mr. Dowling took very good care that no one should see his colt working the interim until he appeared at Flemington, where he ran his trial gallop and pulled up sore, as I publicly stated in your columns. But as Mr. Dowling had apprised his friends thal Hamlet was a stone better horse than he was at Randwick, and as Morrison, who that morning rode him, informed me that he thought he could win, I naturally came to the conclusion, knowing the colt's inherent goodness that he was the best horse in the Derby. Three days before thc memorable Champion Race won by Flying Buck, that colt could not walk out of his stable, he was so stiff and sore. Three days before theequally memorable Champion Race won by The Barb, the demon, after taking his trial gallop was so bad that it was all that his trainer could do to get him back to his box. I could mention many other instances of the same, thing but those are enough. lt takes years of experience to judge of a horse's condition, or his abilities; and having raced and trained my own horses for nearly a quarter of a century, I have long since come to the conclusion that because a good horse may pull up sore, or even lame, one day, it is no reason why he should not run well on another. When you, sir, and "Augur," have served such an apprenticeship,"perhaps you may be able to realize the same strange inconsistencies in a horses running. I have only to say, further, that it was a most unfair breach of confidence to publish that I was the very first to throw Hamlet overboard. I wrote not one word on the subject; but a few days previous to the Randwick Meeting, in a conversa- tion I had with yourself in a private capacity, you informed me that you thought The Prophet would win the St. Leger, as "Orange Blossom" had written so. I answered that " Orange Blossom" was wrong, for both Jav'lin and Hamlet could easily beat him at the weights; when you remarked that Hamlet was an unlikely starter. Now upon this informa- tion I backed Jav'lin to win; but on the day of the race, hearing from a more reliable source that,Hamlet was really going, I saved myself by backing him against Jav'lin ; and one of the principal winners over the meeting, who was about backing The Prophet on the tip of The Australasian, was influenced by Mr. Filgate and myself lo put his money on Hamlet. These are the facts, Sir ; and I could produce other evidence to show the utter unreliableness of other matter in the Ghost's letter, but having treated the public to a perusal of it, I trust that, in common farnaess, you will also publish this answer. \- Yours, &c.;, PEEPING TOM. 