irDY" THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER. S: DY RS. IARRIET LEWIS. OIAPTER XXVIII. ' WIrL we call on Aunt Agnes this even ing ?" inquired Tesss. Dennis replied in the affirmative. " Iesuppose you will be married now soon, Uncle Reuben," said Tessa, with a mis chievous smile. "You have waited for ,Aunt Agnes fourteen years-as long as ,Jacob served for Rachel. Why should you "not be married to- morrow-on Christmas \- Dennia's face flushed warmly, but he did no' answer in words. "Perhaps you intend to be?" smiled Tessa.. "0, you slyboots of a dear old uncle! You mean to surprise me." "fNo, Tessa; no, dear," interposed Dennis, in some agitation. "A year from to-morrow, perhaps, but not sooner." " But why not, uncle ? Mr. Stacy is dead, and the boys are apprenticed to good trades, you said. What obstacle to the marriage can there be now ? " " Why, Tessa, you see," said Dennis, hesitatingly, "Mr. Stacy has only been dead a month now, and Agnes thinks it would not be proper for her to marry under a year. She says a year of mourning is due, as a mark of respect to his memory." "But can't she mourn a year or as long as she pleases for him after she gets mar ried ?" .oried impomtuns little Tessa. '!Now, Uncle Reuben, I am going to give Aunt Agnes a good talking to this very evening, and I shall not let her go until she promises to have the banns put up next Sunday." Dennis's face brightened. He smiled, and laid his sallow, horny hand timidly on the pretty golden head, wondering at his own audacity as he did so. "I wish you would persuade her to an immediate, marriage Tessa," he said. "' Neither of the boys live with her. One of.them,is apprenticed to a baker in the Walworth-road, and the other is apprenticed to a builder down London-bridge way. Both sleep and lodge with their masters, and Agnes lives utterly alone in one room. I know she is lonely and sad most of the time." He sighed, and withdrew his hand from Tessa's head as Mrs. Porter entered with hot toasted muffins, mutton chops, a seed cake, and a few other delicacies that made the holiday supper. When the landlady had withdrawn, Tessa made the tea with airy grace, and took her place as hostess. "This seems like old times, doesn't it Uncle Reuben?" she asked, pouring out the tea. "But about Aunt Agnes-has she any other reasons for postponing the mar riage besides the fanciful one of giving up a year to mourning for her father." Dennis hesitated, but something in the gray, grave eyes opposite him forced him to reply. r.." She has used up all her savings in premiums for her brothers' apprenticeships, and' in burying her father," he said. "She's out of debt and that is all. She has not a penny laid up, and she refuses to come to me as she is. Her clothes are poor and worn, and she insists that she shall have time:-to replenish her wardrobe before she marries. . My poor girl is proud, you see, Tessa, and she says, to use her own expres sion,?..that she won't come to me like a beggar. She doesn't see what her determin ation causes het to suffer. I have pleaded and protested, but all in vain." "And so a suitable wardrobe is all that prevents our proud Agnes from getting married?" said Tessa, lightly, yet with a deep, underlying thoughtfulness. "I think there's another reason, Uncle Reuben. She thinks: that two grown women on your hands would burden you too much, and she wants to give me a chance to get away." The bantering words, .spoken so gaily, wounded Dennis to the quick. '?.Tessa.!:" he exclaimed, reproachfully, ';You.do not know Agnes. She loves you dearly,.and plans to have you with us. I have five hundred pounds laid by, and we mean to take a cheap little cottage out at Islington, or Kentish town, and furnish it ourselves. We have planned how every one of the' six rooms shall be furnished. Your room,., Agnes says, is to be furnished in white dimity, because white is so appro priate fo?.p puresyoung girl's own chamber. A.nd,Agnes has planned the comfort you 'ind'seshe will take in planting roses before / the windows, and the cozy seven o'clock dinners we shall have when I get home from the city." Sudden tears sprang to the grey, grave eyes of the young girl. Her lips quivered, and she laughed softly, with tears in her voice. S"You are too good to me, Uncle Reuben," she' said, simply. "Your home will be very pleasant." "Will it not?" he asked, eagerly, his h;ollow.eyes brightening. "You see, little Tessa, I never had a home-a real home, you know-and I am as eager to have one ai. a child is a new toy. I went out to Kentish-town yesterday, and I saw the prettiest little new house-only six rooms-. to let. It has a little yard in front, and there's a rose-bush and, a laburnum-tree in front of the windows. There's a stone wall along the street, with a door, and a letter box in the door. You never saw a place so charming. The name of the house is pbaint on aboard by the gate--Laburnum Villa. The price is thirty pounds a-year," and he sighed. "We could all be so happy there, Tessa; and if you will help me per suade Agnes to be married now, I'll go out and take the villa to-morrow. It will be the next thing to having a farm." Tessa was rather silent and preoccupied during the remainder of the meal. But when Mrs. Porter had come up and cleared the table, and the two were again alone, Tessa wheeled a couple of chairs to the fire and the pair sat down in the glow of the hearth, and settled into a confidential talk. SOutside, the night was gathering, cold, ind dull, and wintry. Within they baskoed in the warmth of the firelight, and their voices were low, and their faces bright and hopeful with the cheery glow that comes even to the poorest and most sorrowful upon Christmas Eve. "Uncle Reuben," said Teasea, her voice sweeter than any Christmas chimes. "I think I can persuade Aunt Agnes to hasten her marriage with you, if the want of a wardrobe is the principal obstacle. I don't blame her Uncle Reuben. To one who has worked so hard as Aunt Agnes, and who has self-respect and habits of independence, it must be hard to go to a husband so badly clothed as to seem poverty-stricken. But if I were to present her money for a wardrobe -say fifty pounds-she would not refuse to accept it, nor to marry you--would she ?" Dennis looked into the lovely young face, as if he thought Tessa had taken leave of her senses. "You, dear!" he ejaculated. "You give her fifty pounds? I don't understand you I" "I have kept a little secret from you for some time, that's all," said Tessa, blushing and smiling. "You don't think, Uncle Reuben, that the little girl you picked up in Devonshire, and rescued from a life of sor row and ignorance, was going to cling to you like a parasite, and devour your sub stance e? I have never forgotten the debt of love and gratitude I owe you. I can never repay you, Uncle Reuben; but I shall do what I can towards repayment of the money you have spent upon me. As to the years of love and care and kindness you have bestowed upon me, only love can repay you for them. I have determined, Uncle Reuben, to earn a farm and give it to you some day; but in the meantime I will do what I can. I have studied hard under my governesses and masters. I have learned French, German, music, and drawing, with the intention of becoming a governess. You could not think I would come out of school to settle down as a dependent upon you? No, Uncle Reuben,. your first duty is to yourself, to Aunt Agnes, and the young mouths that I hope the Lord will send to your house in good time. But my place is not there ! " "We shall love to have you with us, Tessa. Home would be sweeter with your sweet face in it." " Thank you, Uncle Reuben," answered Tessa, with a smile like sunshine; " but I have an education, and the will to use it. I could not be happy in a life of dependence upon you. I cannot stand in the way of your wife and possible children. It is not right, and I beg you not to urge me. But, to come back to my secret. I have got a hundred pounds of my own, Uncle Reuben, that I earned by painting pictures and sell ing them through one of the painting teachers to a city dealer-a hundred pounds all my own!" and her lovely eyes glowed like lamps under her level brows. "A hundred pounds !" echoed Dennis, in a tone of awe. -The sum represented to him a year's salary, and it seemed impossible that this slight young girl should have earned so large an amount. "Yes, a hundred pounds! " repeated Tessa, in an innocent triumph. "I meant to save it towards paying you back for the money you have spent upon me, but I will give half of it to Aunt Agnes for her mar riage outfit." "I cannot consent to it," said Dennis, in agitation. "I have offered money to Agnes repeatedly. I will send her fifty pounds as an anonymous gift, but this money of yours, Tessa, must be kept as a nest-egg for your self." Tessa shook her little head wilfully. " No, Uncle Reuben," she said ; " I've got my heart set on this, and you don't know how obstinate I am." " Agnes won't accept the money." "Then I'll buy her some goods myself, and have them left at the door ! " exclaimed Tessa, triumphantly. "See what it is to make me desperate, Uncle Reuben. I know Aunt Agnes's quakerish taste, and I'll buy her the prettiest gray silk wedding-dress. We'll get it this evening. I want to see the shops on Christmas eve. You must take me out, Uncle Reuben, to see the shops ! " She was so bright, and gay, and bewitch ing, that poor Dennis not only assented to her plans, but inwardly decided that Agnes Stacy would be a colder-hearted woman than he thought her if she should refuse Tessa anything. "There's one thing more to say, Uncle Reuben," said Tessa, lapsing from gaiety to a yet sweeter gravity. "Miss Lacy has always known that I want to be a governess, and she has got me a situation down in Dor set, in the family of a Mr. Gwynne, where I am to instruct two children-girls. I am to receive a salary of eighty pounds a-year, and am to have many privileges. Mrs. Gwynne's maiden name was Todhetly, and she was at the Misses Lacy's school for some years. She wrote to her old teachers to find her a governess, and they selected me. It is all settled, and I am to go immediately after New Year's-day." Dennis was too sensible to regret a step so manifestly for Tessa's good. He believed that she would have light duties, refined companionship, and a more elegant style of living than he could afford; and the salary she was to receive, being so nearly as large as his own, profoundly impressed him. He congratulated her on her brilliant prospects, sighing as he did so, for he loved her with a fatherly sort of tenderness. " You will need to dress well among those grand people, Tessa," he said. "They will expect it. Keep your hundred pounds for your own use, dear." "No, Uncle Reuben. I'll borrow fifty of it to fit up my wardrobe," answered Tessa, " but the remaining fifty shall go to Aunt Agnes. You can't refuse me? My own shopping can be done after Christmas, but the other must be done now. Come, uncle; we have to go to the Old Kent Road with our purchases, you know. Don't look so sober, dear. You forget what a rich lady I am going to be, with my eighty pounds a year! " She tied on her hat and jacket, and they made their way into the blustering night, moving with the crowd towards the gay shops, themselves as gay and light-hearted as children. To both it seemed that Tessa's future was assured, and that they could afford to re joice. But had the veil that hid from them the near future been lifted, and had they known the connection between the Todhet leys and Digby Holm, their joy would have been turned into grief and horror. OIIAPTER XXIX. Moving onward with a crowd of people who were hastening in the direction of the gaily-lit shops, Teasa Heolm and tReuben Dennis walked briskly along the New Kent Road, approaching the famous Elephant and Oastle, the halting-place of a number of omnibus lines. Opposite the Elephant and Castle, at the corner of the New Kent Road and Newing ton-butts, with a broad front in each, stands Sthe finest drapery establishment of that dingy region-a shop which seems to have beo longed to tile West-end originally, and to have boon picked up by some powerful genii and dropped in this humble quarter for the purpose of tantalizing the inhabitants. A crowd of ill- dressed, hard-working men and women were standing before its plate. glass windows on this wild Christmas eve, staring with wide eyes in upon shimmering silks and filmy laces, dainty baby garments, and shawls marked with prices that seemed to them simply fabulous. The pale city clerk, with the high-bred, beautiful girl, in her simple but stylish grey garments, paused before one of the windows, in the rear of the crowd, and looked also upon the gay display. A few stars glim mered in the night sky, but the air was cold and keen, and blew about the exposed corner with a force that soon compelled Tossa and Dennis to abandon their position. " Lot us go into the shop, Uncle Reuben," said the girl, leaning upon his arm. Dennis assented, although with reluct ance, and the pair made their way into the establishment, and to a silk-counter. Tessa's Christmas purchases for Agnes Stacy were soon under full consideration. The girl's bright face, so spirited and piquant, and lit with the glow of her warm, true heart, was a study, as she gravely con templated the rival merits of blue-grey and dove-grey for the wedding-gown of Dennis's intended bride. No purchase for herself could have interested Tessa half so much, and Donnis watched her with an affectionate smile, and thought, with a deep sense of thankfulness at his heart, of the bible pro. mise to him who casts his bread upon the waters. The dove-grey silk, soft and pure and sor viceable, won the day, and was bought and paid for, with some real black lace to trim it. The precious parcel was given to Dennis to carry. Then Tessa. led him a tour of the various counters, buying a roll of long-cloth at one, a roll of linen at another, a dress of sea-green merino, another of black silk of a thick, fine texture, another of warm brown woollen cloth, and a Paisley shawl, such as had been the secret ambition of hard-work ing Agnes Stacy for many years. A few other presents were added to these, and the shop being crowded, and the services of a shop-porter unobtainable, Dennis went out and found a baker's boy with an empty hand-cart. Boy and cart were chartered for the occasion for a shilling, Tessa's purchases were placed in the small vehicle, and the little party set out together towards the Old Kent Road. Agnes Stacy retained but one room of her old lodgings. On being admitted into the house, Tessa ascended the stairs alone, leaving Dennis to follow with his parcels, and knocked softly at the front room on the third floor. Agnes Stacy's low voice bade her enter. She opened the door and went in. Agnes eat alone by a meagre fire, a small work table upholding a lamp at her right hand. She was sewing steadily, her face pale and weary and worn. All over England upon that night the gay holiday look and feeling prevailed ; but none of either had penetrated to the lonely spinster's room. Evidently Agnes Stacy was not expecting a merry Christmas, and looked for no change in her bleak, dull, waiting life. She did not recognize her high-bred, aris tocratic graceful young visitor, and dropped her work, and arose, bowing courteously, and offering a chair, thinking Tessa a pos sible customer.. But the girl came straight 'towards her with both hands outstretched, and her big grey eyes glowing with joy and affection. "Agnes Aunt Agnes " said the sweet young voice in loving reproach. "Surely you have not utterly forgotten little Tessa ? " " Tessa P Reuben's little Tessa ? It is not possible! " cried the seamstress, catching the girl's hands in hers, and making a move ment to embrace her. "How 'you have changed !" She was a little awed at Tessa's beauty and noble air, and shrank back in apparent astonishment at her own audacity; but loyal-hearted little Tessa embraced her ten derly, and showed such delight at seeing her that Miss Staoy's heart warmed towards her with a rare and joyous glow. "You have come to me like a sunshine, Tessa," she exclaimed. "It seems like a June day, with you here so bright and beautiful." " If it can bring sunshine to you at Christmas," said Tessa, smiling, "you should be willing to do me a favour, Aunt Agnes. It is to accept a little Christmas gift from me, which Uncle Reuben is bring ing up the stairs." Before the young girl could say more, a knock sounded on the door, and Miss Stacy, surprised and bewildered, gave admittance to her grey-haired lover, who came stagger ing in under a load of parcels and bundles of every size. "This ' n little Christmas gift ! ' " ejacu lated Miss Stacy. " This from you, Tessa ? " "From me, aunty," said Tessa brightly. " Sit down in your chair there. I want to be mistress of ceremonies, Miss Staoy, if you please. I want to make you very good humoured indeed, so that you will grant a request I'm going to make of you." She turned up the lamplight to a mellow radiance. Dennis, pleased and expectant, deposited his parcels in the centre of the floor. Miss Stacy sat down also, and folded her hands on her lap, full of wonder and ex pectancy. Tessa took the parcel containing the wed ding-gown, opened it, and flung the silk in gray, shimmering folds over the lap of the seamstress. " What does this mean ? " demanded Miss Staoy, in agitation. "It is-not from Reuben ? " "No, indeed, Aunt Agnes," answered Tessa, gaily. "I earned it my own self You remember I had a talent for painting. I have painted several pictures-I am as in dustrious as a bee-and have earned a hun dred pounds. Only think of it! A hundred pounds! And half of this I want to give you for your wedding outfit. You must not refuse me, for dear Uncle Reubon's sake. This is your wedding-gown, you dear old aunty, and these other parcels are for your outfit. And here is the rest of the money." Eager and almost breathless, Tossa emptied into Miss Stacy's lap a little hand ful of bank- notes, gold, and silver, amount ing in all to some twenty pounds. The seamstress sat stupified. Tessa unfolded the Paisloy shawl, and flung its soft folds about the angular shoul ders of Miss Stacy. The spinster looked from one to the other of her visitors with a dazed expression. The whole scene seemed to her like one of those bright day-dreams with which, in her younger days, she had been wont to beguile her hours of weary toil. "I don't know which is the most wonder ful," she said in a tremulous voice, " that you should have earned a hundred pounds, or that you should have spent fifty upon moe. I cannot accept your generous gifts, my dear child--" " But you'll have to !" interposed Tesea. They won't take the things back at Tarn's. Beoside, Aunt Agneso," and the girl sank gracefully down on a little wooden stool at the foot of the somstress, " you would not want to refuse me a favour, just as I am going to leave you all. I have obtained a situation as governess down in Dorset, at a salary of eighty pounds a year. I am to go in a fortnight or three weeks; but before I go, I want to attend your wedding. I can't leave Uncle Reuben alone, you know. And there's the dearest little villa to let at Ken tish Town, and uncle is going, after to morrow, to rent it. And hero is your out fit; so you have no possible excuse for de laying the marriage. Uncle Reuben has waited fourteen years. Surely that has been enough to prove his faithfulness. Shall the banns be asked in the church next Sun day? " "Say yes, Agnes," said Miss Staoy's elderly lover, with an earnestness that touched the spinster's heart. " Little Tessa is right. Why should we wait another year ? A twelvemonth is a great deal to us at our time of life. I cannot bear to leave you here alone. Let little Tessa attend our marriage before she goes out into the world." The pleadings of her lover, rind of bright, wilful Tessa combined, completely subju gated Miss Stacy's stubborn heart. She yielded to their joint attack, sobbing aloud in her joy and gratitude to the lovely girl, and embracing her with a motherly tender ness and affection. " There are other things to buy," said Tessa; "collars, ribbons, and gloves; but those can be bought cheaper after the holi days. I have an outfit to prepare for my self, for my governess life, Aunt Agnes, and the next three weeks will be busy ones to us both." The event proved her words. The next day being Christmas, all busi ness was deferred, and Miss Stacy spent the day at Tessa's lodgings, and remained to dinner. In the evening the three strolled out, and likewise indulged in the extrava gance of an omnibus ride to the other side of the river and to the West-end. A walk along Regent-street completed the dissipa tion of the evening. Two days after Christmas Tessa trans acted her modest shopping, and upon that day, also, Reuben Dennis went oult' to Ken tish Town, and hired Laburnum Villa, re turning home with an air of proprietorship that was vastly amusing. " Itis the next thing to owning a farm," he said, enthusiastically, that evening, as he sat near his betrothed and her young pro tigde, in the lodgings of the former, where Miss Stacy and Teesa were both busy at work with their needles. "We will have rose-trees and flowers, and a patch of garden in the rear. Please heaven, some day I'll have a farm, Agnes, and then there won't be a happier pair in all England than you and I." "I intend to buy you that farm, Uncle Reuben," said Tessa, gravely. " I have cal culated just how many yoars it will take me to earn it." / Miss Stacy smiled. "We will take the will for tbh deed, Tesso," she said. "J mean literally the will for the deed ! You hav'n't a, particle of vanity, so I may as well, telkyou what you seem to be ignorant bf,'but'what you will be told often enough 'hereafter-that you are beautiful. A girl wij) your face, your grace, your refinements and accomplishments will be sure to be surrounded with admirers, even if she is poor. I predict you will be married within a year." " Aunt Agnes----" " It seems impossible now, I dare say, my dear, but I shall turn out a true prophet. And if you should marry well, little Tessa, Reuben and I would be better pleased than to have all England for a farm." "Indeed we would," said the thin, pale clerk, with hearty warmth. "I should like to see you married, little Tessa.o I should not like you to live the lonely life Agnes and I have known. Of course you have lived a sort of nun's life at Olapham; but, perhaps, in Dorset you may meet with some hand some country squire who will be proud to make you mistress of his fine house." Teossa's pure cheeks flushed a little, but the calm light in her soft grey eyes did not change. Evidently she had never known a love-dream, and was as innocent of love fancies as any little child. " I shall never marry," she said, quietly, yet with a grave shadow upon her broad white brows. "I have made up my mind to a single life. I shall be a governess for some years, if I live, and lay up my money; and one of these days, years from now, when I shall have grown prim, and proper, and staid, and wear a false front, and have forgotten my trick of smiling when I am pleased, and laughing when I am happy, I shall go down to Brighton, or some other sea- side place, take a house, and open a young ladies' school." "You think so now, my gay little Tesea," said Miss Stacy, with a loving glance at the little drooping golden head. "But you'll change your mind in time, as it's right you should. A disposition so sunshiny as yours ought to make some special home bright and joyous." "I would not marry any but an educated man," said Tessa, thoughtfully. "No matter how poor he might be, or how lowly born, if he were only honest, true-hearted, intelligent, and a gentleman. I mean a gentleman in the good old sense, Aunt Agnes -a gentleman. And such a man would not be likely to want me." "And why not? " demanded bothDennis and Miss Stacy, in a breath. " Becauseo-because," and the pure, proud face became suddenly stained with a vivid scarlet flush, and the deep grey eyes dark ened to blackness with sudden feeling, "gontlemen think a great deal of birth and family. And I don't even know whom I am ! Uncle Reuben rescued me from a life of sorrow, neglect, and utter ignorance. I only know that Mrs. Kiggse-Granny Kiggs, I used to call her-was no relative of mine. But that I can claim any better parentage I doubt." Dennis and Miss Stacy exchanged glances of sympathy. They had often talked togs. thor of the mystery surrounding Tossa'e young lifo, but had failed to come to any definito conclusion concerning her parentage. TIhat there was disgrace associated with it they had long since decided in their own minds; but neither could toll their convic tions to the girl herself. "I would never become the wife of any man while ignorant of my own history," continued Tessa, in a low voice, as if speak ing to herself. " I could not tell what sort of people might some day claim relationship with me. I could not tell but that at any time some terrible shadow of disgrace might fall upon me and the man I had married. I might be the offspring of thieves, of-of-" her voice choked. Presently she resumed, tromulously "And yet I can remember, as of a dream of long ago, a beautiful face bonding over me-the face, as it seems to me now, of a lovely young girl, with eyes like night, and a voice as sweet and tender as the cooing of a bird. And it seems to me as though that young girl were my mother. But it must have been a dream, and only a dream," and Teessa sighed. "No shadow of disgrace could ever have darkened that face. But, dream though it may be, I love to think of that young girl, and to call her-only in my wild fancies, you know-by the name of mother!" Donnis's eyes filled with tears. The girl's pathos stirred his inmost soul. 1Mlies Stacy's eyes also moistened, and she would have spoken, but that she could not control her voice. "Perhaps that young girl was your mo ther ? " suggested the clerk. Tessa shook her head sorrowfully, and there was a dreary look on her piquant face that seemed strangely out of place. "Ah, no, Uncle Reuben," she said, sigh ing. "It is only a dream, but it is a dream that will haunt me till I die. -I must have seon such a young girl once, I think, for from my earliest childhood I thought of that face with tears every night before I slept. Many a night, at Granny IKiggs's, I cried myself to sleep with a longing to behold that beautiful face glowing with love and tenderness. I wonder if I will ever see that face again." " Would you know it, do you think, little Tessa ?" asked Dennis, gently. "I do not know. The years may have changed it, or the lovely face may have been but a fancy, which my mind has dwelt upon so long and so often as to cause to seem real; but with the doubt and the mystery that attends my birth hanging over me like c cloud, I shall never-to return to the sub ject of marriage-become the wife of any man." She changed the subject abruptly as she concluded, by asking some questions about her work, and the discussion was not re sumed. The two or three weeks that followed were busy ones to both Tessa and Miss Stacy. The girl's modest wardrobe was made ready by her own skilful fingers, and the soeams tress made swift progress upon her own quiet trousseau. By the 13th of January, the bride and the young governess were alike ready for their very different routes in life. Upon the 15th, Tessa was to proceed to her situation in Dorset, and, therefore, upon the 14th the marriage of Reuben Den nis and Agnes Stacy took place. It was a very quiet marriage, as became their rank in life and their humble pros pects; but two happier persons probably never stood before the altar of Surrey chapel and plighted their vows. Dennis wore a black frock coat, white waistcoat, and grey gloves. The bride looked her best, as brides should, and seemed quite young and fresh in her trailing grey silk, with a tulle veil thrown lightly over her grey silk bonnet. Tessa was bridesmaid, and wore grey silk also, brightened by a blue ribbon sash-a dress which was expected to serve as her best in Dorset. Dennis had obtained leave of absence from his duties for the day. There was no bridal tour, althougd the clerk longed in his heart to make a trip to the Crystal Palace to which place most middle-class London bridal pairs resort on their wedding-day, in a sort of mild and cheap dissipation. But the strong good sense of Agnes prevailed, and the bridal party set out in a cab for Laburnum Villa, at Kentish Town, whither the luggage of the trio had preceded them. The drive was so long that it quite served in place of the orthodox tour. The little villa was thoroughly furnished and ready for occupancy-thanks to Teosa's activity for the past three days, which she had spent for the most part at Kentish Town, actively superintending the work of a vigorous charwoman and a small maid-of-all-work. The garden-gate was open and the small trim maid stood by it as the cabs rolled up, and the passengers alighted. Dennis led his bride up the bare gravel walk inclosed with box, with the air of a conqueror, and Tessa walked after them, followed in turn by the other wedding guests-Agnes' two brothers, Mrs. Porter and her daughter from the New Kent-road, the late fellow-lodgers of the late Miss Stacy, and one or two others. The little box of a house was bright with fresh paint and much scouring. Fires were lighted in the parlours and basement dining-room, with an extravagance border ing upon recklessness. Tessa had fur nished the house after her own design, at Donnis's request; and though the furniture was simple and plain, it had been selected and arranged with the taste of an artist, and gave an air of actual elegance to the small, snug rooms. Mrs. Dennis and her guests laid aside their out-of-door wrappings, and gathered about the fires. When they were well warmed, they made a tour of the little house, expressing delight at the artistic ar rangement of the rooms. When justice had been done to Tessa's exquisite taste, the bridal party adjourned in a body, headed by bride and groom, to the cozy front basement dining-room, where a breakfast feast had been spread that was more than worthy of the occasion, and which had boon furnished at a certain sum per head by an enterpris ing confectioner of the immediate neigh bourhood. The afternoon was growing late when the wedding guests, all except Tessa, departed to their homes. Agnes changed her grey silk dress for the green merino, carefully ex tinguiehing the dining-room and back par lour fires with housewifely thrift, and lighted the gas in the front parlour. Here the three gathered to spend the evening. A chamber on the second floor, furnished with a pretty ingrain carpet of blue flowers on a buff ground, a set of furniture painted buff, and white frilled curtains, had been assigned to Tessa as her own. She slept there that night. She awakened early on the following morning, and descended to a broakfast by gas-light, as Dennis was re quired to be at the warehouse at an early hour. After breakfast the trio went up to the little back parlour which was to serve as Agnos's sitting room. Tessa's single trunk stood in the hall, and the girl wore her travelling suit, ready for departure. " Tessa," said Dennis, in a voice full of emotion, as he took her hand, "you have been a blessing to me from the hour I met you. My blessing go with you to your new home. And remember, Tessa, that our Iouse is always open to you, and that Agnes and I will always welcome you back to us. We love you, dear, and wish that we could keep you always with us. My mind some how misgives me at the last about your going out thus into the world. Promise me, Tessa, if you should find your new home disagreeable, that you will come back to us without delay." "I promise, Uncle Reuben," said Tessa. "I wish I could go to the station with you, Tessa, but business is business, you know. Agnes will go in my place. I do not like to send you on your journey alone; but no one will harm you. Beware of strangers, dear. Remember that a kind manner sometimes covers a bad intention. Don't forget to come back, if all is not right down in Dorset. And now, my dear child, good-by !" He gathered her near to him, and kissed her forehead tenderly and reverently. Then he kissed his wife lovingly, and went out, going to the city by omnibus. Agnes reiterated her husband's injunctions to Tossa to return to Laburnum-villa in case her situation should not be found agreeable. The good woman loved Tessa as one loves something brighter and fairer, something above one's self-with a sort of awe ming ling with her affection. She was very loth to send her forth to earn her own support, and began to express a misgiving whether all had been done for the best. At nine o'clock a cab, for which the smail, trim maid had been sent, appeared at the garden-gate, and Tessa's luggage was placed upon It, and Tessa entered the cab in the wake of kindly Mre. Dennis. They wero driven to the railway- station, and Mrs. Dennis purchased Teossa's ticket, and saw the young girl comfortably seated in a first class carriage, with her travelling bag and cug and Bradshaw's Guido around her. And then she moved away, moving along the crowded platform, thinking, uneasily "I am sorry to lot her go. I fool a ter rible misgiving. It seems to me that she is going straight into some awful peril. Can it be a warning to me? I am half deter mined to recall the child, and take her home with me." She tried to make her way back to the bench on which Tessa was seated, but had not been a half-dozen stops when the shrill whistle of the locomotive pierced her ears, and the train moved out of the station. Mrs. Dennis was too late. Whatever fato was before young Tessa Holm, the girl had gone to meet it ! CHAPTER XXX. The Christmas-day which was so full of quiniet enjoyment for Tessa IHolm and her bumble friends at Tessa's lodgings in the New Kent Road, was an eventful day in the history of the beaut:ful Marchioness of Thorn hurst. As the reader knows, her ladyship left London upon the morning of the day before Christmas. Colonel Rodruth's advertisement for the lost Georgia Holm, our gay, bright little Tessa, had appeared in the Times of the previous day, and no answer had yet beohnre ceived to it. The colonel lingered in London to repeat the advertisement and to extend his re searohes, while the marchioness, constrained by a sense of duty and hospitality, journeyed back to Yorkshire to unact her part as hostess to an invited Christmas dinner-party. lier heart was very heavy, as we have said, upon this return journey. The attempted treachery and imposition of Iolm had been a great shock to her. She experienced a foreboding that Lord Thornhurst had soon Colonel Redrnth's ad vertisamont for the stolen child, and that he would connect that advertisement with her journey to London, and accuse her of 'deceit and undue reticence. She feared also, with a keener, sharper pang, that all her father's efforts to find the missing Georgia would utterly fail of suc cess. We may as well state here, having omitted to do so elsewhere, that the advertisements of both Captain Holm and Colonel Redruth Iad utterly escaped the eyes of any person interested in Tessa, or cognizant of her his tory. After her father's death, Agnes Staoy had given up all daily journals as a needless piece of extravagance. Reuben Denois, anxious to lay up money in every way to wards his expected marriage, and willing to economize in his personal expenses to the uttermost farthing that he might have the more to spend upon Tessa, and upon Agnes thereafter, had also given up his daily paper, obtaining a knowledge of the current news of the day from the bills or placards in the shops and streets. And we may also explain that, had Dennis or Agnes seen the colonel's notice, they would not have recognised in" Georgia" Helm their lovely little Tessa. Lady Thornhurst arrived at Cottingham about the middle of the short December afternoon. As she stepped out upon the plat form of the station, she was met by Lord Thornohurst, whose noble Saxon face towered high above the surrounding group of waiting passengers. He gave her his arm, his blue eyes glowing with delight, and his fair face flushing like the face of a lover. Leaning upon him, the marchioness was conducted to their waiting carriage. The marquis handed hier in, followed after her, the powdered foot man closed the door, the horses started, and they were on their way over the pleasant, wind.swept Yorkshire roads towards Thorn burst. The wife sank wearily back on the soft cushions, and Lord Thornhurst took her. hands in his, his face expressing anxious con cern. " Y-ou look utterly exhlnusted, ignatia," he said. " I fear you are going to be ill." "OI no," answered Lady Thornhurst, trying to smile. "I am only tired, Antony. I shall be well enough after a night's rest." "I'm afraid you exerted yourself too much upon this shopping expedition," said the mar quis, tenderly. "I do not like to see you look so pale. Thbo weather has been had since you went, and if it were bad here, what must it have been in London ? You will not be well enough to preside at dinner tomor row ? I think I had better countermand the invitations." " By no means, Antony. I am not ill, only tired. I insist upon entertaining your guests. My duties will not he tiresome, as it is only a gentleman's dinner-party, you know. I suppose the housekeeper bhas done as well in my absence as if I were hero-I moan in her preparations for to-morrow ? " "01 yes. She used to superintend my bachelor parties in old times. Sihe has done her best to your absence, hoping to surprise and please you. The Christmas decorations are finished, and the crystallized fruits.and Christmas cake you sent from town arrived safely yesterday. The pines and oranges from our own hot-houses are fully ripe, and in profusion. The boys are wild with joyful excitement, and I could hardly persuade them to remain at home when I came to meet you. I believe that we shall have a ' merry Christ mas,' my wife," added the marquis, softly. Lady Thornhurst sighed. There was no mirth in her heart-only a deep and terrible dread of her husband's anger when he should hear the confession she had resolved to make to him. "But I won't tell him to-tight," she thought, looking with shrinking, sorrowful eyes from the carriage window upon the bleak winter landscape. " ie is so full of joyous anticipations, I cannot toll him to-night. Tomorrow? no, not to-morrow; to-morrow will be Christmas-day, and he will need to be in good spirits to preside at his dinner party; but the day after to-morrow I will tell him all the truth, and hold nothing back. Then, if he casts me from him, I will creep away and die.'" Lord Thornhurst pressed her hand tenderly. He attributed her strange and shrinking silence to bodily weariness, and with his un ,occupied hand he drew her nearer to him, so that her head lay upon his shoulder. "Christmas would not have been Christ imas had you remained in town, my own wife," he said, in his rich, caressing voice, his tones thrilling the wounded, dreading heart throbbing heavily against his hand. "But as you are so pale and weak, why did your father allow you to come alone ? I expected Colonel Redruth would dine with us.. With out him, we shall have but nine invited guests." ".Father had business in town, and I am quite able to travel alone. I had not even needed a maid, although you almost insisted that I should take Martha to town with me." " Cannot Colonel Redruth allow business to wait: upon pleasure in the holiday season I " inquired Lord Thornhurat. " Business at Christmas time ? That seems too much like transacting business upon Sunday.. By-the. by, I saw an odd notice in the Times-second column-yesterday. It was merely nastriking coincidence of names. I must show it to you. What was the name of your girl baby who died in her infancy? " Lady Thornhurst's heart gave a great leap against his lordship's hand. She withdrew from his embrace as if stifled by it, and gasped for air. 1 " Good heavens ? you are really, ill," cried the marquis, in alarm. ,She did not answer, but pressed her fore head against the cold window-glass. " It is nothing," she said, presently, in a half-ohoked voice; "a sudden spasm, that was all." SThe marquis was silent. She looked at him. He was regarding her gloomily, with glances of distrustfulness that bordered on suspicion. "It was what I said to you, Ignatia," he said, in an altered voice, " that made you start. I felt your heart give a frightened bound. There issomething more than a coin cidence of names in that notice. Did you put it into the Times?" Lady Thornhurst shook her head. " Colonel Redruth did ?" "Yes-he did," was the slow, painfully spoken answer. Lord Thornhurst's face changed in its hue. The gloomy look deepened in his bold blue eyes. "Who was this lost child-this Georgia Holm-for whom the colonel advertised? " he asked. " Was she your daughter? " The marchioness assented by a movement of her head. "But you told me she was dead ? " "I thought she was," was the answer. " I was led to believe that she died." "Why has there been any mystery about her?"' demanded the marquis, his face and voice growing stern. " Why have you never told me that she was stolen from you? How have you discovered that she lives? Who stole her ? And for what object?" ." It is a long story, Antony, and I am tired," said Lady Thornhurst, wearily. "I have not told you because the story has been very painful to me, and I supposed my child to be: dead..Do not question me now. I will tell you all when I shall have rested." The marquis was dissatisfied, and hiis face showed it; but he would not press his in quiries while his wife was so fatigued. "Very well," he said, after a brief silence, speaking cheerfully. "I cannot understand this mystery-for that there is some mystery in this matter is plain to me. I cannot understand either why you should have pre served from me a secret during all the nine years of our married life. I have had no secrets from you, and I supposed your heart was fully known to me. But I trust you, Ignatia; you will explain the matter to me in good time." "To-morrow night, after the dinner-party, or the next day," she answered, gratefully. "Trust me, Antony, until then. I have never wilfully deceived you, and the only secret I have kept from you will be soon revealed." The marquis forced himself to be content. "Did the advertisement meet with sue cees?" he asked. "Did you find your daughter ?" "No. She may be dead, as I formerly believed. I had a suspicion only that she lived; not an absolute certainty." \- The marquis lapsed into silence. The mystery of the appearance of Holm at Thorn burst, as related to him by the gardener, came book to his mind. The mystery of Lady rhornhurst's singular agitation, illness, and late outdoor walk upon the same night, re curred to him. An atmosphere of mysteries seemed to surround him, and in spite of his resolve to trust his wife, he became gloomy, suspicious, and troubled. The drive to Thornburst seemed to both interminable. Both experienced a sense of relief as they bowled in between the open lodge gates, and went swiftly up the long avenue tqwards the mansion. A rough wind was blowing in from the sea. The sky was dull, and the trees lining the avenue and arch ing overhead were stripped of their leaves. There was frost in the air, and winter in its bleakest, dreariest aspect reigned dully over land and wild grey seon. But on alighting at the great porch and entering the house, a different atmosphere awaited them. In two great massive fire. places along the side of the hall fires were glowing brightly. The hall was spanned with green arches, whose spicy pine odour filled the air. The drawing-room was un decorated ; but the long parlours were fee tooned with wreaths and sprays of polished green, among which the red holly-berries glistened like sparks of fire. The dining. room also, as the housekeeper, who was await ing the return of her ladyship in the hall, informed Lady Thornhurst, was a miracle of beauty in its Christmas suit of feathery green. The noble little sons of the marchioness were waiting for her just within the door. She embreaced them both, complimented the housekeeper and butler on their taste in decorations, and went up to her own rooms. She appeared at dinner, but soon after retired to her rooms again for the night. The mar quis did not follow her, passing the evening alone in his library, and the husband and wife did not meet again until morning. That both felt the coldness and estrange ment that had arisen betweoon them was very evident when they met; but neither alluded to it. The marquis was proud and jealous, and Lady Thornhurst dared not con fess her story to him until the dinner-party should be over and the guests departed. The marchioness spent the day in her own room and in the nursery of her boys. Her husband tookl care not to intrude upon her. They met again at luncheon, when Lord Thornthurst coldly expressed his pleasure at the recovery of her ladyship, who was indeed looking unusually well, excitement having brought a faint pink flush to her chooks and a glorious lustre to her dusky eyes. The dinner-hour was eight o'clock. The guests were nearly all neighbouring gentle men with whom Lord Thornhurst had been more or less intimate in his long-ago bachse lor days, and included two or three gentle men from town who were visiting in the neighbourhood. Lady Thornhurst came down the grand drawing-room some minutes before the arrival of the earliest of the guests. The marquis was pacing the room impatiently, but halted and looked at her admiringly as she swept into his presence. Their estrange mont was forgotten for the moment, as he gazed upon the full splendour of her tropical beauty. She had never looked more noble, more grand, more queenly, than upon this Christmas evening. She wore a dress of moire antiqeo, with a sweeping train, and of a rare amber colour, by contrast with which her clear, dark skin, her blue-black hair shining like satin, and her magnificent eyes like the midnight, appeared more superb and glowing. Diamonds sparkled in her hair, upon her round throat, and on her arms and hands. Lord Thornburst approached his wife, and the two were in conversation when the first carriage arrived, bringing Admiral Sir Henry Harcourt and Lady Harcourt his wife, an intimate friend of Lady Thornhurst, and a near neighbour. She was-to be the only lady present besides the beautiful hostess. The remaining guests came punctually, and at eight o'clock the company went out to the stately and beautifully-decorated dining-room. The Christmas dinner was fairly inaugurated, and the long and lofty room soon resounded with jest and mirth, such as was appropriate to the season and the occasion. The several courses had been discussed, and the dessert of pines and forced fruits of various sorts, ices, and other delicacies, were placed upon the table. The servants had been dismissed, and the guests lingered over the dessert, exchanging passages of wit, and relating anecdotes, discussing old times and old friends, and enjoying that "feast of reason and flow of soul " supposed to belong to a well-arranged dinner party. Suddenly, in a little lull that fell in the general conversation, when a pin migh? bave been heard drop, as the saying i~, M~r Hastings, a beardless young baraist.e from London, and nephew and heir apparen? t Admiral Harcourt, said, in his shri , ple.o sant voice, leaning forward, and kofring down at the foot of the table "Sir Morgan Trethyr ha. doine wD?l f?. himself, Lord Thornhurst. He w?at: .ari?d at St. George's, IHanover-square, lan Thars day. Lady Trethyr will be the aen.s4aia of the season, I predict. The court papers were full of her beauty, dress, style, and diamonds. As the beantiful Mrs. Falconer, she was the rage some years since, before her divorce. And, by-the-by, her divorcne made her more the rage than ever. I know three fellows in our club who actually pro posed marriage to her, under the conviction that she was celebrated." The Marquis of Thornhurst's brows darkened. "I am not on exactly friendly terms with Lady Trothyr," he said, rather striffly. "I do not approve of divorces." A tall epergne of flowers screened Lord Thornhuret's face from Mr. Hastings, and the latter did not see that he had touched upon a tender subject. He laughed gaily as he said "And you do not approve of divorced women, I dare say ?" "I do not, sir," said Lord Thornhurst, coldly. Mr. Hastings laughed again, in utter ignorance that he was standing upon the blink of a volcano. The other guests were slent. The admiral, who knew Lord Thorn hurst intimately, motioned to his nephew to drop the subject, but Mr. Hastings, in utter innocence and heedlessness, took the fatal plunge. "Ah, my lord," he'laughed, "you are* more chivalrous than you would have us believe. One cannot pay a higher compli mont to a lady than to make her one's wife, and thus vow one's self to the world her champion for over. Am I not right in be lieving Lady Thornhurst to be the noble and injured lady who was petitioner in the suit of Holm v. Holm ?" A silence like that of the dead succeeded. Lady Thorohurst bowed her head, as if to the coming storm. The guests, knowing their host better than young Hastings, were speechless with awe and terror. But suddenly the silence was broken. Lord Thornhurst leaped to his feet, his eyes aflame, his face aglow, his mien terrific. Young Hastings shrank back in his seat, pale as a ghost. " You say that my wife was a divorced woman?" cri?d the marquis, in a voice of ringing injury. "You have maligned a most noble woman, and I cast back the lie in your teeth !" (To be continued.) 