SPIRITUALISM. The following appears to us worthy of a place in our columns. It was written, says Catholic Opinion, by a Catholic lady in reply to a friend who had endeavoured to induce her to study the phenomena of spiritualism:— My dear , I thank you much for the kind interest you take in me, but it is only right that I should tell you at once that I have no wish to read or hear anything either for or against spiritualism. It has no attractions for some, as it has, you say, for you ; but it never can have any for me, or any Catholic. It is one of the "opinions" or ideas " of the day, of which there are, as you know, hundreds—perhaps thousands— that have their followers, all of whom have, if they are as sincere as you are, a great deal to say for their own particular one. I will tell you why no Catholic can entertain for a moment the thoughts you have about spiritualism. The Catholic believes that God sent His own Divine only Son into the world to save it. That Son established a Priesthood and a Church, and gave them a Religion, which shall endure on earth as long as earth endures. What you and hundreds of others are ever seeking and never find, God has found us, and hence we have no doubt that Christ our Lord is ever with us, and that the Holy Ghost leads' our teachers (who are not chosen by us but appointed over us under Christ's Vicar), and us through them, into all truth necessary for our salvation. So far from requiring any means or agencies beyond those of the Church of God, we feel that it would be an insult to Him—to the riches of His bounty towards us, if we were for an instant to think of them. A Catholic has no need of men's opinions to aid him. He only believes what theChurch—God's instrument—teacheshim. If he only walks and works as he is taught by the Church, he is sure of salvation. And he feels conscious that if he doesnot do so, there is no other light that can be of any use to him. On this subject, therefore, I thank God I have neither the will nor the want which would lead me to inquire into spiritualism. If it is of God, it will bring people to God's Church, Ol-, God'B ^^'BMmMtjl priests, Ctnri'B God^s Sacraments—to trt the one Faith of the apostles, of the martyrs^ of the faithful of all ages and all lands. It will bring them to adore Jesus Christ the Son of God as Ood; to honour Bis Blessed Mother, and all who have a place among His saints in heaven. If it is not of God, it will try to draw people farther from God's Church, or to stop the way into it. I hopeyon will believe I only write this lest my silence should offend you. It is not my business to teach you or any one ; though I feel it is my duty—in this case a duty of friendship towards yoa—to prevent you thinking I could allow any persons outside the Church of God to entertain, the thought that I could make them my religious teachers. IT will be seen from an advertisementwhich appears in another column that thesum of £902 was realised by the bazaar lately held in aid of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage. This amount is not so large as that derived from the bazaar held the previous year in aid of that valuable institution, but the numerous claims made about the same time upon the benevolence of the public accounts for that fact. It will be seen that the good Sisters of Mercy by whom the Orphanage is conducted warmly express their gratitude to all who contributed to the success of the bazaar in any torm. 