CHRISTMAS EVE IN THE BUSH. TOLD BY THE CAMP FIRE. About this time last year a party travelling in the bush halted on a tributary of the Campaspe running through Winter's station. We were coming down the country from the far north with cattle, and we had camped for the Christmas Eve in a patch of colonial timber and undergrowth close to which the waters ran in their narrow bed, gurgling on to the silent river beyond. When we lit our fire there were four of us only who sat by it when the time was called for supper. These were the gaffer, who was coming down to Melbourne to transact some business, which he had neglected, as he said, for some time. The gaffer was a fine looking man of his inches, but he was by no means a merry man. His face always wore the trace of some sorrow which he did not care to wear upon his sleeve for daws to peck at. His companion was a young man he had picked up somewhere in the far north ; a man who had been everything by turns and nothing long. A very smart- looking fellow though, and one who, at rough and tumble, would have played a good part. He was lean, wiry, and, at the same time, had enough of manliness about his appear- ance to make him an interesting subject for a photographer. How we lit our fire, and amoked by it till we were all weary I shall long remember, but by- and-by we were joined by two others. One was evidently a man who had spent his life at playing ducks and drakes with that fickle jade Fortune, and in the end Fortune had evidently got the best of the struggle. For he was, when he presented himself to us, by no means a presentable specimen of the human race. He was accompanied by a gentleman. I use the word advisedly, because, as you will see by-and-by, this companion had evidently had all the benefits of a first-class education, and was now on his probation in the bush. These men were journeying from Rushworth to Sandhurst, where they hoped to obtain employment in some capacity, their luck having completely run out on the former goldfield where they had wrought for some years with ever diminishing luck. We had with our original party some, other 'overlanders,' whose business in Melbourne was multifarious. Let me premise that when the newcomers struck our camp the cattle were safely dis- posed of for the night, and our fire, at first a big one, had dwindled down to amass of red tinder. The great blue gums with which we were surrounded stood out in relief against the darkness of the night, and the only sound which broke the silence of the night was the whisper of the 'possum as it called its mate. We were not long in striking hands, us and these new men, and after the billy had been emptied, and another cheerful pipe smoked, a call was made for a song. Of course nobody could sing in the company, and then it was resolved that to wile away the small hours we should each tell some incident which had happened in his own life. The first to commence was the "boss," who gave us THE SQUATTER'S STORY. I was not always, he said, tho methodical man of business that I am now, watching the wool grow on the back of my sheep, and only valuing the most beautiful landscape and the most verdant pasturage because of the fattening properties of its gross. Twenty years ago I was as full of romance and poetry as any young follow who now swears by Arnold, and would look upon me as a most horrible middle-aged Philistine. But all the sweetness and light in my composition were soon exhausted, and I will fell you how. But first of all I had better tell you a little about myself and my belongings. I am what is termed an imported baby ; that is, I was not born in the colonies, but I came here so young that I don't recollect anything about any other place. My father was a subaltern in the — foot, and came to Now South Wales while I was in long clothes. When I was about twelve years old, the regiment being about to be ordered home, my father (who by that time had got his company) sent in his paper*, and with tho pro ceeds of his commission, added to my mother's fortune, purchased a run in what was then termed the far north of South Australia. There I resided till I was about twenty years of ago, and received tho training and educa tion which squatters usually give their children — that is to say, io parapliraso a lino from an old English poet, I was a dunce ak pyntax, but a dab at riding a bnckjnm'per. In one of my visits 'to Adelaide I met a* young lady named Mabel Graineer, who, with her mother, tho widow of agent'ennn who formerly held the position of police magistrate in Tasmania, wero pnying a visit to some relatives in South Aus tralia. My family approved of the young lady ; my mother was always extolling her. I was al ways a welcome visitor at the GraingTs', and although I had never spoken to Mabel about love or marriage, I soon found than I was regarded by her friends as a sort of accepted lover. I say that I had never spoken to MabBl about lovo or marriage. ? There wero two reasons. ? In the first p'ace I was too shy to do anything of tho kind. In the second, it was by no means clear to mv mind that anything like a declaration would not have nut an end to our very pleasant compa nionship, nnd awakened me from tho fool's para difio inwhich I was indulging. Mabel was always very kind, and seemed glad to see me, and to derive pleasure from my society ; but I was not at all sure that her feelings towards me were half fo warm as those of my sister Emilyj and I was almost certain that she loved somebody else. Captain Ernest Danvers was a man who might very easily turn the head of any young girl j tall, dark, with piercing black eyes, and a jotty heard and rooustacho, with a great deal of dash and a great deal of grace, wcl| -dressed, riding one of the best horses in the colony, nnd driving tho only mail phaeton which was to be found from St. Vincent's Gulf to Mount Gatnbior : ho. had created no little sensation in Adelaide. The sub alterns in the detachment of the 11th foot — with nothing to live on but thoir pay — tho govern ment clerks, the' young lawyers, doctors, and merchants, in fact all. the eligible young men, had to bow their diminished heads beforo this dashing young warrior, who had been several times in action, had had a horse shot under him atMoodkee, and had nearly lost his life at Foro zeshnh. No wonder that, he had made other con quests than those over Sikh, Beloocheo, anil Scin dinn, and Ihit half tbo young ladies in Adelaide would have liked to see this beau sabreur at their feet. Ho used to bo, a frequent visitor at the ;Graingers', where ho made himself most; agreoable to the ladies, and most particularly disagreeable to mo, whom he always patronised as if I were a schoolboy. Nothing can bo more unpleasant to a young fellow who. is just getting out of his teens; and even if I hud not instinctively recog nised him as a rival, 'I should have, hated him. Of course Danvera had lots of enemies.. ' Ho gave out that he was away from India on two years' leave; but his detractors hinted that he had been forced to quit tho service ; and cheating at cards, embezzling tho regimental funds, and nil sorts of rascalities were pointed out as the 'probable causo. But it is only fair to say that theso stories wero almost universally discredited, especially amongst the fair t-ex, and thero was no Indian army list procurable at Adelaide. Thero could bo no doubt of one thing : ho had lots of money, could got whatever sums he required from his bankers, and ho was as generous as :i prince is popularly believed to bo — although I be lieve-as a rulo they are the inoit thorough skin flints imaginable). I say that I recognisod in Duivers a rival. If you had asked mo for any reasons, I could not have given thorn. Ho was not more frequently in the house of the G-raingcrs' than at that of lots of other people. Mabel was always more gay and brilliant in his society than in tbat of any one elso, but the same phenomenon might have been seen in the case oE half a dozen other girls. I even noticed it in my own sister. They all looked upon him as a superior being, and all were anxious to appear to tho best advantage in his eyos. I tried to reason myself out of what I could not help imagining was causeless jealousy, and as the wish is always father to our thoughts, I partially suc ceeded. Matters wore going in this manner, I delaying from day to day making a formal proposal, when all Adelaide was thunderstruck by tbo news of the arrest of Danvors upon a charge of forgery. The story was a very extraordinary one. Ho bad been a captain in a regiment of Indian irregular cavalry, but his name was not Danvors, but Ir vine. He had got heavily into debt, and had ob tained leave- of nbsonco to proceed from tho North-Wess Provinces, where his rogiment was stationed, to Calcutta, in order to endeavor to put bis affairs in order. On the road down he met Captain Danvors, an officer in another regiment, who had just received a legacy of £5000, which had been deposited at Coutt-j', and an authority sent to him. to draw for it. Canvers died sud denly from cholera at a small village where there wore no European inhabitants, and Irvine sud denly made up his mind to pe.rnnriato the deceased man, and to commie suicide himself — in other 'words, to'gi vo out that it was I rvine who was dead, and not Danvers. Accordiui-ly, imitating the handwriting.of tho unfortunate follow wlio.ie body was lying in a lonely Mofussil grave, he wrote' to his'old regiment tlnn Irvine was'no more — a piece of intelligTvo which did not create any great amount of grief , t .\eopt amongst his white; black, and whitov -brown creditors ; while he himself made all the haste he could to Calcutta, and from thenco by steamer to Point do Galle. Ones there ho called upon tho manager of the branch ot tlio Oriental Btnk, and had no dif ficulty in making that official believe that he was the real ? Danvers, the fact that they were both officers in similar regiments os.-iisiing him to carry out tho decoption ; so tbat he got his bill on London for --€500 cashed, the amount being endorsed on his authority. Armed with a plonti ful mpply of rea'ly money, he went on board the first ship that was sailing to any other part of the world than England or India, and thus happened tn select South Australia ns his future residence. The fact that his identity had been acknowledged by the banker at Galle disarmed all suspicions in Adolaide, and the soi disant Danvers had during the short time he bad been living in that city managed to get his bills cashed to the tune of nearly two thousand pounds. Bat ' tho best laid schomes of men and mico oit'ging ageo.' Irvine had been recognised in the Old Mansion House at Galle by a shopkeeper in whbsebooks he had rather heavily dipped at Calcutta, ns not being Danvers at all. Suspicion was excited ; the banker made inquiries, the signature was proved to bo a forgery,, and it being found that he had retreated to Adelaide, information was sent to the authorities there, and Danvwrs, as Itthall continue to call him, was arrested upon a charge of forgery upon tho Bank of South Australia. A cynical old philosopher once observed 'that thorn is Home hiug about the misfortunes of one's best friends that is not altogether displeasing to us.' As Danvers was not my friend at all, I cannot say that I was very much grieved at hearing that his fraud had been dis covered. Indeed I was mean enough to bo almost glad about it, for I felt sure that Mabel, ..who had been brought .up in a penal colony, and accustomed to see convicts doing the work of beasts of burden, and treated with, even less consideration, would not waste a second thought upon a prisoner. The sequel will show how far I hod formod a proper ostimato of her character. ' Tboro were'some legal difficulties in tho way of shoetiug homo the charge, of forgery against Danvera,. and it was reported that it might be necessary to eond to India for a witness to prove bis identity with Capt. Irvine But it was well known tha*-- the bank was determined to make an example of him, and that there wa3 little or no probability of his escaping from the olutohes of justice. He had boon released on bail, but he never left his own lodgings, nnd as n matter --x course did not show at the many houses in whii.li ho had formerly been a welcome guest. T |m winter waB, nearly over, and I had had n le;ur from my fat.hor. in which ho urged mo t.o i;--wi: home for tho thearinf;. which would romiii--iiru in about a fortnight's timn. I was very tifximiN that the Graingers should accompany us, as wiis at first arranged, and the eldpr Indies weni quite willing to go. Mabel, however, mmlo several excuses, and one day my wither tn -l me, in so many words, that sho thought lit fen e wo left town, that I ought to nomo to an under standing with her. I accorriingly managed to screw up my ennrnpo to the sticking point. I dressed myself c tjvfnlly in my most becoming clothes, and lmtook imnelf to the house of the Graingers in North-tcrrac/-; I was shown into the drawing-room, and in » fon minutes Mabel entered. I supposo I looked un usually sheepish, for sbo commenced (nlking about all sorts of indifierint subjects, andse-irrMy gave mo an opportunity to say a word. Hut. lit last I took advantage of a slight pause, ami with out any circumlocution told her that I must. Imivh Adelaido in a day or two, but before jroin,; F wished ti ask whether sbo would boenmon-v wid-. I was about to tell her that I helii-vt- il tlinenr union would not bo displeasing to her family, /m.l that I Knew it would be pleasing to mine, wlitu she burst out into a storm of indignation. 1 h;nl never dared to speak of love while D«nyers »?«« free : I was too groat a coward to cross his path : but I had taken advantage of the vile rd--t ng- iinxt. him to postor her with my attentions. How much, more she would have said I do not kno.v, but my own pride was aroused. I had not. calcu lated on anything like this, and with nil t.li-» dig nity which I could summon to my aid, I tnM her that i-he would never again ha troubled with my presence, and that I wished bo'4 every possible; happiness. Darting out of tho house I rushed home, wrote a brief note to my mother informing her of the rejection of my suit, hutof cnurs's keen ing Mabel's secret, and took tbo afternoon 'soo- tch for Kooringa. It afterwards tamed out that pver since his arrest Mabel had been in the habit of Miein' Danvers every evening ; that sho thorough1? be lieved in his innocence ; and, like a true winun, only clung to him the more closely becaiiKO he whs in trouble, and that sho had promised to remain true to him whatever might occur. lint liis position was gradually getting wor--o nnd worse ; the necessary evidence had arrived from India, and there was little or no doubt of hU.ultimxte conviction. Ho was eventually conimitio.l for trial, and kept in close custody. U'lilile to continue her [stolon iuterviows with Daiiver«, Mabel's- health, gave way, and tho clsuidesi.ino meetings having corao to tho cars of JUr*. Grainger there was a terrible scene, ami vonr Mabel was soundly rated for her disgraceful be havior and hor predilection for a felon. Sho pleaded for one last interview, and her request was granted. She spent two hours with lou vers, and upon her return promised that Mm would never see or hear from him again. Nut content with this concession, Mabel had no peace until sho consented to marry me. It wns in vain that sho nsked to be allowed to return to Tasmania. She should never leave Adelaide until sho did bo as a married woman. Sho should not live as a single gjrl in tho samo colony to which the Ecoundrej Danvors would probably ho tran sported. Neither my mother nor myse.lt' knew anything about these transactions until u long while af forwards. It was now tho commencement of (Mtohor : shearing was over, and tho last wool-drays, laile.n with tho golden fleece, had started from Talla rowio on their journey to Port Adelaide. L »?«« still brooding over my rejection, and had *uiik into a dull, miserable state of mind, from which not oven the bright sunny skies, and tho emerald green of the boundless plains, then looking sit their best, could arouse me, when I received two ratlior startling announcements. Tlio lirst wn- that Dauvors had been convicted, nnd Hi-iitcDced to fifteen years' transportation. All colonial prisoners were in those days cent to Tasmania, nr as it was then called Van .DieuienV Lind ; tho second was an invitation to an evening party at the houso where Mrs. Graingnr lived in Xorth terrace. ? Tho first was not altogether un expected, for most persons antieipaU-.d snnm such finale to the casu. Tho .hhcoiuI wuh for some, time incomprehensible. Why Minul.l tho - Graingers ask mo to their lioueu after what had occurred? And why Hhould they take the trouble to send such an invitation toil man who would have to undergo tho fatigues of a thrco days' journey in order to accept it 'I I ro solved to toll my mother what had occurred be tween Mabel and myself, and ask her advice. After I had finished my story my mother strongly advised me to rotura to Adelaide, and* assured mo 'that if Mabel has forgotten him, ana you find that your feelings to her have not changed, you. have my consont to marry wheuevor you plenso, ami I can count upon your father's.' I need hardly add that I took my mother's advice, with what result you will shortly discover. How little she know oE such passionate natures as Mahol Graingar's ? After a fow minutes' con versation with my father, who, like the brick that he was, wrote a note to his agents, instructing them to let mo have what money I required ; and cramming a few articles of dress into my valise, I rode over to Kooringa. Little did I think as I crossed the range between the station and the township that I was never to see old Tallarowio again. It was on the ovnning of the party that I reached Adelaide, and I had only time to get my boxes from the place in which they had been left, and to nmko a few hurried purchases, when_ it became time to dress. I hastened to tho Grain yers', and was received most cordially by tho elder ladies. I could not help being struck with the chango which the past two months had made in Mabel. She was perhaps more bfautiful than ever, but her face had lost all its freshness and repoKO. Her complexion was more flushed than I over recollected it before, hor eye3 were far more bright, and her manner was much more cordial and oven affectionate than our last interview war ranted. ? Hud I boen older it wouM have been perceptible to me that she was acting a part. Hut I was fur too simple to. make such an obser vation. It is not necessars* for me to tell you what an idiot I was ; but after supper, and a glass or two of champagne, Mabel and I were standing together in the conservatory looking at the gar -1cn, which in tho soft moonlight looked voluo tuously calm You may say that is a bull, but it is .something liko Byron's ?' languor which was noi repose.' I was more in love than ever — at least I thought so ; and I made up my mind to mako another attempt at popping the question. ' Mabol,' I said, and grasped her hand, which »lie did not make any. attempt to roolaim, ' I asked you a question about two months ago in this very house. If I were to ask it again what would you say ?' ' You had better try,' was the faint reply. 'Dearest, do* you mean to sayj that you will be mine '(' There was no response, but in less than a minute she was in my arms, and fivo minutes ;-tto_r wards I was being blessed by the one Mrs. Grainger and congratulated by the other. And thus I became in engaged man. And now comes the most singular portion of my story. Of course I was most anxious that the happy day should take* place as speedily as pos sible. My family threw no difficulties in the way. My father was liberality itself in the way of settlements — offered to make mo a partner with one-third interest in the station on the day of my marriage, tli e only .proviso being that my wife ana T should reside at Tullnrowie for two vears in order to allow him to travel in Europe with my mother and sinter. Mrs. Wrainger took the same view of tho case. But Mabel was obstinate — she would be married nowhere but in Tasmania. She would not think of going to the altar anywhere except from her brothers house. She had made a most solemn vow with one of her schoolfellows that tho first who was married in any portion of Australia should have the other for bridesmaid. All these excuses seemed ridiculous enough ; but in all those matters ladies generally manage to have their own way, and boih her mother and myself wore as mere wax in the hands of Mabel. It was finally agreed that we should nail for Hobart Town in the Lady Denison, which was to atari; on the 1st of November, be married as quickly as possible after our arrival there, spend our honeymoon upon the banks of tho Dei-went, and return to Adelaide bo as to eat our Christmas dinner atTallarowie, and allow my father to leave for Kngland by the last wool ship of the season. I suppose, according toetiquette, that I ought not in have gone in the tame ship as the Qratngers. iSut in 1S40 communication between South Aus tralia and Tasmania was not very frequent, and I'or mo to havo waited six weeks for another ship would havo completely upset all our plans. Ac cordingly one 6ne afternoon I drove over to the port and chose two cabins in the Lady Denison. On tbo following day I was rather disgusted at reading tho following paragraph in the domestic news in the. South Australian Register : — 'The Latb Criminal Sittings — The convicts sentenced at the late criminal sittings will be for warded to Hobart Town by the Lady Denison, which is to leave the wharf on the 1st proximo. The prisoners are nine in number, and amongst them are several determined ruffians, including Smith, Parker, and Edwards, the well- known bufcbrangers ; Brown and Maloney,the sailors con victed of the attempt at piracy on board tho Hawk, on tho passage from Singapore; Black and Connor, the cattle stealera ; Evans, convicted of a. felonious assault ; and the notorious forger, Captain IXmvers. A strong force of police uader that efficient officer, Inspector Palmer, -will proceed with the Bhip, and the captain, officers, and crow will ho sworn in as special constables. We are requested to state that only two steerage passen gers can be taken by this opportunity. This was a sell with a vengeance. In the first place it was not pleasant having such a set of scoundrels for fellow-passengers, since it was quito probable that they might make an attempt to regain their liberty. In the second, there was a certain sort of indelicacy in persons who had known D.invers when be was in the position of a geulleman meeting him under such very different auspices. But I did not see how the difficulty was to ho avoided. To wait in Adelaide for another six weieks would have upset all our plans, and I soon ascertained from the agents of the ship and tho police that every precaution would be taken both to keep the prisoners safe, and to pre vent them leaving the hold in which, they were to bo confined, except eurJy in the morning, when they would bo allowed, under a strong guard and heavily ironed, to take a little exercise. The probability was that the ladies would not have got over their spa-sickneas.until they were at their destination, and that they would scarcely leave tho cabins throughout the passage — at any rate that there was little or no probability of Mabel ever knowing that Danvers was on board. Of course I had taken caro thai she should not see the para graph in tho Rcpitltr. I told her mother, who cook the same view of the case that I did, and accordingly we continued all our preparations for the voynge. The very small necessity for all these precautions will bo shown by the sequel. ? 'f lie Lady Deniaon sailed punctually on the 1st IS'ovembor. The cabin passengers consisted of Mabel and hor mother and their maid, an elderly shopkeeper and his wife, myself and another young man named Tracey, who, unsuc cessful at Adelaide was about seeking bis for tune eltG where. The passengers, tbo captain, tlio first officer, and the inspector of polica made up tho inmates of tho first cabin. The conviots were kept in the hold, and were only allowed to come upon deck between six and eight in the morning, when they were taUen out two by two, heavily ironed and handcuffed together, each, batch being allowed to walk up and down for half an hour, tho whole of the constables armed with rifles and bayonets being on duty at the time. The rest of the day the prisoners were kept under hatches, with an armed sentry over them. Tho crew lived in the forecastle, while the second mate, three constablos and a sergeant, and two passengers occupied the steerage. The two steerage passengers were of that nonderscript class which is to be found all over the colonies. They had been shearing in South Australia, and were going to tho Derwent for a bit of a spell. One had a sweetheart there, the other had a brother. I did not at all like tboir looks, and tho in spector, a shrewd, hard-headed, middle aged man, who had been a sergeant in my father's company, regarded them as ' most sus picious characters,' although he was bound to ad mit that he knew nothing against or even about tnetn. The passage- was unusually protracted. We had been a week from tho lightship before we lost sight of the South Australian coast, and in stead of the ladies never leaving their cabins un til wo reached Elobarton, they had quite got their sea-legs, and had recovered their health before we had got well into blue water. Mabul's spirits wero wonderful, and there was nothing to show that she had the slightest idea that Danvers was amongst the prisoners; still less that she ever wastod a thought about him. Wo had been ahout a fortnight at sea, and hoped to reach our destination in two days more. The weather was delightful, and evory one, even the prisoners, were reported to bo glad that their closo confinement was at an end, and that they should soon got ashore nguin. It was twilight, and Mrs. Grainger and Mabel had left the poop where we had been spending a most delicious half hour, when, as xhe turned to enter the companion on her way to the cabin, one of the steerage passengers jostled against her. I fancied that ho put something white into her hand, but it was too dark to see. ' You have no right abaft the mainmast,' said tho captain ; ' more especially as you cannot walk straight.' 'I beg pardon I'm snre, sir, of the young lady,' replied the man civilly, touching his hat and slinking forward. I looked at Mabel as we entered the lighted cabin, but sho said nothing and made some jest ing romark. My f uspicions, it over I had any, were entirely blown to the winds. How easily we are deceived by thoso we love. I sliall never forget tho next day. We hoped to sight the coast of Tasmania before sundown, and to be at anchor in the Derwent on the follow ing evening It was Mabel's birthday, and never had she looked more lovely. We walked up and down tho poop before luncheon ; I building all sorts of castlet in the air, and she listening to all my stories' with as much apparent interest as if, without roe, life would have been » perfect blank. What consummate actnss ;s some women are. At twelve o'clock we all descended into the cabin for luncheon. At the same time the steer age passengers and crew bad their dinner, the deik being only occupied by tho officer of the watch, the man at tho wheel, and the constable on duty. ' Mr. Palmer,' said Mabel, 'this is ray birth day. May I send your men a bottle of wine to drink my health in V ' With pleasure, Miss Grainger,' said the in spector, and accordingly Mabel retired to her cabin, and in a minute returned with a bottle of port in hor hand. ' Perhaps,' said she, ' they would think all the more of it if I took it myself.' I did net half like her condescending so much, but it was no use to argue, and in «* minute she left the cabin with the bottle in her hand, and in the space of a few seconds returned. A few minutes afterwards she and her mother left the table, Mrs. Grainger going into her cabin, while Mabel went upon deck. We sat chatting and laughing upon all sorts of subjects, when all of a sudden there was a noise upon deck, and a torriBc shriek as if from some poor wretch in mortal agony. ' What on earth is that ?' said Palmer, and he and the captain both rushed to the companion. The mate, Tiacey, and I, followed. In aii instant we discovered that we wore locked iu. The door of the companion had been fastened from the outside. The captain and Palmer tried to burst the door open, But.it was not so easily done. The door was of heavy cedar, and the fastenings were too strong. Meantime tho noise upon the deck bad consi derably increased, and I could hear that wood work was being broken away. Palmer had rushed to bis cabin for a sword and his pistols ; the captain had got an axe, and in less than a minuto we wero all upon the deck. But it was too late. The convicts hud broken out of the hold ; had managed to wrench off their irons ; had obtained possession of the riflea of the police guard, and were in full possession of the ship. Danvers was standing on .the quarter deck with Mabel by hia side, her eyes burning with excitement, her hair dishevelled, and her face with an expression upon it something akin to that which Mistress Macgregor mast have worn when she bade her followers throw Baillie Nicol Jaryio into the Highland loch, there to seek for his Highland kinsmen. I understood it all at a glanco. Mabel had been in correspondence with Danvers all along. I after wards discovered thatat their last interview they had been secretly married. Her consent to my proposals, and the voyage to Hobart Town had all boeu a portion of the plot to sail in the same ship with Danvers. The two steerage passengers were confederates, and the wine which she gave to the policemen had . been drugged with mor -hia. When she left 'the cabin after luncheon, ?or first task was to close the door leading from the companion to the deck, her next to go to the Bteerage, where she found the policemen Iving BtupoGea from the effects of the narcotic. Then walking to the sentry, who bad drunk a small quantity of the drugged liquor, and was half asleep, she snatched his rifle from his hand. The next moment one of the steerage passengers threw the poor wretch overboard, while the other knocked tho mate down with a marlin spiko. The man at the wheel seeing the pcufHe, ran below to join the other sailors, who kept re markably quiet while the affray was going on. They afterwards said that it was no affair of theirs; but I always suspected that they had re ceived a good round sum of money as a reward for their pusillanimous conduct. As we gained the deck, Palmer, with his sword drawn, rushed upon Danvers. 'Keep back if you value your lives,' said he. ' Wo have got the ship, and we m«?an to keep her. Wo nre eleven, well armed and desperate Keep quiet, and we will not harm you ; but I swoar that we will never surrender.' Tho captain and the inspector realised tho hopelessness of the contest The police wero un able, and the sailors unwilling, to interfere. Tho second mate was lying insensible on the deck, and all tho force upon which tho constituted authorities could rely wero Tracey and myself ; for my friend the grocer, thinking discretion the better part of valor, had retired to tho solitude of his state-room. At last a compromise was entered upon, and it was agreed that tho polico guard shoul i take the place of tho convicts in the hold; that tho cap tain, officers, and two of the crew, with the aid of the prisoners and the steerage passengers, should work the ship ; that the cabin passengers, includ ing Inspector Palmer, should retain their liberty on their promise to make no attempt to alter tho position of affairs ; that tho Lady Danisnn should remain all night upon her oour.se, and that early the next day all- who desired should bo put on shore. I was of course awfully disgusted at the turn events had taken. Danvers and Mabel# were radiant with joy, and it was not many minutes afcer the cessation of hostili ies that he, clad in one of tho captain's suits — his own canvas, branded with tho broad arrow, having been thrown overboard — vas sitting upon tho poop, with Palmer's sword girt by his side, and Mabel seated opposite, both looking the very picture of happiness. Tho person most to bo pitied was Mrs. Grainger. The big tears rolled silently down her cheeks, and as sho looked at Mabel I could see at a glance the thoughts that were passing through her mind. For myself I was more shocked than sorry. Mv feelings for Mabel wero altogether changed. But although I had ceased to love her, I could not help admiring her courage and spirit, and I half hoped that Danvers might by his fuoure life show that ho deserved so much devotion. Danvers remained on deck all night, Mabel re maining with her mother. What passed between them no one ever know. By daybreak tho fol lowing morning the Tasmanian coast uear South Capo was in sight, and by noon we were off Bruny Island. Danvers declined to go any nearer in, and accordingly the long boat was launched, a bag of biscuits and cask of water, some cold pork, and a couple of bottles of rum put on board, and Ipave was given for all who wished to quit the fthip to do so. Tho policemen and their officers, the captain and the two mates, and the three cabin passenger* at once availed themselves of the permission, and Mrs. Grainger, after an agonised farewell to Mabel, went into the long-boat, into which five of the crew had previously stepped, the rest decided upon sharing the fortunes of the escaped convicts. After Mrs. Grainger had left the Lady Denison, Danvers came up to me, and asked what I in tended to do. I told him that after what had oc curred I did not care to face rev family again ; and that although it was not very pleasant to re main on board, I would rather do so than be laughed at from one end of Australia to tho other. He told me to please myself, and assured me that ho bore mo no malice, and that I had behaved throughout as a man of honor. The men in tho long-boat hoisted tboir sail, and in a few minuteB she was dancing merrily over the wavos. I after wards heard that she arrived i-afely a»h--re shortly after sundown, and that the whole pnr y reached Hobart Town early the following day. Mrs. Grainger never got over the shock, and died within a few weeks. No sooner had tho long-boat left the ship than a consultation took place between Danvers, one of the convict sailors of the Hawk, and tho boat Bwain of the Lady Denison, who had remained with her. After a few minutes' discussion, the ship stood out to sea again, and in three or four hours the coast of Tasmania had faded from my sight. Tho next month was dreary and uneventful enough. The object of Danvers was apparently to go to the southward of New Zealand, and land upon some island in the South Pacific, where, imi tating the examplo of the mutineers of the Bounty, he and iiis companions might live in peace. The crew and liberated convicts wero de lighted at the thought, and pictured to them selves all sorts of delights to compensate them for the miseries of the past, and the severo discipline which Danvers even then main tained over them, and . to which they gave a willing and even cheerful submission. But their joys were doomed to be never realised. The passage was delayed by light and contrary winds, and for more than a month we made little or no progress. At last a favorablo breeze set in, and it was calculated that we were nearly in the longitude of New Zealand, although a groat deal further south, but the weather had been so gloomy for two or three days that the only man on board who understood navi gation had not been able to take a single observa ion. Theond was now very near. On Christmas Eve, shortly before midnight, I was in my cabin, and Danvers aud his wife were in that formerly occupied by the captain, when' I felt a violent shock. I rushed upon deck ; the vessel was ashore on an iroubound coast. We were wrecked on the Auckland Islands. \- Never shall I forget the morning of that Christmas Day. Long before daylight tho Lady Douison had parted in two. The forepart of tho ship bad been broken up, and so far as wo could see not one living being had reached the shore alive. Our own position appeared hopeless, but towards evening the wind changed, and blew off the land, the- sea went down ; and, with the aid of the life-bouy and Borne hen-coops, we — that is the occupants of the afterpaH of the ship, Mabel, Daavers, and m-self, the steward, and tho man who was steering — m mage I to r«wch the shore ; the rest had gone to their long account. A few things were saved from the wreck, and some casks of pork and biscuit were washed ashore. We managed to erect a tent from the sails ot tho old_ ship, and with the aid of shell fish and occasional seal, eked out a miserable existence. Our greatest want was clothing, which in that inclement climate was almost as necessary as food. The first to succumb was the steward, who died at the commencement of the winter after the wreck. Danvers died next, from sheer exhaustion, but a knowledge of tbo dread ful plight in which he left Mabel added to the bitterness of his last hour. I had hoped that Bho, poor girl, would have survived until the fino woather Bet in, but sho never got over tbo death of her husband, and exactly twelve months after the night in which sho promised to bo my wife, I buried her, wrapt reverently in the skin of a dead leal, upon the lonely beach. Within a fortnight an American whaler . came in to heave down in Laurie harbor, rescued me and my companions, and landed us a few months afterwards in the Bay of Islands; New Zealand. Thence I got to Sydney, and in duo course reached Victoria, where I have led a bachelor's life ever since. My father and mother are boih dead ; my sister is unmarried and lives with me. We looked at the now comers for a moment only, and tho more gentlemanly oE the two then said that he had little to tell, but that if we would listen. ho would give us an item of his own experience, and that was A DOCTOR'S STORY. My friend Sylvester came out to South Aus tralia in its early days, and ho was one of those who prospered from tho beginning, and continued to piosper. That is to say, he prospered in al money matters. I came out, at his request, two or three years after lie had settled in Adelaide, and there came out with me a young lady engaged to be married to Sylvester. For, finding that things went well with him in the now country, 'he had written homo for a wife, and bad requested me to take charge of tho lady — a commission I was very happy to undertake, for I bad many times been under considerable obligations to Sylvester, and I knew ho would do all ho could to help me into practice on my arrival. He had not boen previously on gaged to tho lady, hut he had known hor toler ably intimately boforo leaving. I was some what at a loss to understand how it was that sho had accepted him under the peculiar circum stanco, till an explanation was supplied by the fact of her having been just previously jilted by a captain of hussars, who, having paid her a good deal of attention while quartered in the town where she lived, had suddenly left with his com pany, without allowing his attentions to resolve themselves into anything more definite than a des perate flirtation. Sho, it appeared, had entertained for him a really serious regard ; but as she had, for somo time, enjoyed. tho reputation of being a flirt herself, no sympathy was fo It for her. It wa3 just at this juncture that John Sylves ter's offer of marriage came ; and as it, at any rate, afforded her an opportunity of escaping from the not too pleasant position in which she just then found herself, she accepted it ; and within six weeks from the time of its arrival she was on her way to Australia, at that time regarded as nn undertaking of tho most stupendous character. She was undoubtedly beautiful, and hor manner was fascinating : but it was at onco evident that, iu all sho said and did, she was playing a part. She was just such a. woman as a sensible man, if ho fell in lovo with her, might despise himself for loving. We had not many passengers, and there was no other lady in the cabin save the captain's wife and herself, bo that, as may be supposed, Miss Ilalston was made a good deal of. She very soon selected for her special favor a gentleman who *as going out from Livorpool to found a branch mercantile establishment in Adelaide. He was not particularly good looking, nor well informed, nor accomplished, but she knew him to bo rich ; and that quality, in her eyes, supplied the place of every other. I could not, of course, help' observing a familiarity growing up between them, but as I knew it had always been her character to indulge -n this pastime- of flirtation, and as flirtation is one of the inevitable episodes of ship life, I did not think much of it. I could only hope that in stead of marrying my friend the lady would marry her more recent admirer. But sho did not. We arrived at Adelaide after a four months' voy age. John Sylvester came out in the pilot's boat to welcome his bride expectant, who received him with a well-simulated show of affection, and they were married tho day after she landed. In those early times luxurious homes were not common, and as I had come out prepared to see a great deal of colonial roughness, I was sur prised to find what a charming residence John hod prepared. If Mrs. Sylvester had been ever so exacting in the matter of doraeatio comfort? and elegances, she would havo found no reason to complain. John had contemplated matrimony from the timo of his arrival in tho colony, and so had been making preparations during all the interval with this end in view. The houso stood in a garden a little outside the town, and tho growth of the vegetation around it had been so rapid as already to give it quito an embowered appearance. Indeed John Sylvester's house, I found, hod served as an incentivs to many other thriving settlers, and bis examplo of comfortable home building was being a good deal followed. I mention this mattor of Mrs. Sylvester's home comforts only to show you how littlo reason she had for regretting that sho hod exiled herself from tho old country. Sho had married an honorable and prosperous man, . who, though of a somewhat grave and staid dis position, yet loved her I was sure with an un doubted earnestness, and who showed bis lovo for her by indulging hor tastes and wishes to the utmost possible extent. Consciious of her influence over him, she did not hesitate to use it freely. She determined to take a position in tho little society of Adelaide as a leader of fashion, bo that John Sylvester's anticipations of quiet domestic comfort did not seem likely to be realised. Meantime I was making good way in my pro fession. I visited frequently at Sylvester's, but the occasions of most enjoyment wore when I and John were by ourselves in his littlo library, which looked out pleasantly upon the garden. One Sunday afternoon, John and I were sitting together after dinner, in the little room just men tioned, and Mrs. Sylvester was enjoying a siesta in tho drawingroom. Joha said, ' I shall be rather glad of a little quietness, for though I am always pleased with anything that pleases Anna, yet I think she will be better for having some thing of a more purely domestic kind to occupy her attention. I do not grudge her anything it is possible for mo to procure her, but £ am afraid this continual excitement in not good for her.' 'No doubt,' I said. ' It is very likely, how ever, that matornal duties will greatly modify her tastes and wishes. I have known some curious changes to happen at such periods. They very often constitute a sort of moral crisis in a woman's life.' 'Yes, I have read of such instances, and I only hope it may be so in her case. There is something almost grotesque in our keeping up such a life of rattle and frivolity in a community -where the hard business of laying the rough foun dations of society should principally engage one's attention; but I believe those social contradic tions are not unusual in new countries.' A fortnight afterwards the baby was born. It was a boy, and John's delight was very great. But on visiting Mrs Sylvester the day after tho occur rence, I was mot at the door by John with agravo face. Ho took me aside into the garden, saying, ' I want to speak -with you before you Bee Anna. ' ' Nothing wrong, I hope ?' 'Well yes, there is a good deal wrong. She won't suckle the child. She says she is not going to sacrifice herself to the drudgery of nursing.' 'But there are no wet nursos to bo had hero as there are in England ; does not she know that ? And a child brought up by hand has a hundred chances against its living.' ' I told her so, and she said she did not care.'- This shocked mo very much, and I felt it tho moro because I knew how terribly it -would bo felt by nay poor friend, wnoso yarning wish it had always been to be surrounded with children of his own. I promised to make all possible inquiries for a wet-nurse, and wont away, after giving careful directions about feeding tho baby. But no wot-nurse was to be had. In answer to advertisements, several applicants presented themselves who would have heen suitable two or three months previously, and several others who would be suitable in a mouth or two more ; bnt not one at that time suitable. . Tberp was nothing for it, therefore, but to endeavor to bring the child up by hand, and this ? commonced to bo done as well as the circumstances permitted. I noticed that a great change liad cnoio over ray friend John. Always somewhat grave in his manner, he had grown moody, abstracted, and careworn. The child did not thrive, notwith standing all tho care exercised in its artificial EUbtenance. It was continually ailing, and often in an evening, when I called, I found John in his library with tho child on his lap. Tho nurse used to tell me th*t the first thing he inquired for when he came in from business was the baby. Mrs.^ Sylvoster had continually visitors of an evening, and often while she was singing selec tions from operas in tho drawingroom, John would bo bending over his poor, moaning little child in his library, giving it sips of milk out of a spoon, walking about with it in his arms, hut never seeming to tire of attending to it in some way. I found him thus occupied one night when the child was about four months old. The little thing had wasted away to a skeleton. It had never been very strong, and it was just one of those children who, although they will thrive perfectly if fed in the natural way, cannot digest artificially prepared food. I had dono all I could Jtor it in the way of medicine, but I knew it was past recovery, and only lingered in its misery. John knew this too. Tho tears were running down his cheeks as he bent over the poor little wasted form. ' I bad *o set my heart upon this child, and it might have lived too if it had had ft mother worthy of tho name.' He never said so much to me before about his ?wife. I knew he was di-appointed in her, but whatever bitterness there had been in his re grets, it had not before expressed itself in words. I left him ; but during the night he sent for me again. The poor baby was dying. He knew I could do no good, but he said it comforted him for me to be witb him. He had it si ill on his knee, and Mrs. Sylvester sat by his side, very gaily dressed, and altogether looking very beautiful ; bnt as tearless, as stony-eyed, and as unmoved as a figure of marble. ' Of coarse there is nothing to bo dono for it,' she said, 'and I don't know why he has sent for you. Everything has been done that could be done I suppose this climate is bad for children.' 'Not everything,' B»id John, very sadly, 'not everything. But it is. no use regretting not».' And ho looked at his wife with so piteous a look that if eho had had any woman's tenderness in her soul sho would surely have melted. 'I suppose you would have preferred that I should have died instead of the child ?' She said these words with the coldneRB of an inqui sitor, and hardly looked at him as sho said them. 'I do not think thero was any danger of either you or the child dying. God knows, if thero had been any risk in your giving him his natural food I should not have desired it.' The baby's breathing had been growing slower and slower since I entered the room. It now began to ga^p, and; opening its large blue eyes, : it gavoone convulsive sob, and all was over. 'This child haB been murdered,' said a voice behind me. It was the nurse who spoke. She had attended upon the poor little creature almost from tho time of its birth, and John had expressed himself as much pleased with the kindness she had shown to her littlo charge. If assiduous care could have kept the life in it she would never have let it die. She had beoome very fond of it, and had shown an interest in it greatly beyond what might have been expeoted of her. She was the daughter of a farmer who had settled fur up the country, and bad boon recom mended to Jobn by a storekeeper whom ho was in the habit of supplying with goodB. She was one . of a large family, and John had ascertained that hor father had been in good circumstances in the old country ; but, having lost nearly all he pos sessed, ho had emigrated with the remnant of his fortuno to South Australia, and bad at once betakon himself to the interior ; but having been the reverse of successful in his venture, he had been compelled to permit some of his children to earn their own living. Bertha Watson therefore, though occupying the petition of a ser vant, was in reality an educated lady, and John hud been much pleased to know that his child was entrusted to the care of a person who differed bo grea-Jy from an ordinary servant. He had per mitted her the run of his library, and when she had not been occupied with tho baby he had found she read very diligently — not the books generally affected hy young people of her age, but works of criticism, poetry, aud history. In this way he had, on several occasions, found himself engaged in interesting conversations with her on tho subjects which occupied her attention, and had been agreeably surprised at the ex tent of her information and the largeness of hor mental culture. She had never spoken of the cause of the child's illness, although assiduous in the last degree to promote its comfort. So then when she said, ' This child has beon murdered,' ho was a little startled. 'Bertha,' be remarked, very quietly, 'you must not say that.' Sho took the dead child out of his arms, and I shall never forget the look sho cast on Mrs. Sylvester at that moment. ' Mind you quit this house in the morning,' said Mrs. Svlvester, 'ast-oonas it is light.' ' Cortainly, if Mr. Sylvester desires me. But I shonjd wish, if he peases, to be permitted to stay with this dear dead baby until it is buried.' 'I hope you will,' said Sylvester, and he looked at his wife with a face from which all affection had fled. You may easily imagine that my friend had now no comfort at home. He grow thin and looked harassed ; and at last ho began to caro nothing about bis business, in which he had always felt a keen interest. One night he came in a very excited state, re questing mo to visit Mrs. Sylvester immediately, as she was very ill. I found her in a violent bya terical paroxysm, screaming loudly, and threaten ing to kill herself. She was held down in bed by two persons, who had the greatest difficulty in restraining her from doing some injury to htr.-elf or others. I ascertained that there had been one of the usual parties that evening, and that Mrs. Sylvester had taken a great deal of champngne, and that, after all tho other guests had departed. Sylvestor had seen from bis library window one of the guests— tho same gentleman, hytbe-way, with whom sho had flirted on board ship when coniinu out— walking in the garden with hi* arm'round Mrs. Sylvoater's waist. John had rushed madly out lo them, and there hud been a scene. Tho fellow, a cood deal batterer), had re tired precipitately, and Mrs. Sylvester had been loft in the condition in which I found her. I ran hack to my house for some chloro form, with which I soon overcame the convulsive condition under which she labored ; and haying got her into a sound sleep, I left her for a time, and went to procure a nurse. I thought B-itha would do, if T could get her to como. I found her out, and told her of all that had happened. 'Poor Mr. Sylvester,' she said. 'What a false step he took when he married that woman. She will no his ruin. Ob, to bo cursed with such a demon for a wife is terrible.' The next day Mrs. Sylvester suffered much from prostration, and in tho evening sho was feverish and slightly delirious. I sent her such medicines as were suitable, but in the morning, about sqven o'clock, Sylvester came running in great agitation. ' For God's sake,' he said, 'come at once ; I think Anna is dead I' ' I accompanied him to the houso immediately. Mrs. Sylvester was dead. Sho hnd taken the sedatiyo draught, as I had ordered, and had then fallen into a slumber. Bertha, who liad consented to stay with her, had, it appeared, slept too. When the girl had awakened in the morning, she had been unable to arouse her mistress, and bad run in alarm to Sylvester, who found hor as described. There was an inquest of course, but no post mortem examination. Coroners' juries were not exacting in such matters in thoso days. I gave it as my opinion that in all pro bability the excitement had caused the .rupture of a vessel within the brain, aud that Mrs. Sylvester bad died of the apoplexy so occasioned. The jury accepted this view, and gave a vordict accordingly. Within twelve months af terwards John Sylvester married Berth aWatson. Before I left South Aus tralia for Victoria, at the commencement of the gold fever, they had three children, and I need not say that every one of them had been nursed in the legitimate way. No two peoDle ever loved each other more dearly than did John Sylvester and his second wife : and if his domestic expe riences during his first days of wedded life had been days of sorrow, those of his second ap peared amply to make up for them. The narrator paused for a second or two, took a rink i nd we thought he had done. ' Is that all ?' asked the young chap belonging to our party as he began to refill his pipe. ' It's a regular sell. I expected a murder at the least.' ' Thero was amurderafcerall,' sxidthe 'boss.' 'The baby was murdered, as the nurse said ; and let me tell you that one deed of that kind is quite enough for one tale. People seem to think now adays that you may commit a crime as easily as light your pipe.' 'I have not done yet,' said the doctor, 'the strange part of my story iR yet to come, and here it is, make of it what you like. Not long after I had come to Victoria my friends followed me, and my professional services were called into requisition soon after they arrived iu Melbourne. It wan an occasion of , much peril and suffering to Mrs. 8ylveater, and it was succeeded by an attack of mania which lasted for several -iays. It was about Christmas time, and the weather had been very hot, but tho wind changed on GbriHtrantt Eve, and on Christmas Day I was sitting by my patient's bedside watching her as she slumhrred for the first time since the commencement of the attack. Suddenly j-ho opened her eyes and said, ' Doctor, I am going to die !' ' Oh no,' I replied, ' you are better. You have beon very ill, but you are much better.' 'No,' she said, ''I am going to die, and I want to tell you something. There is nooody else in the mom ?' 'No one.' 'Well then, I want to tell you that I mur dered Mrs. Sylvester I' 'You!' 'I, Bertha Watson, now John Sylvester's wife. I had learned to love Jobn very dearly, because I was sorry that be should be oursed with so bad a wife ; so when she was ill, and you were about sending her some medicine, do you remember going out of the surgery for something when you wore making it up V ' Well, I went into the surgery during the hroe minutes you were absent, and put fome thing into the hottle, and when she was out of the world, and when John asked mo to be his wife I accepted him. with all my soul, to make him happy, bo that I might make up for the misery his first wife had caused him And I hope I have done so. I have bf en proud to be the wife of such a man, and — ' She fainted at this point, but she came round in a little while and looking at me with a calm smile, sho fell into a slumber. Perhaps you now expect me to say that she died 1' ' Yes, of course sho died,' said two of us at tho sitne moment. ' No, she did not die ; she became quite well, and -is alivo now. She has a family of six beau tiful children, and, to all appearances, never suffers from remorse at having committed any crime. You may some of you know that, in the peculiar mania from which she suffered, patients are frequently tho subjects of the moat extraor dinary delusions. Now, the question is, was sho, when she told me murdered Mrs. Sylvester, suffering from one of such delusions, or di'l she confess to me; ;'in tho apprehension of impending doatb, thenotufil commission of a murder? I have dobated this question a good deal within my mind;' and I have not como to a settled opinionMipbn it.' We had a good smoke after this piece of sensationalism and then all eyes were turned on the boss's friend, who, by tho way, was named Wilford. He spat a bit, and did a haw haw or so, aud then gave us the follow ing story of A CHRISTMAS DAY IN A DRIVE. ' The queerest Christmas Day I ever spont— is that what you want to know f It is not a very long story to tell,' said Wilford, a tallgjod-look. ing man, ibout five-and-thirty, who lay nearest to the embers of the dying fire, smoking a short briar-wood pipe and occasionally increasing the dying tendency by a kick with his foot. ' A merry Christmas, oh, Wilford ?' asked tho next lounger, who was engaged in an apparently fruit less endeavor to clean out his pipe tubo, and had already broken three grass stalks in the effort. ' Well,' replied Wilford, 'it depends upon one's definition. A ghost or an Afrite might have been cheerful over it, but I don't think the re collection of it would be calculated to make a Cherub sing his morning Hallelujah any tho moro cheerfully for having heard it. Still, tastes dif fer. I didn't feel merry at the time.' ' Was it when you were a cadet, Wilford ? You did wear the blue and silver for a time, you know.' ' I am cognisant of tho fact, my dear fellow. I am also cognisant of the fact that, though I sported tho red, blue and white too, ' long sword, saddle, bridle,' &c; ,&c;, though I assumed tho most military air possible, and believed myself quite a cavalry officer, profane diggers would not see it in that light, but called mo 'Joe' or ' trap,' indiscriminately; the former perhaps because my name was Fred, and the latter be cause however eager for the fray I never trapped any one.' ' And yet you fellows led a very jolly life of it; thoso did anyhow whom I knew at Ballarat,' remarked another of the party. ' You are right, my veracious friend, wo did to some extent. I say old fellow,'— this to tho pipe-tube cleaner, — ;' you'll never do it that way unscrew the mouth-piece, shorter distance for tho straw to travel, don't you see ?' As Wilford seemed disinclined to proceed, a man who had hitherto contented himself by smoking small puffs into the face of a terrier and then feigning intense commiseration with the deluded beast's annoyance, exclaimed, ' Qo on with your story man, we are all listening, and ready to believe anything.' 'All right,' Baid Wilford, 'pass me the pan nikin of, humble convenience filled witb the nectar of civilised Olympianisin, and I will proceed.' Whatever the nectar of civilised Olympianism may be in reality it is perhaps difficult to say, but that of which Fred Wilford took a long and appreciative draught smelled more like brandv and water than anything else, and appeared U conduce wonderfully to the drinker's general benefit. He shook the ashes out of his pipe, settled himself more comfortably on tho ground, gave tho fire a kick which brought it nearly to death's door, and then the story began. A story told by a man of a light lithe figure, even when stretched lazily on the ground, with quick keen grey eyes, straight well-cut features, bronzed complexion, a thick heavy moustache, and a generally reakless manner. One used to meet such men frequently enongh knocking about the colony some years ago, evidently gentlemen by birth and training — they are a littlo scarcer now — not strictly moral charac ters perhaps, but fine high-spirited follows enough, with all their recklessness, and never afraid of hard work. Of this stamp was the story teller. ' I am not going to tire you fellows out with any description of what our liie was in the police in 1854. Some of you know and there aro so many fellowB writing about it now-a-daya that those who don't can soon get the information. My object in' life at the present moment is to tell my story as shortly as possible and get back to my grog and a smoke. In Christmas '54, then, I was in charge of the police at ? , a new rush about ten miles from Ballarat. It was a pleasant ride enough from head-quarters out to my station, although it did pass through. a flat euphoniously and suggestively called Murderer's, but in one part it was rather disagreeably dangerous. Some cheerful gold-seeker knocking about in the bush a little before you camo to the said fiat discov ered a nugget. He kept it dark as long as he could, but some other cheerful prospector found him out, and there was a rush. ? Like all rushes it was,— you know the sort of thing. There ware not many stores. Commenced with a Btoro under a mia-mia, where picks wore pointed ; then some speculative genius put up a place, half Btoro half-shanty ; gold was got, rows began, girls were brought up at great expense and fabulous wages to dance at tho shanty ; then there were more rovra, then a few heads were broken, then a constable was sont out and broke a few more — and so things went on till ono fine day no more gold was got, the store ceased to bo patronised, the diggers bogan to drink water and tea instead of square gin, tho girls went to another and a better world — rush I mean ; and at last all the diggers cleared out, and the place was desorted. But in the height of tho fever tho digging had gone on pretty briskly, and holes wero sunk right across the road, which, though good enough, wa3 only a bush road after all. Through these holes there bad been worn by the traffic a winding, narrow path. It was safe enough in daylight, but on a dark moonless night it was just the ro vorso — about as nasty a place as a man would wish to cross. I often had to cross it, of course, but I never liked it, and never by any chanco put my horse out of a walk. ' Well, at Christmas, 1854, 1 was in charge of this station at ? . I had about fifteen men, mounted and foot, under me, and with me were tho gold commissioner — poor fellow, he has been drowned since — and a gold clerk. Wo had a very comfortablo little mess, and altogether led a very tolerable life. But, in spite of this, it was not by any means an exciting place to livo in. A venturous spirit who opened a dancing saloon had to close it in deference to their somewhat unusual moral notions ; and save oue woman, who gave her husband in charge for cruelty at twelve o'clock, and at half-past grossly abused tho constable for carrying out her wishes, we had not a singlo application for assistance for one whole month. They even took out their licences with exemplary regularity, and the two monthly visits I made while I was in chargo there wero purely formal. Christmas drew near, and I found that tho commissioner was going to spend tho festive season with somo friends, and that the gold-dork was going to follow his example. I began to think what I should' do myself. Soli tudo is an excellont thing, no doubt, regarded from a Zimmerman point of view, but it is by no means a desirable thing to spend Christmas by yourself in a hot tent with no ono to make merry with, a solitary dinner to eat, and outside fostivity, in which discipline would not let you share, to listen to. So, after serious and deep re fl°ction, I resolved I would ride into head-quarters * and spend Christmas thero. I had dono so the year before when in charge at another station, and the remembrance of the jovial hospitality with whichl, though an unexpected guest, had been received, was temptation enough to repeat the experiment. A rido into hoad-quarters was always permitted, and extra leave could bo ob tained there. ?' Under these circumstances, I saw thecomnus sionor and clerk depart with .comparative equanimity : and as I had made up my mind to ride into Ballarat early on Christmas morning, I thought I could get through Christmas Eve well enough. And so I did for tho first hour or so. But when tbo dinner was over, and the sun had set, and tho half darkness came on gradually, I began not to liko it half so well. The dim lamp in the dining tent seemed dimmer than ever, and the sounds of laughter from the flat, and every now and then the uound of a fiddle from one of the tents in tho camp itself, began to contrast rather unpleasantly with my own loneliness. The solitude grow moro irksome, the distant laughter sounded liko mockery : aud at last, after rising and walking impatiently to and fro outside my tent for afow moments, I came to the conclusion to get out of it at once. I would rido into Bal larat, stop there over the next evening, and re turn on Boxing Day, when a little extra festivity on the part of the diggers might possibly render my presence necessary. ' I called my sergeant, ordered my horse, left in structions for tho duty during my absence, and rode away into tho increasing darkness. ' ' It will be dark almost directly, sir, and no moon,' said tho sergeant ; and these were the last words I was to hear till Christmas Day was over. ' I thought but little of it then however ; my horse was fresh and strong, and it was little more than an hour's ride into Ballarat. Before eleven o'clock at any rate I should be with my comrades, and later still in the midst of the merriment. ' I sot my horse into a strong canter, and rode on, humming the only tune I ever could compass — the Barcarole in Masaniello. 'I had sung the first verse half a dozen times over, and having crossed tho flat with the un pleasant name, bad reached the place whore the deserted diggings crossed tho road. ' I had pulled my horsa up to a walk, too, when suddenly thero was a crackling noise over my head, and a branch broken off by somo means other fell rattling in front of me. ' With a snort of terror my horse bounded ward, and in a second we were among the holes. Iu tbe darknoss and gloom- -for the trees grow thickly on one side of the track, and tho place was in a hollow — I could see no track at all, nor indeed had I any time to look about me. The terrified animal made one or two wild plunges, ? then there camo a stumble, and a crashing fall, and then it was all darker than ever. ' It was darker than ever for some time, an then I camo back to sense, and a merely partia darkness. ' Every bone in my body was aching, and yet as far as I could make out I was not much hurt. ' I had fallen, or been hurled into, an old shaft. A deep one too, for though I could seo the stars shining through the narrow opening at tho top, it was at lexst eighty feet above my head. I must have fallon heavily, of course, for the hilt of my sword, still attached to my belt, was all bent; but a large pile of mullock had broken my fall, and no bones wore smashed. 'For the first few minutes or so I was not frightened. I had been down many a shaft deeper thiin eighty feet, and I knew that with uninjured limbs I could climb up by means of the footsteps which wero always cut in the sides of claims not slabbed. ' But on rising painfully and slowly to my feet, I discovered that, though no bones wero broken, I was sore and stiff from bead to foot. It was no uso delaying, however. In the morning I should be far stiffor and Borer, and the task of climbing, if difficult now, would be almost impossible then. ' So I braced myself up as well as I could, and began to feel about for the footsteps. I felt care fully all round for several minutes, and then at lant there dawned upon me a fresh horror — there were noue. ,,, 'As was sometimes the case, the claim had been worked by ropo and windlass only, and there were no footsteps. Had I been totally free from bruises it might have been possible for me by great and painful exertion to get to the top by cutting footsteps as I went. But I was sorely bruised indeed, and giddy, and s.o weak that I could scarcely stand upright ; and besides my sword was not a convenient tool for the purpose. 'Itriodit, however. Wi h much pain anil labor I mauageil to make four stepa ; thon fuintnest came over me again, aud I full batik on to the mullock. ' When I came t3 again, with my head aching frightfully, and a sense of stilTiitus morn dtt treKStng than before, I rememberrd that I liml jorao matches ia my pickot, and striking; a light I looked at my watch. It «as nearly three 3'clock in the morniog, and I had been some five hours in the claim. ' Surely I was not to stop there nuch longer. What had become of my hor-ie I ciuld notiell.' He might havo been killed in the fii'l — if bo,; ?someone would bo sure to pass that way. and his body would attract their attention ? If not killed ho would havo made either fir BaHm-at or I ho. station ; wo had' stables at both, ami assistance would soon be forthcoming. Aujlww IrIiouM not be thore long. It is very h-tr.l to kill hope in the young, and before a few minionm of re flest-on were over I sank quiutly hick upon the mullock, and thought of — well, of an un romantic smoke. I had a pipe in my curtouche-box, matches, and tobacco. ' Many men had passed nights under worse auspice*. I. filled the pipe, lighted a match, and ?was puffing away ao it in tlio first, oojovnvwt.'nf a good smoke, when in the brief illumination that followed I saw something, that mad o ma stop puffingin an instant. Close to mo was the entrance to a drive. A drive at the bottom of a sh if b was common enough, but the flash nf the mutch had shown mo a half-burned c:«ndlo, fitted into a socket cut in the pipe clay. This was not half so common in a deserted shaft. In a second I struck another match, and lighted the candlo. It was apiece about three inches long. Someone worked in the mine still, or must have been down it lately. If so, they wonld coma ngiin. Perhaps tho ropo and windlass had only been taken down temporarily, and would be fixed aijain thonext day : yet another chanco of safety. Then it oc curred to me that even if this were the caso, the men would not be likely to come to work again till Tuesday ; and where or what should 1 be then ? 'Again the old horror came over me ; and partly ? to expel it and partly from curiosity I. thought I would explore the drive. So taking the lighted candlo in my hand, and leaving my sword and belt in the shaft, I crept into the narrow opening. : 'It was higher and wider than some drives ; perhaps 4 feet high by 3$ wide ; but it kept me on my hands and knees for about twenty f*e_t, when I came into a semicircular open space, in which several drives debouched. It was a little loftier than the drive — I could nearly stand upright — and propped up by timbers, some of which had evidently been removed. I knew the danger of meddling with, such ground, and was about to retrace my way to the shaft whon something in the further corner m ide mo start a second time. 'The mine was worked : there was someone in it now. ' It was not light enough to see exactly what sort of man ho was ; but he had a rod shirt on, and was sitting up against one of the props, evidently asleep. ' ' Taking a spell,' I thought ; but I did think that it was a strange place even for the most enthusiastic worker to take a spell in on Christmas Day. ' 'Hullo, mate !' I shouted, ' Asleep ?' ' No answer from the man in the rod shirt. ''Drunk,' I thought then. On the- whole, it was a likelier thing. The man might be a * hatter'* who had taken some grog down with him and got drunk over it. 'But then there were no footsteps. How had he got down ? How was he going to get up ? ' I began to fool uncomfortable. Half-formed thoughts of ghostly phantoms of departed un lucky diggers who had committed suicide, &o.;, &c; , began to enter ray head. 'Hullo mate ! hullo ! hullo.!' I shouted again; my -voice sounding dully in the low roofed cham ber. Still no answer from the mia iu red. ' This will never do/'wasmynextthonght, 'jwr haps the man is ill.' So, with my candle still in my hand, and holding it out at some distance before me, I crawled towards the man in red. Asleep, very soundly indeed if asleep, very drunk indeed if drunk. I came nearer and nearer, and then, with'a cry of alarm — by God, gentlemen, I am not ashamed of it — I almost started to my feet, but still mechanically grasped the candle. 'Asleep indeed; so sound asleep that it would take a louder cry than mine to wake him. 'The man wasdead. Sittins;proppedup against the timber, he stared me in the face with ghastly eyes. The first shock over, the habitof duty came back to me. I had seen dead men befor.o, and had to go near them. I went then close up to the man in red. 'He could not have been dead long, for though decomposition is sometimes stayed iu such places, there were no signs as yet of the mummifying process which takes its place. 'The face was as calm and still as if the man had died in Mb bed; only tho drooping under jaw and the glaring eyes showed he had not done so. 'There were no signs of violence about the man, and he had evidently only been dead a few da-ys. I thought at first of composing the poor dead face into more decent form, Dut 1 remembered that I should have to report the matter to ray superiors, and that the body must be left as I found-it. ' I crawled back to the shaft — it is not pleasant being alone with the dead — and lay down again on the mullock and tried to sleep. But I could not. By the time Christmas D.xy dawned over my head pain and excitement had done their work and I was in a high fever. . 'How I spent that long day I never can remem ber. I have a faint memory of singing the barcarole again as the nearest approach to a Christmas carol I could remember. I think somo tiraes too that I tried to climb again and fell again, and I once found myself leaning ngainst the eide of the shaft, with my lips glued to the gravel to catch the spring water that I thought was gaily dribbling down. Then I have some recollect! -n of hearing a dragging noise along the drive, and on turning round of seeing the man in red with a bottle in his^ band, out o£ which he asked mo to drink. This invitation I evidently thought was not to be slighted, for clearest of all is a memory of going bock into the. propped up chamber, sitting down in front of tne corpse, and asking him to sing or do something or other for liia^night's lodging. Then came a greater darkness than ever, a sensation as of flying, and finally an awakening. Not id tho drive or shaft, no thank heaven, but in my own bed at the -cirap. But Christmas Day was over, and I had spent it with the dead. 'I heard afterwards that my horse had ntado or a station near whero he hud been fed, and ? Digger who works by hirasolf. that I was therefore not missed either at head quarters or in cunp. But whuu the ST^eant f iund that it was ten o'clock on Boxing D.iy and I bad not returned, he took out men to look for mo. ''The deserted rush was at once suspected, and after trying several shafts I was found and brought to tho surface. My horae was sent back to the cum p. I was ill fur a fortnight and there was an ond of it.' ' . ' But wlierii were you f iund — in tho shaft ?' ' N-i, in the, chimbrjr, lying by tho; side of tlio dead man. . There, pass tho p innikin; again. ? It takes Riiuothiiig Htiff no miikHiuifnrg-jt', that Christmas Djy, aud how aud with what I spent it.' . ' Ot course wo all applauded, this story to the echo, because thero were.fewrof us who could nob. appreciate its point. .The other stranger waa'then lookol at. His yarn was of THE CHRISTMAS C \KK ^-A STORY OF THIS OLD VICTORIA. RBI-JIT. As I have said, he was a worn- looking man, who had evidently been bvttero.l about in tho world from his youth upwards. Ha wjh not old, but he had that weary, far-away look; in hU eyes which told that, for him, the greit battlo of. life had been fought and lost; and that he waited with pationce. for the last call. There, was a dead pause for a few moments before he prof ferred a .word, and then, from out of the cloud. ,of, smoke with which ho was enve loped, .he, spoke: — 'I suppose that you. now expect a story from me, bus I really don't know that 1 1 have one to tell you. . I have never graduated in that lino, so will just give you a simple episode of my life, which, id it does not amuse, may interest you. It is of the old Vic toria Reef, and howl came to hare a hand in it. I think it was in September, ,1851, that I left the White-hills, at Bendigo, to go to the Simson's .rush. I on'y had one mate at this time, and he was a groat tall lath of a Guernsoyman, who had done California and Forest Creek to the tune of ,.£5000 or so. He was fly-blown now, however, aud when wo ro30 the white tents of tho rush we had between us only enough to pay Is. for a backet of water, and 2s. for a loaf. However, we pitched a pair of blankets ( wo had no tent) just at tho back of theG-olden Age, and marked out a claim on the Blackmail's Some of you fellows, perhaps, hive never seen one of those -fierce rushes, the very memory of which . quickens .the pulse. Just fancy, then, a -swarm- ing hive of men, struggling together for pri-! ority of plaoe, drinking, fighting, swearing, curs ing, and caring for nought but Gold. How many got it, how few kept it, and how many went down in the fight never to rise again in those days is one of those things of which I don't like to think. However, lot '.that, pass. We got a claim on Blackman's, *- and in the main street, after we had eaten and; drank frugally of bread and water, we met an old Bendige mate, who lent us a couple of pounds to start us, giving the cheerful assurance at the same time that, from all appearances, the lead must come straight through our claim, and up at the head they were getting it out by the hundred weight. To it we went next morning, and by' night had the shaft logged up and down ten feet. As we were doing ? a smoke two men we had seen scratching in new chum style on the next claim, came to us and asked if either would join them to help work their shaft on thirds. .; As we though'; they were off the line, we declined, but a little further up they dropped on an old hatter, who went in with them. The two men hid come out in the Bad Jacket, and hearing of Sitnson's had trudged there., Thsy sank their shaft, and we sank ours. From theirs in one week they took out £15,000 worth of gold, going home again in the Lightning; from ours in one month we just made tucker, and left our selves enough to fly somewhere elsi were wo so inclined. After this, as we thought, the place was pretty well done ; and, for our parts, we were undecided where next . to tempt fortune. Mate and I had one night been in to the theatre to see pretty little Harriet Wooldridge dance, and poor Shearcrbft play Hamlet to Greville's Gh jst and Mrs. 'Wooldridge's Queen. When coming out I heard Mato give a loud whoop, and in a moment ho was shaking hands . with, and almost embracing, a ' man taller than himself (ho topped six), '- , but, , oh so grand and noble. He was about fifty, but hardly showed it. His frame was broad and muscular to . a degree, and it was overset by a ho id as massive. When I went up to him for introduction, he gave my hand a squeeze, and a kindly glance of his eyes, which, convinced me we would soon be friends. And we were soon friends ; suoh friends as men seldom are to each other, but not for long — not for long. He was aGuernseynmn,too,I found, and .had been workingup in a small gull/ leading'into the head of Blac'kman's. Like ours, his luck was bad. Well, we began talking about what we should do next, when, in the middle of our conversation, ho jumped up and said: 'look here, boys, what- do you say to anew venture? When I was in Bendigo, last summer, at the head of Ironbark, I came across an old German who was stamping away/ with a jumper at some stone which Ho was taking from a hole at the crest of that hill above the crossing place. I picked a bit of the stone up and put it in my pocket. ? Here it' is.' ' I -was watching Mate all this 'time, and, I . was not-, surprised , by- the . prior expression . of his oyoa to 'see him. stretch out his. huge paw and seize the tiny.' mor sel— r' Quartz) by God I!1 he Bwore ; 'and golden quartz too, or there's no snakes in California ? Whero did you got this, did you say?' Tbn stranger repeated his story. ' And, pray,' I asked innocently, {' what may quariz be when it's at home ?' ' Quartz, ray boy,' sad Mato, ' is tho mother of gold. Where there is quartz thero must be gold fomownere about, and I am almost inclined to think that whero thero is gold thero must bo quariz, although Ballarat doesn't bear n.e nut iu that. Bendigo imy do it, and California has dono it. Boys,' he said, rising, ' I know something ; not much it is truo, of quariz reef ing, but tf \ou're on for a bout close to this Qer iinin I'm on.' We smiled at his. eagerness, and the stranger,, who I vim I call Steve, fell to smok ing very hard, nnd thinking harder. -We waited for him to speak After about fivo minutes of that culm- which every old digger has enjoyed, he up and spoke: 'You see, lads, it's this way with' me. I've, got a wife, and six youngr i-tora at home in the clear little island, God bless 'em; 'and since I left my ship to cuine horn (now eighteen months ago) I've only ?l-een.ablii to.«end tlipm t'30. not enough to keep tho souls in their bmlicH. ? I cau't afford to go on any fool's ? expedi ion afier -golden . stones.' ' Don't talk like a fool nf what you don't know anything .ib'iut, sriid Mate sharply. Then more sharply Btill, ' How deep wai the bole from, which you took that bit of Htmie,?' 'About two feot.' ''Was there min:h of it?' ''Ihreo feet thick,. I should say.' ? ' 'Uin, tno«t likely the head of a reef. Look here, boys, I don't want to raise any false hopes in you. hut that German wasn't there for nothing. I think I know him— a silent, active, middlo-Mzed man, with a long qrey beard, wearing a blue shirt.- not 'tuuked into his trousers like tho rest of us, but over them, with a broad leather belt out-ido ; on his- head a broad Panama.' ? ' The very man,' cried Steve. 'Then/ by thunder, he is a fly one. He was fossick ing about on the ranges in California Sully, when I took out. that two pound nugget, with a hammer, clipping pieces off- tho quariz that crops out on tho surface, just tlio other side of the upper crossing place. The fools nf diggers joed him, and swore he was mad. Perhaps they won't say he was miuhono.,of these davs. Lads, I'm going baot to, Bendigcf.v- With out more ado, for he was a man (of faction more than of words, ho swung himself,;as'..he would have said, on to his 'hind legs, 'and 'proceeded to pack his swag. 'I'm with ^ou, - Mate,'.' said I, 'but why to-night !' 'To- night's just as good as any other time, it'll be damned hot to-morrow, and we can get across the plaint by moonlight. I know the course well enough. ' Without more ado I went to woik to untuck the blanket, - and in just fifteen minutes we were ready. . Stevo sat watching us musingly, aud when wo had done, he rose with a heavy sigh, and said, ' See here;. Ij want to go with you. I will go with .you.,' But all the while there is something crying* at '.my' heart,. 'Think of the little : ones'- at; home, and stay where you are,' ? and. the great honest fellow brushed awav a tear, and partially blushed 'as if ashamed of his emotion.' 'I' wasn't often in those days, as many a broken' heart at home can'testify, that men in the wild whirl of a gold fields' life thought much of their wives and children, -worse luck. Steve's great frame swung away into the moonlight, and in less than half an hour he stood before ns roady fnr the march. We arrived in Bendigo about the 15th November, and camped on the edgo of Maori Gully, a Bmall tributary of New Chum. Nearly twelve months had passed from the time that Stevo had seen the old German thump-' ing quartz at the 'head of Ironbark, and a' material change . had come ever the aspect of affairs. He had.- 'now in work a stamping machine of four stamps, which was driven by horse power. He bad also engaged twelve men. Not so much that he wanted their lahorj but be cause under the absur tly ridiculous mining regu lations of .the day he was only allowed to hold, under his miner's right twelve square feet of ground, which meant of course as far as the reef was concerned, just twelve feet along its 'course.' There waialso a three men's claim on tho one side of this, and very little calculation- will show' you how much of the world-famed 'Victoria Reei was then taken up. We pegged 36 feet the other Ride of thier's. A few words to let you know how wo stood. Between the ' three of us we had about £15 ; blasting powder was 3s. a pound,- fuse 2i.-6d. ? a bundle,' and. every article of consumption equally as expensive. . Now. the German, in ' whom I have no doubt you have all recognised Mr. Billeratedt, had taken the reef about the surface,- and was profoundly jealous of information as to how it dipped. ? In deed in those days we knew littlo of dip or any thing else. . Mate had reckoned that we would strike at tweny feet, and, following tho .old Cali fnrnian plan, we started a shaft 15 feet square.*. When wo had got down ten feet our funds were about spent. Steve, thinking ?of the little -ones, to whom by starving himself ho managed to send £5 in the three months we had now been employed, wanted to give it up and try a fresh field. Mate said that: everybody might give is up, but he'd be damned if _ ho would. Somehow the courage of this man's faith seemed to inspire us all. -And just at . this, time too, as I remember so well to-day, we had a' gleam of hope Two men named Frost and Wil liamn, working for Bailers tod t, discovered that he had only ton -miners' rights. Thereupon they jumpod. twenty. four feet at the north ond of his. claim. Thero was a devil of . a commotion you may be sure, and the old man called in the. best lawyers in the district to his aid :' but it was1, no good— thero ,was the not ; that he could not override Frost and Williams too as a partner one Rbborts, and in two weeks, at twenty feet from the surface, they got out £30,000, worth of golden quartz. That patch ? I ' believe was the richest on tho reef. Here was1 an incentive to work, which filled u? all, except Steve, with fire. He was gloomy, irritable, peevish/nervous. Ab to work, he did nioro than any two of us. He was up before the sun, and did- not lay down hia pick till the night. made him. Taen he would go to his tent and sob, and pray, and cry out for the little ones he had lefc sr» far away over the blue wators. I have. heard, him in tho dead of night, when the otl»-iM have been, slopping soundly, turning rostlossly on his bod, and 'muttering in the patois of -the island, , ma .pauvrcpelites, ma pauvrc j-etites, and then , ho would give: a great iigh,'. which shook hU giant frame as though his hoart were ; breaking. , His. great grief .drew me close to him ; and in the twilight; wo would. sit 'when Mate was away, playing euchre with some old ' Californiani friends; smoking our. pipes, while ho would tell of his home in the island of hi;) birth, of his fair wife and his bonny childron, whom he was doomed, alas 1 -never mororto see; I should like to be able, if I wasn't afraid of tir ing you, to, follow the fortunes of our little party during, the time wb were sternly fighting with Naturo, and asking the earth to give up her trea sures, and yob finding none. Ever on the point of. abandoning thd claim in despur, ever ?Th h U a f. ot, aud can be verified by many ponouB now on Uoudlgo. held on to it by tho persistency of Mate, who, like all of us, had to live for runny a weary week on nothing but damper and tea, ond for a change, damper without tea, — wo came by-and-bye to regard this condition of things as normal. Did wo chance on a pillar in the old workings where two of us, generally Stove and myself, were kept continually woiking, it went to bay a half-cttkof blasting powder, or to put new points to ilio drills, or new handles to tho hammers. Yet wo all bore our privations -well, except Steve ; he,° the, strongest of us all, eoemed going down in the 'contest, and I watched his decline with pain. One night after, we bad been eleven months at it, ho nsked me what I thought of our chiiice,' *nd said that ho had determined . at once go to Melbourne and. ship for England. I_beg(-6d of him not to, but ho was firm. I nsked him then, and I would I had died first. myself, for whut' would have been my worthless life as ngainst his, who had children to love. him and a wife to cherish, — I asked liim to stay jet one moro month, and then, if tho reef was not cut, to do what ho threatened. ' 'Why,' I said jocularly, ' At tho mojt you have but thrown away eleven months of your life ; bo a man, 'and miiko it the full year.' He stretched, out bid hand, clasped it iu mine, and said, .'By Jove, old feliow, I .will. ' .At this time, I may explain, wo wore down 70 feet, and though thero wero splondid indications, as people told us, never ,.a sign of a roef did wo see. By degrees wo bad lessened our shaft, and it was now 10 x 10, ft. I asko.l Mate what ho was going to do' : Lessen tho shaft to 10 x 6 ft., aud tink 6 ft. more. Mate always had his way with us. Somehow we gob down that 6 feet, and thon Mato talked of driving, but decided to lesson the frhaft to 6x4 feet, co down 10 feet, and then drive. On tho 15th November, just twelvo months after we arrived from Simson's, .a grand council of war was called in tho shaft. We bad got down 0 feet of the 10. Kesult : No reef. Steve and 1 had worked three weeks on the flat. Result : No gold to speak of. Storekeeper had got no money. Result : .No sup plies. This was the conditionto which We wero reduced-: Between four hard working men wo had one pine of tobacco, and a spoonful of tea leaves. This we shared like men, and sat puffing away, and looking at each other, every, nian of us afraid to speak. Let me explain the position — three of us wo. o crouched in the bottom' of tho shaft; ^rnite was' sitting on the last ledge of our very'leilgy, 'shaft' looking down onus. All of a Bu'ddentf.ef Heard the dull 'boom of a blast ia tbo 'next'cIainV/'and Mate was standing in our midst. Tho'thrick had lifted him up bodily. 'I'd give a thou'saud pounds to know if that shot was fired in the ro.ef,' he roared. This was too much even for Steve's gravity, and we all round split ourselves at the idea of a man who had just smoked bis last worldly property giving a thousand pounds for anything. ' liook hero, boys,' ho said, 'if ; that' shot was in the reef we'ro within '.a foot of it — It's thoro, I toll you/ and' lie kicked tho ledge on which ho iad been ' sitting .till he- howled with. pain. ' See here, lads, scatter, ' ho continued, ' meet here again at 'five o'clock, putnp the men that work' for tbo blacksmith, and, by Jerusalem, we'll lave some hot croc and a pot of salmon to-nisht out of that scurvy old storekeeper, if we bail tho shanty up;':. We gob the grog and salmon with out bailing up. I went down to the crosting, dropped on one of the chaps who put the blast off, and pumped from him the truth. The sliot was in the reef. Tho day beforo his mate had told us that we had to go one hundred feet to get stone. That verj night we put a blast into that ledge and took out a handxercliief full of specimens,, which made tbe storekeeper crawl to us. What couleur derose pictuios we drew that night to be sure. Perhaps the grog had 'something to .do with it, for wo hadn't much of that tack lately, but of tho dreams of delusion wo indulged in. Droams all, gentlemen, alt t Not ' to one or ' two of us, but to tbe four.- Whero. are we now?'. Two dead; tho other two even as I am. ; Pshaw. ! I must get on. By the 23rd of December, 855\. we had taken out. kilned, and carted to Ensor's Berdan's machine, in Now .Chum Gully, seventeen tons of stone. Tho Berdan. was a. duffer, and it did'nt crush over a ton an hour. It was tho morning of the 24th beforo our stone was commenced, and wo were told off in one's to watch it. I wont on at eleven. o'clock at night, relieving Steve, who said he would go home and have a sleep. At a- quarter to twelve I was startled at finding him by .myVside, looking,, by the dull light of tho lamp, more like a ghost than a corporeal being His face was ashy pale, . hia lips were working convulsively, and grout beads of sweat chased each other down his face. ?? I grasped his hand. It was that, almost, asof a corpse. ' Whatevor is the matter, old' follow ?' I' cried. 'Hush, my lad, hush ;. don't speak just yet. I'm called — I've seon my wife. She stood by my bedside in the tent and called' me to her.' 'Nonsense, nonsense/ said I, 'fancy, rubbish'.'* ' As. I stand here as plainly as I see you now. Promise me^ by our friendship, that you will see'my childron righted when they are fatherless.' Of course I promised, but at the same timo I did my best to reassure, and .prevailed on him to take a nobbier; which did cheer. him up a bit. The crushing went on and by three the washing off was commenced. At four o'clock a great lump of amajuam was in tbe retort, and we ail gathered round the furnace. In a few .minutes the quick silver h-vd emptied itself into the bucket, aud we saw' beforo us' a great glittoiing lump of gold, over 300 oz. in weight. All tho time of the re torting Steve hel-l my shoulder, as if in a death grip. Once or twice I nearly cried out, but. tho excitement kep^. me up. As' tho oake, was thrown out wo saw it* full size ; I heard him give a great sigh, and looking in his face, I was just in timo to cUcli' hirri as ho fell — 'Faint/ cried Mato! 'Dead/ I said, solemnly. And he was. . Ho never spoke again ; but as the golden .sun tinted the' clouds i'a_ roseate hue that' glorious. Ohiistmas morning, his sonl was carried onward . to his Maker. Happior, perhaps, for. him it was so. In 1854 I went home and found that his, wife had died at 'a quarter' past eleven on the night of the . 24th December, 1855. Mates all, this is a truo story.' ' ' ',;.'?;. By this time tbe yawns around the fire vrero numerous, and , 1 postponed my , story till tomorrow, ;and we betook ourselves with one aooord to that bed' in the bush to whioh we were all acbuBtomed. We did not separate .'however without an earnest wish for a meeting at another Ohristmas tide. 